A Serious Cnarge. AT the Water Polioe Oonrt, Monday, Dr. Van Heeke ren waa charged with unlawfully naingan inetrnment aponthe person of Eleanor Antill, with the intention of prodnoing a miscarriage. Sorgeant Premner deposed that he arrested defendant on .September 16, in his , room«, in Phillip-atreet. Witness told him he had a warrant, «nd aBked him for hie surgical instru- menta. He pointed ont some inatrumenta on the top of a oupboard, and witnesa then detected him in the .et of aeoreting the wire inetrnment produced. Defendant deolined to give him the instrument, and it bad to be taken from him by foroe. Sergeant Perry asaisted him to do ao. Defendant at the time was yery mnoh exoited, and seemed aurpriaed. Two ladies came into the consulting rooms when witness waa there. Eleanor Antill deposed that she waa stopping in the Benevolent Asylum. She was 24 yeats of age, and had been a waitress. She had seen defendant twice before. Tho first time she saw him waa last Thursday week, when she called at hia plaoe. She waa alone. She oalled there in order to ascertain ' what her condition waa. Tho defendant opened the door. She was asked to stop into an inside room on tho right-hand-aide of the paaaage. Witness ashed him if ho could tell her what waB the matter with her, and if anything oould be done for her. He roplied that ho contd not tell until he had examined her. Defendant then asked her to call again om the following morning. She oallod on the following day abont half past 12 o'olook. At that time ehe waa living in Crown-street. Prisoner opened tho door for wit- ness, when ahoaaw him on the eeoond oooaoion, and took her into a room at tho far end of the house. She .had to wait there for abont a quat tor of an hour, and Bhe waa then taken into a front room. The priaonor examined her, and told her that she waa pregnant. She asked him if he oould do anything for hor, and ho said " Yea-what I will do will not oanae you any rain." Witness oonaented to undergo au onoration. She gave evidonoe descriptive ef the treatment to whioh she had been eubjooted. Tho aoonsed, Bhe said, had uBod an instrument, and she beoame very weak. Prisoner told her she must oall on him again. Sho then left, but did not re tarn. Witness felt very weak all next day, and in tho evening of that day a miscarriage took plaoe. A young girl, named Mary Ann Gagan, attended her in her illness, and a medical man was coiled in. Prior to the operation being made Bhe had enjoyed good health, but ainoo thon sho had boen unwell. When witness asked defendant what he would ohargo he said os for the examination and ¿4 for the operation. She paid him that monoy. Tho instrument prisoner usod was not like tho ono produoed. Dr. Piokburn was the medical gontleman she ealled in to attond to hor. She had givon birth to a ohild three yoars ago ; that obild was how alivo. She was married to the father of the ohild, bnt tho man committed bigamy by marrying hor. Prisoner asked her not to toll anyono that ho had porformod theoporation.beoanBethatwouldgothimintotrouble, i Witness promised ehe would not. She had not givon ' information on tho aubjoot to tho authorities. Wit- i noBS did not want to go on with thia case. She did i not fool particularly weak. Witness got tho money < to pay prisoner from her brother, but he did not know ^ what abo intended to do with tho monoy. Mr. Lowe- i who appeared for tho dofenoo, asked that he should ] be allowed to postpone the cross- examination < of tho witness. Mr. Marah thought that hor evi- 1 donoe ought to bo completed. Ho considered that i the witness was an unwilling on«, and if the fags JJ wore postponed the end of juBtioe might be defeated. After considerable argument on the snbjoot tho fur- ther hearing of the ease was poatponod until next day. Mr. Lowe applied for bail, but tho application was refused. Tho further hearing of the ohargo waa proceeded with on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. C. A. Irving and Mr. J. G. ü'líyan aopearod to proaeoute on bohalf of tho Crown, and Mr. Lowe appeared for tho defence. Eleanor Antill, cross-examined ty Mr. Lowe, de- posed that she recollected what she had said on tho previouB day. She wished to say that if any further questions were asked oonoerning the father of hor firBt child she would refuse to answer, aa it had nothing to do with this case. She waa under the impression that a gentleman on the Benoh Bugeeated tho questions about her marriage. Mr. Marsh stated that tho witness was mistaken aa to that, The question had not been suggoated to him by any magistrate on the Bench. In reply to Mr. Marsh, tho witnesB said that when sko had been married four yearB ago tho marriage coromony was performed by a Churoh of England olergjman. Mr. Lowe hope the Bonah would not insist upon crimi- nating the girl, or it would bo found that there was a shooting affair in connootion with the matter i Re- examined by Mr. O'Ry an: Since tho operation had been performed she had been confined to bed. She waa improving in health, but was Buffering from lightness and a giddy feeling in the head. She bad never oxporienoed that feeling bofore. Sargeant Perry, examined by Mr. O'Ryan, gate evidonoe corroborating that already given by Sergeant Bremner, relativo to the arrest of tho defendant, and j what ooourrod in his houae at that time. The wit» ness added that on the way to the watohhouse he said to dofendant, " you have been tiddly-winking." He replied, " what do you mean," and witness Baid "I thought, after the narrow osoape you had some yoara ago, you would never attempt to do the same thing again." Mr. Lowe remarked that it waa mon- strous to hear polioo witnesses making up a case against a prisoner in thia way. By a side wind it was endeavoured to Bhow that defendant had been arrested bofore on a similar charge. Tho witness : On a subsequent occasion prisoner asltdd witness how ho thought the oharge would go. Witness replied, " I think you will bo oommittod." To the Benoh: WitneBB, at prisoner's requoat, gave him a blank cheque in the look-UD, and ho filled it up for ¿81500. That oheqao was given to prisonor'B son, and when tho prisoner waa handing over tho cheque he remarked- that he dosired the best solicitors to bo retained for his de- fence. Dr. Pickburn doposodthat on Saturday week last ho was oalledin to Bee the girl Antill. He was called in by Sergeant Bremner to seo tho girl. She was in bed and in great pain, and oalling out. Wit- ness saw a quantity of blood. That appear- ance waa usual in oases of miscarriage. Ho Baw the foolus, and did what was neoeBsary in Buch oases. Tho patient mada a statomont to him. He had heard her evidence in court, and, from the surrounding circumstances of thooaso, he had formed tho opinion that she had,been aborted byimpropor moana. When the girl made the statement to him eho thought that she waa djing, and spoke tho truth; If ho had attended the girl, and had not heard: anythingl from her, he would havo inferred that ahe had boon improperly treated. He saw the four instruments prodnoed. They wore not ordinary catheters, having been altered. They could bo used for tho purpose ot proouune abortion. Sergeant Bremner was recalled, and produced the fotus given him by T>r. Pickburn. Mary Ann Geoghan deposed that tho girl Antill had been in her employment, as a soi vant. Witness remembered Antill going ont on last Friday fortnight. On the night of that day witness noticed that she was ill, but did not know what was the matter with her then. Tho priaoner on being asked if he had anything to say why he should not bo committed, replied " I am not guilty." Mr. Lowe shortly, addressed the oom t for the dofenoo. The prisoner waa then committed for trial at the noxt Ciroait Court to be held in ¡ November. Mr. Lowe asked that bail should bo lallowocl. Mr. Itviag.opposod tho application. The oase.be said, was a serious one, and the prisoner j was financially in a position that would enable him to abscond. Bail was refused. Mr. Lowe Baid that ho would apply to a judge of tho Supremo Court to liberate the auousod on bail. Sydney cabmen are jubilant. Mr. Jnatioe Windeyer decided on Tuesday that the Transit Commissioners have no power to oanoel or suspend a license, and that by-law 13 is ultra vires. Their only power is to summon an offender before a Justice, who can fino to an extent nat exceeding ¿810. During the voyage of the immigrant Bbip the Nineveh the dull routine of events was relieved to some extent by jokes, more or lesa serious, praotisod by some of tho young female immigrants on each other. In one CUBO, however, the result turned out very BeriouBindeed. During the quiot hours of the night ono of tho girls, wrappod in a white shoot, passed from one bunk to auothor and aroused tho sleeping inmates by pre- tending to bo a ghost. The Bhook in ono instance was so severe that tho poor girl lost her reason, and had to be plaood under medioal care. Sho was examined on tho arrival of the ship here and cortifiod to bo insane, and was sent to Gladesville. Wo are informed that a rathor cnrioua printed docu- ment has been forwarded to members of theLoy islative Council, and that other copies aro to oe, or have boen, forwarded to tho members of tho Legislative Aaaembly. It is headed "Memo, por oatimato for tho Mudgee lino," and is said to be the copy of a lotter written by the Enqineor-in-Chietof Railways, Mr, John Whitton, and addressed to the assistant cngineor for trial surveys, lt refers to alleged mis« calculations relativo to the coat of the Mudgee rail- way, and, if genuine, which thoro ia little room to doubt, dieqlosoB tho faet that some very great errors .-amounting, we are informed, to about .8250,000 hayo boon made. Tho manner in whioh it became known outside the Department Booms as durions as the contents of tho doeumont itsolf. We are informed that the original lotter was placed on tho table of the contractors' room at the .Railway Offioo in tho proBenoo of sovoral contractors and their agonts by tho Assistant Engi- neer for Surveys himself, together with the specifi- cations, sootions, and conditions of contraot. At that particular time tho contractors and thoir a?onte were engagod making oopioB of all the papers bearing on tho contraot, with tho object of making up thoir estimate of tho work. If it waa not placed thore for the benefit and information of contractors, it is diffioclt to oonooivo for what posolblo other purpose it was so left, It had a direct bearing on tho oost of tho line, and in that view was, wo believe, copied by four or five of thoso interostea in the contraot. Somo £ve weeks ago tho papers in connection with the Mudgee lino were ordered by the Legislative Assembly. Tho delay in laying thom on tho table of tho Houao is inexplicable, unless it is that there is a desire to ooneeal some-, thiag in oonneotion with the work], 