TURF GOSSIP. [Br Tbuhpator.] There baa been eome little wagering done dnring the week on the A.B 0. Meeting, bat it baa been chiefly oonfined to donblea. For the Hnrdlea, Frank Hewitt, Veno, Jack'a the bad, and D.O.D. are backed r and in the Steeplechase the favourite selections are Biatori, Coastguard, Olif ton, and Taxaraxaonm. The Assyrian is the only horae fancied yet for the Duke's Handicap, and it may be mentioned that the stable have backed the doable, The Assyrian and Biatori, to win a fair stake. Were Pawnbroker a certain starter he would be supported pretty freely, Mr, Savlll has taken 400 to 100 about one of fails lot for the Sapling Stakes, but there is little or no speculation on this raoe. Abdallah and Banger were scratched for all their Winter Steeplechase engagements on Wed nesday. It is said that Abdallah will go to Syd ney for the A. J.O. Meeting. At a meeting of the Direotora of the Sooth Australian Jockey Olab Company, held on Toes day, August 2, the resignation of Sir John Morpbett as Chairman was accepted with regret, the Board expressing their thanks for the valu able service rendered to the Company by Sir John. The Hon. B. C. Baker, M.L.O., was appointed Chairman, and Mr. W. B. Bonnsevell, M.P., waa elected a member of the Baoe Com mittee. Since his arrival in Adelaide Mr. H. Goidsplnk baa laid the following wagers on the V.B.O. Derby and Melbourne Cop:-8,000 to 40Mon mouth and Savanaha, 1,000 to S Monmouth and Venom, 1,000 to 5 Monmouth and The Pontiff, 1,000 to 5 Monmouth and Sir Modred, 1,000 to 5g Monmouth and Her Majesty, 1,000 to 5 Darebin and Bomnna. There appears to be very little doing in Sydney on the Bpring events, though some money moat have gone on Tramp Toss to bring him to 100 to 12 for the Hawkeahnry Handicap. Wellington, it would appear, is to be sent to Sydney this month, as 100 to 8 hsa been taken abont his chance. Monmouth appears to be doing very satisfactory work on the training ground, and the same remark applies to Spinning dale, Gloucester, and Wheatear, while favourable accounts of the Gem's wellbelng come from Maltland. \- The steeplechase mere Lucy has been sold to Mr. Philip Gleniater. The Geelong Winter Meeting suffered in im portance this year through the Grand National Meeting preceding it by only a week. Fields were very small, and the quality of the horses in all the raoes saving the Hurdles verv mode rate. King of Tramps, Dhnrringhiie, Oumber land, Dutchman, and Rhesus ran In the hut die race, and the finish would have been a very close one had not Bherae ton Dhuirirghile and King of Tramps off. As it was, Cumberland beat New Zealand after a very good race by a length. Only tour ran in the Handicap, and Napper Tandy beat Kohinoor, the favourite, by half a head in the slow time of S min. 54 seoa. Napper also won tb e Bail way States, In which The Ghost—who ran here as Salisbury—was seoond. " Angar" says •'Since the Grand National Meeting the work done at Flemington has not been of a very Interesting character. I have visited the gronnd two or three times, bnt have seen nothing sensational, though on Tuesday morning I saw Zambesi go a good gallop, Sonny side accompanying him a portion of the distance. Morrison's horses were through their physio, and were exercising, end Venom's injured eye had improved. Mercnry did nice striding work, and so did 'Whisper. Warlock is improving daily, and some day we shall see this fiaxen-mtned ebeennt again carrying Mr. Paterson's colours to viotory. Darebin, after a canter, showed bow frteh he was by trying to get rid of his jockey, but I don't think Nantilus has pleased every body this week. The general opinion is that the colt was hnrried too much to get ready for Gceloog. Bosworth is an improving horse, and among the youngsters that have lately aopeared at Flemington, perhaps Fryingpan and Magnet, in Mr. Dskiu's stable, and the Oalnmsy colt in A. Davis's stable are the most promising, albeit there is notfaiDg among the youngsters at FlemiDgton that can go as fast as Prince George. I have heard that Bine Bibbon was lame on Wednesday." The Victorian Bacing Olnb have considered the objection lodged against the horse Young Alfred, and decided that the tact of his having been in the bands of a disqualified trainer was not a sufficient reason for disqualifying him had be won the National Hnrdle Bace. Monmouth's reported scratching for ail fydney engagements, together with the accompanying note to the effect that the colt was quite well, was taken by backers sb an intimation that the stable consider him worth saving for the doable of the year, i.e, the V.K.O. Derby and Onp. On lneEcmy mere was quire a ran on aoaoies, com mencing with Monmouth, aod Mr. H. Qoldaplnk laid a well-known 'patron of Hill's stable 8,000 to 40 about Monmoath and Savanaba. The Adelaide Eacing OInb have bonght from the inventor, Mr. B. Luacombe Brena, the sole right of using the "Climax Enumerator" in South Australia. The rights of catering inithe Grand Stand and Booths at the forthcoming meeting of the Adelaide Racing 01 ub were sold by auotion on Friday evening, Bnd realized fair prioes. A telegram from Hew Zealand states that Mata has been pnrchaaed by Mr. Hazlitt, of Donedin, for £700 After a deal of negotiating the Donedin Jockey Olnb have succeeded in purchasing the Forhury Baceconrse for £30,000. The club have been renting the ground for some time, bnt the exorbitant rent insisted upon by the owner has proved snch a drain upon the Olub's funds that tbey resolved to purchase .at any price. I have to eall 'attention this^week to the pro gramme for the S.A.J.O. Spriog Meeting, whioh Is to be held on September 24. Full particulars of the conditions of the races will be found on this page, and it is only neoessary to remind owners that nominations close on Augnst 15. The meeting of the Sonth Australian Jookey Oiub Company fell through on Friday, owing to there being no qnornm. The statement ot accounts showed that a profit of £1,043 had been made on the five race meetings held daring the past year, nearly all of whioh money has been ab sorbed in improvements and the current expenses of the Company. The profits were made as fol lows :—Spring Meeting, £7010s. lid.; Summer Meeting, £16813s. 8d.; Antnmn Meeting, £748; The Princes' Meeting, £90 2s. 6d. The Christ mas Meeting resulted in a loss of £42 15s. 6d. Dnriog next year the Committee intend plant ing trees and shrubs in the enclosures, and they have purchased more plant and engaged extra labonr with a view to improving the training track. 