INTERCOLONIAL. The Yan Yean reservoir, is again in danger of running-dry.- The Water Sup ply Board have resolved to bring several additional creeks into the water shed of the reservoir, including Silvery Creek. Tlia nf4/Jit.mnn1 aimnlv aYiinnfn/1 fnA«i those sources is about 11,000,000 gallons a day, and the cost of the o.j miles of open channel and sixty chains of tunnels (two), is estimated at£120,000. . A Collingwood constablo, named Short- wood, has received frightful and per manent injury at the hands of tho larrikins, by a blow on the . head from a stone 71b in weight. Being utterly disabled, ho receives £40 com pensation, and his discharge. Sir Bryan O'Loglilen is interesting himself in his favor. Some dastardly wretch has wilfully broken the off fore log of a valuable mare 'in Lillydale, Victoria, the property of a farmer named Poml. Three cows wero also poisoned by the same person, hut not fatally. The poliee are taking octivo steps in tho matter. The Australian Assurance Co. have de clared a half-yearly dividend at the rato \- of five per cent, per annum. . Fitzroy has rociproeatcd its Mayor's . ball by a return, at which 300 were pre sent. Supper, loyal toasts, and dancing .. till an early hour were indulged in. Tho Pirates of Penzance continue to infest the Melbourne Opera House, and . roap rich plunder from delighted au- . ;dionoes. . .. . : . . The ghost of Hamlet's father nightly walks the hoards of- the Thoatro Royal, Melbourne, and is interviewed by Mr Pen hurst, the melancholy youth. " " Ten Nights in a Bar lleom" is to bo succeeded by Mr E. C. Martin's drama, " Ostracised," at the Princess Theatre, Melbourne, to-night. The Rev. J. J. Halloy, of the Congre gational Church, Williamstown, lias just left for England, as representative of (he CongregationalUnion and Mission of Vic- toria to th'o J ubileo meetings of " the Con gregational Churches of England and. Wales, to ho held in Manchester in Octo ber. His congregation met to say "good bye" to him for about six months. Good flagging stone has boon discovered near Aibury. Two men quarrelled near tho silver mines atBavouswood, Queensland. Ono of them was afterwards found with lus throat cut ; the other was arrested. The Exhibition at Adelaide is a great . -success. The attendance was 80,000 up to Monday last, and thore is no abatement of visitors. Tommy Ah Hing has been sontencod b.': at j Adelaide to three years for burglary. Sydnoy turned out 70,000 to 80,000 peo ple to see tho Princes, or the laying of the foundation stono of tho pedestal of tho Queen's statue. Much loyal hunting was displayed, and a procession of tho various Societies walked, headed by 300 sailors, a military hand, a body of marines, and tho local volunteers and firo brigades. Tho -school children mustered in great force, and sang the National Anthem. Tho- Mayor of Sydnoy was unaccountably- omitted to bo invited, and did not attend. This caused considerable comment. His Royal Highness Prince Albert Victor per formed tho ceremony, and was afterwards presented with the nandsomo silver trowel, mounted in gold, used on this occasion. Tho Bank of Victoria, at their half- yearly meeting, declared a dividend of 9 per cent, per annum, and carried a balance forward of £0692 5s lOd. A California paper says that too new and elegant gaol at Reclwedh City "is now open to the public." An Aberdonian recently bought a horse by photograph, thus litteraly getting the carte before the horse. 