A Ghastly Tale. A VEitv strange circumstance ocenrring in tlic vicinity of Snicarte, Mason Country Illinois, has attracted the attention of a great many and is, at ttie least, a most miraculous affair. ' Febrnary tho 17th, a woman named Mrs. Banks, to all appear ances, died. Abont four weeks previous to this, she had given birth to a chilil; and was apparently well, with the exception of the nursing sore month, from the effect ofwhich she had grown qnite weak, so mnch so that her husband Ihonghtit was necessary to call in a physician, but she objected, insisting upon waiting a few days lenger, thinking that she could manage the affliction with out the aid of a. physician. She soon aft?rward, and very suddenly, sank away, nnd to all appearances gave np the ghost. The body was kept till the next day about 2o'clock p.m., when it was inclosed iu a coffin and taken to the graveyard, followed by a great many mournful friends. Iu laying her ont her arms were tied together above her elbow with a strip of cloth so tbat [her hands would retain a position across her breast. At tbe grave some of her friends wished to view her remains, and the coffin was opened that they niigh t do so. Oil removing the lid over the glass they conld not see through the glass for the moisture on it, nnd it was then seen that one of her hands was torn loose from the band aud was lying by her side, and The circumstance bore npon the minds of' several present, but still they cou'd not entertain any notion but she was dead. Her hands were again placed in position across her breast and rctied with the same strip of cloth, and she was buried. After returning to their homes several of the parties who had noticed the singular appearance' at the grave commenced to talk the matter overhand they soon raised a doubt in their minds that sbe was not dead; about 5 o'clock that same evening several went to the grave and took the body up. On opening the coffin they found fresh moisture on the glass of the coffin lid, and her hands were again broken from the strip of cloth that bound them, and they were both lying by her side, and instead of her limbs being in the least rigid, they and her fingers were flexible. Notwithstanding all this, they could not convince themselves hut that she was dead, and she was again rebnried. The matter was generally discussed in the neighbourhood, und by the following Snn doy the excitement had grown so strong tli.it it was decided io re-exhume her tbe follon-ing day. The next duy, Monday, after she had slept beneath the sod forfonr dnys and nights, she was again resur rected and taken to herTiome, where she has been slowly but gradually mending. Her friends entertain the strongest hopes of her recovery, which, if she does, will be remembered by the people of Snicarte. The way in which this affair was managed was, (o say the least, very singular. — Bloominglou (III.) Pantograph. \ A Cablvlein Ikcidest — Hero is a very characteristic story of Carlyle. A good many 3'ears ago he had a private secretary, vho w&s; very hard worked for very little remuneration. The SLcrctarv got iuto pecuuia'y difficulties nnd borrowed fifty pounds from a Jew, to whom'he agreed to pay a hundred at a given time. When tbis became due be was io a de sperate strait, and explained the affair to Cirlylc. Much to his astonishment Carlyle lent him fifty pounds, and toil him to offer it to tbe Jew, and not a farthing more, . 'Bully him,' was ihc sage's advice. But tbe secre tary's courage failed him, and haviug borrowed fifty pounds from another friend, he paid his debt in full. When Carlyle heard of tbis he was furious, and demanded bock hm money. I u-ouderhedM not e:t down forthwith aud write a panegyric oE King John, especially coinraeDding his system of extracting tbe teeth ?ef Hebrew money lenders. A correspocdent of Rotes and Qtterict writes : - There are scores of women in recent years who liave taken to men's work nnd men's clothing, as brick1 ay era, groom a, navvies, and what no*, in order to obtain tbat fair wage and that free lorn of labour to which they know themselves entitled, though tbe 41 women's rights' fo'ks do not aeem to know as much. Aud ns to poldiers aud eulors, let us remember vrh -t Dj Quincy says, in hi-= paper oa Join ,if Arc : *' We have sue1) aM-nt females amongst us, tiuJ iu a. I^ng scries \ fonu detected in naval J.ospitn s, ir'-cn too sick to remember their d.Bguise ; pom a on fields ol battle ; multitudes nevtrdbtecled at all ; some only suspected, and others discharged with out noUo by War Offices and other absurd people.' A strange scene was enacted in an omnibus going from tbe Lonvre to Belleville last week. A well-dressed and decorated gentle man suddenly rose from his place Eod made a formal offer of his heart and hand to a lady seated opposito. He added that his fortune amounted to fifteen million fraud, also tbat ho was a duke Tbe lady, rather scared, hailed the conductor, but in a moment tbe gentleman had seized her by the waist and coveitd her with kisses, The other passen gers tried to rescue her, but the hero of the hour used both list and foot with remarkable energy, and it ultimately took four policemen to secure him. Needless iobsv be wag mad ? the nature of his mental alienation being the now frightfully common one of doxouiauia. Thero is uot a lunatic asylum in Franca that does not shelter a self-created Fope or £m pero'-' not o mcu ion Stkakqe OcccKBEKcE.-One of the roost' remarkable cases of child abandonment that have taken place for a long time last occurred on Wednesday, at Kelly's Holol, in Mel bourne. About half-past 8 o'clock, Mr. Holmes, the landlord of the hotel, preceived a new travel ling bag lying just inside the private door in tbe passage, and mads inquiries as lo tbe owner. When the bag, which was locked, was moved from its position, to tbB astonish ment of those present, tue M'ailing of an iu fant w.iB heard to come from it, and the curiosity to learn all about it was, it is need less to say, thereby intenBitie'l. The police wem immediately communicated with, aud when they arrived the bag was forced 'pen, three months old, which wiu at oucc taken to the receiving bousa at the Royal Park Schools, where the matron announced Hint it was a)] well, aod uone the worse for -its in carceration in the bag, although how it man aged to breathe is a mystery. There was a piece of paper tied to the handle of the bag, and on it was written, iu a female hand, 'Mr. Robertson, St. Hilda Kailwa; st.tiou.' The child was wrapped up in a piece of prey*rincey dre*s. The bag waB perfectly new, and ap- peared to bare been bought for tbe purpose, having the private mark of the shop on its bottom. The police arc making in^ui lies. 