New Protestant Hall. THE ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the Protestant Hall in course of erection in Ann-street was performed by his lordship Bishop Hale on Saturday afternoon. The new hall is being erected on a very central site in the Union estate, at the rear of Dr. Hobba's residence, and will be a very handsome and commodious building. It will be 106 ft deep, with 47ft. frontage to Ann-street. The front will be of two storiea, and the ground floor will be divided into two shops extending back 25ft, separated by a passage or entrance to the hall. The upper floor will consist of two lodge-rooms, each 25ft by 23ft The hall is 75ft long and 46ft. broad, with three exit doors on either Bide, besides the front door, thereby affording good means of escape in case of fire. At the back of the hall a platform or stage will be erected, extending 15ft. There will be large round windows on the sides, and the front will be ornamented and present a fine and elegant appearance. The cost when finished is estimated at £2500. By 4.30 p.m. a large number of people had as sembled at the spot, and the proceedings which followed were watched with great interest. Everything being in readiness, the Rev. E. Qrifpith, on behalf of the Protestant Hall Company, presented Bishop Hale with a hand- Borne silver trowel, suitably inscribed, and mallet, and asked him to lay the foundation-stone of the new halL The Bishop then placed in a cavity of the stone a sealed bottle, and the secretary of the company (Mr. J. A. M'lntjre) read a list of the contents of the bottle. The stone having been laid in the orthodox fashion, his lordship pronounced it " well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Bishop Hale said he held it to be a great honour to be allowed to perform this ceremony, and expressed his thanks for the honour con ferred upon him, and for the extremely hand some present of which he had just been made the recipient. Not only did he regard it as an honour to take part in these proceedings, but he was pleased to do so because he believed the building to be erected would contribute to the well-being of the community who would usei t. He was told it waa to be used for meetings, lectures, and no doubt for a library and reading room, aa well as for a variety of other purposes which would tend to improve the moral and social condition of the people, and raise them intellectually and religiously. They sometimes found that their intentions, however good, went not carried out; but he hoped and believed that in this instance those who had made such strenuous efforts to bring this enterprise to its present stage would persevere and not relax their endeavours, but, with the help of God, continue them, and see that the building after it was erected should be used for those good and valuable purposes for which it was intended. He thought this would be a fitting opportunity to say a few words about the name of the building. There were some people who looked with disfavour upon the word " Pro testant," as expressing something that they were not, instead of something that they were. But if they looked into their dictionaries they would there find a great number of words which, although prescribed in their original meaning, had by long and offioial usage acquired a far more extended but no less definite signification. That was precisely the case with the word " Pro* toatant" This word had now been used for over £00 years in great historical works and official and national documents, and by thi* long usage it hud come to have a definite and decided meaning, and that meaning it had now. If anyone questioned that it had such a definite meaning, he would call their attention to an extract from the coronation oath, whioh sorely would be acknowledged as a document of authority. The Archbishop or Bishop about to administer the oath asked, "Will you to the utmost of your power maintain the laws of Ood, the true profession of the Gospel, and the Protestant Reformed religion T" Who could aay, after that, that the word " Protestant" simply meant that they were not something else T It meant that they were something else ; they knew what it meant, and they intended to stand by it. (Applause.) Then again, it waa said that some people called themselves by one name, and others by something elae. In trying to do good to their fellow-men, they had to take people as they found then), and they found them naturally divided into partite. It was quite aa true in a good sense aa in a bad eons* that " birds of a feather Hook together"—(laughter) —and they did not expect that all wonld have one prescribed mode of thought No such thing would happen in this world. There would be different views and opinions, and people would go one way or the other as they found their minds assimilated. But it did not follow because they were divided in thought that they should have hot and angry feelings towards those who differed from them. They might be on perfectly good terms with those who were not of their own party; and that waa what be hoped all those interested in this building woald bear in mind—that, though they were a party and should stand by their views, and lead others to the same way of thinking if they be lieved those views to be right, they should always entertain kind and charitable feelings towards those who differed from them. He hoped from this building would never go forth any hot words of contention, bat that those who vied it would cherish kindly view* towards all. With these words he pronounced the ceremony finished. Mr. D. P. Milnk then called for three cheers for the Queen, which were heartily given. Mr. A. RtJTLKDoi, M.L.A., in response to calls from the Assemblage, made a few remarks, in which he thoroughly endorsed all that had been said by the Bishop, and expressed his conviction that his lordship s remarks would find an echo in the breasts not only of all Protestants pre sent but of people throughout the length and breadth of the colony. Ie had been said that there was no visible unity between Protestants, but he trusted that the erection of this building would show that there was such a unity. The crowd then dispersed, and the procession was again formed and marched back to the rooms of the Protestant Alliance Society. 