Wti Sttft Immrr, A Prime Minister— A good parson. The worst of collisions— Ruoning into debt. What should we call the public debt?— A national ode. It is unfair to take advantage of a man without front teeth, by calling him a baek-biter. Frugal landlady of boarding-house — ' Cormo.fr. home to dinner, Mr. Brown ?' Hearty boarder — ' Well p'raps, if I don't feel hungry.' Tbe Western grasshoppers are very regular in their habits, eating only one meal ? day. Taia they begin at four o'clock in the morning, and UUUL1HUV lb UUbli UUO UWTC5£nJUUUAJf UUU UU ItUQ follostiEg day. /? There is a young lady in Eeokuk, Iowa, who \ is 6 ft. 4 in. tall, and she is engaged to be 3- married. The man who won her did it in these :; ?words— 'Thy beauty ret my soul aglow— I'd ' wed thee, tight oi wrong ; m&u; wants but Httla here below, but wants th*t little long.' Mrs. Biowb — Lawks, young ladies, I oalla it mjeterus, 'ow if yew dews a 'axf an hour's needlework you're regular knocked up, and yet -^ jew kin play tbat theer lawn tennis fur hoars an hours without bein' tired a bit; bnt then, I 'spects you gits a power of assistance from they theer youi g gents in yer matches 1 ' Barney, where have you been ?' enquired one land Leaguer of another, who was rejoicing in a pair of black eyes and a sore head: ' To Widow Malonej'aball— and an iligant time we had of it. Four fights is fifteen minutes, and knock downs wid the watchman, tbat left bafcone whole nose in the home, and that belonged to the tay kettle. Bedad, tbe likes was nirer to be seen since we waked ouldDonnely.' rrofewor Sharpie* (to Sambo recumbent in tbe open, under direct solar influence) — You lszy fellow ! How cau you lie there, idling; 3 our time away, basking ia the son? Samba (who bas heard a lecture on ' Conservation or! ITtroe') — I-io, Bfah. Not iolinM Iudosserus all de while, SBh. Busy ebaorbin' de 6un's rays. 'Bert} hard at work, eah. locage ob energy, like o e coal. 'Wh; did you send iro such a buzel of apple* ?' indignantly ? xol aimed a man to his grccer. ' What ailed the apples?*' asked th9 grtcer. ' Why, they opened well enough on the top, but grew woree ail the way dovm.' 'Tbe trouble was,' said the grocer, 'that yon opened tbe bwrel at the wrong end. IC yotr had opened the other end first yon would have found tbe apples growing better all the way, down.' A farmer in Linlubgowihire was lately wend ing bis way home one night, just a ' wee thing touched wi' the frost.' He came to a toll-bar, and having one regard to his duty as a rate payer, shouted 'Toll, toll1.' The tollman's wife. came out, and in answer to the farmer's question said the toll was twopenos, but oa looking closely she said, ' out, farmer, whaur'a 3 our horse ? ' ' Dog's on't wife,' said the thun der- etricken farmer, 'if I havens left it at Batbgate '. ' He had travelled seven miles ou foot beforebe misted his *' powney.' 'Pardon me for troubling you, air, but did you drop a sovereign ?' aiked a man with an earnest look on bis face and a memorandum book in his hand, of a well-dressed individual on Lndgate-hill. The man addressed ran bia hands nervously into various pockets and re plied. ' Well, now, I declare! Can it be possible that I was so careless as to drop it ? Yea. it's gone! I must have lost it here, near whtre we stand.' Xfce man opened his memoraudnm book, took from bis vest pocket the stub of s lead pencil, and aaid ' Will you favor me with yonr neme and address ?' They were gives, and the questioner moved on, when the well dressed man cried, 'Hi, there! Whore's tbe moiiey? Give me my sovereign!' 'Oh, I didn't find any money ! I took a notion this ncrnicg that in a city like thi% wfiora thout ands and thousands of pounds are handled every honr, there must be great losses, and started out to investigate the matter. Bot ween here and Charing Cross I found seven mom tbat bad lost sovereigns, and I expeot to ram tbe list up to two hundred before I reach the) buik. Good day, sir!' One day a sturdy peasant in the environs oE Evrenx waa at work in the field, amidst storm and rain, and went home in the evening; thoroughly tired, and drenched to the skin. Ha was met at the door by h-s loiicg wife, who had been at borne all day. 'My dear,' she s-.id, it baa been raining so fiard tnael oould not fetch water, and to I have not been able to meko any acup. As you are wet through, I ?bbll be obliged to you to fetch me a couple at buclieta of water ; jou will not get any wetter.' Xfce argument waa stziking, ao the man took the buokets and fetched some water from the well, which wss at a considerable distance. On reaching the house be found his wife comfort ably seated by the fire ; then, lifting one buokefe after tbe other, he poured both «ver bis kind and considerate partner. ' Now, wife,' aaid he, ' yon are quite aa wet as t am, ao you may aar well fetch water for yourself; you oan't get anjr wetter.' What is the difference bstween a policeman having a glaas of ale onbia beat and a publioan'« licence t Mas u annsing ou uu*y9 buu uie uauoc duty on drinking. Why is a pclloeman like at beUringer? Because heisapealer. When ia he like an intoxicated Irishman? When he is Pat-rolling. 'Why is an experienced oonstabl* like an old backwoodsman ? Because he under stasdstke art of foresting (of arresting). When ia he like a victorious volunteer? When be'a ? got his bull's-eye. What police officer ia like » publicbouse ghost? An inn spectre. When is a policeman like a solicitor? When he chargea a prisoner. When Is he like a chess player ? When he takes a man up and moves another on to the next square. Why is he like a pistol? Because be makes a report when he goes off — duty. Why are the metropolitan police like the River Thames ? Bemuse they fill the Iiondon Dock*. How is it that a policeman is seldom more than a month in the form before he ob tains a watch? Give it up. Dou'tknow. Too personal.— Judy. A oonespendent of a French paper, comment ing on the number ef ' mysterious dimppaar aneee' constantly occurring, not only in Francs, but also in England, starts a curious theory. Ha maintains that death occasionally ii actual dis solution. Persona attacked by this form of decease suffer no previous illness, have no warn ing of their approaching end. butsuddenly cease to ezkt, sad as immediately fade from sight. He enerta that some years ago he actually witnessed tbia phenomenon. He was out walk ice with a friend, with whem he was engaged in »n interesting disomslou on a political quea tion of the day, when instantaneously his com panion vfnisbed, and from that hour to Che [.resent time bas never reappeared. He has iittle doubt that many of the missing per»B« so fcDxiouily searched for by their friends and by tbe police have in like manner ' meltad in :o tbin air.' At the moment oi his friend's disappear ance a strong sulphurous cdoor pervaded the atmosphere around ; but beyond tbia nothing lemarbablewasto ba observed. The quettton is, bo tbibks, wottby of mediu*! wvf st^wo. On tte cthtr band, it is ju.t possible Oii^in the instance mentiooDd tbe mining row nw tave bnv.mi.io tbo«ouRhl- b»teA by tUe political tiitoonian th»t be silently sl-DjK-d aw*y, and cevtr »gain ditdutcd Limstli lor fear ot its lenewaL ? 