A Ghost Story. [Prom All the Year Round.] What follows is given in the words of the lady herself, Miss Jones, now Mrs, Harford, of Stapleton Manor House near Bristol. " I live in a large, rambling, old house in the country, built some time in the fourteenth century, according to a date found on an old beam in the roof some years ago by a workman who was em ployed to repair it. The two lower floors are wainscoted, and a blow on the walls causes a hollow sound, suggestive of places of concealmeut, which doubtless would be discovered if the panels were removed. The house has the character of being haunted. Indeed, strange and unacconntable noises are at times heard in various parts of it. Singular lights have also been seen, not only by the domestics, but by visitors. I shall, however, confine myself to one instance, of which I was a spectator. The bedroom, which I still occupy, where this circumstance took place, is on the third floor, It is a large' room with bow windows, and at that time contained two beds An invalid sister and I shared the larger and another sister occupied the smaller bed. We always burned a night-light in the room. At the end of October, in the year 1854, I was one night awakened suddenly by some noise, and being perfectly awake, I saw a female figure pass slowly across the foot of the bed, going towards the wiudows. It moved so deliberately that I had time to consider who it could be while it was before my eyes. A slight figure, and a fair sad face, dressed in a white cap, and apparently a white nightdress. It was sufficiently like the sister in my bed to make me think it was she, as I had no idea of its being anything supernatural; and I only thought she was taken ill. But I checked the intention I felt at first to speak to her, as she had a great dislike to being watched, and turned round, not to have the appearance of doing so, when to my surprise and alarm I saw her calmly sleeping by my side. I then got immediately out of bed, and carefully searched the room. The door was bolted, and I looked behind the curtains. This room is papered, and there was no place of concealment where any one could hide, then saw that my other sister also was quietly sleeping. I did not like to wake my sisters, fearing to alarm the invalid, but I mentioned the circumstance the next day, though, of course, no one could offer any suggestion on the subject, as none but myself had seen the figure. Some years afterwards I again saw the same apparition standing by my bed, and apparently gazing at me. I was then alone, and immediately started up, when it disappeared. -" I afterwards heard that a new servant, who had arrived at the house only the previous night, had seen a similar figure, and I believe on that morning. She had risen a little after 5 o'clock to get through her work, when she heard a door open near to which she was passing, and saw a female Jigure dressed in white come out of the door, and pass along the passage leading to my bedroom. It was about 5 o'clock that 1 saw the apparition by my bed, but being in February, the morning was still dark. When the housekeeper heard the girl relate the circumstance, she tried to persuade her that she had seen one of the servants coming out of the room ; but she persistently declared it did not resemble any one in the house. I have not heard of the same apparition having been seen by any person since that time, though noises still continue to disturb at times the members of onr household." . A SUBP&is;&.->-01d Mr. Thadwalliger, who swore" off on New Year's Eve, went home sober-the other night, and was so astonished when he put in his night key, and opened the front door with perfect ease at the first trial, that he kicked himself off the front steps and out of the garden, and chased himself down a couple of streets for a burglar. He says a man's life isn't safe on his own premises these times. TTNBUSINESSLIKK TERMS.—A vendor .of hair invigorator called at the store of a- bald busiuess man and urged the merits of his preparation, saying he would guarantee it to cover that bald spot -with a luxuriant growth of hair ' within a few weekss: " Well," said the bald man, " I will take a bottle of the invigorator, and if it accomplishes what you promise I will send you your dollar and a lock of the hair." 