THE VISIT OF THE BISHOJ^OP BALLABA.T. The Bithop of Ballarat conducted a confirma tion service in the church connected with St. Peter's College ou Saturday morning, 12th lust. There were seventeen mtln and thro* fumaln communicants. The Bev. W. B. Stanford, MA., read tbe prayers, and the Bishop was accom panied by the Hev. O. O. Klcnm, BA- The Biahop of Adelaide was absent through illness. The officiating Bishop, before administering the rite of confirmation, addressed the communicants briefly but earnestly. He reminded them that the occasion wai one of the most solemn which had occurred or would occur in their historv. They were about to renew their bap tismal vows before God and His Church and the world to solemnly resolve by Divine help to avoid wrongdoing. He was there to represent the Church, to receive tbe communicants to her full fellowship, and to invoke upon them th« benediction of the Moat High. He hoped they were earnest in their intentions — indeed, he could scarcely con ceive of even tbe hardest and most apathetic heart not being touched on confirmation day ; but they could not enter into the intense feel ing which moved a Bishop aa be took parr In that rite. He had never taken part in it with out a trembling while he did so— a sort of fear, a fiort of anxiety ; and that fear, that anxiety, that trembling he dared say was shared in some measure by tbe audience, and in a greater by the candidates for confirmation. Why should they tremble? why should they fear?' It waa because of the question whether the earnest ness the communicants felt that day would continue, whether the solemn pledge about to be made would be kept inviolate ? They were going forth into a world so swarming with spiritual perils that it would be impossible for any one to keep from falling without Divine help. Over in his diocese at Ballarat there was a spot where the coast trended away to Cape Otway, presenting a line of jagged rocks and towering cliffs against which tbe waves dished so furiously as to caute the earth to vibrate. He felt that day as though he were standingon those cliffs and seeing a fleet of frail skiffs putting off the shore throwing their sails to the breeze. And be |pnt to him self the question, *? Bow will they go ?' ' The coast-line waa dotted with tell-tale wreckage, marking the places where many a good ship had gone to the bottom. Ho w^would the little boats fare Y Wonld the friends of the communicants havethe hamiliationof seeing them treading the broad path of self-satisfied spiritual sloth and negligence, withdrawing themselves from holy Influence*, yielding to some secret sin, infected by the unbelief of the day, or experiencing the bitter heritage of the backslider or the awful portion of tbe hvDocrite? Those were not impossible contingencies, because many a hope ful communicant bad proved to be merely an unfulfilled promiser. It was meet, then, that they should tremble for the future. The young men of Australia had to make their way iato the perilous regions of self-rale and indepen dence much earlier than bad the young men at home; and it was little, after all, that could be done for the communicants after that day by others. Bven the Ohuroh could not do much. There were rites whiob were not always wholesome for healthy and courageous souls, however good they were some times. No wonder that some quailed at the thought of what was before the communicants, and enquired, ' Why do you ask oon&rmees; to make such solemn promises as these ?' He had, to provide an answer to that question, selected a text which he asked the communicants to remember to their dying day, for the passage was charged with force and appropriateness. The Biahop then read the text (Cor. II xii., 9)—' My grace is sufficient for thee.' He did not base a sermon upon the words, but 'broke them up as the diggers did quartz rooks, thus better to get at the gold.' What the force* of nature were in the physical world so was the Grace of God in the spiritual. Both were suffi cient for their purpose. The words had a per sonal application, and it was because of that promise they contained that the Church sent with prayerful confidence communicants out to battle with the world, the flesh, and the devil. At St. Peter's Cathedral on Sunday f second in Lent), special services were conducted— matins in the early morning, and ordination service and Holy Communion at 10.30, the preacher being the Bev. A. Dendy, D.D. In the evening the Bishop of Ballarat conducted service, in presence of a congregation which filled the Cathedral to overflowing, Tbe Bishop, who was assisted in the service by Dr. Dendy. D.D., and the Kev. C. C. Elcurn, B.A., took as text (Revelation v. 0) 'They sang a newjsoag, saying Thou art worthy.' He began with a reference to the old song, which eight oenturies before Isaiah had heard when he was so favoured as to catch a glimpse of the glory in the presence of the Most High. Bat bioce then Christ's redemption of the world had given the engelic choir a new theme, and the old song had given place to the new, ascribing, honour to the Second Person in the Trinity. This led to a comparison of heavenly with earthly worship. It was clearly wrong (said the preacher) to stigmatize all newly introduced forms in the Church services, yet such forms were spoken of as innovations, and those by whom they were adopted as having a fondness for display and new-fangled notions. He repeated that it was wrong to stigmatize thus a desire for legitimate change in Church worship. The heavenly Church had adopted a new soDg ; why should not the earthly, if the altered circumstances of modern times rendered it desirable? The Bishop then delivered an able address upon the three natural divisions of the text. During the service the following hymn, written oy the preacher, was sung to mnsio composed by Mr. Boult, organist at the Cathedral.— Choral Hymn to th« Blishkd Tbikitt. Triune God ! Thy praise to dog Every voice conspire forever, K»tur^*ll her mane bring. Art of nan her best endeavour ; Every height ita antfaem wtk«, Every deep its aniwer make 1 All the earth doth wonbip Thee. Lord of laud, a&d; sir, and ocean ; With bowed head and bending knee, Sjmbol of tbe heart's devotion. All Thy Church glad homage pays. , . lifting high the note ot praise. ' * ' ? Unto Thee, in load refrain, ! ' ''' ' Lo the ,ull- toned choir rejoices, : And the organ lUta amain All her multitude of voices ; Ah ! what rapture 'Us to ling In thy praise. EUnml King ! O thiL as the inbreath'd wind Thrills dumb pipes to sounds of sweetness, Every heuf a voice might find — All our souls be tuned to meetnesi Forth* heavon-tanght song they poor Ia Thy presence evermore I 'Mid Thy glory, far above Yonder aky that arches o'er as, Seraphs, fired with sinless love, Chant in never-oeuing cbortu, Than tbe harpmora tuneful far, Louder than Thy thunders an 1 ' Higher yet one strain shall rise Dearer to the ear of heaven Thro' the concert of the skies Fierce tbe songs of the forgiven ; And the laved shout louder praise E'en than angels skill to raiso ! Holy, holr, holy Lord ! Thon, who all from nothing spakeit ; Thou whose blood for man was poured ; Who do&d; souls to life airakeit ; In Thy name is all our boast, Father, Bon, and Holy Ghost! Tbe tone was iu harmony with the sentiment, &nd; the piece was so well sung by the choir that the Bishop took oncasiion at t.ho closa of the service to compliment them. Ho also reminded them of the importance of the part they took in the church service. As iu ancient religious observances singing was an especial feature, so was it now ; anl tbono who took part in the singing of praise to God kIiouM iuf uso enrnbstness and the true spirit o[ worthip into their songi, thnB arousing the fmour of the congregation and intensity iitg the solemnity and acceptance of the Bcrvicp. A coLfirmution service will be condaoted in the Catbeur&l; this cvtning. 