"Moi, je veux regner par i' effrot"—CHARLES BAUDELAIRE. The Doom of Claudius and Cynthia. IT seems impossible to reach the apex of [?]agedy without at last calling on Death to aid in the work. This is to be explained, pre sumably, by the fact that death is the catastrophe <p Nature, and Nature is at best a tragedy. Bat how can we realise this catastrophe? Who shall ever answer the awful question ? Possibly, at supreme points, when tho soul, in some ineffable exigency, hovers a moment over the abysm of infinite terror, the human mind may catch a mere twinkle, so to speak, of the vast flame of death ; but the descriptive power of our language seems worthless when it is re quired to compass the horrible height and breadth and depth of the mystery of the final change. One frequently sees the phrase—"idea of Death;" but it is only now and then that suddenly, like a besom from some vast charnel land, with a voice never before heard, and a sound of destroying wings, rushes upon one the dim, bewildering, appalling phantom of that idea. The skeleton man with the scythe is not the true figure of Death. No artist ever dared attempt to limn the monster. No eye has ever studied bis outlines or proportions. So-called philosophers and moralists, it is true, from the remotest timeß have felt it their duty to speak pleasantly, even gaily, of this last great step into the dark. Men have schooled themselves to meet with a visible joy the most revolting formß of death, stepping with quick feet and a clever show of cheerfulness through the dark gate into the strange Beyond. But it has never been demonstrated with certainty that such joy and willingness is more than apparent or deeper than the face, or that the soul of the victim is not, in every case, frozen with terror. It is clear that death has two formß of frightfulness for the human—the form of ultimate physical agony and the form of doubt in its awfullest shape. The latter form ia never considered in emergency. It is the Bpectre of reflective moments. The former comes involuntarily, at moments of infinite peril, and around it swarm all the regrets, the loves, the aspirations, and the glories of this world. Death ia, in that case, a suddenly risen monster with power to excite with a storm of fear the fountains of life into a white foam of horror. No doubt the natural way for death to come is by the slow process of old age—a gradual wasting of the body and the life together, until finally, in the mere flickering of the last breath, and the closing flutter of the pulse, there re mains no power, no capacity of Buffering. Some pretend to believe that, after all, death is more to be dreaded as an idea than aa a reality. With this idea we have to do at pre sent. We will regard it as a great ghost of all horrors. Let us view it as coming to the young and vigorous—coming slowly at first, creeping on before their eyes, irrevocably, then with a great rush plunging upon them. In the highest lift of mathematical reasoning, where the calculus of differentiation takes the mind so far that it hovers on the very point of infinite expression, where, quick as thought, after a Btrong wrestle with the vanishing theory, one grasps the ulti mate change and passes to the limit, is found the beat idea of death if one could only clothe it in horror as concentrated and condensed as its logic. But thiß would only be natural death. Death by force has no parallel; it cannot be idealised. We desire to understand the effect of death coming upon the Bane and happy with notice, but without time for preparation. It will be recollected that De Quincey has pictured a "Vision of Sudden Death." Let our picture be one where Death hovers over or stands before hifl victim a while, with hideous art adding delay to all his terrors. There must be the element of utter certainty of doom—no possibility of escape, not even a chance for resistance. Death must come like ageß of torture condensed into a few lingering momenta of supreme Buspense, with some feints and horrible dallyings with the catastrophe. In De Quincey's " Vision of Sudden Death" the monster swoops down upon two lovers without warning. It is a moment of ecstatic fright—a sudden whirlwind of utter horror. But this does not serve our turn. Our lovers, younger and more beautiful than those of the opium'B-eater's vision, really lived, breathed, and suffered. Death came stalking up to them slowly, mercilessly, irrevocably. They had time to comprehend him fully, if such a thing is ever possible. They were snatched up, too, betwixt the marriage altar and the nuptial bed and placed confronting Death, with all the certainty of fate in the awful circumstances, and with not a remote hope of escape to soften the exigency. We shall have to go back a few hundreds of years to a time in the world's life when tyranny had nothing to fear, and when death was often as picturesque as it was revolting and terrible. It was in the mid-Bplendour of the reign of the Emperor Commodus. The rumour was abroad in Home that on a certain night a most startling scene would be enacted in the Circus. No one could say where this rumour had originated, nor could the precise nature of the approaohiDg spectacle be ascertained. That it would be blood curdling in the last degree was taken by every one for granted. Emissaries of Commodus had industriously sown about the streets hints too vague to take definite form, calculated to arouse great interest. The result was that on the night in question the vast building was crowded at an early hour. The Roman Circuß was founded and in great part built by Tarquinius Priscus ; but after his time it was added to and decorated until it be came a wonder of architectural art. It took its name from the elliptical form of its inclosing wall, and stood between the Aventine and Pala tine hills, its greatest length being 2187£ ft, and its greatest width a little more than a third of its length. Fori, or seats of stone and wood ran all round the vast wall, rising one above another, sufficient to Beat 380,000 persons. Here Corn modus and many tyrants before him had often called the Romans to witnsss exoiting scenes, varying in their nature from gladiatorial contest* to naval engagements on artificial seas, from horse-races to tiger- fights, and spectacles too hideously revolting to be mentioned in these ea lightened days. Along the middle of the floor of the Circus ran a low brick wall called the tpina, which reached almost from end to end of the arena. All the seats were filled with people eager to witness some harrowing scene of death. Commodus himself, surrounded by a great number of his favourites, sat on a high richly cushioned throne prepared for him about midway one Bide of the vast inclosure. All was still, as if the multitude were breathless with expectancy. Presently, out from one of the openings a young man and a young woman—a mere girl—their hands bound behind them, were led forth upon the sand of the arena and forced to walk around the entire circumference of the place. The youth was tall and nobly beautiful, a very Hercules in form, an Apollo in grace and charm of movement. The girl was petite and lovely beyond compare. His hair was blue-black and crisp, and a young Boft beard curled over his cheek and lips. Her hair was pure gold, falling to her feet and trailing behind her as she walked. His eyes were dark and proud, hers gray and deep as thoße of a goddess. Both were nude, excepting a short kirtle reaching to near the knee. They seemed to move half unconscious of their surroundings, all bewildered and dazzled by the situation. At length the great circuit was completed and the two were left Btanding on the sand, distant about 120 ft. from the emperor, who now arose and in a loud voice said : " Behold the condemned Claudius, and Cynthia, whom he lately took for his wife. This youth and this girl hare not yot pressed the nuptial couch. They nover wilL They are condemned to death for the great folly of Claudius, that the Roman people may know that Commodus reigns supreme. The crime for which they are to die is a great one. Claudius has publicly pro claimed that he is a better archer than I, Cominodua, am. I ant the emperor and the incomparable archer of Home. Whosoever disputes it dies and his wife dies with him. It is decreed 1" This strange speech was repeated, sentence after sentence, by criers placed at intervals around the wall, so that every person in that vast crowd heard every word. No one, however, was astonished at the infamous deed in con templation. Too often had Commodus, for the moßt trivial offence or for no offence at all, hurried Roman citizens to bloody death. And, indeed, why should a multitude schooled to take keen delight in gladiatorial combats ever shudder at anything ? But it was enough to touch the heart of even a Roman to Bee the tender innocence of that fair girl'a face aa she turned it up in speechless, tear* less, appealing grief and anguish to her husband's. Her pure bosom heaved and quivered with the awful terror suddenly generated within. The youth, erect and powerful, Bet his thin lips firmly and kept his eyes looking straight out before him. Among the on-lookers many knew him as a trained athlete, and especially as an almost un erring archer. They knew him, too, as a brave soldier, a true friend, an honourable citizen. Little time remained for such reflections as naturally might have arisen, for immediately a large cage, containing two fiery-eyed and famished tigers, was brought into the Circus and placed before the victims. The hungry beasts were ex cited to madness by the smell of fresh blood smeared on the bars of the cage for that purpose. They growled and howled, lapping their fiery tongues and plunging against the door. Th« poor girl leaned her head against th« naked breast of her lover and uttered a thin short waiL His eyes did not change their firm stare, but the mighty mußoles of his arms rolled up and quivered as he strained at the thongs in an effort to burst them, and his lips writhed into each other. He was beginning to realise that death was near him—and ah, near her ! If only his hands were free and his good sword withiu reach, how joyfully he would battle for her against all the tigers in the world! But thiß certain death, how could he bear it? These beasts to munch her tender body and delicate limbs ! —her true heart to quiver in their fangs ! How supremely bitter a thing to helplessly con template ! And ahe, —the trembling lily by his side, —she thought only of him, as the man who kept the beasts began from his safe place on the high cage, to unfasten the door and thus to let loose Death. Four long bounds of those agile monsters would bear them to the victims. Slowly the iron bolts were withdrawn and the door swung round. Nothing but thin air lay between the hungry red mouths and the uude defenceless bodieß. For some moments the tigers did not move, excepting that they seemed rather to writhe crouchingly backward instead of ad vancing, as if shrinking from the devilish deed they were appointed to accomplish. There was no shrinking in their blood-shot eyes, however, and their slight recoil was but to gather them selves for the rush to the feast. A murmur ran all round that vast ellipse—a murmur of remonstrance and disgust; for now every one caw that the spectacle was to be a foul murder without even the show of a struggle. The alert eyes of Commodus were bent upon the crouching beasts. At the same time he noted well the restlessness and disappointment of the people. He understood his subjects and knew how to excite them. He was preparing to do a deed by whioh he hoped to elicit great applause. His triumph came like a thunderbolt, and in a twinkling all was changed. The limbs of the poor girl had begun to give way under her and she was slow If sinking to the ground. This seemed greatly to affect the man, who, without lowering his fixed eyea, tried to support her with his body. Despite his efforts she slid down and lay in a helpless heap at his feet. The lines on his manly face deeponed and< a slight ashy pallor flickered on brow and eye lids. But he did not tremble. He stood like a statue of Hercules. Then a sound came from the cage whioh no words can ever describe—the hungry howl, the clashing teeth, the hissing breath of the tigers •long with a sharp clang of the iron bars Bpurned by their rushing feet. The Circuß fairly shook with the plunge of Death toward its victims. Suddenly, in this last moment, the maiden, by a great effort, writhed to her feet and covered the youth's body with her own. Such love I It should have sweetened death for that young man. How white his face grows! How his •y«s flame, immovably fixed upon the coming demons! Those who have often turned up their thumbs in this place for men to die now hold their breath in utter disgust and sympathy. Look for a brief time upon the picture: fifty thousand faces or more thrust forward gazing ; — the helpless couple, lost to everything but the blacks horrors of death, quivering from foot to crown. Note the spotless beauty and the un selfish love of the girl. Mark well the stern power of the young man's face. Think of the marriage tows just taken—of the golden bowl of bliss a moment ago at their young lips. Think how sweet life must be to them on the threshold of their honeymoon. And now, oh! now, look at the bounding flaming-eyed tigers I See how one leads the other in the awful race to the feast! The girl is nearer than the man. She will feel the claws and fangs first. How wide those red frothy mouths gape! How the red tongues loll! The sand flies up in a cloud from the armed feet of the leaping brutes. There came from the place where Commodus stood a clear musical note Buch as might have come from the gravest cord of a lyre if power* fully etricken, oloßely followed by a keen, far reaching hiss, like the whisper of fate, ending in a heavy blow. The multitude caught breath and stared. The foremost tiger, while yet in mid-air, curled itself up with a gurgling cry of utter pain, and, with the blood gushing from its eyes, ears, and mouth, fell heavily down dying. Again the sweet insinuating twang, the hiss, and the stroke. The Becond beast fell dead or dying upon the first. This explained aIL The emperor had demonstrated his right to be called the Royal Bowman of the world. Had the tyrant been content to rest here, all would have been welL While yet the beasts were faintly struggling with death, he gave orders for a shifting of the scene. He was insatiable. For the first time during the ordeal the youth's eyes moved. The girl, whose back was turned towards the beasts, was still waiting for the crushing horror of their assault A soldier, as directed, now approached the twain, and, Beizing an arm of each, led them Borne paces farther away from the emperor, where he Btationed them facing each other and with their sides to Commodus, who was prepar ing to shoot again. Before drawing his bow, however, he cried aloud : " Behold ! Commodus will pierce the centre of the ear of each !" As before, the cry was caught up by other voices and echoed around the vast place. The lovers were gazing into each other's eyes, still as statues, as if frozen by the cold fascination of death. In the few next following moments they must have lived a long life of horror. Some of the most observant onlookers saw a pink flush tinge the small delicately turned ear of the maiden, as if the blood were gathering there to be ready to gush from the hideous wound of the arrow. The youth saw this, too, and his eyes glittered with an agouy fiercer than any death-throe. No doubt he was waiting to Bee her die, knowing full well that Commodus would not bo likely to forego the refined pleasure of killing her first. The excitement of the spectators reached the last degree when the gieat horn bow was again raised. A very halo of beauty seemed to quiver and shine around the girl's head. A nameless, frigid fear was at last mastering the noble youth. His eyes were beginning to waver, his lips to twitch convulsively. O Death! here is thy victory! Thou canst make coward* of us all by attacking our loved ones ! It is all well enough for men to court thee in the roar and rushing of the floods of battle, and call it heroism, —it is well enough for a Socrates to meet thee grimly as he did, —for a Nero, even, to accept thee in his own way,—but love, love only, can flash into thino awful eyes the immitigable torment, the unbear able terror ! WBat a consummate mastery of the subject of revenge was evinced by Commodus through the whole of this spectacle! In it possible to imagine a more subtle diabolism ? I think not. Let us dissect the plan of procedure. It begins, very naturally, in a moat trivial matter. The emperor was quite easily flattered, and more easily insulted. Especially desirous of being accounted the best swordsman and the most fearless gladiator in Rome, he still "better enjoyed the reputation of being the incomparable archer. With a view to thw, he had assiduously trained himself so as to be able, in various public places, to give Btartliog exhibitions of his skill with the bow and arrows. Often in the Circus he had shot off an ostrich's hoad while the bird was running at full speed across the arena in view of the astonished multitudes, and the, historians say that sometimes, so sheerly and evenly waa the head severed from the neck, the decapitated trunk would continue running for several paces, all headless and Bpouting blood. Sometimes he chose to plant his shafts in the eyes oi his victims or above their ears, where they re mained sticking like tufted horns, and, so accu rate was his aim, his execution seemed perfeot No archer had ever been able to compete with him. This success had rendered him a mono* maniac on the subject of archery, affecting him so deeply, indeed, that he cared more for his fanje sa a consummate bowman than for the rfjjgnity and honour of his dame and responsi bility as emperor of Rome. This being true, it can well be understood how Claudius, by publicly boastin" that he was a better Archer than Corn mod it <, u&d; brought upon himself the calamity of a;<.iUtc execution. But not even Nero could have tLiMight of bringing the girl to death for the fault of her lover. Commodus was tho master try an' en" fieud. Claudius and his bride had been rreauj'l together at their nuptial feast and dragg! I ♦•> B«fwv*te dnngeona to await the em peror' o vnV. >t course they expected to be de k voured by '<»- nets when they were loosed M 'the Circuit; bet C< mmodus chose to exhibit ids superior skill i * > ->ung man by striking down toe rushing UjMjfo a*, they were on the point of doi\g their :i!Uy wuik. He well kuew how douOjv terriUW*Mth becomes when, baffled for a white, he i\ F*wvhjfe soul-chilling attack upon the victim. A k \ispun*», an artful shifting of the time and tbr. attdn* <>{ death, would seem to-be of the essence of ar^rf^riiy thrillingcata*> trpph*. \ And now the end was "-• r.\ All around that vast apace, tier above tier, fch* iwl&jd; '•}<*« of the spectators rose to a dizzy L*%^ , -u .ning by their ghastly glow to blend a ftnu%» V, with, the fierce glare of the flambeaux, no int^e wik: their excitement. Eve^y soul in Hn» in .liiAWT: was for the time suspended above the at ,yt»ai ot; destruction, realising the feebleness of Life, the potency of Death. Commodus drew his bow with tremendous power, fetching the cord back to his breast, where for a moment it was held without the faintest quiver ot % musole. His eyes were fixed, and cold as iteeL The polished broad head of the arrow shone like a diamond. One would have thought that the breathing of a breath could have been heard across the Circus. While yet tho pink flush burned on Jhe deli cate ear of the girl, and while the bush of the Circus deepened infinitely, out rang the low note of the great weapon's recoil. The arrow fairly shrieked through the air, so Bwift was its flight. What words can ever suggest an idea of the torture crowded into that point of time betwixt the ringing of the bow-cord and the striking of the arrow ? The youth, particularly, was shaken with a sudden wild ecstasy of horror. As when a whirl wind, leaping from a balmy summer calm, stirs a sleeping pool into a white-foamed spiral flood, so Death had at last torn up the fountain of his soul. It was more than death when the arrow had done its work with her. The girl, thrilled with iaeffible pain, flung up her white arms above her head, the rent thongs flying away in the paroxysm of her fiual struggle. Hers was a slight body, and the arrow, not per ceptibly impeded by the mark, struck in the sand beyond, and glancing thence whirled far away and raug on the bricks of the spiaa. Something like a divine smile unshed across her face along with a startling pallor. Again the bow- string rang, arid the arrow leaped away to its thrilling work. What a surge the youth made ! It was as if Death had charged him with omnipotence for the second. Tho cord leaped from his wrists —ho clasped the falling girl in his embrace All eyes saw tho arrow hurtling along the sand, after its mission was done. A suppressed moan from a multitude of lips filled the calm air of the Circus. Locked for one brief moment in each other's arms, the quivering victims wavered on their feet, then sank down upon the ground. Com modus stood like Fate, leaning forward to note the perfectness of his execution. His eyes blazed with the eager heartless fire of triumph. Now, here ij the dinoucment. Eveu the most exacting modern critic could find nothing further to desire in the catastrophe of a tragedy. The fated lovers lay iv awful agony, locked iti the strong embrace of a deathless passion. No hand dared separate them; no lip dared whisper them a last farewell. The place might have been a vast tomb, for all the sign of life it contained. The circles of countless facea were like those of the dead. The two tigers lay in their blood where they had fallen, each with a broad-headed arrow through the ppinal cord, at the point of its juncture with the brain. Tho emperor's aim had been absolutely accurate. Instant paralysis and quick death had followed his shots. But the crowning event of the occasion was revealed at the last. Pale and wild-eyed, their faces pinched and shrivelled, the youth and the maid dtart^d, with painful tottering* and weak clutch'^ga at the air, and writhed to their feet, where they stood staring at each other in a way to chill the blood oi any observer. Theu, as it attracted by some irresistible fascination, they turned their mute Bunkeu faces toward Commoduß. Want a look 1 Why did it not freeze him dead where he Btood ? 41 Lead them out and Bet them free!" cried the emperor, in a loud heartless voice. " Lead them out and tell it everywhere that Commodus is the Incomparable Bowman !" And then, when all at once it was discovered that be had not hurt the lovers, but had merely cut in two with bis arrows the corda that bound their wriatß, a great stir began, and out from a myriad overjoyed and admiring hearts leaped a storm of thanks, while with clash and bray of musical instruments, and with voices like the voices of winds and boob, and with a clapping of hands like the rending roar of tempests, the vast Rudienco arose as one person and applauded the emperor! 