REFORM. The largest Protestant denomination is soon to hold its Synod. We earnestly put before its members the necessity of some reform in the formularies, , the vagueness of which give a handle to Romanizers, and haB led to such evil consequences at home. But the constitution of the Church of Eng land, as now acknowledged by act of local legislature, are unfortunately, so framed, that there is no opportunity of reform until they themselves are reformed. They pledge that body, as a condition of hold ing and dealing with its property — churches, parsonages, <bc., not to alter any thing until it be altered by competent authority in England. It is generally un derstood that this promise was rivetted like a shackle on the Church, by the agency of Mr. A. Gordon, as Chancellor, and it is one of the many disastrous and mistaken measures, for which we are indebted to his influence with the Ecclesiastical heads. Instead of the Church of England Synods afford ing to the Church in Australia a healthy freedom to right herself, after being loosed from the tutelage of the State, matters are so manipulated that the chains are heavier than before. If certain por tions of the formularies have been found in England to be an excuse for the sacerdotal superstition, and State Establishment has made reform impossible ; reform is made equally impossible here, by a local Act ; and if, by distance, the chief Pro testant denomination escapes the English Act of Uniformity, and the provincial canons of 1603, it is loaded with a heavier chain, by what is called " The Church Act," — an Act of the Old Council, prior to representative government. Any act of synod is void, ipso facto, if it is opposed to anything in this act. How does it work ? 1\. This little arrangement of the Con stitutions' Act, maintains for ever, all that has proved so disastrous at home. We take an instance : There is no doubt that the whole pretence of the Romanizing party is based on the commission in the ordination, as given by the Bishop, to the newly ordained presbyter. : " Receive ye the Holy Ghost, for the office of and work of a priest in the Church of God, now committed unto thee, by the imposition of our hands. Whose sins thou dost forgive, they are forgiven : and whose sins thou dost retain, they are retained." Many of our Bishops know well that they have no authority to give the Holy Ghost for any such purpose ; no do they believe that these young men can forgive sin, ex cept such as every inan may forgive, namely : injuries committed against them selves. Yet they are content to go on using the words, saying, that they use. them in a certain ecclesiastical sense, which is too often different from common sense. The people who listen, however, are not> theologians ; and some of the pres byters so addressed, take their Lordships' words in: the natural meaning, as most to .their own taste; and forthwith perform such fantastic tricks before high heaven, as would make even angels weep. It is such words, and others which follow suit, that have led to the present corruption of the English Church, and has, at length, brought out a long-desired " Reformed Church of England," with its Bishops and Clergyj and large bodies of laity. It is the same cause which will produce the same effects here. - . The " priests " are already united in. a . conspiracy to unprotcstantize the. Church, and the Bishopsaffect to treat them with impartiality; that is to en courage traitors and loyal men alike ; the former, in practice, somewhat more. If the process just goes a little further, and no opportunity is left to reform the formu laries, we shall have here very soony a daughterof thereformed Church ofEngland, in oommunionwitli its bishops and people at home ; and the prayer-book of that Church, the present book purged of the priestly elements, shall be . found acceptable to a j truly protestarit laity. How much .better i repeal the' clause in the Constitutions Act, ; which prevents amendment, and . let the old Church, reform itself. 2\. The other shackle — the Ch urch Act, if strictly observed, would work out utter confusion, but we can get on somehow, by habitually breaking it. It prescribes that every Church, to which £300 has been voluntarily subscribed, shall be adminis tered by churchwardens, elected partly by seatholders ; and makes illegal the omission of these officers in the Cathedral, and the absence of appropriated seats in St. Peter's, St. Barnabas', and other churches. - It pre scribes that the seat rents, so collected, must be applied solely to the salaries of lay officers, and to the fabric and pro perty, church buildings, &c.;, to the exclu sion of any stipend for the minister. There are many similar objections to it, which are only got over by simply disobeying them, but, for some reason of their own, any onei who proposed the repeal of that Act, has had to incur the displeasure of the' ecclesiastical powers that be. It is very strange that when 'Mr. Gordon was pressing the Government of the day for the .passing of the Act embodying the Consti tutions and legalising the Synods, when examined as to the reason which rendered such an Act necessary, he gave as his reason, the unsatisfactory character of the Church Act, and the necessity for- its Lre- peak Since his object was gained,- :he : has \- always, with Bishop and others, clung to the Church Act with the tenacity of love. Two or three little forlorn hopes of undue authority are enshrined there which could hot at thiB day,- be expected in any new regulation framed by the Synod. So let confusion reign, they say, rather than arbi trary power should appear to be weakened. In reality, they are mistaken, and the con fusion is retained without the power. The ex-Chancellor reads laws' with spectacles of his own tinting ; and tinting them to the wish of the Bishops, he has flattered them with imaginary authority, and allured them pleasantly to declare them selves despotic. 