WHO WERE THE FAIRIES? [COItXHILL MAGAZINE.] (Concluded prom ouu Last.) From these causes, and from others which will come to be mentioned hereafter, the cha racter of the fairies gradually improved. From tho first their small size made them compara tively harmless ; and, as the possession of an amulet practically turned them from spiteful little enemies into familiars and assistants, it ih easy to see how they should at last grow almost beneficent in temper, though remaining to tho last mischievous and frolicsome. In country places they were always more or less dreaded, and this dread caused them to bo spoken of in enphonistic terms, as the 'little people,' and the ' good ipeople,' whioh latter expression strikingly reminds us of tho-Latin manes, 'the kind ones.' iTlib-ouphbmism may often have been accepted !literalfyi,andiso.may have helped to gain for itho'fairies.Q-'.'. b'ettervcharactcr ; but two other icauses^mustOiaveilargdly co-operated in produc iingi-thiseffecte. In : thbufirst place tho Eoman hnanas-- were', certainly:/ ancestral ghoBts, the .spirits:oWeadinenv.oppnly recognised as such ; ?and'HvheivweTecoUoatthhtuMny of the Iberians ilived onjintO'Odltioand English times — for tho !darkiliaired. I ppopfb of Walos and Ireland, as Iwelliw-ofrmanjr.country districts in England, iretain) unmistakable evidence of mixed Iberian jblbod— itt Beema not unlikely that, in the Imouths* off one section of tho community at !lonat; Iho terra ' good folks' might really mean :what';it- says — helpful ancestral spirits: tho lowerand enslaved classes might look upon the fairies to some extent as friendly ghosts, while their masters looked upon them as spiteful, though impotent, enemies. Wo know that witchcraft, which is closely connected with the elf superstition, has always been practised by tho very lowest class, and in tho Anglo-Saxon laws it is generally mentioned as a crime peculiar to serfs. In the second place, tho possession of some object which had once belonged to the elves was so common that many persons must have held the elves in their power, and so regarded them in tho light of mere auxiliaries or familiar spirits. In most fairy tale3 the presence of the fairy is secured by rubbing a charm — a ring or amulet ; the former being, perhaps, one of tho stone spindle whorls still so much reverenced in Scotland. In this way the fairies come to be almost friendly; and aro no thought of in our nursery stories. Nevertheless, to the last, tho Bm'teful element remains. The fairy who is slighted by not boing iuviteel to n birth, at wlndi 'her presenco was indispensablo, always rovontjes herself in some way or another'; and even the ' fairy godmothor, the elf who.ioUs present utthe . birth, and who is rendered frioudly by the po3 acwsion of some charm — as in Cinderella— yet often uses her power to do some piece of ill- will ' to the enemies of \\\sr4proUr/6: Shaktpearo's fairies, who fairly represent the ordinary !!Rng- lisli tradition, are always uiisuhiovous, . and sometimes ill-natured. - Ariel is a docile slave-to Prospero, b it he causes tho shipwreck, and he plasues Caliban with'pains and'pinchres, ho misleads tho drunken oonsprrato- rninto-'tho morass, and ? snatches away tlieitublea in the form of a harpy; The pretended fairies in the? ' Merry .-. Wives of Windsor' pinch Falstaff^ black and blue. Puok, !' that ' Bh'rowd ' and- knavish sprite,' is said to— Sktm milk, anil sometimes labor in tllo quern, And bootless makes thcbrcsthlenCiiousewUn-clmrn,' And sometime make tlic drink to bear no harm,. Mislead night wanderers/ laughing aftliclr harm.; , Queon Mab I'lati the Di- mes of borscH In the nifjht, And bakos the oH-lricksinfoill, sluttish \Mrtt, Which, unco untnngleduniaoh inlstortunp'bodes.' Indeed, all tho fairy passages* iuiiShakspfMtfei ore worth readingr in this connection, .both -for their, obvious traces of mixchicf and Ioi. the re latiou of the fairies to childbirth1: ; It has. been objected,1 hbwtfver,' that ; tho fairies aro often ' represontbd i- as', workers' in metal. This 13. ?? perfectly- truo-; but1 I* think it does. not really-, tell against' ,tho view I have been- trying, to enforces The evolution of the elf Buperstitibn is rather,: complex, and some light 'is thrown *npon its' later stages by these Viry tradibtonsi'of ''metal- lurgy, 'ihu fact is, thcreiuTa^rr'- ordeM of -spirits representing mimv L 'J layers or strata of ghosts, hostile or fl'1?' all mixed up together in late, thnes u T^' single designation of fairie, U^ c 't ' fluenco of courtly Norman literature, tl '!' Komanco word has all but completely 1 olt't out tho memory of our earlier iitivn If 1, elves and of the still moro pri*U«3SS legends j tho Derbyshire pines, the TenS ? water-Mixes, tho weirds and ficuda anil 1 2 1 ' of Scandinavian. belief have T^ modern bngloud into one absorbing myth the fairies, fcow, it is nmto poS3ibfo t- V' that there has boon an historical niht,,,! , this sort Thus, tho legend of \\\^KS is ono which occurs all over- Teutonic ml Scandinavian lSuropo, ami which i3 j '° strably oarlior in origin than the IVlM,' colonisation of Britain. But in Knclaudlt ? localised at Wayland. Smith's Cave on tt, Berkshire Hills; and this so-called cave i, really a Neolithic chambered tomb. The f»2 is, the English when they came to Britain were already in tho habit of worsliip|iin, ,J tumuli and standing stones which markeftju graves of thoir own chieftains. Probably tie. had largely forgotten tho original reason ci such worship, and had come to look upon i\ barrows and monoliths as in themselves acted objects, the dwelling- place of gods or clemi™ti 1 The Wolsli, whom they eommereu amf et'. slaved, also reverenced such mounds nmlsUc* circles, some of them beim; the tomb? of 01ft chiefs, and containing brim'/.e, iron and j,;,j objects, while others were those of their X». lithic predecessors, and contained only object* of polished stone— jade, jasper, araW-auj more rarely, perhaps, gold. Tho Kngli4 roadily adopted all these holy spota, and m know that many An^lo-Saxonsaci- cilaiteiWcit identical with those of tho conquered Iintom The surviving British slaves, half-Cliri-itianisd or wholly heathen as they were, would coj. tiuuo to worahip at theso sites ; and fresh it. termonts of Anglo-Saxons would give themte newed sanctity in the eyes of thu concern. Nay, it is certain that many tumuli actuilj contain interments of all three aras, thussh™.- 1 ing that the sacred places continued sacred, fl without intermission, from one age to another, I Indeed, most of the moots of English ha. H dreds, as Mr. Goinme has recently shown, wtu B held at sacred trees or standing stones of OelUi 9 or pra-Celtic date ; and the hundred court cl H the hundred of Stono assembles to this daj ii ? a Neolithic tomb, the proceedings being optntj S by pouring a bottle of port wineoverthemsiw. H lith, which is a survival of the primitive sad- ? fice to our own times. Snch an im\vrou»ttB stono was worshipped at Hyettos, rc-pre-.enthj 8 Heracles ' after the ancient manner,' and 1) fl similar stones were rovereneed by the l'liaram!, H Thoophrastus describes ' the superstition H man' as talcing out his phial to pour oil on fe B anointed stones in the street, whilemany sack I stones are atill covered with grease hy tbt B peasantry in Ireland in our own times. B Auotherexampleof tho tenacityof suchprimi- B tivu traditions is given by Mr. Uoyil Dawkim H He tells us that a certain cairn near Mold,ia fl North Wales, known na Bryn-yr- FJlylloa,tl« | eoblin or fairy hill, was supposed tolwliannte], I and a spoctro was said to have been seen enter, fl ing the cairn clad in gohlen armor. This story I was of course a survival of thu notion thai tie I cairn was tho home of tho dead chieitm, from I which his gho3t issued from time to time into I tho upper world. But in 1832 the cairn wi | opened, and there, sure enough, beneath 30) 1 cartloads of stones, the explorers came upon 1 I skeleton wearing a beautiful gold cora!et,o!l Etruscan workmanship. The tomb was of the I Iron Age, and tho tradition of this golda- 1 armored ghost must have been handed doira'u I tho neighborhood from the date ot its crrfa B to the present century. Thus wo can ca-ilyss 1 how, especially after the introduction of Cliif 1 tianity, tho distinction between Xeolift B Celtic and Anglo-Saxon tombs might rfj 1 die out ; the more so as relics of the Nedfiflif 1 and'Coltic population lived ou under all chanH I of dynasty in our island. The Church regaii-d | honors paid to all alike as ' heathendom,' »J I tho Auglo-Saxon laws severely condemn mr- fl ship offered to stones, or tombs or dead mea B But tho popular belief continued unaffecta, ? and tho frequent repetition of tlioso laws slum B that tho respect paid to the elves was in ni ? way diminished. Our ancestors, however, wat | not likely to make thoso ininuto distinchoei I between long barrows and round banon ? between- Euskarian, Coltie and Teutoniogatu | which aro made by modern antiques. | Accordingly, all early monuments alike cinf ? to bo spoken of as olfin stones ; and one sues D stono in Scotland has given its name to a ]W B and through tho placo to the family of ilpM* B stone. So the elves' grow in- tho_ popn* B imagination into littlij underground bemg3 ra- I wrought weapons and ornaments of '^; I ambor, bronze, iron or gold, and who came ou | to daneo at night only. Auy little object | found underground was at once attributed W| thoir handicraft ; and oven somo very si»u I tobacco-pipes of thb seventeenth century, -ons I manufactured at Amesbury, and now olW ? dug up in gardens or ploughed out m neli-, | are known to laborers by tho name oMJ«J I pipes. 'Tiie fairy origin of such -jiipes, «P I ?Mr. atevens, ' was a popular belief in ins'010' I Scotland and-Ireland.' . . ? Among . the .monuments thus ^oculf; with tho fairies wo must rant /'- groat Btono circles of Stonebengo, A«roj and' other places,- whose renl d»M' » still: undecided; ? These, as woU as tho m»«j UtliBiiwere elfin' stones., Heuoo aroso ft coMfc tion botwoon . fairies and circles-a- o** shown in tho still surviving -idoa that lano always dance in a ring. Nor must wo-forp' that danoiiig' has a' sacred meaning n»«V most stivnge or barbarous races,' ana tnw« ^ Baoredf danoo&. aco^oftea circular. -V1™!., ovenBOmoreason to believe that -IancingBW have formed part of the religious m'**? Stonehenge and the' other megalittao , omoj for one Welsh name of the old- raomimen' 'thigreafohoirof BHtain;' andttp^ word translated .chou- is from the »»™»So(. the..3Uto (or) rathor,Grcek) chon-, «'!c' Bouno implies the notion of ^noing., «»» J of Monmouth, too, calls it the &fjg;%& and' thoogh-hbis'a worthless 'an ftonV » 'faoUr being}' indeed, ?11«n^.|SC5»' ?romanoer.'ihdtnayat least be quoted uievui ?osnto-' a! popular, belief in to«-^ danciuffiwith .Stonohangq. Moreover^ tho Btouo circles tliereisoften^oiroulwiLj or any/kind ol tree1! Wnut's U«s)-. *$$mai b»on.f«-or.hlp|)li.B,, nud tbrt. do»n» «»MliIiy-oilnr children aro \lnnyn tbrousli tho earn. IneUlKMsiulsht Ub- iiuotedi'ltMccMarj. ' — Jini-nr); ? find these mounds, being naso ' , iv -tradition with the elves, would ^llv snr-ccst tho notion that tlio so-called f^rn'«H'1ot3 ofgrem RfiisB, growing on m 1 nmimrod bv concentric layers of do '^'nn^-eri cawed by the fairies In tlJO lira As the vast majority of.lmrrows KM* »re »um!,.not long or oval, the oir '1Kp° .would be firmlyoonneoted with the C?t ,,, ntition in tho minds of men. Tho f SrPe-l.l.arrows 'of Dr. Thurnam would ? m. «tr(iH'then this connection between ^''I' he Kris and tumuli, became they ntp- Tn round ritrts exactly lileo a 'fairy c» Ti..htlv raised above the surronndin;; ,n'Si Tims would arise the notion 'of tho f™.' rn,i)in'out by night to dance in circles, i,,.lmnd with ouo another, winch forms t! » +ho most permanont' and prominent g!S'0f ? the' J»P«lnP| WHof or tradition. C#htite of tbo'prehistonc age-wero- cir K i mid tho stone circles nro probably 1 f 'iv' lo hhte for tho'dood chieftains. I tfla 'nincant-fnet that the bolicf infairies I ? m at rfo in tho most thoroughly Celtic por I -nn,o to rfelands- Wales, Devon and Corn K&rbydiiw;, the Highlands of Scotland, I-Lvirolnnd. .These, are also' the-parts where iiMEiBfciriiin or Iberian; population! has moat 1 Sv survived; and it 1. in those districts 8 that the fairies most retain their -primitive IZracteristic as mischievous people, /injuring irkk and causing sickness among children. SBcrc too, tlie use of fairy charms to counter B«t such niif chief,, the hoarding of elGn shots ivid thunderbolts and the employment of Idnhemwtic or conciliatory language about the f«.,W people,' is general. In ieivtomc hug itoil on the othor hand, the fairies have H dwindled into mere pretty poetic fancies en HsTmncd in children's tales, and made beautiful Su.il,i. -ircniuB of Shakspearo ; their mischief itis become mere playful trieksiness. Yet even Sin Teutonic England, especially in earlier ? limBi'mmy truces of fairy worship and pro HinUatiou still lingered on, in which it is difli Hwltto disentangle tho element of ancestor ?dOnMpfwm the element of propitiatory sne HrificeJ t0 hoBtilo g'103ts- Thoro was an early Bvjwlisli' family of iElfings, or descendants of ?(Selves ( niid they have' left their traces at KAlphington in Devon, Alvingtonin Gloucester, gSolacrsetyand Devon, and Alvingham in Lin Sulfl. But all these counties are noticeable foY jSjdelsrge proportion of Euskarian blood which Htlicy Ftni retain ; and so these sons Stat the elves may -really bo Anglicised Scions of primitive elfish .descent. Tho Bmtdrif, an- elf;' .occurs constantly in Anglo Bf&xra; name3 ; and it 'may have reference [?(ither to the ancestral spirits, or to the notion R that the fairies must be propitiated by being Hinrited to the birth of a child. Thus we have Htbe nsmo /Elf-gifu (usually modernised into SSflgiva), meaning ' tho gift of the elves,' just Bis Gwlgifu. (similarly tortured into Godiva) Hmeans'' tho 'gift of God.' Alfred, originally HKlf-red, means 'the redo (or counsel) of the Hslves.' VElfric is elf-rich, and /Elfstan, a; very Hajnilirant name, is the elf-stone. JEKgxr, ?JBflirfi (St. Alphego), iElfhere, /Elfmiear, HjEUnoth, /Elfsige, .ftlfweard and iElfwino are Bfonncd in the same maunor ; tho iaat three ?mean respectively, elf victory, elf protection ?sod friend of tho elves— all of them names Hprtgnant with meaning. We see their full ?significance when we put them side by side ?with other naine3 compounded with stan, a Batone, aaoli oa ;Ethelsfcin, noblo stono ; Wulf Bitan, -wolf Btone ; Dunstan, Ealli3tan and BlVMiestan. All show'tholong survival of the Banclent elf and stono worship, whose relics are Hto be found in our midst to tho present day. HIn tbo Isle of Syko monoliths e*ist in almost Heray parisb, and libations of milk nre Btill ?poured out upon them, doubtless to prevent ?the drying up of the cows' udders; and in ?Ireland, to a very late period, the fairies were Hlomrally invited on the occasion of a- birth, lest Hftey might injure the child through spite at Hfte neglect shown to their dignity by not in Bjfonning them of tho event. H On' the other hand it is worth notice Ijtlai mention is made in Anglo-Saxon HWrta of hostile spirits which harm Hmen and boasts, though, of course, not Hinder the heathon name of elves : ' The-neat ? thcyBtingas itwead3 through the fiold ; the H^ne they destroy ; tho1 horse they bow, they Htawhim with horns.' ' And we have nn Anglo HSuon spoil -which directs that, if witchcraft Sjlus spoilt a farm, tho farmer should build an j altar, lay on it milk from each cow, and a leaf ? from each herb, sprinkle the whole with holy ? wto, and pronounce a Christian form of I pwjer. Here, surely, we may see Christianity |««-1 as a defence against the power of the ? sks. In this brief sketch I havo only R endeavored to trace out what seem to mo the ? tain features of 'the fairy superstition in H Western Europe, and its probable origin. I do H Mt mean to suggest that this is tho Genesis of R all fairj- like spirits every whero— say in South | 'Africa, or in New Zealand. It is possible that R JUw woes may have ? very similar superstitions ? »stali the subterranean beings are. more de jtWedly ancestral, and in which the hostile or ? muchievona element is comparatively wanting. R.«u nlso possible, or, to speak more correctly, jitfahighly probablo that- many elements of I ''^tor- worship are now inextricably mixed If.? , o]ementa »t propitiation towards I ™we ghosts in tho modern European tradi I U0113 ot faWes. That one Komanco word has ? JWHtobo applied to so many Teutonic, l;«aadinavian, Celtic. and- Euskarion supersti tions, that it would bo absurdto trace them all » a iiagla common ? origin; though the origin wall cases soems finally to go baok to ghosts Ifr 'i.md or mother; friendly or inimical. »»u hopo I have made'it clear that the vast ™-aof .tho fairy traditions do reaUy date from Z^l AW of tho Celtic or Teutonic strug -th « the ''nail' dark race which preceded raem; that -the fairies owe their, diminutive J»W8BWt6d tales oftho short staturo of Z» m- an DeoPl0 ! 'and that beli°f8 flnd 2t ^-T,8 connfioted with the fairies cluster ,™« thickly about tho -Neolithic tombs or S* and about -the- objects found ^ in their midst. In short, I believe that, Sniltl!aolves liavo 'ow become, they -ET ? ? i tho laBt traditional memories of an 'uioncal race. G. A. 