THE MINE BY THE SEA CIIA.PTEU I. Tiir little seaport town of Saiiitby is built upon the shores of a natural harbor, formed by a break in tho line of cliffs which, with but few interruptions, stretch aloug the northwestern coast of the county of Fcllshiro. The whitewashed houses perched in irregular lines upon the steep hillsides, and loujj'dis usoil tort commanding tho bay, and the ships and a fishing-smacks moored to the quays within the harbor, give nn air of pictures riueness and cheerful noss to tho town whioh is hardly sustained by a nearer view of tho narrow, dingy streets, and an experience of the many mingled odors of the quays and bnacb. Yet tha little town is prosperous in its way ; a considerable trade is done in the export of coal aud iron ore from the mines of tho neighborhood ; many boats are employed in the ashing trade ; beside, Snintliy is the market town whither tho farmers of the surround ing district every week bring the pro duce of their farms for sale. Immediately to the Bouth of Saintby the cliffs make a bo'd sweop in a westerly direc tion, and tho headlands thin formed, on which a lighthouse has been built, is always SDoken of bv tho countrv nenuln umlnr tlm gtueral name of ' The Heads.' Further on tho cliffs reeode again and sonn come to an end, beiug succeeded by a long stretch of very fertile level country skirting the sea. The commencement of this plain is only about live miles in a direct line from Saintby, and this coulignration of the land ha3 given rise to a legend among the people that the headland had once been an island, the sea then flowing ovor tho sito of the present Saintby, and through the deop valley which stretches behind the cliffs ami ends in tho level track of country spoken of. Saintby is a quiet, dull, little town, yet it has sights and wonders of its own. Its coal mines, sunk closo to the shoro, their under ground workings stretching for miles beneatli tho bottom of the sea, are, though tho natives do not think so, its most rotrmrkable feature. And of theso, tho Westray mine, whioh was situr.ted on a strip of hind at the base of tho sandstone cliff, and immediately overlooked tho sea, was. at the timo of my story, one of tbe largest and most productive Mrs. iJeii3on kept the toll-bar at Uaby, a little hamlot lying on tho main road from Saintby to Eavington, the nearest market town to tho south. 1 say Mrs. Uensou kept it, although her husband's name was painted abovo tl^e d-}or, but ho was uow after an ad vonturous life, as a sailor in the old fighting days of tho navy, a crippled, bedridden, old man, and all tho work of collecting the tolls, keeping tho houso bright and clean, and cultivating the littlo patch of garden belong ing to it, was performed by Mrs. Benson and her daughter . Agnos, a handsome fresh loatured girl of eighteen. Kaby was about two miles from Saintby, and lay on the inland slopo of the limo cliffs. To anyone who cho3e to olimb from the sea shoro up tbe desolate face of those precipi tous cliffs, on mounting to the summit a Btrangely different scene presented itself to his eyes. Tlw hillsides, both that on whioh ho stood and that facing him, and separated by the narrow valley at his feet, were covered wilh clustering trees and rich meadow land, and completely sheltered by the rocky barrier from all rough winds and the blighting touch of tbe sea foam that in the wild winter storms was often flung high up tho slopes of tho sea ward side. ? ' ' Mother horo's George again I' said Agnes, one autumn eveninc. aa sho was ironincr hor mother's cap3 on a broad tab]e bonoath tho cottngo window, just at the moment when the shadow of a visitor on his way to tho door fell over her work, ' Come thi ways in, George— come thi ways in I' oriod iu a oh'ory but not voory musical voice, the . old woman, who ^vas occupied in bending over the lire in preparation of oat cakes for the family supper, Sho did not turn_ to him. immediately, ovidently being on too familiar terms with Jljni for geromony, The door oponetl, and with slow, slightly baiting. stop tl]o visitor camo forward, Hp was if tnjf man, buv stooped a' go/lot' deal, lcduina on n 'stiok that ho ahvnvn nurrrnil with him j this, with the porcoptiblo drag of the left foot in walking, being the result of a terrlbio accident in the Westray minu, in which ho together with many others had suf fered^ But it was also to this accident that; his friendship with tho l^oiiBona was owing! About five years before, young Tom Dcneou, Agnes' brother, when woikiiig in tho mine, wns orushod to death by the fall of a hugo mass of coal, and in tbo uttompt to rescue bis friend, Goorgo Hoimora— for thai was his name— bad also been struck, and suffered injuries from which ho had hovor quite re cotowI. Ever liiUQU h«r Tom's (Until. Idra , v ? ' ~ ? '' -?''. ^'??- ? ' ''-?-???, Benson had welcomed HoiineM to the cot tage, and of late Im had yofc into the h;Uiitsui coming there very frequently mi'lcr tho pro text of giving Agnes writing lessu;ia. His face was pale and thin, tvith no special regularity of hoauty in hi.i features, but Ktill with something characteristic in it — a look of cleverness and power, witli a curious ear nestness of mannur, that iiiadu ono sooii fo'r- gbt the rough hown lidos 'on- his faco. Ho came forward into the' kitcheo. ' Well, mother !' — for ever liiuce her sou's dea'li ho called hor by this name-—' yon look finely to-day, and so does Agnes. How's the old man ?' ? 'Badly, George, badly enough ; them rheu- maties,plaguO3 him terrible. But, hist, ho hears every word in t' next room. Ua3 had thi Bupper ?' 'Nay, I wan' t no suppor ; thank you all the same,' he answored, and turned towird Agues. ' I camo to ask if Agues would have her lesson to uight, or would come a walk on t' cliff. It's so bonny fine with sun setting over t' sea, Agnes .'' He spoko thus, leaning over the dresser, 88 tho long tablo was called, at which Agnes was still cpntiuiiing her ironiug operations. _ ' Ay, George, tak her.put— tak hor out a bit,' said the old womap. '''Sbp.'s been that queer o' late I canna iria'k out what's1 tome to her. Why, what dost think ? She gave six penny change for a fourpeuny bit at tow-bar this morning; and what.wi' breaking things and forgetting what a body says, she makes mo cloan daft sometimes. Thee tak her iu the fresh iiir, and see if thou can brighten her up a bit.' 'Nay, mother, there's this ironing to ?finish.' Tho girl looked around with a deep blush upon her faco and a supplicating look toward her mother, but the old woman would not heud this, and Agnes had to get hor bunnet and shawl — for the autumn evenings were now rather chilly — and accompany George in a stroll on the cliffs. 'You mustn't quite believe all mother says about me,' she began in a low voice, as they sauntered together up tho lawn, shel tered by tall hedges rich with autumn flo\ver3 on the hillside. 'But, Georgo, I don't know how it is,' sho added, turning with quick, impulsive gesture to him ; ' you're patient aud kind, and mother — woll, she's impatient and kind, and other people, they're jnst about the same as they always were ; but things don't seem to fit in now as they used to — they don't always iu this world, do they, George ?' '? Why, what do you know about all that?' cried Gecrge, in honosfc amazement, and then he came nearer to her wich an instinctive im pulse of help, thongh as ho did this she slightly drew away from him. Men's trou bles aud women's aro not always alike,' he went on, with a. softened voice; 'but when things go wrong with me, Agnes, I've got a bit of philosopliy for them : keep on and worry them till they come ri^ht again— mako them come right. Oue cau only do oue:d best, you know. There's a deal o' things wrong with mo just now at tho pit and other places beside ; but I know this— I'll have a light before I give in. There's the master wants money badly for his son, who's in the army, and I'll toll him he's working the coal far too near the sea— that's oue thing. And sotuetiiaes, when I am down spirited, l Mimic I'll give it up ami «o to places where men don't work in Jioli;:. ij tho dark, and whore there's such buautiful things as n collier like mo can only dream of sometimes. Still, I'll sMek to it and light it out. But, Agnes, what troubles thce? Can I help ? I'm strong enough for c.vo, lass, aud thou know'st I'll do it if I can.' ? 'Nay, Georgo, it's only siily fancies of mine, that's all,' shes.iid, bunding ovor sonic dowers by tho waysido, and so contriving to hide her tears. 'Thinga are gone a bit awry, but perhaps they'll come straight rfouie tinie.' They had now reached tho edge of tho cliff, and wars leaning upon the grassy hud^c t!i«fc had been placed there to jirovonfc tiia cuttlo falling over. The sun' was setlinj; be- j hind the western sea, with all tho broad crimson glories of illumiu-id clouds and glit- i tering expanse of waters. Agnes htul taken i off her bonnet aud lai.l it hesiele her. S|ilun- I dully beautiful she looked m she stood there, with long wavy hair of softest golduu, exqui sitely moulded features uud complex on bright ami rosy with the iiuus of country life. Her girlish liguro and innocent, ehilillike way-t almost f'lif.imlir ninnnnLul :i fsf rmwf.li nf u-ilt aiullatuut passion of which none but Heimers had as yet a suspicion. He stood by her side, while his oyes wan dered ovor that scene— the tramiuil flashing waters stretched out before them, the glories of cloudlnnd around and above, and the long range of scarped cliffs rising above tho sea lino to right and left. And then they woro lixed upon her face, lit up also with that ethereal brightness from tho west, and softly and slowly he spoKe again : 'Agnos, 1'vo made up my mind to speak it out, come what may ! I'm going to tell ;i bit o' my troubles that p'raps thee never guessed at. It's only teu years since I came hero, and before that — well, nevor iniuu, it's all ovor and dono for now. Things had been different with me before, I spoko different, lived different from what 1 do now. All at once I found myself ruined, with my name blackened for ever, and I chose men should think me dead.. I went to the nit and worked there. Tom, thy brother, was tho first that showed mo any kindness, then thy mother, and then — Agues, there was a bit of kindness in thy voice and ways, and I begau to hope a littlo. And I came o'nights to the toll bar, and tho more I came, the more t hoped aud longed for thee. And now it's outi ' Agnes, canst thou care a bit for a poor rough fellow like I am ? '.Oh, Goorgo ! I never thought — of that,' she faltored out. 'Never thought!' said ho laying- hold of hor band with passionato grasp. 'Never thought when I used to guidu those little lingers o' winter nights in our schooling, how I longed to seize them and tell the all, or that when we wandered about theso cliffs and talked o' all strange things in the big world, I was anything more than the stem old schoolmaster? Woll, I was a fool. Cnrso it all |' and he stamped with suddon rage and impationce. Her head was bent low and the toars wero fast falling again. 'Agues, dear, look up,' ho went on, with a sudden ohange in his voice j ' 1 s'eo it's no use j I was a fool to think that any woman could care for me again. Well, never mind I won't trouble you in this way any more. But, ph, if you could only lovo me, child !' he broke out with another burst of passion. ' I woijld make you so happy— happier far than, any of the poor fqols about here could do !-' '? Oh George, didn't I say it was all a mis lano two ways tJiuigs gor sho said looking appealiugly into his face, ' you vrero no good, George, I never thought of that, nuil thon — there was another nud lia \\\sen t0 oourt mo, though neither you nor mother ?now, and I lovo him, oh, George; so muoh ! Hub I dou't know how it is, things have gouo wroug, and I don't know ^Uothor ho cares for me now, and I'm so wrotohed ['''*.. ileimers was too Rcnerous to ^ak tho name. Still, ho thought hp nvght watoh over and hejp her, ijtid'thore was no knowing but sho might learn to love bird at last. Kn. with some hope jrot loft, he talked of other mat ters, tho fair at Saxb'y, the new steamor anchored in Saiutby harbour, and so onA till it was time to roturn to the cottage. He would not gP-in that night, but wan dercid iniitead for many hours by the sea shore with the gently murmuring waves add tho countless gleaming stars ior com pany. Then ho returned to toe niine in which ho' was overlooking, ftU4 ^ not Teavo it tijl again the sun wus setting oil tho follow ing day. . A weol? wont past, whoii one night Goorco weary and diahewtuned (for tilings Tore Was s»r tafly ta tb« ami Ttronel along this bench till ho flame to some cor. wced- eovored looks. Lying down imd resting his lioail upon his hand, ho remainwl here motionless for a long time, with hit) oyw uxod upon (h-j \rav-is that iu restless :aonl wero beutini,' upon tho rocks before him. It was about 9 o'clock, and tho night wus now very dark. All at onco bo heard footsteps approach ing by the narrow pith which wound along «ie tiidu of tho cliff at n little diataneo abovo, his head. He looked up, though the darkness was too great to see any ono, but at tho same time he hoard voices, ami evi dently tho spankers had stoppsd jnst above where bo wm lying. At the same time he recognised their voices. Thev wfiro Auncs Benson and her cousin Jim Massey, a goad looking, hard-working fellow, ignorant nud thoughtless, and too fond of spending his money in public houses, with no ambition to bo anything higher iu life than a working collier, but with no wone faults that Heimori know of. Ii was bitter torture tov .him to listen, but he could not move from where he was without being discovered, and he did not wish that. Tho lovors1 quarrel had evi dently been made up ; their talk was half banter and half in earnest of a happy future in which none but themselve3 should havo a part, aud Georgo detected iu tiio soft tones of Agnes' voice a joyous ring that ho had not before hoard in it. Then cumo tho sound of kisses interchanged, aud still Georgo had tD listen. Then th«y passed away, up the hillside, in tiie diruction of Agnes' home. Georgo Heimers stood erect, his back against tho cliir. All was still, save for tho long, melancholy cry of a sea gull that chanced to fly past him, and tho ho;usi*- sound of tho waves beating at his feet with the grating rattle of the pebbles as c:ich spent wavo drew back from the shore. Tlie tl.'iolc darkuuss was about him and wiihin his soul. Terrible to him was tho clamor of tliusi; waves as thsy rushed up the beach, andtuun rotiring dragged V7itb them their prey from the shore. Tho sound was in his ears liko tiie dirgu of his hopes overthrown, hU lifo drawn downward, downward, by the waves of pitiless fate tn the depths of that ocean of desnair that never moro gives up its dead. CIIATTJGE II. A strange sight in a coal mina. Wonder fully picturesque- with its streets and lanes and alleys, its unending corridors and count loss chambers of the dead. The men there, with blaokoued faces and scanty attire, seem of another race from those above ground, and the feeble lights gleaming iu the midst of the di-.rkuess gave a wierd, unreal aspect to the scene. The only sounds heard aro those of the coal wagons slowly pushed along by boys to- I wards the mouth of the pit, and in tho narrow passages, where tho man are at work, tbu vlang of their pickaxes as they cleave ilioir i way through the grout rooks of coal. Men j aro not the only buiugs her:!. There; are j horses thnt luiva not seen the daylight for j many p. year, to draw tho wagons iu the i broader passages, and sometimes, if the lijlit I of tho lamp is turned toward the ground, the I bright little eybs of rats (Innv they camo to that under world I don't know) may be sclm peering out of nooks dmongthe wall?. There is an almost fearful sombreness about the place. I'houghta that the daylight would :it ouce dispel sto:u to haunt tho air, ami the voices oi the luuu sis they wander aljout, each one Gideon-like, with his lamo and pici; axo, have a deeper, hollower tone than abovo ground. Two days had passed ; and during that time a storm, long remembered on the co»t. had been ra^in^ ; hut tho men in tho mine, accustomed ;ts thoy were to hearing the ronr of the waves ahnvo their head, paitl little heed to the increased noise. George Heimera alono had noticed it, nml each rl-iy had spent more timo than usual in examining the sup ports of the roof. i It \r;is now night time, and ho had beou | supi'rintsmiii.u some rather daugurous work i-intha lower 'levels, of blasting with gun ] powder, winch, much against his udvico. the j invnur hii'l ordered, 'j'ui.n being done, leav ing further orders for work with the men, Ciuiirgu turned away and walked alone in tiie direction of tho pit's month, carrying in one I luiud a large canister cunraining the yun powder ; iu the other his lamp anil the heavy stick that ou account of his luinenoM, was his constant companion. Jiveu in that im perfect light it might have been seen that a Krn.it chance had passed ovor hi3 lace : it was haggard and piuehed-lookmg ; there wus a strange restless glitter in his eyes, andno'v and thou his lips parted with an involuntary quivering movement, quickly pressed together again with that stern, set expression that was now habitual to them. Instead of leaving tho mine, a siuMci thought seemed to striko him half way, and he turned aside aud entered a part of the mine long dc3crtod on aceouut of tho danger of working too near tho bottom of the sen, but which recently had been opened ayniu ; and though Goorgo had many times warned the owner of tho danger of weakening, the supports of the roof, large quantities of coal had been taken from it. All was still as he advanced through the narrow passages, but soon these widened into a more open space, and as he entered the noise of the tumultuous waters overhead was fearfully loud. A cold draught of air smote ou him and made him shiver. The place was known to the colliers as ' Boggart's Hole,' or tho. ' Ghost's Hole.' It is an immense low roofed hall, one of those natural caverna that exist be neath the sea and laud ; and iu the centre was an abyas, into whoso depths no human being had ever penetrated. The workings had been carried ou along tho sidos, and a rude pathway led half-way round, abruptly stopping above tho groat chasm. 'I ho poor light which George held illumined only a narrow circlo round him, but he knew the placo well, and cautiously stepping along, reached the part whore tho last workings had been made, and which was so low that ho could touch with liig hand the blask sliiuv roof, to which gigantic loathsomo fuujji clung. As ho stood there wild faucies stole over him. Loud above him sounded tho thun derous boom of tho surf, and beneath' him lay wrapped in eternal darkness, the great miue, stretching for miles into the depth of tbo earth. Ho seated himself on a projecting rock, tho canister of powder ou tho ground at his sido, and tho lamp held between his knees. What wore his thoughts juat then ? I know not all — but tliero was one, fiercer than llio clamor of tho waves above, more terrible than tho abyss beneath him— ho hud loul- -;g all I He looked baok upon hia '?'* n i''\f &^S^IT-th0^fiinning;UUnS '','' u' '''-'Vo cup of sweetness had ssemod *° uo so near his lips ho had seen it dashoii away. He ground his teeth with rage, and then his passion took another form— his breast heaved, aud a great sobbing cry iO3e to his lips. . ' ' . . ' If sho only know how I lovo her ! lit lovo ! A moment of tho lovo I could give hor would bo more than, a lifetime of °his. But I know that never, never — lot me ? make an end of it. 'Ah. and JimMassev. too : n lir?hfc tn fliin powder, aud thoro'd be no victory to any ono — tho sea would cover us too closo for that I Bu,t the otjhera !. 'Pooh! it's only dying a little, sooner; and what is lifo to stupid, toiling drudjjeo like them ?''.;:? A terrible amUe passed over his f»- , I placed the lump, by his sido t-V, '?' '° the caimistvr. 0«ly a U«* -ty^i ^ °,ver Vh«U. ?* ? 'rst tUe BOa wo»'d ri«-h »i aud wuu .. tlieui all ! Ho took out his knife aud I proeaedc.l to opon the lid of tho cauiiistor, whioh by, somo means had bacu ifastuudd down too tightly, ' ' ? . -: ~ I But, hart | Ctoso' beside him, juat lo« ymd the ending of lbs i-ith. ho hoiir, .v rustling, cracking sound, then a crashd and a hugu fragment of rock lolle.l down, find bo wan only just in timo to leap as;ilo b'foio the place whore h-j had stood 'was covered with shivered por tions of it as it deaeoivled, and, leaping from ledgo to ledge, at last, with sullon roar, was bscinthe depth bolow. Still ho lutenod,. for another and'moro dreadful ' sound caught Jin ear — the low, swishing sound of falling water. Ho crept as neir as ho could along tho narrow pathway, and as he did so his face was sprinkled wilh the cold spray of thu torrent. Ho held ont'hia hand, and then, touching his lips, tasted tho water. It was aalt. Still and breathless as a statue ho stood lieforo him, ho was rushing with wild speed down the broken pathway away lrom the place. As he approached tba uutranoo he stopped, and for a moment looked around in bewilderment— ho hud mistaken the road, and instead of taking tbat by which ho had come, had followed another, which abruptly stopped—a mass of coal had fallen and brois.cn ifc off. He had no time to turn ba-'k. He threw his lamp down, nud rs fortune uoukl have it, it was not broken, but only fallen on one sido abous ton feet below ; then, drawing in his broath.he prepared lor the leap. He did not know tbe grouud— the lamp had gone oat. If ho leaped he might fall into some deep fissure; but tliero was no time tn hesitate, lie took tho leap and full ; the firm ground was beneath him. Hid arm was bruised, and his ankle epraiuod, lint he hardly felt it. Relighting his jniiip, we dashed along through tlio nar i o -v passages toward the main where the men Wen: at- work. At last hu mat a boy slowly dragging along aainalleoal uiy-oi), He u'uyht the lad by tho shoulder an t slioiiteil to him : ' Can you run, Will ?' 'Ay. oi can,' answered tbe boy. ' Thou run your hardest, Will. Tell them in tho lower main t'.io -.cuter'a cumin' in, and in an hair it'll all bo iloii.Ied.' 'I'')iyl,her'd there !' the boy cried, anil without, itnollier word riuhad olf. Other hoys were sent to the other pnrts of tho mine, iorcad by George's stsrn voice to «/w^.j, n-» no- luiu mum ne wouia nos let one mau leave tlw pit till they were all there. Then he waited. And if any one had seen his face a3 fio stood alone, a strange chanuo would have bnon noticed iu it. Them was now a look uf sueh triumphant gladness as for many a, you- had not rested there. He stretched out his arms like one who hiid just end«d sonic weary labor. Thau his head sank on his liosoiu, aiM ho muttered: ' 0 God ! Sjiv^iI : saved ! Thou nast kept mo from it, and I may yet save them all.' Q.uickly ho recovered himself and went into v. sum',1 ..liiea where lie kept his boohs and insiraiifcits. Ho took from a l-os a small ' revolver and some matches anil went out .-.giiin. Me than set li.^lit to a he.ijj of shav iius aud dry wood lying n«a;- the door, aud this sooa blazed up, illuiniuatim' tho whole plaeo. ' And again hu waited. Soon troop alter troop of tho men, fiyin* at .tisuir utmost speed, reached the pit's mouth, ami, n fearful si»ht it was to see the fctnigsjiing mass of men, each one, with maddened shouts atid blows, striving to come nearer to the b?.iket. But George Hcimer's voica was heard loud abovo it all : 'The iirsc that touches tb.-jfc basket before I tell him, I'll shoot thit man !' . They saw the levelled barrel of the revolver and drew back. '? Those that aro married, stand here.' And in siienua tho men obeyed him. Me then signalled to a certain number of fciio.'u tn enter the baskst. Not nn instant w.ix 1'i-it ai.-u they were hr.isted out of si-ht The others strained tiieir eyes to watclAho asuc-inlliig iiiiH.-, cnlcul.iiiiii,' how soon it wocld return to rescue them. Some of the men iviio had thair tons with them clasped liieiu tijshcly in their arms, whisjiorin' mes ? a-ea in bo given if they wero lost, for in iiturly every ejiso the fathers chos« that tho »nya should go in their pluee ; fome sank to tiis ground muttering prayers tuas they had never sjioken since childhood, and others lis leii'jj to George Huin.ors us ho told them there was biill iiope iJ they would oboy him. Jim Massny had been in one of the most distaut worUings, and was one of the last to reueh thu pit's mouth, aud now he stood by the wall apart, with eyes bent down on some taiui; he held in hU hand— a look of A,.iW .hair that sho hud given him the uinht be.'ore. More than half tho number of men were now safe j and the basket whirled up by thosu whi knuw hoar uiueli dfpsuded upon than- work, had just loft when iJeorge, in the calm voiue wich whioh 'ho had spoken before said: 'ileit, who's to go next ?' There wero only about twenty kft, men and boys, whom Geuri-u had many a time h?ltj=d 'by words and clueds ; th-iy rumonibcred tiiis and all ei it!j at oneo : 'Xext turn's thine, master — we'il come after !' 'Thank you, my lads,' he answered q-.uetly ' I'm not going this time, but 1 want to Ki'iid some one in my place. Will vou l»t rneV' ^ot so eag:rly this time— hut still the an swer, 'Ay, master :' was given. ' ' Jim, cnue here,' George skouted. ' You oake my pl-icu when it cunics again. Nay, lad, iiuh niiid. Ueinembar, A'Mes wants yon, Jim, you'll be Rood to hor, won't you A ad tell her sometimes tho last words 1 tried to say wore, Go.l biess both of you !' ? vi.uujuiiiu iuv uushuii utssceuueu, the few that wero c'lioseu leaped into it, tlm rope was shaken as tho signal to hoist up, aud with on j tight hand grip Georgo sent Jiinuiihis way. And 113 tiioy parted Jim looked at tho other's laco, and nevor tu hia'dying day did he forgot what ho saw there— tiio bitterness of death had passed away, ami a straaw peacu '.vas shiniug forth fioiu his eyes, ** It \\\m tho last freight. Gecvgo alroady had heard the distant tliu.uder ot tho watei^ bursting ia lull flood into the mine. Ha kuuw tho end was come, aud when the basket was ascending ho turned away down a sido passage that he might uot see the agony' of the poor men when they found, it was too lato. Just as tho boskofc renohed tbo lovel of tho upper grouud, where hundred woro wai'-' anxiously to watuh tho arrival of - i 'lllR pauy that «. s^.Vod, ,? tw- ,cacll.0101'l cloud rolled no th« nil'- trwf«dons blooic with n i~ ,:,-,,! ;,. . l ' '-u«th, bursting nn when it, ' -V hish int0 lnid 'ir. ftn'1 i:eso boneatii thoy could hear tho. dash of the waver, and sometimes tlioimht thuy could discern their whito plenni ,ia thi.v leaped np tho sides of tho shatt. Jim Masaoy and several other* volunteered to go down au.l seek for any who might bo still strug gling in Iho water. It was too late when thoy reached tho place, and only a few of tho dead bodies were ever recovered. The mine is now deserted, aud its build ings me in ruins. ? . «omo timo after the disaster a part of tho. elilf abovo it, probably undermined bv tl' action of tho waves, iell dowa ou» ?'? '* I night, aod now theru is p. --tiormy ? wandering away iu diu- ? Sl'oat ,oavej:n clits whore »»« «-= - ? Pfsagua under the H in &»*- - ilio coal mine had been; »looi--- j to peuotrate beneath thoso ? ..y arohos in a boat during tino weatber, and many times in after days, Agues then a bappy wifo aud mother — wuuld come there with her ohildron ou summer days, and tell them tha story of how their father's life had been saved. And when eJio jiaH nudert und leateJ bajk in - the.- boat as tbey. floated on through thiit silent glcolri as of twilight, the largo tears would, gather in hor eyci? for him who-lay 'in that uukuovvu .toiub ol his far below iusome dark oavora o{ thi} floa.i 