? ' '^ales , & aketeiiwr A RACE FOR LIFE.^v'^ ^ Continued. s ji ;,!? IN KIGHT CHAPTEHS. — OHAPTEtt yli .f'vi Travelling' by wheels over aueh irregular ' ground, in a vehicle built'for^strerigth; . rather than for the ease and comfort of its living freight, is but a rough method ?of locomotion, and we rocked and bumped and jolted in u manner that would have maddened those wheae: only; experience was of the smooth gliding along the iron highway,; or the regular roll upon the trimly macadamised road. But to me, after my late exertions, it was a luxury -indeed to lie on a woll-stuffed mattrass, beneath the .white tilt of the wagon, screened in a great measure from the sun's vertical rays, and able to close 'my i eyes at ; pleasure, instead of having to: . ? keep a watchful look-out, and to help1 along a tired horse with spur, voice, arid, rein, as a hurrying traveller must' do. Sometimes I toll into a doze ; and at. last, after an hour's halt at three o'clock, when we kindled a lire, and heated the! contents of a tin can of coffee, while the . animals' grazed; with their forelegs] Lobbied,- lescthey should stray too far on the plain, I fairly foil into a ; sound sleep, which lasted till we rumbled into the; duaty main street of the small town of ; Oceola. Much refreshed by this greatly needed repose, I determined to push on ; through the night, and, buying a horse from a' dealer with whom the driver. of : the wagon was acquaiufced, I set offat'a: rattling pace along the main trail, now easily to be made out, to Fort Scott,: leaving Batesville far to my right. ? ~'\''--''y ; My intention was, should I not be lucky ?' enough to, find, t lie wagon-train, of which : I was iri'pursu'it, skill at the fort, to cbn tinue the chase on the. other and ' more perilous side of the Kansas boundary, confident, that if my strength held out, I should come up with it., . The chief dan- \ gor, so far as I, knew, which- 1 had. now to apprehend was from skulking bands of .Indian thieves, too weak to resist a direct [ attack on the escort of Jem Garnham' s well-provided caravan, but hovering near, in the. hope of stealing a horse or two, or of plundering any vehicle that might' break down. ' Should I meet with one j ?ftheae; 'parties, I should infallibly be; robbed and dismounted, and not improb- . ably murdered as well, if only for tho sake: of bringing home^the .usual hideous trophy j of victory to some Arapahoo or Cheyenne village.. On the other hand, should I. once' 'jovertake; the}Tjwagqn- train, ' there; would remain few 'further impediments,, except those of fatigue and the chance of sunstroke'.'' '' £.'. '.?..?'',,-'?' -,..'..'., ??' ':' . ?-???.- . ; ., There was a' river' to be forded, and t\ie banks being high and/rotten, the mild te- [ . nacious, it was rather troublesome, to get across, but otherwise^' I journeyed on ,without any particular misadventure.' Hot a'liying; 'creature 'did I sup, save thei . small owls' that. whpopVd and 'wheeled in ' circling flight pvi'r the tall and yellowing grass ; or the prairie-dogs', so called, tht»t ;iaat at the mouths of their numerous bur rows; as rabbits might at home in Eng 'land, uttering their short,' yelping cry aa iny horacrhoofs broke the, . stillness of. the ' night. I was compelled, though unwil-' . liugly, to halt for 'an hour,' or, two,, that my new' nag, a' black mustang, 'old but sound and' strong, might feed.' and rest, and then I pressed on, speeding along the desolate . track.. , With all- my efforts,' morning found me still on the waste ; but some hours later, I' espied the timber stockade .'of Fort Scott',' with its encircling ditch, the wood-smoke of its fires, the cannon peering from embrasures in the low earthern parapet, and the flag . of, the United States flying on the roof of the commandant's house. The little out post was a mere collection, of: wooden 'shanties for the. accommodation; of .the , company of ;. infantry quartered there,; with a larger shed for stores, and two or ; three small houses for the commandant, doctor, add: agent,. ...or' sub-agent,; for. -Indian affairs. These tiny strongholds, calculated;mer'ely for defence against , the , attacks of . the savage foe that ranges round them like wolves around :,a, fold, are of ten ? deserted, ', and allowed to crumble to ruin; or possibly .tenanted by some' neutral Indian trader, who regards ..all men, white and red, as his; customers,; and is cosmopolitan, in , his, political sympathies. Then an. order Vfrom the , Washington War Oftice sends troops and workmen to the abandoned ?.. fort, and there is much putting together, of ; log huta and framework houses, and the palisade is. renewed, and; cannon are mounted, and up go the Btars and stripes in token of military possession. ;.; ??..' I found the scanty garrison paraded, ?oloae to the low fence of, the soldiers' little garden, where the humblest vegetables were grown by 'the care of the, men them selves, welcome additions to the mono . tonous. rations of beef, pork, biscuit, and cake-bread. . Here 8 grave had been, dug, . and as I rode up, an unpaintod coffin : of rough planks Was.; being, l^wored,: into its ? 'Testing-place.1; .The, officer in charge ?- of the post stood beside the grave, witli an open book in his . hand, and read, the burial-service aloud in a clear, hiigh ??..: pitched -voice ; while a gentleman-, in \- plain'clothes, whom T afterwards found to be the surueon,: and ..two ladies, whose , presence there seemed at first' ihcongrpus,' ?'?'. -.Jnit who wfere.the wives .of officers who -had not been deterred by hardship, and peril from following their husbands into frontier exile, stood within the enclosure. _-5ome 'paces fortnervoflyinthe outer yard, i stood. -'6r; lounged ihjKvarib;U9 ..attitudes a groiipi of Indians, 'watching the pro ceediugs'ih. silence. ?They': had Vprobftbly come- 'in, for trading purposes, for they ?liad;',with them' two' laden '??pack-horses, and itheir' number comprised ^almost as many squaws as. warriors; but whatever their errand might be, their appearance, as ;'tliey stood or reclined like so many bronze statues draped in gaudy blan kets, or robes of bleached bison-skin, added to the picturesque character of the scene.,' ; The brief ceremony over, the men were dismissed, and the .. commanding officer closed his book, and, catching sight of me for the first time, drew near tho place where I waa standing beside my horse. 'I suppose, my man, y on belong to Garnham's party.?. You had better/make haste to catch them up,, hadn't you ?', ho called ?'-, out, with something of military imperativeness in thfe tone of his address ; and. then looked hard at, mo, and added, reddening slightly : ' J beg your pardon, .sir. ; I mistook-, you for some loitering teamster of a train that has , just passed, . after discharging government stores. You are perhaps the new deputy-agent from the. Indian Commissioner's, Office — Mr ?Williams?' ' ? - ? '.?I,' briefly explained to the officer who I was,, and , whither bound; and nothing could be more courteous or sympathetic than the re.oeption which I experienced from the little colony of educated persons 'of whom he was the chief. , . , ' ' Every one agreed with thepommandant that 1 could riot do better than travel with Garnham s wagon-train, while regretting, that it was impossible to do much to help me in what might perhaps be the difficult: task of overtaking him. ' [ ?'? ;' You see,' said the officer good naturedly, ' we cannot lend you a horse, ; or sell one, because the few we have. here are the. property of Uncle Sam, and we must not dispose of government beasts. But 'I'll' tell yon, Mr Fern, what I can do, - if you like the notion : we will give your nag a double feed of corn; and if 1 am any judge of horse-flesh , he will be able,- with: no weight on his back, to get fairly -well : through another stage ' or so. Take two hours' rest, and' give us the- pleasure of . your'company meanwhile. . You shall have the; use of a troop?horBe— we : have eight or nine spare ones here, left by the dragoons— for twerity-five miles, andTU send three of the men who know how' ito ride, to escort you across the prairie',- and bring back -the oharger. Your owns mustang; ;having gone so far with an empty , saddle, 'will 'carry you on until you are up with Jem Garnham and his (rain. — No thanks.' One Christian must' help: another in these wild parts.' , ' ' ? j ?I learned that the funeral which X had witnessed was; that of a country woman,ofj my own, the wife of an English emigrant j who, with his family, had taken a passage' by'the wagon- train' to the auriferolis lands' of Idaho or Nevada. -.,..'. ,-? 'Poor Smith had three children, 'the : prettiest little fair-haired, Vthirigsj''.s^id the captain's wife Madly. ; 'but '.the journey in this heat, is a cruel one for the younE; and tender. The poor little .boy ? was dead when ; the wagons came in; and; one'of the girls died two, hours later. The mother had been. ailing', for months^ arid the grief and fatigue together made the fever worse. We did what we could ; ' but she grew delirious, and sank 'terribly1 fast. ' The children were buried yester day ;, and as the train had to 'start atday b'r'eak, the bereaved husband Jcbuld not even see his wife's remains laid beneath the turf. He has gone on into the wild Far West, with the only child that. is left under his sole care; It is not the first time, Mr Fern, that we have, seen melancholy and sudden partings in these regions.' . ? ; In two hours, under the escort of an Irish corporal and two soldiers chosen for their knowledge of the noble art of horse manship, I was 'galloping across the; plains, thanks ' to the kindness of they commandant,- on a big Northern troop, horse, while my black ?mustang, hold'by; the ' bridle, raced : along beside me in a manner that justified me inhoping that, he would get well through the. ensuing stage. I had been warned that I might find the head of the caravan - of which I '? was in chase, rather ' a rough diamond' arid a keen' bargainer,' but that, when once an arrangement had been concluded,, he would prove trusty enough. ' ? ' ; 'Give him!1 iny card, ' on whichl've pencilled a word ' or two';' the.aomraan dant had said smiling ; 'and if that is; not talisman enough, you must invoke; the name of old' Harper, your eccentric; acquaintance, who is a noted Nestor of ' the prairies. Garnham is not a bad fel-' low to his passengers, when once he lias shaken hands'oyer a bargain.' K: . ; ? The Irish corporal, who told me he had; been a whipper-in, long ago,: jn the old country, to Lord Kil-somobody's 'fox-| hounds, was quite, willing to oblige me on the ground of speed ; but 'the soldiers wore less practised' riders, and; we had frequently to pull up and wait until 'they overtook- iis. ?-.??'? By the time ?we had accomplished some twenty ? miles;- of ; the prescribed distance, ' I ; espied ? certain moving objectsblac'k against the southern sky, which the corporal ? conceived to ' be buffaloes, but which on a nearer approach turned '.out to bemounted Iudians. . : -,,?; 'Sure, they'll be friendlies— Osages, belike, or perhaps Pawnee hunters,' said the corporal. ' ' '??U r : '?, I dqn't'think , so, ' corporal,';, said one pi.tli.O'iriiejii; \'See the show of spears and feathered heads they make against the sky-line1! 'Tis too far south for Sioux, too far east; for Apaches: them's Arapa : hoes',, '''or 'perhaps KiowasJ on the. (war path. ' '?''-? ; : s/ .;.??'??;? ;'?,. Very imposing was their aspect — a little ?threatenihg'withal— as they.: hung; like a; hovering hawk, .on ihe horizon ; but after .a few minutes they retreated, and became mere specks, and soon afterwards were seen no more. . v ' : ? '???'.? VVe'.all bredthed more freely 'when the' menacing apparition to ; the .southward . bad vanished. It was of course impossible that we should have seen the Indians without their. seeing, us. Savage man, whose whole' life is spent in struggling for existence, and in snatching 'at food, has usually very quick, far-sighted eyes. My companions wereiri the blue -uniform of the United States, with military caps on their heads'. And rifles at- their ? backs. . We: were but': fourj certainly,' : but .'then the tactics of the wilderness forbid 'useless '.expenditure of valuable lives. Had the wild horsemen, with .their heads bedecked with scarlet feathers, and their crimson blankets streaming in' thie breeze, charged down upon us, their num .bew.inust have;irisured them tlie viotpryj but not without the Ios3 of two or three braves, for whom the death- whoop ? would resound mournfully, mingling with the wail of widows; and orphaned children, in some camp far away among the moun tains.' -Tradition dictates to the abo rigines their own old system of stratagem and surprise,' and no doubt it was to this : that we owed our immunity from instant attack. 'Injuns,' said the corporal: pithily, 'like to get a fistful of trumps afore they begin to play.' And the re mainder of my ride under escort was quite uneventful. ; ' '??'-.?? ' .??' ? ?? : At the . end of Bome five-and-twenty miles of prairie travel, we came to the usual halt in a watered spot, and ate our cold provaions while the horses cropped the grass. Then we parted, not without my slipping; some thankfully received silver. into the. corporal's hard hands'; and the soldiers '.wheeled their horses on the top of the next swell of prairie to wave their caps and give me a cheer of adieu.' -JAnd'then, for about an hour) I rode 'on alone,, until my horse neighed .shrilly,- tossing! his head; towards the .south, whence come, the fitful puffa, the .wind of, the desert. ? T looked' hastily [to the; left; and saw a sight, .'which,rIram not 'ashamed ' . to say^ ,'curdled my' blood ', arid 'made'the c'pld'damppf mortal 'terror start upon my.heated brow.;: The Indians ! There, they werej some; half-mile distant; , oomirig up,-1 swift ^nd'sjleritj-'like'so many 'grim spectres on horseback.. Clearly it was' the 'same 'war-party,' that I had seen while riding with the soldiers. They were neare'r riow,'and were.swobping down ( evidently wiih, the .intention 'of cutting',me ? 'off. . . I could see thpi' tall red ? fe'atheraori their heads, and .their':'; white Bhields and tasselled lances, ? and the beads, and ?fringe';' and' barbaric 'finery that' orna- ? merited, their shaggy steeds.; 'My horse ! neighed again.' Encouraging him: with hand and voice, I urged him on, quicken ing, my pace.' There were some low bushes that screened me for a moment ; and it' was not until E1 had ascended the: hill, and had, to my 'great1 joy, caught sight of twenty whjte^toppe'd waggons and, a droye/ of ; horses. , at some ,' distance— Garpham's caravan, dovibtless-— that the . Indians saw that I was ?? aware of their: approach., ? - - '. ??'??;' '?? ;: ??'?'? '? Then came a race such as few men have ridden, considering the' heavy stake which I had on the .event. I forced my : 'weary mustang on, shouting loudly.: at intervals, in the hope that' the people of the waggon-train might' hear me ;' while the savages, lashing their' horses with incessant, strokes of vtlie^ , whip, rushed: towards, niej striking their open hands upon their mouths, to enhance the, effect; of the 'appalling war-hoop. On they came, brandishing their lances, yelling, . flogging; arid gesticulating like so ' many ? 'demons. They gained' on me, for'my: poor tired horse could' hardly be kept at full speed ; but I spurred pri, turning my head now and then, to see the painted faces of my gha9tly pursuers gradually .draw nearer, as, with loud threats and threatening gestures', they pressed me hard.' Presently, an arrow flew past me, ; and then another, and then I felt a sudden pain,' as if the sting of a wasp had: pierced my right' arm, just above the; elbow, and heard a whoop -?' of : exultation , as at the same time' my horse winced and swerved, hit by an' arrowin -the neok., So near were the Indians, and so deafen-, ing was their olamour; thatiil had hardly noticed the halting of the caravan ; buti now came a shout of another sort— a deep, ; Anglo-Saxon cheer— and a trampling of; horaeB, and crack; - cracking of ' riflea, ?arid : then; my- mustang stumbled, arid. gaver me a severe fall. -I .'recovered: my 'senses; to find: myself with my head; pillowed on nay dead: horse, while 'over 1 ma'. '-bent a broad-shouldered, grizzled ?man,' with silver buttons '? to a homespun, ? coat,1 ' whom I : guessed to be Jem' G;arn ham. ^ ???* No bones broke, but the arrow; ihas gone 'clean through the chap's arm,'', said 'the - trader gruffly.' ; '. Open ? your mouth, young fellow, and -let's -hear who; you;be, and what you'are after.' ;?;. ?I found Mr Garnham to fbe. very much what thecommandantat the fort had rep're laehted him' to be. He was : not byvitjy means a bad fellow, but he wasmo'rose of ;mannerj;and had a^sharp eye: to; the main! chance. By his; promptness ; 'in coining to the rescue, he -had' undoubtedly saved my life ; but when; it came to j a question of- the pecuniary; consideration for which he was to takevme on across the plains to the Rocky Mountains, he was utterly .unreaaoriable. That I was help less and alone in the midst of a prairie, where,-if abandoned, I must periah by the hands of the savage enemy, was, in the eyes of the master of the caravan, an additional inducement to make what he called a '. slapping profit ' of the transac tion. Had I been a poor man in search of work, I suspect he would have '.sworn at me for tho trouble I gave, offered me a teamster's place without wages, and taken me oh with his company'.' . But I had money.;,:, and he was unconscionable enough to demand 'three hundred dollars for my .fare to tho'border'a 'of Montaria; Ho.wever,, .by exhibiting '.: the , comman dant's ;? card, ?and, '-, still betterj the few blotted' lines of' intrbductiori' ' with which I. had,, been favoured, by , old Harper, I brought this mercenary Samari tan to consent to more moderate terms, I ?wastopiyorie hundred dollars, and for this I was not merely to be conducted to the Montana boundaries but the trader pledged himself to borrow a horse for me from some one of hie friends, on which I might reach Oarthnge. : ; ? ; ' - '' And now,' ; aaid the caravan chief, when the necessary ceremony* of liarid shaking, had been- gone.; through, and! had paid earnest ; in - the shape af a fifty dollar note, ' I calculate, as you [are town-bred, Mister, and not as tough as some of us WeBterri men, you had better get into yonder wagon, and ride quiet, for the rest of to-day. Tomorrow, I'll clap you on horseback again; if you like it best, but after that- rattling fall your bones must ache, rather. My lads have taken your saddle and traps off the dead bit of horse flesh there ; so here's a horn of whisky ; and now jump in, and sleep if you like. You'll find a Britisher there, poor chap, a»d hia child— meebe they told you that history at the fort.' ; 1 was glad to creep in under the screen of the white wagon- tilt, and sat down on a cotton mattress beside the unlucky widower, a meek, civil, - little man, 'Who afterwards told me '-that he was s* a Gloucestershire mechanic, a' grainer and painter, who had been allured to emigrate by- accounts of Californian prosperity; 'but who now sat like one stupefied,' with'Ws head buriecUinhia handa. i The poor little girl,; weary with1' sobbing, and overcome by the heat and fatigue, was asleep,', with the glistening trace's of tears still visible on, her pale cheek. - ? \i'h ,??'? ?''-? There'' is ' nothing niore'' to ' relate concerning the remainder of ' the journey, so long as I made it under the auspices of the redoubted 'Jem Garnham. ? Some times I rode on one of many spare horses, and at1 other times I 'took'- a seat1 in:'the w'igoh where'iriy disconsolate 'countryrnari and his little daughter were established. Children are seldom long' in 'making my acquaintance, and thi3 orphaned little creature soon became very friendly, and would nestle by my side, and ? fall asleep with her head on my shoulder. At her age, kindness consoles more:'quicklyithari'can ever be the case with those who are old1 enough to know the full' extent of the loss they ;have sustained, and I ransacked my memory for nursery tales, and re peated or invented, nursery, rhymes for her entertainment, until her first sorrow grew'lo'sB. The father continued for the most part moody and silent, as if spirit broken ; but at times he was more talka- ' tive, and I could see that he was a well disposed fellow enough; with a certain amount of , cleverness, : but without the stnrdy robustness' of mind and body which the settler in a-hew country should ?possess. The child cried: bitterly when, on the' limits of the Montana Territory, their English fellow-traveller left; the caravan ; and poor Smith' himself drew, the back of his' hand across his blood-shot eyes, a3 he said huskily : ??' Good-bye, sir, and thank- you for beingso kind. : I, shall feeV lonelier now, if that ? can be', : than I did before. ' ' ?? And so they pursued their, journey :with the' caravan,' while I,: mounted on a hired horse,: set off for Carthage. : -??-- '??'. ; ,. ' Montana, as its name implies, is a rugged region of cliffs and dales, nestling,, among the southern spurs of the Rocky ,M6untairi range, and full of glens whete^ pretty' cataracts;., like, streams ,of inolten: silver, fall' neglected over rocks of many a brilliant' tint, and of shattered crags capped by gigantic cedars, and carpeted with climbing plants. Large butterflies : of strange and gaudy hues flitted among the tufts of wild flowers, that grew in, every nook and cleft ; and more, than once; 'the graceful forms and tapering; horns'-- of ' a herd -of antelopes shewed' themselves on, the summit of -some pre cipitous robk,: too. steep to be scaled, by mani ?'','r'.; At, another;- time, the. scenary through which' I passed might 'have tempted me to linger, but now I scarcely gave any heed to the objects around me, absorbed as, 1 was in my eagerness to .re'aoH'V Carthage in; time. ?':?!- passed the 'night which succeeded my departure from the caravan, in- a. roadside, ;inn ; and by four o'clock' i'n'th'e afternoon' of the next day I 'found myself, with a beating heart, drawing, very- near indeed tu my destina tion'. . . '''??-.-.. , ' 'Take -the turn to the loft, after yew come' in sight of tho cross wheer the Spaniard war murdered ??;'. such had been 'the instructions of my fast informant as to the road ; ''and push slick on through the cunyon, Mister, and yew'll find the town, such as 'tis. I wonder what they'd have said in old Baltimore, wheer this child war riz, to a huddle of fifty houses that says it's a town.' : I rode . on through the deep ravine, with towering walls of rock on either hand, and a brawling stream beneath, which is locally called a canon, and pre sently caught a glimpse of shingled roofs and white wails flashing through the - clumps of glossy evergreen foliage. Tho ' heat was stifling ; and ; the -air, through which the hollow hum of innumerable in sects and the shrill chirp of. the. prairie cricket and the cicala resounded, ? was parched and unref resiling, while the sun struck down_upori me, between the rocky walla,; ' like -the fiery shafts ? of Phoebus. My right arm was stiff and painful where the; arrow had wounded me, for' though the hurt wasslight, ifh'ad added to the fever of , my blood, and besides, ?? IP was sadly, way worn and spent with '? excessive fatigue arid 'exposure to the sun's1 full, power, never so much felt as on the shade l.ss plains. But here was Carthage at last ;,,and I had been so diligent,, that; I felt a3sure'd,,uriless sonie unexpected acci dent had precipitated. 'the trial of the prisoners, of being in time tb| save Willy's life. 'The, thought; of that gendej, ' gener ous boy in the' hands of prejudiced '. arid untutored ruffians, .his sel£-elected ,' jailers arid' judges, ' nerved mo yet ^as it nad nerved me throughout the long and ardu ous journey. But, aa the hunted deer often reaches the safe covert only to bleed and die, so did; 1 feel more weary, more ill, when on the eve of gaining the spot that I had. toiled so hard, to reach, than at any a previous period of that difficult ride. .'.-....... I rode into the; long straggling street, interse cted by narrow lanes, that led up or down the wooded glen in which the so called town was ? built, and , irregularly, lined with houses, some of which were mere log-huts or cabins of rough planking, while others were larger and more preten tious. There were four or five tall hotels or taverns,: and a store or 'two, : and some long ranges of .stabling for : horses and mules. Most of the houses had gardens, more' or less well stocked; and where, often overgrown -with vines; and,, creeping plants. Under an -enormous .;tree were three ; or -if our /knots , of Mexicans, , sitting around little tables, smoking , their paper^-; cigars -and sipping, chocolate, while a gipsyjHteatured fellow, in a broad-brimmed 'hat;, and a faded .suit ..of: green .velvet, twanged ,his,; guitar, for .their (.entertain- ment. On another. scrap tpf sward, -shaded by an evergreen oak, there snt-around a cask turned on end, which for. ,- a .time did duty as a card-table, four bearded men in the red shirt and felt hat, the heavy boots, suit of slop-clothes, and : bandana, cravat, of the regular gold-digger.., . .There they were, pipe in mouth, playing, poker,, or some such' refiried game, biit as1 they were sober,! or nearly, so, I determined to address them.' ' Wants/to knbw wheer preacher ' lives,' the stranger1 does. Reverend Aretas White ! Wall, .Mister, barring a Mormon' missionary, who^is a tailor, to trade, soiilp me if I know of a parson hereabouts ! ' Reverend White-! Therri. Mexicans, with their yaller fap'osj have ; got a priest of their own, but he talks Spanish like themselves., Don't see, for my. part, how a preacher1 could scratch. a living among us mining chaps. Nobody wants to be married— there's no babies to christen— and a3 for burying, that's done ' without fuss; -You've come to the wroncr diggings', stranger.' ,--, ! ', 'The spokesman of the poker players had obviously told me honestly, all .he knew, so 'that 'I had no resource but to ride on..; I did not quite . like to inquire the i way to' the 'prisbn,and be sides I doubted whether I should easily procure perriiiasion to visit my brother, unless I were dc'companiedby some'person Veil- known' to' the: . authorities; -'.'- To find the good-hearted' hiinister' who !'had warned me of Willy's danger was. clearly ' my, best course, arid it 'suddenly occurred to me that' the post-master, of all nien in the town, would be able to ,enlighteri' me as to'1 the. Rev.. MrWhite's address. I'. . did not even, know where iriy brother's lodgings were 'situated. Such a town'1 as Carthage has no letter-carriersj.no riatned Btreets, and riumbered; houses. Those who hope, for a, letter, call for it at the apology.. for a post-office, where some deputy's 'deputy doles but the correspond ence to thosewhp claim it; 'I addressed myself,; theref ore, to' a laid' who' was whittling a stict before a tavern door;'; . ?.!« ,W.ant; tp; know wheer ^poBt-pffi'ce is ? You mu'at be a rare Jacky.Newcqme, not to know ! buttheer, by the stump of the old cedar, where^you see i the big yellow aquashea inside the fence,' is Gregg the post- master's,' and if he don't happen, to , be asleep, or;in liquor, he'll' attend. to you,' answered the stripling. I. dis- mounted, for . my , horse ,wa3, , weak,, ;,arid lame, and, with the bridle over my ; arm,, advanced towards the garden, , where the ripe gourds lay mellowing in the sunshine. There' were two or .three white houseB, of decent' appearance, ,'between me and this .'ruatic.post-offioe, and as 1 limped vrewily ;. ' -on, a voice from an upper window.;, struck upon.my.ear: ??-.???!?? ? ? '? ??,,?? ...?..' ?.r,-:,-,,-v ? :«.' Why; it can't be ? George— George; old fellow— is it you or your ghost I'Who on earth, dear old chap, would', have thought of seeing you here, as if you; had dropped from the moon !' , ,-? ,-... ? ?.-.! I looked up. There, at an open window, with a blue crisketing- cap resting ; lightly on his fair curls, was Willy him self. There was no sign of recent suffer ing in his fresh, frank, young face, as he bent forward to . hail me. The sole expression of his, eyes was ' that of unmitigated wonder.' There he was, free, well, and happy-looking, he, for whose sake I had done and : borne so much, under the firm impression that I, and I alone, could rescue him from the hangman's hands. I staggered, and let the bridle drop from my benumbed arm, and then, for a moment ;I; stood staring stupidly up at Willy, trying hard, but in vain, to rally my ideas. - ?' 'So, you are released. Thank Heaven for that !' I gasped out, at last. .\ 'Released I' exclaimed my brother, in a tone of the most unfeigned surprise. ' ' Who in the world was to release me and from, what ? But, George, poor' dear old boy !' he added in sudden alarm, aa he got a better.view of my haggard eyes and thin face ;.' you aro ill, old fellow. Come in ; or, stop ; I'll' — -' ?- ;. I heard no , more. The houses, the trees, the rocks ou the mountain-side, all seemed to spin before my dazzled eyes as if they were spokes in a giant, wheel that wasbeginnirig slowly to revolve. '-..? There were strange noises in my ears, as of a flood rushing on to overwhelm me ; and my unf eebled limbs no longer obeying my will, I sank down on the dusty road, and it seemed to grow dark nil at once, as if night hadcom'e.'' ' ' ' ,The next thing I remember was that I was in bed in a bright, trim, little robin, with, flowers in the window, many sketches, coloured or in crayons, pinned to the walls, and an easel with a half finished picture in a corner. Beside me was Willy, looking very pale and anxious. There was another man present,' a rough unshorn fellow, with stains of mud and gravel onhis;miner's clothes, but -.whom iguessed, by the case of instruments ho -was putting up, to be, in the intervals of gold-digging, a surgeon. He had just bled me, for my arm. was tied up, and he was wiping the keen blade of the lancet. -'? 'He -is conscious now,' said the dootor. ? . My memory recalled a name. ' Willy,' said I, 'I; came because' a man you know, a clergyman, the Reverend Aretaa White,- of ;this' place' ? ; ,. .,., ' 'No Buoh minister here, you may take your bath of that !' returned the /bluff surgeon; and then I fainted again, and; for some days lay between IKe and death. v. (V o be continued.) .?.'?????:?. 