fjtoMist. THE MYSTERY or . MAJOR MOLINEUX BY MARCUS CLARICE. CHAPTER ^V. — ( Continued .) . ? A VOICE roused me from my reverie. Major Molineux himself was at my side. ' Fayre,' said he, ' I have over heard the last words of your con versation. I do not expect you to pay attention to tne vulgar fancies of an ignorant hind. The story of the wretched being who lies buried at your feet .is neither part of my history nor does it. concern my ? family. The romance which was sought to be woven around his ? nn. -.T ? Jl ? -i t. ^ bUHb ui my uear sisters husband has been long ago proved false, and it was perhaps the grati fication of a desire to preserve from derision the last resting-place of a man more sinned against than sin ning which caused the report to first obtain circulation. . When my niece came to live with me I caused the fence, which formerly sur rounded Arthur Savary's grave, to be removed, and, unless some chattering imbecile like old Bagally had informed her of the story, this portion of the park possessed for her no more interest than any other. The phantasies of women \- are innumerable.' He spoke rapidly, and with some heat. It was quite evident that he expected a renlv. and n. rlii'flff. nn» 'No one, Major Molineux,' said I, 'is less superstitious than my self, but I have seen so much of what is termed superstition resolve itself into fact, that I am not pre pared to pronounce any fantasy of the imagination as wholly baseless. But before we proceed further, let ? iuo leei sure oi my ground, jl came here only in my character as a phy sician in attendance upon a patient who has been made unavoidably your guest. I find myself face to face with an extraordinary enigma —yourself. Your peculiar studies, your secluded life, above all, your strange disappearance from all so ciety on one day in tlie week, have '.AnUn.J ? : ? vwmuiuow cu -ituae iu Hit; it uuxiubiuy which I cannot stifle# What is the mystery which darkens your life ?' Major Molineux planted himself firmly on his feet, and took both my hands in his own. His face . was deadly pale, and he seemed to be nerving himself for a great effort. 'Do . not turn from me. Do not \- shun me,' he said. ' Had it not been for your persistence, I had never spoken. Bagally is right. One day ? in each week I am possessed by a devil.' . ' ' Come, come,' said I, a little shaken, despite my' self-control, as the powerful old man searched my eyes .with his, ' there are many sorts , of . devils — devils ?, of wrath; and devils sof discontent, and we all are dqw and then, at the mercy of such.'' . ?' Ay,' said Major Molineux, ' but i to be possessed, as I am, by — , no, I cannot speak it, I could not repeat, nor could you listen to the ? tale. Forget what I have said, and' \- —he Dressed mv arm with nain ful violence — swear ,to mention to ? no living soul that which I have unguardedly betrayed.' 'A physician's lips are sealed without an oath,' said I. 'You may rely on me. And now I must see Miss Rochford. Let us go in.' He regained his self-possession . before we. reached the house, not during the day was the subjec again mentioned between us. I thought it better for the develop ment of the case to permit my patient — for so I now considered him — to begin a confidence which I feared might be withdrawn if I pressed him too closely. Seeing that I touched only on indifferent matters, he presided at dinner with his customary composure, and en tertained us all with the stores of a mind acquisitive of information and fastidious in the imparting of it. ? 'The old gentleman was never more amusing,' said Rochford, as I parted from him in the hall. ' Wnen we move, iJeatrice, ill ask him. to come to Ashmead; the change would do him good.' ? ' Ask him, by all means,' said I, ' and I will second your entreaties. If we can once break the chain of recurring events in his life we may give him another lease of it. Our intrusion, unwelcome though it was at first, has already roused him into something like gaiety. Miss Roch ford should be well enough in a fortnight to be moved, for her case looks in every way favourable.' ' How can I ever repay you for your kindness ? said Rochford. I knew a method by which he could repay me a thousandfold, but I did not think it wise to mention it at that moment. Alas! events soon occurred which rendered it impossible for me to ever ask that favour which I prized so highly. , On Wednesday afternoon, Major Molineux begged to see me alone. He led the way ' to his library, carefully closed the door, and, after much prelude, began to talk about his malady. 'I wish to ask you,' said he, ' if it is possible for a man to, be mad and know that he is mad?' ' There are different kinds of madness,' said I, feeling that I .must speak with caution. ' An in sane man may have lucid intervals during which he reviews acts done during the period of his ? insanity, and condemns them. A man may have an uncontrollable impulse to commit a certain act — as to jump out of a window, for instance — and yet be quite conscious of the folly, and even wickedness, of his morbid promptings. I knew a case in India of a soldier who was seized with just such a morbid desire. He felt compelled to murder some one very near aud dear to him, aud at last deserted in order to do it. Arrived in the town where the ntended victim lived, he absolutely had himself tied up by the people of the inn, until the proper authori ties could be sent for to secure him. Some months afterwards the object of his morbid' lust for blood died, and the man at once recovered. He describes his sufferings while resisting his impulse as terrible. Surely no devil worse than this could possess a man. And yet he could hardly be called mad.' ' xou give me a iew grains ox comfort,' said Major Molineux, 'though I have no such fearful impulse as that which you describe. Every week, from ten o'clock on Wednesday night until ten o'clock on Friday morning, I am the prey to the most bestial and awful delu sion which it has entered into the mind of man to conceive. I know I il,„t «?,„ Jn mv /-.rnn Vivnin and that I am but the dupe of imagination. But where that fault lies I have sought in vain to- find. Science brings me no solace, and, though my sense laughs at my imagination, I dare not confront the hideous thing which my im agination has created to mock my sense. ' You are not alone in your mis fortune, dear sir,' said I. ' There have been many men,' haunted by phantoms, who have lived to make them but a source of amusement. The operation of ghost seeing is simple enough. We recall a land scape, which we have seen. We will it to return, and it is instantly present. . J-IUH is LU aay uwu m project from us that which we wish to recall, and look at it, and listen to it, as if it were again external to us. An artist draws a dead face from memory, while a musician plays an air forgotten; by his hearers — the same effort too, of will, which recalled the lineaments of a corpse, and the'notes of the opera, could people a house with ghosts, and fill the darkness with the voices of the dead. _ i ' Ah,' said the .Major, with a sigh, 'mine is no such illusion as those which you have mentioned. No voices of angel or of demon snfitik to mp. No faces, erotesaue or enchanting, present themselves to my gaze. ? My delusion, and delusion it is, though sometimes I am half persuaded of its truth, is so horrible, so damning, so fearful in its naked insistance of the beast in our fallen natures that I have been tempted not once, but a hundred times, to set my spirit free from the o'rtnl_/lac.+*»rtt»ir»rf Kan/la rtrhinli Pn wrap it.'' He spoke with sober vehemence and appalling earnestness. ' That this feeling is part of the delusion I know, but that does not make it more bearable. For nine years I have endured a weekly agony compared with which the keenest torments of man's devising are as naught. In body and in soul I have suffered more than tongue can tell. Save that my reason did not desert me, I should have speedily qualified myself for a place beside the poor wretch over wli/ten rfrnvn T nnrrfooco/l mw tsowof ? and yet I ask you, can I lay claim to tho possession of reason when I am the sport of an imagining so foul as that which torments me ?' ' But,' said I, gently, ' you have not yet told me the nature of this delusion.' 'I dare not,' said Major Moli neux. ' You would quit tho house. To no human ear can I speak the history of my unspeakable degra dation.' He rose suddenly. ' To-morrow is Thursday,' hesaid, ' come into my room to-night, and a--a what. T flivvfi r\nf RTionlr ' rmd Vm left me. Miss Rochford had regained con sciousness, and I hoped that the next few days would see her in a fair way of recovery. Mrs. Roch ford had laughed off her fears, and attributed, as I did, the visitant's face to a more mortal source than that of the wandering soul of a suicide. Rochford was in high spirits at the approaching depar ture, and even Mrs. Pennithorne seemed less terrified than usual. I could not have had a more pro pitious hour for the investigation of the mystery, which had baffled, me, and I waited with much anxiety for midnight, whioh — being about the time I had seen Bagally on the previous week— was, I thought, a customary hour with the Major for talcing his oddly-timed meal. I was not amiss in my calcula tions. As the timepiece in the liall rang out the hour, the old convict appeared with the tray. ?' Your master has desired me to see him,' I said, ' and I will, go up with you.' 'As you please,' said Bagally, roughly ; ' but take care.' ; He led the way along the great corridor until he came to a double door. ' If he is not waiting on the other side,' said he, 'you'll be lucky,' and, opening a slide in the panel, he pushed in the tray with its bur then, bolting the panel quickly. I stood uncertain how to act. Bagally turned to descend the stairs. ' Will you not go in ?' I asked. 'Not for all the money in Ho bart,' said the man, his very hair bristling. 'Listen.' I bent my ear to the door, and could distin guish the confused sounds of voices. 'TMhn ic 1,™ 9' T oflrn/l But the old servitor had left me. I was alone, and from the other side of the oak panel came a sound which caused my blood to curdle in my veins. In another instant' I should have fled. ' Molineux ! Major Molineux !' I cried, and rapped at the panel, The door shot back, and I entered. The passage was pitch dark ; but in the distance I could see a lighted candle in what appeared to be a bedroom. I advanced towards it. 'vu„ .i ? ? v,, „ „.,,i t J.11C UUUi OUUb UUlilUU AllC, UUU JL felt someone place what seemed to be a hand on my shoulder. Major Molineux was right. Words refuse to lend themselves to the de piction of that which the horror fixed eye saw in that lonely chamber. CHAPTER VI. Mrs. Rochford was the only person whom I met at the breakfast table the morning after my visit to Major Molineux's room. The Major himself, for reasons which I could readily appreciate, desired to post pone, as long as' possible, an inter view with one who had become possessed of his unhappy secret, and Rochford had intimated his intention of arriving later in the dav. Now, that his daughter was out of danger, there was really no real reason for his presence, which, indeed, was a daily element of dis turbance in the sick room. ' When do you think that Beatrice can be moved?' asked Mrs. Rochford. ' I long to have her at home again under my own roof; for, though Major Molineux is most kind and attentive, I ex perience a .sense of depression in this house wnicii i cannot snaice off.' 'I quite agree' with you that the sooner Miss Rochford is got home the better,' I replied, 'though the feeling of which you speak is attributable only to your own anxiety, and perhaps in som measure to the unwonted quietude of Castle Stuart after the bustle of Ashmead. Nevertheless, we must be cautious. I never like to disturb a case of fracture, however slight, for at least twenty days, and we have been here j but barely seven.' . 'True,' she said; this is Friday. II had forgotten,' and her glance at the vacant place at the foot of the table noted to me the circum stance which had escaped her memory. S'oiWn sliflih confusion in mv manner must have betrayed me, for, with a woman's quickness, she said, suddenly, Doctor Fayre, you. look worn and ill this morning Tell me, do you know anything about this mystery of Major Moli neux?' ' My dear madam,' I said, ' I am a doctor, and I cannot speak even indirectly of matters which have come to my knowledge in the exercise of my profession. Major Molineuxj has been complimentary enough to ask my advice upon cer t.nin nnint.Knnrmpp.tnrl with liic hpn.lt.1l. but I am as yet but very partially in formed as to his case.' ' Nay,' said she, ' I did not mean to put an impertinent query ; but it nas occurred to me tnat, in return for the Major's kindness to my daughter, Beatrice might, byand bye, rouse him from his melancholy, and even win his confidence as to the secret cause of his malady.' If you have ever chanced, when in conversation, to hear a phrase innocently uttered which conveys to your private ear a world of esoteric meaning, you will compre hend the quick pang I felt at this sudden approximation of two ideas. Beatrice and my patient of last night ! That pure girl and that most unhappy being, whose hide ous hallucination made him doubt ful of his humanitv. When a student in Paris, I had seen the body of a beautiful girl exposed on' a dissecting-table for some needful demonstrations in anatomy. The sight shocked me then, and as, obedient to the law of association, the picture of that nerveless figure, so passive under the searching knife and exploring eye, rose again before me, I almost saw the pallid features shape themselves into a likeness of those of Beatrice. ' Do not think of such a thing, madam,' I cried. ' It is quite im possible. Miss Beatrice must never know aught of the — ' and I stopped abruptly. , Was I not already com mitting myself ? ? (To be ctmiinticdj 