Amusements. The nausiciFevents of the week have included one of seme note, namely, the performanca of a lyric work by M. H. Kowalski, the distinguished pianist. The piece is «tyl«d 'Vercingetorix,' and the atory or srgament of it is founded up«n the love of a Gallic maiden, named Imctera, for Yeraingetorix, a Gallio chief, whom his countrymen have selected as their leader ia the defence of their territory, invaded by tha legions of Julius Cffisar, and npon the deep sease of duty of Veroingetorix himself. Luotera earnestly | and passionately implores her lover to disclaim the daneerous honour of becoming leader of i the Gallic host, but h« gently but firmly declines to a accede to her xeqnest. Voroingetorix having ao- ' eepted the command, prosecutes defence with vigour, jand achieves partial sucoesBes.bat being- surrounded in Alesia, a fortified town in Gaul, and seeing the { complete annihilation of his hopes, submits to the . assembled Gallio chiefs the n«cessity of surrendering to Coasar conditionally upon tho inhabitants and trar rison of Aleeia ueiait spared, and unconditionally as to himsslf. Casar accepts these conditions, and i instead of foremnghis generqns and vali&nt; but j ? unfortunate foe, he causes him to bjj bound with I chains and 6ent to Borne, there to adorn his trramDhal j estrv into the Eternal City, and await his fate. During the progress of the procession, Veroingetonx, j who is dressed in pnre white, is seized by lictors an-i j j hurried away to the Msmiaartine pjrison, in iieme, j and Deheaded. His bleeding head is then impaled , upon a lance fixed in the ground, and exposed to 3 Caesar's xemoxsofless gaze as tne lattar reaebes.a ! higher point ir his march up the Capitol. It must be - obvious to our readers that a theme of this . kind affords a very wide scope for the ' display of creative musical ability. Affecting \ love passages, mueic descriptive of patriotism I , mingled with the tenderness of passion, raelo- j drasaatvo strainE, oiarebes suitable to a barbarous triumph, and almost every other varisty of musical composition find fitting places in a work of this kiad. It is tmqrcestionably a fine theme, ', and it has been graadly treated by Kowaleki. Our spaoe is eo oconpied with other matters that we . are obliged to avoid details, and confine our attention t-$ the general features of tho work. Of the merits of the poetry we are usable to say any thing, for the ob vious reason that not a word of it could be heard, and we had not been furnished with a copy, in the absence, therefore, of positive knowiedge, we shall assume that it was excellent. The chief character istics of the music are dramatic propriety, originality, orchestral .surprises and devices, and melodiousness. Tho solos are all intensely original, not a trace, not even the ghost, ef a known melody being perceptible amongst them. The melodies are not constructed on the Italian model, nor yot on the Franoh, and they aro too spirituelle to bs Germanic. The choruses are lively, and the orchestral pieces which alternate with, the vocal ones are mostly distinguished by great lyric beauty. Indeed any composer might well be proud of being the author of tbo ooacluding portion of the lirst part of the work. The author has availed himself of the qualities of almost every instrument in the orchestra, and has most anccessinlly used them in the tone colourino; of his music. Sigoor& Boema sang divinely, and without flattery might te truly called a Diva. Her voico ran? through, the vast space which it Lad to fill with unfaltering Bweetness and power. A large amount of praise is also Hue to Signora Palma for a successful rendition of her part, although her voice, owiiBg'toits quality, was ssvBrely taxed. Mr. Farley raids a fair Ambrokino. The space was too much for Miss 'Williams, although to those who were near her she eanj? well. jhe usual disagreeables of a prome nade conoert had to be endured, and helped to mar to some extent the softer passages of the music. A lover might pour out hia soul in lyric sighings as soft as Olympian zephyrs, and yet not one of his sighs wo*l-l be beaxa amid the shnfHing of two or three thousand feet. Tho Gar den Palace, considered acoustically, is about as bad a plaoe as one could well imagine iu which to bring out a new musical work ; and, in fact, during this fine weather, such a work would sound very much better in the --pen air than inside thebuilding. M. Eowalski' s work is truly a great and seritorioue one, and will stand the test of time. With suitable dramatic and ecenie accessories, and a few additional solos, it would mako a very fine opera. We think thore werfl fully 10,000 people present at the cdnoert. The performance is to be repeated this evening. 