' :^\ BEMERAL MEWS. A SonooL of Arts has boon oponod afc Ashfield. The dotiblo tramway lino in Oxford- street waa openod for traffic on Saturday last. The railway lino from Bdon to Monavo io being surveyed. ? A friendly feeling now provailo between the Holy Soo and fcho Gorman Government. The sum of £1370 hao boon subscribed in Sydney for tho relief of tho persecuted Jews in South Russia. The residents of Albuvy have held ;i public meeting to prol.cufc against the ualo of Crown Lands by auction. Ajjout 23,000 faros wove collected on tho tram line to Kandv/iekon Saturday, representing about 6000 people travelling to and fro. A PunTHKR extension of the South- Western Railway was openod from Navrandora to Darling ton Point, on Thursday week. After tho ceremony banquot was given. The Government have docided not to quaran tine any medical man who may bo connected with small-pox cases, provided ho takes proper pre oautiono. ? The tender of Meagre. O'Rourko and M'Shany has boon nccoptod for tho construction of the socond section of tho railway lino from'Bunda borg to Mount Perry. Tho amount is £112,502. The curriors' strike for 8 hours, which has Ia3ted for 28 weeks, hao terminated, and tho mon have boon obliged to give way and resumo work on the old terms owing to tho want of fundo. DimiNC! the rebuilding of his promises Mr. J. L. Hordern, draper, of Pitt-street, is carrying on business in an elogant temporary shop on the same site. Complaints havo been mado respecting tho annoyance caused by larrikins who infoot Forest Lodge, at night-time. Throwing bricko at people is one of their favourite amusements. The Government) has, at tho request of Mr. Hugh Taylor, J.P., approved of tho mim of £500 being placed on the Estimates for improvements to Parramatfca Park. This Minister for Works has proraioed that a trial survey will shortly bo made from South Gundagai to Tumut via Adolong for the pur poses of a tramway or railway. Last Saturday at noon a firo broke out on tho promises of Iaaao Israol, grocer, Goulburn-atreot. A small brick building containing a quantity of hay, corn, etc., with its contents was destroyed. The criminal charge of libeJ against John Ferguson, proprietor of tho Parramatta Evening Times, hoard al the Parramatta police court, has resulted in the ommittal of tho accused for trial to tho Darlinghursfc quarter sessions, bail allowed. The total amount subscribed by tho public for tho Rout family, including proceeds of tho Hercules Amateur Dramatic Club's benefit, is £105 03 lOd. The sum has boon handed ovor to Mra. Rout. The seventh annual show of tho Albury and Border Agricultural Society was held on Wednes day, and, although small as compared with many of the shows of tho year nearer Sydney, waB fairly BUCcesBful in many respects. On Monday evening a fire broke out in a ?weatherboard store, off Sussex-street, occupied by Messrs. Tate Brothers, produce merchants. The upper portion of the building with its contents ?was destroyod, Mrs. John Keko-an, whilo fumigating an upper room in her houao in Oxford-street a few evenings ago, sot fire to tho bed, and nearly burnt the place down. Tho fire was extinguished by the neighbours. Thirty feot of rich iron sfcono has just beon discovered at Mount Keira, about threo miles from Wollongong. The stone is considered equal to .the best Staffordshire ironstone, and can be worked by adit with tho mountain. SENiOE-consfcable Frieze,, of Lambton, shot him self dead with a rifle last Saturday morning. He had been dospondont for some time past, owing to his wife being sont for tho second time to Gladesvillo Asylum. Ho leaves ten children. Mb. H. V. Proctor, of Bungonia, complains that goods sent from tho country by railway fre quently arrive at their destination short of the quantity forwarded. He had made complaints to the Railway Department, but had not been able to get any redress. At the Maitland Quarter Sessions, on Saturday, Alexander Lindsay, of Newcastle, after ty/o days' trial, was found guilty of wilful perjury, with a recommendation to mercy. Judge Dowling sen tenced him to two years' hard labour. A pettier, named Abraham Stott, was knocked down and killed, it ia. supposed, by tho down mail train at Chinn'o bridge, near tho Cross Roads, Penrith, on Sunday, His head and right foot were nearly severed. Tho body was removed to Penrith by Sergeant .Fowler'. Two of the rival Boullors who entered foi* the Walker Whisky Trophy— R. Edwards, of Mel bourne, and Donald M'Donald, of the Clarence River, have been matched to bcuII for £100 aside, in outi- iggers. Tho race is to take place on Tues day afternoon, September 13. At the recent sittings of the District Court, in Newcastle, Judge Dowling, in adjudicating on a case, said: — 'A man has to provido his wife ?with the necesBaries of life, but no wife can borrow money with tho intention of buying such necessaries. If she does so, the husband is not responsible for its repayment.' In the Assembly tho other evening Mr. Watson stated that ifc was not true that tho bridge over the Murrumbidgee at Wagga Wagga was insecure, and that mon were in constant attendance to repair injury done by the traffic, or that other cylinders wore to bo put downj^to strengthen the bridge. Mr. Alfred Lamb, of tho central wharf, near Dawes Point, has now at work in his establish ment Boveral improved wool-dumping and paling presses. Tho invention is American, and there are four proases at work. The pressure is almost instantaneous as soon as tho bales are placed in position, and can bo regulated to any dogree re quired. t- -? — Owners of dogs aro romindod that September is tho month for renewing thoir registration. A number of people are being removed from infected houses to tho sanitarium at Long Bay. OakroTjIi, tho superintendent of tho qucrantino station, waa suspended by tho Government from duty on Ttioodcy. Mr. Biutowd, inspector oi: pavomonta to fcho City Council, hao beon dismissed for nogloct of duty. A Royal Commiasion has boon appointed fco inquiro into tho scandalous mismanagement at the quarantine station. With tho view of further accommodating wool buyers mid other persona who engage in buuineno with them, .Messrs. Harrison, Joneti, and Dovlin havo just had apasaongor elevator orooted in thoir extensive promines at Circular Quay. lihi. Amos Torroy, tho quartormaotor of tho steamship City of Wow York, whioh was lying off Cockatoo Island, whilo ongagod putting on tho fore hatches on Tuoaday morning, foil down tho hold, and was killed instantaneously. On TuoHday, tho first day of the Tamworth ahow, there woro 700 persona prosont. Tho show altogether was a success, tho horticultural dis play, considering tho eoaaon, being good. Farm ing produce was alco good, although not plenti ful. Dr.- Simms entered upon his ooeond course of lecturoo this v/oek. Wo should like to give an extended notice of tho excellent lectures, but spaco forbids. Every one, howovor, who is able to enjoy an intellectual treat and to acquire at the same time useful knowledge should not miss tho Doctor's lectures. A youth named William D. Mair, omployod as a cleric in tho Australian Mutual Provident Society, was arrostcd on Monday morning on a a charge of having utterod a, certain receipt for tho Qum of £73 to tho society with in tent to defraud. Mair was brought beforo tho Water Police Court and remanded i'or a week on bail. The subject of providing the means of com municating intelligence from one part of a train, to another had been under the consideration of tho Government for some time, and permission having recently been obtained from tho patentees to uoo Winter's electric system of intercom munication, directions have been given to make a trial of it as early as practicable). Mr. E. G-. Cronin, the late superintendent for roads at Bowenfels, was, on tho ovo of his depar ture for the Hay district, presented with a splen did watch, a purse of sovereigns, and an illuminated address, expressive of tho esteem in which he was held by tho residents of tho district. The names of Sir Alfred Stephen and otlrer prominent citizens aro appended to the documont. The contractors for tho Glebo and Camper down tramway havo commonced work in Parra inatta-streot, near tho Redforn railway- station,, The lino will be double along Puvramatfca-road, and will branch off along Globo-afcreefc in one direction, and towards Campordown in tho other, so as to aocommodato travellers from both these municipalities. Owing to ill-health, Mr. Joseph Clayton ha a beon compelled to resign tho ofilce of City Treasurer after nearly 40 years' administration. His term ceased l»3t week, and Mr. C. H. Lines, who has occupied tho position of head cashier for the pact 16 years, is undertaking the duties sub ject to tho Oouncil'n confirmation of hia appoint ment by the Mayor as City Treasurer. A FIRE occurred at Ludford, Elizabeth Bay, tho residence of Mr. F. W. Elliott, on Sunday morning. A portion of tho building, together with some Eurniture, was dootroyed, and a con siderable amount of damage done by water. The same day a fire took place oil the premises of Mr, Joseph Christmas, grocer and hay and corn dealer, Parramatta Boad, near Norton-streets. The damage done was estimated at £150. By the City of Adelaide, from Melbourne, two very aristocratic bulls have arrived. One, from the herd of Mr. O. B Fisher, is an especially fine specimen of tho hovino race, whilst the other is a good representative of the herd of Measrs. Robertson Brothers, of Colae. These bulls have been purchased by Messrs. Fanning, Griffiths, and Co., of Wooroowoolgon, Casino, for the improvement of their already fine herd. Oue old friend Mr. D'Arcy Read, of ' Ghost' fame, is once more in our midst. He will open at the now Victoria Hall on Saturday, -14th inst. Wo may mention that the Victoria Hall, which has beon splendidly flitted up, is situated in Caatlereagh-stroet opposite St. James's school room. It was oponod a few days ago on the occasion of the Kaiser Wilholm Spende Soiree, at whioh a large and fashionable assemblage was present. On Sunday last an interesting experiment, that of placing Sydney and Melbourne in direct telephone communication, wag made. Only vory faint sounds of the voice were heard between the extreme ends of the line ; but perfectly audible speech was transmitted, between Mol bourne and Albury, thus establishing tho im portant fact that even on telegraph wires not specially constructed for tho operation of tole phones oral messages can bo cent a distance of 200 miles. In tho evening a similsTi1 experiment was made between Sydney and Parramatta with the most aatisfactory rosulfc. H.M.S. Wolvereno arrived at Oookfcown on Friday evening, and reports visiting Kalo, STow Guinea, the scone of tho recent masoaore of native missionaries, on August 29. The gunboat Beagle accompanied the Wolverene. 150 men from the Wolverene landed at a spot about 15 miles dis tant from Kulo, marched during tho night, and took up a position inland of the village. At daylight the Wolverene anchored abreast of Kalo, and landed another portion of her orew. A domand was then made for the surrender of the murdorors, but it was refused. A fight ensued, in which five natives wore killed and a number of othors wounded. Possession was taken of tho village, but only tho principal residence of tho ohiof was destroyed. Throo of the orow wero wounded, one of them badly, 1 A' '.. ExPEnijiJiNTS aro now being made in the Elec tric Telegraph Department with fcho objoct of introducing in our railway trains an effective method of communication botv/oon passengers and ongino-drivor. Alderman J. D. Youn^ intends to movo in City Council to-d.-vy (Friday),—' Thr-t tho City Solicitor bo instructed to tako legal proceodingo r.gainnt tho contractoro for tho plastering tho rooms and corridors on tho ground floor of the Town Hall' A-r a meeting of tho Executive Council, held on Thursday, Mr. Edward Bennett, barraterat law, waa (appointed acting District Court Judgu, to proaido at the courts at Burrowa and Grenfoll during the temporary nbaonwc, through inrlio portition, of Mr. District Court Judge l^orben. A COAGH aooidont occurred on Monday morn ing. Ono of RuHQoll'o Lano Oovo Road 'bunen capsi^od ooming down tho hill near tho jetty. Thoro was a full load of passengers both inside and outside, but fortunately tho injuries received woco not of a dangorous character, with tho ex ception of tho case of a gentleman named Pinker ton, who complained of great pain in his back, and a child also ouffored from shock to tho sjBtam. It is ?aid that a peculiar action is shortly to bo instituted against tho -Government. A gentleman who some years ago received an appointment in the Railway Survey Branch of the Public Works Department, but whose services have not been either availed of, or officially dispensed with, and who has not received his salary, now intends suing for arroars of pay, amounting to a consider able sum. A writ for the amount of £5000 has boon issued, and was on Monday morning served on tho Minister of Public Works, or service accoprod on lria bnlialf, at tho instanco of l-he plaintiff. A TEiiitORAM from Te-mora dated Wednesday says : — Tho Hidden Treanuro picked out 15oz., Wo. 2 Doutachor picked out 26'c':?. ; Kraft got a loz nugget. Some of tho damn are becoming ex hausted. Byrne and party washed 50 loads for an avorago of lOdwt. Murray and party's firot washing-up of 52 loads w'onfc 21oz. No. 4 Detitaeher washed about 450 loads, which averaged lldwt. Tho diamond drill ia clown 240 feot, but owing to tho rubbly nature of the ground, it interferes with tho work. Golden Gate washed 380 loads, which went lldwt on tho average. The well-known claim, The Spooler's, washed at their first machine to-day and obtained 8dwt. The Australian Diamond Drill Company (which is amalgamated with the American Diamond Drill Company) are putting down drills in several parto in the colony. At present they have a drill dov/n 240 feet at Temora, trying for water; ono at Jems Bay, 750 feet, for coal ; one at Gos ford, 550 feob, for cool ; and two at Hexham, on the north-east side of the Hunter River, for coal, ono being down 410 feet, and the other 110 feet. There was ono at Port Hacking, trying for coal, but tho company have suspended operations there, and have taken tho drill to tho Goulburn district to bore for coal. At Gosford a seam of coal, said to be from 4 feet 6 inches to 5 feet in thickness, has been passed through. 