FRIDAY, AUGUST 19, 1881. The announcement of the Ministerial intention to introduce another railway bill during the currency of the present session has brought a host of deputations to town from all parts of the colony. On Wednesday Mr. Bent was beset by applicants for consideration, all of whom were armed with the most cogent reasons why the lines, or extensions, they respec- tively advocate should have a preference over others. We are not surprised at the interest taken in the subject, as in nearly every part of the country not already provided with railway communication, the question of carriage is one of life and death. Mr. GIBB, in introducing a depu- tation from Gipps Land, informed the Minister that while the land about Poowong is of excellent quality, the selectors cannot get their produce to market, owing to the want of roads. The same may be said of many other districts in that part of the colony. It is manifest that fertility of soil is of little value, if the crops it produces must of necessity rot in the ground, owing to the fact that the cost of gather- ing them in and carrying them to market is more than they are worth for consumption. Mr. MASON, in support- ing Mr. GIBB'S statement, asserted that if something were not done soon to cheapen carriage, many selectors would have to give up their holdings. To such straits are they reduced by their practical isolation, that three-fourths of them are said to be prepared to surrender their farms on receiving from the Government the amount of rent already paid. Although the proportion mentioned may be some- what exaggerated, there can be no doubt that a considerable number of the selec- tors would gladly abandon agricultural pursuits if they could get back a portion of the capital they have sunk in en- deavouring to make homes for themselves and families. This is a very serious state of affairs. Owing to the artificial stimu- lus given to settlement by the operation of what are called " liberal land laws," it has come to pass that our whole social fabric rests in a great measure on an agricultural basis. Unless the selec- tors as a body can be firmly established and made a success, the progress of the colony will be indefinitely delayed, and in some parts of it hindered entirely. Seeing, then, that so much depends on the speedy provision of such means of communication as will give producers reasonably easy access to markets, it behoves the Government to consider its railway policy very carefully. The question is, how to afford the greatest accommodation for any sum of money we may determine to raise. Of course there are certain main lines of traffic which could not be properly served by any sort of roadway less sub- stantial than the economical tracks now in course of construction. But, on the other hand, there are many districts which might be not only saved fiom utter collapse, but also sufficiently provided for, by means of tramways of a very light description. We firmly believe that if, inbtead of spending all i the next loan on regular railways, one half were dovotcd to making some liundreds of miles of tramways, de- signed on a scale suitable to traffic at the rate of five or six miles an hour, an enormous impetus would be given to the prosperity of the country. When the last Ballway Bill was before Parliament, we urged this view on the attention of the Government, but without producing any effect. Mr. Patterson, if we remember rightly, took up the position that it was idle to suppose that people would be contented with such humble appliances. We must confess that we fail to see any force in such an argument. There must be hundreds of selectors in the rural districts at the present moment wlib aro on the verge of ruin, owing .to the im- possibility of reaching a market on reasonable terms. A tramway that would convey their goods cheaply, even at three miles an hour, would be their salvation. Surely it would be better for them to have the humbler means of transport .within the next few months, than a " five-and-twenty-mile-an- hour" railway several years after they had gone to the wall. This is a matter of vital import to every man, woman, apd child in the community, and we trust that the Ministry will not be deterred from doing what is right by any supposed necessity for continuing in the old groove. Wo are glad to observe that the Vic- torian Institute of Architects is ex- hibiting an anxious desire to elevate the profession it represents, and to promote a more intelligent study and faithful practice of the nrt to which its members are devoted. The misfortune has been hitherto, that some, at least, of those who pursue it have either failed to perceive, or have deliberately thrust out of sight, the fact that it is an art, and the noblest of all the arts j because those of the sculptor and the painter aro secondary ones, and subserve it in their decorative uses and application. And where it has been looked upon as a mere business, architecture has neces- sarily suffered in the persons of its practitioners and in the estimation of the public. With no adequate sense of the dignity of their profession, and of the acquirements demanded of, and the responsibilities attaching to, its pro- fessors, it is not to bo wondered at if some of the latter failed to obtain the respect of their clients, or to receive the legitimate reward of their ability. With a view to place the entire pro- fession on a better footing, the president of the Victorian Institute, Mr. G. Wharton, proposes in a paper read for discussion at the last quarterly meeting of the members, that the Government should be invited to appropriate a small sum every year for the purpose of founding a travelling scholarship for some young architect to be designated by the institute, after due examination and tests of special merit ; and that a chair or professorship of architecture should be founded in the Mel- bourne University. Both proposi- tions have much to recommend them, but wo should prefer to see the first carried into effect, independently of Government aid. The propensity to nsk for ass-stanco from the public purse upon every conceivable pretest, is one which is becoming dangerously pre- valent in this colony, and ought to be systematically discouraged and re- pressed, partly because its indulgence tends to augment the burdens of taxa- tion, which aro already sufficiently heavy, and partly because it is hostile to that spirit of manly independence and self-reliance which it is so desir- able to foster in the minds of our popu- lation. The architects, as a body, may be possibly too few in number to bear without inconvenience the cost of main- taining a travelling scholarship, but the object is one to which the whole of the building trades might "be fairly expected and reasonably invited to contribute, inasmuch as whatever pro- motes the interests and elevates the character of - the architectural pro feésion, conduces to the welfare of all the handicrafts employed in the execution of its designs. A per- sonal examination of the architecture of Asia, Egypt, Greece, Italy, Spain, and of middle and northern Europe, would be of inestimable value to an observant, reflective, and technically qualified tra- veller. It would enable him to see that the architecture of the great races of anti- quity, and of the European nations in the middle ages, was the expression of national character, and was largely influenced at the same time by the material with which they had to deal, and by the climate and physical aspects of the country in which they lived. He would perceive that the characteristic of archi- tectural art in Greece was beauty, in Egypt was repose, in Assyria was power, in lîome was magnitude and grandeur, in Moorish Spain was grace of form, delicacy of detail, and an exquisitely harmonised richness of colour in decora- tions, these being strictly subordinated to structure; and that the animating spirit of the ecclesiastical archi- tecture of mediasval Europe was a delight in the beauty of external nature, which caused men to reproduce the mountain peak in the spire, and the magnificent vistas and soft mysterious twilight of the forest arcade in the lofty and long-drawn aisles of the Gothic cathedral. And, discerning the perfect congruity of the various edifices with their position and surroundings, and the admirable adaptation of each to the pur- poses for which it was intended, the travelling scholar would probably return to Melbourne strongly impressed with the impropriety of copying the farjade of a Venetian palace or of an Italian country villa, when invited to prepare a design for a Collins-street banking house, and imbued with a deep convic- tion that servile imitation is the bane of Australian architecture, and that original design, and not clever draughtsmanship and the skilful composition of ingenious appropriations from illustrated works on the subject, is the one thing needed by the members of the profession. We share in Mr. Wiiarton's hope that a chair or professorship of archi- tecture will be founded at no distant day in the Melbourne University, such as exists in the University of London ; and if, after a certain period, no persons were permitted to practise in the pro- fession but those who had passed an examination and received a certificate or diploma, it would raise the status of Victorian architects, and would invite the confidence of the public in the ability and trustworthiness of the gentlemen whom it had occasion to employ m that capacity. In tho meanwhile, it is satisfactory to bo able to state that the institute 13 opening to the npprentico-pupils of its membeis certain prires for the best and » second best designs for dwellinghouses, not calculated to cost more than £3,000, and for buildings suitable for shops and offices on a similnr estimate lins will tend to promote a spirit of emulation among joung men who are being properly trained in the practice of their nrofession, and vi ill help to foster and encourage tho study of architecture as a fine art 111 this colony It is also hoped, as a member of the Institute writes to u«, that it will conduce to supersede " the clumsy design and ' arclutectu " ' íesque' detail of the hammer and saw " architect of tho period, and relegate " his work to oblivion " As with 111 dustiy, so with tho fine arts, whatever promises to raise their character and advance then welfare will necessarily command our sympathy and support, for both are lirgely auxiluiy to tho common weal Tho success which has attended tho mcasuics adopted by the Government."^ for the destiuctiou of îabbits 111 tho n malleo countiy by the use of tho offee- ^ ti\o means recommended by Captan Rai mond, must bo regarded as a partiar1 victoiy, lather than a completo discoiu fittno of the enemy 'J Ileso destructivo annuals ha\ o so multiplied that they can only bo kept donn by continuous and ustamed exertion, not 111 tins or that quarter, but throughout the colony gono 1 all} In New Zealand, which has beon a greator suflorei from the rabbit post than oven Victoria, it is agreed tint half nieasuies aie useless, and tint the time has arrived for grappling with tho difliculty systematically and thoroughly Tho question was recently discussed in both blanches of tho Le0islatuic upon motions for tho appointment of com- mittees of inquiry, andmombei3gonoially expressed tho opinion tint no meisure w ould pro\ e oflectual that did not pro\ ido foi tho destruction of rabbits whorever they exist The committee of the Hottso of ltopicseutativoB, havm¿ sat 111 confer cuco Tilth a committee appomted by tho Legislativo Council, has brought up a repoit on the subject The dnoct evi dence of witnesses was supplemented bj information obtained from many other sourccB, and tho coinuiittoo has ar lived at tho conclusion that a comprohon siv 0 measure, apphcablo to tho whola of the colonj, is needed It therefore re conimendB that a bill bo introduced to deal with the question, that its administration shall bo conductod by olbccrs of the Government, that all unoccupied Ciown lands, as well as nativo lands and reserved lands, and also ptivato lands, shall bear their proportionate shaio of tho cost of destroying rabbits and tho expense of administering the act, and that provision Bhall be made for the piotcction of tho natural enemies of the rabbit Tho committee impresses upon the House its conviction " that nume " díate and energetic action is essential " m oidei to aircst the fuithoi extension " of and to suppress this pest, othouviso "the result will be ruinous ' Tua urgency of these recommendations is amply justified by the facts, for wo learn that m one portion of tho colony of Noy Zealand an aloa of 2,000,000 acres has been eo overrun with labbits that the lessees havo abandoned the land Tho same sort of thing has happened 111 Vic tona in íespect to tho malleo country, and who con cay what tho fato of otho! dis, tricts may bo 7 It is a sorious question whether the Legislature should not adopt, without fuithor loss of time, a compte henBive policy for tho destruction of rubbits " wherever thoy exist " Wo Btated recently that the committee of the Melbourne Hospital, m agreeing to tile appointment of a medical superiuton dent, appeared to be caroftilly arranging for tho failure of tho oxpeinnont As timo goes on, we hav 0 further evidence of the proof of our opinion At the last meeting of the board of management, the secretary brought up the agreement between the hospital authorities and Dr H L Milleu, the gentleman appointod, which had been propared by tho solicitors to the chanty This document contained a clause making tho connexion termi- nable at ono month's notice, gi von by either of tho paihes to it The majority of the comrmtteenien present did not consider that the agreement had boon drawn in accordance with the decision arrived at The} were of opinion that tho period of service was to bo three years, with a saving clause permitting tho discharge of the medical supormtondont on good and sufficient cause being shown That their opmion is well fourded is certain The three years' tenu was among the onginal conditions adopted by the committee That this was not done without duo consideiation, is proved by the fact that a special mooting w as called for the express purpose of reviewing the détermination Mr Haut mo\ed thereat that the words " tliroo " years" be struck out, and tho agree ment bo mado terminable at ono month's notice Profossor Elkisqto\ pointed out that aeveial applications had boon sent 111 on the faith of tho fixity of tenure offered, and that it would not be fair to ^ ary the terms Ho suggested, however, that provision should bo made for dis- missal m case of neglect, and although the addition was not formally adopted, it appears to have been understood that it would be embodied in the deed Mr Haet's amendment was then negatived, and bo the matter loatod It would bo interesting to know how, in the face of the onginal resolution, and the rejection of Mr HAitr's araondmont at the special meeting, tho "one month's notice " on cither side' clause found its way into the draft submitted on Tuesday last Who Instructed tho solicitors to include it 1 What was tho general nature of the in- structions 1 Vii 010 thoy formulated by that mysterious entity, who, from some secret place, contiols all tho afiairs of the charity, and moulds committeomon to ita w ill ? Was it tho secretary or the matron who gavo the solicitors their instruc- tions ? If tho inanagois do not de- sire to have tho control of busi- ness tal on completely out of tlioir hands, we think they should inquire into t these matters They aio evidently being slighted and befooled by somo one, and they owe it to themselves and thou con- stituents that that somo ono should bo ^ diagged into tho light of day Mean whilo wq ask tho public to noto tho attempt to tako tho first step towards killing a reform which has boon already eflectually scotched Great duTerenco of opinion exists as to the limits which should be put to tho functions of Gov crnments Somo pooplo Beemto think that the state cannot do too much for the peoplo, while othois con sidei that tho greatest service it can render them is to lot thom severely alono It must be admitted there is considerable difliculty in deciding between tho rival schools, 01, íathor, in fixing on a happy medium between their toachmgs, willoh may bo defended on tho ground of a sound expediency Of lato years thero has been a considerable reaction against the policy of laissei fan e, and many British Go\ ernments now do things for the peoplo which at ono timo would have boen con- sidered altogether outside their legitimate Erovinco One of these is tho business of fo insurance, which the state undor élites, within certain limita, in Great Britain in Now Zoitland, and perhaps m other parts of the empire. Whatever _nav bo said about tho propriety of the Mocecding, there can bo no doubt as to tho succ'-s which has attended it in tho colony mentioned. Tho figures ia tho rcnoit of tho Govorninont Inauranco de- partment juat iaauod bIiow wondorful woirroas. Notwithstanding tho number of deaths which havo occurred from intem- perate habits, consumption, and other Siseases- the incipient stages of which outt.it to havo been detected by the medical examiners-the funda havo increased 318 n« cent, in 10 years. The amount of business dono ia very considerable, a. may ho seen by tho following classifi- cation of the outatanding policies :-Thero im now in exiatonce 4,9_-9 policieafor £100 to £200 . 5,265 for £200 to £600 ; 1,203 for £500' to £3,000-tho maximum for which any Bingle life is insured. Tho insured reçoive a great advautago from tho small C08t of manageinont. This is shown ?to ¡jo about 5 per cent, of tho income, or _v" samo age, and less than some companies ' " 20 years older." Partly in consoquonco of tliis economy, tho last balance-sheet imbUahed Bhows a surpluB of £73,070. Of this Bum £50,000 ia to bo diatributod as a bonus to policy-holdors, and £17,070 is to bo carried to a roaorvo fund, estab- lished ti\«njeet unforeseen contingencies, and to£ ipialise future roturna. Theao _i"iircs ¿-"W that tho premiums aro un n_cos6arí.nt,-high, but thoy alao prove that the aopartment is popular in spite of ita charges. The Government hore has froquontly boen urged to undertake iifo insurance buBÍnoaa, and should it ever a"roo to do bo, it will find informa- tion and experience for its guidance near at hand, _ It would appear from our cable messages that the alarming symptoma which were manifested in President üarßeld'a caae have abated, for bia condition is now reported to have improved. Dia aaaailant, Guiteau, who has been kept in close confinement Bince the outrage, has bad a desperate fight with one of the wardera of the prison. Prince Bismarck, the German Chancellor, has left the capital on a viait to bia nativo place, Schonhauaen, Freah arrivala of wool in London ore reported, bringing the quantity in stock up to 308,540 balea. The Btrike of nailroakers in Staffordshire ia at an end. Wo leam from the manager of the Tele- graph department that communication on the line botween Hong Kong ahd Amoy, which had been interrupted, ia now restored, and the line is in working order again. A meeting of the Cabinet will be held this afternoon. Among other matters which will come under consideration ia a proposal by the Minister of Railways to drain the Moe Swamp, which compriaeB 12,000 acres, at an estimated cost of £10,000. It is considered that the reclaimed land would be worth £40,000 to the Btate. Mr. Bent has given in.tructiona for a report to be prepared as to the feasibility of this scheme. it is the intention of the Minister of Rail, ways to make a country tour next week with the object of inspecting railway lines. Ac- companied by Mr. Elsdon, he will leave Mel- bourne on Monday morning, going along the Sandhurst line to Goornong, Epsom, Bagshot, Inglewood, and Wedderburn. On Tuesday morning he will return to Inglewood, going thence across to Avoca and Maryborough. On Wednesday the tour will bo extended in the neighbourhood. Messrs. R. Clark, A. Young, and Langdon, M.L A.'a, are expected to accompany the Minister of Railways in their several districts. The appointment of Mr. Sergeant to the Bell-street School, Collingwood, baa not yet been confirmed. The matter is -till under the consideration of the Ministry, and it is not improbable that some other applicant possessing superior claims will have the pre- ference. The Minister of Railways bas been waited upon by a deputation from the carriage manu- facturers and repairers employed in Williams' factory. They stated that about 80 men are employed in the factory, 24 of whom are journeymen, and they asked that they might be paid at the same rate as the men employed in the railway workBhopa at Williamstown and Sandridge. Mr. Bent declined to disturb the rate of wagea at present, more particu- larly as they were recently settled by Mr. Patterson. He added, however, that ho would inquire into the merita of the claim put forward by the men, and if he saw any reason to make an alteration he would pro- bably do so in a month or two. The Commissioner of Trade and Customs baa arranged to receive a deputation next Holiday morning from a number of associa- tions interested in the establishment of a Marine Board in Victoria. The deputation will requeBt him. to introduce a bill into Parliament for the formation of such a board, and at the samo time furnish him with the main principles which they desire to have embodied in the measure. The following tender was accepted by the Public WorkB department yeaterday :-Paint- ing powder magazine, Saltwater River, H. Batt, £44. A congratulatory address on his elevation to the Bench will be* preaented by the Aus- tralian Natives' Association to his Honour Mr, Justice Williams, at his chambers, Snpremo Court, to-day, at half-past 12 'o'clock. The bronze medal of the Royal Humane Society, awarded to Mr. Alex. M. Houston for bravery on the occasion of the torpedo explosion near Queenscliff, was presented ' to that gentleman on the quarter-deck of the Cerberus yesterday afternoon, Captain Mandeville, in making the presentation, said:-"I have much plea Bure in presenting you with this honourable decoration, and in doing bo to congratulate sou on your courage and presence of mind on the occasion, andón behalf of the ship's com- pany and myself I thank you for Baving the life of a Bhipmate." Hearty cheers for Mr Houston were given by the crews of the Nelson and the Cerberua, which had been ailed together to witness the presento ion. We leam that tho Society of Telegraph Engineers and Electricians, London, has ap- pointed aa its local honorary secretary and treasurer for Victoria Mr. S. W. M'Gowan, chief inspector of tho postal and telegraph service. Mr. M'Gowan is an old member of the society, the oldest, we believe, resident in the Australian coloniea. The Right Rev, Jamea O'Quinn, ths first BiBhop of Brisbane, diod yeaterday at the a_o of C1 yeara. The deceaäed prelato, who was horn at Athy, County Kildare, completed Ins theological Btudios in Rome, and was ordained a priest in 1843. He waa conae crated bishop of Brisbane in 1859, but did not arrive in that city till 1801. Hia romains ate to be interred within the Brisbane Cathedriipe 4t t]/a-w- .met recently given to the »presei_vf 0vs& 0f literature by the Lord m "rtawMon.theliatof guests included *>". Richard Anthony Proctor, the eminent astronomer, The toast of "Our War correspondents" wub reaponded to by Mr. Archibald Forbea, the famoua lecturer, who « expected in Melbourne next May. Among the academic successes of young Australians abroad is to be recorded that of «r. George Crosby Gilmore, aon of Captain «"more, of Tasmania, who took the degree , "«helor of Arta at Cambridge in June wt, Ho had previously passed the first «amination in law at the Inner Temple, condon, in January of thia year, "ti ? 1.?nual meeting of the Dialectic Society ot lrinity College took place last night in the Ainenroum-hatl, his Honour the Chief Jus X°l0r-f01 the *»"?. delivered the annual _Z! '-In which hB "»«"¡Bed the state and U": °!e8 o£ education at the Melbourne -.h«i.~8lty' Aiter 8ome "marks by the luRitmiu_ on the importance of being able to apeak well, a resolution, moved by Sir George Verdon, and seconded by Mr. M'Far 'ane, thanking the prelector for his address, (vas carried ; and the document was ordered to bo printed at the expense of the society. The president's medal for oratory was pre- sented to Mr. T. J. Smith, and the vice president's medal for essay writing to Mr. T. J. Byrnes. We have received a telegram from Messrs. Hardie and Gorman, Sydney, stating that they yesterday sold a block of city property fronting Pitt-Btreet, between Circular Quay and the Exchange, having a frontage of 134ft., upon which stores are built,f or £25,000, Messrs. Dangar, Gedge, and Co. were the purchasers. Tbey also sold a large suburban property, comprising a mansion, improved grounds, and 150 acres of land, at Marrickville, ou ac- count of Mr. 15. Barton, M.L. A., for £55,000, to the Excelsior Building and Land Company. Sentence waB passed by Mr. JuBtice Williams yesterday in the Criminal Court, on Henry Colley, who liad pleaded guilty to a charge of wounding one Amy Lewis, with intent to do her grievous bodily harm. His Honour said that taking into consideration the circumstances that the prisoner had here- tofore borne a very good character, that he had committed the crime, not ia cold blood or with a view to gain, but under a frenzy in- duced by a fatal and insane passion for the girl, he would not inflict a severe sentence. He directed that the prisoner should be kept in the Melbourne gaol for two years and a half, and that as far as possible he Bhould be kept separate from the other prisoners. In the Central Criminal Court yesterday, FrederickVockensohn was charged with steal- ing a Bum ot £13 8a. The prisoner had till recently been postmaster at Epping. He was cliBmiBBcd in July last, owing to a charge being brought against him of stealing a letter, on which charge he was tried on Wednesday, and was acquitted. At the time of his dis- missal he accounted for only £1111s. of the stamps that had been furnished to him for sale. The jury convicted the prisoner, and lie was sentenced to 12 months' imprison- ment. The nsual weekly meeting of the committee of management of the Benevolent Asylum was held yesterday afternoon, at which there were present-Mr. J. Whitney (in the chair), and Messrs. J. M'Dotiald, J. Birrell, W. Kirkus, and J. Jacobs. The medical officer reported :-Number of patients under treat- ment in hospital 100 males, 100 females ; number of patients nnder treatment not iu hospital, 58 males II females ; total number under treatment, 158 males 111 females. Henry Morris, native of London, aged C1 j ears, died on the 11th inst. of albuminuria ; Mary M'Quade, native of Dublin, aged 70 j ears, died on the ICth inst. of pneumonia. The superintendent reported that the col- lector had received for the week ending 18th August, 1881, £21 Da., as against £17 7s. for the corresponding week of the previous year. The following is the state of the bouse - - 409 men 210 women ; total, GIO ; vacancies, 2 men 1 woman. The case of the blind girl, Margaret O'con- nell, was ogain brought forward by Mr. M'Donald, with a view of getting her ad- mitted to the institution. Mr. Kirkus pointed out that an effort was being made to get her into the Blind Asylum. The chairman was of opinion that it would be a very dangerous proceeding to admit such young people whilst there were so many aged and infirm women seeking admission. After a very brief discus- sion, it waa decided not to admit the girl, but the superintendent waa requested to use every means in bia power to get her into the Blind ABilurn. The second half-yearly meeting of the abareholdera in the Victoria Coffee Palace Co., was held yesterday at the Palace, Mr. D. Beath presiding. The report and balance sheet were adopted, and a dividend of 8 per cent, per annum declared. Owing to the Sydney shareholders having sold out, the riilea were altered so as to confine the ma. nagement of the company to the Melbourne proprietors. A race meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club will be held to-morrow on the Caulfield course. There are five events on the programme. The first-race will start at a quarter-paBt 1 p.m. It is announced that trainB will leave the Flinders-street station for the combo at 11.50 a,m., 12.C p.m., and 1.26 p.m. Allan's band has been engaged to play during the intervals between the races. The South Australian football team arrived on Wednesday by the Sis. South Australian. Their firat match here will be played next Saturday, on the East Melbourne cricket, ground, against the 20 selected to repre- sent Victoria. On Monday they will pro- bably play at Sandhurst, and on Wednesday they will again meet the Victorian repré- sentatives. The names of the home team have already been published. The following are the names of the visitors:—Victoria Club—A. Frayne, J. Minney, J. Brophy. Norwood Club-A. Waldron, F. Letchford, H. M'Namara, M. Coffee. Port Club—J. Sidole, J. Watt, R. Turpenny. South Aus- tralian Club—R. Buchan, J. Mehrtens, R. Wardrop, R. Hill, T. Maloney. South Park Club—A: Dick, E. Lewis, E. Cox, A. Munro, A. Cocks, J. Cresswell,P. G. M'Shane. A billiard match, 1,000 np, was played lost night, at St. James's Hall, between WeiBS, of Queensland, and Byrne, of Melbourne. The gan.e commenced shortly after S o'clock, and occupied five hours and a half, including two intervals of 20 minutes each. At the first interval the game stood aa follows :-Weias, 423; Byrne, 373 ; the greatest break.being 62 by WeisB. The scoring waa very Blow during the next hour, but when it reached COO Byrne got in from a very difficult hazard, and made a fine break of 86, including 22 spot shots. Weis again drew up, but played with bad luck, and Byrno won in an un- finished break by 1,001 to 000. The match was played upon one of Messrs. Alcock and Co.'s tables. Mr. Alexander Cameron has sold, on account of Messrs. Gillespie Bros., their stallion Champion of Victoria, to Messrs, Campbell Bros., of Traralgon-p&rk;, Gipps Land. This horse ia full brother to Messrs. Leckey'a Lord Nelson, champion colt of his tige, and winner of tho Sires'Prodace Stakes, Melbourne, 1880. A remarkable occurrence is recorded by our correspondent at Ballarat as having taken place in that city. It aeems that a Mr. and Mrs. Schott, who occupya shop in Sturt-street, noticed during Tuesday evening a great and unusual noiae, which bore somo resemblance to thunder, and seemed to shako the building they occupied. Mr. Schott rose early, but fortunately not before daylight, and went to his back-yard. He had scarcely stepped out- side, when he noticed a vast black abyss within 18in, of where he stood. A remark- able subsidence bad taken place on what was subsequently ascertained to have been the old shaft of the British Lion Mining Com- pany, which had been partially and carelessly filled in, Mrs. Schott had a fortunate escape, for it appeared that she had been working for Bome hours on the spot where the sub- sidence occurred up to within a short time of the occurrence. The tubs, boiler, &c;, which she had been Using were left on the spot and were precipated into the abyss, which waa about 150ft. or 230ft. deep. The following telegram was yesterday poBted at the Exchange :-" Wentworth. Mr. W. L. Higgins telegraphs-' Twenty-nine points of rain fell laBt night, making total of 68 during the week.' " The Sydney Morning Herald of Tuesday, referring to the frozen meat trade with England, states that "the Catania,a steamer of the Sloman line, which ia lying at the wharf of McBsra. A. Lamb and Co., is taking on board about 170 tona to the consignment of MeBSrs. M'llwraith and M'Eachern, of London. The Catania is a fine-looking iron veasel of about 3,000 tona burden, and her re- frigerating chamber, which waa chartered by the firm above-mentioned, ia fittedup with one of Haalom's machines for compressing and I expanding air. The meat has been selected from tho stocks of the Sydney Meat Com pany, Mr. Richards, of Riverstone ; the Aub tralian Land Mortgage and Finance Com- pany ; and MeBBra. Alison and Sons ; and ia consequently likely to be of a quality to do credit to the colony. It waa prepared for shipment by Mort'a Freah Meat and Ice Company, and conveyed from their establish- ment in Darling Harbour in barges to the ship's aide, which ia only a short distance, bo that It ia not likely to deteriorate from pro- longed expoeure to a warra atmoaphcre." The Cooktown Herald, in noticing the arrival of H.M.S. Beagle, with Mr. Romilly, deputy commissioner of the Western Pacific says: — "The Marquis de Ray's Port Breton colony is described as deserted, which will be a severe disappointment to Captain Jules Henry, now on his way from Singapore with two vessels and about 300 immigrants. There are many suitable sites for colonisa- tion in the Pacific, but Port Breton is con- sidered one of the worst which could have been selected. Water is very scarce, the soil is poor, and the jungle and scrub dense and difficult to clear." "GatBchinn," the Si. James's Gazette re marka, "lias a fair chance of acquiring as unenviable a reputation as now elinga to the Winter Palace in St. Petersburg, The pre- sent Czar bas an old liking for the place ; but before his accesaion the palace and park had been leea associated with tho Czardom than with the lives and histories of C¿arewitches and Grand Dukes, equally neglected by palace butchers and popular revolution- ists. The Emperor Paul Petrovitch, who erected the obelisk in Gatschina Park which waB the other day atrack down by a flash of lightning, pretty equally divided between this residence and the Chateau of Paulovaky tho 30 years of leisure during which ho had to submit to banishment from public affaira-happy, though, in escaping beyond earshot of bia mother's bitter tongue. Gatachina Baw the beginnings of the famous IVacJilparade later on the very pivot of his Government. Here it ia that Masson has pictured him playing at soldiers so blythely at all hours and in all weathers-some times facing 15 or 20 degrees of Reaumur in his plain dark-green uniform and jack- boots, with his bald head uncovered and bia nose in the air, stamping his feet lustily on the gravel walk to keep his blood in motion. When Catherine expired, with that historic shriek which frightened the watchers as it rang through the apartments of the St. Peteraburg Hermitage, it was to Gatachina that the Court couriers were despatched to inform Paul of bia loaa and gain ; and thence the new Czar posted the 12 good leagues or more that separated him from the capital. The place is eloquent with plenty of other memories of other Czarewitches and Russian Grand Dukes, and even of a Czar or two. Peter III.-who was afflicted with soldato monia nearly us much aB Paul-buried him- self hero atone time to play in peace with his Holstein Guards, and to escape with bia fat, ugly, vulgar, easy-going Worontsof from his conBort'a great Bchemes and imperious man nerB, and it waa at Gatschina that Catherine ordered Gregory Orloff to be detained a prisoner when ho hurried home without leave from the Congress of Fokshani, ou bearing that Vasailitchikof had Bupplanted him in bia mistress's favour." The PariB correspondent of The Times writes as follows about stock exchange gambling in France :-" There is no denying the fact that the wealthier classes in France, not only what is here called ' society,' orthe'upperton,'but theoourffeoisi'fl, take daily lees interest in politics. Government is in the hands of the masses ; its representative men are not to the taste of ' society,' and thus politics are left to those who make them their special bueiucss. The minority, who, from tradition, conviction, or habit, cling to the Bourbon, Orleans, or Napoleonic dynasty, find their case hopeless for the presont, and the struggle, is carried on by few. The attention of moat of them la else- where, and tbey give vent to their passions on the Bourse, not at the poll. The Bourse, indeed, is a word in everybody's mouth. It is the chief subject of conversation in the clubs, in the cafés, even at the dinner table. Everybody has more or leaa taken to gam- bling. From the most conservative land- owner to the commonest porter, everybody seems drawn into the whirlpool of speculation. I had the honour some days ago to dine at the side of a lady whom I had so far only heard of as a leader of taste and fashion, and this in the moat legitimate senso of the word. I was amazed when she spoke to me about the stock market in the moa initiated manner, knowing a great deal more about it than I do myself. With that facility and communicativeness which are traits of French character, Bhe told me bus had made a great deal of money, and that several of her friends bad been quite as for- tunate as herself. I could not refrain from expressing surprise at this, as I knew she was the possessor of a very large fortune. She replied that, in her opinion, it was quite aB natural and legitimate for a woman to try and administer her inheritance as for a man, and that after all she only did what every- body else waB doing. I asked her to give me the secret of her success. 'It is the simplest thing in the world,' said she, aughing at" my ignorance, * buy.' No doubt this advice, given two years ago, and steadily followed, was the right one, and all who bought, or nearly all, have made money. The increase in pubíic wealth has been enor- mous. French RonteB issued after the war at 62-. stand now at 120f. French railway shares Bhow still greater improvement. A year ago French Northern Bhares were quoted atl.OlOf per share of 600f.; they are now at 2,lG0f,, and all others bear the same comparison. Bank of France shareB, which could be bought a year ago at 3,-100f., sell now at B,900f.; Credit Foncier shares have risen 50 per cent, within the last year. But it is not only in Franco that the value of things has doubled. The French public had under the Empire, and has ever since the war, invested largely abroad. Hundreds of millions of foreign Btocks and Bharos have been held in this country. A large part of the Italian debt is even now in tho hands of the French public, its quotation having risen from 70f.. to 90f. The same ia the case with Spanish, Egyptian, and others. A more re- markable instance, perhaps, has been the in- vestment in Spanish railways. Here there was positive loss, seeing that for many years they paid no interest. Slowly they have all worked up |o prosperity, and the patient holder has not only recouped his capital, but Beea bia sharea at a large premium." At the Town-hall organ recital yesterday afternoon, Mr. David Lee, the city organist, played the following programme of music, namely, 1, the overture "Le Cheval do Bronze," by Auber ; 2, a variety of " Songa without Words," by MendelBaohn, which wo have identified in previous notices with their proper index numbera ; 3, anthem, " The Lord is Very Great," by Beckwith ; 4, Gavotte, by Dunater ; 5, March, " Turkish ReveiUo," by Michaelis; 0, aelection from Spohr's oratorio "Tho Last Judgment." The selec- tions were well chosen, well contrasted, and well played. Mr. John D. Gowan, lion, treasurer of the Austin Hospital for Incurablea, acknow- ledges the receipt of £20 from Mr, John Blvth. Mr. Robert Wallen has forwardod to ua the Bum of £12 10s., collected amongat the brokera of the Melbourne Stock Exchange on Wedneadny, in nid of the Southern Ruaaia Jewish Relief Fund. Ho states that the amount would have been larger but that several of tho members bad already aub ecribed through other channela. Subjoined ia fa Hat of the subscribera :-William Noall, £2 2a.; Clarke and Co., £2 2a.; F.W. Howard, £1 la.; E. T. Firebrace, £1 la.; J. E. Dobson, £11b.; E. R. nickling, £1 ; JoBeph Thomaon, £1; U.R. Cropper, £1 la.; Walter Slade,£1 Ib.; John Watson, £1 Is. By an inadvertence tho frontage to CollinB street of the land purchased by the Com- mercial Union ABBuranee Company for£12,000 waa Btated as 90ft. inötead of 3'Jft. The annual meeting of tho Victorian Dis- charged Prisoners' Aid Society will take place this afternoon, at half-past 4, at the hall of the Young Men s Christian Association. The Chief Justice will preside Messrs M'Comas and Co have received a telegram from Adelaide stating that their water lifters have obtained first order of merit, and been "highly commended by tbo judges at the Adelaide Lxlubition We aro requested to direct attention to a lecturo on " Hie Holy Land," to be delivered this evening, in the Hawthorn town hall, by Mr James Hingston ( ' J n ). in aid of the ground formation fund of the Hawthorn Cricket Club It is announced that the Rev H D Wohueki, of fcjdncj, will ofliciato at the Synagogue, Bourke street west, tina evening and to morrow morning, and that at the latter eerviee the Rev Dr Dattner-Jacobson will lecture on the outrages perpetrated upon the JewB in Southern Russia. The monthly meeting of the County of Bourke Permanent Buildtng Society wob held on Wednesday evening, at the society's office, 81 Collins street west, Dr. Madden m the chair '1 he receipts for the month amounted to £3,5G2 13b 6d One hundred and five new sbarcB were issued, and eight loans granted We are requested lo draw attention to a meeting of the Montagu Extended Tin Mining Company advertieed in another column, and also to notify that the abares in that com- pany reserved for Melbourne, which were offered privately, have all been taken up, and applications received for a much greater number which cannot be supplied, the Tim maman applications having exceeded the number to be allotted there At a meeting of the Kent Lodge of Free- masons, 845 LC, a subject of interest to the members of the fraternity waa brought forward, and as it applied to the lodges i generally, the WM gave it aB his ruling that the matter muBt bo submitted to the District Grand Lodge m the first instance 'Hie matter in question waa brought forward m the form of a letter from Mr J E Stewart, suggesting that for the encouragement and benefit of Freemasonry, support should be given to the holding of a "Lodge of Sorrow, ' at the Melbourne Athenoum, to which tho members of the craft and their families bo admitted, the lodges to con- tribute £1 Is or £2 2s , according to their meane, to defray the coBt of the under- taking , any balance remaining to bo divided between the Masonic Almshouses' fund and Hie Board of Benevolence Tund The object is to afford the friends and relatives of mein bers of the craft an opportunity of judging of what is considered one of the finest cere- monies in Freemasonry The quarterly meeting of the board of management of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows was held in the board room, Temperance hall, Melbourne, on tbo 17th mst , Grandmaster G Tuff in the chair, all the officers being present. The returns from the various branches were very satisfac- tory, Bhowing a considerable Increase m number of members, and also in the amount of funds to credit. Two new lodges had been opened dnnng the quarter, several others being in formation The grandmaster reported having opened the lust lodge of the society in the neigh bouring colony of Tasmania, on tho 18th of July, and gave an interesting account of his visit A vote of thanks was passed to the grand master and grand secretary for their services m opening the lodge, also a special vote to past grand master (Win Riddell) for tho valuable assistance he rendered the officer on that occasion It was also resolvod to present Bro N Visick with an address m recognition of his untiring energy and per sev crance m the formation of that lodgo We hav e recen ed a v ery well executed and artistic photograph irom the Victoria Sketch- ing Club of a selected sketch, representing "A Quiet Nook " Wo aro informed that a copy of the photograph has been given to every member, asa souvenir of the past half year. The Victoria Sketching Club is an association of art students and others, num bering some 70 odd members The object of the club is to educate the inventive facul tiea of its memberB, to inculcate the art of picture making, and bring under comparison and mutual criticism the results of their Btudy The Bystem practised is to issue a prescribed number of subjects at tho beginning of every month Each member then draws upon nature and life to depict one or other of the subjects, the sketches being semi privately exhibited at the close of the month. The exhibitions are at present being held, by permission at the Victorian Academy of Arts, at Eastern hill Every sketch must be original, and every member muBt contribute a sketch to the monthly exhibition Tho objecta of the Association are moBt laudable, and we wish it every success. The usual monthly meeting of the com- mittee of the Homoeopathic Hospital waa held on Wednesday last at the institution, Spring street Present-Rev. J Tamer (in the chair) Messrs Hunt, Matthews, Smith, Elms, Johnson, Vincent, and Dr Gunst A letter from a Mr Bonner waa received, com- plaining of treatment of his wife, and the secretary waB directed to reply, stating that the committee had inquired into the matter, and had arrived at the conclusion that the officials concerned had only dono theirduty Mr Pilley.ofSt Kilda, waa elected a member of committee, on the motion of Dr. Gunst. The resignation of Mr Jas Teague was accepted with regret The state of the bouse for the paBt mouth waa reported to bo aB followB -Admitted during month, 9, dis- charged 10, remaining, 16 Out pat.ents Now, 119, remaining, 519. The receipts for the month were reported to be-for main- tenance, £193 7b Cd , on account of building, £16 2s Mr. Brennan, grand secretary of ÍV destination. The doctrine of the Confession is as follows - " Elect infants, dying in infancy, are regenerated by Christ through tho spirit, who worketh when, where, and how ho plcoacth So also aro all other elect persons who are incapable of being outwardly called by tho ministry of tbo word Others not elected, although they may be called by tho ministry of tho word, and may have some common operations pt tho spirit, yet they never truly come unto Christ, and therefore cannot be saved, much less can men not professing tbo Christian religion be saved In any other way whatsoever, be they ever so diligent to frame their lives according to tho light of nature and the law of that religion they do profess, and to assert and maintain that they may is very pernicious and to be defeated ' | Again, I "The} who, having never heard tbogospol, know pot Jesus Christ and bellete not in Bim, cannot bo ¿dated, bo thoy never so diligent to frame their .litcs according to tho light of nature, J.0 ' (Larger "Catechism, Q 00 ) re Now, when Mr M'Eaobran boj s, in opposi- tion to Mr Stewart, that Presbyterians be lieve infants to be saved, he surely forgets that the Confession carefully limits salvation to "elect infants ' When he questions "Mr, Stewart's statement, that millions tbjave been sent to perdition witb w3Ut knowing Christ, when he questions q,Vlr Stewart s assertion that "the non elect, no what they could, could not bo saved, ' ho Purely passed over b} Bome strange over nght the doctrine that the non elect, be bthe> never so diligent, cannot be saved. I sight add extracts from the chapter on " Sod s decrees, or tho account of original sin [ grant, indeed, that Mr Stewart a words aro lot to be found in the Confession, if ¿hat be the wretched quibble to winch 11 r M'Eachran has descended. But the quotations given above are sufficient to show how far Mr Stewart was justified by the very words of the Confession And if this Con fession be the true creed of Presbyterianism, nd if an exponent of it, like Mr. M'Each ran, las to content himself witb an assertion of tlmt Presbyterians believe instead of the authoritative doctrine of the church, then lhere is the orthodox man who has a right 3 bring a charge against another ? Who aro be orthodox Presbyterians is altogether a mery puzzling question. GI Aug. l8. -lours, _cc, PURITAN. de - {h TO THE EDITO» OF IM AIIODS. ¿IjSir,-I waa somewhat surprised to find om Ihe Arpvs of this morning that the jyreabvterv of Cnatlemamo have placed upon M'cord their opinion that Mr J. C Stowarts representations of certain doctrines taught m e Westminster Confession were " unwar htnblo and maccurato," and that they O >ro "neither true nor well authenticated " I la the more astonished at this because it e meeting m the Scots Church Mr Stewart rd a copy of tho Confession open be 'e him, and it was therefore very ""probable that ho could make any aenoua Allatuke on the pointa referred to by him deraatisfy nivaelf 1 have this daj perused a py of that venerablo document, which, m jj. eses of certum Presbyterians, ia more Wil red than tho Bible itself The members Mr the Cnatlemnino l'rcsbj tery aver that it ia A 'true that the Confession teaches that "tho world was made in six days of twenty four hours , ' that "to satisfy the justice of God millions of millions have been sent to eternal purdition because they did not know Christ, lat " there are mi elect and a non elect, and nvnt the elect will bo saved whether they te it or not, and that tho non elect, do what icy can, cannot bo saved , ' and that " there m euch a thing as the damnation of infants J! ho have never lisped a name" S Isow, what say the standards. The foi vowing extracts will show - " It pIcnBcil God tho Father Son, und Holy Ghost to ftfeate or mako of nothing the world anil all tlilugs jicrein, vvbctlicr visiblo or luvialblo, in tim apace of _>xdavs C"Bv Hie decrees of dod for tho manifestation of lils liiorj, bohío mon and angela nro predestinated luto g1 cilastiiiK lire, and others preordained to ov orlastinic le nth Those men and angels thus predestinatod and preordained are particularly and unchangeably do tuned, and their number is so certain and definite M at it cannot be either increased or diminished " 1 Tho rest of mroikind aod ivan pleased to pass by, 