Wesley an Conference. [TEST OF MEJIBlillSillP-J Knowing that a large number of our readers feel an interest ii. the disc .p-inis <-f the V/jsli yui Conference, arid that the probable .action of the Conference as to the ab ditioii or retention of the class-rnecting as a to;-t cf membership has been looked f ( .i to w:lh pecuiiar interest; we take the following rep'oit of the debates on that question from the Hfyisu'r of Tuesday : — The L'UESIDEST said the subject on which tiie Conference was about to enter was one of special importance; lie trusted they would approach H with the icspect it deserved, and he prayed that tliey would have di fine guidance. The recoinmendaLions of the Annital Conference were read, and also the moi ion cf wj.ieii notice b:v: been given by the ii iv.. -J. Carr. Til.: Jlev. Vv T . MOUT.KV moved the adopti n of the motion of «he "NT-j-.v 7. *a'an 5 Conference, whieh Tnat eovnmaiiicants be regarded as Church members." and pirteed i under the discipline s f th- lead'-'is'' meetiii-.'," j ile said t'liat they b id theq-i for a long time sit tin: isisl Q-f. «ral C oifcrefie^; "out the e.'ipei iei:-;e of f.b\; iTiie; vc: bi r j j three y«ar< had not b-en R;a;--fa--to-v, i: i j i j j was c'eao'.r than <»r«'r th-r' <•. :,i!..:•.-.• i- : was rcfjuire ,! . a'•• : municants had been enro-'led in Nc-v Z::;- j land, but many refused to accept the relation. | At present they as a Ciiurch said that all j members must mecit in class, but large! nuri-.br^'s did iv.-t at ali regularly, and tiiere j were some who only did eo 10 retain their j onnlifioation for ofl:ce. He regarded it as 'o maintain sueh inc-m- _ f-r.d v.'oaul b;: far b itter to revise ,"'omi. ; . At pie^ent, also, they admitted "i.v_'e iMimiiers to the Toy.i's table vho v.ere neither meeting in cla^s noreniol'ed as communicant -. The-e, if not members of the Methodist (J , i-cii. were not of any," and therein lay iimiohs error. One reason of the indisp'isin-n: of the British Conference to deal with t;iu question was :ts association with Church finances. A Irlrire proportion of their Church income was derived from the classes' money*. i>ut he thought they need riot proie a peimanent obstacle, for a change :ij finance was going on. In American MetLodis n compulsory attendane;: at class did r.ot prevail, and some able writer on the subject there marvelled that f-O rudimentary a condition of things as existed in British Methodism was. prolon-jed. They rdl admitted the ability ami intense energy of the British ministers, the nia.ieri.il prosperity to be seen en all si le^; and yet they did not increase in their Cbureh membership, wiii-Mi was itself a proof tbat S'oiv-thing was radically defective- The <;ifaculty was not new. bat had existed from the very beginning. Mr. Wesley himself complained that people wont'" not meet, an 1 he purged the classes again and again, bat he never thought he was unc^.rc' !.:-: no f.t 'i j y;. ev r. 0„-,-5 . r,\ . ^y i h ,'l now it their adwiieut's wveie C]r - eiciuded ^v'.-Jn.ifd iroui from" Lii-j Lli^ W "cslfcyau Church they could not belong .to any Church ( at all. The OHurfe'h die not exist for the-1 sake of discipline,?but discipline for IV the sak*i of the Church. He believed that supervision might be maintained; and that friends who wished for recognition would be glad to come !n. Tlie Itev. J. B. STEPHENSON seconded; The Hon. J. CAKE said the effect of this motion would be to substitute the class roll for direct meeting in classj and supply the means for personal intercourse with the minister in cases where special treatment was required. He opposed the New Zealand motion because a similar system bad been tried for hundreds of years by the Church of England and had failed. A denominational basis ought not to be founJe 1 in the. institution of the I.lord's Supper. Every Christian man should be invited to this ordinanceand thev would ba wrong to make it a condition that he is a Methodist, but it should be wide enough t > welcome all. Spiritual barrenness was tile natural result of looseness in the Communion arid absence of fellowship. The new bond of union suggested at the last General. Conference had not succeeded; and they must in any future legislation put all on a common level. If the New Z.-aland proposal was accepted the Church roll must lie abandoned, Mr; BATIKUTT said the question involved the-most vital and spiritual part of their Church work and their future 0 lurch prospol ity. He was thoroughly Conservative, and wished to maintain the class-meeting test in its integrity. The fault w;is n-.t in the institution itself, but irHhe non application of disciplinary rules, cspeeial'v in the case cf officials who did not meet in class. Mr; F. \V. H<)3:Ui':n moved an amendment— "That this Conferenc- 1 , ieeoT|ii<ing fellow- ship as one of the important, privileges for the securing of which the Met'sodist C mrch exists, declines to again discuss the advisability of doing a-.v:iy wii.ii meeting in class as a"te-.t of ni mb:i'-h:p : and .earnestly entreat^ our ministers and people to inaiurn'in fuli loyally to class meetings as a most valuable and scriptual nvimis -<f grace." He feit the- < pi ritual aspect of this question to be of profound importance, and as a classleader that it his dutv to epp >se any- : weakening of tlie instituuon. Most hearty ; approval of it had been expressed by i observers from other Churches. Tlie constant agitation on this subject 1; id weakened : the allegiance of mmy, and young people in the fjunday-seliooU were thereby influenced to their injury- Many members, of .the Church were liehl by their sense of obliga- i tion, and if the matter were left optional they wo-:ld drift :i\vay. . The lvev. j. Cope seconded. ' Aftei some rem irks, by the Rev. F. 1?,. ; ST El' KN".ox and Mr. HAVIS I'liE.srni-N'l 1 air-iin ::ddres^;d the Conference. He gave an exposition of hi< views of the legal and ; ! ^ ecclesiastical a-=p.'Ct of tlie qiie^tio.n. The term used in the D ;ed poll and the I:nperi:d Act were the " neople called Metho list-,'" an i United S 'Cietie-S." and the term Church was not defined. If the mition w;is ; tnten'led to do aw iy with i he. Society. t > disband the -Society, he would hot. put it ; from the chair. Ily doiu-j so ha would hold'• himself unfai:hful to Cod and unworthy to j be er.Vet a Meiho'list pre:icl:er, and he! honed the reporters wCal.l take note of Im words. Their slari-dards spoke of the p-np!e called ttstho ii^i.-. who were meinbers of the Soeieiy. The pro-o-er# of the re-olution should say what they tce.int by the term •'• Church," and put it so tli:it th? Society was not inte;f-'rel with. After som- fiirth»r desultoiy eorirersati-n on the su! j v.t, th-.s Hey. J. WA'jsf jiid supported Mr. Holdei's. am.mdmen'.' Tiste j cushion a.t the last Conference was harmful,-^ and not.hiiiT fresh ' e w^s'subseijjieni.iy eticife^l. The Ktr.v. "\V. JI. FiTCiii:n ~ w.-.s strongly opposed to the amend merit. They would stultify themselves" by • refusing to discuss tiie. question. After ten yeisis ofh'.r-l aii-l boii ;-t u.i! their membership had deceast d I per cent.; while the population of •h'* colonies liad increa-ed 40 per cent, and the a'lherents of tlie Church S3 per cent. It was iftcon-i>X*nt of Mr. Holder to di cry discu sior., and ilien to proceed with the very t'jbig. The f:ict o? re iucrfd membership rendered the p'rjliey of sKutting th/-_ir eyes ai>' -coi'itj: on unworthy of liiem. Tiie Iti-v. G. W"noi.:-:0'."G:r ^poke of fellowship as esseiitial. Tiie R :v. V. r . P. said they could not retreat from the posili ni taken uo at the last General Conference, an 1 as they were not prepared to advance he would | lr.-ove when he had f;v.; opportanil.y that the I resohiiion agreed to three years ago be ic-atllimed and re printed. . \ Mr. Holdek wit.h(3;e - >v his ameri'lnent," ; and Mr. VkllS, therefore, ni :ve ', pursurlnt i to hi.s notice, the resoiutic-i which declared | that iVie class meeting is a test -f Church membership i:i the Wes evau Cburcii. Mr. CAIIPBKLI, said tli'-.ir qojeit was to maintain and promote sp'iiitual life." If persons had strong and conscientious objections to the class meetings they ought to be expansive enough to receive ibem, Thev admitted the sjoodi:e*s of such -person-; and yet tliey hindered their prog-ess. One objccuoa was tlie nliiin-z-np of*finance with this work, and mmy .vere hindered on that account. To compel people to remain who otherwise would e.^cane was a low mnvorthy argument: They seemed to have no faith in the poAt-rof (rii outside the lines laid down, l iiey >h iiil't thank Him ' or the pi ogress, the deepened re'ij;iou« feeling that prevailed, and have faiih in the future. Mr. JaI'I'-s v "C^xf apjnecia'c'i tlMcmtion vith wlii'-li the subj er, was .-ipiiroae'-ied. >To lwm valued theci:i.-«smeetings more than hi.Tiself, bat that was not the qaesiion. Th.: j;eli:t w:ts should it be retained us a test of niirn'jei - hip ir as a means of prace. ft was csi.-)bj -••'• ; i.v Mr. Wes ey a:; a refagc for f ,ul.- viihin t!i# Church." b'it they *."«:!• uo<v to>•«•!.• ard them-eives as a Christ ian Church. They need have no fear of los ing members, but at present one who had been absent from class felt as if be might just as well ehufll s off his profession altogether, which was a deeply injurious ic-iult. Mr. Hi;I<3GS sa!d it was dangerous to interfere vith ft bat liad been the pride and glory of the Church sc. long. lie heard a great diui! about opening doors, but thsirs was a testifying Church, and he hope! it would ret aid that character. Mr. Mam referred to hi.s own enjoyment of the institution in question, and thought they should hold fast to what they had received from their forefathers. The liev. G. Danhcl believed an error had been commflted in representing this arrangement as a.trilldij. It was devised to meet a real want, and was ncccssarv for the maintenance of discip'ire. The llevl J. I'.ICKF Ri> followed mi the same side. The Jtev. W. A. QUICK reminded tk'e Conference that the prolonged discussion cf the subject r:suited from the non-:ncrease of tiieir membership. If, as appeared by such statistics as were available, they bad received V> Gr>0 per-ons within three year it was ovi lent that the class meeting did not con-erve. their membership as it ought, and thev ou^bt, to fairly facc the fact. It was apparently easy to pat large numbers into their classes f but the difticu'ty was tj keep them th?re. It vfna never intended by their founder th:it this sliould be a test of membership in the Chir cl: of C?od. His honest conviction wa3 that the class nleeting would be cherished most cavefa.ly, even did il eomc to be a test of membership ; but he idvccated caution in maifin' any change. j Sir. YASE"? th»uj;h5 thos-2 for whom fresh legislation was desired were but few, and mostly brought up in ,othcr Cnurche*. The R ev. W. L. BLAMiBiiS regarded the class , meeting as the germ- cell out of which the whole constitution of Methodism was developed, arid, ;t ought not to be impaired, Ministers had to put up with disabilities wKen accepting the office, and the communicants might put up with the only disability; which was that they could not hold office. 3£r. HACK held tbat those wYo sought to make certain changes thereby evinced loyalty to the cause of Methodism, and sought to make it what it .ought to be. The Rev. J. WATSFC)RD enumerated several kinds of persons 4vho i wanted Uie olmnsre prooosed. Some had not ..been t-aiDod in Methodism, and never believed in the class meeting. Others liad lost their spirituality^ uid others had - changed their views. Much of the agitation on the subject was directly due £o ijeKleijt of discipline. A most. important point was. that tc.carry th-e motion would break up the mission , woik; where all the members were rigidly. required to meet in class, \ y r< WelPs amendment was then put. and i ^Jjc voting was 50 for and 13 against it. On its beiri? put as a substantive motion ' £] 1G J> EY, J. B. Stei'Hk^SON moved as an j amendment—-'That the class-book shall be ' TJ IE ROJJ 0J church, and that no navrle be i Ht rnck 0ff the .roll for neglect of .attendant j ^ \ somewhat .animated scene ! 0cc, ln. (; j :it, thi^ point, the President for some ; fj, ne rt-f, ]Si n,r to rcceive the amendment unless it were previously submitted in writ- Ing. Mr. STEriirc^fX^T said he desired tc enter a prote-t against some of the arguments that had been employe 1. Those who sought some modification ill their system were supremely loyal to Methodism, ap I especially to its grelit principle of always following the loadings of Providence. He objected loathe statement that persons who left off m.-ietinsr in c ass had lost their spirituality. The liev. W. MouleY replie I on the gen -'ral question. He thought, as the resolution of the last General Conference bad failed to such an extent, something ir.ore was required, lie believed in the communion of saints <uid in Christian fellowship. It was follv tj denounce innovations; for the wh'.ie history of Methodism had been one of innovation. He believed in the Holy Ghost, his presence there, and his work in that Church; but lie could not pray f•>» divine ^jaWe if he did not speak out*all that was in his heart. Mr. Stenher.s i^'s amendment was negatived, and "the substantive motion moved by llr. Wells, carried by a large majority. 