TALES & SKETCHES MY LOVE. ,:?t-E;-;Lvnk Linmh, U'i'Ojj Author of ' I'airicia Kethball,' ' The Aionemhnl of Learn Limdas' .Under tohtoA Lo'rd,''146,' ■ [THo boIo copyright for Queensland of ' lily Love* has been secured for TheWeek.'} ' CHAPTER XXIII.—The LiET.Awiii!e* It might be Stella s duty to obey her father's ?i)l, but it was not Cyril ^onsonby's to heed will, Mr. Bracecombe's .whim. The angle atyrbioh eaoh stood made all the difference in their point of view; and their point of.view,determined their principles of! action; It was a duel between the two men such as has been many times in the world before, and will .be many, times again—a duel between, the , old'and,ihe[ young, inherited duty and acquired lore; the father who demanded and the lover who.de-t airod—with that poor girl's heart the. battle-1* ground bn whioh they fought, j her • life the prize for whicli they etrtfvo. While sayidg to himself, generohsly eiioughf that his love only more and more £tovcdl: the sweet grace of her character by that sacrifice of him-elf which she had made, Cyril waB^nohe'* the less determined to do his utmost to convince' her that this sacrifice was all wrong, and .thatj her highest duty lay in keeping her word with him and marrying him before he left for India. This was only natural. The man who would give up his love at the first summons to sur render fey abbther—be that other father7'of rival—would not have much to give tip.; atid Oyril did love Stella with all the fervour oft sfV young man's passion, all the devotion'of a faithful heart. What else then could be.'do but try to prove to her that this noble sense^of* .filial obedience, for which he honoured her, was all a mistake and wholly wrong, and that'her,, highest virtue was to give horself to' , him f * This Was the logic of lore if not of puie reason; 'but Iovo was master of the situation, atid reason was pressedInto service ashis henchman;' & By the tofceof her letters, sadder and eaddef, 'more hopeless afad ihore pathbtio ih theif resignation to inevitable sor oW, as the.days went by, Oyril saw that the looseuing'of tne.t engagement whioh had began at AIra.; rBtans^T combe's, death, was ever.iocreasiog, while thd* father'! hold, was ^tGwlng strUflger andhiegrlfT tighter. i'If he, Oyril, ooold not do eoffiethlng" to oonnteraot this morbid influence, and araw^ bis love once more close to himself tshe would slip from him altogether; and when he thought of this ke also thought of death. He resolved then to go down to Highwood to faoe, as a man shonld, the "difficulties1 whioh . beset; himto try once more to: persuade^ Stella to follow his fotttine ohd forsake-he** father's;—to gife herself.to IoVeand casC filial'.' duty to the winds. - It was his last chflhbb,* for*.1 in a few weeks he must Set sail td India';* jihd" when onoe so far aWay^—if he cohld do nothing* nowhecdii'.d do lefis thati. nothing' tbfe'rel^ This was ' emphatically his; lastr chaticS;'nu') Last'Appeal! It was a eurless, dull, and sultry afternoon..; The Idrid clouds, heavily chargedwith comjrifl storm;hung low in the sty. Not a bird aangin'^ the bushes, not a crioket chirped in thq'gra'iJ. the very bees flew heavily from flower to flower and the butterflies and dragonflies rested motion*^ less on the flowers and grey stonie walW.^The^ pimpernel in the fields and .the gezinfas in the^ gardens were shut; and the scarlet nasturtiums^ and geraniums glo Wed with so much electricfire; they almost dazzled those Who looked at them.; steadily. A Btorm was evidently at hapd j and; ail natare felt its pres^nce add suffered becauM'J of it. "v Without halting, even to see Randolph Mac-; kenzie, Cyril drove straight from tho railway station to the Lodge gates of Rose Hill; -Thefe _ was no glad f-tmiliarity of the accepted BoU'of the., house in hi? coming to.day, as when he made bis * uncdnvOfational entrance On that 'bostnltigf*^ bright, young morning, in May; ati impatience of* happy love that could not wait for the day' bat * must seok to diftauce timo bj giving him cha*6* in the early dawn; no certainty of rcooptlon'as joyous as his own breathless inooratng j'noVf hope of .radiant love to meet and glorify fefa * wn. Thbrb were only pale fear and stern'M-''1 solve, that sinking of the heart Whioh forbodM'^ disaster, and that setting of the ! will whiotly while it foresees the pain courts the struggle;^ He came to-day less as the acknowledged lovOr^ that tho desperate foetnan—nc inheritor of'joy'-1 entering gladly on his own, hut an exile break**! ing his bond of excommunication and* return* n ing to the homo whenoe ho had been ■ banished^ —that home for revisiting which he sh'ould be" * again discarded under may . be a stUl inertf1* severe sentence. Or," should he hold his .own'*** triumphantly and be victorious over fato and1^ circumstances? . This was tho question of the hour; and;the^ moment of ils answer had cotno. * ' Surely the attire in their courses fought »P? *, him and tho first omcu presagrd all the yestr; He had tormented himself ull the way down as to his chanco of being able to 'apeak to! qtella alone. If her father choso td forbid, howcould.. he prevent her obedience ? But now all thoifl ■* fears were set at rest, for thero was' Stella right beforo him, walking slowly towards the house;' from the gates- 8he had been down to th®_„ Lodge to see the gate-keeper's little child whoj; was ill, and now was going baok to that deso«'* late home which of late had become So much ^ more like a prison than a home J She was u thinking sadly of her sweet mother and-Iies"' banished lover, her shattered hopes, and that « poor papa who demanded so xnnoh.from;;hiP!% and who was sometimes so strangely cold/ even* while he clung to her so closely and dopondea ^ on her so wholly. And thinking-oil this she ^ did not hear the sweet step behind: ber, .-nor J know who was . coming till- Cyril lightlyloi touched her shoulder and said: * My Love! :i My Love!' • 8bo started nnd criod out; but itbe noxt*^ moment her arms wero round him as his were round her, and hor face was lifted to his bondr-u ing down to meet hors; whilo the: only .sound?. of welcomo was a sob half of joy and half of 'pain;' which told her how aha-hud suffered in ^hisabsence. Nor could Oyril epeak. Some.' t thing.that was perilously near to tears blurred «his vision and cut short his words.'. Ho could jipply^ hold hor in his arms—to his heart—as something lost.and now found again, somethit-g tender and doarand precious which was safe "$6rf him 'only no Mong as he held it oloaely • olftBTiBd' Ani aTiA In'nVerl of -tiftm <in^ • clasped.' As she looked at him and once more ' metthose dear faithful eyes and saw the facie Sjfiioh'\ represented to her all the nobleness of ' manhood; all the security of life and splendour ' of loyo, sho forgot the dull present and the dim • future, she put aside the pain that she had felt '^tho anguish which she foresaw—and her sob •lost itself in one full happy smile, as she said in a voice that was as the very gift of her soul 4 My Oyril 1—Oh, once more my Oyril 1* : It was all' told and known; and now he felt -safe. :What needless torment he had given • ^imanlf l-Utinnr fnr,KaT,1,- . 1.. i-J l_i_ ^himself!—how foolishly he had lacerated his: owii heart!. She had never wavered. His future iwas as safe as his past had beeu sure. She } loved him and she would not forsake him. He 'had; done woU to come and meet that ghastly enemy: of sorrow : and despair—of subtle ^severance aud vague forebodings. She could not 7resist him.face to face Sho was his and ho was hers; and the little cloud that had risen in the horizon .of absence was swept away by the glad ..sunlight'of aotual presence. . |v.,/'Oome to the summer house, Stella. We can speak better there, and I have mnch to bay to [you, my darling,' said Oyril; and Stella, with a ^sadden1 half-frightened look to the house said a .little anxiously. Tea/for half an hour,. Oyril; I must not .itay. longer.' ^ ^ Por half an hour then,' he; replied putting his arm'round Her waist, and thus in the old loving way, as if nothing had oome betweeu •their love and their happiness, the two went 'down the side-path to the Btimmer-house, and •' reached it jiist as the first growl of. thunder -broke from the sky; and the first heavy drops "of rain began to fall. r;: iAt first they heeded neither the weather nor f fche altered order of things at: home. They fwere*together and alone; and that was joy' •nougH for the moment. Then the smoke of •'that'glad incense of love and happiness began '-'.to'clear away—the first momentary excitement •'subsided—and they came slowly back to things *1ur they were and to the sorrowful truths which fwore/As spectres awaiting them. Each saw ■'How pale1 and wan and hollow-eyed the other • Had become; each missed that sense of seourityj ; that sense of joy, whioh had marked the early { stages''of their love. They were like ghosts ? rising from the tomb and looking ait each other ~ across the moonlit spaoe where the graves were ? lyihg thick, and the dead loves of life, were 0 burled.: There was no reality* even here, and ' no certainty—save of sorrow. Bnt they loved ''each'other. ; 60 much' was sure. Whatever the (} lnture held—they loved each other. 1 v".'!,1 Yon fio hot ask me why 1 have come down/ "Oyril.began, when that silent scrutiny aind ^aoknowledgment. had* grown somewhat em; ^bamsaing.' * 1 "• 4 I/wttS 1 too glad to see you to think of any. '^tmng else/ she 'answered softly. -! - 1 "4I~am going to India in about three weeks' time now,' he said:' * And I'have come to ask ^^She.turned away her head—she could 'hot . meet frose^yearning, faithfuleyes^-that hand; some, loving face; bending down " to'lookinto hers. Her hands were in his, olosily, tightly l- cl&sped.; .She would not take them away, but : she could not look intohis face 1: ^..AHowoan If she sighed. • . ::i«'Why should you not?' he returned. ' -l>?■* How can I leave poor papa ?.• He wonld die \- if-Twere to leave him.' . ■' •And what'shall I do, Stellal Perhaps worso than die! If you are a daughter, re. rf member also that you are a wife—my wife in £rthe sight of.God; and you owe me as much vduty.asyou owe your father—and more love.'' •f};. Oyril spoke with a. gravity and intensity ■ ' whioh Stella had never heard in him before i-Tt was as if he had suddenly ceased to be a boy \- and become a strong, mature, and self-respect. • ing manJ; He was loss tbe lover pleading for -•agrace, than the busbund, as he called himself, ' claiming his rights Till now sho had seen him '-only''boyishly earnest, in his suit, boyishly radiant in his sncoess, boyishly despairing. in \- his, defeat; hut now ho was a man of equal r; strougth.ahd firmness .with her fathor, and she ' felt'iiistirictively that things had como into a ^ 'newpbaso and that tlio m 'merit was all the J-graver b°cause of her lover's changed morale. iM- *;You kuow that I love you/ eho said, turn, .ring.to.hiin with tho instinct of a (uress. ei-o41 know that yoii'do/ ho answered tenderly; •:! bnt though you lovo me, ynn uro letting your. self be divided from uio—perhaps for ever; nod -ybmaro giving mo moro hiiguinh that f once •: thought I could have home and lived under!' 1 am not being divided from you; »xcopting ' foralittlo while/ sho answered; woman-like, r preaohihg peace where there was no peaoe,.and forbearing to look facts in the face. 4 It is 5.only; while my. poor, darling mother's death is ^•o'fresh—while papa misses her so much—that 1 Taskyou to put off the marriage;—that is not [breaking.with you forever, Cyril 1' x i';Aud. when will-your father make up Ms .-mind to let you go f ho asked. 'You know that, every day you are slipping further and , further away from mo, bec-juvo every. day you >„ heooraetnoro necossary to him. When will you ; find ,the. courage to leave him and come out to .vme-4f you have not got it now ?' • * He Ms. too good and . kiud to broak my I • heart,' she said. ' Surely, somotimo of his own 1 • accord he will let me go.' '-Never!'1 .said Oyril firtnly. ' Of his own I -acoorii,; Stella—never! It >ou have not the courage toiueist 011 it and to oome, he will nover, nevor let you go!' \- -M4.Indeed you misjudge him, Oyril!-You do> • darling! Ho is broken now by poor mamma's death, but ho will become tnoro recouoiled as time \- goes on, And then we can he married without r;paining hiui, as it; would now if I were to leave 5,him. .filiate what it would he. to him to lose i.wife. and; daughter, both in a few months 1 And he so loving and so sensitive—so depen . dent on home, love, and oaro for his happiness/ this means simplyjthat you love -your father better than you love me, and that you are ready to Baorifioe me to him/ said Cyril with quiet sternness., ' We'will callithinga by their right^ names, Stella. It is a struggle of l°v®»/n w-hioh I am the weaker and go to the wall/-' ... ... •Not that/ she answered, the tears swelling into her eyes. 'I love my father dearly, as you know, and reverence and admire him as I have been taught all my life to do—as mamtn* revereuoed and admired him—bat I love you too, Cyril; you know that I do. It is not. a struggle oflove, but it is a matter of conscience end duty. C nnot you see the difference ? Cannot you, Cyril f* It was his torn now to look away. His face, was pale and set; his eyes were fixed and mourn ful; hi©' heart was Bore and his pride was wounded. She did then of her own free will prefer her fatberto him: and it was not coercion so much as volnotary resignation. The thunder roared and shook the littlebuild ing where they were sheltered; the lightning flashed and streamed in fiery tongues and flam ing sheets; and the rain poured as if tho windows of heaveu.had been opened for the seoond time, and the fury of the deluge had been let loose on the earth. But neither Cyril nor Stella saw what was going on in the world outside. The storm of grief and despair, of passion, of perplexity, of love warring with duty, wbioh raged within their hearts was greater than that of the elements without; and the thunder and the lightning and the rain wbioh tore and flashed and fell, were bat the natural accompaniments of the passion that shook them to the Bonl, and tho anguish which made them desolate. 1 Cannot you see the difference, Cyril?v she said aga:n, her hand stealing into hiis. ' Do you doubt that I love you V f Yon love me ?' he said with a strong effort. How harsh and ohanged his voice was! .She would not havd known it for his bad they betn in fhfl dftrlr. * VaH •' T wit, Pn in a ■ far tain extent. ^ But you love your father betttr, and prefer his convenience to mj happiness/ * If I could leave anyone with him to take care of him and make him happy I would not hesitate for a moment/ said Stella with den passion. 4 It is not that I love him better—j ou know that it is not that, Cyril; it is ouly be cause he is my father; and it is my duty* Oh'; you will break my. heart if. you look' likethabr if you believe that I do not lovo you !' Her girlish bashfulness, her pride of maiden hood. her shamed-faoed retioence, all-were gone —swept away by the storm of passion as • the tender little bads and delicate flowers were broken and destroyed beneath the heavy deluge of rain. She flung her arms' round him, and carried his head to her bosom. :' ' Cyril, say that you believe me/ she said, her lips, for the first time unasked, pressed: to his. • My own, my love, say: that you do not doubt mo.'. Hei felt his advantage and he UBed it. ' ;. 1 If you cannot come with me — if you think ityonr duty to stay for a little while longer with your father—at least, make things sure. Marry me before I go, if eveu you stay be hind, and comeoutafterwards,' . He spoke without any outward signs of emo tion; still with that'strange abseuce of boyish pleading, and with that stranger weight and gravity of a mature man. --.v ■>-. 4 With papa's consent—yes!—yes!—gladly!' said Stella, * Will that satisfy yon, Cyril ?— then indeed I will!' " ' With your father's consent or withont. it ?' he said. She shrank baok. The flood-gates whioh had been lilted began gradually to close down on the torbulenoe that had been let loose for a few moments. The pride of her maidenhood, the reticence and Bhame-facednets of her giilisb modesty, the purity of her truth, the wholeness of her duty, all sent back the rushing flood about her heart and cleared her eyei-of their mist of passion. •Without papa's oonsent I could not/ she said faltering* * I could neither openly disobey him nor live a life of deception. You yoursdf would not respeot me, Cyril, if I could.' 4 Ah! it is just as I thought/ he said with sudden bitterne*s. ' Great heavens, do women kuow how rnacb they torture tho men who luvethem! All of no use!-all ton> good! I ain distanced and cut off! No, Stella, this is not lovo! It is prefereuce —frieudriiip—fauoy— bat hot love! Not the love 1 have f.»r you; A*k anythiog of me/ he coutiuued, M« passion rising as hers calmed ; * ask my very life, and I would give it you!: You could not ask any thing of' me, Stella, that5 I would'refuse. Nothiug iu tho whole Wide woild !' • 4 If X asked you to do scinetking that 1 thought diahonour.tbie mid wroug, you would not do that, Cyril!' she aubwered, , half frightened and half trying to sooth him. ! Yes, I would l' he cried. *1 woull go to perdition for you. I would give you my. very soul' Just then a blinding flash of lightning seemed to set the whole place in a blaze, and the thunder orashed right abovo the frail little tenement, where they were sitting. Stella was wise and sensible enough, but she was impressionable, and as apt for superstitious fancies as any other girl of her kind and age. ' Hush, Tyril! this is blasphemy/ she cried, clinging to him in terror. ' Remember, God hears us, and sees as, and rends our hearts Yon offend God when you talk like this.* Her terrified voice and cliugiug touoh—her pale, soared face and spiritual disttegs, broke down all the new force aud manly strength whioh had come into him. Ho covered hi* fact? with his hands, and burst into those terrible tears which more than anything elm in the world agonise the woman who loves and. bumiliato the man who is loved. (Jo be continued.) SoJtB arithmetical chap has figured out, that Vauderbilt'a income would allow, him to visit 8,000 circuses, eat 10,000 pints of peanuts aud drink5,000 glasses of lemonade every day.in the year. But be doesn't do it. Thus it can he seen that wealth is. givea to thosewbo don't kaaw how to enjoy it. 