Impounding j Atthj? Corporation i'ound, Moonta—One bay horse dbtkp >ints, few white hairs on back, brand- ] ed like x under circle (dbnjoined) near neck, j and like 1 "^ near shoulder. If not clain.ed, will ' be sold February 8,HSi, at aaan Her Majesty's ship of war 31 iranda arrived at the Semaphore on Friday. There will be a great lawsuit next year when the revised New Testament appeirs An eminent firm of London publishers has resolved to print a* edition of the new version, and dispute the legal power of the Company of Revisers to hold s copyright, or transfer it to the Univetsisities —Christian Life. Forty thousand pounds of coal in one lump passed over the Cincinnati Southern road recently for the Cincinnati Exposition. It was taken out of the Soddy Coal Com pa y's mine at Rathburn station, twenty three miles above Chattariooga. Splendid oil has been discovered in the wells that/ate being sunk in ihe Povcriy Byy district. Auckland, N, Z' New Zealand is paying about 61 per ci>nt for the money borrowed by the Government. While on the Peninsula, during tlie war, an officer one day Came across a private soldier belonging to'one of tilfi ! most predatory comjjaniKs of rb« Irish Brigade. The fellow had the lifeless bodies of a goose and hen tied toy.et.her by the heelv?, dangling from his'tsr.iwteofe. 1 il Where did you steal thos-, y'-vr nr*.- j cal V' the officer demanded. " St'*ai is , it?" Faith f was marchin* alous . . . wit,h , C.olor Sergeant Maguire, and the goose —bad csss to it—came out and hissed at the American flag, and bedad I shot fnm on the spot!" " But th - hen. Sir 1 how about the hen !" " It's the. hin, is {{• f B&(.1 luck to the.hin? [caught j,er jaymir eggs for the rebel army, and as a federal' soldier I couldn't stand that anyhow, and I i^ive li'-r a lick that stopped that act of trason!" TRADESMEN - wh<r j^n.'p'y ladies ladies' articles are likely to have the course of their business entirely, re- volutionised (writes' the i .ondon corres- pendent of the LenApr) W a ro?c*nt decision of the ifouse of Iiords. The old theory that " whatever the wife buys the husband must pny for" has ever b^en true wMr literal exactness ; until lately how^vwr the old dictum ; had been thought to contain some'lrtth*. truth, but a recent decision of the | Supreme Court of Appeal sweeps away ! ^jjg ,]octrinft Qf r]je lin3Vian,rs enforced JJ } -j. ajt tfa j Deven}mai v , ^ " y ^tofretuer. In i^venuam v. Mi>11 on the House of Lords decided that, if a husVnrl forbids his wife to pledge (lis credit, as loo£ as he dons not keep her destitute of necessaries, the tradesman wbo tuists h^r in ignorance of her special reslrieMons cannot recover his charjre* from h"r huR^ind. Frem the point of view of th^ impecunious husbands with extravasrant wives the decision is eminently satisfae'ory : but I confess I cannot he>p feeling some liitle sympathy with the suffering tradesman. He most sureiy is placed on the horns of a dilemma, Tlie wife of a wealthy and respectable merchant comes into his shop and purchases, say dresses perfectly suitable, as dresses g-o, to the sphere of society in which she mows. If the poor tradesman supplies hor. is liable to have the husband turn round on him and>;av "I had exwssly told my not to pledge mv credit,, and I' shall not pay your bill." On the other hand if the silk morcer detn-ira and asks his would-be customer ;:o bvi:i/ he* - husband to ratify her ordi'is, t ho. haughty darae, in. nine cises «nt of ten, will toss her head and WH-1; out of the shop, while her hucivutd will think his wife has boon o;r y insulted. In the one cas-> the. tradesman loses his goods, in the uther he he loses his "customer. Thr-re is some truth in the old. paradox which says it is better for law to be e- rtain than for it to be just. The decision of the House of Lords is unassailable, and ultimately it will doubtless remodel th« system on which, business is carri ed on in the shops devoted to lady customers. Meanwhile, however, the position of the tradesmen is not an easy one ? and he seems peculiarly exposed to a kind of fraud \vhich is of go infrequent occurrence. A young man on Main-street says h is going to attempt tlie feat of <roing 40 days without working. H« say- if his employers do not watch him, he thinks he can accomplish the task. SPELLING REFORM.—At the Inst meeting of the Philological Society a discussion took place on the basis of p*p A r« presented by Mr. Henry Swe«.t on immediate reforms in English spelling which are deemed desirable. The reforms decided oil by varying majorities were:—1. The dropping of final or inflexional silent e when the pronunciation will not be affected by it (carried by 11 to 6). 2. A more extended use of z» leaving inflexional s alone (12 to 4). 3. Tbe substitution of e,e for ie (16 to 1). 4. The substitution of simple e for ea when it has the sound of e in net (carried unanimously). 5. The restoration of historical u instead of o and ou (10 to 1). 6. The substitution of f for ph (14 to 3). 7. Tlie substitution of f for gh in laugh, &e.; (10 to 3). 8. The omission of b in limb, &c.; (16 to 1). 9. The omission of unetvmological and unpnonetic consonants in at least tbe following words ; —debt, doubt, subtle, feign, foreign, sovereign ghost, aghast, burgher, rhyme, could, receipt, demesne, island, scythe, scent, thyme, hole (13 to 3). 10. The restoration of t for ed in past tenses and past participles wherever practicable (14 to 1), 11. That in all words ending in ant, ance, ent, once, these endings should be spelt in the same way (9 to 4) After long and warm debate the society further expressed its approval of the immediate adoption of these reforms, and ftufhorised their adoption by any writer in its printed Transactions and paperp. This v. r as v;>;ed bv 11 to 9. ^ The ulterior consideration of the subject MS postponed. 