VICTOBULN SPORTING HEMS. FBT ELBCTtttC ___E_B_t-.l M__bou___. Thnrsdar.. - A considerable amount of betting has ansned during t_e- week, a good deal ef which was on the Canlfield Cup.. Sardonyx has been trail hacked _p to 100 to 12, and eren. 100's to 13 were booked. This adranoe had the effest of. sending back Tramp Toss to 10 to 1. Bat--rst and Eirer ton were backed for small amounts at the sams price. I)o_hli- event honks were nnemed on the Guineas and Caul field Cup— Wheatear, Beyal Maid, Kohinoor, and Topaz being c.ose. for the Guinea*, coupled with Sardonyx,; Woo-lands, Trump Yosb, and Bathurst for the Cap. Over the Marifcvr-ong Plate there has been a good, deal «f betting Segehboe is first favourite at 100 to 11, but Ipbigena, Prince George, Morpeth, Mistake, and others _ave received liberal support. For the Derby Darebin is atriflefirmer, Somerestienow at 7 to 2, Cuke 4 to 1, _pim_i_£d_l8 and Dnebin 6 to 1. each, and Somnua 7 to 1. The ceratching of Progress for the Melbourne Cap has. strengthened the position of Duchess, about whom 100 to; 15 has been accepted, 'Waxy 100 to 8, and Bathurst 100 te 7.' Several ether horses have been backed at lone prices. In Darriwell and Progress two good'- horses am out of the Melbourne Cup. The former has gone wrong, but Progress is ail right, only being withdrawn because Wilson considered he had one. if not two, bottar in the stable. Yeomans has arrived at Flemineton witbr'the-2-year. «l_eolt Cetewayo. The meeting of the V.E.C. will- ba^ held on- the 2?th,. when the following proposition* will be made:— 1. That sx official-racing calendar be published monthly by the V.E.C. 2. That the committee Gubmit the following new rule to a special general meeting, to be called for the pur pose of considering the same before the ensuing Storing Meetise. Rule— The rules of the V.S..C. shall apply to all meetings held under the control of the VAC. or advertised in the official racing calendar, to be held subject to the V.E.C. rules. If a horse run at~__xjtneetincr » Vic toria which is not so advertised, or where the said rules shall not be In force, he is perpetually disqualified from running upas, the Flemington raceoourse. The cemmittee of the V.ii.C. may, at their discretion prohibit the adver tisement of amv meeting in the official racing calendar. 3\. That no race shall be run upon the Fle_d_Kio_ race course to which less than £50 is added.' Thursday next the Amateur Turf Club will inaugurate their first important Spring meeting. Tot the Hurdles,. Dburringile or Sportsman are most likely to supply the winner. Steeplechase: Although Twilight heads the list, she should win, with Ajax, First Love, and Actress. Hilarious, the New Zealander, will mate his _rst appear-, ance in the Corinthian Flat Sace, and will probably win it. Then comes the Toorak Handicap, with Hilarious, The Ghost, Josephine, and Cantata. Visitors are beginning to arrive for the epri.e- raeo meetings. The result of the-first forfeit for the Uaribyrnong Plate is that 49 are still left in, and probably 23 -will «o t» the. post. Eli Jellett announces his intention to sell all-big horses in training, stables, &c;, stating as a reason that he has for several years been unsuccessfully competing against prejudicial handicappers and other unpropitious fates. There is a condition attached to tfce Melbourne Cup. If nominators do not pay up the second forfeit on Thursday next they are liable for the whole stake, and if the whole stake be not paid by 11 o'clock on the aaarniag before the race, the nominator is not only liable for the whole stake, but bis horse will not be allowed to start. Only 13 horses have been nominated for the Geelonp Bacintr Club Sires* Produce Stakes of 1885. None are from N.S. Wales. The scratch ings for the Melbourne Cup are Progress, Stratheani, Atlantic, ITeirerina, Sunayside, and Darn, well. There has been nothing of a p_rti«ul*xly interesting character on the training grounds during the week; the Email quantity of rain which has falleahaB improved the training tracks. The New Zealand horses are in good form, espeeiall Hilarious and Somnus, the only colt who is very gay Besworth, Wellington. Eeliadrum, Mercury, Darebin, am d others were all given nseful exercise. 