SPORTING NOTES, «fcc. RACING EVENTS TO COME, TnttersaH's Winter Meeting, August 1ft Charters Towers J.C. Anuuul, August 24, 25. Olympie Annual Meeting. August 21, 25. Hawkesbury Sprinc Meeting, August 25, 27 A-T.C. Hpthtg Meeting. Keptoiiilior 8. fl, 8,10 Cooktown Annual Meeting, Kuptctnbor 7, B. liowen T.C. Mooting, September 10 Svilnoy Turf Club Meeting, September 17 Mnltlnnri Meeting, September 27, 28 Publier Uiver J.C. Knees, September 2S, 29 V.R.C. Spring Meeting, October 20, November 1, 3, 5 Q.T.C. Spring Meeting, Niivembor i). 10 llewlign J.C. Meeting, November 23, 24 Wagga Wagga Spring Meeting, November 23, 24, 25 THE first forfeits for the Metropolitan Stakes and Melbourne Cup Were declared on Monday last. The scratchings in thc first-named event have reduced the number to forty-four, while one hundred still remain in thc Cup race. Latest advices from Sydney state that i m por. tant work has boen done during the past week, and a considerable amount of hotting has taken place. Trump YOBS is still first favourite for tho Hawkesbury Grand, but Wellington, Master Avenel, Major, Creswick, Kamilaroi, Zulu, and others have hardened. Monmouth is shortening for the two Herbies, whilst Mar- tindale and The Pontiff are as good favourites as Sweetmeat for the Metrop. From the Bundaberg Mail I gather a few additional particulars of tho principal events run at the late meeting there. In thc Town Plate there were six starters, Mistletoe going to the front at the fall of tho flag. When the straight was reached for home. Mistletoe, Pacha, and Pretender soon left thc field, and a great race ensued, all three under the whip, Mistletoe finally winning by a short neck ; Pacha second, a neck in front of Pretender ; Nitrogen a length off, fourth. Time, 2 ni i ns. 45 secs. In the Corinthian Race, W. Dip- lock was thrown from Chancellor and sustained a fracture of thc base of the skull, and has sinco died in the hospital. Thc riderless horse stuck to thc course for over two miles and carno in first. Little Dick, who was second, of eourse obtained the prize. In tho big handicap four started. For the first mile Nitrogen ran close to thc Rock- hampton colt, when he wpas settled, and Pacha and Pretender began to close up. In the straight the whips wcro brought into play, and after a great set-to Pacha made it a dead heat with Mistletoe, Pretender beaten by a neck. Tho distance was twice round (apparently 2 miles 100 yards). Time, 3 mina. 50 secs. The mn off for thc dead beat waa done in 4 mine. 15 secs. At thc scttlim- £215 was paid away, thc principal winnerna being-Mr. G. Skyring, £83 13s.; Mr. J. Rutherford,£79 10s.; Mr. J.Cook, £20 17s.; Mr. Walsh, £10; Hon. B. B. Moreton, £9 ; &c.; Townsville annual races commenced on Thursday last, in thc presence of a larao number of spectators. Only two started for Maiden Plate, Annandale and Wheel of Fortune, the first-named (a son of Sydney Tim Whiffer) defeating the Mackay filly easily. In tho Flying Handicap, Mignonette commenced operations by bolting and throwing her jockey. Another rider was then found, and carrying 9st. 7 lbs. (2st. 1 lb. overweight), the mare won easily from Fiddlestring (G st. 5 RIB.), thc only other horse who dis- puted her right to thc prize Zulu beat Ragman mid North Star in thc Selling Race without difficulty. Then came the Town Pinte, which, after a good raco, was won bv Pelham (Cst. 31bs.); Lupus (7 st. J31bs.") second, and Forerunner (7st. Gibs.) third. Neither Ace, Crazy Jane, or Fiddlestring started. The Rake has been scratched for all engage- ments, and, I presume, will stand thc season at his old quarters at Gracemere. At the Geelong Winter Meeting, Napper Tandy (7 st. lOIba. ) defeated Koh-i- noor (7 st. 211-8.) by half a head in the Winter Handicip ; Attraction (7st. 12lbs.) was third. Thc mile and a-half was covered in 2 mins. 54 secs. In thc Railway Stakes, run on tho same day, Napper Tandy (8 st. 5 lbs.) cantered in a winner by four ieii^ths from Thc Ghost (Gst. Ollis.) aiid Bruno (Gst. 12 Hw.) The seven furlongs occupied 1 min. 37 secs. Tattersalls winter meeting takes place to-day. It seems the amount won by Mr. P. Lorillard, the owner of Iroquois, thc English Derby winner, bas beeu grossly ex.-ig-jt-rateil, that gentleman stating that about £2500 was all thc money he received for his investments ou him. Thc amount presented by Mr. Lorillard to Archer for his victory has also been magnified from dollars to pounds, £1000 being the correct sum. Messrs. Rutherford Bros.* brown colt Mistletoe returned from Bundaberg by thc Lady Bowen on Tuesday, apparently none the worse for his trip, which bas certainly been rather a severe one. Thc entries for the Wagira Gold Cup arc : Victory, Rainbow, Phantom, Maivhionei-H, Trump YOBS, Brian Boru, Sangfroid, Honesty, Birthday, Lord Lismore. Munnora, Dii:t¡il"r, Gipsy Cooper, M.'ijor, Canary, Petrel, Odd Trick, ("huckster, Wno.il.iù.ls, Civsuick, Dundreary, Martindale, The I'.niliff, li .thurst, Ktna, Sweetmeat, Lord Burghley, Master Avenel, Jester, Stratbearn, nn<l Secuudus. There arc 32 in thc Grand Stand Handicap and 30 in tho Town Plate. Charters Towers general entries ami .iccep. tances arc very good, and a sueces-ful meeting is therefore likely to result. LiUc Towns- ville the only horses outside the district nominations are those from Mackay, conse- quently the bulk of the money stands a fair clianco of being retained by the "home circle." Sussex, the renowned steeplechaser, goes to html this season, his services being aunounccd nt fifteen guineas per marc. At thc annual meeting of the members of tho Victorian Jockey Club last week, thc following addition was made to Rule 39 : " Rut the starter is empowered ta place vicious horses which, ia hie opinion, by their misbehaviour aro likely to prevent a fair start, in any position he may think proper, in order j to avoid injury to or interfere with other horses at thc post." Not having been favoured with a copy of the Queensland Turf Club Spring programme I am unable to review it at present. 