ODD NOTES. \- BY A. BOHEMIAN. (From The WteTc.) Thb Prerhiorr Appeal's to have got on remark ably weli.atjBooUhampton— ouvried all before him, so*. to speak— as I expected he would under such' favourable ciroumstnnccs. He was the guest of the Mayor, who had just been elected imemborlfor the oily on the Ministerial ticket, barrihE'tho introduction of coolies and . the transqptltinontal railway part of the Minis terial programme, and who was ovidently in the right frame of- mind to be converted on the spot from the error of his. ways, on these two subjects.' The thing was dono by the Premier's patent instantaneous process, and now the new member for Eockhampton has taVen the oatlT'of ^'allegiance* to tho party with out hesitation or mental reservation of any kind whatsoever. But although Ike task was a very easy, .one, tho manner -.of performing it was thoroughly artistic. Nobody can truth fully accuse M'llwraith of want of tact and judgment in any emergency. With a full average of Scotch caution and 'cannyness,' lie can, if occasion require, ' pitch the blarney' ' as copiously and effectively as any Irishman living. That is what he appears to have done at the Mayor's banquet last Monday night. He prefers Europeans to coolies, so he says, but he cannot bring himself to consent to Europeans working on sugar plantations in tropical Queensland. Coolies must bo brought in for that work. If, when here, these coolies find their way to the sugar l-l:u-.ters of Bundaberg, Maryborough, the Logan, Albert, and Pimpama rivers; to the squatters of the interior ; to everybody in any part of the colony who ff els inclined to keep a ni^er or two — that will bo no fault of the Ptvxier'a— will it ? The earnest desire of the Ministry is that the sugar planters of tropical Queensland ulonc shall havo a monopoly of coolie labourers, and that no other employers of labour in any part of the colony shall be pensittid'to engage a coolie imder any circuni; stances. If a law be passed to that effect, and it Li afterwards evaded, in all directions— why that will, clearly be the fault of the persons who evade it. And if tha Ministry try to pis:- a law. to ? that . off ect, mid a majority in Parliament refuse to sanction such palpably ... '...^ ... ._:..! in^C-tnl-Irt.t flirt 'Minicfrv Avill ' then have to full buck upon the Act and regula tions already on our statute book and do the beat they cm with it. Anyway, so long as they bring la the coolies and vehemently insist that they only wish' them to be employed on sugar p'jstatijr.i. within 'the tropics, no blumc can attach to fche:niE other people insist upon their equal rigiit to engage such labourers. And tken the manner in which, the Premier got over the difficulty of restricting European immigration to a couple of hundred souls or so per month, when t'aat kind of labour is 30 much in demand \i??e, was a;so grant! . xieueciuruuwini'.ij'wwjji..**.. immigrants will not come in any greater num bers. And who can contradict the statement ? This is an' unanswerable reply to all objections on tho subject of European immi gration, and relieves the Government of no end of worry ana anxiety. If European immigrants will not come out to this colony, that is an ad ditional reason why a larger number of coolies slur-id be imported. Altogether, Mr. M'll. wraiii: ;it Bodibumpton cid even better than I eipscwJ. HU Honour tin Chief Justice has at length yiilded. to the urgent and reiterated request of Her Most Gracious Majesty, made through T..-,..,i T.rir.il-iPriov. and has consented to be a £-.'.;?!?.- iUdidor. which entitles him to write 'Sir'' before his name. I have no objection niysri: to our Chief Justice becoming Sir Charles Lille?, but personally I am almost afraid that l' will not be abl= to increase my ivsp-xt and admiration for him in propor tion to the new honour and dignity with. wV.Lh be is now invested. As the Chief 3i:stici of Queensland, who had refused to be crMted merely a Knight Bachelor, I eeo™ to hive used up all my extra adciiratior, glorification, and exultation over our popular ChUf Justice. I hope this does not render me liasl.' to be committed to gaol for contempt. It ought- not, because really and truly I am to be pi-La a-jd not blamed for my present state of mind. Bow the dickens was I to know that he was going to accept the profterod honour atter all? And, then, although I cannot just at present contrive to pump up much enthusiasm on f.ie subject, and could not swear on a Bible thai the fact of tho Chief Justice bearing a title adds immensely to his dignity and honour and entitles him to greater reverence— still I may come to see it in that light before I die if nobody tries to hurry me into the conviction And in the meantime I am quito willing to admit that in the estimation of a largo number of peopb tin addition of such a title makes all tha difference in the world. There are persons who are (irmly persuaded that a title conferred by tar Majesty the Queen changes the colour of the recipient's blood instantaneously, en larges his mental powers, elevates his character, and invests him with a halo of honour and dignity which extends in somo degree to those wlio are permitted ,to- enjoy Mb personal friend ship afterwards. And such being the case, I am not at all sure that.hiB Honour did not do a very wiss and proper thing in withdrawing his objection and accepting the proffered honour. The title may come in handy at all sorts of unexpected turns, and his possession of it may 'confer an| exquisite pleasure upon a ?niinibi'r of very estimable peoplo with whom bo mar be brought in contact.' Persons who have resided In the United1 States of America, 'the citizens .o£ which, are never weary of boasting of their purely .democratic institutions, assure me that these very people, while vehemently assert ing tiie absolute equality of all men, look with wonderful awe and' reverence upon a man with o title, asdara so .'enamoured of any little dis tinction which raises, or is supposed 'to raise, one above the. level ofnis. teuowa,,tuux iney con'er courtesy titles upon each other. Any' bod y who~'wiahes~ to' be 'somebody - ' in ~ the ' ?' States ''h'as'to-be a'genbraV brVcolohol at the very least, if he cannot get into Congress and go claim the ti±le.of 'J honourable.' ? A man in tha States who, isfcneither. an ' honourable,' a general, nor a colonel, by right or by courtesy wftk popular approval, ,dQoj not .stand the ghost o£ a cbance eithor ob a public man or in 'society.' . The ' bulk 'of tho citizens' of the United State's are first cousins to the .people of Australia 'in general and Queensland in parti cular, and of course develop tho hereditary tendency of ths race, o£ ? whioh an abject wor Bh'm of 'title) is not tho least marked. All tblnei considered, *'I think- our Chief Justice did; tie -proper thing after aU in allowing himself to be created-Sir- Charles LUley by hor Majesty s Ictt-?r3 piteutk.rj.-i.. :;/!:???/.???: . .'_ , I was very mich struck.with a . letter in The WUgrashtoa other day, from a hawker from Victoria; who wanted to settle and set up in business horo. The .man '.seemed to think, not Unreasonably, I contend, that-if he proved to tho authorities that'ie was a respectable -man and paid tho £10 demanded for' a hawker's licence ho would bo.allowed to engage in the business straight away. But in this ho was grievously mistaken. After dancing attendance for several days upon tlio Clerk of Potty Ses. sions, the Detective ? Office, and i several ser geants of police, ho discovered that .the hawk ing business is, in this colony, a monopoly confined exclusively to well-known residents of the colony who. are able to pay the licence fees and procure two resident colonists of repute to become- sureties for him iu tile 'sum of £20eich for his good behayour^. while ^holding such licenced On looking up tho law on the subject, I see the C. P. S. had no alternative but to act as he did in the matter. It is the statuto which is to blame and not him.- But .why should this be so? What is there about hawking in this colony which shbuld: rendor it necessary to be hedged round with so' 'many irksomo con ditions ? If a man proves that he is a respect able and responsible person, and is willing to pay tho very heavy licence fee demanded from hawkers here — why should he be prevented from engaging in the business because he happens to bo a stranger, and therefore cannot procure two resident householders who will become sureties for him ' in1 the sum of £20 each for his good behaviour while holding the licence ? What possible objection can there be to a man earning his living iu this colony by hawking ? It would be possible to go on ask. ing many more questions of the same kind, if there were any prospect of getting them answered, but thero is not. This to me is another proof oS over-logislation in Queensland. If we go on at the same rate the time will soon come when nobody but lawyers will be safe for a single moment in this colony. ' Never prophesy unless you are absolutely certain ' is a wise rule to observe. It prevents no end of awkward explanations, retractions, and apologies afterwards. There is a wonderful perversity in the order of ovents which happen to have been foretold — they are almost certain to occur differently or not occur at all, if only for the sake or humiliating and bringing into disrepute the p2rson who has ventured to hazard a statement on the subject. I remember quite a number of instances in point. Only the other day the Courier had to cave in about Ministers departing south. It had stated several times on the most trustworthy authority that certain Ministers of tho Crown would leave for Sydney by a certain steamer— arid as sure as that steamer started for Sydney those Ministers were not passengers. At length the Courier very justifiably refusod to commit itself to. a positive statement about the depar ture of those Ministers, even on the testimony of personal friends who had seen them off. That was the only safe course to adopt under the circumstances. And this reminds me of an old 'G-ympie episode. A drill was blown through a miner's cranium, carrying away a Dortion of the brain. L-r. Byrne, who was :alled-in, said that it was impossible for tho man to live Jforty-eighi hours — but the man was ilive at the end of that time. Then the doctor aflh'ined in the most positive man ner that it was physically impossible for the sufferer to survive another day — and at the end of another twenty-four hours the man seemed to be rather better, if anything. Byrne then got mad about it and declared that he would sta his professional reputation on the man not being aaic to live the week out— but at tin1 em! of seven more days the man was still alive. The doctor then professed to have 'ainod ne'.v light on the case, and explained to professional brethren at considerable- length the reasons why he had come to tho conclusion that tlu- man would get over the accident after all. ; that very diy tho poor fellow died. Bvrne then declared that the man had always m(L ji down upuil II11I1, uuu iiitu w tiijuti; hmi all he could — out of sheer .-?pito and malice. T don't thinl'. he hns quite forgiven that miner to this hour. But it was not the injured miner'* fault. Ths mistake was in prophesying so con fidently as to what would be the result of the accident i:i a stated time. 