.Amusements. Theatbe Rofal. — Last night MuejrroTo'a Comic Opera Company appeared for the last time in Syd ney, and on Tuesday nest the principals will sail for 'if Jbourne, where ' Oiivetta' and ** Madame £'3,vart' have yet to be produced. -Last evening tbero was a good attendance to see 'Madame l_vart' for the last time, and the usual demonsfcra l iions of approval were plenumi. Tins eveningine I excellent company Mr. Williamson has got together I appear for the fir sttime, and, contrary to the expee I t&tions; of those having a means of looking into I fnturity, a comedy. All Sydney is looking for I ward to 'Patience' and *'£_lee Taylor,' but muafc I have patience ia another sacse first, since Eureka I . ?which is the drama to be preseated — is enre to run I 'well, and it is qnite on the cards that the '.Pirates ' I may reappear for a time before long. Of ' Eureka' I it may eniy be said it is a piece eminently adapted to I Wing out all those characteristics which have made I _Ir. and Mrs. Williamson so famous, the former I playing a young German and the latter appearing in I ia role that gives her abundant oDportnnity of dis I playing her vocal po ware and other means of attract ing. The remainder of the oast is, on the whole, strong, and the Benson commences with every proepecfc of success. Gaiety Theatbe. — The successful run of ' Mother-in-Law ' ia to be interrupted to-night, and *' Belphegor ' substituted, which ha* always been poasidored one ot Mr. Dampier's beat impersona tions. Little Boae L qjier will appear as Henri, and the full strength ©f^ae eompany will support. it is oertain that there will be a crowded house, the jaoro bo as ' Belphegor ' is to be played for one night only, "Mother-in-Law" being reproduced on Monday, when it will be followed by the comedietta, I ('Who's to win him?' *'It is never too late lo I tnend ' is announced as in active preparation. ' Opeea. Hotjsk. — Now that the Opera House is, | thankB to the enterprise of Mr. Wilson, the lesson, i one of the cheeriest and best appointed of out theatres, it has become the fit home of sush musical ! feasts as those provided by the Montague-Turner lOompany. Tho only trouble is that, if the season is ' to last any longer, and we have strong reason to sus pect it will, a contract for extending the auditorium half-way across York-street ourht to receive serious consideration. Last night ' Luorezia Borgia' wae produced for the first time, and the house ?was packed in all parts, while the principals _aig in their very bfest form, which those who; have (heard them a few times can understand to moan no slight commendation. To-night ''L-crezia' will be produced for the last time, and, despite counter attractions all over tho eity, we venture to predict that only those who are punctual will find comfort able accommodation. ! Queen's Thea the. — There is no slackening in the popularity with which Mr. Reynolds' sensational jdrama ' Ould Erin ' is received. Ic nightly draws iexeellent houaas, and the fun of its humourous situa tions is well brought out. The terrific prowess of Dsnny, and the wicked but droll doings of Critoh lihua, are vociferously applauded by the pittites from the rising of the curtain ' till the going down of the same.' \- Victoeia HalIi. — Darcy Bead's Ghosts are draw ing well at the Victoria Hall, and there seems to be B, probability thai they will continue to delight large numbers of the good folk of Sydney for a long time to oonse. I School of Aets. — Professor Miller, the well known athlete, takes a farewellbenifit at the School ?of Arts this eveni-g, whieh it ia to be hoped will be jwell attended. During his atey here the Professor jh_B maae a number of friends, and bis de parture will be regretted by numbers of (others beside his pupils. On Monday a' new jeeasation will be provided by mean* of the (' Hongkong Chinese Orchestra and Opera Com pany.' Those who have never seen a Chinese ' opera ' have no conception of what it is like. It $b literally one of those thing* that muatbe Been and heard — very muoh heard— to be appreciated. There 'are 20 performers, and when we state that the jprimo tecore, Ah Gow, is to appear, we feel certain {the house will be one to be remembered. '-? The annual excursion in connection with St. jJamea'a Christian Doctrine Confraternity, Forest lodge, will take place on next Tuesday, 25th instant, at Tennyson. On this oocaiion the affair will be doubly interesting, ae the Rev. J. J. Pollard will be tke Te«ipi«nt of an address and testimonial from the parishioners, and also from tho school cBildren, in ?eoognition of his past labours in the cause of religion jaod education in that parish. { A bighlyintsresting and i_Btr_ctiv« entertainment, ttonaisti-g of a series of dissolving views was given last evening, in St. Andrew's schoolroom, by Mr. W. (Zlarwood, accompanied by V. A. Lee, as leoturer, the \- iBubjeots being, '* Tour throuirh Ireland,' ' How Jane Co-quest tang the bell,' ' Pepper's Ghoit,' \- (and other viaws. The proceeds to be devoted to the Sunday school fnnd.and judging from the numDer jp'esoct was a complete ?uoeess. 