MELBOUBNB NOTES. (From oar owp Correspondent.) Tsmpojuby SitBKCK -Subuues-The TBTJS Oaosb - On THB OFBBATINO TABIB t-" (Jews BBATBD EXCUSES - A SPBCPI^TTTB SCQONOBEI. - A. HOBO iiOGiCAb SWINDLE-An HONEST Jbbob -TUB IIbp OBOSS AND ns ViCTOBisa -THE Ast ov ADVERTISING. Men culpa %lea maxima culpq /-I m&y; as well make a clean breast of it, tell tlie truth and shame-myself. You have beenlanguishing, sweet readers, for the mental refreshment, cbcering but not in ebriating, to which you have lately been accustomed. You have pined for the want of your epistolaiy V Vigorine," that doubly-distilled essence of veracity so bracing to the system. You havo felt, confess it, utterly unhinged and miserable, not oven the latest local scandal could act as a tonic in the absence of TOUT favorito Exhibition letters. And this is all my fault. Of a verity I feel humblo ana contrito in your presence, can but ac knowledge my backsliding, and suo most lustily for forgiveness. And the cause-the cauBe of it all P Listen !-I havo not been saturating my youI with Ozonic Nepenthe at Sorrento, QincnsclitT, or Lome. I have not been devoting every spare minute to tho perusal'of tho forty-three comnetitiro dramas for the llamillonian i'250 priae. 1 havo not Leon coaching Jack Gardiner in his fortlicorijing great speech on the Differential Calculus iu its relations to 1 the Protoplasmic. 'iiieory. I havo not hctu preparing the J!cv. J)r. Strong's de. fiiiro against the gftihtnng thunderstorm ci Presbyterian Orthodoxy. I havo not been doing a bit of lay preaching on my Ortii account, " super "-nig at the Uoyai, laying down wood pavements in Collins street, belling walnuts on the aide-walk. | I havo not been lured from the paths of journalistic, rectitude by any Will-o'-tho '.Wisp prosperous of a new newspaper, I offering gigantic terms to nil and aundry 1 who choose to follow it through bog and who to the ultimate slough of bankruptcy. I I hare not been closeted with Graham Uerry, dictating his future lino of policy. I have not been with Sorviee in the I'e.-liasur as far as King 0 cargo's Sound. 1 have not made a fortune in shares or a failure in an Emasculated Bcform Bill? I have not joined either the Great Majority or the Moribund Ministry. I havo not been in gaol for murdering tho Queen's F.nglish, richly ns I may havo deserved it-or in tho hospital for break ing the ten commandments. What thou has absorbed my time-what baa pro* vented mo from tho labor I so love, pay t weekly chat with friends from glacier throned New Zealand lo tho torrid shores of Carpentaria r Simply and solely this -I havo sated tho revongeful thirst of | " mine enemy,'' whoever n# may be, I havo laid myself calmly, gracefully,, on. tho operating table of tho great kill* or euro Kcola de Vivisection; I ha?e bared my manly breast to the fleams of tho as sembled circle of critics, and Heaven,help me, am prepared for tho result- In plain language, Bweet readers mine, I have pub liMied a book, and the final touches thereof have cost me both time and anxiety. Not nishing to he accused of using this column ns an advertising medium, I refrain from further particulars; but there is my Kxrrsn! impugn it whoso list 1 1 think the above genuino Statement is far more more creditable than, if not so ; witty as, the alliterative excuse tendered to the public by a celebrated English writer wim on resuming the chapters of hi* story, after a long intorval, informed his readers that ia silenoewai attributable to " a little love, a little law, and a great deal of liquor," or to the more elabo rate explanation of tho Frenob journalist whose " excess of emotion at tho decease of a much-beloved mother-in-law" kept him away from work and necessitated a trip to the gambling-tables of Badem Baden-" whereat," ho added, I long sought in vain to allay my acute sorrow by alternately plunging my aonl in the fiery flood of'ruu^' and the Stygian stream of' Noir,' " My remarks, in a recent letter, about cheap jowellery, have received consider able emphasis by tho bursting of the Rodanow Watch Company bubble, so thoroughly exposed by the Argvt. The price liat of this supposed company, emanating from a smglo speculative scoundrel in America, offered solid silver cased lever watches, jewelled, with mono gram engraved, spare mainsprings, glasses and keys, and a written guarantee for three years, at 17s. each ; 18 carat gold watches at £2 5s,, and so on. So plausibly was the advertisement worded, ao much stress laid on the fact that the firm was " established in 18-iO," and bad since gained pris^ medals at the Great Exhibi tions, and such caution was exhibited in tho matter of remittances *' or reference to a Boston House," that many, I fear, have been gulled into sending money to America for these impalpable time keepers. It is to be hoped that they (the dupes) and one and all of ns, will profit by the lesson, and that henceforth tho I respectable local firms will be patronised at their legitimate prices, and foreign rogues left to expond their conning on the desert air, Better pay £5 for a service §bl.e ^ratch, however plain and devoid of extra jewels, than remit half that amount across the rolling seas in chase of a ghost of a ticker, a horological Mrs. 'Arris, a watch not made with hands, fictitious, in the clouds. I wonder if George Oollins Levey, O.M G., Ac., Ao, is agent for any watch firms. Another swindle, just exposed by the Argtu, is the manner in which one of tho jurors ih the section " Stationery, Print ing, and Books," sought to upset the avrards of his fellow jurors by rofnsing at first to vote in their presence, and after wards furtively added a series of " noughts " in order to reduce the total average of the awards. As 1, personally, am quoted by the Argus as one of the victims, and as the injustice is really more glaringly apparent as regards my exhibit than in any of the other cases, I tako this opportunity of thanking the gentlemen of the Jury in the said section-excepting only Mr. Oliver Levey, brother of Mr. George Collins Levey, C.M.G.-for their honorable conduct in declining to accept the slily-affixed, and palpably spiteful, vote of their high-minded colleague. a for Jndas himself- poor remorseful Judas -for lam sore he must be sorry now he is found out-he can seek consolation either after tho historical fashion, or in tbf society of bit noble kinsman. Ob 1 Che* bornini 1 The awards have all been made, nnc there i» tbenioal six of satisfaction and balf-a-doaen of disappointment. Amongst the principal prize-takers I am glad to see the Bed Cross Company, who bear off chief honors for pickles, sauces, and pre serves. I did not forget my promise to give some day a description of the opera tions carried on by this company. I looked in a short time ago for the pur pose, and found no less than the Earl and Countess of Ellesmcre and Lord Hervey Phippg going over the works. I am tola that they were highly pleased with all they saw, and made favorablo compari sons between the Hod Cross and other similar factories in the old country. It speaks well for the practical common sense of oqr aristocratic visitors that they should appreciate our manufacturing in dustries, and not allow the giddy mael strom of looiety to absorb them alto* gether. The application of the Fine Arts to that (till finer Art-the Art of Advertising-is every day becoming more and more fashionable i note the admirable little pictures re Eno's Fruit Salt, drawn by Adelaide Claxton, and published in many of our leading papers. Note also a comical cut of " Before and After," illustrative of tho beneficial effects of Poulton's Electro Chemical Baths. I thought at first that it represented an individual who had par taken freely of the Yan Yean liquid mud, and the same countenance after a refresh ing draught of " Mount Macedon " Spring water, which, by the way, ia now being sold in Melbourne in large quantities, much to the delight of those who detest the liquid filth that flows from our taps. 