STUDIES PROM LIFE, KS MySTEEIOnB PATIENTS. Who could they bo ? There was an aris tocratic and even distinguished air about them ^ which told unmistakably of high breeding. Who could they be, and wnat could possibly hare brought them to Donjon ville ? These were the queries that buzzed about from mouth to mouth one Sunday after ' morning service as neighbours and friends .jogged gossiping homewards, and they formed the staple topio -of ^conversation at every Donjonville dinner- table that day. The objects of all this' curiosity and excitement were two strangers, a lady and gentleman, who l^ad made their appear ance that . morning in, the ? Government chapel, and, it, is to be feared, had sadly distracted the .attention!, of- the ! congregation. For strangers of any kind i 'were a rarity at Donjonville, but strangers : of this class were amoafc unknown. I&ey; I were certainly a tffrn arfr able -looking^ couple I — undoubtedly hushand and wife.' The lady, j was very pretty, of tall and graceful figure, | but fragile and delicate,! This gditleman I was. tall,. slight, audi handsome, but' he too i was evidently hot strong. Both were young, apparently under thirty. It was soon ascer- I tamed that they . were lpdging at Mrs. | Tofte's. Now Mrs. Tofts, a round, motherly, I apple-faced woman, whose gorgeous shawls were, ong of the sights of Donjonville, kept an exceedingly seleot and 'respectable lodging-house. She had been lady's-mmd in '3 good family, _and it was w^U' known that sheWMvery pa^iouluasto ti» sprt ol per* sons to wliom tiielHIier Uyd^i^s; To be a ? -' ' .' '? ??K*. ? . ? ' lodger at Tofts* was indeed a Btamp of gentility which 'Donjonville 4 Society* never failed to reoognise. Moreover, as Mrs. Tofts was a little woman who possessed even more than the usual appetite of her sex for gossip, it was fondly anticipated by the ladies of Donjonville that they would soon be acquainted with all that was to bo known aDout tne new-comers. Here they were destined to dire disappointment. Mrs. Tofts, false for once to the instinots of ber sex, I stoutly refused to give any information what ever about her lodgers, declined e.ven to mention their name, but gave her baffled questioners very plainly to understand that the lady and genfieman desired the strictest privacy and seclusion, and would rigorously deny themflelveR tn All Tho onnnaiftr of Donjonville was more ever piqued by this rebuff, and finally .in despair the strangers were set down, as a standing mystery ; a state of things which had this advantage, that it allowed boundless scope for speculation and conjecture, add provided a permanent problem, to the solution of i which Donjonville society could at any time J devote itself in default of anything fresher. I I had then been settled for three years as a doctor in Donjonville, and was beginning to get a pretty fair prac tice. Like everybody I else, I had had my curiosity temporarily aroused by the arrival of those mysterious strangers, and by the. impenetrable s e o r e c y with which they endeav oured to surround all their doings. But mv curiosity soon wane-£, and n ad almost died alto gether, when it wah awakened again, by an unexpected incident. I was sitting alone one evening, dozing by the fire, after a more ordinarily hard day's work, when I was roused by my servant, who informed me that a gentleman wished to see ?- me in the. surgery. I my visitor to be the mysterious, lodger at Toft's. He bowed to me, and said : ' I have come to consult you, doctor, on a delicate matter. My landlady, Mrs. Tofts, was good enough to recommend me to you. I may as well say frankly at once that I desire all that I say to you to beoonsi- , dered gs spoken in the ! strictest oonfidenoo. I have reasons, very strong reasons, for keeping all that ooncerns myself and my wife from tho tongues of the p tying gossips of this place. Foannot, even to you, reveal my name, t-r any facts whatever relating to my past history or that of my young wife. I am simply known to my landlady as Mr. G ? , and it is as Mr. G ? only that I must be known to you. Now, under these circumstances, are you willing to give me your professional assistance and advice ? ' As I hesitated for a moment, he ' said quickly, and with great earnestness : 4 4 If it will be any relief to you, I can assure you i most solemnly, on my word of honour as a j gentleman, that I am guilty of no erime, and I that it is only for gad family reasons that 1 1 decline to reveal my identity.' ^ There was something so noble and true in' his face, that I was ashamed of my momen tary suspicions, and said : 44 Forgive my not answering your candid appeal to me at onoe, and believeAme when I say that I do not tor ?one moment suspect j'ou of anything criminal. You have epoken to me frankly, and I. tell you as frankly ln return that I shall jespect your deeireior secrecy* that I shall ask-no. questions as tojyourjpast^or present .except suoh as may be jieoesBary in my professional, capacity, and that my assistance and advice are at your Bervioe.' -He held out hia hand aa I finish fed. oriA shook mine warmly. ' ?»- * ; 41 Sir,' he said, 41 1 thknk yon for. your kindness and consideration. 1 have need of a friend here, and if I. mistake not, t shall find one in ?youl' ' I assured him that he might rely apon me, and then ho probeeded to toll me why he had palled. His/wife/he! said, was shortly ejecting her first confine ment. She had . never, been strong, and he felt that her case needed special care .skill. ^ He wished.me^to attend upon her^: I promis^ to ^ : so ; ^d then lQwolmg his | voipe almost to a whisper^he fiaJ4'?ftth.a strange nervous £witchmg ( of th^ 'laoe : '^Aaa noW| do^or| I hav« one more lequest; to make. I — I am not strong myself ; I fear that I inherit heart-disease. Will you examine me and tell me the truth I consented, and found that his heartjwaa in a very weak state. # ,4Youhave heart-disease,' I said} 'but zt has not reached a dangerous stage — with care and quiet, you may live to be an old man. But you must avoid violent excitement -—any sudden shock might do you serious harm.' Jr Thank you,' he said, with a desperate effort to appear calm ; but his voice trembled and his lips quivered as he spoke — 44 thank you. I am very grateful to you for your 1 candour. You will call Boon npon my wife?' - ' 14 1 will call to-morrow,' I replied ; and with that we bade one another 'irood- I I night.' I The next day I paid my promised visit to my new and nameless patient. I found her, | as I. had expeoted, very weak and delicate, and I had serious apprehensions of herooming out of her trouble safely. As I was leaving the house, I was waylaid by Mrs. Tofts. She was yearning to have the embargo so long laid upon her tongue removed, and she thought there could be no harm in gossiping with me upon a secret of which we were the sole repositories. The good woman con fided to me that she had been deeply inter ested in her lodgers from the first. # At b queer, you snow, sir,' sno said, 44 their givin' no name; but the gentleman assured me that he had good reasons ,* and as I could see he was a gentleman, and she a lady, born aud bred, and as they paid hand somely in advance, I made no more ado about lettin' the lodgin'e to them. For I will confess, sir, that I took a fancy to that poor delicate young creature the minute I set eves on her. Thera'R noma hia- am-mm 1 sir, at the bottom of it all. They has letters addressed to 'em at the post- office ,* but only i initials on 'em—' W. G. or ' L. G.' I know ?he's 4 W. G.' and she's 4L. G.,' because I've often heard her call him Walter, and him oall her Louie and Louisa. But I knows no more, and I wants to know no more, for I ain't one o' your pryin' sort.' And here Mrs. Tofts bridled up and mounted her high horse in a state of virtuous dignity. I told her that I knew no more than she did, and that, like her, I was under solemn promise not to reveal to anyone even the little I did know. j-aavf s. gooa aeai oi Mr. and Jars. U ? during the next few weeks, and the more I saw of them the more I liked them. There was a refinement about their manners and conversation which charmed me greatly. We were on'terms of almost intimate friend ship j but no allusion to the past ever escaped either of them, nor did they oncc lift the veil of Beoreoy which hid from me their name and antecedents. It was about six weeks after Mr. G - -'s first visit to me that the summons* which I had been daily expecting came. I hastened at onoe to tbe bedside of my patient, 'and never left it for many | Jours. It was a terrible and trying time, for i her condition was critical in tli* ovh-nmn. I And then, as if there were not sufficient strain upon my nerves in attending to thei wife, there was the husband lying in wait to start upon me like a ghost, whenever I left the bedroom, with his pale, eager, wistful face, his anxious eyes, and his earnest questions: 41 Doctor, how is she now f Is she better? Will she pull through?' The ohild was still-born; and I shall never forget as long as I live ,the look of agonised disappointment on that poor young creature's face, when, in reply to her , request that she might see her baby, I was forced to tell her the bitter truth — that it had never breathed. It seemeu, wnen ane heard that, as if all hope had faded out of her life. She wept like a ohild, for the ohild that was dead before it was born. She would not rest, how - ever, until she had looked upon the face of her dead baby. I allowed her to see it, for I was afraid to thwart her wu-h. j-iiu uurao urvugnv it to her and laid it in her arms as she' sat in the bed prop ped up with pillows. I have never seen a# more touohiag sight than that of this young mother «. looking down with unfa t homable depths of yearning love in her sad eyes upon the little white waxen faoe of her dead fipst-Finrn_ Tt was only with the greatest difficulty that I could induce her to part with the lifeless little body ; she clung to it with desperation, and at last the nurse had almost to use force to get it away from her. Then, when it was gone, she moaned fur hours,' and would not be comforted. All this time her husband was nearly - distracted. For three days and \- niffbfji t,n even. Bat down, I believe, for five minutes at a time, certainly had never slept nor changed his clothes. On the fourth day I had Positively to order him to bed, for he was worn to a sha dow, and with his haggard faoe and hollow cheeks looked almost as ill as his wife. As for her, she grew , daily weaker and weaker. I knew hat the end was not far off, yet I dared not tell the truth to him. All frig happiness seemed bound up in her, and I dreaded the effect of, any sudden shock upon his heart. For a week I went regularly twice a, day to visit^my patient. I had paid my second daily 'visit one evening about eight o'clock, and. had left her gradually sinking, but apparently- likely to , linger for' several 'toys. 2Iy day's work had been excep tionally harassing and fatiguing, and I went to bed early. At midnight I was roused by « uv i rne.oeu. it was a message from Mrs. Tofts. to.. the effect that I was. wanted immediately, , aa the lady was very much worse. In a few ynfnptes I was stand ing by the death-bed of Mrs. G ? .. I saw at once that I could do nothing, that a few hours — possibly a few minutes only, were all that remained to her of life. A. strong paroxysm of pun seized, h$r S09n after 1 arnved, which I thought must inevitably bave proved fatal; but. it. passed away left her aliye« - She lay f or some minutep with her eyes closed to all however, ;ahe slowly raided ber eyslids, ttnd I heara^her iHusper in V lo - voice, butquite distinot and o^ar : ' Walter Walter, dearj' He was sitting with his faoe buHed in his hands, but her voice reached him, and lifting his head he said : 44 My darling ! yes, I am ?here.' In another moment his arms were rottnef# her, and ajsmile played ovdr her whito and wasted cheeks, as he bent down and kissed her passionately. She had just strength enough to raise her arm and letT it fall round his neck. I stepped baok, and left them thus infolddd in a last embrace. I cannot tell whether they whispered to one another or not ; they might have done so without my catching the sound. At last I saw a sudden movement of the counterpane, as if it had been shaken by a strong shudder. I stepped softly forward and looked at her. I saw her open her eyes wide and fix them on her husband's face ; her Ups parted, aa if she were striving to Bpeak. He raised his head, and for a moment they gazed at one another witlr such a strange mixture of passionate tender ness and wan despair in their eyes that the tears came to my own and blinded mo. When I looked again, his lips were pressed to hers, and her face was hidden from me. A few moments later I saw the fingers of the hand that rested lovingly on her husband's neok close tightly and convulsively, then relax and hang loosely from his shoulder. By that I knew that she was dead. I did not venture to disturb him. I thought feat the sudden clammy chill that came.* oyer her faoe as the warmth of life fled from it must have told him the awful truth. But he never stirred, and gave no sign that he knew it. I left the room for a few moments to tell Mrs. Tofts and the nurse that all was over. When we re-entered we found the husband in the same position, kneeling with his face pressed to hers. I went up to him and touched him, but he nevermoved. I laid my hand heavily on his shoulder to rouse him. The arm whioh- was lying on the bed, with the hand clasped in the wife's hand, slipped from her nerveless grasp, and fell limp and lifeless by his side. I was startled ; he must have swooned. I bent over him, with my face close to his. Be was dead. Without a word or a groan, his life had ebbed silently away with hers, and husband and wife had gone out hand in hand to exploro the undiscovered hereafter. I cannot say positively now which of tbe two died first. For all X can tell, he may havo died before her, though there could not have been more than a few minutes betwoon the two deaths in anycase. I had known all along that any sudden shock would be fatal to him, and, weakened as he was by nervous anxiety, I was not surprised at the result. A young curate named Hawdou, who was the only other person in Donionville besides myself who had been allowed to visit them, assisted me in searching among their papers for some oiue to the previous history and real names of the unhappy pair. In the little room which Mr. G — had used as a study, we found an open desk and a heap of chaired paper in tbe grate. It almost seemed as if he had had a presentiment of his end, and had deliberately destroyed every thing that could throw any light upon his antecedents. We found no clue beyond two nanosercnieis marxea witn & coronet ana the letter G., and two rings, one with the initials 41 L. G.,' the other with those of -( L. N.' engraved on them. The latter we concluded must have been Mrs. G— 1 's maiden name. A small sum of money and a few artioles of jewellery were all the valuables we disoovered. These I took oharge of. The linen and olothes were left with Mrs. ToftB. We buried husband and wife in one grave in the little country churchyard about a mile from Donjonville. Hawdon and I at our own expense erected a simple tombstone, bearing this inscription : Sacredtothe memory of WaltebG—, and his beloved Wife, Louisi. G— , who both died January 16th, 1666. 44 In their deaths they were not divided.' — Chambers' Journal . ^ * JrfELBOTONE INTERNATIONAL ^EXHIBITION.— THE BUSH SOENE IN THE SOUTH AUSTRALUN COURT. 