MR. MATTHEW BURNETT AT MOUNT QAMBIER. LECTURE ON A VI8IT TO THE UNITED KINGDOM. On Wednesday evening Mr. Mattlies Burnett, evangelist and social reformer, appealed before an audience of about 250 persons in the Institute Hill, and delivered his popular Icciurc on " Reminicencoa of a visit to Great iiriiain and Ireland." The Wesleyan Church Choir ami the Dnun and Fife Band were present, and, as on the previous evening, materially enlivened the proceeding! and assisted tho lecturcr by their eSoris, the latter having played several well known English airs and the former sung hyntna from Mr. I. D. Sankey's collection. Tho flav. J; Y. Simpson occupied the Chair. The Choir having sung " Scatter seeds of kind* neo" and the Band played " Cheer, boys, cheer,1' The rev, Chairman rose and said that before calling on Mr. Burnett to deliver his lecture he desired to mv something about that gentleman and hit work that the lecturer had not told them and perhaps would not tell them. lie bad been at this work of social reform for SOy-ears, bat his primary work waa tha' of an evangelist. Throughout the whole of that liuu-, in Victoria as well as in Hon h Australia, ho had ulwaya de voted his Saturday nights, utter working hard the whole week, to tho holding "/ wo;king men's meltings, for the advocacy of ilia taiijiorancc causa and the elevation of thn hh»m. And not only had he given to that object tho energy of hU body, the strength of hia intellect, and tlit; enthusiasm of his nature, t.ul had i-.,u:iitieed well, ha would not say that, but freely given away a private fortune he in Mel bourne and other cttu-.i of Victoua that la; might.! carry on the work Ik: bail at Iuarf anuai^ tho lower grndoa of Ma.'uty. (Applaud ) ile thought all honor was duu to Mr Burnett {or such charity and a<;if-der.Ml ((-Ih;I ih.) Muif over, HiQ advocacy of tins te.injiHani:Q caufo had not been remunerative to him during the '20 years he hud laboured for it; ho had Bot looked for nor received from ih« temperance societies any recompense, ills ex penses in ribbons and cards and so on in connec tion with his movement came to r considerable item from year la year, besides his other ex penses, hut Mr, Burnett did not speak of these things himsolf because his heart was in his work Therefore, ho (the Chairman) would like the audience to know that Mr. Bnmott was only I receiving a bare *ubsi«tence from tho churches in which lie worked, and that hW temperance efforts were entirely apart from what he did in that way, lie thought they could not value too highly the visit of such a man. (Applause.) The enthusiasm aroused by hto visit no hoped Mr. Burnett would take as nn indication that if at some future time he returned for a prolonged campaign ho would receive o more cordial recep tion still. (Applause) Mr Burnett, who was received with repeated rounds of applause, naked the Choir to ring hymn99 in Mr. Sankey's book-"Thelifeboat" -which having been done, he commenced hie re* marks. He wished it to be distinctly understood ihat be did not pot himself forth as a profes sional or a paid lecturer, His estimate of lec tures WAS too high to permit bim to allow himself to appear among some men they knew in these colonic*; hut whatever the proceeds of these temperance addresses, 'they had always been given to philanthropic and religions objects. (Applause.) He then commented on the kind reception the people of Mount Gambler hod given him-he had received no warmer anywhere and mentioned that on Friday night before they left the hall 00 had voluntarily signed the pledge. That morning ho had had the pleasure of admin* iatering the pledge to nine who went to see him Sivately. These, with the 12 who signed on omlay afternoon and the 20 who signea at Port MacDonnel?, made a total of 181, a very good number during his (lying visit, (Applause.) Some family cards-the wnole family talcing the pledge-had been issued, Ife trusted that when they received their cards and badger they wonld not be afraid or ashamed to wear tbem. In Melbourne wealthy merchants, members of the Government, police officers, and others in bigb places, were not ashamed to wear them ; and the same* remark would apply to Adelaide and suburbs. The lecturer mentioned the interest ing circumstances attending the signing of Mr. Bastard, professor of swimming, Adelaide. Mr. Bastard was now about to issuean autobiography of himself, which would be one of the most re markable evir written. He was proud of his family card-for all his large family had signed -and no amount of money would buy Mr, Bastard's badge (Applause,) Now for bis " reminiscences " lie had labored for nine years in Victoria, during which time he had delivered between 4,000 and 5,000 addressee throughout the length and breadth of the land ; upwards of 30,000, as the fruit of Ms Saturday nigbt meet' ings for the masses, had up to that date volun tarily taken the pledge; many of theon had be come active workers in the cause of temperance and the common cause of Christianity; his voice, which at one time was said to be the clearest and strongest voice in tho colony, became over-strained; his general health, too, broke down ; and physically and mentally he was a complete wreck-a mere ghost and shadow of his former self. His medi cal advisers tlieq recommended a long voyage to England, during which time he would have en forced rest. In April, 1872, he bade farewell to his family and friends, many of whom did not expect to see him any more, and sailed in one of Money Wigram's line of sailing ships for Hnglaud. Mr. Burnett related in an exceedingly interesting manner some of the more noteworthy incidents of the voyage, and how he nnietlv hut successfully inculcated the principles of (em* | ncrance on ship board ; and graphically described hU feeling* on hi# arnval in London-the con* Bcioaanesa that he was once more in dear old England and that ihortly he would visit the home of hit childhood, youth, and early manhood. Whilst in London he determined that if possible he would tee all be conid of the lions of that city of cities, with it* population of four millions, its underground railway*, it* ancient buildings, its busy eyer inarming mart of commerce, and all its material and wtelleclnal wealth, political power, and philanthropic and religious asaocia tions. His visit to St. Paul's Cathedral; the gram of Nelson and Wellington ; and the grand anniversary celebration of the National Temper ance League in the Crystal Palace, when 70,000 were present from all parts of the United King, dora; the public apprarance in London of the Prince of Walea after his almost miraculous recovery from illness, when 80,000 were present, and the mort exuberant manifestations of loyalty wen exhibited; the South Kensicgton Museum; the Albert memorials {the Royal Albert Hall, where morn tog concerts were gives by the greatest of living artists | his meeting with Phillip Phillips, the great American sacrtd composer, and Mr. Moody, the celebrated erapgeUrt} aadbil bearing the timed Jubilee Singers, the children of liber* Med American slaves, were succesaively ret 'erred to, Mr, Burnett here sang "John Brown" aa it was rendered by the Jubiloa Singers, the audience lustily joining in the chorus. After leaving London he mode hii way direct to the dear old county that to him vu th« dearest of places- Yorkshire. HtTrimrrly and affectionately described hte meeting with mi only brother and &ye; sisters end other old, friends, and the many changes that had occurred since he lefr hi* birthplace ; and then proceeded to .tate that hating given hi* friendsia4nstraUa to understand be would gladly cotttey to their friends any message they might desire he received tonuny ihn he would have to vHit! seventeen coumiea Bngl«n.| alone to deliver the® | Hwtng visited a number of families in York, shire be went to York, the ooutUtuenoy of th« peat philanthropist WMiiara Wilberforce. and iMueeUd its Snicresttng buildings | theses to Nottingham, passing on the way splendid «nd the birthplace of the poet Henry Ktrke \\\ hji^ ^ t^l8p# ^ honour of en introduction to the venerable Dr, John uiginbotham, of Nottingham, one of the noblest labourers in tht cause of temperance and social reform. Then he went to Matlock in Derby< shire, seeihg the famed Peaks of Perthshire, fiaMing on the way Htwsttad, fojr a long time the home of the gyfted w»t Lord Byron the residence of that no»>le philanthropic womaa Florence Nightingale j and tutted Mr.Smadtey, the eatabliiher of the famed hydropathic baths, and a total abstainer from intoxicating drinks, who received him very kindly Hating minutely described these establishment^ the lecturer mentioned hi* arrival a* Ilirminaham and his virittn thii phapel there where the late gifted John Angel James commcoceU his ruuiiitry. ilia visir to OIonpMt*r whrreha in*p«cted the well-known Bell's Inn ; the plae$ where Itohert Kaikea, the founder of Sunday school *m buried j the cathedral, where Bishop Hooper died a martyr ; and the home of tie rpowned Paget family, was next referred to.^ fl* then went to Bristol) whero he ww the celebrated Oeorgo Mueller: then to Plymouth, and stood on the very roek where Oharlea Wfslfy stood when " he composed those verses commencing-^ . " Lo, tin lhi» nwTow neck of land I stand socuro, jtasenttble," He' afterwards travelled Cornwall, and In Mr rating this part of hit lour ho pleasingly referred to the rtraarkahle pmonagw associated with tb# plnt-e, and patd a high tiibure lo the moral, reli gions, and illustrious clmraorer of the Cornish people, ile then wrut across Wales and ihcuce to Ireland, landing at Belfast, A number of towni iii Ulster thai he viaikd ware referred to, aud the remarkably benefiti&l; effects of tempsc ance on soma of them rpeefally noted. Refora be left Ireland he thought of the grc-i^ mfcii who had played so great a part in it* ohcckiit l his tory in the past-Daniel O'CferiTidl ik-r.ry Curran, and Whiteside ; Dr. Adam tlmki., tha great commentator ; Futhsr Mauhtw, T>Siy lir.'k the pledge in 1898 through the {«i;s.i&sU-a; power* of Billy Miirtin, tin- i.i.iy J;mj ..;ain;a advocate, and who left ei;-ut. ai COUVcuts lo tomperoncc hu>s ;t r.Wtu that would he imperishable in th<> in : , or Sha world. Ho then passed o*v." lo bwtltatid. In describing hia toar through thh, <uuany ha referred to Edinburgh, with it.5 h.ny iiuiliiiu^ri, it* charming »ceuury, hi sJoiu*. ii-T,^u'U.uUn'l4 5 where martyr* for the trail/;; £,-,lut I..u« shed their blood; where John Ki*»x, the great reformer, lived and died ; wii.rs weia thagrnfi.* of Chalmers, Hugh Miller, I)r. TiiOiup«ui, and Thomas Guthrie : and where lif.hlo moutu to Uol,ert Burnt and Walter ihtii he Wuiii aciOM to the cuunty of iiiiu.2, nad afterward! to that of Sir Waiter k»U i tm-.u to Htirling and Dundee, wljtro lioin-i 1 Muuay MneClu'jne preached and ijUi ir-i. ' lit; turer dwtilt upon tha maguirii < i t> o Bcciiivy of Kemhwd, ami said that an ii< t l > it ho thought of till! IJlrll wh'J il.i'l t,i.;l:_l.lri:d iiiilli there to Awicru;-* and ih<-; . tn;d Now Zonlnnd, who l>y tluir o>vii a*l:iiu>u* ind ki 4 tlu'ir way until they hud hr,< »inf: the /oii ritsj.-i. jm-a of the political, iiitr.iii:, tuiii, and it-liyuUi,!, u-j woii II* tllli lUld l.ulittiltn'.i.jl will hi \ ut'd ha tiiAUliCid t'loii for 'hi; ( ii.nn iii:> t5.il!, win! nuidd up tilt) lucji Hii.l 111ii; 11 tii.ii iUt.4 in thu " land r>f tit<. ni'iiiiihiiii .-i.il ih.i ii... jdause.) Af!. r asi a!.-..u( <: v.r ir/u irj ruiiin.r.d to Vi>.tt>ri * u iHi k ii.-.i/t..i In-Hi; And hln:nj;th, 11» Villi!'." iil rh'" i.'t jijiih aiilhropy .tinl our r.(>iiisu^u ilo Inld I ,l j <i In ft I J- . ..-1 ? .'.diii;,; , t># 1*) ; tint \tt 1*^ lis ih.lt .1 -j-.- ^ < i .. 1 I) . i ? : I . i n'i'ii .. It'i'r Addrc.-.-t is v.-y. ..i ui V i'-t. i nii-i r;.-.ui!i riu/.iT jli.'s, lu l*i Lfii'J.iilt j li-_: , :, - i h^ltr-;k;;4 lljllul hi.:*1 Ha (bt'i v.'.i . . . l. j' i - inr'U'-i h. -*..? ctii iVud belie?t'd that ill thfid r.-Ju;,;.-.., i.Jid-.,' her h,.;ii.ni RWKJ, W(s luyiiij; iiii; ji.'Uit;S'.iUi/.i <<l Ki' i'n and pOWui'fiii ^COjihj. ii»: ^ would t.a united in 1/liiJ I fit tit J difttant day. .t elusion, mei)ti(nn.-d liiat. liming hi.-. »i it So l.u.; land he met Mr. Hanuuil i*iicni.«:l, tin. » friend ; Dr. Morley l'uiuhon, ths fit i-.-t iii- i;,.. ? and Mr, C, II. fipurgfton. Ho thra . -i-i H«s.b if at any future time God pcnuiurii hitu u>tr,i,uu to Mount Qamhier-and us tiii=y had to ii- d him ao well they might rsst assured it. *,.uld (-iva him pleasure to return-he would stay and do anything in hi» j>owei to elevate, noble, and raiie the people of this and otlicu towna frt the goath-Ea«t. (Loud cheera.) Mr, 8, T, Webb, in very culogiatie terms, proposed ft vote of thanks to Mr, ilnrnfilt. He hoped God might spare him many yeara to work for Him* Mr. A, K. Varley seconded, and referred to Mr, Burnett's worth a* a companion ia the home circle, If families would but follow the kindly advice he gave fhom they would bt go |h« fair way to religions nod temporal distinction, 5 Vote* of thanks were also cordially passed to the eboir and band. Mr. Burnett Acknowledged the vote, an<l men tioned that alter a few days' stay in M eiboarne be ? would return on Tuesday nuxt to resume his wor(c in the North, He proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman, which was accorded withftpplause. At Mr. Burnett's invitation those deilrous of signing the pledge advanced and did so, amid the strains of mnsio and the cheers of the audience, Forty-nine persons signed, making the total who took the pledge during Mr. Burfi.ett's visit (including Port MacDoimeM, 180, those who signed were invested wiih the red ribbon of temperance by Mr. Bqructt himself. The proceedings closed At about 11 o'clock - with the National Anther, 