©qiwral JnielliDCjue. Tub wires for lighting New York city by elec tricity will be laid under the pavements. Instead of a simple wire a cable about half an inch in diameter. These will be laid beneath the side- ...11... rP!..v .-><> iti nrefraul IC « In.'wl/utl tllKra >> Ct I (V O. A III? lUtilli U1 V.1SV/ J W » » « iuwv 'Containing a single insulated wire, while the branches, one of which will be carried into each house that employs the light consists of a tliree- eightiis of an inch cable made up of seven 6inall wires, each insulated. These are distributed through the house to the lamps, so that each separate light can be used at pleasure. The metre is in the cellar, and householders pay for their electricity as they are supposed to pay for their gas, according to the quantity need. The story of the mutiny of the Bounty, which (saj's the European Mail) has almost begun to \ withdraw itself within the charmed circle of ro- mance, has had a fresh touch of reality given to by a visit to England of a direct descendant of one of the leading mutineers. Russel M'Coy, a veritable Pitcairn islander, is now to be 6eeu at the Royal Acquariura, Westminster. He is evieenliv a worthy descendant of the founders of the settlement, even in respect of the honest multiplicity of his family ties. Representing sis ho does in his own family more than a tenth part of the present population of tiie island, he has little to fear from an interchange of compli ments with his enemies in the gate. There will, however, be nothing but friendly welcome for this English. South Sea islander who comes guarded by the most ineffective talisman of his wife's wedding ring, to wonder at the common places of modern civilisation. Nor will there be wanting those who will envy him his return to the quietude of that spot in mid-ocean where telegrams and newspapers are as yet unknown, and where fashions do not, though itmay_be only through pure force of circumstances, change with every moon. The revised version of the New Testament, states the Pall Mall Budget , ' was issuedhy the Cambridge and Oxford University Presses jointly on Tuesday, May 17, The Queen re ceived on the same day, prior to publication, a copy from the Archbishop of Canterbury, as re presenting the Committee of Revision," The Home Newt remarks : — "The revised version of the New Testament, which has occupied the Committee of Divines appointed to accomplish it 11 years of incessant labour, has just been pub lished, and the verdict upon it is by nomeans one of universal or even general approval. Some changes for the better there are, but with few flit rinminanf. amrif nf ihpsfi — - r o — is for too exclusively that of a merely verbal criticism, which rather mutilates than amends the veneral le L xt. The 1 Lords Prayer' is iner- lessly tampered with, no adequate advantage, or indeed advantage of anj' kind, being gained. St. Paul's panegyric of 'charity'is hopelessly spoiled by the substitution of the word ' love,' The corrections equally lack discrimination and con sistency, and it is certain that if the new ver sion is ever to be generally used it must be severely re-revised." MB. Reid's move to the Opposition corner is the only noticeable change of position on the part of any member of the Assembly as yet. Vanity Fair hears of a very curious dream in connection with the Two Thousand Guineas, which quite puts into the shade Lord Vivian's vision of seven years ago. A member of the St. Leonard's Club, who knows nothing about racing, dreamt that he was iu a stable with a groom, who pointed out a horse to him and said — " That is Peregrine, the winner of the Two Thousand Guineas and Derby." The gentleman in question told bis dream to a friend tbe next day, and tbe friend, who knew a little more about racing, said, " Wby, there is no such horse entered." They referred to the 'Caleudar,' however, aud found there was such a horse, though at that time he had no place in the betting. The carious point in regard to this dream is, that the dreamer bad not been harping upon the race or thiuking upon the horses en gaged in it, and that he dreamt of a horse whose name be had never heard. A novel compliment was paid to General Ord at a banquet recently given to him in Mexico. There was placed on the table in front of the guest of the evening a confection, described on the menu as " La Boele du monde enchantee." This globe represented the principal countries of tbe world, especial prominence being given to the geographical relations of Mexico and the United States. At tbe close of the banquet General Ord was requested to break tbe crust of the globe. ff« did so, and to his perfect as tonishment a number of tropical birds flew out and disappeared among tbe trees outside the summer house, where they began to sing de lightfully. Mb. F. T. Motf, of Birstol Hall, Leicester, writes : — "A gentleman recentty returned from Australia believes that the arid plain which occu pies the centre of that island-contiucnt might be "amply supplied with water and converted into rich farm land by a very simple process. He founds his belief upon observed facts in tbe three sciences of botany, physiography, and geology, thus: — 1. Gum trees and the mallee scrub flourish there. The gum trees grow to a great size, ami withstand the drought of many summers. They must have water ; whence do they obtain it ? 2, Rivers which flow towards the centre from the mountain ranges along the coast have no apparent outlet into the sea, but are lost in the desert. What becomes of them ? 3\. The underlying rock of the central plain is an almost horizontal bed of tertiary sandstone. Tbe conclusion is that the sandstone is saturated with water, and forms an immense reservoir from which existing trees draw their supplies by deep tap roots, and that by sinking wells in the desert this water could easily be reached. The author of this theory, wishing to confer only a public benefit, desires to bring it under the notice of scientific men, that it may either be turned to account or shown to be erroneous. If there is even a remote possibility of its truth it would seem worth while for one or more of tbe colonial Governments to have borings made in order to test it." Ill- natured people (remarks Public Opinion .) say that a favourite toast among lawyers is, " To him who makes his own will.' It is easy to understand that a non-lawyer trying to draw a will may succeed iu making work for lawyers, but one would expect a judge or a lawyer of anv branch or claSB to know his own business well enough to enable him to frame a will that shall not need a Court to explain it. It may be a consolation to those who are not lawyers to know that judges and other lawyers of eminence csd, and do, make wills that are unintelligible legally, if not in any other sense. The late Raton Bleasby is now added to tbe list. He (the Baron) left a large personal estate, includ ing numerous investments in public companies. By his will lie gave his trustees power to retain "securities," and in tbe opinion of the plaintiff s counsel this does not extend to the shares in the public companies. The Vice- Chancellor (Hall ) concurred in this view of the law, and made an order for the administration of the estate by the Court. There is a delicate touch of satire in the law which says that shares in public companies are not " securities' — and the interesting question is once more raised, " What are securities" in the eye of tlie law ? and, if they are not yet defined, would it not be of great use to get the question answered authori tatively V The ghost (says the Manero Mercury) which played havoc with the visitors to Hugundra some time back has got an unexpected ally in a rosy cheeked damsel of some fifty summers. A Jiudabyne lass named Maria Hannah had a look at the haunted domicile, and whilst taking a walk outside at night she encountered a lady acting the ghost and recognised the form. The ghost mysteriously beckoned Maria Hannah to re-enter tho house, and no sooner did she do so than mysterious raps were heard from the roof and all parts of the house. A Welchinnn who slept on the haunted bed which is credited with the power of throwing its occupants on the floor, took the precaution of putting his hand under the mattress, and he slept undisturbed. . We are afraid some mischievous sprite is trj ing to affright Mr. Robinson and his family. A London armonrer is havinar great success witli the discovery he has made of a coat im pervious to the bullet of a revolver fired at ten paces. The coat bears uo evidence of its pur pose, and is in form and texture nothing more than a common shooting-jacket. Outwardly lies the Scotch tweed, then a thin wadding of cotton, next a layer of narrow, thin bands of tempered steel, kept in place much us whale bone if put into -corsets, only tbe'steel bands are very close together, being sewn into the canvas, and with only a line of stitching between each pieced Three layers of these steel bands sewn into canvas complete the armour of the coat. Another piece of wadding is placed between the. bands and the finul lining, and that is all. The steel bands are supple, and not long, so that the coat bangs in a natural manner, an 1 would never attract notice. It is somewhat heavy, but tho weight falls principally upon the shoulders. The jackets are sold at about £25. The following amusing paragraph is from the Braidwood Despatch : — The ordinary bear of Australia is 'a very different creature frotn his namesake of the American Continent. To the Red Indians the " grizzly " of the Rocky Moun tains is the most formidable of wild animals ; while to the blacks of this Continent this harmless denizen of the forest is the most inoffensive creature that can be found.- A wild black was known before now to actually refrain from kill ing a bear on account of its cries resembling those of a child, the dark savage turned from the poor brute saying, "Boor fellow, inassa, too much like it picaninny." A white man residing not a thousand miles from Nerriga, whose feel ings were of a sterner sort, had lately a some what amusing adventure with one of these ani mals. Requiring some wood for home con sumption the nun put a young, hut somewhat flighty horse in the shafts of his drat", and had piled up a considerable amount of winter fuel, when lie encountered a native bear. With that love of knocking something on tbe head which is the characteristic of natives of tbe Emerald Isle, he gave the hairy brute tlie or thodox " wliacir," and having thrown the life less body on the dray he wended homewards. Now it appears the head of the bear was as thick as that of his opponent, and in a very short time the animal, recovering from the stun it received, proceeded to investigate the siiuuiiun. no was accusiuuieu iu umuu uij and green but its moving and jolting was a new and apparently unpleasant experieme ; after a series of tenative experiments he proceeded to creep down. The back of the horse smooth and round as that of its accustomed Eucalyp tus, offered an irresistahle attraction to Bruin and he speedly effected a safe and pleasant lodg ment thereon, taking firm possession with his claws. The horse, which like John Gilpin's, s-y "handled iu that sort r. (/ Had uever beeu before. jjy What '.hing upon his back bad got jf. yj Did wonder more and more," and proceeded to try in its turn to inflate another series of experiments to obtain an explanation. These consisted of an entirely original sequence of kicks, plungings, aud buckjumpings, conclud ing with a very determined bolt, in the course of which the dray and its contents were scattered over several square miles of hills and rocks. The whole was accompanied by such an extraordin ary Amount of forcible, not to say profane lan guage, on the part of the author of the mischief as would have driven a whole shipload of Quak ers completely mad, had they been within hear ing. During the next day or two the bearkiller was busily employed in picking up the remains of the dray and harness, the wheels and axle being the only part that held together, aud now remains "a sadder but wiser man." The occurrence of the death of a young man whose name is unknown, under mysterious circumstances, was (says the Argus) reported at the Emerald hill police-station on Sunday. From the facts gathered by the police it would appear that the deceased called at the Yarra Bank Hotel on Saturday evening, abont 7 o'clock, where he had a glass of beer, and in the course of conversation expressed his disappointment at' not having met some one with whom he said he had an appointment. He then left, and, so far as at present known, he was not seen again until about 2 o'clock on Sunday morning, when a lodger in the Yarra Bank Hotel, going into his room, found the deceased tying on the floor, breathing heavily, as if from the effects of drink. Leaving him there, the lodger took another room. Awaking about half-past 7, he looked into his room to see if deceased was still there. Dis covering that he was so, and apparently in the same condition as when first seen by hiir, the lodger left him, and detailed the circumstances to some other of the inmates. About half- past 9 tbe landlord went to arouse the deceased, when lie discovered him to be dead. The police were immediately communicated with and medical assistance obtained, Life being pronounced extinct, the bodv was removed to the Melbourne morgue to await identification and an inquest. No mark6 of violence were apparent on the body. The deceased, who was of respectable appearance, had frequently called at the hotel, but his name or connections are unknown. He is described as being apparently 26 or 28 years of age, height about 5 feet 7 inches or 5 feet 8 inches, fair com plexion, light brown hair, light brown whiskers, and long oval face; white striped tweed trousers, black boxer hat, low shoes, white shirt, :.nd black necktie. " The tea plant," says Miss Isabella Bird, in her " Unbeaten Tracks in Japan," " with its cream-white blosoms and faint fragrance, is a pretty feature in the landscape. It is allowed to grow into broad bushes from three to four feet high, and its rich dark green masses contrast well with the reddish soil. Tea now grows all over Japan, except in Yezo, the northern island, and is largely exported to America. The water U6ed for lea-making must not boil, and must rest barely a minute on the leaves, or tlie result will ue uiuer ami ore imtmion is ox a pale straw colour, delicious, ibe Jaj anese re gard our habit of drinking a dark rank infusion of tea out of big cups, mingled with milk and sugar, as an indication of coarse halits." Commenting upon the present epidemic of small-pox in London, the Timet says that the " one practical lesson to be learnt from the dismal business is the importance of vaccination and of re-vaccination. Early in the present epidemic, small-pox showed itself in a locality in which the families of one of the regiments of household troops were constantly moving about. After conference with the commanding officer, the surgeon to the regiment vaccinated \- all the wives and children of the men ; and the result has been that there has not been a single case of sinall-pox either among the soldiers or iu their families. In like manner, the nurses at the small-pox hospitals are all re-vaccinated before they enter upon their duties, and they all escape the contagion. As a contrast to these facts eight unvaccinated children from one family, ranging in their age from fifteen years to two, were admitted a week or two since into one of the hospitals, all with small-pox, and at least one of them has died. The parents of these eight children were people who resisted vaccination by every devio in their power, and had resisted it successfully. The result of their ' disobedience to tbe law is that some of there children perish miserably, and that all become sources of danger to the rost of the com munity." Mr. Slattery proposes to extinguish the Sydney. Corporation. AN officer of the detached squadron basal- ready carried off a matrimonial prize at Mel bourne. The lady goes to $nglaud to be married to him. 