Railway Meeting at Mudgeeraba. [FROM A CORRESPONDENT A meeting of residents of Mudgeeraba was held on Saturday evening, 28th instant. The attend- ance, which was good, comprised the leading landholders of the district. Mr. S. Tobin, who was voted to the chair, read the advertisement convening the meeting, and said he was pleased to see the district so well represented in the meeting. He trusted that with the help of the initiators of the movement they would be able soon to congratulate them- selves on a successful issue. Mr. E. R. Starkey moved the following resolu- tion :-" That this meeting recognises the abso- lute necessity which exists for direct railway communication with Brisbane, and is fully con- vinced that a line of railway from the metropolis to the Tweed would be a powerful means of de- veloping the undoubted resources of this dis- trict." He said various meetings had been held throughout the Logan district and at the Tweed, but in no place was there a stronger claim than at Mudgeeraba. If a railway now existed there would be ten times the number of residents pre- sent at a public meeting in this locality. They had a very rich country that would carry a large population ; their climate was warm, and both for grazing and agricultural pursuits success was impossible until a railway traversed the district. At present they had too far to draw produce, and the time lost in conveyance to navigation was seriously detrimental to profitable culture. There were nine miles of rich scrub lands to be opened. He was in favour of a Government railway, for he did not believe a company would succeed, and if it did, a company railway would ultimately become a burden to the country, aud monopolies are injurious. If they worked heartily, after a hard struggle they would succeed. Mr. I. Andrews briefly seconded the resolution, which was put to the meeting and carried unani- mously. Mr. Francis M'Intyre moved,-" That Messrs. W. Stephens, F. M'Intyre, I. Andrews, W. Schemish, W. Laver, J. H. Frederick, J. Cockerill, J. G. Anderson, and J. O'Connell be appointed a committee to carry out the objects of the fore- going resolution." He hoped this movement would have some effect, it would be a great boon to Mudgeeraba, as with a railway they would be able to get their produce away speedily, and get ready sale. Now bacon laid upon the Boo- bigan wharf from a week to a fortnight, often incurring great loss. Dairy farming would be en- couraged. There were thousands of acres of land to be opened up, and the Government land would eo largely increased in value. Mudgeeraba never would be a district until they had the rail- way, but then they would have sugar-mills and saw-mills and prosperity. Mr. W.Schemish seconded the resolution, which was unanimously carried. Mr. F. Fowler considered that every resident of the district ought to offer a free gift of the land needed for a railway. He would guarantee to do this. Thereupon Messrs. M'Intyre, S. Andrews, I. Andrews, W. Andrews, W. Laver, and S. Tobin severally pledged themselves to act similarly ; and it was stated that all the alienated land from Mudgeeraba to the border, with the exception of Mr. Gray's, was included in these promises. Mr. M'Intyre introduced the matter of the main road to the border. This was in "an awful bad way," and they were entitled to Government aid for this road. Mr. S. Andrews, as a member of the Nerang Divisional Board, said that a petition from the board was being prepared for presentation to the Government by Mr. M'Lean, asking for a special grant of £3000 for the border and Tweed road. The chairman said they had not forgotten the promise of the Government upon the introduc- tion of the Divisional Boards Bill. Without that promisw the bill would never have been accepted. The present Act was stolen upon us- the country had been imposed upon. The Nerang Divisional Board could not undertake this road, for if they spent what was required they would not have a penny for any other road for three years. The committee met and appointed Mr. Schemish corresponding secretary, and arranged for united action with the other committees in the Logan district. The general public know, of course, little of the real trials of newspapermen. In such a com- munity as this, especially during the silly season, when Parliament is not sitting, they are severer than the heedless skimmer of newspapers ima- gines. Here is a glimpse behind the scenes of the sort of harrowing disappointment that makes us Pressmen grow prematurely white. One night this week, when news was particularly scarce, and our sub-editor was going about with his thumbs tucked behind his braces in a state of leaden-eyed despair, growling at the hard fate that had driven him to sub- edit a newspaper in a country where- even a promising railway accident was sure to be frus- trated by somebody's over-officiousness, an indi vidual in a state of some excitement came into the office. Kinglake has told how a Times editor on duty keeps a number of "crouching tigers" awaiting his signal to spring upon any sub- ject he may indicate. But these London tigers are gorged and sated with news, and cannot therefore be expected to approach in ferocity the Brisbane starveling of the same species, ravening for the barest morsels of in- telligence. Six of these latter emaciated animals, with quills erect, prepared to spring upon the new comer who had quite obviously brought the tidings of some deed of horror. But the sub- editor, not to be balked of his prey on such a night of starvation, pounced upon the visitor aud carried him off to his den. The door was open. In the reporters' room a death-like silence reigned. "Then in a voice monotonous and hollow as a ghost's " the strange man told his tale. There had been a curious accident at Gatton. Police-constable Arrell was engaged in grooming his horse, which, fastened by a halter, had become restless, and rearing suddenly over had broken his neck. Death had been instantaneous. "Dear me, very dreadful-very, very dreadful !" said our sub- editor, rubbing his hands in a manner there was no mistaking as he bowed his informant downstairs. "Many thanks, sir, for these sad details ; good-night. In the midst of life we are in death. Good-night, my dear sir." Then a great sigh of satisfied relief went up from the reporters' room, aud it was felt that constablo Arrell had com- mitted a noble act of self-sacrifice in rescuing the morning's paper from utter dullness by breaking his neck. In spite of the decorous gravity of our sub-editor's face, a certain buoyancy of gait which had replaced the former desponding list- lessuess, told us who knew him of the elation of his soul. Suddenly he remembered that we had no particulars of the deceased, and a reporter was despatched, who caught the inform- ant within fifty yards of the office door. "Had the poor creature any youngsters ?" asked the breathless reporter. "Youngsters?" repeated tho other ; " I can't say, but I think he was a gelding." " A-I beg your pardon ?" " Anyhow he was a chestnut, I know that much." " You mistake me," commenced the reporter, " I mean tho poor man who broke his neck-Con- stable Arrell, you know." Then there was a loud about of laughter, which, penetrating the window of tho reporters' room, fell somehow like a chill upon everybody. It was only the horse after all, and no one dared go near the editor's den for the rest of tho night- Endymion. " Suet dat do', Sam." " Why, it oiu't cold, marm." " Golly, you shot dat do', you brat ; ob course it ain't cpld, it'B me dal's cold. Tick I caro weddcr do ' '?> «old or not !" . 