THE TOWN HALL QUESTION. According to the decision of the Town Council at their last meeting the Mayor convened n meet ing of ratepayer* Tor Thursday evening in the Institute Hall for the purpose of " considering the question re Town Hall Chambers." In order to prevent any but ratepayers entering, so that thq decision of the meeting might he the voice of the town, the Town Clerk and Inspector were posted at the door to see who presented themselves for admission and a police constable was also stationed there to prevent any intruder endea*ouring to force his way in, At 8 o'clock there were not more than 50 in tho hall, hut the numbers afterwards increased to about 850. The Mayor (Mr. R Anderson) presided, and all the members of the Town Council occupied seats on the platform. The Mayor having read the advertisement hy which the meeting was convened, said he thought a littlo explanation was necessary in order to clear the Council of the statements which had been mado, both at a public meeting and by letters in the paners, all tending to cast, odium on the Council. And ho mifrht say at the outset that if any of tho speakers at the last public meeting should be paid back in their own coin he hoped they would tako it nil in good part. (Ironical cheers ) It was not, however, the intention of tho Council to do anything of the sort-it was not their intention to say anything or do anything that would cause discord among the ratepayers ; but he thought it WAS the place of the Council to stand on their own ground and defend tlicmsel«es so far «a they Imd right on their lido, (Applausa.) Now he would first introduce to their notice the fact that there was a memorial presented to the Council about the 17th of February requesting the Council not to proceed with tha erection of the Town Hall Chambers, (Applause.) lie would read it ; *' To Robert Anderson. Esq., Mayor, " We tho undersigned ratepayer* of the Town of Mount Gambler respectfully request Yonr Worship to will a pnlillo meeting u« w.nMilur tbo mlvUabillly of not proceeding' with the erection of tliu propf<«$dT«iwn Hull, m there apiwnrs to be » strong foellng tlitl tha money required for Hut pursue may be more judi ciously expended," " That tho money required forthatpurpose may be more judiciously expended." That was the point the Council took into consideration No doubt tho mooting would remember that during !a-t winter a public meeting WHS called in the , t'cuneil Chamber n questing the ratepayers to empower tho Council to borrow money to ron i struct a more sightly and compnodioua bnilding i limn now cxistfd, And no doubt tiny would re« mi rnber thu difTeiem propositions mnde. How i vrr, it was rrgol'cd that a poll should be held A poll nns taken and the mult of it was 118 of a mnjoiity i f votea The money WHS borrowed for tbo express purpose of erecting the town hn|l chamber*, and how could they in the face of (hat vote allow 32 ratepayers to induce the Council to torn thai money into another channel ? First of all ihcy should have to call a publio meeting to do so, and Ihcy thought that it would only be wasting time to do anything of the sort, and, therefore, they refund in call a public meeting, and said the ratepayers could call one tin mselves. It was done, and he had no doubt they bad all read the result, He did not intend to go into that. Ho might state ihat all the Council had done was done in a legitim >to form according to the old Act. The new Ai t was not in operation when the poll was taken and the public meeting held. He had no doubt that they would alj agieo tlmt belter Cimnril Chambers were required for the Town Council to meet in. (Hear, hear.) He was certain no one of them who had been meeting in that building for the last 10 or 11 years but would go in heartily for a better room. And so did they, itut supposing that they were tocanyout the idea that was proposed at a public meeting held, which was to go in for building a Council Cham ber only, and borrow £1000 for it, as a chamber could not be erected for less, they would have to take it out of the ratea and they would not have a shilling of incomo. A thousand pounds at fi per cent, was £60 a year, and there would be tho bonds to bo redeemed on the same 1 rinciplo as was proposed in the case of the money now borrowed. If redeemed at the rate of say £50 a year, that would be £110 out of the rates yearly. ("Question.") He could see no other way of meeting that than by putting on a special rate to cover those expenses. The Council, therefore, came to the conclusion that it would be better to do something more and make a reproductive work of it. It was laid before the ratepayers-tho amount of £3,/fi0 which it was proposed to borrow was alao laid before them, and by the poll it was settled that that the money should be borrowed. It was borrowed and on the 1st of next May would tie placed in the bank to the credit of the Council. Ho thought they wouid sec that this work would be a reproductive one when lie informed them of tho ways and means They would ?ay, for instance, there would be six offices attached to let, and supposing that two wire to stand empty during the wholo period of the SO years, there would still bo sufficient to pay the whole interest on the money and leave a balance to the good. Now, he had no doubt they would see thero was no fear of two of the ollices standing idle during the whole of the 30 years ; but even if there was there would still be a good balance. Then they must remember that a#years went on the interest would be Irs? and the profit to the ratepayers greater, although at tha first there might be a little short. If they wished to hear it he could give them the basis upon which they had made their calculations both for interest and income; but he the right that if they took it in the rough they would *ee there would bt a sufficient amount derived to pny the interest anil leave a balance to the good. There was another m.itier that he did not nuh to lose sight of. Thai was this vexed matter of the guarantee. (Hear, hear.) He wanted to explain to them publkly his connect inn with that guarantee. (Applause.) It seemed to h« tuch a l one of contention that it required tu he ex plained in a meeting such as tni*. He was a par'y to that guarantee, and it was enteied into on the £tth of October iast When .Mr. Engel brecht came to him and asked him if he wonld be a fourth share in a guarantee of i:26u to secure the interest ou the money borrowed, he said he did not know; he had no intention of becoming a guarantor. He said he would not like to be a party to it. He asked what vat Mr. F.ngelbrecht's prosperous. He said-" We take the letting of the others and guarantee £200 to secure the interest." He (the Mayor) replied " Well, I don't know I will be out of office in ibout siz or seven weeks j when will the guar antee be w&cU;^} When would it be nectiiary to enter into this bond f" Mr Enfflbrceht cx plained. He (the Major) said, .' Well now, I'll tell you what I will Jo. To show I lie ratepayer* I lime no ftftr of the speculation, and thi.l it will be a surcess, I will be one to guarantee a'200 a year." At that time he had no intention of corning forward Again as Major of the town, ami thought he would be at liberty in six or semi weeks to enter into n guarantee like any oihcr ratepayer At the same time he did 1101 expect to inuko a shilling out of it, nor did he think of it in that light. (Applause.) Ho did so simply to show to the ratepayers that he was not nfrai 1 of Hie speculation. If they came to him he would go with them into facts and figures to show the hall would be a success. (Applause and ironical cheers.) They were there before them to make an explanation, aud he hoj>ed that so far as he had gone what he had said would be satisfactory to them. He had no intention of roakiug this a monetary speculation, but in entering into the guarantee he simply wished to .how the ratepayers that he was not afraid of what he had brought forward in the Council and brought so far to maturity. (Applause,) The Council deemed it necessary that the wish of the ratepayers empowering them to borrow £3,000 for the erection of the building should be carried out. They tried in different ways to get the money, They spufce to the hanks about it, and he thought it nossible it might have been arranged with one of them Bat there was the ques tion of intenst, and it took some lime to settle whether it could be got for fl per cent, or whether lhey would have to pay 7 percent. Just at the time a gentleman from Victoria came lo Mount Uarnbier, and learning from the local papers that this loan was wanted, he camo and offered it to iho Council; and what more could they desire ? It was offered at 6 per cent., free of commission and all other charges, and the loan was nego tiated there and then. (Applauso ) He thought the meetiug woulii exonerate the Council from blame seeing they had tbe authority of a large majority of the ratepayers to borrow the money -that they would exonerate them from biame, and especially when it was asked that this money should be diverted into another channel, (A voice-"Quito right," and applause.) That Meeting w«s principally called to answer any questions that plight be put to the Council with reference lo ary point uow before the meetiug. .Mr. J. WaUon asked would the Council put themselves into the hands of the meeting-were they disposed to accept the djetnm of the meet '"Slor wcre tl'ey pledged to a certain counti? Too Mayor-»We have come to answer ques tions that may be put. Mr. Watson-Some of the Councillors had suid they would act the part of schoolmasters to teach the ratepayers how to behave. (Laughter, and Cr. Ehret-'"You want a schoolmaster, some of you I") Did they take the position of school Mast ere that evening, or put themselves in the hands of the meeting P The Mayor-We will deal with that matter at a later period. (Uproar ) Mr. Watson insisted upon an answer. The Mayor-I will now call upon Mr. Wyatt. (Noise.) Hoveral ratepayers rose at once, and said they would insist upon an answer before anything more was done. ^rt Plark-His Worship said he was prepared to answer any questions that might be pat (Several voices-" And now he re/nses,*') Mr. Davison rose amid eheere, and The Mayor said-The Council do not place themselves in the hands of tfiii meeting, (Loud exnrogsiotuf of diisont.) Mr. Watson-Gentlemen, yon bear now that the Council will nQt place themselves in your Imnds (Applause and dissent.) The Mayor-No, we have came here for a speciflo purpose and intend to adhere to that mrpose, so far as we can, (Interruption.) We Imve como here for a specific purpose-that is. simply to answer questions that way be put to ns with reference to this question. (Shouts and ories of disapproval), Mr, Davison understood that jf the meeting earned a proposition that they are desirous of having a poll the Council would not abide by that? (Cr. Nicholas-"No; we have had a >oll, Cries of " Schoolmasters," on which Cr, bhret ro»e and shouted " Sppie of you want a schoolmaster ; that you do I" .Laughter.) Mr, Davison, at the risk of again recoiving per sonal insult and abuse from membors of tho Council, ventured to come forward before that meeting ; and if lie was abu«sd and members of tho Council declared he was interested or wanted ai schoolmaster ho thonght the meeting would protect him, He did not think they should be iiicUted to in this way by the Council. They set the ratepayers at defiance aud ho did not thiuk they should. (Hear, hear.) It might be necessary to go back to the lime when this matter was originated. The nutation of erecting this hall was token up about the month of qc. tober He did not know how it first commenced, but b« Had heard it was first mooted by Mr. fcngelbreclit. The Council then were pretty lukewarm abouf it. He believed, indeed, that all the Councillors, excopt j»rh*na Mr. Bhrrt, ^aido^n thaHhey-were *>ot in favor of the hall being erected. Hut souiehow or other Mr, Enge l;reeht prevailed upon f/iem to adopt it. (Cr Wyatt-"Nu,") He believed that was the vase, (Cr, Ehret-" Your opinion is not every body a./) Would tho .\iuyor protect him ?nm*t interference of this character P (Applauso ) Well, Mr, Engolbrecht wanted to beautify the town aii much as possible by t|.e erection of a wo . * I}:,vigon) 'h*1 1)01 want- to say Mr, Engelhrrclu did so from interested moiivea (laughter); he only wanted lo benntify the place. It wnt n singular coincidence, however, that, it wng understood tho hall was to he erected in the forner directly opposite his premise*, that they would he much enhanced in value thereby, nr"p wonld, therefore, t.enetit him j and it was also »rn« thai br w»* a veiy active party in promot ing tin- building of these chambers, How, then WHS it all done? They mint remember that it was n matter of great importance to ihe town ihis spending of £a000, ns it might mean a great lucreaso in the mtes. It might co*t £3000, bot bo rather believed it would cost .64000, (Hear, hear) Then lie wonld direct Attention lo ihe manner in which the poll was taken. Due notico should have be- n given of the holding of Ihe poll, '»ut instead of that being done, as in the case of ordinary meetings, instead of a couple of n^tico* in each paper being given, whot wu* done ? A notice appeared in one paper one day ami on the day following a poll was taken, Now, it was highly improper that they tfiould vote away £8000 of the ratepayers' money in this way with out their knowing anything about it. (Applause.) Ho himself happened to be away for a few days, and when he returnod, why the whole thing was done. That was a highly improper procedure, as proper notice of the poll should be gtyen, He had no doubt, too, thai Ihe Council well hunted up and brought to the poll those who voted for it, lint thoy should have had the truth beforo thern before thoy went to the poll, and there should have been nothing put forth by tho Corporation to induce the ratepayers to vote under a false impression. But there was in this race, and whoever was responsible for it it was highly disgraceful. (Applauso and dissent.) The Mayor the other day, in discussing the matter, endeavoured to throw it again on Mr. Engel brecht. The Mayor s,iid Mr. Engelhrecht srtg gesltd it to him,'and he seemed lo think it wos not quite right. He should have held to his .'pinion, but he did not do so. Mr. Kngelbrccht went and wrote out the notice stating that a guarantee had been entered inlo, and the Mayor allowed his name to be attached to it. There was not the slightest foundation in fact for the statement-not the slightest. The attempt that had been made by the Mayor and Council to eiplain that away was, to say the least, highly disgraceful. If the Mayor had said he was unilcr a wrong impression about ihot document Ihe ratepayers would have pardoned it j but in stead ot that he came forward and said there were pomn individual* who were ready to lake the hall when it was erected. No guaranleu was ever entered into, and one did not exist now. There never was any guarantee, but rate payers were injured to vole for tho Town Hall Chambers by niiMcpresentation Now, seeing lids, he thought the ratepayers who by requiti lion to the Mayor wanted tbe matter brought before the town were not unreasonable in their request. No doubt they had allowed the matter to go by a lung time. Hut the troth was Ihe facts of the case did not come out for a long time and all were not fully alive to it. They were apathetic, and besides there were not many that would under any circumstances like to come foiwaid in a matter of this kind. If one did so ho wai grossly abused, loid he did so from inter ested motives, and was generally treated in a most abusive way. By doing so one incurred odium timply, and that consideration prevented Hu m from doing it. They might therefore ex cuse tliuri! persons who diit not come out before. (Hear, bear i But even then they might not have troubled themselves about it if other facta had not cropped up. It seemed thnt instead of borrowing in tbe cheapest market an individual fame to Mount Gambier and the money was borrowed from him at d per cent, and instead tf borrowing it for 10 years it was borrowed for 30 yeurs. Noil.ing could excuse the Council in this respect j it was a loss io the ratepayers of £000 (Applause ) They heard what Mr Bo.te said at the meeiing the other night, that he offered to get the money at 5 per cent, lhat be (Mr. Davison) beiieveo to be a fact, I ut whether a fact or not they could have got it at 5 per rent, (A voice "Committion ") Commission was nothing; better j>ey £20 than £900, (Hear, hear; He was not sure as to the exact terms of the agree. hit *a^!Lnt t T?e(? ** 00 the previous day hut was denied. If n WM borrowed for 80 years at 6 nor cent there waa a clear loss of £30 a year by the high rate of interest, and that was a loss of £600 by this bungle. And aV if even that wna not sufficient, the agreement was drawn up nil m favor of Lansell and against the Coun cil Lansell, if he found he had made a mistake or could do better, could withdraw on payment of *50 to tho Council, but if the Council did sn thty would have to pay heavy damages I Anoiher fact also came before tho ratepayers since the poll. Tenders were called for the i-rertion of toe hail be/ore the Council had any land on which to erect U. It was understood that it was to be erected on the restrve, but he "id not think they would get a title to it. Those who were old residents would remember that tins matter wm disputed in 1860. (Cheer*) At that time be thought Mr. Derrington, who *1? 'el<^raph master, fenced it in and Messrs. Mitchell and Blaluiey broke down the fences and t,hrougl1 opinion of the late Chief Justice (Sir R. D. Hanson) WM taken on the point. He then advised that it was a reserve, and dedicated as a reserve, and no one had a right to put a building or fence on it, ( , h«*r.) The land around, he said, wm .old to persons on condition that it was to be a reserve, and if it were interfered with their vested rights would be injured. (Cheera ) That was the opinion of the late Chief Justice, He was aware the Government were rather in a fog over the matter at present, lie had a telegram ? H K«terday, Although Mr. Ehret said at his mietiiig the other night that they bad the title deed* at the Council Chamber (laughter and cheers) the matter WM still uncertain, and ihcy honed the reserve wonld never bo bnilt upon. He thought it waa their duty to prevent the rrserve being spoilt in the manner proposed. It had been planted with trees, and be hoped tho ratepayers would not allow it to be injured in anyway. (Applause.) Well, assuming it could not be ujod for building purpose*, the Council had called for tenders lor the erection of the I i.-i . ire-.tih!y ha? .ecnrttl the Ifood on which to bnih) it, and the coDseqaence was that if ft tender were accepted the contractor wpnld havo grounds for an aetion against the Council for not providing land to build upon. (Hear, hear ) When they taw these things they thought it was time to take some action-that it was tim« to move when this bungle waa suing on. They approached the Mayor respectfully and asked him to call a meeting but he refnied: and he fbought ilia Mayor bad presented the matter ba< fore them very unfairly to-night. (Hear, hear.) | Tho requisition waa aa follows - , tM^'W< ". ]}nfrp rose to ask » qqeition, but wm received with a storm of oriea to order etc. ' Mr. Davison read the words of the requisition, and continued-Now the Mayor had put it to them that they wanted the money expended in another way, That waa not the gist of it-ihe object they had in view WM to calf another meet ing to consider the matter. It wu put very unfairly before them tonight; the hut part of [ it waa simply assigning a reaaon for putting tho petition before them. He thought the meeting would admit this waa a very eivil request. (Applause.) It waa signed by 82 ratepayer*, and wm a very civil and respectful request. I £ ®era,) They simply asked for a meeting of ratepayer* that the matter might ha fairly die cussed, and what more reasonable request could Bbout HP One aaid it WM an Insult to'differ With them; another said it wM bunkum (laugh ter), and so on, Tina WM the eourtesy of the J ^1*1 ^,U4u 10 tbe ""WW* J and tliey ultimately said the ratepayer* could call a meet* US 21®wie'm they did f and the meet 1uiloau y ,»r?® oaf*-* larger one WM never held there-and let them nay what they I twii irw WUu gmt "wo'ber of ratepayer* Lfe, appointed « deputation (of »i . . 5. honor »o be one) to wait upon | the Mayor and Council. They did so, and put the resolution of the meeting before them. They I vW?:fli rcc.6i'ed with courtesy by the Mayor, but he had some difficulty in restraining some | unmannerly members of the Council (laughter) | from insulting them there, But the Mayor him pelIf behaved well to them, M did also some of the Councillors, but othere of them did not. ( IW, liear.) And ha thought the least persons who occupied a pnblio position as tliry did could do wa« to he civil nud courtoous to A deputation appointed by go large a meeting of ratepayers, (A vo ce-" IU want$ a job I") Yes, that waa ! remarkably witty, but it was not original-it was , l?k6n,f1ronJ ^'r courteous Town Councillor*. (Laughter) Then after the.deputation left the Chamber waa turned into a bear , garden apparently, from the reports. " He mi » i'6 report for two or three UlustratioM, It WM a suggestion of the depu tation that there should be a poll-a more rea enable request oould hardly I* made. They did not want their own way. they only warned I Hie thing to be pnt fairly before the ratepayer* F f« w^"8i wanted and ail tliey proved I to tho Conncii, (Hear, hear,) ijfter thoy left n6 !u°m' hnt^et6r' U '"mod Mr. Wyati said all the opposition were interested parties (Or, [ JHa?r'Ilcar">. »«lCr. W& agreed: | nndI they dared now to say they were | That was as false a stotament as ever waa made, and the Councillors knew it. (Cheera,) Or. ivft chard I remarked that if they examined those preient [ on the deputation thoy would Me they were all interested ; and bo the thing went on. In dis cussing the matter farther wliother they should havo a poll or not the major part of the Council were agreeable, The Mayor, too, agreed, bill lilL nnnn'v"'6'1!, ^ ^ h?n<,ffog ttlB Conncii HI wm,MPW0n had 8Jnnnd to > otherwise ha would prefer a aecond poll," That WM. the ratepayers should be granted a poll, but because they asked for it tney should not have it itoZi'ffl ?r8 UWt!1Uam*' Ebret- «>* Webb thought they should have a poll. They thought it only reasonable and fair j but they ultimately decided that they should have a meeting to-nigh^ ^ lint it wai to be held for it WM bard to fay oj the Mayor had just said that whether thefde" cided to have a poll or not the Council would take no notice. What was their action then i They agreed to have a meeting and Cr. Williams tail r "B,f° /°"woHf »nd «?fc the ratepayers to vote for the hall and beat the other side I" It might he right enough for them to canvass the ratepayers privately, but he did not think it WM quite the thing They should come to the meet ing and state their views and let those opposed o them reply. (Hear, hear.) It WM not for them to go to the ratepayera outside and say tlwt the hall would pay, and so forth : that was misleading the ratepayera to some extent, Thftn %. Ehret said «'it WM a schooImMler'a fluty toteach a child, and tho Council's duty to «hnwty« ratepayer! what was right." (Laughter) Fhe ratepayers were the children and Cr. Ehret the teacher, and the way he taught them was somewhat singular. (Loud laughter.) Why, a ittle while, ago he said he would bleed them, because he found,the more they were hl«d the better they liked it 1 (Laughter.) As he had said, the opposition only wanted the matter to be [nil S f, ,,e T,ePaye.r«' them go to a ij u !f fl maJ°nty decided that they should have it, let them have it by all means - hut if not, let the majority rule. (Cheer^ He was opposed to the ball, bni it was not for that n-nson on y he wanted a poll; he laid a majority should rule, n« would venture to stale why he was opposed to it. The town should ha careful and not go into any unnecessary taxation. It Wiut all very well to say the chamber! would pay, hut if they would why did those persons not enter into a guarantee f He thought he mioht venture » mj, on behalf d/ tlm. L wm the Unncil on this matter, that if five or six re spongible individuals would enter into a guar antee that the hall would pay, Bfid that not more than £3,000 would be spent upon it, they would agree to its going on (Ap plause,) Then all opposition would bo with drawn. But if they were frightened to give a guarantee then it was pretty clear it would not pay (JIear, hear.) There were too many ollires now in the town for tenant*. (Voice*_ A Jim' v ' ,nrJ"^ ir't0 8 ,,I0P th« other day. ) Yes, A proof that these town offices would not pay WM that these men would not enter into a proper guarantee that they would. I ersons competent to speak with authority said they would not be pur "p for £4,000; hut if they 8pond £3,0u0 on them, the town would, in thtrJn/°m,A J? nm' ,mre ,0 borrow another .U'? ratpP;jFra would have to nythflV-yeVn U,tcrrtt- n*y must look iLlvL / ^ ,wonId have water laid on fJ wS'0 d 'iav® to pay 2a. in tho J' T'f Jor ,fiat ^'ne and twopeuce in the LnM > r're«ent ordinary rate; and they d he S"re that before long they would have to pay one half of the cost of that hoapital. It was coming. ("No.") They did so now in Victoria, and they waald ultimately have to do so here. ("Criesof " No "and «. Yes." and applause) What did they want with ihi* hall't ( CJaa ) Surely it was unreasonable and un bnfineFslilre fnr the Council to pink out the very worst year ever Mount Oambier had to go into this matter and incur this great debt I If the Council were mad upon spending money thev might do it in a much better way than this u here were many other improvements The Mayor appealed to the s", ""?M ". like this. (Applause and dissent ) Mr» Dftviton would not kcco thsm viinr !K' 'L'!", Jfta should certainly do so, (Cries of .'Time" Sit down," and " Go ahead.") He took thi. «rjr mnth to hMrt. (Or. Ehret?" d! Poor fellow]r) H.i^wlorprolKtiM from the insult* of this man } the meeting s»f how be WAS insulted by this Councillor. (Inter' ruption end Mr, Mansell-"Tlie meeting don't wftut you any more.") Never bad he been to insulted and interrupted in any meeting as ho bad now been ; in such a rude unmannerly way by a Councillor, (Hear, bear,) Although at present Trry highly rntca by tne Council be hoped hi« prospects wero each that be would be able to pay the extra rate for this unnecessary building when it came. But he hoped he had some regard for the poor men in the town, those who were not BO well able to afford it as be, (Cheer*,) He did not like to aee the small rate payer* imposed on in any way, and he hoped tbey would see that tbey had not an extra irate put on them simply because the Town Council wanted a grand Town Ball and offices to sit in, (Cheer*) .. Hr- H. Williams said they bad letters from if» 90Wn,1®ent thai would be read that evening wnicb would show they could use the reserve for the building. They intended to sell the preient Council Chamber and ase its aitefprtne new building, (Applause.) A new building was very necessary, end they only panted ft respectable building instead of the present one, The guarantee was offered by gentlemen who had property of their own, (A voice-" Will they mortgage it to the ratepayers F') Three gentle, men iwera prepared to take offices tbemfelyea that would bring in £150 a-ycar, The water* works, when established, would want an office, So would the Freemasons and others. Where the Koad Board melnow was to be sold and then they would want to go somewhere, There was no fear of I he Corporation losing anything by it. The gentlemen who were prepared to take oiflees were Messrs. VautfWy, Ingfeby, and Moore, bull there were iwo or three others prepared to come forward and give iboip $<JO0 a-ysar' fo? $e offices; one of them was prepared to deposit tbo deeds of his property as security. (Cries of "Name.")There was no oecaaion togiveawries. Another thing-tbo Councillors were placed there to represent the town, and if they did not do right they had only themselves to blame. (A fojco - "It was a great mistake,"aid laughter,) What were they to dof (" Resign" j applause,) They most obey the wish of 8 majority, . Tya* opposition was a disgrace, (Applause iM/ uproar,) a Mr Paltridg# said it appeared to Wm tba Conncil were determined tohave this town haU regardless of consequences. Now ha thoujp they should be neutral in the matter insiifed of standing <mt in define of the town. (Hear, heal ) The ratepayer* only wanted a fair vote to be taken, and be for one would not be/op' posed to the erection of a town hall if a majority of ratepayer! were for it, but b# objected fb tha Council forcing their own views against a majority of ratepayers (Applause.) They were accrued by the Council of interested motive* in opposing this hall, Well, perwnaHy he thought be should benefit by its erection on the reserve j but they could not afford such an expensive luxury at present. They had now gone in for waterwork* and the taxation of the town would be something enormous, (Hear, hear,) He thought .then they would be much better without tne town hall, Tha Council should give way to a majority of ratepayer* or honorably resign, (Loud ap. planse.) fie asked the Council to allow tne meeting to jleeide whether they should take a 'poll W wot, (M Wo have bao a pull opce.") As he h^d s«ld before, if the Council persisted in going on wiih this hall agaiust the tofn t|ey wonld have to take some very ftrong measure* to prevent them. Ho proposed that they go to a poll once more on the question (Agreafdeal of confusion was caused by soma t drunken' m»ii at tbeUackoflhe room crying out seven or eight time*, " Dowa with him,")1 < ? ; Mr, Clark rose, but was interrupted by / Mr, Wyatt, who.«aid |t was not, fair *for the opposition^ monopoluo .aH ilja time, (Df«p. prove!). ' ? w Mr, Clark essaved to speak, but Mr. Ehret, amid a atom of erie* and hisses, protested on principle d . Mr, Clark speak* "iR- This scone lasted three or four minute*, u^'° Mwf agreed wW ;|fr, (Wytffi but m Mr. Clark first rose decided to allow him to speak* (A}ipl*M),ff - ' Mr.OlarfcsAid ho was asked by the Mayofto go on to the platform. He asked if the Council intended to bring forward any resolution P They had spent a lot of time inwlking and doing no thing, (Hear), Tuo Mnvor-We have coma h&ra; to answer questions that might be put to us to explain any matter on whioh the ratepayers may be to the r, i voice-" We're in the. dark. abi/ut nothing,') Mr, Clark wapted his question answered. The Mayor-We have no resolution, Mr, Clark-His Worship said he bad no re sointlon,be therefore rose to propose one, aa fo|. lows 5-~Tbafc tbi* meeting is of opinion that auTfi. tfent; notice, was qot given of the poll of rata payer* on the town ball question, and that; ratepayer* w*r? unduly biassed by the Mayor's representatipn that * guarantee had been given ithe Mayor- "Be careful, please,") tfiat a ibra of #200 s year would be derivable from the hall} and that a [toll of the ratepayer* should be taken, of which proper notice should he given, as to whether a town hall and offices should be erected or not," (Cheers), a Artrt0"8 ^at}{tIieJ' bftd « Mayor's nest and 3,000 egga in that pest, »be Mayor should not . keep them all in one basket, (Laughter and noise.) He thought that if the Council went to tne extent of the town's borrowing powers they would not spend all the money in one. bulldin/. <A voice-" Atnen l" and laughter,) And in* stead of bating all office* they should have a chemists ahop on one frontage, and a draper'* ?bop on the other, as they would be more lijcelv to let than offices. There were wiser way* of ?pending money than in this hall. At they were going to have a water supply fftlwCquncfi would establish public baths it would be a belter and more acceptable luxury. (Applause,), (At tbi* stage the draokeu Individual before mentioned renewed bis cries of " Down with him,") Or, Wyatt said the whole proceedings appeared to him to be much ado'about nothing. Ffafc Mr. Davison roso and vented a lot of spleen and nsed nothing but abuse. (" No jolly fear," and laughter j Mr, Wyatt then commenced to give a narrative of the Town Hall question. It tad been said that enough notice had not been given wa* allowed tune allowed by the Act Mr. Harrald asked Mr, Wyatt if he was speaki&z; to the motion, (Uproar,)' ' . Mr. Wyatt-Mr, Davison said a sufficient time had not been allowed, Mr. Harrald again asked if Mr, Wyatt waa speaking to the motion, ' Cr. Ehret excitedly called out, referring to Mr. Harrald-' That a a lunatic, put him out," Great uproar ensued, and several ratepayer* protested that such conduct was disgraceful Cr, Ehret said something else, but the noise waa such that it was lost to the reporters, Mr. Wvatt said the motion was out of order (Dissent,) The Act specified that a poll oinsfc be taken within four days, (Mr. Davison " Eight days.") The old Act said four days Trie meeting was held on a Wednesday and they took the poll on Saturday a* they could not on Sunday. Mr Davisou also said it was not right because it was not gazetted two months. (Mr. Davison-I did not) What did be say then? (Laughter.) The gazetting was required by the new Act, but the borrowing took place under the old, and there was nothing in it about gasetting, There fore, this opposition of a small minority wa* nothing but a quibble. (CrieB of " No" " ^^!T! mean **" &$?) It meant th'ia -(Henewed uproar and cries of «* Define bun combe, " No folly fear," 4c.) Mr. Davi son advanced another nrgnment) peHmpa be w?ll1ld<."J, ' No" again, (Mr, Davison-"I will if it is false ) When asked why they did not take steps before he said the ratepayers woro too lazy, (Mr, Davison-"I never said anything of the kind. J That was in the report. (Mr, Davison-" Look at the reiiort.") The Council hart come there on their defence ; they had been Bccusj d of frittering awaylho ratepayers' monev and bo laid tl.ey .lid not. There waa plentv of time for the raiepayer* to have taken action before, Mr. Bolte said be offered the money at 5 per cent. (Mr. Davison--When did Mr. Vaudrey agree to take an officef") Never mind, The Mayor admitted that Bolte did so, but it was after the loan for 6 per cent, had beani agreed to, Mr. Wyatt then refeired requtfcition eent to the Mayor and to the iiscrepancy between the wording of it aud tha r^oiuhon parsed at the meeting afterwards, but Z ir^ interrupted by enquiries as to inuL wroD,g ,about eitber- IIa c°f»" anuen They wanted the money for the Gas company. (Ones of " Yes," '. No," " Quack, jiiack, quack," and great laughter.) Perhaps he guarantee Mr, Davison wanted would be y.et- The opposition had no right o interfere with the Council now. Supposing they did not go on with the hall, the consequence would be a loss of £800 to the town, (A voice Better ibat ihan more,"} He had no doubt the ifficea would let, and that Mr Davison wonld be one of the first applicants, (Laughter.) Then fiis present offite would make a good shop, (" A snaff store.") Never mind, (Loud laughter.) Us went on to say the proceedings of the oppoii uon was like the play of "Hamlet," Mr, Uavison was the mauager, Mr, Bolte the stags manager, Mr, Harrald Hamlet's father's ghost [laughter), and Mr. Clark took the character of Ophelia, (Roars of laughter and uproar), After this there were two or three minutes' in« lerrupiioa, and lb* ratepayer! showing Honi|< tatibly that they were tired of Cr. Wyatt, be Ridded. i llr. D**i>oo asked whether tho 'oan w*® negotiated before the new Act wu passed ot D°Tbe Mayor-The loan *w negotiated after the new Act was passed, but .be poll was t-Ven under the old Act, and »t* Act in no way annulled anything done nodfr the oMAct. t|r. Davison said Mr Vaodrey bod told him ha bad taken bin present offices for five years "iirt bad no intention of leming. and yet Mr. WilHann laid he was goin* to 'ake one of the offices. Was that correct? , Mr. WilHain* replied that be wa* antlmnx".! by Mr Vaadorf to say he was prepared to talte an office. . Mr Etiret Mid no doubt tome nf them wanted a schoolmaster to pnt them an better behaviour. (Hisaes ) To go on hankey-pankeying u they did with the -Towir H*tt Wi disgraceful. One gentleman so far forgot himself u to call the Councillors dog*. (Uproar.) Mr, Davison said that. He mid' pTevjobtfj that ha did not want tba OoandTi bnttnMe u he found Mr Frew's pay better. (Laughter) That wai ibe friend of the poor man. (Prolonged interruption.) He mentioned that one gentleman of property had offered to deposit bU deeds in the Bank ai a guarantee that the £200 would be paid for 10 jwi, and said bo thought the Council had worked the jchemo very credi'ahly, The rate payers ihoall be ntiifled if they gnt recti a Siarantee (interruption and cries of "Name, j e bad no business to name Ibe gentleman who offend to deposit hie deeds. He «aid that not «u of the M gentleman who signed the renuist tfonto the Mayor bad the interest of Mount Qambier at heart. (Laughter and hoots^) The rGaqncil had been grossly insulted, and for htm ?dl, instead oi taking any pleasure in the town fca should talc* no pleasure in it. (A voice «. A loss,11 and interruption.) Tlu|*, showed they wanted a school master. Mr. Darifon thought the matter «mW: be settled arid all opposition withdrawn if the whole of the Oomfiilf.rB sral<i guarantee a tneuue of £200 a year for tc-n p/iri for tho hail, and that it would not c.\\.a rr..»a than £3000. (Applause.) The May i; jiiJ hi -ubli have to consult the Councillors . Mr. Davison v-h.'«-i out that il tha Oontoefl ?pest or. :i «wanted another £1000 to c/>x7if>ie»-£ jt, ti.e would bAW to proiids it. (Applai;,-<M The M-.y.-r r.vi j -owibly Mr. Davison would draft a guarantee and submit it to the Council for ennsuicnuifin The Oonncil were not joins to r.ir. atfAV from *"-5uunt Gambia. (ATWte "Soma ci their. wiii have to run away aoon!" Laugh lor.) Mr Da-»isor. sap pane;! that amounted to a re fuel to tniciiiiin his suggestion. If ao, would they ajfffi"? to a poll r Mr Wjatt thought it was not right w nk the Coatf.il in enter into a bond. . Mr. Divu.'iti did r.at think it »u worth while saaiiii.j? day roore time over il, and afeeofldfld tbe propr.iiii.-.n of Mr. CUrk The Council evi dently e.-.r.ri.icrf.i il would not be a paying jjrdC'aiftiion. ('.Question,") Mr, Williams said three gentlemen were prepared to take offi ces, bni thsra wss nothing to bind them to do 80\. Thsrs was b donht about it and would *brays be unless it was in writing. Ha was very sorry they could not arrange this matter. ^ ^ha Mayo* Ved Mr. Davison if be eould touch for ti * i rrect wording of the guarantee placard. Mr. Darifon said lha Council should put that document in and they did not. Mr. W. 0. Hnrr&ld; hartded to the Mayor an enlarged copy of the placard, amid loud laughter And applause Tha Major afttr looking at it VU about to hAiid it bick, whsn Mr. Flarr&ld; isid " It's ti to uiii So so ; you arc wtlc^nis to it." (Roars cJ laughter.) Mr, I-Ainhsrt r.-.so a I'jiicjtj.'.n. W.vsthe Mayor prepared to rcceiro r,ny proposition or tdopt atiy resolution that tnight he carned by the rocctitis f i"r«lf?s he pas ha did not think Itwu woiili KiiA'iiiC r.ifii'6 tir.K-. Die Mayor-It just dc^ndi ou what it ia. Xfr. I^mhert louk t!.l> =t«r,d -tlut lha meet ing could carry fii.y r«-^.-.lnlion it chosa end the Council must l>n t-ound hy it, it being a rate payers' mcetirij; ..oilfd hy thcmselm. The Mayer, *»fic-r fonsuUin^ with Cr. Wyatt We aro not pri-prcd to acccpt any resolution relative to a poll (tircit disorder). ' Mr. I^mhc-rt- Tht-r. «e uuy go home, A large ;r..\;;,n:y «rro atn^.t leaving en TOfwM when Mr. Watfori n,,v.iotni ti..- platform and faid I hopo, giiitii'-r.ifii, vr.ii will ait down and have this nv.tur out. TKao is a very important principle iufolttii, nud I hope you will not go away until it i» Jettkd. Tlia rnf-ctirn,' ti.e n i ^. i, and Mr. LunUrt a.i.lrts-rd it. Ho considered the Council sras buut.d to accept any resolution the meeting c/inie-i. Ho directed attention to the wor.iirij; of tV.r- ".h .rtiffuifiit convening it wliich Wiiul.l jri.rt thfl ioefltinh' that libertv. What was tho uj i.dling tho meeting if they were not to tr.fc iih- rty to come to a decision? Tha Mayor-The question you asked was Whether p,>'l of ths ratepayers should betaken or not f (Cries of " No.") Mr. Lambert n prated his question, and The Mayor.~ >id it depended on the natnre of Iho rMolution- (' Of course,") After fiH'.her parleying between the MayoT and Mr. i^r.il ert, Mr. WAt>-or. s^id he thought the natter wu very easily settled. The Mayor was in the brads of the mcetii.g, and if they wished a motion to be put it roust bo put. (Great applause > After further parley, Tha Mayor gave in so for m to say that "if tha motion vaa one that could be put by law he bad no objection to put it " Mr. Ijambert taid if the advertisement was wrongly worded the Council must take the eon icqucncfs Tha Council were in the position of a member of Parliament who came before bis constituents to stato his conduct. He would be bound to accept any resolution the meeting would pass upon him. (Hear, hear; and "He knows that well ciioush.") The Mayor, be submitted, must put the resolution or leave the chair, (Applause ) / Afttr t'orthv,- discussion and disorder, caused by the Mayor saying he knew of no resolution before the meeting, a copy was banded to bhn The Mayor claimed to say a few words 00 the proposition. He considered lega] notice was given of tha poll. (Cr Nicholas-'" And that destroys the proposition.") So far as be knew, no undue icihienco was brought to bear on the ratepayers, and the motion did not give |he correct woiding of the guarantee document. Atid a guarantee souhi have bc«a entered into if the Council thought tit. Mr. Lambert thought tho motion shonld be put and allowed to stsnd or fall on its merits, (Criesof "Out of order," Ac., and disorder.) The Mayor then said he bad no objection to pat thia resolution. (" Or any other.") He would let it stand or fall on its merits (Ap plause.) Before doing so he would ask what tos to be done with the poll already taken ? ("It will be knocked over by thia bigger poll." Mr. Engelhrecht-" This action should have been taken within three months after the poll") | Mr. Lambert then addressed the meeting on \- {In motion. He indignantly denied that he opposed the Town Hall from motives of self interest, and said bo did so solely on the ground that it was not necessary. It would neve; be a paying scheme. It was very ungentlemanly for the Council to accuse those who opposed the hall of self-interest. (Mr. Mansell-"You should have given him the plani") He was in %. a position tcTpnvre that that placard on the door ? about the guarantee influenced a good many in favor of the Hall. He conld not say bow many, and the Council could not say how few. (Hear, hear \ He spoke tfiw advuedly. In addition to that he was prepared to prove that influence was brought to bear in voters inside the polling booth. (Sensation ) He did not say with the Major's knowledge If then nndue influence was bn^sbt to bear in aiy election that election was iuralid. (Hear, hea ) He then commented «o the proposal of Cr. Williams at the last Council meeting to emvass in favor of tha ball, and contended that if a thins of this kind would not stand on its ovn merits, and Councillors were obliged to use rfoTts outside to support it, tb^n it was not worth their efforts. (Cheers.) He.9^nted with respect to this guarantee affair that whilst four gentlemen were in it each of them gave a different version of the manner in which tt was commesced. Mr. Engelhrecht first got np and stated, wit ail the honesty in the world, that bis object wu self interest, as i would be a good payhut scheme. (Mr. Engel btveht-Hear, bear.) Then he said that when it was mentioned to lha Mayor the Mayor asked to be allowed b take a share in it. The Mayor afterwards tsld them is Ins explana tion that Mr. Ehret joined before be did. Then they bad Mr. Eb.-et's version that he went into it because the M«yor had previously done so. (Laughter) Then versions were all con trary lo each other. The only interest be bad in this question was fee interest all should feel in it as ratepayers that wonld have to pay an increased rate. (Interruption, and "Never mind, its only Maasell.") He wonld say, in conclusion, that tlat guarantee not only in fluenced the ratepayers, but at least one oi the Council. (Cr. Wyatv-" I deny that " Mr. Engelbrecht-»" Yen are only hammering away tt the old thing "! Mr. Watsou came forward with tha view of trying to do sopathing to get the town and Council out of lbs mas they bad got into. He VboB^ht they woald «How the town had got ia to a sad mesa He proposed then-"Tbf»t no farther steps be taken to trect town hall chim ben until ? guarantee he entered into for the payment of ten yean' rent at the rale of £200 » year, as promised by the Major, an>! that a Ci remittee of six gentleman be apj-oiiiied by this meeting to act with the Town Council in getting this guarantee, if forthcoming, proprrly <irawn out and executed." (Applanse) The whole matter hinged on the guarantee. He him* .elf was deceived by it. and >o were otben. Some who voted for the Hall would have voted aguinst it ouly for the guarantee. Bat having gone so far he was not disposed to go back alto gether if a guarantee were now provided that would be satisfactory to the town. (Applause.) Mr. Hood raid the opposition wanted every* thing their own way. If the thing were quashed would they pay the £300 damages? ("No, certainly ; why should they?") Mr. J. Ooss seconded Mr. Watson's amend ment, He considered this grand building too costly for Mount Gambier at present, and failed to sea why the Council, for the few hoari they used a hall in u year, wanted inch a struc ture. He ridiculed the cry of the Council that every one who opposed them on this matter was interested; and (aid he hoped that in future ratepayers would be more alive to their interests (Applause.) He hoped that another time before the election of Councillon came round they would have a meeting of tfaia kind and ascertain their opinion! (Hear, hear). Cr. J. Nicholas thought it a pity thil matter was left to the last moment, as that day was the one fixed for receiving the tenders In reply to Mr. Qosa he would say the present Councillon could have no personal ob ject in getting a better chamber, as they would he out of 'office before it was in use. He hoped the ratepayen would in future take more care as to the men they put in the Council, and raise the standard of the Council by putting in men fit to do their work. (Cheers ) After further discussion, Mr Watson said he had been asked to make an amendment in his proposition, which would now stand as follows"That no further steps be taken to arect Town Han chamber! until a guarantee fat entered into for the payment of ten yaw' rent at the rate of £200 a-year, as pro mised by the Mayor; that a further guarantee be given thai not more than £ik00 be spent in thebuilding; and that a committee of six gen tlemen be appointed by this meeting to act with the Council to getting this guarantee, if forth coming, properly drawn out and executed ; in the cr em of their not urwing, a poll to ho taken " Mr. Sngalbrecbt did not deny that ha was in terested in the matter, and he bad reasons for acting as he did. In the fint place he bad a corner place next door to where it was proposed to build the Town Hall, but independent of that he thought the expenditure of say £1,500 out of £3,000 in the town would be a great benefit to ? the laboring classes and the town generally. (" About ten ihfliinga apiece." Laughter ) He had some to the conclusion that the hall wonld pay and was still prepared to bear a share of a guarantee of £200. Ha remarked that while the opposition with difficulty obtained SI names to their requisition, be got fit signatures to bis memorial of sympathy to the Council in four houn. (A. voioe-"15 widows." Loud laughter.) Mr Daviscn no doubt managed bis speech well ("Speak to thepoint"), and made the besr out of a bad ease. He held that the first poll was quite correct, and that the ratepayen were not deceived, as staled. If this loan was thrown aside, what would Mr. Lansell say F He would say "I have made a good spec, gentle* men, and you mutt pay for it I" Mr. Clark withdrew his proposition in favor of Mr. Watson's amendment, which consequently became tho substantive proposition. Mr J Powell ikslrcd to make on amendment " That the Council be requested not to enter in ar.y shape into » guArsnteo." (Confusion ) Be thought-« guarantee would he an injustice to the ratepayers, who should ha*e all the profits of the hall, if ar.y. ("Sothey will.") He said they wouid not. Mr. Davison explained that by the proposi tion the guarantors would be required to pay any deficiency, and if the offices let for more they would receive nothing more than the £200. Mr. Powell thought that very one-sided. The Council one time were areusea of doing nothing to beautify the place, and now when they at tempted to do so they were brought into this disgrace (Hear, hear.) It was a disgrace to the ratepayers. Mr. Hood seconded. Mr. Watsou explained what he meant by the guarantee. Mr. Hood attempted to *p&afc;, but for some time wo* unnlde to ^r> on, ihn meeting objecting to hear him. He said ho would slay there all night sooner than fit down. Tho opposition should not hftre everything their own way. The guarantee spoken of hy Mr. Watson was absurd. Although it was very indiscreet to put that pkcard on the door of the polling-booth he did not think it was tho cause of the majority. A Town Hall was necessary. (A voice-" Because it will be next your premises," and loud laughter.) He did not can a rap, but it should be in the centre of the town. He supported it simply on principle. Ine Mayor said he should allow no furthor discussion. The meeting then divided, those in favor of the amendment being requested to go to one side of the room, and those in favor of the pro position to the other. The proposition was carried with loud cheering by about two to one. The Mayor-The proposition is earned. It wu then resolved, on the motion of Mr. Watson, seconded by Mr. Clark, that Messrs. Davison, Bolte, Frew, Paltridge. Harrald, and Watson, should be the six gentlemen from the jneetingto confer with the Council. Mr. Watson and Mr. Davison both moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman. Mr. Davison sincerely hoped this matter would be satisfac- 1 torily arranged, and he thought he saw a pros pect of it now. Carried with applause. The Major, in acknowledging the vote of thanks desired to say, and he thought Mr. Engelbreeht would bear him ont, when he said he never asked to go halves in the guarantee He did it in good faith, to show the town he had confidence in it He thanked the ratepayen for their attendance. The meeting closed a few minutes before' II o'clock. 