Laycock and Trickett. A writer, under the fcigcature of ' Charon,' sends the following to the Herald : — Sir, — It may be remembered that upon the news of the projected match between Laycock and Hanlan becoming known in Sydney a meeting was at once called, and the »uu* x/i i«uu ouumjiucu i&uu; wieg i ajjiieu numc w ot: appLicu in part payment of Laycock's stakes. The amount was duly received, and Laycock now desires to express his gratitude to those of his Sydney friends who came to the rescue. But for it the race would probably have fallen through, and he adds that the kindness was far greater than he ever ven tured to expect. Writing of Trickett's race with Ross, he says : — ' Poor old Ned has had more bad luck. He rowed and beat Ross as fair as ever man did in this world. Just after passing Hammersmith Bridge Ross eased up, and both fouled. Ned stopped, and let him go on, bo that Ross got by far the best of it. Ned then went in chase, and passed him, coming in first ; but Mr. Ireland, the umpire (who, it appears, did not see the foul), ordered the race to be rowed over again. As soon as he uttered the words I almost gave up the ghost, for Ned looked dreadfully bad, and I fancied he would get worse, which he did ; that was on the Monday, and the race was to be rowed off on the following Saturday. Ned and I went down to Eastbourne, to see if the seaside would revive him ; but it was no use, he got worse, and was_ very bad indeed on Tuesday night. We stopped there until Friday, but without any improvement ; he 'revived a little on Saturday, but was anything but fit to row a hard race. You know the result. He is getting better now, but does not feel inclined to row again in England. Ross is go elated at beating him that he has challenged me in to day's Sportsman to row in eight weeks for £200 a side. I have answered that I will row in four or five weeks for £200. Be fore I meet Hanlan I should like to have another go at him. We had very cold weather a short time back ; but the lust fortnight has been beautiful, quite warm enough for any thing ; but all around here looks quite desolate, and the leafless trees give everything a dreary aspect. I have had a short spell, but must go in for hard work again. After losing so much, it is hard to tackle lit again and have to go over the 6ame ground. Our trip to Eastbourne was a pleasant change from old foggy Thames. Tomor row I am off to the Tyne again, to get another boat built, and will spend a few 'days among the Geordies, who are clean gone on boat- racing.'' Of his prospects in the coming race with Hanlan he is silent ; but his modest desire to meet Ross ' one week before the great event ' conveys its own meaning, and one hardly knows whether to be astounded or amused at the profound indifference with which he treats such matters. Though he intends sticking to the champion uniil he has successfully or unsuccessfully measured blades with him, yet he is most anxious to return home again. And now, I would ask, is it not time that steps should be taken in a practical manner to recognise our countryman's prowess and unflinching determination ? It is needless to repeat the circumstances of his voyage home, his troubles upon his ai rival in England, and his subsequent races there ; but who can read of his victorv in the Hop Bitters race, tritely described as the finest and most celebrated of contests that have ever been witnessed on the now historic course of old Thames, and not feel a glow of enthusiasm and pride that the winner was bred and born in this remote romer of our Australia 'i Though tho once-neglected Shark Islander has found it necessary to travel 10,000 miles to fight his way to the hearts of his fellow countrymen, he is at last properly understood, and it would be well to show him that weare grateful for his services. Apart from the wanderings of boat-racing enthusiasts, such as myself, we may perhaps look at Laycock demonstrating, at the very home of the race from whence he sprang, that ite sons still retain these rare qualities which have made their sires so famous. I would conclude with the following extract from the London Sportsman of 20th November, 1880, in a leading article commenting upon the projected race between Laycock and Hanlan : — ' ' I am well,' adds Laycock in his bluff hearty fashion ; ' and though I am not such a fast puller as Trickett, let me show Hanlan and tho British public that the Australians can pull well enough to prevent any one playing with them on their journey.' Pusil lanimous friends have urged him not to attempt a match against such a redoubtable oarsman as Hanlan, pointing out that it will be better for him to go home with the credit of four successive victories than risk a winding up defeat. But the brave-hearted Shark Islander is in flexible. He desires one more cut-in for Australia, and that he is prepared to make if only the slightest chance is afforded. As we have already said, his patriotism and valour are admirable in the extreme, and must command tho widest respect and applause. Were the match to take place, and Laycock to sustain defeat, we feel positively certain that he would be heartily greeted right from Mortlake to Putney on the journey home, just because he demonstrated such loyalty to a defeated confrere, and such an abiding jealousy for the honour of his country. What would happen were he to prove victorious it would be difficult to guess.' But still we must not forget altogether our unfortunate but faithlul Ned Trickett. 