DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. (From our own Correspondent.) The Venerable Archdeacon Hogan and the Rev. P. Gleeson, of Tasmania, are guests at the Palace. The Rev. Father Gleeson, who celebrated first Mass on Sunday, announced that he intended to collect for St. Mary's Cathedral, Hobart, Tasmania. The rev. gentleman preached at Vespers to a large congregation. No doubt he will meet with a generous response to his laudable mission. The devotion of the Quarant Ore on Forty Hours' Adoration will commence in St. Kilian's pro-Cathedral on Pentecost Sunday, 25th June. The most complete arrangements are being made to have the choral part of the Mass worthy of the solemn occasion. The choir is to be considerably augmented, and the orchestral accompaniment will be performed by Monahan's celebrated band. On the last occasion of this kind, their performance was pronounced a complete success. Through the warm manner'in which the ladies of the congregation have taken up the matter of furnishing the bishop oratory recently erected, tenders have been called for the work. I understand that no expense will be spared in this labour of love. THE NAGAMBIE MISSION. During the past fortnight the bishop has visited this portion of his diocese, and administered the Sacrament of Confirmation to a large number of persons. On Sunday, the 8th inst., his Lordship was in Nagambie, where forty-seven persons were confirmed. He then proceeded to Rushworth, and administered Confirmation to twenty there, at Mooribin to twenty-five, and at Tatura to fortyseven. On Sunday last he was at Mooroopna, where thirty persons received the gifts of the Holy Ghost. At the conclusion of the service a congratulatory address to his Lordship, signed by the Catholic residents of the district, was read and presented by Mr. D. Murray. The right rev. prelate replied in feeling terms, insisting particularly on the obligation of parents giving their children a sound Catholic education. In the evening Vespers and Benedicton were given at Tatura, and the Bishop preached on the " Death of the Sinner." The congregation—quite half of whom were Protestants—felt deeply the awful truths which fell from the bishop's lips. The music, both at Mooroopna and Tatura, was excellent, the members of the Stray Leaves Company giving their valuable assistance at the latter place. I should not omit to mention that Father Reams was indefatigable in preparing the candidates for confirmation, and in attending the bishop—whose health, I am sorry to say, is far from good—in his long and fatiguing journeys to the different churches in this extensive parish. {From, another Correspondent). His Lordship the Bishop arrived at Tatura on the 12th inst., accompanied by Father Kearns, who subsequently put about fifty boys and girls through a severe examination in Christian doctrine, and with very satisfactory results. Confirmation was held on Friday. Mass commenced at 11 a.m., the celebrant being Father Kearns. There was a Urge congregation, and many approached Holy Communion. After Mass his Lordship preached, taking for his text, "You shall seek me, andyou shall not find me, and you shall die in your sins." The bishop's impressive discourse should have a most beneficial effect. His Lordship, after alluding to the duty of Catholic parents with regard to the education of their children, explained the nature of the Holy Sacrament of Confirmation to the children, who were then confirmed. They were neatly dressed, and their deportment was reverential. Thebuhop returned from Mooroopna in ^hee veiling, and gave, Pontifical Vespers to the Mechanics' Institute, in which there, WSB a congregation of about 400 persons. His Lordship again preached, very earnestly, and prayed that his Wj> " would sink deep. into the hearts, of those r< present. In copcluBlon, too much praise cannot be given toMrs. P. F. Ryan for the very energetic manner In which she worked for days to make the bishop's visit a success. His Lordship appears to be in good health. 