INTERCOLONIAL MEWS. BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH. FBOM OUB OWN COBHESrONDENTS. NEW SOUTH AVALES. Sydney. 25th September. Atolegram from Carcoar announces a rich auriferous discovery at Milburn Creek, on ground recently purchased by a Molbourno Company. A tin lodo has been discovered at Tullctop, near AVaggn. Tho escort from Mount Browno has brought 850 oz. of gold. AVater lias been found nt a depth of 35 foot. Two pound weight of gold was washed from n load of dirt, Tho AVolverono, Commodore Wilson, arrived on Sunday night from Brisbane, having on board three seamen who were wounded by tho natives, Tho export of coal from Newcistlo for tho past week was 28,097 tons. The cost of the collodion of subscriptions to Laycock'a presentation fund has swnllowod up £103 18s. Only £308 remains, which will be presented to him. Sydney, 20th September. A largo and destructive fire broke out at ten on Sunday night, on tho premises of Messrs. Tullooh and Co., wholesaio grocers, 781 nnd 780 George-street, which were en tirely consumed, and the drapery establishment of Mr. J. Poolo was completely gutted. An extraordinary charge was preferred ot tho police eourt by a woman named Annio Delsolm, against her husband, whom slio accused of attempting to murder her. She stated that ho presented a loaded revolver at her head, and used n throat that lie would shoot her dead. Tlio complainant, who is an attractive young woman, deposed that alio had been only a fortnight married. Her husband compelled her against licr will to marry him by presenting a revolver at lier head, and threatening to shoot her unless she complied. Sho was afraid of her life owing to his vio lence. The case was remanded after tho de fendant had been bound o7cr to keep tho pcaco towards a lad named Murray, whom ho bad also threatened to shoot. gThe Governor Blackall, which arrived from Brisbane nt two o'clock this morning, reports meeting a terrific galo on Thursday and Fri day, which sho rodo out under close-reefed canvas. On Friday night thero was a violent squall, with a tremendously heavy sea. Tho barometer fell very low. On Saturday sho sighted a harquo with her foremast nnd main- topmnst gone, but was unable to render her any assistance, owing to tho heavy sen. Tho steamer Aiax has been despatched from New castle to-day to render nssistanco to this barqno in prosumed distress. The Btcnmor Leichhnrdt reported her machinery disabled. The sob. Jossio Spears went ashore on the North Spit, Camden Haven, and is likely to become a total wreck. Tho True Blue, sell,, went ashore at tho North Head, Tweed River, and is full of water, hut the crew were saved, During the recent voyage of the immigrant ship Nincvcli a practical joke was perpetrated which has led sinco to unhappy consequences. One of tlio yonng female immigrants dressed herself in a shoet, pretending to bo a ghost. At dead of night she stalked through the sleeping girls, whom she aroused. In ono instance mo shock was so severe mat a girl lost her reason and becamo hopelessly insane. She was examined on the arrival of the ship j by medical men, on whose certificate she has i been sent to the asylum. The matter will he ' investigated by tho Immigration Board, The Btock of Messrs. Tillock nnd Co., whole sale grocers, George-street, which was con sumed by fire last niglit, was insured for £10,500 in various offices. Tho charge against Dr. Arnn Heckercn, of using instruments with intent to produce mis carriage in the ease of Eleanor Antill, was again heard. He wn3 remanded, and bail re fused. Tho result of several adjourned meetings of the miners at Newcastle, who are discontented with tho present hewing prices of coal, is that tho men continue to work ns at present, with out any fresh agreement, at 4s. 3d. hewing rate, fourteen dayB' notico to terminate tlio contract on either Bide. These were the best terms procurable, and were accepted. A banquet was given this evening to hlioliael Rush, the oarsman, Albury, 2fith Soptcmber. One hundred and forty-five bales of wool, fifty-eiglit hales washed and eighty-soven bales greasy, passed through this afternoon, en route for Melbourne, from Mr. R. Rand's station. Sydney, 27th September. A shock of earthquake has been reported at Tontorfield. The Highland Society held their tliird an nual meeting at the Protestant Hall ; the president, Sir John Hay, in tho chair ; 50 now members wore roported as having joined tho society. There was nearly £200 balance in hand. Tho stewards of the Pnrramatta JockoyCluh aro negotiating for tho purchase of 100 aoros for a new racecourse on the Elizabeth Farm estate. Tlio annual meeting of tho Now South AVales Cricket Association was held at Tattor- saU's Hotel to-day. The report expressed re gret at tho defeat tho colony had au3tained nt tho hands of tho Victorian players, which was attributed to tho loss of tho Domain grouud for practice, and to tho action of tlio Australian eleven. A new grand stand, costing £8000, is promised to he shortly erected. A man named Smith was fined at C'owra to- day £50, with an alternative of six mouths' imprisonment in Bathurst gaol, under the Cattlo Stealing Prevention Act, ho bavin" o numbor of sheepskins in his possession j and on a charge of stealing sheep, tlio property of Samuel Brown, ho was committed for trial. At tlio fortnightly wool salo yesterday Messrs. Harrison, Jones and Devlin sold 1G0 hales, of which 112 wore scoured, nt from 13d. to 19d. per lb. The Horo, from New Zealand, brought 8070 oz, of gold, tlio produco of tlio West Coast goldfields. The arrangements are completed for pulling down the Queen's Theatre, with a view to the erection of a larger theatre in the modern style. Mr. J. 11. Grcville, of tho Thoatro Royal, Melbourne, has secured tho lease. Michael Rush, tho sculler, lias announced his intention of retiring from aquatic sports. Ai.huhy, 27th , September! Anthony Silvester, an old man, resident for a long timo in the district, was arrested yester day for some trifling offence, and died sud denly in the ga 1 lo-day. Sydney, 28th September. An interesting dohato on tho working of tlio IramwnyB was initiated in tho Assembly last night, on tlio motion of Dr. Tarrant for a com mittee to inquire into their management. The Ministry objected, not considering such an in quiry necessary, hut n strong party in the Houso is determined to offect Bomo alteration. Tlio greater part of last ovening was spent in dis cussing Mr. Ferguson's motion affirming tho desirability of discontinuing the salo by auc tion of Crown lands. A petition was presented from a public meeting asking that the clauses expunged from tho Chinese Rostriotion Bill by tlio Council bo restored. It was ruled by tlio Speaker to ho informal, as it refcrrod to tlio proceedings of the other chamber. The Houso discussed tho amendments of tlio Council in tho Chinese Bill. Some wero adopted nnd other clnuBos woro insisted on. Largo numbers of gold mining lenses linvo been applied for in tlio vicinity of Milburn Creek. The annual meeting of tho Coffee Palaco Company was held to-day. The report con gratulated the shareholders on the success of the businoBB, which had yielded £1121 profits during the year. The royal assent lias been given to tlio Matrimonial Divorce Causes Act passed last session. AVaooa AVaoga, 28th September. An inquest was held to-day on the remains of a man found near Maugoplnh. Tho body is supposed to havo been lying in the hush over twelv'o months. Tlio doctor's evidence showed that tho remains wero tlioso of ayonngman, pro bably under 30 years of ago. His long fingor nails indicated that ho was a man not used to manual labor. There wero no marks of vio lence, nnd tho remains aro supposed to he thoso of a German of unsound mind, who was seen roaming in that part of tlio bush fifteen months ago. The jury returned an open ver dict of found dead, there boing no eviilcnco to show hew death took place. Sydney, 29th September. A telegram has been received by the harbor master at Newcastlo from the master of the steam-tug Ajax,stating that tho Prince Victor, barque, from Maryborough 9th September, bound to Melbourne, was waterlogged off tho coast, 150 miles east of Cape Hawke. " A later telegram states tlint tlio Ajnx had searched for tho vessel reported by tho Gover nor Blackall to be dismasted and disabled, from CO miles cast of Newcastle to 70 miles cast of Seal Rocks, without snccess. The current was fonnd strong and setting north ward, Tho Ajnx arrivod at Soal RockB .to day at half-past three p.m., and loaves to morrow for further search. The crow of tho Priuco A7ictor are at present at Capo Hawke, whoro tho Ajax will call to- morrow. Tlio master of tho Ajax further reports that when tho crow loft tlio Prince Victor was water logged. There was ono man on board. The Marine Board, after several long sit tings, gave a decision in tho case of tlio col- lision between tlio Hero and Herga steamers in Port Jackson. The board reprimanded the masters of both vessels, tho former for a breach of tho 120th section of the Navigation Act, the latter for attempting to cross tlio bows of the formor. They cautioned both masters to bo moro circumspect in future. Thn Onnwf/ir Rf»«rinnR nnrrncrnrl nil rlnv in tho case of tlio criminal libel against tho proprietor of tho Parramatta Evening News, for publishing a letter by Miohnel Manser, reflecting on the character and impartiality of Henry Byrnes, a magistrate, who fined Menscr £15, with £5 5s. costs, for selling tickets in a consultation sweep. At eleven o'clock the jury, not agreeing, were discharged, nnd tho defendant was bouucl to appear at the next sessions. A destructive fire occurred at midnight yes terday, at tho Bathurst auction mart, ocoupied by G. AV. Bailey, which, together with tho premises of Mr. Gollriok adjoining, was totally destroyed. Tho fire spread rapidly, and it was fearod tho wholo block would ho burnt. The premises, which belonged to Mr. Gillmoro, wero insured, as was also Bailey's stock, hut Gellrick was uninsured. An attempt at burglary was mndo on tho premises of AVm. Cory, at tho railway-bridge, Redfern, hut it was frustrated owing to the vigilance of a passing constable, who pursued tho thieves. They decamped after vainly attempting to burst open tho safe. One man suspected was arrested. "William Wild, a clerk in tho Lands office, was arrested yesterday on a chargo of stealing two voluablo clocks, tho property of tho Go vernment, which had been taken from tlio office nnd pawned, one for £2, the other for 7s., with a pawnbroker named Stanley. He was remanded by tho bench. It is roportcd from Bourko that a squatter near tlio border shot a gin, nnd lias been ar rested by tho Queensland polico on a chargo of murdor. Sydney, 30tli Soptembor. It is reported on good authority tlint Judgo Hargravcs has resigned his position as ono of the puisno judges of tho Supremo Court. Sir. Geo. Innes, Minister of Justice, will probably ho his successor. Air. Lackey, Minister of Public Works, is seriously ill. It is rumored that Canon AUwood intends immediately resigning St. James's Churoli. Tho appointment will ho offered to Dr. Ellis, precentor of tlio Cathedral, an eloquent ; preachor. Tho intended mass mooting of tho minors nt Hunter River lias boon postponed. The Government iutond resuming tho Pyr- mont-bridge, which will then be thrown open : free. All streets having tramways aro to ho pitched throughout with wooden cubes. A portrait of the Premier lias been offered to tho City Council and nccoptcd. A caso of poisoning is reported at Dubbo by a child eating a nativo lily bulb. Sir John Robertson, Mr. Suttor and Sir Geo, Innes leavo Sydney by special train for Albury on Monday, to ho presont at tlio cord- inoiiy of opening tho now public offices, nnd ruturu the same evening. 