[?] "We have, received the following extraor dinary narrative from a correspondent for whose good.fiilfikriddfeeaoliS' acutenees of observation we . can , vouch, v He -enha£n.n - tiates his story With full- details of dates, names, and for the sake of the siirviyore, he does riot wish to be published; ;Wiuf:ariy fdtipracfe, we lay his letter hebre piir readers As my wife and I were Sitting at - break fast with a guest whom. I. wiU cail Mr. A. — then on a? visit for the first time to our house and neighbourhood-ourmaid-servantpassed out of the mom ' on her way to the kitchen. As she closed the door Mr. Al startled me by saying, ''I saw a spirit of a man -following that ; woman, who, as he passed, said dis tinctly in my hearing, ' God judgeth not as man judgeth. -I was innocent of the murder for which I have been hanged. I was there, but I did not strike the blow.'" "What is it like?" I asked. ; He replied by describing a young Irishman whom I recognised at once as the husband of my domestic, who a year or two before had bean executed on' the charge of inurder. Mr. A., a complete stranger to the locality, had only met me for the first time two days before and he was totally, ignorant of the erime in which my servent was so deeply interested. For obvious reasons the subject was never al- lnded to in our household,' where the w;dow was regarded with feelingk of sympathy, which led us to avoid as much as possible all reference to her husband's fate. I bad pre viously good reason to doubt whether the evidence against him justified his execution. He had died protesting his innocence. His wife and ' friends were firmly convinced that, although, he had been in.the fight, it was noi by "his harid the /fatal blow" had been dealt/ In addition to this, I had good rea&on; to believe that the real murderer was still at large. You can easily imagine , my astonisli- mentwhen Mr. A.thris suddenly ventured upon forbidden ground, and .abruptly declared that the spirit of a man who had suffered the capital penalty, and whose, personal appearance exactly coincided with that of the unfortu nate Irishman, was actually following tlie servant about the house proclaiming his inttaeence in annanta whirft alfVi nnrvV — — uau" dible to me, my guest declared were perfectly audible to hits. I had heard that Mr. A. had been a "seer," but I was not a little startled at this striking illustration of his peculiar faculty. I remarked that it was very strange, and informed him that the woman whom ha had just seen for the first time with her ghostly companion was really the widow of aa executed felon. Some time afterwards, he exclaimed, " Thtere he is again, repeating the same words 1" Intensely interested by this sadden and apparently supernatural con firmation of my suspicions, I determined to put the seership of my guest to what I re garded as a crucial test. I told Mr. A. that Bhcrtly afterwards I Was going into the town, and&b; I should be passing the spot where the murder was committed, perhaps his ghostly visitant might indicate the place where the dead man lay. Some time afterwards we started for the town. When we left the house Mr. A. remarked, " There he is following us," alluding to the "spirit." .When we had pro ceeded part of the way along the road, which was quite unknown to my friend, I made a detour to make a business call, and went along another street, Mr. A. following me. Inst as, without a word on my. part, we were turning out of the main -road, Mr. A. said, "The spirit is .standing at the comer. He kays we are not going the right way towards the place where. the murder was: committed, and which he has promised to point out to me." I replied, " Oh; we shall come out in the main, road again by-and-hye before we reach the spot." We proceeded on about -a quarter of -a mile, and naving done my busi ness and struck the main road again-— which differed, I , may remark, from none of the other roads we had traversed— Mr. A. soon, after declared, " There is that man just on there, waiting for us." As we continued our walk,: I purposely refrained from uttering a word, or even from thinking, as far as I could, about the murder, so as to prevent any poesl- bility .of my companion obtaining any clue. As w8 were passing through one of the lowest parts of the town, Mr. A. suddenly exclaimed, " Hs tells me. that it was here the murder was committed. It was just thsre pointing to the place in the road where the mnrdered man . fell). I sSf the hubbub and confusion rise up before me as a picture, with the people round. He, however; again tells me that he did not strike the fatal blow. He does not exquse himself from being morally guilty as being mixed up with those who accomplished the death of the man, but strongly /maintains that he was not the murderer." I will only add, in relation to the last incident, that Mr. A. described the exact spot where the murder was committed, and the circumstances in con nection therewith. How can you account for that? Mr. A. had never been in the town before; he had never lived within a couple of hundred miles of it ; he did not know till within a day or two before he arrived that he would ever visit it; he could not by any pos sibility have known that the poor woman in my. employ was the widow of a man who was hanged. . He had no conceivable interest in. deceiving me, nor was he concerned to prose cute the matter any further. I have in vain, attempted to account forhis story, nor can I on any of the popular hypotheses explain to my own satisfaction how he saw that ghost a£ noonday. That he did see it he assured me, much to my surprise, when no one expected : any .such revelation, ; and, whatever he sawv it ceffcainly led? him to the exact nlace where. the ; murder was committed.— Pall Malfc '.Budget. - 