ATT. doubt seems to be now removed from the report to which we referred the other day, that a strong effort is to be made to bring about a Ministerial crisis. All the correspondents of the provincial papers now agree with our representative in Melbourne that this crisis is decidedly on tlie tapis. One correspondent goes so far as to give the names of the new Cabinet as follows:— FBANCIS, O'SBANASSY, O'LOGHLEN, COOPER, CARTER, BOWMAN, M'KEAN, L. L. SMITH, and Dr HEARS, although the writer is of opinion that this list is not good enough to get the no-confidence vote carried. Of course all such lists are purely speculative, or in plain words mere inventions. There are so many votes to be caught by the prospect of office, that the wire-pullers in the present fray would not be such dullards as to form a Ministry, even on paper, before the old Ministry was displaced. Such a step would be far too dangerous before a majority was secured, because it would be sure to raise the ire, and thus to lose the votes, of some of those who had been excluded. The list we give above is,. therefore, a mere jump on the part of the-Melbourne correspondent referred to, who has undoubtedly evolved the list from the depths of a too fertile imagination. Outside of this fanciful effort, however, the correspondents, as we have said, are quite agreed that there is to be a direct attack upon the Ministry, although opinions differ as to when it is to be made. Some say the motion is to be tabled to-day; while others [aver it will not be brought down until a majority in its favor is assured. In the meantime, there is perfect agreement that the Royal Commission upon the Education Act is to be the piece der resistance of the attack, it being concluded, and veiy properly so too, that the 3Iinistry will oppose, any such delusion. Such are the state- ments made as to what is in store for Mr BERRY and his colleagues; and dislike of Messrs RICHABDSON, VALE, and WILLIAMS is said to be at the bottom of the movement Now, there is no law or custom to prevent schemers wasting the time of the House, and irritating the public, ui order to strive for the loaves and fishes of office—for this is what the whole attack amounts to. Matters of this kind lie solely between the intriguers and their consciences. But there is not anything surer in this world than that, if an attempt should be made to cause a Ministerial crisis just now; the schemers will get more abuse than thanks from the electors for their labors. The reform question is in that state that at any moment it might be disposed of,—that is, should no Ministerial crisis intervene to prevent a settlement. - But if a Ministerial crisis were to t»ccur, a lengthy postponement of the adjustment of reform would be inevitable. There would be a recess, or an adjournment, of at least five or six weeks, for the new Ministers to go before their constat aents; there would be the ' new Ministerial scheme to lay before the country; there would follow the inevitable discussion of it in all its points when the House reassembled, only, perhaps, for the bill to be lost when the crucial vote came to (be taken; and there is the risk that even if this difficulty wore- tided over, the bill would be rejected or laid aside in the Council. Indeed, the matter seems to us to stand in this way by a Ministerial crisis. If -the new bill i less liberal than the Ministry is endeavoring to secure, then it would be lost in the Lower House, and if more liberal, then it would assuredly lie thrown out by the Council-; and in either case an immense amount of time would be lost over the process. The result, therefore, of a Ministerial crisis would be to put off the settlement of the reform .question indefinitely; and this is just the step of all others- which the country desires to see avoided. Bat nothing of the kind will occur by leaving the present ' Ministry to engineer this matter through." Reform has now been, brought to such a focus between the two Houses that whatever agreement should be come to by the contending parties can be passed through both Houses in three or four days; and that some agreement will be brought about, if no squabbling in the Lower House should take place, is , certain. The country has everything, therefore, to gain on the reform question, and nothing to lose, by leaving the Ministerial podtion as it is, while this state of things would be entirely reversed by a crisis; and these facts will certainly make the situation vety sultry for tfae schemers if they should go'on with their plotting. It-will arouse such . a hostile ^'feeling in - the country that not one liberal, 1^10 joined n &e; jnovementv and wiid &dk; (Ape In the aew MiiUBtz;, would have ALLARAT COtfUIER, the ghost of a show of bong re-elected. Nothing but defeat wonld lie his lot; 1 " serve him' right" would be the general verdict. Apart, however, from the reform question, the country desires no change of Ministry. There are but two parties in the State who desire anything of this sort; and they are not worth considering in a matter of this nature. One are the Conservatives, and the other are professed liberals,. who want office, and don't care how much dirt they wade through to get it. The country,however, will not sympathise with either, and will certainly not second their .efforts. The country will not be played the fool with to serve the ends of a pestilent and impertinent little clique in Melbourne, or to feather the nests of a few greedy so-called Liberals, although they are not Liberals at heart at all, since instead of 'helping the Liberal party, they are always trying to bring it'into trouble and confusion. From all such pests, whether they are called Conservatives or Liberals, the community desires to be delivered; and it will not be used simply to administer to their rapacity or to father their unscrupulous ambition. Outside of these schemers no change of Government is desired; and when no change of Government is desired by the'majority of the people any attempt to bring about a change of the sort is simply an insult, an atrocity, and a scandaL There is only one thing which justifies Ministerial crisis, and that is that the people desire a change. The evidence is all against this desire now; and, therefore, if the plotters should go on with their raid, they will do an act that will be no less offensive than it will be eminently audacious. It will be doing that to which the country is decidedly opposed; and no excuse can justify such a miserable and impudent manoeuvre, or swindle. We don't apprehend any danger to the Ministry from what is designed, for we feel quite sure that a comparatively large majority of the House will set its face dead against the unscrupulous move now being arranged. But it is quite as well that thedisad vantages, both political and personal, which are associated with the plot, should he shown, in order that while the community may see how it is' likely tb be trifled with, the plotters may perceive what will befall them if they go on with the evil The whole affair is a mean, dirty intrigue—a mere greedy hankering after place and pay on the one side, and a desire to stop Liberal progress on the other. This is the sum and substance of the whole case; and we hope to see it stamped out most effectively and derisively the moment the motion aiming to realise these two ends, is tabled. Nothing less than this will do justice to the House; and nothing else will have the sympathy of the country. Tne end of tbe Grand International Exhibition of 1880 has at length arrived. The work of dismantling and demolition ia proceeding rapidly beneath the domed roof of the vast edifice in the Carlton Gardens. The last visitors from the country have taken their final look at the wonderful collection of objects of art and industry displayed in the numerous courts. The voluble auctioneers tare busy at work disposing of commodities intended to be sold, at no matter what " enormous sacrifice" by their owners. An army of workmen are engaged in^ repacking the articles that are to go' back to the countries they came from; and a regiment of earners are -conveying huge waggon-loads of miscellaneous wares to the destined place of exportation. It is a really melancholy spectacle which those erstwhile gay and brilliant aisles and galleries now present, suggesting many thoughts to the mind of an anengaged spectator. He feels as if he had just awakened from some delightful dream, or as if he were an actual witness of the disappearance of ALADDIN'S gorgeous palace in the beautiful Arabian fiction. The unrivalled bazaar, with its endless and bewildering variety of articles fitted to evoke admiration, charm the taste, and inform the mind, is rapidly becoming a wr6ck and a ruin. No more will the walls of those long galleries glow with tbe exquisite paintings drawn by the pencils of painters of many lands. No more will the eye range with nnuttered pleasure along lines of statuary which imitated life so finely that one might almost say the imitation was more life- like than the reality itself. No more will the spellbound viator roam "from court to court of this world in miniature with the-strange feeling that he was actually traversing the space between one country and another. ' He was in France, in England, in Austria, in Switzerland, in Holland, in the United States, in China or Japan, just as he pleased, and with only the exertion of walking a few yards. He had under his view at once the whole vast region of Australasia, and could scan almost at a glance the numberless natural products and varied industries of the* seven colonies. For any visitor who vent" with a clear mind and a resolute purpose of gaining some fresh knowledge, a day at the Exhibition was certainly equal to years of mere book-reading. The place was a school on an immense scale, where knowledge was imparted by means of objects instead of words, and where the models shown were in every respect very best that human ingenuity could devise, or human hands execute. _ Passing over all suggestion of competition between the "several nations that contributed of their best to make up the grand show, it must be allowed that the whole thing, taken' in the aggregate,' was a magnificent testimony to the capabilities of tfae human race, and the' civilising influences of art and industry. Hie idea left on the mind, after - a day spent in the building, wis that mankind had fairly reached the limits of possible achievement in -certain directions,'and no further advance could be expected though the wodd* should last for many thousands of years to come. Imagination itself seemed baffle! in the effort to conceive" of any further improvement. Bnt in the meantime the viable proofs of civilisation stood before the eyes, and the mind was so entirely satisfied with, what the eye beheld that there were no troublous lights excited as. to bow much further improvement might.be carried. Hie present sufficed—the future, might take care of itself. *' Sufficient unto the day is the good thereof," as well the. eviL It Is a common conaon amongst thosfe -who have been the most occupied in the -rim- «ant work of deecQlaxijj! and mjwrt- TUESDAY, MAY 3, 18 ing on- the Great Exhibition, that they will always lookback -uponit with a grateful recollection; so many delightful hours has it afforded them; so much mental profit and enlargement of ideas have they gained from it; so much has it served to elevate their taste, and to reuse their conceptions of the capacities and capabilities of their fellow-men. These lessons of a true and noble education must have been gathered, in gome degree, by the humblest visitor to the Exhibition. It was impossible to resist the silent influence of the wondrous display spread out before the gaze. It lifted" the observer for the time out of the circle of his own narrow personality and circumstances, and made him a genuine citizen of the world. " One touch of nature makes the whole world kin/' and it surely is not needful that the appeal to universal sympathy should be made through the medium of the feelings alone. Man is an intelligent being, as well as an emotional creature, and he is therefore capable of being deeply and powerfully moved through reason and intelligence. But, indeed, both regions of the complex nature of the human being were'moved many times in the course of a walk through those superb collections of all that was capable .of instructing whilst it charmed, and of charming whilst it instructed. There was no time—as, indeed, there was no occasion—for analysingthe impressions taken into the mind. It was enough that knowledge was drank in as from a clear-flowing fountain; and that wonder, admiration, delight, pleasure, were all called into active exercise at the same time. And this is self-education in its very best form. When both the mind and the feelings are stirred, and both at the same moment elevated and refined, the individual takes a step upward in the scale of being. The good effect is never wholly lost to him. His self-respect is strengthened; his self-estimate is raised; his self- reverence is confirmed. These three qualities combined make up true nobility of character in any man. It is realised culture, in its purest form, for both the intellect and the heart If, then, such were the lessons which the Great Exhibition now closed was .calculated to convey—if such were the effects, it certainly produced, in a greater or a less degree, on thousands of this population —it is quite within the limits of reason to assert that its value to this country has been of a kind and a quality which can never be estimated in silver and gold. Altogether it was a grand show, and it will effect an immensely valuable purpose. The election oi a member of tbe Legislative Council for the Western Province, in the room of Sir Samuel Wilson, resigned, took place yesterday, the candidates being Messrs. Alex. Wilson and Thos. Camming. Tbe retains to hand show Mr Camming to have a majority of only 29, with eight small returns to come, so the result of the election is still uncertain. We received the following telegram from the Hon. Major Smith yesterday afternoon: —"Jo«t arrived in Melbourne all right. My health is much improved." Major Smith's legion of friends will be right heartily glad to find his trip to New Zealand has been attended with a result so agreeable and beneficial. The sittings of the Commission of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church begin at St. Andrew's Kirk to-day at noon, and the business has been so arranged as that subjects of more general interest shall be taken up at the evening meetings, so as to afford the public an opportunity of being present. A public meeting will be held in St. John's, Peel street, to-morrow (Wednesday) evening, particulars of which will be found in onr advertising columns. We learn from onr Melbourne correspondent that Chief Justice Sir William Stawell was yesterday elected Chancellor of the University, in the place of Sir Redmond Barry, deceased. In another column will be fonnd particu- lars of a salting case which .has been discovered in Tasmania, by which the purchasers of a mine have been defrauded of £800. The culprits ars now under arrest. A Becond charge has been preferred against the delinquents of obtaining £150 by false pretences lor a share in an adjoining <jaim. An extraordinary proceeding on the part of a horse took puce in Bridge street on Monday afternoon, and caused some consternation for a short time. By some means the animal, which had apparently been used to daty in a chaff-catting machine, got out of its ring, and determined to have a holiday. After making a dash from Peel street down Market street at the rear of the Alfred Hall, the horse espied the back gate of Messrs Ox- Brow and Roberta wide open, and at once made a free entry. It then managed to find its way into the shop premises where the-proprietors were busily engaged fitting some customers with boots; the font-footed visitor, with his ears lying back, apparently thinking it a good joke that he should have got into a shoeing establishment. After taking a cursory glance at the stock, and finding that nothing wonld fit bis hoofs, he kicked out' behind and made a bolt through the front door into Bridge street. The -speed with which bedashed into the Btreet was, however, so great that before he could properly torn he bad pnt his head through the window of Eastwood's "Largest lolly-shop in the world," 8catteringthe confectionery in all directions. The suddenness of the whole affair caused tbe greatest astonishment to the number of persons-passing in Bridge street, the mystery being how a runaway horse could get into such a thronged thoronghfare through a back door. After bursting in the confectionery shop the horse slipped on the pavement, and was secured. An advertisement which appears elsewhere directs the .attention of those desirous of being present at the complimentary luncheon, to be given to-morrow in tfae Town Hall to the moderator and members of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church, to the fatit that tickets may be had from the kirk officer at St. Andrew's this afternoon and evening. At a special meeting of the Sebastopol Council, held last night, it was resolved to borrow £1200 by twelve debentures of £100, bearing interest at 6 per cent., for the purpose of paying off the outstanding portion of a previous loan. The loan is in«le payable in twelve^ years, and 3 per cent, of the principal is to be invested annually in a sinking fund for liqnidalion of the loon. A report of the meeting appears elsewhere. A little boy named Jones, whose parents reside at Redan, was treated at the Hospital yesterday foe injuries to his' right hand, caused by his getting the hand crashed, between Die cog- wheels of aome machinery. A special service, in connection with the sittings of the Commission of the Presbyterian Assembly, to be held at St. Andrew's Kirk this day, was 'conducted last night at tfae Kirk by the Rev. W. Henderson. There was a fair congelation, and a number of the members of the assembly were also present. At the City Police Court yesterday morning Messrs Lewis and Fitejtatrick, J. P., pre-, railed, qnd fined one individual in the usual amount for drunkenness. Margaret Hintz was brought before the bench on a similar charge. Her behavior in court was so eccentric that the magistrates cleemed it advisable to icmand her till to-day, in order that in the meantime she might undergo a medical examination. * The Town court eat an unusually long time yesterday, nearly the whole day being occupied in hearing two cases of assault and robbery, which were not concluded before, halfput fine o'clock. Mayor Robertson occupied the bench, fte first case was one in which three bid chaiaot&s; named James Morton, Janus Miller, and £31ea Parcel] were charged witfe having assaulted and robbed a young mas, aimed Thorns* Walker, of JC28 10s, and twenty-five ecrip in th$JGre»t Victorian Company, at Bollarat East, on the 25th ultimo. The same two male JimouBKs, to* 81. gether with a third, named David Maxwell, were afterwards' charged with having assaulted and robbed one Henry Rose of a silver watch and chain, together with a Maltese cross and other articles, in all valued at £6, early on the morning of the 17 th inntant. In both cases the prisoners were committed for trial Reports of the proceedings will be fonnd elsewhere. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Butchers' Employes' Association, was held last evening in the Societies' Hall, Grenville" street. ' There was a large attendant® of members, and the general routine business was quickly disposed of. The secretary reported having waited on the master butchers in order to obtain six o'clock closing, but he had fonnd it impossible to procure this inestimable boon. The chairman, Mr Hall, then presented a handsome gold locket to Mr_ E- D. Williams, in recognition of his services as secretary for the 'past year ; and a beautifully engraved gold medal to Mr W. Brown, the winner of the 150 yards handicap at the late picnic. Both gentlemen suitably returned thanks, and with a vote of thanks to the chair the meeting closed. Some misapprehension having arisen with regard to the report of the auditors of the New Rob Roy Company, we are requested to state that, in their report, the auditors meant to infer that the company owed the secretary (Mr Cowx) the sum of SS. 10s 4d. Portion of the report reads as follows, and it will be seen tLat two meanings might be placed upon it:—" We have examined yo4r cash-book, and find that your secretary is £3 10s 4d short, if all accounts are paid,"&c.; The ambiguity of tbe report was perfectly unintentional, and what was meant was, as we have already stated, that this sum was owing to Mr Cowx by the company. In justice to all parties, we hasten to make the explanation. The art of utilising the columns of newspapers is one which, of late years especially, has arrived at a very high state of culture; and it would seem (says the Bendigo Advertiser) that this art is becoming recognised, and the time may not be far distant when it will have its professional exponents. This conclusion is helped through a perusal of the various patents recently applied for, and which are notified in the Government Gazette of Friday last. Amongst them appears the following:—" No. 2979. Edward Sandford, of Rothsay villa, Alma street east, St. Kilda, in the colony of Victoria,.gentleman, for ' A new method of utilising the columns of newspapers for advertising and other pur- poses.' 16th March, 1881." In another column will be fonnd a list of the entries for the events of the United Fire Brigades Demonstration. It will be seen that the superior prizes offered have drawn better competition, and there are more numerous entries,, than for any previous occasion of these annnal competitions. For the hose practice there are forty-two entries; for the ladder and hose, thirty-five; hose practice for six men, forty-two; ladder practice, forty-three; special hose practice, thirtyfour; representative race, forty-seven; engine practice, twenty-four; members' race, thirtytive;bo3epractice for three men, forty-five. All the brigades entered have not yet forwarded to the secretary, Mr W. Laidlaw, to whose courtesy we are indebted for the foregoing, tbe number of men and appliances they will want conveyed here, and those who have not are requested to do so at once, as the secretary for the demonstration desires to make immediate application to the Minister of Railways for the railway passes required. The auniversaiy of the Pleasant Street Wesleyan Church was celebrated last night by a tea and public meeting, the former being held in the schoolroom, and at which about 150 sat down. The catering ^as carried out successfully by Mesdaines Gilbert and Thomas. The following ladies presided at the tables, viz., Mesdames Thomas, Gilbert, Trounce, and James, and Misses Curry, Qnine, Treaglowan, Spiere, Clemens, James, Gilbert, ana Kent. At the meeting afterwards held in the church, there was a large attendance; Mr James Ware occupying the chair. Addresses were delivered by the Revs. Cope and T. Adamson, and several other gentlemen, including Mr H. Bel1, M.L.A. Tbe secretary, Mr Butterworth, read the annual report, which showed that the church was situated in a very good financial position. Selections of sacred music were well rendered by the choir, tinder the direction of Mrs Girnell, who presided at the organ. The usual votes of thanks then terminated the proceedings. We have heard of some splendid angling sport at Newlyn reservoir during the last few days of the fishing season. A party of three Ballarat gentlemen visited the reservoir in question, and also had a few hours at Birch's Creek, and their total baskets weighed 153 lb. Most of the fish were over 1 lb, and several turned the scale at 3 lb. The Minister of Education invites tenders tonlay for a number of works at schools in thia and surrounding districts. Particulars will be found in our advertising columns. Hie ordinary'meeting of the Loyal Ballarat Lodge, M. (J., will be held at the British Queen hotel to-morrow (Wednesday) evening, at eight o'clock, to receive reports of the dispensary and bye-laws committee, and of the committee on second medical officer; also to consider motion for holding a summoned meeting on the 18th instant, and to confirm sundry reports. Our advertising colnmna this morning announce that Mr John Victor will give two grand concerts on the 12th and 13th instant at the Academy of Music, on which occasions he will be assisted by several well known favorite artistes, whose names will shortly be announced. Tickets will be issued and the box plan opened at once at Satton's music "warehouse. Large audiences are expected, as patronage is promised from every quarter, Mr Victor's large circle of acquaintances being anxious to hear him after his visit to Milan, where the press speak in the highest terms of his voice and style of singing. Mr W. J. Gates is appointed- agent for the ooncerts. We are requested to state that the tickets for the Philharmonic Society's soiree will be distributed to members this evening at the annual general meeting. All members are specially requested to attend. Mr Harris sold by auction yesterday a house and ground, the property of Mr Lewcock, in Humf&ay; street, to Mr Jonas for £90. A telegram from Seymour in last n'ght's Herald Bays:—-'The supposed attempt at robbery at the Bank of Victoria is now looked upon as a mere burlesque. Tbe hoax has created a vast amount of amusement." The detached squadron, under the command of Rear-Admiral tfae Earl of Clanwilliain, left Cape Town (says the Argue) on tbe 10th of April, and is expected to reach Melbourne on 10th May. The Bquadron will remain in Hobson's Ray three weeks, and then proceed to Sydney. The Princes Victor Albert and George of Wales are serving as midshipmen on board the Bacchante, and H.S.H. Prince Louis of Batten berg is a lieateaant in the Inconstant, the admiral's flagship. The Chief Secretary on Saturday (says the Afle) received a verbal report from the Acting Chief Commissioner of Police .{Mr Chomley), who has returned from the harried visit of inspection which he was directed to make to Beaalla, with & view of ascertaining the reliability of rumors freely circulated within the pad; few days of another threatened out- in the Kelly country. It appears that these reports are in the 'main exaggerated, and that no cause (or alarm exists; bnt Mr Chomley at the same time ia of opinion that precautionary .measures are necessary. . It is well known that the district is infested with a class of people who, without shame, profess a strong sympathy with criminal acts. Much difficulty, however, is experienced by the local 1 police authorities in obtaining information, as many civSiansexhibit great reluctance to make any disclosures likely to implicate acquaintance* This unwillingness to be communicative is set down to the indiscreet disclosures recently made at the Police Board, of the names of persons from~whom the police obtained secret information respecting the movements of the late Kelly gang. Mr Berry has resolved that energetic measures shall be adopted to pat down, with a firm hand any attempt at lawlessness. No effort is'to be spared in placing the police force upon such a footing as will enable it effectually to cone with any emergency. The entire district wiU be organised witBjnt delay, and a' picked body of men, possessing special qualifications for the particular kind of service they might be called npon to perform stationed in it. Both mounted aud foot constables will be required to perfect themselves ixt revolver and rifle , Jthem with men reputed in the force for thmrekin in haaemaitshin and acquaintance with bosh life; UheCSnrf Secretary wiDbaveaiurther consultation oa the nub- iect with the Acting Commissioner of Police before finally deciding upon the details of action to be taVi*si. Some further Census details (says the JJcrfdd), just issued by tiie Government jet, show a marked decrease in the boroughs of Belfast, of 72S; Castlemaine, 472; Clones, 294; Creswick, 52G; Portland, 67\. The only two boroughs showing an increase are—Maryborough, 785; and Warrnambool, 103S. Mr Hayter expects to be able to publish the whole returns of the Census in a few days. The Minister of Mines (says the Age) has been urging the officers of his department to display all possible despatch in preparing llans and specifications, which mast be ready jefore tenders can be invited fer the five additional diamond drills which the Government has decided to have manufactured in tbe colony. The plans are now ready, and tenders will be called .for without further delay. To those interested iu mining the procuring of these additional drills is a matter of the utmost importance, as it has been proved that they are tile means of saving much valnable time, and also money, in conducting prospecting operations. A mad freak (says the Argus) was perpetrated on Thursday last by a middle-aged man named John Ortligies, a German, residing np the Gippsland line, about half a mile from the Dandenong station. Orthgies was a passenger from Berwick by the midday train,'and to save'"himself the walk back from the station to his residence, he jumped out of tbe carriage window while the train was travelling at the rate of about ten miles an hour. The man had a wonderful escape, having only sustained a few cuts about the face and bruises. He is otherwise unharmed. He will be prosecuted. Early on Sunday morning a fire broke out at the North Williamstown railway station, which resulted in the partial destruction of the down siding, including a lamp and storeroom. When the fire (says the Age.) was first observed, flames were issuing from tbe flooring of the platform, which communicated with the other portions of the building and quickly destroyed the whole structure. The stationmaster (Mr Juckes), assisted by bis family, and a porter named Smith, directed bis efforts to save the opposite Biding, which bad taken fire in several places, by means of buckets of Water, there being no hose available. This was a matter of great difficulty, owing to the intensity of the heat. The WilUainstown fire brigade arrived shortly after, and prevented further injury. In ad- dition to toe total destruction of the down siding, a few lamps and other stores have been burned, some passengers' luggage being fortunately saved. The opposite platform is little damaged, although, had there been a strong wind blowing at the time, it conld not have been saved from destruction. A portion of the siding remains, which is sufficient to allow of the traffic being conducted without any material inconvenience to the public, and a temporary outlet has been constructed. The origin of the fire is not known, although there seems to benodoubtthatitfirsteaught beneath the platform. No clue (says a Seymour telegram in the Argus) has yet been obtained as to the perpetrators of the attempted hank robbery; the vouchers reported by the manager as missing have since been fonnd, so that nothing was taken.. The police have used every endeavor to solve the mystery, but without success. The Exhibition (says the Age) closed on Saturday, and tbe occasion was surrounded with much interest. There was a large attendance, upwards of 13,000, and iu addition to the ordinaiy proceedings a ceremony of importance took place in the offices in the afternoon, when Mr Levey, the secretary of the commission, was presented with a gold watch aud chain and address by the other officers. The aggregate number of admissions dnring the 18*2 days upon which the Exhibition was open was 1,309,449, including 833,963 adults, 115,048 children, 16,061 reason, and 344,377 miscellaneous. Contrasted with the total attendance at the Sydney Exhibition for 1S5 days, 1,117,616, there is a balance of 191,833. So far as is known, the net cost of the Melbourne undertaking will be £236,000, whilst the Sydney Exhibition required an outlay upon the part of Parliament of £287,242. A valuable present (says the Bendigo Independent) has been made to Mr F. R. Leach, the well known first assistant at the Gravel Hill State school. At the exhibition examination in December last, one of his pupils, Miss Annie Rohs, gained one of tbe eight places. In acknowledgment of her teacher's assistance, she has presented him with on emu egg, nicely mounted in silver and placed on a blackwood stand. The shell bears in relief a pictoral representation of Port Phillip Heads, a vessel being shown just entering the channel, whilst inside a tug-boat is steaming towards her. On a silver plate is the-inscription—"Presented to Mr I?. R. Leach by Annie Rohs, his pupil, who passed at the examination for exhibitions, 1880." It will be pleasant for instructors of youth to reflect that in some few cases their labors elicit the gratitude of the instructed. Mr Archibald Forbes, the famous special correspondent of the Daily News, will not (says tine Argus) be a passenger by the San Francisco mail steamer, now due. A later communication has been received from Mr Forbes, stating that in consequence of the very large number of applications which lia<l been made to him to lecture, he had decided to postpone for a month his departure for Australia. The Argus leai- pfl that the Castiemaine Woollen Company's entire stock of flannels, amounting in value to £6000, has been disposed of to Messrs- Banks asd Co., Melbourne. A miner named Peter Moble, a Frenchman, has committed suicide (says tbe Age), by banging himself iu his hut at Mosquito flat, near Maryborough. A neighbor, named Jnngenson, having noticed, that deceased did not make his appearance, went into his hut on Saturday afternoon, and found the body suspended from the roof. He at once gave information to tlie police. A dairy man named Jarvis and his wife have been murdered (says an Ar§vs telegram) near Maryborough, Queensland. Jarvis was returning home on Friday night in a springcart, when the assassin, who was waiting at the gate, jumped up and tomahawked Jarvis, ttering his Bkult He then followed Mrs Jarvis, who ran.' A straggle ensued, and" finally the woman was killed, her head being nearly cot off. Tracks of naked feet" have been discovered, bat there is no other cine. The object of the crime can only be conjectured. There was no robbery, nor was any attempt made to outrage the woman. The Crcstridt Advertiser understands that is all probability a mining exchange will shortly be held at the American Hotel on Saturday evenings, several gentlemen largely interested in mining at Ballarat having signified to Mr J. Riordan that if an institution of this sort was started in Creswick it should receive their hearty, support. The idea has been favorably entertained by several mining men of Creswick. - The Ballarat East Lodge of Good Templars meets to-night, for the purpose of initiating members, installing their officers, and receiving the grand worthy counsellor, who will visit the lodge officially. „ 