SPIRITUALISM. TO THE EDITOR OF THE COQIUSK. SIK,—Mr Morrio speaks <»F spiritualism as a theoiy. I think I have cleaify shown that it is not a theory merely, but a positive fact; and I will try, in the course of this letter, to produce farther evidence to strength en the position taken by spiritualists.' He assumes it to be a had canse, and says it is impossible to be a Christian and a "epiritisf," the two being "diametrically opposed." Letns enquire whether Mr Moms is not Otis taken in this, as in many other points in his communication. _ He evidently uses tiie ."word "spiritist" in a sort of opprobrious sense. I do not object to being called {even insultingly) a " spiritist." I am satisfied with the i«rm; but I have myself throughout this discussion UBed nsed the Word "«pirifeialif!t." Why cannot Mr Morris be gcactous enoughto publish iy -tiie sante^iepresenfotife el- press}on? Some, when they have no proper; arguments, are prone to ricknanies. A' Spiritist is one versed in the science of spirits. A geologist is one thatis veisedinthcscienceof geology. A geologist may be Chiistian, Jew, or Buddhist. So, also, may a spiritualist be. either. Perhaps Mr Morris thinks the word "spiritualist'' too good to be appropriated by one who holds levies with him who walks about—possibly on two sticks—seeking whom he may devour. Aspiritualistisoncwhoadopts both tiie science and religion of everything pertaining to the spiritual nature of man, and holds a belief in a continual existence. In a higher sense, the spiritualist receives the good and rejects the bad, and is incited to the loftiest aspirations; and is freed from the authority of book and creed, and rejoices in truth and reason. Mr Morris accuses "Astral" of quoting "from a book he denounces as, at best, nothing but a collection of old worn-out Jewish fables." It is astonishing what Mr Morris (and others too} has discovered in some invisible comers of my letters, which your brevier or nonpariel types never yet cast even the slightest ghost of a shadow. Your corrcspondeutcontinucs, "if 'Astral' appeals to the Bible, let him acknowledge its authority, and abide by its teachings." Surely Mr Morris' liberality must be very narrowminded indeed if he-wishes to prohibit-me from quoting from so public and universal a book as the Bible. Let him have no fear if he loves truth. Truth will bear any amount of honest criticism, and will ultimately prevail. L for one, acknowledge all the truths of the Bible. But a difficulty arises in knowing what its teachings are, especially when we look to its interpreters in the two or three hundred denominations, some of whose beliefs are as wide asunder as the poles. The man who believes the world is flat, and has its four comers, -quotes from tiie Bible to prove his' position. The slaveholder claims -the authority from the same book, that slavery is a divine institution. The Mormon, in imitation of the "man after God's own heart," also justifies himself'in enfolding a plurality of wives. Mr Morris quotes abundantly, and thinks that all believers (but those of his own creed) have builtiheirfaiths " upon asandy foundation." 'Why not spiritualists quote, to prove their position, that man—the real man, the spirit, not the body of earth—-lives on in a future life* Mr Morris condems spiritism (which, most likely, he knows comparatively nothing about), witchcraft (bow much does he know of witchcraft?) purgatory, mariolatry, saint worship, universalism (the doctrine that all will be saved), and eternal torments—the great majority of the orthodox profess to believe in the eternity where " sinners must, with .devils, dwell, in darkness, lire, and chains.". Mr Morris teaches that there is no hell in'the orthodox sense, but that when man (except a select few) "dies," he Bill utterly perish — destruction or annihilation has taken place,.for in the very day t&a;± he dies " his thoughts perish." The few, comparatively, that will ultimately be saved "sleep" for an indefinite period—until the resurrection. In arguing from both Old and New Testaments alone, I Creely confess that I believe Mr Morris has the best of it. The passages are veiy numerous referring to the great bulk of mankind becoming "as though they had never been"—the wicked feeing "utterly destroyed," "perished," &c..; and the righteous "sleeping," and so on. There is another class of passages which .speak as though life ceased with all humanity at the close of tiie present. On the other hand there are numerous passages—some of which I have quoted in former letters-^from which may be inferred a continued existence. X cannot now occupy your space by reproducing or adding to them—they have been onmerous, though Mr Morris calls -for more, and intimates that 1 have given none. Now comes tbe rub: Which of the two classes of Scripture passages is reliable ? Both cannot be true. Man, as Mr Morris puts it, cannot be both alive aud dead at the same time. One might as well call white black, and black white, or black-both white and black, and white both black and white. It is quite evident to me that the Bible teaches both sides of the question, as is obvious by the large class of Christians dividing themselves partly in favor of one idea, and partly iu favor of its opposite. Even Mr Morris states that the Bible "does not vouch for the truth of all its records." I have, therefore, favored at various times whichever side seemed to me to be the most probable, believing that I had the liberty of choice. Being in this dilemma, other aids have come to me—certain facts have developed themselves. I cannot, like your correspondent, quite believe in two things at the same time of the most opposite characters. I quote from his letter—" The evidences of spiritualistic communications are so numerous, obtained under such a variety of circumstances, and testified to by so many thousands of witnesses, whose intelligence and truthfulness are unimpeachable, and whose word would be taken without hesitancy «n any other subject, that to denounce spiritualism as nothing but humbug and imposition, seems to me to be shutting our eyes to all testimony." He does not quite know how to deal with Mr Morris, who in one breath admits the evidence of the facts of spiritualism, and then in another breath denies its possibility, because be finds certain texts "which makes one class (unbelievers) utterly perish; and the other class (believers) unconscious till the resurrection. In this see-saw way he makes some extraordinary statements. Here is one—"Now the mere fact of seeking to hold communion with the dead is making God a liar, and accepting Satan's lie, ' Ye shall not surely die.' He then thinks «-Astral" "fools himself," forgetting what Jesus sayB, that those who make use of such words are "in danger of hell fire." I am accused of dishonesty in my way of putting scripture—an accusation to which I do not plead guilty. He then wishes me to show that the many interchangeable terms, refer- j ring to angels, spirits, &c.;, are "not more the fault of our translation than of the original documents." I am soriy to inform Mr Morris that there are no original documents of any books of the Bible in existence ; and I have not quoted without looking into lexicons, and Hebrew, and Chaldee, and Greek concordances. I may further say that the terms gods, lords, angels demons, and spirits, were employed interchangeably by the Egyptian, Phoenician. Persian, and Grecian writers. Mr Morris speaks a good deal about the " Witch of Endor." I have already pointed out that this Bible character is nowhere called a witch in the text, but the " woman of Endor;" and I have shown the excellent character for goodness that she bore from Joaephus. I eannot take np your, apace by interviewing the " opinions" of Mr Morris, in direct contradiction to the narrative, which speaks for itself. In-spite of her goodness and truthfulness, Mr Morris calls her a "designing woman." He says she knew Saul by his height, forgetting that there were living in the same period men as tall and much taller than he was. Mr Morris says, " Spiritists are fond of chronicling their prophecies after the event, and therefore not very trustworthy." I, for one,, am not aware that this is a {act; and if it were; ' I could retart, if I chose, with ten-fold interest on other cherished written - revelations, acknowledged by some who are not spiritualists. I have hastily reviewed Mr Morris thus far, and now he requires "Astral" "to prove^-and which he has not vet done—that these spirits were spirits of tiie dead." In this also, I must be brief. I could show volume after volume of evidences of spiritual communications, which I have obtained personally, and been witness to myself; but I opine no fact or number of facts of mine would be of (my avail with Mr Morris against an obscure passage of a record of doubtful philosophy; therefore, I will brmg together evidences from men whose .writings are universally respected, trusting thus to scatter seeds of truth. John Wesley said that tiie Bible snd witchcraft must stand or fall together. In lus journal, 25th May, 1768, he sayB, "that the giving up of witchcraft, is in effect giving up the Bible; and they know, on tiie other band, that if butone accoantof tiie intercourse of men -with separate spirits be admitted, their whole castle in the air (atheism, &c.;) faUs to the ground." Dr Adam Clarke, whose authority* as a Bible commentator is inferior to none, saya—" I believe there is a spiritual world, in which human spirits live and have intercourse with this world, and become visible to mortals." In another place he writes—"I believe that any of these spinte may, according to the order of God in the laws of their place of residence, have in-' tereourae with the world and become visible to mortals." The learned church anthoritv Calmet, In the books of Closes the name of God is often given to anjjds." Melancthon fully acknowledges Hie ilolity of spiritual utterances, and mentions » "Case occurring In his own familv. He i ^ t t a ^ t h j a ^ apiKared V h„ fcusbandafter death. Riehard Baiber says, Having not only the cectoi^ -sf Ood's word, but man's daily experience, for their (spirits) existence," Again, "God permits them, and they exercise their power on our bodies." Dr Isaac Watts writes " The multitude of narratives which we have heard of, in all ages, of the apparitions of the spirit of persons departed from this life can hardly be all delusion and~fa]sehood." There has been a society in Cambridge called the "Ghost Club," which consisted of eminent persons of the University; a single member stated that he had collected together two thousand cases of apparitions. Kant says of ghosts, "Believed by nature, disbelieved by education, and yet true notwithstanding." According to Dr Johnson, "there is no people, rude or learned, among whom apparitions of the dead are not related and believed. . . . Some, who deny it with their tongues, confess it with their fears." Robert Chambers writes:—"I have studied the question of spiritualism wherever I have gone in America, and the result is most satisfactory. . . . It has given new evidence, new life, a new leaven to Christianity there." The influence which modem spiritualism has on current literature is beyond calculation. Not long ago I observed a quotation in the Lancet > from Lizzie Hoten, which it adopted as its own. Recently, someone (I think th$ Rev. Joseph Cook) said that all the British poets are spiritualists. Mrs Browning and Tennyson are, I believe, known to be adherents to spiritualism. I could quote from Milton, who sings of the millions of spiritual beings that walk the air both when we wake and when we sleep; of Longfellow's "Haunted Houses," where " We meet them (spirits) at the doorway, on the stair, alongtlie passages," &c.; of Dante, and of Tasso, the great poet, who conversed with spirits and saw them. He says, " that to see spirits the human eye must be purified, or the spirits must array themselves in matter." Of Cowper, and Wordsworth, and Mrs Hemans, and a hundred others. Sir John Herschellsays—*' Occurrences which, accord ing to received opinions, ought not to happen, are the facts which serve as clues to new discoveries." Spiritualism aims at discovering and revealing the spiritual world and its immediate connection with, and influence oil, the present life. Spiritualists hold up Jesus as .the pattern to follow, and whose actions are to be imitated. If Jesus abrogated any law of Moses, it must certainly have beeu that "which forbade communion with the spirits of the dead. We read that Moses died and was buried. Jesus and Moses held communion on tbe Mount of Transfiguration, and the law was then broken in the very face of MOses. This is remarkable; and he introduces his disciples to one who had sojourned on earth, and had been iu spirit-world linudreds of years. A single positive fact of spirit manifestation must be of more value thon a thousand verses to the contrary. If spiritualism is a fact, and supposing Mr Morris or the Bible say it is not, so much the worse for Mr Morris and the Bible. As l am now writing, I know that I am not alone—that many spirits are near and watching me; and each of the thousands of your readers who peruse this letter -will read in the sight (and hearing too it may be) of spirits, inhabitants of other spheres.— Yours, Ac., • ASTBAL. 