TIPS FOR CAULFIELD. (By oub Special Coniuaposm,, IR-Tho oxcollont bill of faro nrovi,ln,i i . Victorian Amatour Turf Chdi ,1 ? cidodnt Cnulfiold on Thursday and sJ ?e next, is fraught with a good doal of amongst sporting mon. In ntfrimJ- rwt furnish ray renders with tho probnli n and in looking ovor tho progS? I ho sport commoncos on tho first d,. Soiling Knco, for which my selection « i Bhuno. Tiio Hurdlo Itaco foll"1 eighteen nominations, nnd thoro En . 1 1 a Fair Hold to faco Mr Watson. Tim 7 tho Hunt Club Hurdlo Race 1m hZaa! much of Into, and is only put un a . , 1 f"vci1 pounds for Ins Into win, whicfi „«' ' ot plished in such easy stylo. Don 1W ..i®"11- a fair second, moots tho winner un an, TP terms, but ho looked like nn lm,XS#Jg» I and may give a bettor nccmil.t of bin Sfi B joumoy. Tho balance of tho Held in n . 9 Club Hurdles appear to be mora at liouu „ H a Bhortor oourso, lmd not boiug mrare !? M time of writing whether too Baliant ill,).- 9 will visit Cauliiokl. I 4„,rtdWwi|9 Albyn, Durringhilo, Black Prince JT 9 Pedro to prodnqo tiio winner, hut shall pi, „ 9 for Durringhilo if ho runs. Then comes Un 9 tho most interesting races of the meeting, t£ 1 I-oal Stakes of haEa-imlo, and <u ,, ,1 Prince Cciirgo or Tangle are ninongst th 1 number,, it will no doubt oxcito soniS 9 speculation. .Sntanolla being the only ono thst I han obtained a wmmiig bracket, and as seven, 9 of thorn havo boon backed for largo s, una to I will tiio Mnribymong l'late, it should give a 1 shghtkoy for our great two-year-old race to bo decided at Flomiiigton. Out ol the twenty nine ' loft in, I anticipate we syj havo Hoinothing liko a scoro ol mimcra, and 9 shall select Fhyinq Pax or Cuemk dk Borzr to 9 furnish tho winner ; but I have a lot of renw-t fl for Saionura who I should think would be I sorved by a longor distance. Getcwayo U 1 1 vory grand animal but scarcely forward enotub 9 in'.condition, and has been scratched. jJe 9 Cnulfiold Guineas will bo the next race for 9 decision, for which fourteen havo answered H tho summons; and as tlio winners of the A.J.C. H Derby and thoS.A.J.G Derby are amcnirt 9! tlio number, it will be usoful in giving a line to I 'somo of tho stables, who havo nursed enmel I in tho V.R.G.' Derby; nnd osRoyal Maid anl H Koh-i-noor are both good penuraen, aad'H Santa Glaus is said to havo run a very satis- H factory trial, it should produce a moat inter- H oeting contest. I prefer Whkatear, RdH Corinthian Raco follows, and ns Pirate hu H beon supported by his stable, for tlio Caulfieid B Clip, I should Bolcct Cynic, if Mr Inglis sendi B 'him. -Tho day's sjwrt concludes with the B 'Joorak Handicap, with forty-two nomination!! M and as tho distance is within thecomas! of »B many engaged, and sovoral of them aro nicely B handicapped, it is a very dillicnlt task, to select B a nrobabio winner. Napper Tandy has teeafl raised 71bs for his winovcrtho sarnddistaQcatlnH other day, and which ho accomplished easily, H Tlio Ghost and Cantata, who were second uiBj third, nro also put upiv couploof poundij&tiH; Josephine, who got fourth, in in tho receipt ciH Gib, so thatsho meets Napper on i3lb,«iidThH Ghost and Cantata on 61b better texH respectively. Ween, who jierforraed Flat Raco on tho Hunt Club day, roceirei for his defeat: but on talcing a line through fuB 1 Caulfieid pertormnnco in August, vilth 71 b. and carrying 1st 111b overwent, afl goodtliird to Bar Ono with Gst 8\b, and SeiB King with 7st, over a milo and a fur- B loug of groiiud, ho looks bleat!/ B (rcatcd with Gst |121b; nnd ihwld B lio bo in the same humour as when ne tia it eon of King Colo and Proposition, who ii h four year old, nnd bred well enough to vis any tiling in tho land. Doubtless tiiere willbes largo field at tho poBt. Mr. Bond has bea continually imprfiving tlio surrounding! since his accession to offico, and visitors will find tho appurtenances at Caulfieid almost qual to thoso at Randwick or Flemington. Tho heath has been removed from tho couwo in tin Steoplo chnso running, and the tops of tin Iiostfl havo being ruuudod. Tho handicap for Saturday's racing will not bo issued until 11 a.m. on Friday, when I will endeavour to select tho winners. 