It was not to be supposed that the action of the Farmers' Association in selecting six of the candidates and constituting a Fanners' Ticket would escape adverse criticism, or tiutt tin; liqccieo cam; Mates and their friends would fail to resent then- exclusion. There can be little doubt if the farmers really unitedly support the Ticket, and exert their influence as well, but that their men will be returned, since at the last election for the Council twice as many votes were recorded at count rv polling places as in the cilv. But the organisation i.s young in electioneering tactics, and many colts will kick over the traces before perfection in party discipline can be attained. It is a little singular that Mr. Buik should be the first to ery out, since lie must have sadly misread the signs of the times if lie thought, for one moment that the farmers would support a Protectionist. It is the worse for him that it is not the Gladstone Branch, as he erroneously supposed, but the Central Committee who have left his name out of the Farmers' 'lid-cot. We believe that he and other candidates have just cause for complaint that sufficient time was not afforded for their replies to the Test, Questions to roach the Central Committee before that body came to its decision. It appears that the duty of .supplying the candidates with a copy of the questions was delegated by Mr. Yenning to another gentleman. Jf some of the candidates got the questions in time, all might have had tliein. Where the blame lies we do not know. It is well, however, that th" minds of candidates should be disabused of the idea that if all the farmers' questions were answered allirmativelv their support would be secured. There are other questions nf paramount import ance. such as Taxation, Protection, and Reform of the Council, which the Associa tion were bound to consider. Mr. Grainger had strong claims from the fact that lie paid the country districts the compliment, of visiting them, hut his i strong anti immigration sentiments, as well as his Protectionist craze, necessarily placed him in the same boat with Mr. Buik. Mr. Everard. besides being un known to the farming rouimuiii'y. is not a popular favourite, but tr. and on its ; merits, lii.s address wmihi :ivfl him »<> i place :«s wi ll as S'Un" nf I'm rho.M-ll one.-. ! It i.s a distill vail! age tu him rhnr I'i" is not only a candidate, but tin old member. I .Mr. Fisher says that his oifence as an ; j nliseiit.ee agent is a very small one, and I that he i; wi'ding to agree to 1 1 i V ! property tax whieli would reach aba-ntees. : i But. in his address lie gm-s distinctly ! again.-;, making property hear its fair j share nf the burdens which a#e now j i laid upon ot.u r shoulders. And as | ; lie broadly affirms that he i.s " opposed j ! to tie- proposed to make the Upper . 1 Iluu-.e more a'ee;rihe tn public Opill- i inn. le- enun,, i,e v ; rp'"i -e. ! at being' ! left out. >ii the n'her hand. Sir Henrv j Avers may thank h.s 1 : - 1 ingui shed ability | land bi-ig .-.ei-vie- to , nt»-y. as well . as the, :,ii.i\itv with whi- ii in: lias met M. I farmers in personal iti'.- i cou.ise for his . j po-it-hei on the Ti'-ket. He may be ! ; counted as against Council Reform and 1 | fair taxation, and is a, conspicuous ' \- absent agent. T o other knight. Sir . i William Milne, may he reckoned as ; i verv incarnation nf opposition to Council i i Reform, without those redeeming features j which have availed Sir Henry- Avers. The ' I reasons f>r Mr. Hay's name appearing on ! i the Ticket are not very apparent. His | address is a thinly-veiled Protectionist manif".-'.o. with stimulated zeal for bona fid" j pastoral settlement, really intended to stave oft fair taxation from rich men like lunisel;. A desire for new blood combined with ' regard for social institutions dear to j farmers aeenunts for the names of R oikiue, j Pickering, and rj pence upon tic: Ticket ; and M>\ T.-.i-'non owes s m- tini.g to Gic same consideration-, as weii as the belief in the sincerity of his desire for Council Beform. Tt may be s i J that when there were so many cnnilic ing consideration5: ' ! the. Association would !::- d me wisely | to nominate a pariial Tic -ml. mdy ; but : I then some of the nmiv . i -j iOua.ee: ran- ; | didat-s might have siipned in to f. ti ' I detriment of the favouritics. M any rate | ' t!n-v have nominated the full number of i | six. ami if remains to be seen whether i | the organizai ion is strong enough and! ; eompG-e enough to secure the triumphant ! ; return oftm- I'lrmers' Ticket. i ! j Wr. arc glad that amid the strife of rival 1 Candida.---, ami the din of election con- ! j tests, a vote.- lias been raised in favor of a 1 vital question, vir... i.h.e introduction of 1 population. The .scarcity of population in ' ti;i- gi'c.e cou-. ' is the tr m reason of d--.li tim--s. .1' irming cannot be made to . | pay, ami '. low industries cannot be : star - d ouiii v.v have more people in tin: ; j the country. J- is very much to be j i regretted that Gnvernrn-'mi. yielding to the i ! clamou" of a mesv section, put a total | I stop to Free immigration, and what is I j r e. discharged .Mr. li-'tuy Taylor from j I his useful task of «lis;--emiiia!ing informa- j I lion in England, and promoting the imini- i grat ion «>f fai'-'.-iviug p-t------ ng;-rs bv our j ! land-order sy-t--m. !t cannot he main- 1 j lain.-.! that this was a p of wise j j economy. It was the nix- diit-- ivieetion of i thousands of pounds in th" hands of sta til ' capitalists who would have brought, if j I here for investment. No outlay was more j 1 directly and immediately remunerative. ; wilh the prospect of a continued and j accumulative benefit. Every man who i comes here 1 rings more or l-'ss of his ; relatives and acquaintances in hi- t o-.. We have never believed the vulgar rep. | industriously spread of the unsuitable j c!i ovi -ter of i lie ft-.--.- immigrants. Unsui'- ! able people there were, im doubt ; but not . j in a larger proportion than in the popula- | ' tien they found here when they came. | There is room for free and assisted immi- j gration to go on side by side ; and for ihe ; increase of full-paving passengers as veil, j Til : facts brought forward tit the him | meeting of the Central Committee of the j Farmers' Association, sufficiently ostab- i ; fishe-l thi ;. We are gia l that the Coin- ' j mitp-e tome stens to lend th- ir valuable ' support to Mr. Henry Taylor's scheme. | After an -iltnost unexampled expenditure ; of time am! patience the Eng'i-ii Govern- ; mens have g it through Parliament Ms-Mr ' measures f<.r restoring rd.-r and upe-ml- 1 I ing law in fr, -land, mid h ive n v red-— ui-d j | their pnaai-e. of introdm-iu r a Co I to i J sottlo the l.iud Q-ie-ti-jn. Tnis -iM'-cire ! i.s ccrLainly a h-'rofi- >', and gm the j whole length it is possible to go with the leaguers, short of remitting the rents iiuw | due. and di-posse-ning the landlords alto- j ! gather. R-mt- are t i be ;iv- i by c.-'iris. ! i and tenants are to be -c -.red in itiJisput- ! ! aide posaes ;'c in f--r fifv >n A'! 1 | questions concerning tint land wd; com.- j within t!i" cognizance of the courts ; but , I landlords oi- tenants have tin; option of j j settling tin-ir diiiei- -euces without the inter- j j vention of the o-uirts. hi a.ldition to | ! this a Commission will be created em- j ! power, -d to tn ike grants-in-aid of emigra- : : tior., a. id to assist tenants to pun-ha-- . tluar holdings where landlords are willing to s'-ll. A measure so drastic in i - ! pro-.n .i-ins. and so intrary to the old j sup'v.-: it io-is as to tie- saeredness of land j | compared with oth--r property, will no i : douiit ln> met witii the most uncompro- I i ntisisig opposition in certain quarters. : ; The whig aristocracy will prohahlv , ! largely withliold t'tu-ir support, from Mr. j ; Gladstone and Mr. Forstcr. Indeed, I lie i I Duke of Argyle has already withdrawn i i from I lie Cabinet, and other defections may be expected. The necessities of , ! English fanners, and the growing fi- e- | raliun of English countias will probably | i counterbalance this to a largo extent, ; and give the Libera! Government lieip ! from a quarter whence, hitherto they have j not expect s! it. Sonic will doubtless j hold that Homo Rule in ib; entirely-! woul I lie a less evii than so radical a land i ; tncasur- ; but when once Mr. Gladstones | conscience and convictions are aroused, he j j does not allow minor considerations to ! , hind r his ; -engross to a thorough reform, j i The land ij'iesti.ui in Great Britain and : ' Ireland, v. it'll tin- movement in other | j countries for revesting tin- land in the | | Governmoii'-, -.honld make us pause in the - ; colonies in the path we are so rapidly travelling, and which will end in locking up the land in the hands of private holders. The question of perpetual leases j will soon become more urgent than ever. As usual, when the protest i.s of no use, ; the " Register'' roundly condemns both i Mr. Ward and the constituency who have ! returned him to the Assembly. Tlie i editor makes the miserable excuse that he I thought, there was sufficient moral stamina : in tim Burra Electorate to secure Mr. ! Ward's rejection. Meantime he left the few ile voted adherents of morality and fi- -i-ney v. Phone his supp-v while they were endeavoring to stem he tide of ignorance and malignant prejudice which has ended in Mr. Ward's return. Tim crii-kot matcli nn Monday will come off at Rert ririe, instead of at Crystal Brook, as announced in mir last, as the excursion train will atferd sufficient facilities as to time. The anniversary of the Bible Christian Church, Crystal Brook, will be held to- morrow anil Easter Monday. Electors are reminded that the polling for the Legislative Council is on Wednesday next. The voting at Gladstone will be held in the Insti tute. Mr. Stock is appointed Deputy Returning officer, and Mr. R. tewart. poll-clerk. Every elector should vole and avoid plumping. An important meeting of ihe delegates from tlie branch-sot the Fanners' Association within the District of Stanley, ha« heen convened hy the Crystal Brook Branch, to meet at Redhil!, on Saturday i. xt, tlie 23rd inst. The meeting will be. invited to make a selection of two from aiu<-ng the six candidates for the district, who shall receive the report of the Farmers' Associa tion. What might have proved a very serious mis hap occurred to Mr. A. .8. Lindsay, and Mr. W. E! lii lg..-, on the way to No. 1 sawmill in the Wirr.o! iara Forest. The wheel of the trap coming in contact with a stump caused the tim overthrow of -he vehicle, the two wheels pi-sing over Mr. Lindsay. Mr. Eldridgc Cicap-M with but slight bruises, but to Mr. Lindsay the injuries are of a more serious nature, rie has some severe leg wounds, and has heen unable to get medical treatment owing to the fact of Dr. Paoli having left Gladstone : for a few days. At the Police Court on Tur.s Uy morning, : - - - the cases had been disp s.- l of, a man iccorated with flowers roo from the seat which he had heen sitting, and intimated I : B-a-.-h that he was desirous of making a ! sia-mi- iir. Mr. Beddome gave the neceisary ! permission, and stepping into the witness-box rh- man at once, in a low monotone began : — ' G.iatlcme-i of the Court— I have taken this extraordinary step of introducing myself to your atient'cii for the purpose of delivering my.ielf finm the bonds which encompass me, and also to direct particular attention to the serious fact that a vast amount of actual responsibility now rasts upon every person in authority, and every Christian in society in these colonies regarding the interesting and glorious work that for s.o many years has been hanging over these e dunic". an ! which I am now anxious to bring before you. i'Ii pampnlets I hold in :ny hands have declared unto the world for the past six or .wen years the very important fact that I am the -Son of God, the Christ of God, created so by the Divine power of God the Holy Ghost, for the purpose of accomplishing His divine pur poses relating to the personal reign on earth of the Lord Jesus Christ. These pamphlets explain how.1' Mr. B-llome — "Is there any more ni that?" 'I oc >;-eaker — " Yes ; I will go >n." Mr. Beddome--" But! am afraid if ir is of tiiat d-mripiioii we cannot hear it — (Laughter; — Because it docs not come within the fuucti--ns of this Court." (Renewed laughter.) The Speaker—" But it is a very important mat ter and I am" He made two or three more attempts to continue, But Mr. Beddome was immovable and the man had to step down. It 1 Dm- Ms mind -s a!fi-etoi by re Furious Tae a-.w.ii-i.t on to.- G re at Xoriiiou Races took oi l - .a: tin"- B-.-la'i'j ibue!, Jamestown, on Tues- w-.-niay last. The principal winner -were — Mr. R. Lo.e. wbh .'1120 for l'o;ia..'a vi torics ; Mr. H. Tnthill £295, the value of the Groat Northern Handicap, won by Sarchedon ; Mr. H. Hill. £155. for the Murray Memorial ( up and Areas Handicap, won hy Totalizator ; Mr. A. Webb, L225, for the The Great Northen Steeplechase won by I limalaya. The total amount paid away in 3nakes was LI, 142. The Hon. Secretary (Mr. A. E. G'i blon) reported that the clnb -was reducing its debt. He alluded to the inadequate accommodation provided by the railway author ities for horses, and also to the prohibitory fares charged. ElForts arc to be made to obtain concessions from the Government in this respect next year. The usual toasts were indulged in after the business had been concluded, and a pieasent evening spent. We have already announced that a telegram 'i.v; been recciveit stating that a Company has h—-ii tinted i:s L m Jon for the purpose of acquir ing and wc-i kingsome of the Northern mines, ami we now learn trim the Register that a prospectus has b'-vM issu-d, stating that the capital of the ij.iiii.iaay, -.Gd.-h is called " The Corporation of South A ust rail an Copper Mines, Limited," is I .g.Vi.uoU, ia LI shares. A rcmitance has been eut from London to meet the preliminary ex penses, and at least 1.60,000 will he immediately available, so that operations on a large scale will lie a'ale to be carried on. The opening para graph in the p ospectus states that the Company | has b.icn funned to acquire and develop a | number of exceedingly valuable Government j "fin .-ml grants, stated to contain some of the I ' ir.'-'ic and richest deposits of copper ore that j hive ever been discovered in any part of the j word. l'he various mineral properties, eighty- j three in unrulier, containing in the aggregate an ; area of 8.796 acres, are distributed over a large i tract of country, and comprise the best and most i remarkable discoveries that have been made ! from tim; to tim: m tin: well-known mill". a! "-'.Tt. situate within 200 mih-s : i the icrth of ; Aagasta. in South Australia." The 'mineral cms include Lyndhurst and Burr Mines ; \b discoveries within seven niiles of Mount | i. . ilium: and Burr; Mount Rose Mine ; Con stitution Hill Mines ; Moolooloo and South | MfioWloo Mines ; discoveries near Sliding Rock, Warrioota and John Bull Mines ; Mount Hemming .Mine ; Patawarta Mine North and Malone's Mines : Davison's, Mount Elkington, and Wheal Friendship Mines; Mount Emily and Malice Hut Mines ; Wirawilka, Mount | Croig, Wyaka, Napoleon, Kirwan Mines ; Wir- ! taweena M files; Beltaua Mines; Kanvaka and ! McConyille'a Mines ; Blinman Mines. All the ! Regulations of the .South Australian Govern- j ment of lease for 99 years (or licence with right ; of lease for a similar term), at a rent of Is. per ! acr>, an I a uuial! royalty of 2J per cent — six- ponce in the pound — on the net profits, except i the Bliiiuian Mine, which is held on a sub-ioa3e ! under a former Act, and with the addition of < tha payment of £101) a year, to merge into one- thirtieth royalty." One of the first mines to be worked is the well-known Blinman Mine, from which, it is stated, over a quarter of a million's worth of copper and ore has heen produced and sold. Reference ii made to the heavy cost of j cartage, which ab- irbed nearly all the profits j and led to the abandonment of this and other mines. The promoters anticipate that the con- < struction of the Government Gums Railway will ! i-uable the properties to be developed and ; worked at a profit. Instead ufpaying£IOor £12 | per ton for cartage it is estimated that "the i total expense, including cartage from tho mines , to the railway, and thense to the port, will he ! ibout £2 p.:r ton." It is stated that "the firit. operations of the Company will be given to the development of those properties nearest the rail v ays," and it is implied that af soon as the permanence of any of the discoveries is assured | ether Companies will be formed tow k them, so that in the course of time, instead of a quarter of a million of money being employed in the development of the various properties, the I capital eventually may represent three or four ! times that amount. The vendors are to be paid principally in paid-up shapes, of which they re ceive 62,500 fully paid up. In addition to this : they get £10,000 in cash ; but this, we are assured, i.s only what has been paid out in rents ! ami other expenses. The English Directors are the Right I Ion. Lord Hcadley (Chairman), Lord Richard Howe Browne, the Hon. Fulke Greville, | the Hon. Ashley Ponsnnby, Mr. R. A. Routh | (Chairman of the Enrri .c "nil Autralian Copperr "ompany). and Mr. 1L. Sankey, The Colonial j Directorate is to be i resented by Sir Johi. i Morphett, the Hon Ju.m Carr, and Mr. David | Murray. 