\- 11 THE GOSPEL AND CITY LIFE OF CORINTH. The Bishop of Melbourne delivered tho fourth of his series of lectures on tho Gospel »nd City Info of Corinth, at St. Paul's pro- Cathedral, on Wednesday afternoon. Dr. Moorhouso said : In the history of the world there are certain epochs which may bo styled crca live— which marh the introduction of new intel lectual, moral and spiritual forces into human life. Of all these epochs the most remarkabio is that which witnessed the birth of the Christian jchurch. The establishment of that church was no- thing loss tlmn the beginning of a new creation. A Hew spirit then passed into the torpid boiiy> of humanity, a new life awoke amongst its dyiug members, and everywhere the signs of itunnounccd themselves in startling spiritual phenomena, in high-wrought feelings, in ecstatic expressions, in mighty deeds. If Christianity were, in fact, iucn as it is described to us in tho gospels- nothing less than a descent of the Son of God to earth to Becurc tho redemption and sunctification of man— this first result of it is nothing moro than might havo been expected. In the pure sou I of the Lord Jesus the Divine spirit dwells peacefully as in its earthly home. There is no disturbance His inner, there is no disharmony In His outward life, because in Him there is & 'perfect conformableness between tlio Divine spirit and its earthly orgauon. Something of this quiet ness and even flow of feeling is 6till perceived In those of His disciples whom He had personally trained nnd prepared for their office. They shared, indeed, in tho mighty inspiration ami uplifting of Pentecost, and moved thencefor ward on a higher plane of spiritual thought and feeling ; but still in their life and action wc feel something of tlie level energy which wo had noticed in thoir Great Master. St. Paul, greater, perhaps, by nature and culture than any of them, passes into the Divine Kingdom at a hound ; not without violent perturba tions, as we should expect. And thenceforward, in his visions and ecstasies, oven, perhaps, in (the intensity of his feelings, and the mystical jcost of his thought, we seem to catch reverbera tions of that heavenly voico which called lura so suddenly on the way to Damascus. Sucli facts seem to suggest to us, what in itself is most likely, that the inrush ofthe now life of- Chris tianity would be marked by most of wonder and perturbation precisely wbcro tbo earthly organ was least prepared to receive it. In Gentile churches, therefore, and especially insuchachurch that of Oorinth, gathered out of a population Intellectually excitable, and deeply tainted with 11 tho superstitions and immoralities of a dying paganism, wo should expect to find tho stream of spiritual life troubled by stormy phenomena. \Yo have already noticed soino of these, and to-day our attention is called to an abuse of those remarkable spiritual gifts winch betokened in the apostolic age the presence and power of the Holy Ghost. Wc must recognise 111 these charisma a two-fold element— the one di vuio and tbo other human. Tlio divine clement is the inspiration of tlie spirit of Jesus ; tho (human element is that capacity of tuo soul of auan for immediate intercourse witli God. which 'mokes speaking with tongues, or prophecy, a possibility. As we aro to consider to-day tlie Corinthian abuse of spiritual gifts, and cannot look for the source of this abuse in their Divine element, we shall bo principally concerned with . the inquiry, What is that state of the human s&ul; in which direct communion with God is a possi bility; and how is that state related to tbe dif ferent extraordinary gifts in the Church of Corinth ? It is agreed that all thoso remarkable spiritual gifts of feeling, intellect and will, enumerated in the l'Jth and 14th chapters of tlio First Epistle to tho Corinthians, wove received and exercised in a state of ecstasy. Now the capacity of the soul for ecstatic com munion with the unseen world may he illustrated from many quarters. It was recognised and affirmed even by heathen philosophers, notably by the Neo-Platonists. Philo, in tbe first cen- buy, pronounces the intuition of God lo be the highest step in philosophy, and ho affirms that tho sago can only then attain to it when 14 completely renouncing himsolf, and leaving be hind his finite Belf-consciousness, he resigns lum- self unresistingly to the Divine influence. Ploto- nus in the third century, taught that the' groat business of man wns to re turn to God, and that this return ib to he accomplished partly by virtue and philosophic thought, hut principally by ecstatic intuition. The Neo-Platonists UBed to prepare themselves for this intuition by acts of prolonged abstrac tion, " chaining down tho senses from every sight and sound, and oven the mind lrom every thought, till consciousness of time and place vaniuied," aud the soul found itself in the purely ideal world, faco to faco with tho Eternal. According to the testimony of Porphyry, jus disciple, Plotenus, attained to this condition of unification with God four times during the six years of his acquaintance with him. \- These instances are only interesting as showing that pagan philosophers recognised the existence of a capacity in man for attaining to direct com munion witli God. Tho Christian mystics of tho middle ages entertained a similar persuasion. Master Eckhart deemed himself to have found, by direct ecstatic intuition, "tbe perfect repose of a spirit in absolute union witli God." Tho move ment of the soul towards God is as irresistible, he holds, as that of the stone to the earth, or that of fire to the heavens. In the interest ing lifo of John Saulter, by Nicolas of Basle, we are told that after greut fastings and sconrg- ings, and prolonged prayer, the great Dominican suddenly lost consciousness, and " when ho wns left to himself again, he saw a supernatural mighty wonder and sign, insomuch that ho could havo cried with SL Peter, 'Lord, it is good for me to bo here.' " At another time, after great sickness of body and soul, and strong crying and tears, lie lost consciousness in like manner, ind when became to himself again "he was possessed of a new strengtli and might in all powers outward and iuward, and had also clear understanding .in those things which aforetime were dark unto him." How orten such experiences as tlieso aro recorded in the history of the Wcsleyan and other revivals we ill know quite well. And many living men can 1 testify that after deep conviction of sin, and long crying in the dark to a God who seemed to hide himsrif, they have been brought out, with a miraculous suddenness, into snch overpowering, overflooding joy and love, that it has seemed to them like a passing into the light of God's very presence. A wonderful light has seemed to fall on God's word, insomuch that it has appeared to them like a new message from God. A wonderfnl lovo of Christ has been shot abroad in their hearts ; and therewith so mighty a long ing that all men might share their peaco and joy that thoy were impatient till they could summon others lo the heavenly feast They seemed to love ail things— all heaven and earth— from tho most glorious angel to tlie ' meanest beggar : yea, and to the veiy beasts and birds, as though the coming of God into their souls had enlarged them with somo touch ,f the Divine Infiniteness. Now, all this is psychologically true, and whatovcr of tho merely physical may attend and obscure such manifestations, one thing is certain, that to tho consciousness of thoso who havo been their subjects, they did opon a new beavon of truth and joy and Divine love, which irradiated life with an undying glory. Tho late Charles King'sloy wns 110 fanatic — ho wns accused, indeed, of holding nothing better than a muscular Christianity. And, yet, what are Lis words about those mcaiwval mystics of whom I have spokon? 44 Would it not have been better," ho says, 44 to have examined patiently, charitably und philosophically, what they really were, and what they were not? By so doing, I beliovo inon would havo found that in these mystics and saints, after all bodily illu- Diona all nervous fantasies, all pardonablo con- fusions between tbe object and the subject had been eliminated, there still remained, in each and every one of them, one of tho very loveliest and noblest of human characters, nnd on that dis covery the question must have followed— was that too, the product of disease? And to that there can be, I trust, but ono answer from tho many. If hero aud there a man shall be found daring enough to assert that tho most exquisite developments of humanity are grounded on a lie; that its seemingly loveliest flowers are hut fungi, bred of corruption ; then the general heart of humanity will give their cynicism the lie, and answer, not so I This is too beautiful and too righteous to be bora of aught but God ! " Hero is the grand argument for the reality of such ecstatic intuition as that of which Mr. Kingsloy speaks. It is the basis and inspiration of tome human lives. What they arc, thoy are in virtue of their union with God. And thoso lives are amongst tho noblesLand loveliest which have ever lighted tbe darkness of this world. Can then, the light wliich they have caught aud reflected be anything less than Divine ? Does not the reality of their holiness vindicate the reality of their ecstasy ? And if that be true of the pre sent tinio, is it not yet more clearly true of apos- tolic days and apostolic men ? Can auy ono study the life and character of ht. Paul, and doubt for a moment that the spirit which inspired it wan Divino? When, then, he tells us that all he was, he was in conse quence of direct ecstatic communion with the Saviour, can we doubt that this communion was real and potent— whatever interpretation we may put upon the outward forms by which it mado it self known to tho senses and mind of the apostle ? But now, if ecstatic communion with the rison Saviour was possible lo St. Paul and ,St. Paul's disciples, is it not certain that this communion would elevate eveiy faculty of the soul, and color and transform the wholo life? Are wo not prepared, therefore, to bear that it affected the emotions of the early Christians, aud elevated the expression of thoso emotions jls in the gift of tongues : that it affected their intellect, and so derated its operations at to raise thera into ecstatic knowledge and wisdom, and into prophecy, the fitting expression ot such faculties; »r a<miu, that it so affected their will as to issue n powers of healing administration and the like? I grant that wo cannot understand such states anu acts of the soul. But wben the first mighty effusion, baptism, or as it literally is In ono passage, drenching of the spirit had Dussed. the Christian church beeaiuo too like Gideon's fleece when it had been wrung. But Btill, if we have no doubt about the possibility and reility of ecstatic communion with Christ sow, we can have none about tho possibility, at least, of such intenser effects of that communion as the mightier effusion of its Spirit is said to ! have produced in apostolic days. It is harder, no doubt, to understand the possible abuse of )uch gifts. And yet neither should this be impos sible. If wo only remember tho previous history, ilth and habits of those ou whem tho gifts were Conferred. They were men who had recently been pagans ; who had been brought up in habits of deceit and immorality ; whose oigbest thought had been to increase their own pleasure and per sonal dignity. Tho tincture of these pagap habits and feelings they had brought over into thc church : and it was not in a day, nor even in a generation, that the Spirit of God would turn Jacob irwo Israel. Of all the spiritual gifts glos- eolalia was that which was most popular at Co rinth. And if we only understand what it was, wc shall have littlo difficulty, I think, in divining the. reason. Of ecstasy there were three principal kinds. First, that mystical ecstasy, of wliich I have already spoken, in which the soul cares directly on God and Hie eternal world. Secondly, there # was prophetic ecstasy. In this the seer's intiii- iion was of another object. It was not or God in Himself, but of God as He moves in his providential and redeeming grace in tho life of states, churches, and individuals. Behold ing this with purged eyo, piercing to thoso ; real principles and powers, which, hidden from the eyes of Bcnse. yet really fashion 'and determine our outward life, the prophet lifts the veil of tinioand sots his awe-struck hearers among tiie solemn realities of eternity. There was yet a third kind of ecstasy— what might be called emotional ecstasy— the exaltation ot tlie feelings into such an intensity of Divine love, that they must express themselves by moans of words, intelligible or unintelligible, in Pnyw and praise, Tho first of theso may bo cajled ecstatic insight, tlie second ecstatic revelation, the third ecstatic adoration. Nowwhon a .man felt himself rapt into this intensity of Divino love — a love so intense that common words could' not tell it any moro than words over can tell tho intensor emotions — what was more natural tlmn that tliese overstrained feel ings should find relief in such sounds (unintelligi ble by any but those in emotional sympathy with theuttcrer), as St. Paul describes in 1 Cor. xiv. I It was an iuspired soliloquy, an act of inarticulate adoration addressed only to God ; tho lovo ot the babe going forth to its father in inarticu- ; late oooing8 which utter the feelings ot the heart, without the intervention of forms of Hie understanding. How delicious an enjoy ment, how signal a distinction, to be lilted thus visibly ami publicly into communion with heaven! Tho mystic gazes upon God, but it is in silence and secrecy. The prophet utters in deed his message, but it is in intelligible words, and men might mistake their glow for the eloquence of tho merely human orator. But theso loud sweet sounds, so powerful, so en trancing, so commanding, stirring tho very depths of the soul, liko the btnst of an angels trumpet — who could mistako these, ' who could fail to recognise that tho> soul which is uttering them caught up into Paradise? But, then, conceive the confusion-ami tumult which would arise from several of these utter ances breaking- forth at once, crossed, as they might be, with more than one loud ecstatic prophesying. It is very difficult for us to present the scene to our mind with even an approach to reality. Chrysostom confessed that as early as the fourth contury there was an utter ignorance of the facts referred to by the apostle, which were 44 such as used then to occur, but now no longer take pluce." If, again, wo cull to our aid facts with wliich wo are more familiar, such as tbe. loud shoutings and roarings, hysterical, cataleptic, which used to follow the preachings of Wesloy, Berridge, or tlio later American revivalists, wo shall probably get a class of phenomena far coarser aud more repulsive than thoso we are ex amining. For tho tongue speakers at Corinth were not ignorant profligates, stricken down sud denly by an unfamiliar power in tho midst or their sins, but more or less suintly mombcrs of the Christian Church, giving utterance to their feelings or their adoration. Perhaps the nearest parallel furnished by modern times is that of the so-called 44 gift of tongues" among the followers of Mr. Irving, VIore we aro told of utterances in a voico distinguished for its superhuman power and sweetness ; utterances which, if not involuntary, were at any rate pro duced, to the consciousness of the speaker, by a power without liiiu, sometimes embodying words of known languages, but most commonly consist ing of miscellaneous words and sontoncos, onu e.en nothing tetter thin a "jargon of sounds." The power, howover, of such utterances was some times very commanding, coining forth with all the mnjosticiinpressivencssof a di vine oracle, andsoem- ingto summon the hearers into the very presence of God. Opinions ns to the origin of this glos- solalia varied, 601110 entertaining no doubt that it was inspired by tlie Holy Ghost, while others believed with Mr. Baxter, who was himself pos sessed with tho gift, that it was of diabolical origin. If, however, we would realise the ap- pearanco of church life at Corinth, wo must not bo afraid to look tho facts in tlio faco, and to acknowledge that it may have presented scenes of disorder even worse than those reported M "le Irvingite congregations. For most of the disciples of Corinth were not only won from Paganism, but also from the ranks of tho poor and ignorant. And we know that ignorant meu, whon thoy are excited, are 110 more accustomed to rostrain the expression of their feelings than children. They spenk loudly, in an excited manner ; they nse words which are coarse, and sometimes almost profane. They arc in the habit of projecting their foolings into tho form of visions and voiee3, which thoy imagine that they see and hear. If thoy are exercised as Ilubman Merswin was, by doubts on tbo subject of the Trinity, they are not unlikely to have tho vision, as ho had, "of a great stono, wherein wero carved the likeness of three men s countenances," and to hear a voice saying that just as there wore three faces in one stono, so may there ho three persons in one es sence. TcrtuUian suggests to ns tho operation of this tendency te give outward form und embodi ment to thoughts and feelings, which have been deeply impressed, in tho account which he furnishes of tho Montanist prophetesses, in whoso vaticinations lie was himself a devout believer. Ono of these, ho tells us, could discern men's hearts ; alio had visions of angels and of the Lord himself, and on ono rc- markablo occasion, of a soul in bodily shape, the full particulars of which he gives. Ho adds that "matter nnd opportunity" were afforded her hy the prayers, hymns and sermons of public worship; and refers for justi fication of all this to the promise that there Bhould be " spiritual gifts" in tho church. Of course such instances as theso furnish us with nothing better than imperfect, and, in many respects, perhaps misleading illustrations. But they help ua to give lifo and reality to tho apostle's picture, and to understand somewhat better those singular scenes . when ninny were prophesying together or speaking together in load unintelligible sounds, bo that there was danger of unbelieving spectators thinking the disciples mad. What, then, are we to say of these things? Shall we turn away from them in disgust as tho mere ravings of fanaticism, or with tho Stoic or Epicurean sneer that the vulgar aro generally extravagant ? If wo do, wo shall be gravely mistnlcen. As Professor Jowclt said, " There was more tlmn he had eyes to 3ec, or than was dreamed of in a philosophy like his. Not only was tlicro tlie superficial appearnnco of poverty and meanness and enthusiasm from a nearer view of which we are apt to shrink, hut underneath this, brighter from its very ob scurity, purer from the meanness of tlie rai ment in which it was apparelled, was tho life hidden with Christ in God. Thcro. and there only, was tho power wliich made a man humldo instead of proud, self-donying instead of self- seeking, spiritual instead of canml . . . which inndo liiin embrace, not only tko brethren, but the the whole human race, iq the arms of liis love." We do not believe in tho Gospel to-day because of those wonderful phenomona, but in spite of them ; because wo see behind them a Divino power which could regenerate tho human heart ; a calm wisdom which, in tho Apostle Paul, conid rebuke their excesses, and. tbe vain or envious thoughts to which they gave rise ; a spiritual insight, whioh recognising ail in them which was good and profit able, could yet calmly measure thoir relative importance, and. which, taking for its standard what was spiritually profitable rather than what was outwardly splendid, could put tongue- speaking, in which a man ediiiod himself, bo- neatli prophecy, in which a man edified the church ; and these and all other gifts beneath tlio footstool of UiTiuo and over-abiding charity. Christianity was no doubt responsible for the disorders which tho Apostle rebukes, in the senso that but for tbe mighty wing-stroke of its divino spirit, tho dead and despairing spirit of man would never have awoke to the life and energy which inspired them. Sueh raou could not have boon so mightily aroused from their torpor without exhibiting in thoir ecstasy something of the old nature whicli was being renowed. All that, however, belonged to tho carnal soul, on the depths of which tho creative Spirit was moving so raightilj'. "Christianity," it has been said by Isaac Taylor, "rescues its own out of these tumultuous assemblages, und then, content with its indisputable triumphs, leaves the ambiguous residuum in tho hands of bcoffers or of philosophers, to ho dealt with as they please or can." Not unfrequently in these days wo aro presented with the likeness of this residuum, in tho6hapcof visions and mutterings, of floating bodies and spiritual voices, aud'usked to believe becauso of them. Our answer is that they aro difficulties, and not witnesses, to faith. IVhere is tho lifo that lies behind them ? Whcro is tho power to tnrn lust into purity, impndenco into piety, selfishness into love? Let us hear tlie voice of some Apostle setting spiritual truth above outward wonders, giving to mystical voices and visions tho lowest place : demanding that the spirits of tho prophets shall bo subject to the prophets, and never suffered to display them selves hut according to the rules of a Divine order, nnd for tho profit of tho whole commu nity. Above all, give us a man who, at home, anion" visions and trances, and speaking with ton "lies more than all, can yet soar away above all earthly limitations, proclaiming with the voice at once of a saint and a philosopher, that all theso wonders are of time, and shall vanish with the time vision'; that knowledge, as wo havo it now, is only like tho blurred and distorted images seen through ancient mirrors ; that tongues are only iiko the babbling of infanta trying and vainly, to utter tbe joy and wonder within ; that prophcav is only from a part— from the earthly side of human existence ; that tbo tunc shall come when oil shall vanish away, the only thing akin to God'« infinity being that love to winch nothing is un=eon ; to which nothing is future.; which sceketh only tho weal of others, binding together brother and brother, men and angels, earth and heaven, and ail " with golden chains about the j feet of God." Give us this, and we shall have ; something as great as the Christianity ot the first century, a gospel for tho whole world 