OUR AMUSEMENTS. "Have a care of your entertainments."— Shakespere. Theatre Royal. After playing an " Unequal Match " the London Comedy Company have retired in favour of " Pinafore," and though Mr. Garner now whistles "I'm an Englishman," his past actions have shewn that he had the discernment to discover in this city talent worthy of snaring tne nonours gained by Home " stars." Mr. " unch would not be surprised to see the troupe return to Old England and create a furore in theatrical circles as the " Colonial Comedy Company," even though not Marshalled so bravely as when they first appeared in Sydney : vale Robertson ! Vive la Gilbert and Sullivan 1 Gaiety Theatre. Pathos and fun ! tears and laughter ! the former on the stage, the latter amongst the audience, have been witnessed at the Gaiety every evening during the past week. Mr. Frederick Marshall and Miss Marion Melrose, have achieved another success in their respective parts of Sampson Burr and Alice, in the " Porter's Knot," which piece Mr. Punch affirms John Oxenford never had greater justice done to. Mr. W. Seagrave also came to the fore in the character of the bluff Captain Oakum, which he played forcibly and correctly. The remainder of the cast was also well carried out. In W. S. Gilbert's mirth-provoking absurdity, " The Wedding March," the fun is fast and furious, and is like a Christmas pudding or Botany water, formed of many ingredients : principal among them is a hat which has eaten a horse, or itself been devoured by a voracious and unprincipled equine, and causes the wedding day of the hero to be anything but an unmixed joy. Haunted by the thought of a terrified and obdurate woman, and a bellicose and muscular Captain of the Guards being in possession of his house, awaiting the appearance of another hat or horse, and passing the time by alternate attacks of hysteria and destructive raids on the furniture ; followed about in eight cabs by his bride elect, her father and her sister and her cousin and her aunts, and in this case especially her cousin, the poor bridgeroom gets himself into scrapes with a recklessness born of despair and an overdose of "Foodie." A milliner's clerk is mis taken for the Registrar, a Duchess's luncheon is consumed for the wedding breakfast, and after being placed in a score of other humorous situations, the bridal party find themselves locked up in the cells of a police station from which they are eventually liberated; the missing article found among the wedding presents, and the " March " concluded outside the bridegroom's house with a blessing feelingly be stowed amidst a sharp downpour of rain. It may be pleasant to hav- so much excitement on one's wedding day ; but Mr. Punch would strongly advise his young friends, in the words of Mr. Woodpecker, Tapping, " to marry in a family where there isn't a Foodie," and have for a bridegroom a man who does not possess a horse with an appetite for ladies' bonnets, It will save trouble. Mr. Punch hopes this description of the play will be found somewhat "mixed," as then his readers will go and see it for themselves, buy another copy of his invaluable paper, read it over again carefully, and by that time have an idea of what Mr. Gilbert meant when he wrote, and the Gaeity company when they played, "The Wedding March." Both mean well. Queen's Theatre. The " poet of the Sierras" new drama, " The Danites," is still flourishing at the Queen's. Joaquin Miller is a somewhat uncommon name, and his " piece" is also out of the ordinary run of "the legiti mate." It is well written, and in some parts well acted ; but those " Danites" are confusing. If they had been lynched in the first act and their ghosts paraded throughout the remainder of the play, poetic justice would have been earlier meted out ; for Mr. Punch's opinion of " Destroying Angels" is that, like onions, they can't be "strung up" too early. Next to these gentlemen in originality must be classed the " Parson," who, as pourtrayed by Mr. J. J. Wallace, is "fearfully and wonderfully made." He is of the "Park" order of preacher, and his genufluxions would gain him renown in any little Bethel. Seriously, Mr. Punch cannot help feeling uncomfortable when witnes sing the remarkable contortions indulged in by this character, and a feeling of relief is experienced when the parson's limbs get a little stiff. Mr. Kinchela is deserving of praise for the beautiful scenery he has painted, which has added considerably to the success of the new drama. Opera House. Mr. Sam Howard took a benefit at this place of amusement on Tues day night, when the comedy " Our Boys," and the farce " The Wan dering Minstrel," constituted the programme. Mr. Punch can only express his regret that so old a favourite met with so little public sup port, and wish Mr. Howard better luck in days to come. East Lynne and our old friend, "Josh," under the new name of "Tot," with little Mattie Taylor in the name part, have also been played during the week. Mr. Punch wonders will the Opera House ever become popular ? School of Arts. Mr. Thompson has been offering premiums for the appearance of future Kettens by throwing in an odd piano or two among his gifts to the audiences at the School of Arts, and it is not im probable that next week the prinoipal prize may consist of a terrace of houses, an invitation to the next National Park picnic, a copy of David's "Australian oratory," or a portrait of that dis tinguished Statesman in brass . In the meantime the spectators witness with unbounded admiration the beautiful scenery and mar vellous mechanism of the panorama with a pleasure only equalled by that to be yet experienced by Benjamin Disraeli when he reads the review of " Endymion" in the Sydney Morning Herald. Phew ! The Intercolonial Cricketers are also to partake of gifts, as Mr. Thompson will present the highest aggregate scorer in the forth coming match with a handsome silver cup, Mr. H. Rowell doing likewise to the best bowler. Waltz in New South Wales and keep them in Sydney. High Art Concerts. Nothing could exceed the success that has attended the Christian- Montague-Turner Concerts held in Sydney during the past week. A musical treat, rich in talent, selected with exquisite taste, carried out with admirable completeness, and enjoyed with perfect delight by all lovers of classical music, the concerts have been worthy of the artistes who appeared in them. In bidding them each, for the present, adieu, Mr. Punch hopes at no distant date to again welcome them to Sydney, and meanwhile wishes that every success, profes sionally and socially, may be theirs. A 