Hie Fortitude Valley Racing Club Summer Sleeting. Jual J I) Heal 1.8(1 Starlor I< Comg-in, Esq Committee Mlbmb T II Pitygibbon, L M'Dermott, t Lampi eil V Wakclielil T P Hard}, J Llovd J A I ians S Tolo, W U lUntbv Hon See Mr W U iddie On Saturday last the F.V.R.C., which has for two years been slumbering, returned to vitality, and they were fortunate in having a lovely day for their reunion. The fact of the public holiday being proclaimed for Monday, instead of Saturday, was an untoward ciicumetance, and one which militated gieatly against the attend- ance, which would otherwise undoubtedly have been a large one. As it was, the number who patronised Eagle Farm was small in the extreme, and not nearly up to what the sport provided warranted that it should be. Inside the enclo- sure there were few beyond those immediately in- terested, and the stand wore quite a dreary ap- pearance. The grand stand booth was under the supervision of Mr. Ruddle, and an excellent lunch was provided, which, coaaidering the at- tendance, was well patronised. Outside the wants of the public were attended to by host Sullivan, who is now so familiar to us in that capacity, that Eagle Farm would hardly seem to be complete on race days without bim. There was a nice breeza blowing during the greater part of tho day, which rendered it a very enjoyable one for race-going, and we were sur- prised that more ladies did not avail themselves of so pleasant an afternoon. The Attorney General brought down a party of ladies and gen- tlemen ia a well-appoiuted drag, and this was the oaly four-iu-haud which put in an appear- ance. At 12 o'clock a start waa made with the trotting race, which was not a whit more intereBtiug than these affairs generally are. Tearaway broke badly on coming into the straight the second time, which put oat any chance he may have had, but nothing else ever had a ghost of a show with Shamrock. After this came tho Maiden Plato, for which Warfare was supported for most money, though Mr. Fiunis'a party were very Bweet on Bea Lomond'a chance, who, however, waa veiy fret- ful, and sweated profusely before Btartiog, and Nancy had also a few supportera. The start was not a particularly good one, aa Ben Lomond got away with a great advantage, whilat Nancy threw her boy, aud went off on her own account. Ben Lomond held his own until turning into the straight, when Warfare drew up to bim, and a great finish ensued, the chestnut juat get ting hiB head home first. The Hurdle Race was reduced to a match between Mr. Ricardo'a two repiesentativeB, and they watered over the course ia company, Panto- mime coming iu first. There was a good deal of interest taken in the Valley Handicap, though betting was pretty well confined to Proctor and nabockliah, it being very evident that nothing elae had a chance. Each of these had a good circle of admirers, who carefully watched the operation of saddling, &c;, and we could not Mlp thinking that Proctor in particular showed a very marked improvement in appearance bince running here in November. Ilia riba were nice and bare, and his quarters full and muacular, while his coat shone like satin. Nabocklish, too, looked as fit as banda could make him, and his sup- porters were brimful of confidence ; but Moorlad did pot altogether please the eye, and he looked to be lust a little bit overdone ; whila Liberty, though m excellent trim bodily, wore a suspicious ap- pearance about the understandings. After one wise attempt, at which Nabockliah went to the ave furlong post before he could be stopped, they were despatched on their journey on pretty even terms. Conaors ou Proctor, after getting away «to a good position drew back, while Nabocklish wilowed out his cutting-down tactics, and led «era away at a merry pace, in hopes of getting 'fièavy weights in trouble. It waa aoou evident -uat Liberty and Moorlad were out of it, though I 1a í?r mado tm or thrce desperato attempta to reach his horses, aud five furlongä from home it waa evident that Nabockliah was compounding, lue son of Westminster led into the straight, out ne had shot his bolt, for directly Connors movedoa Proctor, the chestnut drew up level, and going on he won easily. The winner had io Uüaergo the ordeal of a protest, it being aueged that he had crossed Nabocklish, and -me sharp exchanges were indulged in amongst the boys on returning to Beale, oowever^ the stewards decided not to disturb judge a verdict, and there was, indeed, bb far an we could see, but little to proteat against Connors rode throughout with great judgment, and notwithstanding that the pace after the first half mile was pretty severe, he alwajs kept a jealous eye on Nabockliah, and never let him get too far away from him Sundown won the Separation Stakes easily Though Bandy waa coming very fast at tho fini«b, and ran with un deniable gamencss he is rather a 8lov\ begiuner, but is particular busy at tho right end of a race, and when he haB had a thorough preparation, should give his owner a turu Five weighed out for the Conuthiuu, but Inspector, who waa very crauky at the post, ended by bucking 113 rider oil just after tho fall 01 the flag, and the four sped on their way, leaviUK their late companion to watch them 111 their flight F elipse appeared to be out of it at the half mile, but Mr Finnie kept him going, and letting Pist me and W ni fare cut one auothei dowa, he swooped down oa them it tho post after getting bia pull, and won cleveily Every- body w is glad to Bee Mr Black get a turn lu the riyiug Hiudicap, though Brisbane muat have won if she had not ruu oft at tho turu for home, as she had a good lead, and was going well within herself, and it was hard hues ou Mr Jost to lose tho race through a bit of bad luck Tom Sowerby Ecored a win with Nabocklish lu the Cousolatiou Hindicap, which ho won all the way, while a Hurry Seurrj, won by Birohn, vvouud up the afternoou s sport A protest was entered against the wiunei as being a traiucd horse, but it waB dismissed However, as Baro hu lind been entered for another race at the meeting, and was known to have beeu 111 active ti arning for it for some time, we wonder at the stewards approving of him Below ure the details of the runuing - Tuf llivntCAi T OTiiNo Racl, of lo sots with a sweep of 1 guv e ich from still tera secón I boit-e Ssjis, from ti e puze thirl horso to s ive his stake 3 miks. Mr P Mlinclisbg blmmrock ncel, 13st 71b IO« nor} 1 Mr M Re) nolds s h g Tcnraw n), nged list (Ownci) 2 Mr J IV lisons Inn Ilorence ii(,e I lOat (D Trille)) 3 Mr Nnsl «bg Urltlln n^el lOst Sib 0 Mr T Suncib) sgrin Blossom, iil,m1 IPst. 0 Shamrock aud leariway kept in close com- pany for the first two miles, a long gap sei ara ting them from the others Ciuiiug into tho straight the seeoud time, leaninay broke, aud waa never able to maka up his loet ground, Shamrock winning easily, Florence being third, nearly 1 distance away Till M\u in I'lati- ofSOsov». with a sweep of 1 sov cicl from bt liters second hoiso 3 nova, fiom the ] t>¿o \u g1 t for nge IJ milo Mr 1 ho« el b) s chh Warfare by Warlike, 5 ttyus 1st Sib (11 c11 lui« jib len ilt>) (linll) 1 Mr J 1 mule s bg lieu Lomond, 3 )eni-3 7a6 51b (VA Blickluck) " Mr J W 1I3011 s b e Cheater 2 3eira Cst (Iones) 3 Mr P OhiiLlnmi» bf Niine), 2 years, 5st 111b (Ruin») 0 Betting Level money and 6 to i Ben Lomond and Warfare, 2 to 1 against Nancy Naucy threw ber rider at the start, and B«n Lomond jumped off with a good lead, \\\ arfare next, aad Cheater la6t In this ( rder the} ran rouud the bend and along the back v\ hero ar fare ran up to the leader Ben I ouioud shot away again at the sod wall, but Wiri ire coming again, got on terms with him at the half distaoee, and a great race home ended 111 favour of the chestnut by a head, Chester a bad third Time, 2uiin lSJäec The IIandicii HviiniE Ricr of Tiiovs., with lansep of 1 sov eac 1 from starters secon I horse 3 sovs from the 1 ric tmeo round the course ovciSleaps 3ft 9m high Mr P It Ricardos cb g Pantomimo hy Parásito, aged, Ils 511 (Carter) 1 Mr V R llicudoichg Premium, aged, lOst. 21b, (llooic) 2 They Btarted off Blowly and Pantomime baulked at the first hurdle, but at the third hurdle he again caught Premium, aud taking the lead kept it to the fiiu«b, both horses jump mg well Time, 6mm. 32sec Thl Fortitibj. \alllt IIandicvi a swoepstakoä of 2bovs eich fiom starter» with 0 suva, added second homlOsovB from tho pnzo 1} nillo Mi J M Gill s eli li Proctoi, b) Warliko out of Inores 5)eirs Sat. 71b (Connors) 1 Mr L Sotteibvsbg tiiibocklish, 5 )oars Oat bil) (Birch) 2 Mr A. Blocks chh Moorlad, 4 3ears Sat 101b, (Munro) 3 Mi J Stevonsoiia b t Libert), 5 )oars Sat. lib (W Blacklock) 0 Betting Level money Proctor and Nabock hah, 3 to 1 against Moorlad After oae false attempt thoy were despatched to a good start, Liberty being quickest on his legs, but Proctors colours were seen m front as soon is tiny had settled down, and he led at a elow pace till neal ing the half milo poBt, whero Nabocklish rushed to the front and carried tho field along at a rattling pace Coming past the stand Nabocklish vv as leading Proctor by several lengths, Moorlad beiug last Going round the bend Moori id made an effort to £,et up, but failed , at the half milo post, however, he sue ceeded in passing Liberty, though both of them were evidently out of it Nabocklish still kept in fiont, aud turned into the straight with a slight lead, though Proctor, who had always been handy, waa evideutly putting in a strong claim At the half distance Connors got ou term», had Nabocklish in difficulties at onco, and goiug on won easily by three leagths Moor lad third, tea Irogths away Time, variously taken, from 3imn llfsec to 3min 12Jsec Tin Si rAnvnos SiAm.s of 20 bovb 1 milo weight for ac,o winner to bo sold for 20 sov s "lb allowed for each re luction of 5 sovs on the selling prico Mr T Soweib)schg Sundown (£20), 5 years Oat (Ruld) 1 Mr J Oregoi) a b g Bandy (£15) aged, 8st. 91b (Connors) 2 Mr II L udor s big Dir-tie (£20) oged, Ost. 21b (Lander) 3 Sundown went away with a good lead, Darkie being next At the back of the course Darkie tried to go up but failed, aud Suadowa hold his own, wiuuiug easily Bandy, who came very fast at the finish, just beat Dai kio ou the post for second place Ou beiag put up to auctioa the winner waa bought ia at £27 Till ConiNTiiiAN Handicap, of 30 sovs , with a Bweop of 1 sov each from starters second horse 3 sovs from the i rue 1 ni le and a quarter non professional riders Mr J 1 mules eli li Lcliise, b) Iicuio l)ears list "lb (Owner) 1 Mr T Soweib) s chu. Maifare, 5 years, lOst 101b (Burnett) 2 Mr G Edwards bl, Pastime, aged lOst 81b (Mr Thomas) 3 Mr D Tnho) a bg Inspector 1 )ears Oat 101b (Mr G Hu)girth) 0 Mr J Gieeunoods big Acs of Slades, 5)cars Sat. (I Raddle) 0 Betting 2 to 1 against Lclipse After one false start they got away, Inspector throwing his rider before they bad got many yards \\\ irfaro led paBt the stand, with Pastime in close attendauc , and Ace of Spades labt At the half mile post Eclipse seemed to be m trouble, aud the light weight was done with Warfare and Pastime turned into the Btraight together, both at the whip, and the race seemed for a moment to lie between them, but 100 yards from home Mr Tiuuie came with a wet Bail, and, both his opponents being in trouble, he won cleverly, Warfare being placed second, and Pastime third lime, 2min 22Jaec TheTiTiNr IU\Dic\rof SO eov s , with a sv eop of 1 soi each from starters second horse 3 sors from tho pr ze Three qnai tera of a mile Mr A. Black s chh Moorlad, by renruan, 4 years, S«t. 101b (Munro) 1 Mr J Stevenson a b g Libert), 5 years, 7st. 121b (W Blackloek) 2 Mr T Sowerb) s bg >iabocküsh, 5 years 7st 121b (T Monsell) 3 Mr J M Lennon s gr g Zanco, oged 7st 101b (Birch) 0 Mr J P Jost s gr f Brisbane 2 ) cars, Oat 41b (Richie) 0 Sir J P Bellah g Cadet, 4 yeats Ost 71b (Jones) 0 Proctor (9st 81b ), Darkie (Oat ), Ben Lomond (Oat 61b ), and Chester (oat 71b ) did not accept Briabane, who waa first favourite, got away with a good start, and Came along the oack with a good lead, Liberty being next, and Zanco and Moorlad in good positions At the turn for home Brisbane ran off, and Moorlal coming through won comfoi tably, with Libei ty second, and Nabocklish third, Zanco being fourth Consolation IUvciCAr of 15 sovs for all starters that have not vron a raes during tho meeting 1 mile and a distance Mr T Sowerbyabg ^abocklith, b) 'Westminster, 5 vears 7st Sib (Munro) 1 Mr J M Leiinan s gr g Zanco aged 7st 01b (Birch) 2 Mr J Stevensons bg Libert), 6 )eara, 8st 71b (W Blacklock) 3 Mr J Finnie s b g Ben Lomond, 3 ) ears 7st (J Blacklock) 0 Mr D Tribe) s bg Inspector, 4 ye ira Ost 01b (T Monsell) 0 Mr II Lander s bL g Darkie, aged, 5st 101b (Jones) 0 Mr P O Sullivans bf àanev, 2)ears, Ost (Richie) 0 Nabocklish went away with a good lead, and passing the stand Darkie was second, aad Liberty third , at the half mile Nabockliah waa still ia front, Liberty being nest him, withBea Lomond coming up on the outside, and Zanco ia a good position Nabocklish, however, waa nev er headed, and won easily, the old gray being second, and Liberty third A Hurry Scurry of 5 sovs, caich weights, 1 mile and a distance, was won easily by Mr Skynug's ckeotnut gelding Barolin, 5 years 