A HIGH-HEELED SHOE. — Can I find a lodging in the neighbour hood ?' I asked, hoping he would offer to put me up in his own cottage. 4 Not within a dozen miles.' ' Could you not take me in yourself? Give n. a _ - ih It. J me inose iwo nice xoums uvci tixe 'How do you know of them?' he said, eyeing me suspiciously. ' Anyhow, I can't, and that's all to be said.' ' Well, how if I can get leave to live- in 'the house itself, would the family object? They never come down, you say, and the place is to let. I might write and ask the 'squire.' ' There ain't no 'squire. It's Miss Judith as owns the place, and you can't write to her." 1 Then I'll write to her lawyers, or the agent, if you'll give me his address.' An artist, a landscape painter, who has cojne unexpectedly upon ' good stuff,' to use the cant phrase, is not to be turned aside from his purpose by small difficulties. While wandering through one of the most northern counties in search of subjects for my brush, . I had stumbled, quite by accident, upon Maxted Manor House, and I was resolved to make the most of my discovery. The place was a paradise for a painter — an ancient and embattled mansion, lying half-hidden in a wooded dell, but rqoat- encircled and strongly entrenched with its stout sixteen-feet-tliick walls. It stood four-square around an inner court yard, in which grew one or two fine old yew trees ; it had a grand banqueting hall, a eliapel, with quaint oak panelled chambers, four angle turrets with spiral stair-cases in stone, and dungecn-like crypts, doubtless often tenanted of yore by luckless prisoners. A couple of wings were fully furnished with black oak high backed chairs and curious cabinets ; they were hung in tapestry, worth /much money, representing the sieges of Troy and Jerusalem, and seemed comfortable . enough ; but the rest of the house was a vast solitude, an empty wilderness of massive stone- work and ancient oak. Guided by the caretaker, an illiterate, some what surly old man, who was also gardener, I had explored all that was on view within the Manor House. From him I had extracted, as though they were his favourite back teeth, a few particulars about the place. No one had lived in it for years. Why? The Max- teds did not often come north, and they were free to do as they pleased, surely ? Now it was to be sold. No, not sold. Why should Miss Judith part with the property ? There had been Maxleds there these hundreds of years.' t . ' Before the flood,' I suggested. 4 Well, why not? It would only depend upon which flood ; they had many floods in those parts. But Maxted could not be sold. It must go to some one of the same name- there were cousins always— if Miss Judith didn't marry ; but that she was certain to do. A proper beauty she was— a pure Max ted, tall, and fair, and merry-hearted— she is the living image of that picture over there — It's Lady Dora Maxted.' And he pointed to a large portrait of a lady in white, long, flowing semi-Oriental robes, her face partially concealed by a gracefully-draped veil, which gave greater effect to a pair of brilliant brown eyes. I was constrained to admit that if the present owner of Maxted Mano| resembled t.o/Itt Dnrn. she must be the possessor of at least one beautiful feature. I had some difficulty in persuading the old gardener to give me the address of Miss Max- ted's agents ; he would only tell me that they were to be heard of is Blueborough, the county town. I found them cut at length, at Blueborough, but they positively refused to forward my request to occupy the Manor House. Miss Maxted did not seek a tenant, thev said, and tvould not he pleased with them for suggesting the idea. I asked them whether I could not apply in person, and was told that Miss Maxted did not choose to be disturbed by business affairs. I was not to be baulked, however, and before I left the agents office m Blueborough I had ascertained the name of Miss Maxted's lawyers in London. To them I wrote, reiterating my request, but giving no reasons ; presently I received a vy-worded but very distinct refusal. Messrs. Bprke ® . Bingham were instructed to say that Miss Maxted had no desire to let tbe Manor House, that my application could not be enter- Sained. X made one last effort ; I wrote to sn old aunt, Mrs. Packenham, who was much £o the great world, and who knew everybody in it worth knowing, I asked her if she ever met Miss Maxted, and if or whether she could farther my views. Aunt Packenham wrote back to say that of course she knew Judith Maxsted. The girl was a near neighbour of fierg in the country— an heiress and a beauty. wTr fame was widespread ; eke was a most vf«nntr eirl. ' In fact/ said my aunt, ' she fouMfdo for you/ A, my aimt had already proposed some five-and-tweiity girls aireauy f r . me j did not put much « eWs h« West suggestion. Whet mp» £ e purees ws that my aunt i had made a point of seeing Miss Maxsted, and had made her aware of my wish to pay a long visit to the Manor House. What followed I had better tell in my aunt's words : Miss Maxsted shook her head very posi tively. " He, had batter not think of it," she said. 11 If you take any interest in your nephew, you had better dissuade him from his project." " I askedher to be more explicit. For a long time she hesitated and demurred. I asked her why she never lived in the house herself. " I can't," she answered, as I thought, rather abruptly. " That's nonsense," said I, , thinking she had some stupid scruples as a young unmarried woman ; " you are at liberty to live anywhere you please." "I can't live there, at any rate ; they won't let me." " That's preposterous," I went on, knowing she was quite independent, and, having no relations, would certainly not allow her agents or people to interfere with her. " Who are they ?" " The ghosts," she replied, quite as coolly as though they had been the rheuma tism or smoking chimneys. But after that, my dear Hector,' wound up my aunt, ' of course you will give up the idea.' Yet I had not the slightest intention of ; doing anything of the kind. If anything, this 1 news made me all the more keen. My curiosity j was piqued, my amour propre aroused. Should I, a full-grown man, who had seen and done | most things, be frightened out of my purpose Vl l! Q Cllltl AVTT n rfX 9 mil n 4- if Avnf WJ wduj onuij GI a guucb i ivuai 11 luctAaicu was reputed to be haunted ? The ghost would - hardly interfere with my sketching ; and if I succeed in this, my sole object in visiting the place, I should not mind a little nightly dis turbance. So I wrote to my aunt in these terms, and begged her to assure Miss Maxted that all the ghosts in Christendom, or out of it, should not drive me from the Manor House if I had but the fair owner's permission to occupy it. I think Miss Maxted must have been piqued in her return by her reply. She did not seem pleased that I should make light of her family ghosts. She did not say this in so many words ; but in finally yielding to | my request, which she did with the best grace | in the world, she saddled her consent with | one or two conditions, which proved to me j that she wished to make my tenantry as ter rible as possible. She played, as it were, into the ghost's hands. In the first place, she stipulated that I should live in the house by myself, her ostensible excuse being that she did not like the notion of having strange and unknown people about the place. She could rely upon tne, an artist, to have a reverent care for the furniture an<f contents of the house, which, although ancient and worn, were still precious as heirlooms and from their associations. Therefore, she let the house to me, and to me alone. Moreover, she hoped I should not want to bring any servants of my own. So far as my personal comfort was concerned, the gardener and his wife would take every care of me. I might not mind a little roughing, perhaps, but the old man had once been a page-boy, and had some knowledge of valeting, and his wife was equal to cooking and caring for a single gentleman. If I agreed to these terms, I might enter into occupation at once. Of course I agreed. I did not mind rough ing it ; that was all in the way of business, and I had done it a dozen times already in far worse quarters than in a snug country house, and, instead of a gardener and his wife, bad often been contented to do without servants at all. Moreover, I seemed to see below these conditions a certain tone of irony and chaff, and I was determined that -Miss Maxted should not terrify me out of my pur pose by insisting on my facing the nameless terrors of Maxted Manor House alone. Bhall I confess honestly at once that I did not feel quite so courageous when I returned to the place ? I reached it late in the after noon ; the season was the autumn, and the weather was somewhat boisterous and un settled. Heavy clouds hung around like a pall ; the trees with their changing tints, en circled and hemmed in the house with an im penetrable wall, which seemed to shut it altogether out from the world beyond. It was not without a certain sense of trepi dation — that peculiar feeling of goosefiesh which- accompanies a shiver of terror — that I crossed the hanging bridge over the moat, and passed under" the old arched gateway. The gardener unlocked, and then swung back witji difficulty, the heavy iron-studded oaken i outer door ; a second presented itself, nd opened it into the central court yard. f his, which I had especially admired by daylight, with its quaint feudal air, its giant shrubs in full flower, seemed now like the base of a deep wide well. High up on every side roEe the straight dark walls ; windows there were in plenty, but all were closed with shutters, and reflected no light ; above all, on one side the tall belfry and clock-tower soared aloft, till its pinnacle seemed lost in the clouds. A grim unearthly silence reignea arouna, wnicii was mocked and soon conquered by - the sounds made by our clattering feet upon the pavement in the courtyard. My impulse up to this point was to turn tail, to withdraw at once from my enterprise, and return without delay to Blueborough. But now the old gardener had made good his entrance into the house. The moment he opened the door a flood of welcome light flashed out across the passage into the court. It came from one of the sitting-rooms, which had been prepared for me, Mrs. Ducks, the gardener's wife, had kindled a blazing fire on the hearth ; near it dinner was laid on a small oval table, and the firelight danced pleasaptly upon glass, and cutlery, and snowy cloth. Miss Maxted, as I afterward heard, had desired that I should lie made thoroughly comfortable, and under those in structions Mrs. Ducks had felt justified in bringing out the best table-linen and a por tion of the family plate. ' She had done more- From the kitchen, which was at no great distance, came q, most savoury smell,, and assured me that, at least I might count upon dining well. _ ' p I threw myself into a great high-backed cbair before the fire and felt immediately thoroughly at home. Meanwhile the gardener went to and fro, bringing in all my traps and belongings from without. When he had- gpished, he asked me if J should like to see my room, and went out to ask his wife m the kitchen in room she had made my bed. I heard their conversation every word. The eld bidv was mely deaf, and the gardener ! was obliged tohbut very $9 make her understand; j ' In the -state chamber, surely,' said Mrs. Ducks. « "Why not, you old image ? she went on. ' It's the bigeslr and best of beds— the downiest in the Manor House ; you ought to know, for we slept in it- ' ' Only once, dame, only once.' Well, and whose fault was it that we did not use it oftener? Yours ; you are a cur at best, gaffer. You pretend to be deaf when it _ don't suit you to hear. But that night you : heard more than I did with your capers, for I ; slept through it all.' . I ' I wouldn't sleep in that room again, not j for worlds. You'd better change it- Come.' j ' I won't. I don't want to do my work over twice, just to fall in with your tantrums. Besides, Miss Jndith said he was to have it — so there ! The gentleman's not like you — afraid of his shadow. So g'long and show him up to his room.' I gathered much from these remarks. First, that Mrs. Ducks was the gray mare and had a shrewish tongue ; next, which was more j personal to myself, that there was some j mystery about the state chamber ; last of all, j that Miss Maxted herself wished me to occupy j it — probably out of a mischievous desire to try my eourage — and as this notion grew with me, I felt that I was bound not to draw back. When the gardener returned, and, holding a candle high overhead, led the way up stairs, we passed through those rooms en suite with tnol' "I VI rrrL , T nrn tt XA A 1 ATTT 11 VAATMCJ \Jl_LCfcU 1U WUlU X >Y did bU Utug A-Vl >V 3 DUUg IWVUlCj with ancient hangings and furniture, and each having two or three small mullioned windows giving upon the moat. On the other side, all the rooms had doors opening upon the corridor, and the windows of this corridor looked into the central court. The last room had a small door at the far end, up three steps, and I asked whither it led. ' To the tower staircase, and so to the clock tower,' said the old man, carelessly ; ' it's locked, and never used.' With that we passed out into the corridor, and I found a flight of wide oak stairs leading to the first floor. Here there were rooms the counterpart of those below, and that which I was to occupy was exactly above my dining-room. It was entered from the corridor, and its windows also gave upon the moat. There was nothing very peculiar in my bedroom, except that it had an old- fashioned air. The big bed was of dark old oak, richly carved. -There was a press of the same wood." The washstand was of quaint "shape, fitted with basin and jug and phials of some metal, which, on closer inspection, I found to be silver. The floor was of dark oak, and the only carpet was a narrow rug by the bed and before the fireplace. This last was a wide, cavernous affair, with large brass dogs, and on these crackled and sparkled a magnificent fire, which diffused warmth and comfort into every corner. A sweet smell pervaded the place, as of new lavender and some antique perfume combined. If the ghosts" loved this room they were luxurious ghosts, with a taste above brimstone and sulphur. I shall do very well here/ I said, cheerily, to my conductor. ' So you ought, so you ought/ he replied ; but it was with an effort, as though he knew of reason why I should not. ' There are a many more rooms,' he went on, 'if it happens you don't like this one. And you may not — you' may not/ he went on, with a dubious, mysterious shake of the head. Half an hour later I was at dinner, Mrs. Ducks gave me some very succulent soup and a very cunningly-contrived stew, in which there were several kinds of game, rabbit, hare, partridge, and a quantity of vegetables, shreds of cabbage, onions, carrots, broad beans, and soft marrowfat peas. I had brought a case of wine with me, and after a pint of Giesler and a glass of " good claret, I felt equal to face a whole legion of ghosts if they wished to force' their acquaintance upon me. But the evening slipped away mast tran quilly. I sat and smoked, and read an odd volume of ' Camden's Britannica,' and occa sionally dozed. I was disturbed only by tie visit of old Ducks, who came about 10 "p.m. to ask me if I had any further commands, and at II I took my candlestick and went up stairs to bed. The State chamber well de served its name, with its rich hangings, its dark- polished floor, which here and there re flected the fire-light ; its gorgeous bed, and general air of mediaeval splendour. It was worthy to be the resting-place of a Prince Throwing another log or two on the fire, I prepared to retire to rest. There was a small table by the bedside, and on this, according to custom, I placed my candlestick and mateh- box. I might want a light during the night- watches. Last of all, I thought it advisable to lock and bolt my door. Ghosts, like love, may laugh at locks, but the latter are useful against living humanity ; and, after all, I was alone in a strange, deserted house. I soon went to sleep. How long my foi T aa'ti 1 /I oor Ln f f OiliULlUCJ.C itictcu J. wuiu oaj j wuw n to me barely a short half -hour before I was awakened by a most tremendous noise. I could not have been more startled, or more ! suddenly regained my faculties, if I had been drenched from head to foot by buckets of icy cold water. It seemed to me as if my room had been invaded by a host of armed men — men literally in armour, or carrying a whole arsenal of weapons, for the noise was mainly that of clattering steel and iron. I heard the rattling of mailed gauntlets as they struck upon morion or cuirass, the tramp of heavy heels with loud jingling spurs, the martial clank of swords trailing, of arquebuses grounded on the floor. The noise must hare gone on for some seconds before I was perfectly awake ; after that it per vaded the room for a time, then abated, but never so far ceased that I was free from the impression that I was in the company of a crowd- The room was quite dark all this time (how long exactly I never knew), and I felt extremely uncomfortable. I may go further, and confess without shame that I was seized with a panic of terror — a fear so paralysing that for a moment I could do nothing. My iights were there at my elbow, but I did not dare to move a hand to reaeh them. All I could do, as many of us have done in child hood, and indeed, long afterward, was to pull up the bedclothes and try to bury myself among them. By degrees, as there was no more noise, I was beginning to be reassured, when all at once the clamour recommenced, this time, as it seecied, at the very foot of my bed. There was the same hurrying to and fro of heavy feet, the same clattering and banging of steel. Then this was followed by a sudden . seemingly simultaneous rush towards the windows. I heard the rattle of one of the case- ments, a fierce struggle, thena piercing 8ri® Something heavy had been thrust out and dropped into the moat. I distinctly heard the splash in the water, like a great boulder roll ing off a high cliff into the sea. There w another sound of feet rushing back toward the door, thence out into the corridor; and for some time f still heard thein, but growing more and more-faint, till they presently faded away altogether. . , I lay quiet for some time, quite unable to sleep, but becoming gradually more and more composed, By-and-by I mastered up courage to strike a light. The room was as snug and habitable as ever. I looked at my watch it ; was past three. Daylight was due in an hour. I I fancied that there was no fear of a recur rence of my visitation, so I got up and examined the door ; it remained locked una bolted as I had left it on retiring to rest. The ! windows, which I had so distinctly heard j j opened, were also securely fastened and i closed. I once more retired to rest, and very shortly went off soundly to sleep. When I awoke the sun was shining brightly into my room. I had bee'n awakened by the old gardener, who was knocking loudly at my door. He was very anxious to know what sort of a night I had r»»ssp.d- Should I tell him— cross-question him — endeavour to find out whether the same thing happened to all the occupants of the state chamber ? No ! I felt it would be a premature confession of weakness. I preferred to go fur ther. into this mysterious business before I admitted that I had been scared. All that day I spent in wandering about the place, doing no work, but fixing upon the best points of view. I constantly met the old gar dener. I tried to draw him into conversation. Iquestionedhim concerning the Manor House ; what was its history — was it very old ? had anything odd, any deeds of violence, occurred in it ? when did the family last live there ? and so on. All he would tell me was that it had seen many changes and chances. There had been much fighting there in times past ; it had been a garrison for the king — King Charles ; ithadbeenbeleagured and besieged, and was well nigh lost to the cause through a trgifcor within the walls, who had betrayed it to the enemy, but who had been detected in time, and had paid the penalty of his treachery with his life. Was this a clue to the strange noises I had heard ? I determined to give the state chamber the trial of another night. But on this occasion, although I retired to rest as before, I kept a light burning, and, having fortified myself with two cups of strong coffee, I had no desire to go to sleep. I read steadily on through the night watches — my book was a novel of Anthony Trol- lope's ; and as two o'clock came without a repetition of the previous noise, I con cluded I was not to be disturbed, and was actually on the point of extinguishing the light and turning over to sleep when I hgard far off, but distinctly in the corridor and making toward my room, a hurried, frenzied movement, as of the approach of a number of armed men. Next moment my bedroom was invaded hotly and hastily by a crowd. The noises were exactly those of the night before. My burning candle made no difference what ever; the room was just as fully occupied; m.y ghostly visitants were as busily employed. After the same delay I heard the window opened, and the same heavy fall into the waters of the moat- The more I pondered over this strange oc currence, the more I was inclined to think that the mystery was connected with the moat, and with the old gardener's story of a deed of violence done years ago. I determined to question him farther about this moat. ' Had it ever been drained off ?' I asked him next day. ' Not that he knew of ; why should it?5 he replied. I suggested that stagnant water was reputed unwholesome, and that the health of the occupants of the Manor House might some day suffer. It was not likely to have many occupants, ' except, perhaps, the likes of yourself / he remarked, somewhat con temptuously, as though he thought me a fool for living there at all. Finding I could make nothing of the gardener, I went over to Blue borough, and saw Miss Maxted's agents.' I pointed out that, on sanitary grounds alone, the occasional draining of the moat would obviously be of great advantage to the house. If Miss Maxted would permit it to be done, I should be very pleased to superintend the operation. All the answer I received at first was a series of questions. Did I complain of the unhealthiness of the house ? If so, I was the first who had done so, and the remedy was in my own hands. Did I propose to inflict the costof drainage on Miss Maxted? She could hardly be expected to meet the onfcl&v.; esDeciallv for a tenant who "hfuT in a manner forced himself upon her. Unless I had better grounds for preferring my request, the answer was sure to be in the negative. , Upon this I had recourse once more to my aunt. I begged her to see Miss Maxted, and inform her that I was not quite satisfied with tbe Manor House. It was not exactly unin habitable, but it was difficult to get a good night's rest there. Miss Maxted would doubt less be well aware to what I referred. I was not particularly alarmed, nor had I ever been made uncomfortable. I was prepared to face eveu worse than I had encountered at Max ted; but, in the owner's best interests, I wished to purge the house of the annoyance which troubled it, aud if I was given full powers I thought I knew how. What I wanted was permission to have the moat drained, cleaned, and thoroughly examined. Would Miss Maxted agree to this ? . My aunt's answer c-ame at length. It was very rambling, rather hysterical. She began by imploring me to leave Maxted Manor without a moment's delay. From that she passed on to a catalogue of all the horrors which had come under her notice during the last five-and-thirty years. It was only toward the "end of her letter that she referred to the matter which I had at heart. Then at last she confided to me that she had seen Miss Maxted, who had seemed mnch surprised, not to say vexed, at what I h&d; written. But | whether this had arisen from concern at my sufferings in the state chamber, or annoyance at the light way in which I treated the Max ted ghosts, I could not for the life of me make out. Ail I could gather was that Miss Max ted had somewhat grudgingly yielded to my request, and had instructed her agents to give me every assistance in draining the moat. — Major Arthur Griffith. (TO BS CUXTUi U£D» 