THEATRICAL GOSSIP. Mr. Sefton Parry is about to build a new theatre in Northumberland Avenue (writes the Era). The preliminaries having been settled, the construction will commence immediately, tenders for the foundations having been ac cepted, The building will be in the French classio style. The elevation in Northumberland Avenue and Graven-street will be 162 feet, and 58 feet in stone, surmounted by life-size em blematical figures and medallions of dramatic authors. The exits from all parts of the house, which is to be fire-proof, will be most ample. The auditorium is to hold 140 stalls, 96 balcony stalls, 120 dress circle, 300 pit seats, 90 amphi theatre stalls, 300 gallery seats, and 12 private boxes, representing in money £220. The ap proaches, staircases, refreshment and cloik rooms wUl be commodious and elegant, and the dressing rooms and appliances behind the curtain will be remarkably comfortable and con venient, hot water pipes being used for warming purposes in winter. Messrs. Fowler and Hill are the architects of this, the fifth theatre built by Mr. Parry, wbo hopes to have all in perfeot order to open in September next. During Miss Neilson's last visit to St. Louis (U.S.) she accompanied some friends to Tower Grove Park, for the special purpose of seeing the bronze Shabspeare. After a long aud critical examination from every point of view she pronounced it, in her opinion, altogether the finest memorial to the Prinoe of Poets she had ever seen. Bhe promised to procure, as soon as possible after her return te England, aslip from the Shakspeare mulberry tree at Stratford, and send it to Mr, Henry Shaw to be planted near (he statue. Facing off the proper distance she marked a certain spot—indicated by a slight depression in'the gronnd—aa the place where she would like to hare the tree stand in. A few months later and death robbed the world of Jnliet. It was then thought, by those who knew her intentions and appreciated her inte rest in the matter, that it would be a graceful and appropriate act to plant a Neilson mulberry on the spot she had marked for the Shakspeare slip. Mr. Shaw heartily sympathised with the project—as might hare been expected from his character and work—and on October 11th it was carried into execution. At 11 o'clock he came to the park with the necessary assistance, meet ing there by appointment Mr. N. M. Ludlow and the friends who bad received Miss Neilson's promise. The tree, a fine rigorous specimen of the white rariety, was fixed in the excaration carefully made for it, and then Mr. Shaw and Mr. Ludlow—the latter in his eighty-sixth, and tbe former in his eighty-first year—threw off their coats and handled the spades in a fashion that would shame many younger men. And so the task which the great actress—"dead ere her prime"—suggested, was fittingly completed. By Mr. Shaw's direction a slab of Italian marble has been prepared, about 20 inches long, 12 in. wide, and 4 in. thick, bearing this inscription:— MULBBEBY TBBB, Planted on the spot marked by ADELAIDE NBILSON March 25,1880. This stoDe, set in a substantial base, will be placed immediately in front of the tree on the side nearest the statue.—Era. Onr London Oorrespondeht writes as follows: —Unquestionably the most interesting event in the dramatic history of the last fortnight is the one which I am about to record. The Old Princess's Theatre, the scene of Oharles Sean's Sbakspearian revivals, and for a good many years past known as the home of the more sensational kind of domestic drama, has been pulled down, and a handsomer and altogether a more com modious buildiDg, bearing the same name, erected on its site. The lessee. Mr. Walter Goocb, will, I fancy, in the long ran find it ad visable to revert to the established character of the house, and again pit Charier Warner as a hero in adversity and Harry Jackson as comio villain one againBt the other, each being in his own line unsurpassable. But in the meantime the new theatre has been opened with legitimate drama, and an arrangement has been made with Mr. Edwin Booth, tbe celebrated American tragedian, to sustain in succession the twenty-five different rdles which constitnte that gentleman's repertory. The Beries of per formances began a few days ago with " Hamlet, a play which, it has been justly said, "is so good that it takes a very bad actor to spoil it," and yet which almost every tragedian regards as a crucial test. My own opinion is that the Transatlantic actor has stood the test well, but the London Press and public have hardly done him justice. His appearance is well adapted for the Impersonation of the afflicted Prince of Denmark, his features being regular, and bis frame, though certainly less attenuated than that of our present " English Hamlet," still slender, youthful, and graceful. His voice is very clear and distinct, and bis enunciation singularly free from mannerisms. There is no mouthiDg or ranting, and his speeches are neither dragged out nor shot out with a tremendous emphasis on a single word, in tint style which marks the taught declaimer. The entire scene with the GhoBt, as well as the pendant thereto with the friends sworn to secrecy, was beautiful and im pressive to a very high degree; and certainly my experience has never met anything better than the interview between Hamlet and his mother, when both the righteous anger felt by the outraged son at the commencement, and the tehder pity for the erring but still dear sur viving parent excited by the Ghost's " Speak to her, Hamlet," were in tarn snperbly portrayed. Noless admirable in a different way was the quiet esse of Hamlet's deportment when conversing with the *' player," in whom he welcomes an old and worthy acquaintance in no way initiated into his secret trouble, but in whom he re cognises an instrument which can be made ser viceable to his own peculiar ends. Altogether Mr. Booth's Hamlet is that of an intellectual student who has relt and seen his way to each particular scene in his part. A young actress named Miss Godard has availed of a pretty opportunity to make a decided hit as Ophelia, whom she plays with an unaffected intelligence which is most attractive. The remaining parts are filled as well as can be expected from what is termed " a scratch com pany" to support a wandering " star." Mr. Burnand said a neat thing of Sara Bern hardt ; in consequence of her eccentricities he has christened her " Sal Volatile," and says she is so thin because she lives principally upon French role. Our London Correspondent writes:—The enormous success achieved by the oomio operas of Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan has set an example which it were well to see followed, eonld we hope to produce twice in the same generation a librettist possessing, as it would appear, an inexhaustible fund of genuine wit and hnmonr, which, as a celebrated Noncon formist minister said when taken for the first time in his life to the play (one of Shak speare's comedies), "is as harmless as a Sunday-school tea-party, and more entertain ing." But the libretto of the new "nautical comic opera," written by Mr. H. P. Stephens, and composed by Mr. Edward Solomon, which has been brought ont by the present management of the Imperial Theatre with con siderable splendour, has nothing in common with Mr. Gilbert's mirth-provoking and yet always genial and absolutely innocent sallies. It is not difficult to be funny in a certain way if you use unlimited licence to sneer, and this licence has been so freely taken by the librettist of "Billee Taylor" that the entire drama is little more than a prolonged gibe at such senti ments and incidents as are apt to constitute the interest of popular plays of the good old sort. The burlesque ballad which gives its name to the work might surely have been pressed into service with a somewhat different result. As it is one is sorry to see that the really bright, if not very original, music of Mr. Solomon and the extremely tasteful dressing and grouping of the artiste employed wins lond applause and perpetual encoreB for lines that aim at travesty in an altogether wrong direction. There is a troop of charity girls, charmingly attired, who sing pretty melodies and strike quaintly picturesque attitudes; but although no doubt exemplary enough in private life, yet as they appear on the stage they are all brazen little huzzies beneath their modest mob-caps and snow- white bibs. The " virtuous gardener" hero is a coward and knave as well as a false lover, and is rewarded with a rich wife. The "self-made man" is a cheat, and "the village maiden" consoles herself with a profligate captain on discovering that her old sweetheart has deserted her for a richer bride. The pieee earns the title of " nautical" Sy the facte that "Billee Taylor" is pressed on board a man-of-war by order of tbe profligate captain, who has fallen suddenly in love with the village maiden " Phoebe," and that the broadly comic character is "Ben Barnacle, bo'sun of H.MS. Thnnderbomb," and the whole is somewhat too manifestly an in tended satire upon the lives of "William and Susan" at the St. James's Theatre. i 