Lord Brackenburv : A NOVEL. BY AMELIA B. EDWARDS, [The right of publication in Australasia his been purchased by the proprietors ct the Sydney Mail.] Chapteu XXVIII.— Divine Philosophy. Horace Cochrane had a certain favourite bad habit— a habit so deeply rooted and so long cherished that it had become, if not a necessity of life, an indispensable adjunct to one of the first necessities of life— namely, sleep. He used to read in bed. Ill or well, early or late, he carried up his book as regularly as he carried up his candle ; and no nutter how tired he might be, he could not sleep— or, which is the same thing, fancied he could not sleep— without it. So, although it was past two o'clock when he bade Lancelot good- night, he, as usual, provided himself with what he called his ' literary nightcap.' Tint his nie-htcaD on this occasion nlaved him falsn. nnrt kept him broad awake. It was the same book of which he had carelessly turned some fifty pages or so, that evening of Mr. Marrable's visit, when a certain conversation already recorded took place in the studio after dinner. A new book then; just launched, uncut, unread, unreviewed — an old book now, according to the chronology in force at circu lating libraries ; but in another sense for ever new, seeing that it has passed into a classic, and promises to last as long as the tongue in which it is written. Re suming it with every disposition to slip it presently under his pillow and go to sleep, Cochrane read on and on with increasing interest, till he found himself at the end of the volume. Then he put out his lamp and resolved to go to sleep. But his head was full of what he had been reading, and he fried in vain to think of other things — of falling water, of armies marching past, of waves breaking on the beach, and the like. Then he tried counting from one to five thousand, but long enough before he reached the end of the first thou sand, he caught himself running after a dozen different trains of thought, mixing up the people and places of the I book with people and places among whom and which he was now living, till past and present, poetry and prose, faces and scenes the most incongruous, chased each other in a kind of demon rout through his brain. Weimar, old Lois, Goetz von Berlichingen, Langtrey Grange, 'The Sorrows of Werter' and the Brackenburv law-suit; Kotzebue, Karl August, and the Countess Castelrossa ; La Spezzia, with its untold tale of crime and mystery ; Winifred Savage and her flock of snow-white pigeons ; Frankfort and Downing-street, and the Bride Stones with their apocryphal legend ; Lady j Symes, Isaac Plant, and Mr. Marrables ? He bore it till he could bear it no longer. Then, in sheer desperation, he struck a light, partly dressed, and stole downstairs in search of the second volume. All was dark below, and so silent that he could hear the clock ticking in the kitchen, and a cricket shrilling on the hearth. He shaded his candle with his hand as he crossed the passage, and set it softly down outside the studio door. Then he slowly turned the handle. It yielded noiselessly. To his surprise he found the room full of light, and Lancelot still up.| He had brought out his unfinished painting, and placed it on a chair close under the lamp. His back was towardc the door. His attitude indicated profound absorption— arm a folded ; head bent, eyes and thoughts intent upon the can vas. For a moment, Cochrane hesitated to disturb him ; and in that moment — so capricious are the ways of memory — he suddenly remembered all about that vaguely-recollected head which he fancied he had seen in some Venetian Gallery. 'So! not gone to bedr' he said, rattling the door handle, and coming in with an air of well-feigned unpre meditation. 'Don't look so startled, my dear fellow. I can't sleep to night, and I've come down for the second volume of that ' Life of Goethe.' But what business have you to be flirting with the fine arts at this unearthly hour of the morning ? ' 'None whatever; only I thought I would just glance at my picture with a fresh eye, not having seen it for several days!' And, but for Coclirane's hand upon his arm, he would have hastily replaced the canvas with its face to the wall. ' Not so fast, if yon please,' interposed that intelligent observer. ' I should like to look at it again.' It is an upright subject, containing two figures, half life-size, in mediaeval costume — a student seated, a woman standing, a table between them. The woman wears a green and white dress, edged with dark fur. Young, beautiful, earnest-looking, she gazes out of the picture with a rapt expression. Iler left hand rests upon a globe of iridescent glass. The youth (in a short surcoat of violet velvet, black hose, and pointed shoes) sits with his back towards the spectator, his face uDturned, his hand grasping the arm of bis rhair, in act to rise. Pale, eager-eyed, breathless, he listens, and his soul seems to hang upon her lips. The table is strewn with, mathematical instruments and writing materials. An illuminated missal lies open on the floor. The background represents a Gothic interior seen in the warm glow of a stained glass window, one pane of which, being open, lets in a flood of pure light upon the face and figure of the girl. The picture, half real, half symbolic, tells its story easily. Tbe artist calls it ' Divine Philosophy.' ' Humph !« — just fio,' said Cochrane, after contemplating it for some moments in silence. ' You don't know what a compliment I have been paying you, mv artist friend. I have actuallv been taking you for Paris Bordone.' '? ' Paris Bordone?— well I have often wished that the soul of Titian had elected to enter into this poor body of mine ; * but I'm not so sure that I would care to afford a local X habitation to Paris Bordone. What put that comparison S into vour head ?' ? ' Divine Philosophy herself. I recognised that head the ? moment I saw Miss Savage with her hat off ; yet I could §g not conceive where I had seeu it. I made sure it was in .S some painting of the Venetian school .... and there j H is a feeling of Bordone in it — a warm flesh-and-blood i f, soliditv— a directness— a freshness .... by Jove! | 'j Brackenburv. it's a mighty nice bit of painting.' t ?; ' I wish I could think so,' said the artist with some em- K barrassment. Kg: ' Why didn't you tell me it was a portrait of Miss u Savage?'' B ' It is not a portrait,' said Lancelot, reddening. K Cochrane looked first at him, then at the picture, and ? lifted his eyebrows incredulously. ? ' That is to say, it is not altogether an ideal head. I — I I may have taken a hint ? ' I ' Miss Savnge did not sit for it, then ?' £ ' Certainly not.' _ 8 Cochrane made a telescope of his hands ; drew back ; and, I whistling 6oftly, inspected the picture from various * distances. # 'For a portrait — painted — from memory,' he said I slowly, with a pause between each word, ' it is really — an. 1 uncommonly — good likeness. And whatever you may say, M my friend, a portrait is a portrait — whether the person re- u 1 presented sits for it or not. The complexion is capital— poso ? r ! of the head veiy cleverly managed— the eye, too— earnest, . \| luminous, frank .... you have caught the expres- J sion, ar.d given it just that touch of elevation which the subject demands.' Then, with a sudden change from criticism to sarcasm, he added meaningly : — ' « Her eyes, her lips, her chocks, her shape, her features Seem to be drawn by Love's own hand — By Love himself in love ; ' —who says that, by the way ? Not Shakespeare ? ' Lancelot drew himself up. ' The lines, I think, are Dryden's,' he said, stiffly ; ' but I do not see their application.' ' I beg your pardon— it's no business of mine. Anyhow, . you have painted a remarkably good picture. What the - 1 deuce has become of that second volume ? — Thanks, I have ] found it— under this heap of newspapers.' j And with a glance at the clock on the mantelshelf, now pointing to half-past three, Cochrane once more said 'Good . night.' But as he opened the door, he paused and listened. ' What's that?' he said. ' What is what ? ' Cochrane held up hi6 hand. 'Hush!' he said. 'I hear a horse galloping ? it draws nearer! Surely, you hear it now ? ' ' I think I do ? By Jove ! it's some one coming down the lane— and in a devil of a hurry, too ! Let's go and see j what it is ! ' t; The doors were all barred and bolted, and there were two ? j to open. The rider outside had meanwhile pulled up at tho - ~ gate, and was hallooing at the top of his voice. 'You might shout long enough, my friend, before James would hear vou,' muttered Lancelot, as he slipped! the last bolt. ' *fhor with his hammer would not wake ? that fellow, when he is kept up till after midnight. Now, then — who are you, and what do you want?' ' A ' want Dr. Saunders ! ' replied a voice from out the darkness. ' Dr. Saunders has been gone this hour and a half. You : must have met him on the road.' ' Not a bit on't ! Tell 'ee 's slecp'n the night here. Go week 'un up, will 'ee, an' tell 'un's wantin.' ' What's the matter, my man, and where do you coma from ? ' asked Lancelot. ' I 6eem to know your voice.' ' It baint Muster Brack'nbry ? ' / Lancelot had by this time undone tho yard gate and % admitted this late visitor, who came in leading his horse by I the bridle. But it was so dark that neither could distin- 1 guish the other's features. j ' Yes, it is I — and if I could only find a lantern -1 ' Oh ! Loard, sir — Muster Brack'nbry, it's mo, sir — Reuben ! ' ' Miss Langtrey's Reuben ? Good God ! man, what's the matter?' 'Eh, then. Muster Brack'nbry, Madam's took wi' a strook, an' Miss Winifred she thinks th'missus be a' dyin' —so she sent me to fetch the new doctor ; an' the wench at un's lodgin' she said a' was sleep'n at Ow'd Coort — so I turned the cob's hid, an' brought un along by the short ? , cute through Deadman's Clough an' Cook's Spinny. An's gone whoam arter all ? ' ' Miss Langtrey dying ! And you have ridden to Sin- t gleton, and from Singleton here ?' J ' Ees, sir ; and th' cob's welly clemmed.' 1 ' You shall leave the cob in my stable, and I'll mount I you on a fresh horse. Here James ! — James, you fool ! | Wake up, there! Rouse the fellow for me somehow, * Cochrane, if you break the door in ! Good heavens ! and when did this happen? What! in the afternoon? But that's twelve hours ago ! Why was I not sent for at once? ? Dr. Phipps ? Ah! you should have fetched Dr. Saunders at the first ! Yes, my lad, he was to have slept here; but he changed his mind and went back with a gentleman who was going to the barracks. So here's James at last! Look here, James, give that cob a wash down, a clean bed, and a warm mash; and wake George up, and bid him saddle Brown Hariy, and put the mare in the trap immediately. You shall take Brown Harry, Reuben ? No, I'll take Brown Harry, and you shall take the trap, and bring Saunders back in it to the Grange. Cochrane, my dear boy, this is a bad business- I don't ask you to come with me at this hour of the morning ; but perhaps you'll ride over after breakfest, if I'm not back by then, and see how matters are going on ?' ' I'll be bound it's not so bad as this fellow represents it,' said Cochrane. ' These rustics always exaggerate.' ' God grant you be right ! Here, Reuben, my lad — come into the house, and take something to keep the cold out, before you start back again.' Chapteu XXX.— In the Long Gallery. It was just five o'clock in the morning when Lancelot Brackenbury led his horse across the little bridge over the moat at Langtrey Grange. The darkness was intense ; the roads were bad ; and a drizzling rain had been falling over since he started. The air, too, was raw and chill, as befitted the hour and the season. Knowing that there was no one to take his horse, Lancelot led him to the stables ; silenced the dogs with a friendly whistle ; lit Reuben' s lantern ; and himself attended to the wants of lu's beast. This done, he went roinid to the front ; rang ; waited ; rang again, and again waited ; and so went on till, just as he was debating whether he should not go back to the stables and keep Brown Harry company till dawn, he heard a bolt drawn, and a voice inside saying: — '' Is that you, Reuben ? ' ' It is I— Lancelot.' There was an exclamation — the dropping of an iron chain — the quick opening of a door — ana WL ^.red stood before him with a wavering night-lamp in her hand. ' Oh, Lancelot ! ' ... ., There was a glad thankfulness in the tone, which B8H 1 more than any words of welcome. He went in and shut tbe door. «' How is she ? ' he nsked. ' Belter now, and sleeping 'quietly. But 6he was so feverish a little after midnight, that 1 sent Reuben for Dr. Saunders. How did you know she was ill? ' Because Saunders had been dining with me, ana Reuben came after him to Old Court.' . , . , . , And he explained how, the one being in his chaise and the other on horseback, they had taken different roads, and mi-e-6lfutVbcrw Mine you to call in Saunders ? ' he asked. evening. He came the moment he was summoned ; but having to go to Chester by a late tarn he bade me send for DrSaunders in case of need. Perhaps I was wrong to send ; but I was frightened— she seemed so wandering and excited.' . «' But she is asleep now t # , -c yes ? she had been sleeping for the last two hours. Bridget 'is with her, and will call me the moment she ^fs]r€s-' « ' Then you had gone to bed, my poor child ! ' ' No ? I was lying on the sofa in the oak parlour. I suppose ! was asleep; for I woke thinking it was Sunday, and fancying I heard the church bells ringing.' Tbey had gone into the dining- room, and Winifred, as she said this, dropped wearily into the same chair from which Miss Langtrey had fallen. The room was still In disorder— the chairs standing about, writing materials on the table, a water decanter and a half- filled tumbler on the sideboard. 'But why did you not sendffor me at once?' said Lancelot, leaning against the table. ' How and when did it happen ? Reuben said something about ' a stroke ; ' but it's not so bad as that, I hope? Tell me all a*She had little to tell, and of that little the greater part is already known to us. The lawyers had met ; the mortgage was paid off ; and Miss Langtrey, being over-excited, had fallen forward, as if fainting, in the act of signing a receipt for the title-deeds. The ordinary restoratives failing to revive her, she continued insensible, though breathing heavily, for more than three hours. Dr. Phipps, who arrived a little before six, bled her in the arm, applied ice to the temples, and succeeded in bringing her back to consciousness. Ho then left, enjoining absolute quiet, aud promising to return next morning on his way back from Chester. She slept awhile after this, or seemed to sleep ; but towards midnight became feverish and talkative. Then Winifred despatched Reuben for Dr. Saunders. ' And the nature of the attack ? ' ' He did not say. I asked him if there was danger, and he replied that he hoped not. I know what that means.' ' It means that he will not commit himself to an opinion.' Winifred shook her head. ' I have no hope,' she said, quietly. 'But I am not going to break down. There will be time enough for tears —by and by.' Lancelot bent over her, and gently touched her hand. 'Dear, you must not think that,' he said. 'Your aunt is one of the last persons in the world to be stricken in that way — so spare, so active, so abstemious I Believe me, it i6 most improbable.' He felt an immense longing to take the hand in his — to hold it fast ; but he turned away instead, and went to tho window. ' Her room is over this, I think P' he said presently. ' No, it is over the oak parlour.' ?' No one, of course, sleeps in the long gallery ? ' Too unhappy to note the irrelevancy of the question, she listlessly answered, ' No.' Still he stood looking put. ' It is strange, he said, presently ; ' but since I have been standing here I have fancied. ... it can be only fancy ! ' ' What do you mean ? ' ' Well, it must be some reflection from the windows on this side ; but I seem to see a light in the long gallery.' She got up quickly, and followed him to the window. ' It is no fancy,' she said, in a frightened whisper. ' I see it— plainly. No, no, don't go— don't dream of it ! ' ' But if any one is there! ' 'There is no one. Do you forget the old tradition? — the wandering light that is seen when a Langtrey is going o die?' 'Absurd! — why you laughed at that story the other day ! ' ' I don't laugh at it now. See ! it moves ! Lancelot, I will not have you go ! ' 'My dear Winifred, I don't believe in ghosts that go about with lighted lanterns at five or six in the morning. If it were midnight it would be orthodox, and quite another matter. Nay, I must go ; but not unarmed. See, here is a famous weapon ! It will be a brave ghost that receives this upon his crown without either vanishing into thin air, or surrendering at discretion.' Saying which, he laughingly snatched up the poker and made for the door. ' Very well. If you go, I go with you.' ' It is not my fault if I am obliged to be uncivil — but you will only be in my way.' ' I cannot help that. I am not frightened now ; and I will carry the light for you.' There were two ways of reaching the long gallery ; one through the kitchen and up a back staircase; the other across the courtyard and by the door in the gateway. They chose the last and nearest. ' It rains faster than ever,' said he, looking out from the porch. ' The yard is a labyrinth of pools. You will catch a desperate cold.' ' Hush ! —I hear Bridget.' They stopped, listening. In that moment a light glim mered at the top of the stairs, and they heard the old ?woman crying : — ' Miss Winifred — oh. Miss Winifred! ' They glanced at each other, and the same dread fell upon both. Lancelot sprang up the stairs and met Bridget on the landing. She threw up her hands wildly. ' Oh, sir ! ' she quavered, ' Madam's gone ! ' He looked back at Winifred, She was leaning against the wall, white and trembling. ' Why did you not call her in time ? ' he said angrily. ' Indeed, then, I just closed my eyes for a minute, sir only one minute. ...' ' And in that minute she died ? ' ' Eh then, good Lord, sir ! I didn't say she were dead ! She's gone, I tell 'ee ! ' 'Gone?' ' Ay, gone — her bed empty, an' the quilt strippit off, an' the night-lamp reft from the table! — an' here we stand haverin' and chatterin' whilst we might be seekin' for her.' Thinking she must be mad or dreaming, the young man enatched the candle from her hand, and rushed to Miss Langtrey' s room. The door stood wide; the bed was empty; the bed clothes were dragged aside. All was as she said. As for the bed, it was quite cold — as cold as if it had not been occupied for hours. W hat, then, had become of her ? They did not even ask each other, except by broken exclamations. Breathlessly, confusedly, they ran from chamber to chamber, calling, looking, listening. She was not in Winifred's room. Neither was she in any of the empty rooms beyond. If not upstairs, she must be downstairs; and yet that Bhe should have had strength to get down seemed in credible. They searched the oak parlour; the store-room; Bridget's little sitting-room; last of all, the kitchen. Beyond the kitchen lay the great old kitchen of former days, and other unused offices ; but the door of communi cation was barred and locked, and had been so for years. ' She must be in the house,' said Lancelot. Then, with a sudden catching of his breath, he ex claimed : — ' Good God ! the light — the light in the long gallery ! ' They had forgotten it in the suddenness of their terror : but now ? His first impulse was to undo the door of communication ; but the bolts were rusty and the key gone ; so they had no resource but to turn back by way of the courtyard, and the courtyard— all driving biist under a canopy of dark in i which there was no 6treak or sign of dawn — was, as j Lancelot said,' ' a labyrinth of pools.' j ' In such a night! ' said Winifred, 'shiveringly. ' In *uch weather. . . . Oh, Lancelot ! it is impossible.' ' I fear it is only too true,' he eaid. ' Give me the light — see there ! ' The door of the old banqueting hall was ajar — the key ?was in the lock — the threshold was splashed and streaked, as by the trailing of wet garments. These streaks went all along the floor, getting fainter towards the upper end, and ceasing upon the narrow stairs leading up to the gallery. At the top of the stairs Winifred hung back, trembling; but Lancelot pushed open the door and went in. She was either there, or had been there. Her lamp stood on the floor, about half-way along the gallery, flickering low, and all but out. Beyond it, all was dark.* ' Aunt Hester !— dear Aunt Hester, where are you ? ' Her voice seemed to wander down the gallery and lose itself in whispering echoes. Hesitatingly they went for ward, Lancelot holding high the light, Winifred followine: All at once they stopped. What was that ? It sounded like a low, chuckling laugh. Seized with an inexpressible dread, the girl clung to her companion and uttered an involuntary cry. ' Hush ! — she is there ! She must not be startled. Steady, dear— you need all your courage.' She was there — half-lying on the floor, half-sitting, between the last window and the raised dais at the end of the gallery. Her head was uncovered, and her eyes glistened from under a tangle of wet gray hair. She had no a loose dressing-gown of some dark stuff, outside which she had rolled herself in the quilt, as if conscious of the | cold. As they drew near, she looked away, and laughed again, and muttered to herself, j ' 'We must make haste,' she said; 'or we shall not be ready in time. It's a pity the flowers are all over ; but there are plenty of evergreens. Bridget remembers how we decked the walls when he came of age ? but that was in May, and now it is November. WTiere's Winifred ? Why i is she so long dressing ? Does she know that the Queen is coming, and that her uncle has won his law-suit ? ' ' Dearest Aunt Hester, I am here.' Miss Langtrey looked at her vaguely. ' No, no — not you ; ' she said. ' I want Winifred — I sent for Winifred. Her mother is gone to Jamaica, you know. ... Be sure they don't forget the lights this time in the musicians' gallery. Did you hear the bells ? They rang just like that, the day he came of age. . . . We sent the ringers a barrel of beer to drink his health, and they must have the same to- day.' ' Her hands and feet are like ice,' said Winifred, the tears running down her cheeks. '* How shall we get her back ? What is to be done ? ' ' Done ? ' she said, catching up the last word. ' There's a great deal to be done yet .... there's an ox to be roasted whole, and we have no red cloth to lay down, when the Queen comes into the hall. They say it was strewn with rushes when she was here before ; but that was in the olden time, before you and 1 were born ! ' Then, with a sudden change of mood, she moaned and nailed, and rocked herself to and fro. ' Poor Stephen! poor Stephen ! You come too late to save him ! 1 have paid off the mortgage, but it is of no use now. He is dead and gone— dead and gone- the last of his name ! ' 'Where is Bridget?' cried Winifred, despairingly. ' Why doesn't she come ? ' ' I called to her to bring some warm wraps,' replied Lancelot. ' I thought she was following us. Will you be afraid to stay here for a few moments while I— —Ah, thank heaven ! here is Dr. Saunders.' Dr. Saunders, pulling off his great coat, as he came along ; Reuben splashed from head to foot ; Bridget with anarmfull of shawls; Joan, the dairy wench, pale and frightened, and carrying a lantern — they were all there. Miss Langtrey shrank back, and pushed away the shawls which Winifred tried to wrap about her. ' I don't know him ! ' ehe whispered, cowering. ' I don't like his eyes. Tell him to go away — tell him he is not invited ! ' Then, plucking at Bridget's sleeve : — ' Hush ! ' she said, ' this is a great occasion ! ' Tis a pity we sold the plate ; but we have the Queen's tankard still. You'll find it, in the oak chest in your master's bedroom. Will she remember it, do you think ? That was two hundred and fifty years ago, and no one has drunk from it 6ince.' They had laid her now upon a pile of rugs, Winifred, sitting beside her on the floor, supported her head, while Joan and Bridget chafed her hands and feet, ' Had we not better carry her back to her own room, and get her into bed?' asked Lancelot, taking tho physician apart. But Dr. Saunders shook his head. ' It is useless to torment her,' he said. ' But the cold of this place will kill her ! ' ' My dear Lord Brackenbury, the poor lady is dying.' Dying ! Lancelot could not believe it. That she should have had strength to get up and come all this way, and yet be dying, seemed to him impossible. ' You may see how she has changed within these last few minutes,' said the physician. ' The fictitious energy of delirium is already spent. Her voice is perceptibly weaker ; her pulse more feeble at every beat.' She was lying back now, exhausted, but muttering always. Then she closed her eyes, and seemed for a moment as if she slept ; but waked with a start, and bade them seat her on the throne. 'lam too ill to dance,' she said, 'but I will look CS.V Why don't they bring more lights? Yes, the music may begin. Where is my Lord of Leicester ? We know your motto, Sir Marmaduke— ' Langtrey : Lovaulte.' The Lang treys were ever loyal; but they are fallen — fallen — fallen.' She shivered— murmured something about its being ' a cold wecome for a Queen' — 6niiled — waved her hand fantastically — leaned her head against the back of the chair —closed her eyes again — sighed twice or thrice — then moved, breathed, sighed no more. ' Water ! water ! she is fainting,' cried Winifred. ' Has no one thought to bring any water ? ' Then, wildly wringing her hands : — ' Why do you all stand doing nothing ? Why don't you help her 'r ' ' She has passed beyond reach of help from us, dear lady,' said Dr. Saunders, gently. ' She is dead.' Chapter XXXI.— Winifred's Resolve. ' Mun I speak to you a minnut, please, Miss ? '' The voice outside the door was Reuben's. The curly head so cautiously thrust in, so quickly withdrawn, was also Reuben's. Of the instinctive delicacy which prompted him to start back, he was as unconscious as a savage. He only felt that he ought not to see what he saw on looking in, and that he must feign not to have seen it. Yet it was no such extraordinary sight. Only a lady at a breakfast table— a lady dressed in deepest black; her breakfast untasted; her arms thrown forward on the table ; her head down ; sobbing— sobbing— sobbing as if her heart would break. Six days had gone by— the last six mournful days of November. Days when the house was dark within, and the 6kies were dark without, and the rain fell unceasingly. Days of seclusion and melancholy preparation, ending with one' more sad than all its forerunners— a day when the last Langtrey of that ancient name was borne across the threshold of the old house in which her life had been epent, and which thenceforth would know her no more. Mrs. Pennefeather had been much with Winifred all through this trying time, and having remained that last day till quite late, left her with anxious reluctance. ' But for baby and the children, nothing should induce me to go home,' she said. ' It wrings my heart to leave you alone.' ' But I must learn to be alone.' ' My poor Winifred ! ' ' Yes— it is a hard lesson ; but the sooner I begin to master it, the better.' ' Ah, but you cannot go on living in this huge old place all by yourself ! You would die of melancholy.'' ' 1 don't think so,' Winifred replied, with a wan smile. ' I love every stone of it. I am happier here than I could be anywhere else.' Mrs. Pennefeather shook her head. 'Well, well,' 6he said, ' it is too soon as yet to make plans for the future.' So, with many entreaties that Winifred would not break down when she was gone, the curate's wife took her departure. And now this was the morning after — the morning of the first day of the new life; the new, joyless, solitary life which Winifred Savage must bear as best she could in the empty house of her fathers. She came down resolved to be brave; resolved not to begin the day by giving way to sorrow. But the sight of Mies Langtrey's empty chair put back against the wall, and the sound of old Bridget's footsteps as she went from room to room, pulling up the blinds which had been down for so many days — these sights and sounds were too much for her steadfastness, and she broke down utterly. It was at this moment that Reuben came to the door with his ' Mun I speak to you a minnut, please, Miss ! ' She started ; choked down the sobs ; rose quickly ; aud went over to the window. 'Is that you, Reuben?' she asked, when shejcould trust her voice. ' Ees, Miss.' ' Well, what is it ? Come in.' ' She was now standing so that he conld not see her face. '? Wull, Miss, it's about the kye. We'en had so much rain, ye see, an' it coom sich a pash last night, that there's a ruck o' wayter out, an' the flats they be welly flooded. The kye mun bide i th' yard tilly wayter goes doon.' ' Of course they must, Reuben.' ' An' please, Miss, we bin at th' last o' th' owd hee ; an' I mun knaw if so be as we mun begin the new stack hinder the wood-shed ! An' Joe Tunni cliff, ho be coom to fettle the stra' yard gate ; an' er ses if er's to ma' a good job on't, er mun ma' new poses ; an' please, miss, the rollers o' the chaff-cutter be out o' gear; an' the little tumbril warted ow'r yester mornin', and th' tire cooined off th' near wheeal ; an' th' owd mare ha' cast a shoe, an' I want to know a If 1 mun tak un t' th' smithy ?' Poor AVinifred ! she knew no more about hay, and chaff cutters, and cart-wheels, than Reuben knew about the lists of Manetho. Miss Langtrey had always attended to the framing. It was the department in which she reigned supreme; herself ordering, approving, superintending every thing, from the choice of a drain-pipe to the 6ale of a heifer. And she was reputed as practical a farmer, as good a j udge of dairy-stock, and as keen a hand at a bargain, as any agriculiurist in all that country side. As for Reuben and the two old labourers who did the farm work, they had been accustomed to look to ' th' missus' for everything, and had not an idea of their own. Now they would turn to Winifred for their daily guidance \- -and how was she to guide them ? Must she confess ignorance, ai-d bid them rely upon their own experience ? lier common sense at once dccided against that injudicious alternative. She must accept the responsibility, aud for the present, at all events, do the best she could. ' Well, Reuben,' she said, ' Ijsvill coine round presently to look at tbe chaff-cutter.' ' Ees, Miss.' ' And you may tell Joe Tunnicliff that I will speak to him myself about the gate. In the meanwhile, you can take the mare over to Purkins's, and ask him to shoe her at once.' ' Ees, Miss ; an' — an' ? ' ' Well, what more ? ' ' Nothin', Miss; on'y— on'y, please, Miss, I be so sorry ! ' The tears welled up again ; but she kept them back. ' Yes, Reuben,' she said gently, ' I know you are sorry; but don't speak about it, please — at least not yet awhile— till 1 am better able to bear it. Do you understand ? ' Reuben touched an imaginary cap, made his scrape, and vanished silently. But he understood so well that in less than five minutes he had warned Joe Tunnicliff aud the labourers to ' keep a still tongue, and say nowt about th' owd missus ; vor 'twar more nor Miss Wia'fred could bear.' And presently Miss Winifred herself came out, marble pale, with a stem, set look about her mouth, and went the round of the farm-buildings, just as her aunt had been wont to go round daily ; giving an eye to the poultry -yard and the stables, making sure that the cob was well cared for, inquiring after the welfare of the sitting hens and the litter of young pigs, and seeing that the cows had a plentiful meal of hay cut from the new stack which Reuben described as ' hinder' the wood-6hed.' Then, when all this was done, and Joe Tunnicliff had received his orders about the gate, and the chaff-cutter had been duly inspected, she unchained the St. Bernard, who had been straining frantically at his collar ever since hear ing her voice about the yards, and started for a long, solitary walk. It no longer actually rained; but it had been raining almost without intermission for the last ten days, and the country reeked with damp. The moat was well nigh brimming over; the lanes were strewn with wet and rotting leaves; and a white stream brooded sullenly above the flooded flats. But Winifred was content with the weather. To her it seemed that Nature was in tune with her own mood, and that anything was better than bright skies and sunshine. She walked fast, taking the driest paths she could find, and avoiding the most frequented. All she wanted was to be alone; to go somewhere, no matter where; to do some thing, no matter what; to Bhake off, though but for an hour, the dead weight of her solitude. For, crabbed and imperious though she might be, Miss Langtrey, after all, was the only mother whom Winifred Savage had known. And the old lady had done her duty well and fairly by her orphan niece, loving her next after the brother whom she so idolised ; educating her as well as she knew how ; and setting her from first to last a brave example under poverty and privation. But now the very mainstay of the girl's life was struck away. Of what com fort was it that the struggle with poverty 'was ended ? She told herself that, without Miss Langtrey, she would as soon be poor as rich. Even her joy in the redemption of the mortgage was turned to bitterness. She would scarcely grieve now, she thought, though The Grange were sold to a stranger. And then, what was she to do with her life? Mrs. Pennefeather had said only yesterday that she could not go on living alone in the old house ; and though she declared at the moment that she must learn to accept her lot, she felt in her heart that the solitude was more than she knew how to bear. By and by, perhaps, she might be able to devote herself to the place and tho people ; repairing The Grange, improving the land, rebuilding the cottages and schools, and striving to be as helpful and practical as her aunt would have been under these bettered circumstances. But for this work she was not yet strong enough. Selfdepen dence is not learned in a day ; and she instinctively felt that in order to acquire it, she needed some stimulus from without. if she could but get away for a while— away from the sympathising faces, and the familiar sights and sounds of home . . . that would give her strength; that was what she needed. But then Winifred was as ignorant ' of the outer world as a cloistered nun. When quite a child, she had been once to Scarborough, and twice or thrice to Rhyl ; but that was in the days when her Uncle Stephen was not yet ruined. Since his death, and for many a year before he died, she had not known what it was to spend a week from home. Yet she was fast making up her mind to a bold step, though in what direction she knew not. One thing, at all events, seemed clear to her. She must make her plan at once, before others should begin planning for her. She must make it at once, announce it at once, and carry it into effect with all possible prompti tude. Thus would she be spared the pain of reject ing well- intentioned counsel, and avoid the equally painful consciousness that she was a burthen and a eource of anxiety to those around her. By ' those around her' 6he meant not only Mr. and Mrs. Pennefeather, but Lancelot Brackenbury. Where, then, could she go ? She knew, of course, that there were numbers of good schools in France, Belgium, and Germany, wheie she might live as in a home, and have what is called ' the benefit of masters.' There was one at Stuttgard, for instance, where a niece of Mrs. Caldicott's had boarded once for nearly three years. Mrs. Caldicott herself was educated at a certain famous Institute at Zoileu strasse-am-Main. Then there was Munich. . . . Had she not quite latelv read the narrative of an English lady's life aB an Art-student in that modern Weimar ; and might it not be possible for her to do likewise ? Rome, again — but Rome was too far away ; and Paris was too gay, and London too vast. It must be Munich. Munish was neither too lively, nor too distant, nor too big. Munich was homely. Munich was studious. In Munich she could work ; and above all else, she craved for occupation. Yes, her mind - was made up ; she would goto Munich. ' 