TBE POSITION OF TUE POPE IN ROME. THE riot which took place not long sinco in Home, at midnight, when the rcmainB of Fius IX. were being removed from tho Vatican to tba Church of 8t. Lorenzo, WOB from any point of view a deplorable and even a scandalous occurrence ; but its truo importance is likely to arise from some delicate and difficult ques- tions which it haB forced into promiueucc. But for thc special position of thc Pope, its consequences would soon cease to be felt. There is no reason to suppose, though asser- tions to thc contrary arc strongly made, that any large portion of thc population ol Homo took part in it. Tho Pope indeed will have it that thc " faithful Unmans,'' or, in other words, thc bulk of thc citizens, rose from their bods spontaneously to escort to his grave their late beloved and injured Sovereign, and were shamefully insulted aud disturbed iu their grief by a handful of miscreants. Thc spokes- men of the rioters equally take Ibo name of the lioman population in vain, and insist that the whole people, outraged by the honours paid to the enemy nf their principles, by a small band of superstitious fanatics, made sn innocent demonstration merely lo show thc strength of their feelings and convictions. But it is now well established that thc mourners who accompanied Ibo funeral were not many, and ils disturbers very few, thc tkst consisting of well-known zealots for tho old (system, and thc last of that disorderly , residuum which every revolution leaves behind it, because thc men who compose it arc not really capable of being satisfied by any political change. Nevertheless, thc attack made on thc coffin and funeral train through several nf its results, and more especially through an usually violent Allocu- tion vhich UM: l'ope bas been provoked into ¡HibliMiiní-', ha" t-""ne fir (o make a buruiii", question in Italian politics of that "Law of j Guarantees " by whioli the Pope's position in Homo is regulated. Tho Pontiff, whoso claims to territorial sovereignty aro asserted in tho vivat» of his adherents for tho "l'ope-King," is in point of fact still a territorial Sovereign by virtue of tho Law of Guarantees. But his kingdom is tim smallest in the world, limited to thc Palace of thc Viticau. Within its precincts he rcigus as a King, independent of thc Italian law which extends to his threshold, It is iu virtue of this singular sovereignty that bis representatives are recognised and enjoy ambassadorial honour« and privileges in almost all foreign countries. It is also by reason of bia theoretical sovereignty that ho says what ho likes within the boundaries of bis palace-a liberty of which both the late and thc present Pope have availed themselves to thc utmost. Tho Pope accepts, practically, thc position made for him by thc Italian Parliamont and Government, but declines to acknowledge its limitations. Ile behaves ns a King in the Vatican, but as a King entitled to reign over all Home and all thc former Roman States. Ile will have nothing to do with the Law of Guaran- tees, and professes no knowlcdgo of it. Ho has never drawn ono coin of thc handsome State allowance provided for him out of Italian revenues. He is perpetually informing tho world through bis addresses to thc Cardinals and all Catholic States through his Nuncois that he is s prisoner and in bonds. There will always be a portion of thc Italian public which, having no love for the Papacy already, is profoundly irritated by this attitude and language, and is beginning to press on thc Government tho questions why auy ono Italian should bc above Italian law, and why, if there be such a privilege, it Bhould bc conferred on one who himself spurns it. Tho Italian Government is manifestly desirous of maintaining the Law of Guarantees, but the Fops and tho Roman K>.trcmists are making it very difficult to keep thc legal immunities of the Vatican out of thc pale of discussion. The repeal of the Law of Guarantees presents the greatest difficulties, whether tho Pope should remain in Rome or whether, as in the belief of fervent Catholics would infallibly happen, ho should depart to a residence in some foreign country-to Malta, to Munich, or to some spot in that general refuge for dethroned dignitaries, the Austrian Empire. This last eventuality would be deeply distasteful to thc muss of Italians, little as the distaste is avowed. They aro, no, doubt, desirous of tracing the lineage of their national existence rather ta thc Romau Rcpulic and Kinpirc than to the Italy of the Middle Ages. Tho wish to efface as much as possible of that picturesque survival of inediaival life and society, thc Rome of thc Popes, is thc secret of most ot that scraping and scrubbing which goes on at Borne ana which excites such profound disgust in the devotee of art. Still the Italians are not un- conscious that it was thc Pope who on tho Italian side continued the Kornau dominion. As Hobbes said, he was "the ghost of tho Korean Empire sitting enthroned upon thc tomb thereof." Nor docs their present quarrel with tho Pope altogether blina them to tho great share which the Papal authority has always bad, and oven now has, in giving to Italy its place in tho thoughts and tho in- terest of civilized men. On the other hand, to abolish tho Law of Guarantees and to koep the Pope in Home would he in the highest degree awkward, even if it wcro possible. For the Pope would then become an Italian subject. Either ho must bc silenced, which would bc th« same thing as thc annihilation of his office, or tho Italian Government must become responsible for all he says or docs. It would have to bo called to account for all thc habitual and indeed official violence of thc language used in his allocutions, briefs, and bulls. If thc Pope was alleged or believed to endanger tho peace of Franco or Germany by his contumacy or his perversity, it would bc to the Cabinet of King Humbert that Prince Bismarck or M. Jules Ferry, or perhaps M. Gambetta, would have to appeal for redress. In fact, most anomalous as is thc position of thc Popo under tho Italian law of 1870, and serious as aro occasionally thc inconveniences resulting from it, thc repeal of the law would giva rise to inconveniences of a far craver class-so grave, indeed, that they could not possibly be allowed to continue. Wo aro forced to conclude from the late scandal and the difficulties of which it is proving to be thc source, that Pope Pius IX,, alive and dead, has been thc cause of the greatest «alamatics to thc Church of which ho was the head. In bis coffin he brought about this deplorable riot, which has broken the truce between tho Quirinal and thc Vatican. The work which ho did alive is bcariug fruit throughout Europe in a state of papular feeling towards thc Papacy and the branches of tho priesthood most closely connected with it, which constitutes a passage of history almost as serious for it as the great Bcformation or the great Revolution. In this country nobody quite understood what Pope Pius was doing. There was a disposition to regard him as an amiable fanatic, and to look upon his attempt to break into modem ideas as an effort of silly spiritual Quixotism. But modern society on thc Con- tinent, which ho repeatedly excommunicated, has taken them in earnest. It hos accepted tho glove which he threw down. Tho extent to which detestation of thc Papacy had gone was first seen by Princo Bismarck's rare intuition. It was discovered afterwards by the French Republican Government, almost by accident ; but its defiance of the Clerical spirit and of its chief organs which liss not gone its full length, has given it that hold on popularity which has manifested itself so strikingly at the late general election. It has become manifest, not only that the unbelief of France bas been stung into active aggression, but that sincere religious belief, of which there is plenty in thc country, has been alienated to the point of devising severe restrictions on the powers of the episcopate ! and thc priesthood. Lord Macaulay predicted that the " Eternal " Church would survive all such crises, and it may outlive this ; but meantime the current seems to bc growing too strong for thc comparative moderation and diplomatic skill of the successor of thc Pope who did all this mischief.-Pail Mall Budget. 