Father : Christmas in A . Australia - .BrKG. G. II I who ia this greybeard standing on'tho' thresh' old of our home T Is it you, Father' Christmas 1 Come in'! 'comein !"old friend, you are Welcome, thrice welcome ! Glad to see you once more, thoughyou do: oloar a long time between your visite. Take your accus. tomid seat, old -man; and while we are waiting for the roast beef and plum - pudding _to' bo served, toll s a' story about ' -oirself. You halve othing. fresh, to tell! ,oiU hare told us Four story so oftein ! never mmia we Oo.ssoa tire of hearing it, because it is one of those things that will bear oft repeating iwithoutrowing st ra?.eapcially to the youigters; .so olot us have itt We are all atention; pray proceed. And Father Christmas replied:- It is now just 1881 years since the day of my'liirth ; but it was not till many centuries after that I boeame famous in ,thesense-in which you are welcoming me to-day.. My early followers did not cele brate my anniversary in the samei lshion as dao my adherents of the nriineteehth century. Their',Chr-j-.as was, spent in rocky caverns, or, an.i .. t ast solitudes of primeval forests; -hunted from place to place, scourged and crucified, revild anid persecuted. But that's all chantdh ow; and'it is of the later observance of musyJle -day that I prefer to sleak aind you to listen.. At the 'same time, most of d the pleasant pastimes and gay doings at, Christmas are but relics of those early ahi 'ad days of iny history.' The' liitletoe, with its white berries, that, is noir.hung up (you have a, substitute in Australia, I find) to- snare the unwary maiden that-a love-kiss may be stolen unrebuked, which would not be-penmitted under ander any other circumstanes,rwaa gaotheked by the ancictfDriiids iith solemni ritM at their sacred festivals as emblematical' oflpirity and wedded love. A nd is not matrimony still the outcome of many a little transao tion "under the mistletoe a" Ah !.Ethel, Rose and Mabel, your blushing faces re mind me of this ; for was it not under this mystic branch those magic gold circlets you wear on. your pretty hands this year with such wifely pride, were first antici pated ? The Christnmas-box you give and receive'with so much delight is also bor ..---a'--7iami5'nsnuo ititodured Chris tia'ity into England, for the bishops and priests sang n?rola and danced masques at Christmas time, whence the mirth provok. ing Pantomime, which sets little hearts dancing with glee, and elicits sresamusof merriment from roy lips at thi edroll antics of clumsy clowns and fantastic har SnBut noio rT must tell the wee folk all axout their patron and benefactor, Sauta C4u-. He is of Gerne. extraction, and is roe(l.,nted, as carrying a huge :sack over his slloulder (as , he' has never been seen in the flesh, I ezpect you muatbhave got his phot.ra.ph through th' e spirit medium,) which, like Fdrtunatus' purse, nvcer grows empty.: He takes his walks abroad by night only, ahd e:'nters the houses where good-eiy mnnt remembe= cittle children liven iaarathaer enilhymni manner, his imode of entrance -g y means of+ the chimner? and then p l ferlh to fllrtin sock an t cli S.th the, toy he'knows thielito'en till Me tint. H He 'is avert' lefer" fellow it guesang,and always jiJt hit nt onth p? Sh youta?f ndevotees are longing' " oYour Chris tr children is alsoi and inustifniod a of Germany' 'and it is in deceda aPrtttj sight.: to liehol4 liup with vai ey o tof han endless, ra* inetr tou -,e trinkets, ond bags of sweetmeats depinding frem its branches!' Sas may, Father t hristminrcniit o' ctr few of emy Auitralin' friends rave, ever visited old -Englund. " eis antrhat to your own bright clime would rather surpriseY'OU if you could find the'Yorthm eletsa~r~ .d''t this moment to ta Y "u cO trei'; and I don't thinkt harls Inuld relish the change particrau yL_, Instead of clear cloudles akies, ful lelmy days, and tres and flowers in clleaf and bloom, a dull Iedn sk ~us like a pall above, while peroably e earth beneath lies deeply buried in its Ii har"ud of no;.the trees stand naked brown , a tretlhiot their long, bare, rwith its alofta and the bright holly g is tening leaves and shining red imes, is the ony ealieuing object that n greets the eye, wearied with long stretches mdrea oornd, and smoke-begrimed s1 b eand cities. This is out of doors ; rsi drorwn ; rod there, shut in by a b ry r sipkdie cu-tainsand che-ered ed-up blazing fire. that bid de to h inter ' chill blast, you will M lhms 0r enjoy and appreciate an Eng- d a ? ?s.. When night creeps on lt Pcbat capital fun it is to join in the rump- l b'gaue of forfeits and blind or riokb and blind-man's budi, hrai n r~uring one's fingers to catch aunp, anap-dracon whilesome of salt that wig ht throws in the handful o 'tey of this the nomp?y loouklike ft St e depas teµ d dead, and sendssil .'eltatid nlewho have been istening toih .era n ng stories of ghosts and mur- h away t peatried chambers, siin arq quakig with fear. Oh ! yes, there Ic am leant features connected with that tmli, , Chri t ;.,hu t I don't fancy a YoSrth. u ofou would like toeixclhange P .reatifer warm December; with its festuhine ?i ? ofwere for all .the mirtiful botld oft tho bleak December of ,the ts oh c ty ..., --w 'ZAnd now," said Father Christmr ook ig smln. aosmund, but with a shade of melancholy on his rubicund counte. nance, ." I hope I may yet lire to visit 'ou many more years, my dear Australiai friendr ,- though a premonition comes acroMsme sometiina that my days are fast drawing to.an end. .1 am not nearly so full of stre?gth adig gor asI usatobe. I notico a vilsrt-de?'me in-my health and spiriis of late yars"- / ~ IBnt to this none us owould&gree; ; we assifur the old4 msotiie wasniflitcirty and jolly as ever,'and a`tthOhimea rang.out to dohi ior wo e c deds ro.inib?,i- twisl him, aswe do to ell inAustralia's.air A YMan ' u us 