dalles & ^fcete&e;®. THE RIVALS. Thoro are 'gayer and more fashionable ?watering places than Ilfracombe, in Eng land, but there are none that, offer such attractions to the lover of the' beautiful. Nowhere does the sea break on such bold rocks ; nowhere are there such deep clear pools, Buch lovely seaweed, such treasures of sea-flowers and anemones ; nowhere such a shore to ramble on and clinVb over. In point of drives and excursions inland and along the coast there are few places like it ; but its great glory is its sea and its rocks, its pools ami its seaweeds. Such, too, was Ger.ild Maytields's opinion ; and he apprec'atxlit the more because ho en joyed tho beauties and hunted for the seaweed 3 and anemones with Maud Hene ago. They were not old acquaintances. It was but a fortnight since they had arrived upon the outside of the coach from Barnstaplo together. So pleasant had beon that journey to tho young man that he had at once decided to stay at the Grand Hotel, where Maud arid her mother were going to stop, instead of going into lodgings, as he had bo fore intended. Gerald Mayfield was junior partner in the house of Mayfield and Harper, Aus tralian and Cape merchants. His father had been the head of the tirm, and at his death Gerald, who had just left college, camo into the business. He waB now thirty, a tall, strongly-built man, with a quiet manner. Not a handsome man, out with a good deal of character and re solution in his face. ; Until he saw Maud Heneage he had never been really in love. He had always supposed that he should marry somo day or other, but had gone en leading a quiet club life, and had been but little in the society of women. During this, fortnight he had been almost con tinually with Maud Heneage, sometimes with, her mother as a companion, some times with' a party of three or four others \- from the hotel, occasionally by them ?elves, or rather chaperoned only by Mrs. Heneage, sitting on the rocks in the distance reading. By the end of that time he loved her with all his heart, but as yet he had hardly even begun to won der whether she would in time come to lore him. Before breakfast Gerald always went for hiB swim, walking round to the cove, and coming back 'by the row-boat across to the pier.' He was a strong swimmer, and -his custom was to swim out through the mouth of the little inlet into the i rougher water outside. One morning a 'bather went out just before him, and 1 'iwam steadiJy seaward. 'That fellow will be getting into a mess,' Gerald' said to himself. 'The tile is running up, and he will 'find a difficulty in getting back' again.') Keeping a hundred, yards or so out, as',, was' his custom, for about (ten 1 minuteB; Gerald turned toward,, tlte, mouth of the cove, nut having given a ''aecon'd thought to the swimmer who had. . preceded him. Just as he was opposite 1 to the great rucks at the entrance he heard a ahout far behind him. 'He stopped to listen, and again tho .shout for -'help'1' came distinctly to his oars.' 'I thought that fool would get into a scrape,',' he muttered, turning round and .making off with a long, steady, even stroke in the direction of tho man, whose head he could see neavly three hundred' yards out, giving a loud shout as he started to encourage him with the know ledge that help was coming. He arrived just in time; the swimmer was utterly' exhausted, and had lost both pluck and presence of mind. Once ho disappeared altogether, and Gerald, wlio was still nearly thirty yards off, thought tliat he ?would arrive too late. However, he can-.e ' up again, and splashed and struggled wildly for a moment or two, but was just sinking when Gerald arrived. The latter caught him by the arm, and the man strove desperately to throw his arm aiound him. '.'Keep quiet,' Gerald said, sternly. ' If you struggle I'll let you go.' ' There was no mistaking the firmness of the tone, or that the tlire.it' would be carried out. The man ceased to struggle at once. '. ', That's right,' Gerald said. 'Now lie on your baok ; I'll take you by the hair and tow you -in as easily as possible.' As he, spoke iio looked round. and saw the boat coming nut from the cove with its load of bathers. He shouted at once, and an answering shout came back, and the boat's head ?am turned towards them. 'That's all right,' lie said cheerfully to the otlier. ' 'Now I'll tread water, and ' you can put your hand on my shoulder and keep your mouth above water com fortably till the boat comes lip.' With the prospect of he'p close at hand tho man regained his courage, an-l was . soon able to dispense with Gerald's help and to support himself until the boat ; came up, and he was taken on board. Gerald swam gently back, and by the time he reached the cove the man had already began to dress. Gerald's clothes ' lay close to where lie was sitting, for at ? Ilfracombe al fresco' dressing is the rule, ,i the two or three little wooden boxes on wheels being insufficient for a tithe of the bathers. ' , .-As he approached, the man stood up ,, and held out his hiind. * M ! , 'I ,owe yon my life,' he said ; 'another . few seconds and I should have gone un ' .dec' 'Yes; it was a near shave for you,' Gerald answered. 'But there was no difficulty in saving you ; it was not like jumping off a bridge, for,, a shrieking woman, or into a sea when a ship is run ning befdrej a gale. '; I saved your life certainly,'but it was with no move trouble and risk than 'if I 'had1 been standing on. shore, and.had thrown-'you a rope.' ' I was a fool to Bwim out bo far,' the man said ; ' but I have been out as far before. I suppose there was some sort of a tide, for after I turned I did not seem to make any way toward shore.' 'To, toll you tho truth,' Gerald said, 'I thought you a fool when I saw you swimming out. One ought never go so far from shoro at 'any of these watering places till one has found out all about the set of the tide. There now you' are dressed, I would adviso you to ran back at a sharp pace, for your lips are blue, and you look pinched all over, and- drink a strong cup of coffee directly you get in.' , ' I will take your advice,' the other said. ' But whon can I see you again ? My namo is Gossett, and I am at the big hotel.' ' My name is Mayfield, and I am stay ing there, too.' ' I don't know why, but I don't like him,' Gerald said to himself, as' he looked after Gossett,as he went up the steep path from the cove. ' They say that a man you have saved' from drowning is sure to do you somo harm ; not that I am fool enough to believe that, but I don't like him. Somehow or other, I should say he was shifty. But, there, I dare say it'a prejudice, and that he is a good fellow onough, though certainly not a strong man, anyway.' Physically, the man did not look strong, and the world did not trouble itself as to his mental strength. Paul Gossett was manager of tho Metropolitan and Suburban Bank, a good position for a man of his age. A popular man gener ally, with a constant smile and gentle manner. Much liked by hit Directors, and considered a very eligible man, in deed, at Clapham, where he lived. Gerald Mayfield went for a sharp walk after his bath, and most of the visitors at the hotel had finished breakfast when ho went in. Half-an-hour later Mrs. Hene age and her daughter came in dressed for a walk As a matter of course, he took off his hat. 'What are your plans for this morn ing.' 'I do not feel equal to much walking this morning,' Mrs Heneage said, 'so 1 think I shall sit down behind the Lantern rock. Maud will stay there with me, and in. the afternoon we will go along the Tor, walks.' , , ' ' 'Very well,' .Gerald said ; '/ I will see you comfortably seated, and then I , shall go for, a, 'walk inland and, be ^ back to lunch.' ' ' - ( , -, i,,,, , J| Three minutes ; later, - at aj (jurnpf the' walk,, they came , suddenly, upon, Paul Gossett. , , v ;, ' Why, Mrs Heneage, this is indeed a pleasure,' he aaid, as he shook hands with mother arid daughter, with a warmth that showed that their acquintance was an intimate one. ' How long have you been down here, and how long are -you going to stay V Then, as his eye fell fdr the first time on Gerald, who was at this moment wishing in his heart that he had arrived just too late that morning to save his life, he recognised him. 'Ah, Mr Mayfield, I did not recognise' you. I had not seon you dressed before, which must be my excuse. Do you know, Mis Heneage, this gentleman saved my life this morning 1' ' ' Mrs Heneage and Maud uttered an ex clamation of surprise. ' It was a mere nothing,' Gerald said, almost rudely. ' He was tired ; so I swam out to him, and he, put his hand on my shoulder till a boat came. It is not worth mentioning.' Mand'looked up in surprise at the tone in which Gerald had spoken, but Paul Gossett, without apparently noticing the rudeness of Gerald's tone, went on — ' No, Mrs Henoage, it is of no use for Mr Mayfield to try and put aside the obligation in that way. It was, I can assure you, a most gallant action of his; And I am ashamed to say that I lost my presence of mind, and was within , an ace of drowning us both.' ' ' ? And he proceeded to relate the story. ' Excuse my interrupting yon,' Gsrald said ; ' but as I don't want to listen to my own exploits, I will go off. for my walk.', , i ' That fellow has come down on pur pose to see Maud Heneago,' Gerald said to himself as he strode along the country road. ' I should not be surprised if they are engaged, or next door to it. ' Well,' after a long pause, 'I had no reason in the world to suppose that she carod a button for me : I don't suppose she ever gave the matter a thought, one way or another.' It was late in the afternoon when Gerald returned to the hotel, having walked some thirty miles since starting. He had by this time made up his mind that he would stand aside and bob what came of it. If Maud Heneage was in love with this man, the matter would soon be settled, and it was not for him to act; spoil-sport to their wooing. This resolu tion he proceeded to carry into execution; and for the next week started early, upon long walks, and did not return until late, leaving the field op-=n to his rival, an opportunity of which Paul Gossett was not slow to avail'himself. He had months before '^resolved- to win Maud Heneage. She was' pretty^ stylish, andi had money. Hilherto his .wooing had progressed but slowly, but now he made tlie most' of tho opportunity left for him by his rival's folly. \ For Gerald- Mayfield had indeed thrown down £he curds when the game was in his .hands. Although he was , wholly unskilled in wooing, Maud -Hene- »Ko,had had sufficient experience in being wooed to foel that this man loved her. And the thought was not unpleasant to her. t Slio felt, that ho _was strong and .tender and true; and when' a girl feels this of a man, unless her affections are pre-engaged, there is but little doubt what her answer will be when the question is askod. ? When, therefore, Gerald suddenly gave up'walking with her, and left her to the care of Paul Gossett, she was alike surprised and pained. Had she had an opportunity of speaking with him alone, she would have frankly askod him if she had offended him, but he seemed to avoid all opportunity for explanation ; and, from pride and pique, she laufahod and talked gaily with Gossett, who was always beside her. Gossett had from first understood that he had a rival in the man who had saved his life, and dimly fathomed the motives that actuated him in leaving the course clear for him. ' The man is a quixotic ass,' ho said to himself. 'I believe she likes him, and he is throwing away his chance ; but the sooner I gat him out of the way the better.' At the end of the week Gerald came into the smoking-room of the hotel late one evening. Gossett was alone there. For a time they chatted on indifferent matters, and then Gossett Baid : ' I am sorry I don't see more of you, but you seem always out, and I— well, I hardly look upon myself as a free man .' 'May I ask,' Gerald said, after a moment'* pause, ' if you are engaged to Mi«s Heneage t' * ' Well, after what I owe you,' Gossett said, 'I do not like there to be any con cealment between us. There is, and has been, for some time, a sort of an engage ment between us. It is riot actually an engagement, because her mother objects to long engagements, and is anxious that her daughter should not marry until she ia throe-and- twenty. So, you understand, there is no avowed engagement, although in point of fact it comos to the same thing. It is a secret between us two, now, and I should' not1! t!ell you,- but I know that I can rely upon 'your no't* mentioning it or noticing itj in any, way:' In a few weeks she will be within six months of three and-twenty'^ and^then lit will be publicly annonnped;' r ? ?] ;j i f Gerald -was silent for a short time, and then saidjeyjiefly : ! ''i^\JSJ.f\ -r Yoif'aro' a fortunate man. k I siispec-, teditrwasso from thu first time 1 saw you address her/ And now I will say good night good-b'y. I am going' up to town to-morrow. Will'you 'Bay good-b'y for me to Mrs Heneage and her daughter 3' . , . , . °' A very good stroke,' Paul Gossett slid to himself as he went out. 'Now something of the same sort tho other side, and I think the game's mine He's hard hit, and won't care about seeing us after marriage ; and if he does and it happens tocoino out, it won't matter then.V 'The' next morning at ' breakfast, ho said carelessly to, Maud Heneage. ; ( ' That queer fellow Mayfield went up to town this morning. He asked me to say good -by to you and Mrs Heneage.' ' Has ho gone, for good V Maud asked, after a short silence, and Paul 'Gossett could see that she had grown suddenly pale. ' 'Oh, yes ; from what he said,' I fancy his wife has come back from some visit or other, and wanted him home.' ' His wife !' Maud Heneage said. ' Yes ; did he never speak to you about her?' , , Maud did not answer, nor did she go out for her usual walk that morning. ' Married !' she thought to herself a3 she sat alone ' in , ? her room looking out on the sea ; ' married !'' Then she had been utterly mistaken ia her 'judg- ment of 'faces ; and yet,' as she sat there she was unconsciously making excuses for him. He had, Bhe felt sure, loved her ; but he' might, not' have known it himself, anil when he realised it he had altogether /withdrawn from her. ^ He ought to have told her. It was wrong, very wrong ;but yet he may have' meant no deliberate' 'harm., He might be un happy with his wife, and so avoided tho subject, thinking that so long as she was but a chance acquaintance, it was no affairs of hers. _ So, with an aching heart, she made excuses for him, and blushed to find herself doing so. ''I I have no right to' think of him,' she' cried; 'he is a married man, and nothing to me. 'Thank heaven 1 never gave him cause to think I cared for him ; thank heaven, (if we meet to morrow, I at least need not feel ashamed. It is all over now,' she said wearily, after a pause, ' They say every woman meets her ideal once in her^ life ; I have mot mine, but lie ? was , already another's Well, 'it does not matter who 1. many now.' .:- , j ,,. ' Six - months later, the papers 'had the .announcement of the 'marriage of Paul Gossett and Maud Heneage ; and upon the day that the notice made its appear? 'ance .Gorald Mayfield said to hJB part ner : . \ .- 'I have been thinking for 'some time, .Harper, that it would bqi well if we had a house of/ our own-'atj.SielhourneU;;! am sure we should largely^ ipcrease our busi ness. '.' I havo not ? been '.well lately, and want a change badly ? what do you -say to my going out for a year or two and start ing a house there ? p.nce set fairly afloat we could take^ Purvis in as partner, and I could come bnck again.' '.You Buvpriflj mo, Mayfield. . I think that a branch house would pay well, but I don't see, how we could spare, you. I have noticed you have not been yourself for somo time ; but two or three months' holiday would set yon up.' ' No,' Gerald said, ' I want a change of work as well,aa of scene. ^ 1 havo been hard hit; old man, very hard hit ; and her marriage is 'in The Times this morning. I knew it would bo rtl\ere soon ; still as long as it didn't appear there might be a chance. It's all over now, and I feel that I must get away for a bit.' And so, after, long consultation, it was finally settled. It was a busy time at home, and for tho moment Gerald's presence was essential ; but it was at last arranged that early in June he should sail for Melbourne. A week before leaving he went to a large dinner-party. He was one of the last to arrive ; and his hostess said : ' I will introduce you at' once, Mr Mayfield, to the lady you are to take down to dinner, and Gerald was led across the room. ' Mrs GoBset— Mr Mayfield,' she said, and then turned away to repeat the ceremony, elsewhere. Gerald bowed in silence. The shock and the surprise took away all power of speech or of collected thought. ' There was no occasion for an intro duction, Mr Mayfield,' Maud said, gontly, holding out her hand. ' We are old acquaintances, though you did treat us shabbily by running away without saying Rood-by.' Gerald touched the hand , extended to him, murmured something in -reply to the question, and then fell hack a few steps until it should be time to offer his arm.' ' He looks ill,' Maud said to herself. 'It is very awkward, and he is evidently ashamed of t himself. Poor fellow, I ex pect he is very, unhappy. What mistakes we all make !' Maud had been marriedbut four months, but she spoke asif she was conscious that she too had made a mistake. In the few minuteB which elapsed before dinner was announced, Gerald had recovered, from the shock that 'the meeting had given him', and was .enabled, as he took her dow.n, to follow the lead 'Bhe had | given' him, anil to talk; to her as to an indifferent acquaint ance. \ The party was, a large (me^and, the .conversation was not, therefore, general. ? They'( chatted, together upon, indifferent subjects : the opera, the last now book|, the Parliamentary, struggle,, the Derby which was to be run on the morrow. , Not a word was said oMlfracdmbe.' ' Mr Gossett is not here,' Gerald said, looking round the table., , _, , ' , 'No ; he promised to come, but he is so busy at the bank he could not get away,' and as Mrs Patterson is a cousin of mine, I was able to come alone. When dinner was nearly over, Maud said: 'You are not looking well, Mr May field,' '1 have not been quite well, Mrs Gossett, for some time. Overwork, ;I suppose. I am going abroad to Australia next week, probably for some years,' ' Maud looked up at him. .'For some years, Mr .Mayfield ? Do yon mean it?'** ''.-Yes,' Mrs Gossett. 1 have been rest less and unsettled here for some montjlis, so I am going' to open a branch of our business out there. Some one must go, and I am glad to be the one.' .' Is i Mrs May field here? Of course she goes with you 1 'Mrs May6eld ! Do you think I am married, Maud?' She did not notice the Christian name. 'Are you not ? ' . , , ' Married ! I married ! Who nan have told you such a monstrous .thing ?' , i For, a f ullitninute Maud.did.not answer. She was looking down into her plato, and the colour had all died out of her face. 'I heard it mentioned,' she said. ' Certainly some one said bo. I suppose it was a mistake. - There was nothing monstrous in it.' , - ? 'It i would be monstrous to me,' Gorald said. ' Believe me, Mrs Gossett, whoever may henceforth toll you that Gerald Mayfield is married, you can tell them it is not so, I shall never marry — never.' For a time no further word was spoken. The colour did not return ' to her cheek. Presently she said, 'lam going ' to ' ask you a strange question, one I should not ask you were; it not that you are going away, and that perhaps — perhaps, we shall notmeetagain. It is well to clear up misunderstandings. Why did you leave llfracombe so suddenly without even saying good-by 1' ' May I tell you the truth ?' Mrs Goasett bowed her head. 'Because I heard — of course there's no secret now — because I heard from Gossett that you were engaged to him for months ; and 1 loved you so I could not trust myself to see you again.' Again she sat silent/ and without' a vestige of colour in her face. There was. a slight noise at the head of the table, H and a sudden flush leaped into her cheek. ^M \- ' Wo are going,' she said. ' Doc't ^H come up stairs — don't see me again before ^JH youigol Have I your promise ?' J^km ' You have'^' he Baid. '1JH ' Then God bless you, Gerald, and '^M make you happy. S*y anything you like ^B to me — it is for the last time. It cannot 4*^ be very wrong.' ? 'God bless you, my darling, my own ? lost love ! May you bo happy,' ^ As he spoke she rose, gave him her 1 hand, looked full in his face with a wan ;)1 louk of sorrow and love, and was gonel 'I When sho returned to her home, she I went straight into the library, at which I her husband was still busied with books M and papers. He looked up. m ' Bless us, Maud, what is the matter ? H You look like a ghost.' ^H 'I have seen Gerald Mayfield,' she ^^kt said, ' and T know that you lied to us ^H both. ? You told him wo -were engaged, ^| yon told me he was married. ' What have I you to say ?' „ ? ' Say 1' Gossett said, with a light a\\\ laugh. 'Nothing. Everything is fair in i^JJ love and war. If we were not engaged, j^JJ I knew we Bhould be soon ; so'I was only ^^H anticipating the thing a littlo.' . ^H ' Paul Gossett,' his wife said, ' when ? you asked me to marry you, I told you - 1 that I did not love you as a woman should I love a man shn was going to marry, but I that I would give you what love I could, I and would do my best to make you a good rk wife. You were content with the terms, ,^i and Baid that you hoped and believed tho I love would come. I hoped so too. We I have not been married long, but long ,? enough for me to see that,your love is no I truer than mine. I should have no right I to complain that you gave no more than ? I, and could have gone on with liking and ,1 respect. That is over for ever. I find I you won me by a lie— that you have I neither honour nor generosity. I will I not bring scandal upon .our names, but at 1 present I cannot live with you. To-morrow J I shall go home to my mother ; she is ill, v dH and it will appear natural for me to wish ' '^B to be with her. After a time I may get 1 over the horror I feel, arid, then I will I come back and try to do my duty.', | , 'And how about Mr Gerald Mayfield!' /I Paul Gossett asked, with an evil smile. [ 1 : Maud stepped back a pace, as if she ! I had been struck, and put her hand to 1 her heart. ' God help me !' she said, 1 ' and I am married to this* man !' And M ; without' another word she r went out! and '^k left him. i ,lt j^J Gerald Mayfield was sitting in his office ^B at Melbourne,' t»vo years after his arrival H -in Austialia, when he heard the, shouting ? -of the newsboys outside -' Great fraud iu ^ ? England !j. Second edition of the Argus I1' M In another minute a clerk came in; ? ' Here is the -Argus,' sir.' . Another I 'great' banking swindle atihom'dr'-( c1 1 I AYheni.Gcrald was alone ho. opened the ? paper and read', in large 'letters— ? ' Great' Fjraud1 and Embezzlement. ? — The Metropolitan and Suburban Bink ? has been robbed of upwards of £100,000 M by its manager, Paul Gossett. The frauds £ have been going on for years: Money lost lH in stock exchange gambling. Gossett fj still at large. Police on hia track. ' All JH outward bound vessels watched.' J For a long time Gerald Mayfield sat , ^M wit'iout moving. ' Poor girl !' he said JB at last, as he put down the paper. 'I ^| never thought the fellow looked honest. / 'J. I put it down to prejudice, but I was right ^m after all. I wonder wh.it she will do 1 1 ^^M saw that her mother died just after I came fll out. I suppose her fortune's 'safe.' | ? Two days later camo another telegram : I I — ' Gossett still at large. His wife has ^ ] handed over her own fortune of £25,000 I to bank. ' . * ,, I Then Gerald Mayfield sent a telegram I to his partner — I ' Find out address of Gossett, the de- I faulter's wife/,' Placo' £50 to her credit at I a bank ; advise her anonymously that an equal sum will be paid in quarterly. Be 4 sure it is done so as to be un traceable. M You remember our conversation when 1 v 'fm first proposed coming out here.' ' ' J It 'was nearly three months after this CV that Gerald Mayfield was breakfasting at ^ his club, ' chatting with the head of the I police. Presently a boy came in with a J note for the latter. ; ? ' I ' ' Ah,' he said, glancing over it, 'the M Tauntou Castle is off the Head ; I have I been expecting her for some days. By I what we hear, it is possible that Gossett, ^k that fellow who swindled the bank' in MU London, is on board, and we shall put oux ^H hand on him as he lands. I can't go my- ^M self, for I havo a very, important case in ^k\ Court ; but we shall have him.' ' ^t\ ' Why do you think he is on board ?' ^B . ' Of course, we can't be sure, and in - fl fact they are doubtful at home. t All they 1 say is, that therois a passenger 'on board, who Reems to have given no address) and i ,to have belonsfings in England, and .the I description of his height and appearance - ? tallies pretty accurately with that of m Gossett. Still that is not much to go m upon, and we shall have to be very ,'care- U ful.' , ' M ' What time do you think tho Taunton JH Castle will be in ?' I am going down to ^ meet her, as I have an old friend on 2 b-vird, and I bhall look out to see if your M officer effe'e'ts'a capture.'' '' W ',' She ought to, be in by 'eleven.' ' ? ' Gerald sat' some little tim'e over' hia ? breakfast after the chief of the constabu- 1 'lary had departed. '.',', | ' ?' 'I muBt'TBaVe: him 'if 'possible' forher sake,' iie' said to himself at lust: ?-; ; ' He is a swindler, and, -I fear, ^ a bad lot alto- : gether ; but she ; loves him, ; and that is enough'for ine. Even if she did not love him I would spare her the disgrace of his trialand punishment.' .. - ; At eleven o'clock Gerald stood on the wharf watching thoTaunton Oastlo coming alongside. Near him stood a couple'of constables. He' knew them, as both had been engaged in hunting up more than one fraudulent debtor to the firm. ??:?:. ; :: ' I' hear from Captain Peters that , you are on the look-ouff or a passenger.' : .'?Tes sir. We hope so, but there doesn't seem much certainty about it.' -... As the ship came alongside, Gerald was one of the 'first' to leap; on board. He. looked hastily round)' and among the passengers lie at once saw the man he was searching for. Paul Gossett was looking ill, and had grown a beard, but there wus '„ no other change about him. .. ' What is that gentleman's name ?' he k asked a lad who was standing near. 'Hopkins/' the boy said. - Then Gerald wentup to him ? with out stretched' hand. Gossett' gave a start ;, but'agesture commanding caution on the ? part of Gerald cau3'ed:him to repress it. 'How, are you, Hopkins 1 .What a time it' ;is since' ' we- ; met— - ages ? almost ? How are you?'1 '?? ' He spoke in loud tones, in order that the; constables,1 who were ; close ?by,-; might hear/ ;' ;.:'??? ; ????-??-? : ? ? ? -.-:;-.;;' ?? ? 'Well, What sort of a voyage ha'veyou had?' arid how did you leave everyone at. home 1' ??'''? ?'' . v/: '''I'-.- ??? :?.. .,- ? .? PaurGossetthad'prepared himself for arrest'' ot'jthe' moment of 'landing. Ho kndwthat if any 'suspicion had been ex citedthat Paul Gpssett and James Hop kins wereorie and 'the' .same person, that the' constable wquld'be on the same quay. \- ' to arrest him as lie landed! He; was there fore' 'prepared to -meet' whatever . came ; and' after J the first . slight start he recog nised by:'the action and tone of voice, that Gerald was trying- to-save him,. and 'fell infcrthelead. '? A'nian who hns'for months and years been running a' groat risk must necessarily ; have ' his nerves well undei^ contrblv and the' constables, who stood a short 'distance off-listening, to the conver aation; did not for a'moment suspeccthat it was forced;1 : -t; . -.:??,.. .For a few: minutes they talked so, and tnen,Gferald]said; )'-?' ??-.'' ', . ??. , : ? ''You'kriow'I am only- iri bachelor's lodgings,,butl have taken a room for you at theTlpyai;-'''I shall see you later in the day.',1 Tmust go off to my office now., Well; 'officers, '-he said- to tho constables, as Ke tur'n'ed'from Gossett, '.' haveyou got your man?' Which is he?', ;.?;.. ,.''?; 'We haven't got him j and we ain't a goirig.tp. Tneohap that we were put on was the very gent; as you've been talking. ?with.-: \\\'':;. ;? ?'' \ ? . 'What, my friend Hopkins I This is a joke..'. ' .-.:?. .?'.? i :??:.;, , . ?? ' . 'Can't be no mistake, I suppose, air?' ' Mistake,, man ! Why,' I have known him for years. ,:We have- been down at the sea-side together! In fact, I saved I''N- his lifeorice.' ,.?;?:,-. ?::;'.|'j, ' That's good enough, , Sir., It's qxiite clear the people at hojne have gone after I a wrong scent altogether ;, very likely put on, it so as toT render it more easy for him \o slip. off in some .other direction;' 'Likely, enough,' ] Gerald said care lessly. 'At any ratej it is as well, for Mr Hopkins .that T happened to meet him here. Imagine his astonishment at beinjj seized and locked up. If lie had hot had any one to identify; hip, and you had de tained him for. a couple ;pf months, till some one came but from England to swear to him, ho would 'haVe had grounds for an action, and w.ould have: got swinging damages against all your' people.'. Twice in the conr3e of the evening ' Gerald called at the Royal, but each time he was told that Hopkins was out; He » was relieved \to find that this man had guessed that, although /'he was bound' to call in order to keep up (the story of their acquaintanceship, yet that he would far rather that.' they did (not /meet.-! Next morning. when he called,:,at, the hotel he wa3 told Mr Hopkins had gone ,u p, cou n try, but that he had left a note for him. ,, i Its contents were brief..- ;;; ??..-. ? ?? 'You are a grand- fellow,: Gerald May field. You .have, .saved- me twice, , and have returned ;go'od. for evil..:,Jf ,1 could undo the past, heaven knpyys that I, would. . I am going up the country to get work of Home sort ; I 'only- got off with enough to' pay my passage out.,';- ,?.-?;. ? ?..-; Ten months later Gerald received. from' the doctor of a hospital^ at ? Ball arat. the ' certificate' 'of ( the death .of -Paul- Gpssett, mortallyiri jure'd by 'a' fall off the roof iri '? one of the mines there.. .He had lived a; few days, had: said who he' was, and ?had ?written to his- wife; He had, prdere.d .that the certificate of his deatti, arid i his letter tovhis wife :miglit . be. -forwarded to Mr Mayfield, who would , . he. ', was sure, see that they were sent to his widowv . , v ?' For, .another .ten .'months '''Gerald May-. , field worked on',' at Melbourne, .and then, having been relieved by his junior part ner, he sailed1 for England.^ /Maud 'iyashe knew: Hying &i; Brighton, 'where she was ! supporting herself by.giving music lessons, haying firmly declined .tdjtouoh.th.e money anonymously, paid ;to her 'account. V '[? Then he went down and' peremptorily, took possession of her.-, Maud ; hiid;deter.:J mined upon, ,resiBtance-);','f6r: -she ','. had schooled herself to believe that iti would be iwrbng for 'her; to marry .again.1-'.' She acknowledged freely to: herself that :she! loved Gerald Mayfield. iShe' had heard from her husbandho w Gerald had saved him from arrest ; she felt Sure that it was Gerald who would have provided for her ; she never doubted that he would come back and claim her ; but she had assured herself, . over and over again, that she would- never allow the stigma of her name to attach to him hard though it might bo toTofuso him. But when he came in, and straightway took her in his arms arid held her there ; when he stopped her lips as she tried to speak about disgrace, and wiped away her tears as they 'fell, there was nothing for her to do but to yield, and even to allow him, in -his masterly way, to settle that, as the marriage would be perfectly quiet, there tras no reason in the world why.it should, be delayed beyond a month at the outside. ' Yoii foolish Gerald,' she said to him, later on in tho evening,- 'you are always inextremes : you lost me five years ago because you were so-timid you would not stand up for yourself ; and now you have become a perfect tyrant; and' won't allow me to have ever so little a 'bit of my own way.' ?....-? 'You shall have all your own way,' darling, when you ate once my wife,' he said ;: '. but till then/I mean to be master; so your best plan is to hurry on your pre parations iw fast as you can in order to free yourself from my tyranny. And thore is ono. ,thinj»,' Maud, if you don't object: I should like to spend a part, at least, of our honeymoon at Ilfracpmbe. Another year you shall travel all over- the Continent, if _ yoii. '.'like ; but if it ia not painful to you I' should like Ilfracombe now. Of course we, will nbt' go to the hotel, hnt get into some quiet lodging, and' ramble on the 'rbcks'as we iised to do.' ' ??' ' ??? , ?':;. -::- ???' ;: ???? ' Yes, I should' like it,' Maiid' ' said ; ' and' we will agree to' believe that, we were only there, a few weeks ago,' and that this five years has been a bad' dream, never to be talked ;about or thought of willingly again; '-^Family Magazine. 