The Cabul Papers. THE sensation of the week, says the Home News, has been the publication by the Standard of the Cabul papers. They appeared on Wednesday, February 9, and they appeared in the Standard alone. On Wednesday afternoon two questions were asked in the House of Commons of the Prime Minister in connection with this subject, one by Baron Henry de Worms and the other by Mr. Brand, son of the Speaker. The former wanted to know whether the attention of the Government had been drawn to the Standard’s revelations, and to certain ominous passages in the documents; the latter so shaped his enquiry as to hint at the inconvenience of the anticipation by the newspapers of documentary evidence which ought first to come from the Government to members direct. Mr. Gladstone, in his reply, quite acquiesced in Mr. Brand’s view. He spoke of the extreme difficulty of preventing exclusive information of whatever kind from prematurely leaking out, and of the practical impossibility of defeating the “extraordinary and often the laudable ingenuity of the professional purveyors of news.” The question is, as Mr. Gladstone must be well aware, whether in the present state of things it is possible to enforce these precautions. It looks very much as if it were not. The London Press, it must be remembered, is an organisation, only less powerful than the Government itself, and with far more money to spare. Everything that is to be bought it can buy while there are some things which cannot be bought that it occasionally contrives to secure. Thus the Standard, during several months past, has shown a knowledge of Cabinet business and other matters which cannot be explained upon any commercial theory of supply and demand. It was the Standard alone of the London papers which gave a complete account of “Endymion” at least two days before the revised copies of Lord Beaconsfield’s new novel had been sent round to the newspaper offices. RUSSIAN INTRIGUES. In a letter from General Stolietoff to Shere Ali’s Foreign Minister, dated Livadia, Oct. 8, 1878, runs the following passage:—“Now, my kind friend, I inform you that the enemy of your famous religion wants to make peace with you through the Kaiser (Sultan) of Turkey. Therefore you should look to your brothers who live on the other side of the river. If God stir them up, and gives the sword of right into their hands, then go on in the name of God,” &c.; The Standard, the Daily Telegraph and one or two other papers, have assumed that the words italicised meant on the other side of the Indus, and that Russia was thus guilty of advising Shere Ali to foment insurrection among our Mahommedan subjects in the Punjaub. Lord Hartington, speaking on Sir H. Rawlinson’s authority, declared that this was a misconception, and that the “river referred to is in reality the Oxus, not the Indus, and the allusion is to the Ameer’s Russian brethren, not to his Indian brethren.” The Berlin Treaty was signed July 13, 1878, telegraphic communication, it is said, then being complete between St. Petersburg Samarcand and Tashkent. While the Conference of which this Treaty was holding its sittings at Berlin, General Stolietoff left Samarcand for Cabul, reaching Cabul after the signature of the Treaty was complete. Some of the most important of the negotiations between Shere Ali and the Russian Generals Kaufman and Stolietoff took place after this date, i.e., July 13, and were even continued throughout the following September and October. During this period the Russians express themselves to the Ameer in the following terms:— “Everything necessary will be done. Those who wish to enter the gate of Cabul from the East will see that the door is closed—then, please God, they will tremble.” “The great Emperor is a true friend of the Ameer and of Afghanistan, and His Majesty will do whatever may be necessary.” . . . . . There are certain other specific revelations made by these documents The Russians, it is clear, promised Shere Ali 32,000 soldiers, and subsequently declined to fulfil their promise on the ground that they had caused the British Government to guarantee the independence of Afghanistan. This, according to the evidence of these papers, was the policy which the Russians followed throughout. They were always inciting the Afghans to resistance; always holding out to them the promise of military aid, and always postponing the redemption of that promise. Thus Stolietoff writes:— “Either by force of words or diplomatic action we will entirely cut off English communication with Afghan for ever, or else events will end in a mighty and important war.” And again: “Treat the British,” said the Czar’s representative, “with deceit till the cold season has passed; then the Russian Government will come to your assistance.” If the Russians ever really meditated doing anything of the sort it was effectually prevented by the vigorous action of England. The consequence is that the Cabul papers are generally regarded here as containing the narrative of a coup manque. They are the history of a Russian failure, and as this is a matter of the past, and no one is surprised to hear that Russia has intrigued against England in Afghanistan, they have excited here comparatively little interest or indignation. What is the difference between a fixed star and a meteor?—One is a son the other a darter. An attached couple—a pair of oyster shells. “I say, boy, is there anything to shoot about here?” inquired a sportsman of a boy he met. “Well,” was the reply, “nothing just about here; but the schoolmaster is down the hill yonder—you can pop him over.” An old Scotchman attributes the disappearance of ghosts from the Scottish moors to the custom of tea drinking at social meetings. It requires Scotch whiskey on the top of old ale to enable a man to see a ghost really worth talking about. Foot notes—Shoemakers’ bills A narrow escape the chimney due Best climate for a toper—the temperate zone 