? ♦ KOSE3 AND HOLLY. In Two Chaptebs. — Chapter I. [From All the Tear Round.} Most people who know Rouen know the Hotel d'Axgleterre, in its cheerful, noisy situation on the Quai, One has heard different opinions expressed of it, as of most hotels, but it was never more cor dially liked, or even loved, than by Jack and Jenny Falconer, who spent a few days theie in the early summer of 1870. The weather was of course horrible, varying from wet and cold to wet and stuffy. But Jenny had never crossed the Channel before, and to her mind French Tain shared the superiority of other French things. One could walk about in it all day without getting wet, she declared. Jack agreed with her as to the charms of Bouen, the hotel, and the rain. He was not always so enthusiastic, but it eo hap pened that the day after their arrival he fell in love. I cannot say it was the first time he had done this foolish thing. But as he was constantly bains' reminded by bis friends and relations that it would be do use thinking of marrying till he was five-and-forry, he had found it necessary to Dip off without remorse two or three budding fancies of his. For he could not expect any one to wait for him twenty years. _ ' Girls want so much in these davs,' said bis advisers. Jack sighed and supposed they did Jenny was his sister, ten years younger than himself, and his devoted friend. These two young people, whose good birth and scancy fortunes were witnessed to by their appearance, and who, in planning a rough lour in Normandy, had not counted oa meeting any civilised compatriots, were sitting in one of the white-curtained ?Jvindowe of tn.e little salon, looking out at She men and women who u-ipueJ iu-r:v past under the trees and the darkening sky. There were one or two other people iu the loom, but they were not interesting Jeany looked out, and made little exclamations, and kept up a constant low-voiced talk ?with her brother. Now and then she leaned back in her chair for a moment, ?with eyes half closed, as if she wanted to realise where she was but the merry brewn eyee were soon wide open ajrain and dancing with pleasure. 'Oh Jack, here's S3methin* beaatifiil coming in !' she murmured, happening to look round at the door. 'I wish it was dinner,' eud Jack; bat then he held bis tongue, perceiving that Jenny was right, and qu^dy watckad three ladies following each other into the room. ; First, there was the mother, a tall thin woman, whom Jack an.3. 3enay at first thought very awful iOd. dignified, discover ing afterwards '.'nat she was as meek as a Iamb. Then, there were two girls, one a bonny good-natured looking person, tha OibSir the beauty who had so suddenly im pressed both the young travellers. She was very handsome; she looked xatuer tired and indifferent, and was wrapped in a Shetland ahawL She had Urge blue eyes, and marked black eyebrows, and dark smooth hair. She looked slowly round the room, letting her eyes linger a moment on the bright attractive faces of Jack and Jenny, which were now turnod . to the window again. - She sat down near her mother and sister, and they spoke to each other in a low voice. They were evidently people who considered themselves of im portance. Very soon after they came in dinner was ready, and Jenny had the happiness of placing herself next to the admired object, who took no notice of her. But not iu this way was Jenny to be repressed. She had studied the poets, who had convinced her that the greatest ladies had hearts and minds like the smallest, and cared just as much to be liked, and admired, and amused. Jack wished very much, in his place beyond Jenny, that Jenny's neighbor would be good natured enough to speak to her. He was startled by '.Jenny's suddenly beginning to talk to her neighbor, and could hardly refrain from giving the child an admonish ing nudge, but waited a moment, and saw that it was not necessary. Jenny, with a beaming face, had begun by asking the beauty -whether Rouen was 'not the meet charming old town she had ever seen. ' I haven't seen it yet,' was the answer, given with an amiable and slightly amused Emile. ' We only came just now, and I thought the drive from the station hideous. .Rouen ought to be old, sorely, and it looks as new as Paris.' ' But isn't Paris beautiful !' exclaimed Jenny. ' Ob, but- you haven't seen the old streets, and the churches, and the Palaia de Justice, and the Grosse Horloge. That, I do think, is the iolliest of all. Isn't it, Jack ?' ' 1 eh≪ see it all, no doubt,' said the young lady, with a momentary glance past Jenny at 'her brother, 'who was looking supernaturally grave. ♦' What iBtheGrossa Horloge ? Is it in the cathedral ?' ' Explain, Jack,' said Jenny. Jack looked up rather timidly, and met the questioner's blue eyes. They were quite calm and agreeable ; she did not in the least share or understand his shyness. ' An old clock on sn old archway, corner of four streets, sixteenth century, curious bas-reliefs and things,' he said, and he quite hated Jenny for bringing him out in the character of a guide-book. 'Thank you,' said the stranger, still looking very amiable ; and then she asked Jenny some other question, which the child answered in her usual chatterbox fashion. The beauty's mother, who was sitting on the other side of her, and her sister, who was beyond again, presently joined in the conversation, and Jack was again drawn into it. By the time dinner was over he had quite recovered his good temper, and ?wae much pleased to see that the ladies did not seem tired of Jenny, but went on talking to her in the salon. But now it ?was the other sister who stood at the window with her, for the beauty wrapped herself in her shawl and retired to a corner with a novel. Jack lighted a cigar and went out. It was not raining, though everything was wet, and he came and stood outside the open window and talked to the two girls. ' Greet thy brother and pass on !' It is just that in travelling, for these people who were laughing together and liking each other's compary had not even an idea of each other's name. It grew darker ; the stars came out, the lamps were lit, a thousand more lights danced and trembled on the blackness of the Seice. Then came the voice of the newspaper man hurrying along the quay. ' La France, d'mandez la France!' Things become precious by their associations, and many times since have Jack and Jenny reminded each other of a certain Saturday evening by that commonplace little cry. Through all the early part of Sunday they had not much, intercourse with their fiiends, except smiles from one table aud the other at breakfast time. It was the Fete-Dieu, and Bouen being one of those fortunate towns where processions were Hot forbidden. Jack and Jenny spent all the morning running after them. They stood with the little crowd of peasants and townspeople under the great grey western arch of the cathedral, while the bells clanged overhead, and slowly, slowly, the gorgeous ranks of priests, and acolytes, and choir-boys, in scarlet and lace, came winding out of the great door. The air was full of incense, the soldiers in lie square rattled off with trumpets and kettledrums, and the procession moved away, brilliant in color under a gloomy sky, down the dark narrow streets hung along with white and festooned with flowers. In the afternoon they went to Saint Ouen, and saw another procession, this time of girls and children with wreaths on their curled heads, all dressed in white and blue and marshalled by Sisters of Charity. The sun broke out as this army crossed the great Place de la Republique, with a blaza of heat that almost made one wish for the clouds back again. Jack and Jenny went back into the church for coolness, and there they found their friends, whom thev had missed in the crowd, and under those tall, solemn springing arches they wandered about together for a long time. After wards they went into the garden, and sat under the che&nut-trees;, and Jack forgot his rough tourist clothes, and made him self most agreeable. Stella, as he and Jenny had named her, was delightfully provoking. She declared that she hated sight-seeing, and above all things cathe drals; they were all alike, and all tiring and tiresome. She would not go to the muEeum; she was perfectly sick of old china ; old streets smelt nasty. Altogether she hated being abroad, and would be very glad to find herself in England again. Jenny listened in horror, which deepened as she actually heard Jack agreeing with some of these sentiments. Still she was pretty sure that Stella liked one thing, and that was talking to Jack. Jenny herself thought she had never seen Jack looking so handsome ; and, dear me ! Jenny won dered whether, when she grew up, any one would ever look at her as Jack looked at Stella, and whether she would be able to preserve such a cool easy air as Stella did through it all ! _ In the evening it poured with rain, but time did rot hang heavy to any of these young people. The mother was perhaps rather bored ; she sat by the table turning over 'Galignani,' and yawned several times. Her two daughters -were sitting in the window nearest~the door, with Jack and Jenny id attendance. The window was open, for it was very warm, and on the broad asphalte pavement the rain was splashing and dancing in a number of little fountains. People, as they hurried by the woman in the newspaper kiosk opposite, looked up and eaw four laughing faces at the wicdow of the hotel. Tie young English travellers were full of childish jokes. They laughed at the rain, at the patfers-by, at tbe melancholy shiver in the voice of *? La France,' as he came splash itg along on his nightly round. At last the mother joined them, and put an eud to all this foolish jollity by inviting her daughters to go to bed, and adding some thing about 'our journey to-morrow.' The faces of Jack and Jenny fell each a yard. 'You're not going to-morrow!' said Jenny tragically. ' Yes ; to-morrow, in the middle of the day,' answered Stella's sister, with unfeel ing cheerfulness. ' Oh Jack, do you hear that !' exclaimed Jenny. 'And we have got to stay here till Wednesday! Oh dear, what shull we do!' . ''We rnnst be thankful for past blessr ings,' said Jack. ' It is dreadful news, though.3 Jenny shook her head and sighed deeplvt The mother smiled, the sister laughed. Stella lifted her eyes and looked at Jack : the effort with which he spoke had im pressed her a little- For one instant they looked at each other. Stella, was suddenly grave, and not indiffenaat ; there was even some slight trouble ic her face, which- Jack watched for a moment after she had turned her eyes away, 'wondering what it meant. Tbe neat morcing was rather finer. Jack and Jenny had a little talk after breakfast ?with their friends, and Jack, hearing Stella's mother lamenting over all she had to do, begged to know if he could help her in apy way. After a little hesitation she gave him a card, and asked him to be so kind, wheu be went out, as to fetch her letters from the post- office-. Thus Jack discovered that her name was Meyrick — Mrs. Lionel Mey rick. Jenny, whoee provincial young miod had decided that she was a countess, was rather disappointed. There was only one letter for Mrs. Mey rick, which Jack conveyed at once back to the hotel. She was standing alone in the salon, apparently waiting for it. 'Now you know my name,' she said very sweetly to Jack, ?' so I hope you will tell me youre. Falconer,' she went on when Jack had obeyed ; ' that is a name I know. Have you any relations in Dorset shire ?' ' No, not that I ever heard of,' answered Jack. ' Ah well — bow I must go, for I have a great deal to do,' said she. ' I daresay we shall see you again to say good-bye.' She nodded her head and went away upstairs. ' 'Well, what are we to do ?'' said Jack. 'We can't stay indoors all tbe morning, and yet we must not be out too long. I know. Come along, Jenny. Jack divulged his plans as they hurried along the Quai, and up the Rue du Grand Pont and the Rue des Cannes, where Jenny was much tempted by the fascinating shop windows. But at last they came to the flower market, crowded with sweet white pinks and a goodly mixture of roses. Jack bought a great bunch of the reddest xoEes and paid at once what their smiling seller chose to ask. Jenny, who had seldom bought flowers, was surprised at their cheap ness. Jack -was not, but being a poor man, be liked being cheated better than bar gaining. He carried them back to the hotel, admired by every one in the streets, and arranged with Jenny that she should take them up to Mrs. Meyrick's door, and give them, if possible, into Stella's own hands. 'Miss Meyrick — I thought she was something much grander than that,' said Jenny. ' But there's one good thing, Jack ; she iB not above you, as I thought she wae. Not so far beyond your reach.' *?' What nonsense you talk !' said Jack. ' Above me, indeed ! When a man'sa gen tleman, there's no obstacle except money. That is an awful one, and Miss Meyricb may easily be as rich or richer than any nobleman '6 daughter in ihe kingdom. They don't travel like millionaires, though.' ' Ho ; I don't believe they have even a maid,' said Jenny. When they got to the hotel, Jenny took the roses and went along the hall. Madame, in her office, and the femmes-de- chambre on their bench outside, all made exclamations at this sudden entrance of summer. Jack lingered a moment at the door, undecided whether he should go out again or turn into the salon. Before he did either Jenny, at the foot of the stairs, turned her head and beckoned to him. He was beside her in a moment, and they mounted the first few steps together. The dark twisted staircase, with its mottled carpet, was for once the background of a picture, for Stella was coming down alone. She would have passed the brother and sister with a smile, but her eyes fell on the loses, and she exclaimed — ' How lovely I' almost in spite of herself. ' They are for you/' said Jenny, holding them out to her. ' For me ?' said Stella, smilling quite wonderfully, as she bent down her face to the cool rosy sweetness. She did not seem to believe it, looking half-amused, half-surprised, as Jenny tried to put the flowers into her hand. ' We thought you might like them on the journey,' said Jack, feeling that it was too foolish not to speak at all. ' Ani I hope, when you look at them, you wont forget us instantly.' ' It is a great deal too good of you,' said S.ella. 'Mamma and my sister will be delighted/' ' They are for you, please,' said Jenny. ' Well, I am delighted. But I couldn't be so EelGsh as te appropriate all this bunch, vou know.' ' At Iea6t you will wear one — this one ?'' said Jack, disentangling the reddest and sweetest bud of all. '? Very well — thanks. Yes, I will wear it,' Stella answered ; but there was a shade of something in her manner which warned Jack that he must not presume on her graciousnees. For the moment it made him feel unrea sonably miserable. Then she looked at him and smiled so sweetly that he was comforted. She turned round, carrying the flowers, and said she would take them to her mother's room. 'Come with me,' she said to Jenny, putting her hand in her arm. Jenny obeyed joyfully, and Jack retreated downstairs, and went out to walk up and down the Quai, not quite sure whether he had made a fool of himself or not. Upbtairs, Stella very soon gave up Jenny into the care of her good-natured sister, who presently brought her down into the salon. At this time of day they had the room to themselves. Jack walked past the windows now and then, but did not come in. He saw that Stella was not there. -l There's Jack ! ' said Jenny, jumpiag up to look after him oa one of these occa sions. ' I should so like to know what you think of Jack,' she added, bitting down again by her friend. ' What everybody must think — that he is very good looking. You are a lucky girl to have such a brother.' 'Ah, he's quite perfect. If he was only rich ! Shall I tell you what he would do if he was rich — at least, what he would like to do ? ' 'Yep, tell me,' said Miss Meyrick, amiably. ' I hardly think I can. You must pro mise to foraive me, and never to say that I mentioned it.' ' Oh, I'll promise anything you like.' Jenny's face had suddenly become scar let. Her eyes looked large and myste rious. She drew a long breath before speaking. ' Well, lie would like to marrv your sister. Yes, it's true ; he peifectly adores her. Ob, please remember your promisa,' cried Jenny anxiously. She -was alarmed by the sudden change of expression in her companion's face. Mies Meyrick'e agreeable smile suddenly vanished, and was succeeded by a look of consternation. 'Oh child!' she exclaimed under her breath. At the first instant Jenny thought she was really angry ; but she recovered herself, though still looking very grave, and laid her hand on Jenny's as she sat beside her. 'My sitter would be vexed,' she said, 'if she knew what those roses meant.' ' You won't tell her ?' said Jenny. 'No, I shall not tell her; but do you know that you are too old to let yourself talk such nonsense ? - A girl of your age ought to be wiser.' This was said very kindly, and Jenny felt extremely penitent. ' I'm very sorry,' she said. ' It may be nonsense, but it's true, jouknow.'' ' Then listen to me, and I'll tell you eomething,' said Miss Meyrick. ' You and your brother had better put this out of your heads as soon as you possibly can. I will tell you a secret in my turn. My sifter is— not exactly encaged, but as good as engaged. So you had better forget all about us. Horrid, disappointing people, are we not ?' Mies Meyrick paused and sighed.. Then she looked at Jenny and smiled mast charmingly. She was not pretty, like Stella, but her manner and Emile were irre sistible. 'Do kiss me before you go,' «aid Jenny, and she instantly and willingly complied. ' I don't thick we shall forget each other ?very soon,' said she. Poor Jenny was plunged in sadness. She looked on silently and dismally at the departure of their friends, and watched Jack with an almost bitter expression as he helped them and saw them off, with all the politeness of which he was so capable. When they got into the cab, Stella herself ?was holding the roses, and vh-a bad that Jack had chosen was fastened into her button-hole. She and her mother and sister all smiled and nodded with great friendliness as they drove away. Mrs. Meyrick had gone so far as to hope that they might meet again some day in Ene land, to which Jack responded radiantly. Steliavs sieter looked at Jenny with kind sy e; pathy, and wished her good-bye specially and affectionately. Jenny understood this, but it did not make her any happier. She was angry with them and with herself, and felt almost glad when they were gone. Tnat afternoon the sun shone, and white clouds chased each other across a brilliantly blue sky. They drove up to Bon Secoure, . and there, standing at the foos of the great gilded crucifix in the cemetery, and looking down on that glorious view, .1 *ck suddenly missed Jenny's enthusiasm, a- 'I asked what was the matter. Jenny confessed in fear and trembling. Besides the misery of tell ing Jack such news, she was afraid that by her stupidity she had spoilt the tour in Normandy for them both. But Jack was never inclined to be hard on his little sister. ' All right,' he said. ' We won'tgrudge her the roses.' After some minutes' silence, gazing thougHtf ully down the shining valley, he said: '? Don't sulk abont it, Jenny, whatever you do. It'e the best thing that could have happened, don't you eee ? Much better than going on talking about them, as we should have done, and getting worse and worse, Now we -will both swear not to mention their name for the next month, and to be have properly, and enjoy ourselves. If you attempt to mope, I shall take you straight back home at once.' Jenny agreed to this arrangement as cheerfully as she could, and in all the sew and amusing experiences that followed after Rouen, she found less and less diffi culty in keeping up her spirits to the mark that Jack had set for her. His own be havior ehe thought quite heroic. Only once or twice, in specially romantic places, among tile rocks of Falaise, on the green flower-sprinkled cliffs between Arro manches and Asnelles, looking down over a blue and purple sea, Jenny seemed to feel a sudden check on her lighthearted ness. She glanced at her brother, and saw that he had not forgotten the hotel at Rouen, the two fascinating travellers who had crossed their path there, the bunch of red roses that had gone away in Stella's own hand. Chapter II. It is hardly necessary to say that Jack and Jenny, going back to England with the full expectation of meeting their friends again at once in that small country, were disappointed, and did not see or hear of them at all. Each of them privately watched the papers for the announcement of Stella's marriage, but they never saw it. Jack spent Christinas at home — his father was a small squire in the middle of England — and, a few days after, made a journey of some length to visit his god father, Mr. Wolfe, an eccentric old bachelor, who had always told him that he meant to leave him nothing. Jack did not mind much, though he could not quite agree with Mr. Wolfe that having enough to live on must be certain ruin to a young man. He knew little of his god father, and did not like him. His visits to Mm were few and far between, and he would willingly have avoided him alto gether, but his mother always rejoiced so much when Mr. Wolfe's invitations came, that Jack could not find it in his heart to refuse them. Coldfield Court had attractions of its own, independent of its master. It was a fine old red-brick house, standing high, in the middle of a wild, sandy, picturesque park. There were acres of gorse and heather and fern; there were groups and plantations of great hollies, centuries old, bordering large pools, delightful either for skating or fishing. Nearer the house there was a noble avenue of oaks. Mr. Wolfe preserved strictly, and the park was, full of game. Jack's visits there had generally been in the shooting season, and it was pleasant at anyrate to remember the long days he had spent wandering about with his old friend the keeper. Mr. Wolfe seldom went oat himself, being often ill and always nervous. When Jack arrived on this occasion, about 5 o'clock in the afternoon, the butler told him that his master wished to see him at once, and took him through some gloomy passages to a large, high, darkly-furnished room, where Mr. Wolfe, small and pinched, and not unlike a weasel, wae sitting by the fire in his dressing-gown. He received Jack kindly, enquired for his father and mother, and then looking him all over with his sharp little eyes, asked whether he had brought any evening clothes. ' To be sure I have,' said Jack, rather surprised at the question. ' Ah, that's a good thing, for I'm in a horrid fix,' said Mr. Wolfe. 'I have two ladies staying here, and nobody to enter tain them. However, if you are properly dressed, you can take my place very well.' ' Are not you well enough to come down, sir ?' said Jack. ' No, I'm not. Now, look here. I won't keep you long, but we must have a little talk on business. Did you ever hear me apeak of a distant cousin of mine who might have married me, but chose instead to marry a fellow called Manning ?' Jack thought not. 'Well, that doesn't matter. I forgave her, and she made me godfather to one of her daughters. You didn't know I had any godchildren besides yourself ? Well, I have only this one. I think you would make a very good match. You are both as Boor as church mice to begin with. Don't interrupt me. If you marry Victoria Manning I shall leave each of you fifty thousand pounds, and throw in this place into the banrain. You won't have long to wait. I shall not be alive next ChriBtmas What are you jumping about for?' Jack sprang to his feet, and came a few steps nearer to the old man. ' It's impossible,' he began. 'Just sit down again, you blundering fellow, will you, and listen to me !' cried Mr. Wolfe 'in his peevish high-pitched voice. ' Victoria has nothing to live upon, I tell you. Her mother has made an utter fool of herself, and the children are depen dent on her. They think a great deal of themselves, but they are next door to bepgars. A year ago the mother came here and explained it all to me. I told her that if the girl would marry the husband I chose for her, I would do as I tay — Itave her fifty thousand pounds. I £tiit her away with that proposition to her daughter. 1 Euspect Miss Victoria was as troublesome as you are. But her mother wrote and told me that she had made her promise one thing — to set entangled with nobody else till she had seei the man 1 wished her to marry. 1 bat's enough. I know what mothera are. We shall have no serious trouble with the young lady. I hare not been able to arrange a meeting till now, for various reasons. A year is a long time, but her mother tells me she has kept her word. Wise girl — as wise as ehe ie pretty, Master Jack ; so now let us have your little outburst.' Mr. Wolfe had talked himself into a good humor. Jack, on the contrary, had listened with deepening indignation. He tried to control himself, and not to show his con tempt and difgust too strongly. 'I could not possibly agree to such an arrangement,' he said, ' even if I were going to starve, which I am not. You told me long ago that you meant to leave me nothing1.' Keep to that please. Leave it all te tiie young lady. I cannot have anything to de with it.' ' No,' said Mt. Wolfe, ' I mean to act fairly by you both, and to know at the same time where my money is going. I have no relations. Unless you marry neither of you will touch a penny of it. I shall leave it all to charities. Money is a great power,' he went on, rubbing his hands. 'One can play with lives like chessmen when one has money enough. Come, vou won't be so unfeeling as to con demn Miss Manning to poverty when her fortune depends on no one but you ?' Jack stared at him ; he was somehow fascinated bv the little yellow wrinkled man. He thought he might be the Ev-l Spirit himself, sitting crouched up there tempting him to sell his soul for this splen did share of money and lands. It w-ia terrible ; but there was not any failing in his resolution. The idea of being taken up and used by such a man as this was nure and more odious to him. Mr. Wolfe sat there in the firelignt an I watched him with twinkling eyas. lid thought Jack was yielding, but he wd& mistaken. After a long pause the young man spoke. '? I tell you again, sir, it is impossible.' 'A word only, to be found in the dic tionary of fools,' Mr. Wolfe quoted from a man not more scrupulous than himself. ' Of course I did not expect you to agree at once. Besides, if you did agree, the matter would not be settled. There is the young lady to please, you must remember. I have no doubt of your admirinfr her, but it is quite on the cards that she may not admire you. However, that will soon be decided.' ' You don't understand me,' said Jack, frowning. ' I decline to- enter into the affair at alL in any way. What you do, or don't do, with your money is nothing to me. I never expected it, and I won't have it. I won't touch it.' 'If you and Victoria Manning like each otter, you will have it,' said Mr. Wolfe. ' I don't want to see Miss Manning,' protested Jack; 'you must find some other fellow, if you can. With such a conditior, though, every man I know would answer you as I do.' 'You must have a very soft set of friends,' said Mr. Wolfe, grinning hide ously. ' And a rude and ungrateful set, too.' Jack blushed. 'Of course you mean kindly, sir,' he began. ' Never mind what I mean. X mean to make, my will ia a day or two. By -the- bye, if you don't wish to see Miss Manning, you most go away to-night, for she aud her mother are staying here. But, of course, with your sentiments I can't ask you to entertain them.' ' You are putting me in an awfully awk ward position,' said Jack. ' It is all your own fault. They don't kaow who you are. I did not tell them in so many words that you -were coming, and they have never heard your name. Now, behave decently for once. Go down stairs and make yourself as pleasant as you can.' Jack gave in to this, after a minute's hesitation. If these ladies did not actually know him to be the hero of Mr. Wolfe's plan, be thought there need not ba any. particular awkwardness in his meet ing them. It was not in his nature to be reserved and out of temper; he I liked the society of women, and it must be confessed that he felt rather curious to Bee Mr. Wolfe's gad-daughter. Also, he was ?? very hungry. His journey had been fol lowed by a long drive from* the station, and he saw no prospect of dinner, except with the ladies who were staying in the house. He thought, altogether, it was the strangest adventure he had ever known. He felt a sort of excitement all the time he was dressing for dinner, and as he went down the dark old staircase bis heart was beating faster than it had ever done since that day in the Rouen hotel, she months ago, when hechose the xosebud for Stella to wear. He wondered why he should think of Stella that evening, when he had so wisely re solved not to think of her at all, and to bury that fancy in oblbion. No one, not even Jenny, knew how much and how often he thought of her. As Jack crossed the hall to the seldom used drawing-room, he saw that the old family portraits, and the carved cabinets, and helmets, and stag's heads, were all crowned and garlanded with holly, shining out against the brown walls. He supposed that tiiis had been done in honor of Mr. Wolfe's Christmas visitors, for certainlv there was little Christmas joy about the old man himself. Then he pushed open one of the double doors that led into the drawing-room. A great desolate flaring room it was, quite dazzling, as he walked in from the softer light of the hall. Two chandeliers and a blazing fire were reflected in several large mirrors; the whiteand gold chairs were set round stiffly on a carpet of brilliant colors. Here also were holly and ivy, wreathing the pictures and the mirror-frames. By the fire there was a long high-backed sofa, on which a lady was sitting, dressed in white and pink, with a feather screen in her hand. She sat motionless, and gazed in the strangest way at the young mas as be came in. Jack looked remarkably wall in his evening clothes. They gave just the touch of elegance that was wanted to his handsome bronzed face and tall strong figure. His eyes were bright and eager ; he came into the Toom with a graceful con fidence, as if he were sure of making a good impression. The fact was, that beyond the claunB of a little personal vanity, which he shared with other young men, Jack did not much care what impression lie made on these ladies. He had been shy enough at Kouen, with the charming strangers there ; and even now his self-complacency did not last very long. The lady on the sofa looked pale and worn, and unhappy. But when her eyes fell on Jack, her face took first an expres sion of bewilderment, then of extreme, unbelieving amazement. She colored deeply, and stood up, dropping her screen as she did so. She stood there in a blaze of light and looked at Jack, who stopped short in equal confusion on his way across the room. Two thoughts flashed into his brain, the second losing itself for a moment in the wonder of the first. ' It is Stella ! What can this mean ?' He could not collect himself at once ; but the occasion seemed even more over whelming to her than to him. She did not speak, or step forward; she turned away her face, and stooped to pick up the screen at her feet; Was it Stella, or an appari tion ? Jack wondered whether he had Euddenly gone mad, and was beginning to see visions created by his own brain. Buc he felt be must epeak to her. He walked slowly towards her, gazing at her all the time. She would not meet his eyes. But the was certainly a real woman ; a vision never flushed and trembled in that very human way. Jack suddenly spoke, his voice had an unnatural sound in it ; bat that was better than silence. ' Am I in an enchanted palace ? And is it you, Miss Meyrick, or your ghost ?' Stella seemed to recover hersel* with a little stait. She laughed oddly and ner vously, and held out her hand. ' 1 thought it was you,' she said ; ' but I really could not believe my eyes, for yju «re the very last person I should have ex pected to see. Yes, I rather think the place is enchanted, and Mr. Wolfe is just like a little old wizard, isn't he ? ' ' But how do you come to be here ?' said Jack, painfully conscious of a mystery. ' Do I seem curious — but it is so amazing. 1 thoueht he said there were only two ladies here — Mrs. and Mus ? ' he stopped, for somehow the name stuck in hiB throat. He looked appealingly at Stella, but her eyes were fixed on her bracelet, which ehe was twisting uneasily round a ad round. 'For goodness sakej explain it all to me ! I am perfectly mystified,' he said. Stella would not look at him. iahe shook her head, and drew a quick breath. Jack was filled with agony, for he saw a tear fall and sparkle on the bracelet. ' What have I said ?' he muttered. 'Who did you say — what name — you expected to find here ?'' asked Stella in a low voice. u Miss Manning. Ia she here ? Do you like her P 'Yes, she is here. No, 1 can't endure her. She is perfectly odious,' Stella answered more decidedly. ' I think she must be,' said Jack, half to himself. 'Y'ou would not believe, Miss Meyrick, what an awful, disgraceful fix my old. godfather has been trying to put me in. But perhaps you have heard of it already ?' Stella bent her head. 'Do you mind letting me know who told you ?' Stella hesitated a moment. Then she acswered so low that Jack could hardly hear her *. ' Mibb Manning's mother. But I did not know it was you.' ' It won't be me, that is quite certain,' said Jack cheerfully. He was doing his best to feel as if all wae right and natural, as if he need not be so immeasurably surprised at meeting Stella there. He could not help seeing that her manner was extremely odd, so odd that if it had not been for their mutual recognition he could hardly have ' believed it was herself, the cool, indifferent, ' self-possessed Miss Meyrick. He wondered , if this strangeness could be caused by her sister's having told her of his hopeless ad ? miration. Surely not; she must be too well ! used to hearing of her conquests. He talked ' on bravely, Stella scarcely answering him, ! till somebody else came into the room, Stella did not look up, but sat shading her : face 'with the screen. Jack turned, his head i anxiously. Who was coming bow ? i It was a tall woman in black — Mrs. : Meyrick, as he at once knew! She also recognised him; she turned a little pale as I she 8milingly shook hands with him* and glanced at her daughter. The next mo ment dinner was announced. It seamed that no more ladies were expected to ap pear. Poor Jack was so utterly mystified that he gave up the hope of ever fathoming the mystery, offered his arm to Mrs. Meyrick, and led her into the dining-ioom Mrs. Meyrick, fortunately, was less over whelmed than her daughter by this un locked for meeting. She talked per severingly to Jack, while Stella remained silent. She apparently could not even pretend an interest in foreign tours, skating, dancing, theatres, any of the subjects that her mother and Jack ware so ^busily ex hausting. It was not till dinner was over, and the ladies were back in the drawing room, that she suddenly recovered her speech.. ' This is a nice end to it all, mamma,' she said. ' I always wanted you to insist on knowing the man's name. Of course by this time he understands, but before you came down he told me about the ' dis graceful fix,' as he very rightly called it, and how resolved he was to have nothing to do with it. Of course, it is disgraceful, and we have lowered ourselves beyond measure by ever listening to Mr. Wolfe for a moment. Now I hope you will agree with me. We must get away from this horrid place to-morrow morniner. The thing has settled itself most wonderfully.' ' What do you mean ?' said Mrs. Mey rick. *' Did not he know who you were ?' 'No ! he expected to see Miss Manning. Be had so idea that my name was not the same as yours. Nothing more dreadful could possibly have happened.' 'But, my dear child, he admires you very much ; and you always said how much you liked him.' 'He hates Miss Manning,' said Stella. ' He hates a girl that could have lent her self to such a plan — he said as much, and I agreed with him.' '? What a terrible pity,' said Mrs. Mey rick, walking up and down the room. ' Really, Victoria, your prejudices— I see nothing disgraceful in the plan. I never did. Such arrangements are constantly made in other countries. This has been badly managed, certainly. But with such consequence depending on it ; so important to you — well, it is really a dreadful busi ness. Mr. Wolfe asked me to go and see him after dinner. I must tell him of the former acquaintance. I shan't mention any doubts yet, because I really think — and he would be so sadly disappointed, poor man.' She hurried out of the 'room. Stella hesitated a moment whether she also should disappear. She doubted whether Jack would think it his duty to join them. If lie did, she almost thought she would like to have it out with him, to ask him to forget the whole affair, to tell him that they were going away to-morrow, aud that she was only anxious for Mr. Wolfe to be disappointed. She had never known how hateful the plan had been, till she saw Jack's feeling about it in his honest face that evening. Had fortune-seekers, she asked herself, ever such a lesson before ? Jack in the meanwhile had left the dining room and gone out into the moonlit evening, to think things over with a cigar. Afresh breeze was blowing, the oaks were shaking their great anus under a sky of myste rious silver light, over which .flocks of white clouds were driving. He could not help understanding it all. Nothing needed explanation now, except the difference of names. It was he, himself, to whom Stella had been ' as good as engaged' iu the summer. It all tallied with what Mr. Wolfe had told him. The whole thing was like a strange exciting dream. Jack, whose clear young mind preferred realities, was determined to bring the dream to an end, one way or another. He loved Stella — this new glimpse of her had taught Mm how much — and it would have been only too easy for him now to enter into his god father's plan. But he hated the plan as strongly &s; ever, and he believed that she hated it too. He walked into the drawing-room look ing very grave and determined. 'Stella, who was sitting there alone, glanced up at bird and saw that he had made some reso lution. She felt almost afraid of him ; her shy young admirer seemed to have de veloped ioto a grand moralist, and she too heartily wished that this ordeal were over. He came and stood silently by the fire for a moment, leaning against the corner of the chimney-piece. Stella made an effort and spoke to him. ' Mr. Falconer, we had no wish to deceive you. My mother has been married twice —her second husband was Mr. Meyrick. My sister and I— our name is Manning. You understand it all now, don't you ?' ' I suppose I do,' said Jack. 'You are disappointed in us,' Stella went on, her voice trembling. 'You would not have thought, nor should- 1 — I hate myself, as I told you. But when people want money, and fmi it hard to keep up appearances, you a e what they will condescend to.' ?' It was your mother's dolk not yours,' said Jack. ' You must not blame my poor mother entirely. I will tell you in confidence my sister and I had good fortunes, bat white we were under age Mr. Meyrick got them info his hands. He wao extravagant, and somehow they disappeared. Of course my mother suffered a great deal, and this freak of Mr. Wolfe's seemed to her a chance ; but it is a horrid subject, and I have no wish ever to allude to it again. We are going away to-morrow morning,' said Stella, getting up, '? and I can only hope that you will soon forget us.' Stella had never, in Jack's short acquaint ance with her, looked so lovely as she did just then. The slight coldness and indif ference that sometimes spoiled her manner had disappeared; she was flushed and agitated, and her eyes were shining with a wonderful light. Jack felt that his prin ciple were failing as he looked at her ; or rather he forgot Mr. Wolfe, plan and principles altogether. Mr. Wolfe mi^ht, perhaps, have calculated on something of the kind. ' Forget you !' said Jack rathei bitterly. ' When you have been my one thought for tbe last six months, ami likely to forget joe ?' A pained look came into Stella's face, She put up her hand, as if to silence him. ' What are you saying ?' she murmured under her breath. ' I can't help it,' said Jack. « We called you Stella— my star, you must listen to me. It's no use thinking that I can go away, and live without you. Don't you see, dear, how fate has meant us for each other all along ?' Stella did not contradict him. She let him come near and take hold of her hands; ehe let him talk on for a few moments, telling her things that she had partly known all along. Then she drew her hands from Ms, and made a step backwards, looking at him with a sadness that checked his eager words. 'You forget,' she said, 'you are for getting everything. You are doing what you vowed you would not do. Nothing is changed. I am that horrid, worldly, mer cpnary gill by whose consent you were drawn into this ? disgraceful fix.' You wish to please Mr. Wolfe, to degrade yourself by following out his plan ! Oh, I could not have believed it ! ' ' Look here, you need not laugh at me,' said Jack almost furiously. 'I wish old Wolfe and all Mb money were at the bottom of the sea. What are we to do, if he will leave it to us ? We can't hate each other because of that. Can we ? ' ' I have made up my mind,' said Stella. ' 11 you can reconcile yourself to the bar gain now, I can't. No, I can't— it is no use asking me. I have deserved this. Oh, don't you know how ? Find out for your self then, and go away. This I tell you— neither of us shall touch that money. You shall not sell yourself for my sake. And I won't sell myself, even for yours.' ' Even for mine !' That was indeed a text for Jack to speak upon. He made Stella confess that, ever since* she saw him at Rouen, her bondage had been more painful to her; in fact, she- had never thought about it or minded it much before. She knew she ought to have, withdrawn the promise to her mother, but she never expected to see Jack again, and guessed that he like herself was hopelessly poor, and thought this arrangement of her godfather's would be ' bread, if not angel's food.' And now she had found her punish-' ment in Jack's horror of the plan and of: herself for joining in it. It was no use his pleading and persuading, wishing to unsay all he had said before. At the bottom o£ his heart he still hated the plan, that ha could not deny, but yet, now that it meant riches and happiness for Stella, its face) was changed, and Mr. Wolfe seemed to ba turned suddenly from a wicked wizard into a friendly magician. But Stella did not tMnk so. All J&eka; resolved prejudice had passed into her. She would not listen to any of his argu ments. 'TeU me this, then,' said Jack at last; ' if neither of us had the prospect of a penny, what would you say to me ? Would you drive me away as cruelly aa you are- doing now ?' ' What is the use of talking about what can't happen ?' said Stella. ' When the time comes, we shall see. As it is, Mr. Wolfe has built up a barrier which nobody can break down.' It seemed indeed to Jack, as he wan dered about that night — for it was impos sible to eleep — that his old godfather had ruined his happiness mosteffectually. Stella would never consent, he knew aha nevec would, if she was to become at once- Jack's wife and Mr. Wolfe's heiress. He- loved her all the batter for it, and yet her was in. the depths of misery, and racked his brains for hours to find his way out of this dilemma. A young man plotting to- avoid a legacy of fifty thousand pounds I It was a curious phenomenon. At last the morning came, grey, and wild and misty, a gleam of sunshine darting ia and lighting the old hall as Jack came down the stairs. There seemed to be a strange bustle in the house, a distant noise* of doors shutting quickly. Jack heard somebody coming downstairs after him ; he turned and saw that it was Stella, pala and very much excited. 'Is mamma downstairs?' she said. 'Have you seen her? Have vou told her?' ' Haven't you f ' said Jack. She looked at Mm wonderingly. 'I have only this instant heard,' she said. 'How awful it is! Let me pars please, I must go to mamma. 'But what is it ?' said Jack, taking het hand, as they stood together for a moment at the foot of the stairs. 'Think of its ending like this .''cried Stella, with sudden tears. ' Oh, poor man, he did mean kindly by us. after all !' She would not stay to be questioned and comforted, but hurried on towards tha dining-room. Jack turned in great bewilder ment to see the old butler coming with shaky steps along the hall. ' He was a good master to us,' he said and he too was in tears. Jack soon knew it all. The old man had gone into his master's room that morning and had found him dead. The busy scheming brain was at rest ; and as to the plans and intentions, where were they! There was great surprise in the country when it was known that Mr. Wolfe shrewd, prudent, money-loving man as he was always supposed to be, had died without a will. He had no heirs, and his whole property lapsed to the Crown. Many people were sadly disappointed, and among them Jack Falconer's father and mother. He himself, never having expected anything, was not disappointed. He told the whole story to Jenny in confidence; ehe thought it almost as strange as any story in a book. Mrs. Meyrick and her daughter had left Coldfield Court at once, but Stella had given Jack their address. They were living in a very small house in a fashionable London suburb, as people live who feel that they ought to be .rich, and will not let themselves fall into any of the ways of poverty. There Jack appeared in February much to Mrfl. Meyrick's consternation. If it had been her plain and excellent daughter Lucy, she would not have minded so much, but her only hope for their future fortunes was in Victoria's attractiveness, and that she should throw herself away on a young man of such moderate prospects was a spiteful trick of fate indeed. Jack; had got an agency in Wales, of wMch h» was very proud, but Mrs. Meyrick thought this was only a polits synonym for a life of. . mopifig starvation. Still* she was aa affectionate woman, and did not make herself disagreeable to the two young people, who were bent on having their own way. Only one day, when she found Jack and her daughter together, talking over their future .plans, they succeeded in ex hausting her stock of patience. ' Mamma,' said Stella, ' Jack and I have just agreed that, after all, poor Mr. Wolfe was our greatest benefactor. We wouldn't have his money, don't you see, and as long as he lived we could not escape from tha danger of it So ? ' ' My dear child, you and Jack are only fit for a lunatic asylum J' said Mrs. Meyrick, and hastily leaving the room she slammed the door behind her. Jenny told me all this the other day. . her eyes dancing with delight at the happy end of Jack's little Rouea flirtation. I wondered how it would have been if Jack and Stella's first meetusp had been at Cold field Court. I was incline 1 to tMnk that things would have turned out just tha same, but Jenny quite differed from me ; the thought Rouen and' the roses had dona it all. She is devoted to her beautiful sisterin law, who has informed her that Jack is tha cobleet fellow in the world. . ' I could have told her that,' says Jenny, i Jack also has told his sister in confidence that than never lived a nobler woman than. f Stella. ? The members of the North Adelaide BaptntGhwcb have mtunmoiuiy (Ivan s c«II to the Be*. AH»n~W. W«W-. of Mew ZMnd, ;. to tt», pufcmte of that -&amh.; Mr. W«bb oouJactedaerviee* at th» cboreh for one month* , fcut left again fox New Znisai U»; week. 