DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. (From our own Correspondent.) Whit Sunday was observed with the customary solemnity in the local Catholic churches. At St. Patrick's Cathedral, at. eleven o'clock, there was High Mass ' the Yery Rev. Dr. Moore officiating as celebrant, the Rev. D. F. Barry, O.S.B., as deacon, and the Rev. Father Salvadore, an Italian priest, as sub- deacon. There was a very large congregation; At the conclusion of the Mass, Father Barry read the epistle and gospel of the day ; the former haviDg reference to the descent of the. Holy. Ghost in the form of tongues of fire. The singing of the choir was noticeable for excellence. Referring to the Geelong Orphanage, it was announced that there would be a collection, made for it on next Sunday, there being a number of:children from the Ballaratdistrict in the institution in qaeBtion. It was also stated thsit Whit Monday and the following dwould be observed as days of devotion... A well-attended jneetfog of the Christian Doctrine Society was held , at the Catholic Library on Sunday .evening, after/Vespers; the spiritual director of the 'society, the Rev. Father Sheridan, presiding. A number of new .members were enrolled, and several candidates for membership wrere nominated*. It,-, was alio „ arranged that, branches of the 8Mi)sty be established - respectively at Cl^endqii a^^ Navigator?., | » i U b wafaJao ip^_Jor having. tihe Catholic boys ,^f<^rs«Btoyy. taught! t fte CJ^t^doctrine, .qnji Mjv J. Batten anji|ome,Ojthers wire appoipied tpfaerih. toem^.i^taictions \- to, be Rgipen flwry Soujflfy^ tion (.qf tk .{gumeay tio ; t h e . ^ P i e renovation and repairs of the buQdinigr are to be comnunu^-jthis- There igj&ojr;, jfeclWfateTfe established on a strong and permanent basis; and with Buch careful and exemplary teachers as are at the head of the organisation, there ought to be a geod moral impression made on the rising generation of Catholic children in this district. ' The first meeting of the Catholic Library Committee was well attended. Mr. J. M. Patten was voted to the chair. It was decided that the Advocate be kept constantly on the table. It was also agreed that the subscription be two shillings per quarter, the amount being fixed at this low figure in order to induce people to read the splendid works now on the shelves of the library. It was also decided that the library be formally opened next Sunday. Mr. M. C. Carey has been appointed permanent chairman of committee. The Eev. Father Hennebery's watch has been handed over to the claimant, Mr. Bowes, who resides in the Redan locality. Mr. Bowes, I learn, has given a donation towards the Catholic schools. 