TO THE BDITOB OF THE " DÂ.ILT TELEGRAPH." Sir,-I have read the whole of your letters j, respecting the belief or otherwise in ghosts, and v cannot refrain any longer from giving you my ? uuuuui iDiimu any luuguc 1 own experience. I may . preface my story by atat , iagthat previous to Nov ; ember 7, 1869, I always laughed at the bare ide», and now for my story. I was staying in Brighton on the day mentioned with , some friends who were about to prooeed abroad. Two ladieB, a cousin, and myself went out to dine at Kemptown. lb being a most charming moonlight night, I told my friends I i : should prefer walking . . home to Brunswick-square , : (the other end of tho town.) I accordingly ; proceeded on the sea-side ,. of the Esplanade. "When . just opposite the Bedford t Hotel a carriage and pair drew up alongside the . rails with two men on tho box and an elderly lady /inside. I was greatly ! startled, aa the wheels 1 made no noise ; bub at once 1 took about half a ;. . dozen steps, towards tho carriage to see what it \- meant, when I distinctly ?_. ..recognised the occupant as my grandmother, , whom 1 had left perfectly ',. ¡well at Cheltenham a few t: days before, also her coachman and footman-on ; , fie box. I at once , vaulted over the rails -, opposite the carriage. A t the same moment it ßtruck . ' : me as most out of the .,. ?. way that an old .lady of : 83 should bring all her belongings from Chelten- ham to Brighton, with , , ont informing her rela ,', tions of the move. Asl ?(.. touohed the ground I ,.?,< made one step forward to ( greet her, when to my horror the whole thing vanished. When I re . covered myself I went , straight home and told the j whole circumstances of tho <_ case. Of course everyone ? laughed at me, and told me that it was fortunate . there were witnesses who ';, could speak to" my perfect sobriety. I was very pub out, and hardly slept all night. Early next morn- ing we received a tole . _ gram that my poor old Írandmotber had been ound detid in her bed at . 7.30 that morning. This / circumstance I Bhall never forget, as you may imagine. Hoping you will not think my Btory top . long for publication in , your valuable journal, -I ..... beg to remain, faithfully yours, W. M. 