Triumph and Confliot. By-theBhv.W. P. Maokay.-MJL (Continuedfrom 'oar last.) BUT thore is a Scriptural conflict/riamclyj tiio conflict against thb devil. All Canaan was'givon. to 'Joshuabut tto road that they had. to enter in and take nossea eion of it personally—' every place that tho solo' of your foot shall tread upon, that hare I given unto you.' (Joshua i. 3.) Thoy had .to fight for every inch of the land. First Jericho fell, then Ai, until Joshua routod the thirty- one kings. ;jfoad Joshua xii.; And after wo are told that wo are already raised and seated in Christ, that we already.have been blessed with all Spiritualblessings in heavenly places in Christ, the conflict is put before us is., in the very heavenly places were we are blessed, as Joshua's fighting with Canaan's kings was in Canaan. > • • •• ,,r ; ' This conflict is not against the world-or the flesh—we have considered these already—but it is against Satan the accuser, wicked spirits ruling in darkness, demons that hato' the light. (Eph.vi. 12.) • e 1st What'are they ? : 'Principalities' and powers/ , They possess strength of evil; strong wills more powerful than ours. They originally derived strength from God, and their apostate will rises from themselves. 2nd. What do they do ? Thoy have power over the worl 1 as governing it; for it is in darkness, and they are ' the rulers of the darkness of this world.' I 3rd. Whero do they dwell ? They dwell rin heavenly places,' and thus'ever endeavour to obtain a religious and delusiyo ascendency over us, fbr they are ' spiritual wickedness.' And what do wo require forthesefoeswho dispute our possessions ? This is not Pharaoh keeping us in bondage;. nor Amalek fighting against us,' but the Canaanites disputing our own possessions.' The two former we were save from j the latter we have to meet in their true attitude, as keep ing us from our rightful places as the redeemed of God. We fight, clad in the.armour of God. ' Be strong in the Lord, ond.in the power of His might. Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. Fur we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, againstthe rulers of, the darkness~ of;.this world, against spiritual wickedness in heavenly I places. Wherefore take ;unto you the whole '"armour of God, that you may bo able to with stand in . the evil day, end having done all to stand. ; Stand, therofore, having your loins girt, about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness; and yonr feet shod with tho preparation of the gospel of peaoe; aboVe "all, taking, the shield, of faith wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the flety darts of the wioked. And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit^ ; which is the. word of God: praying always with, all prayer and snpplioa tion in the Spirit, and watching thereon to with all perseverance and aopplioation for all saints.' (Eph.vi. 10-li). ■ This it neither to ' get'pesos,' nor to avoid condemnation,' nor to get into ' heavenly plaoos.': It is not with the judgment of God, nor the'law of God, nor ein within me. Thie oobflict is against the wiles of the'nd versary, who, day and'night, tries to deprive me of all that God has given and all that faith enjovs. ; Let us sec how all this boars upon us. Somo look upon a Christian as out of Egypt, now in tlio Wilderness, and waiting to reach Canaan. This may haTC somo truth in it. but it does not convey the whole truth as to our ; osiliou. Othsrs look.upon it thus: Wc are iu Canaan by faith j we' are in the Wilderness in fact; aud we may be in Egypt, .Wilderness, or Canaan as'to experience. Again, there is truth here; but I do not think it is exactly put as Scripture warrants. Lit us. shortly sum up all the above Hsb. xl. 28-30. I.—' Through faith ho (Moses) kept tho pasBOver, annd tho sprinting of blood, lost ho that destroyed J tho first-born shouldtouah them.' Exod. xii.—Horn, v.' 1-11. Triumph hv blood. John xvii.—Bom. Till. 22-23. Conflict with tho j World. ■ .. II.—' By faith thoy passed through tho Bod Sea a by dry land, which tho Egyptians assaying to do wcr drown od.' Exod. riv. 15; xr.—Bom. vili. Triumph in powor. | " "onfllct Exod. xrii. 8-16.—Qal. t. 17. Conflict with tho Floshi. ' III.—' By faith the walls of Jcrico foil down after | they vero compassed abont seven days.' Josh. i.—Epii. i.—Triumph in our inheritance. Conflicts ~ Josh. xii.—Epli r. Conflict with iho dOTll. 'All theso things happened unto them for types," and thoy are written for our admoni tion.' (I Cor. x 11). By faith, therefore, according to the above parollol, we aro in Christ, who is far aboro ull b'gyptian judg ment, all Wildorness woariness, and even all Canaan conflicts. In actual fact wo aro still in tho world: and in individual experience wo hava still clouds and sunshine, joy and sorrow, storm and calm. Thus thero aro three things the Christian has to distinguish: 1st, his Standing; 2nd, li s State ; 3rd, his Experience,—His standing bo foro God, his state in this world, aud his own .oxperieuee as ho passes through this world. 1\. THE OHBISTUN's STAHDINQ. . All Christians ore by "faith in tho otcrnal I «ilnt of Gqd( haying everything (hatthq /work I orOKHst hM iecured.'" We are far'above al " pWncipalitiee and powers in Him who is alive for evermore, who is the Living One, and was once dead. We are as near to 0od as Christ is, for we are made nigh.by TTf« blood; and we are as dear to God as Onrist is, for our lord, speaking to His Father, says, 'Thou hast loved them as Thou'hasfc loved'Me.' (John xvii. .23): In Him we possess all the fulness of God. But as to fact, wo find„ another side of the truth, which is— • ' * 2\. THB CHBISTIAH'S STATS. ^According as wo look at it, all Christians are still ,in' Egypt. . Not an enemy ris .really .de stroyed: The world is around us and against us. Wo are, sheltered by blood, and still we are in a condemned world. We ore eternally justified, an4 \ky grace we are saved persons; still, in plain .English, in Scripture language, we are just wHero wo were as to our surroundings. —Again we are, as to fact, still in. the Wilder ness, requiring guidance by the eye of our Father every day. As the Israelites of old hod ho sign-posts or highways in the trackless desert, and were guided by the pillar-cloud, so human wisdom and human advice can never direct the Christian in his heavenward jooraoy. God's word is his light.'- As theTsraelities had to get their bread daily from heaven, marching through a barren wilderness; so the Christian gets no!food for his new nature in- that which his fellow-men all -around; him, enjoy;; He says, ' The life, which I now live in the flesh, I live by .the faith of the Son of God, who • loved mo and gave Himself for mo.' . (Gal. ii. 20.) Everyday the Israelites required the water from the Kock in the dry and parched land, so the Christian daily drinks the truth of. God. Coristjis his daily refreshment. Tliejo are for our-weariness. The Israelites likewise had Joshua to figlit, and Moses to pray, against their foe Amalek j so we have the spirit to war against: the.flcsh,' and we have our advo cate with the Father Christ presents' the bloodJor us on high, and daily-requires our feet to be washed from all earthly defilement. These are God's provisions for our sin. ^ Again, as to fact, we arc in the Canaan con flict, following bur Joshua through all his wars, which are our wars. Every Christain is really, as to fact, in Egypt, in the Wilderness, and in Canaan, at one and the same time. . Different aspects may be more prominently ours at one time than at another, and this constitutes ex perience. The experience of Christians is not always Christian experience. :. ; • 3. THE CHBISTIAir'8 EXPE3IEFCE. What do we find the every-day experience of Christians-to be? According as a Christian' understands what his standing is and what his state is,1 eo will bo liis experience. But every Christian's experience must be ca walking with God/' Ho may be, as to' experience, sheltered by blood and hardly knowing it, like an Israelite in Egypt not realising the safety that there was under the blood-sprinkled lintel. He may, be consciously at peace with God by the blood, but still trembling under tho fear of coming into condemnation, like an. Israelite not seeing the path' through the sea, and trembling lest Pharaoh's host should' destroy him j but ho will be walking with. God up to the light he has. He may be rejoicing on the solid ground of Christ risen, having for ever done with .all that was against lnm/and'b'elng conscious that God is now for him j and he thus wal'-s. with' -God, liko an.Israelite passed through the 'Red Sea, and entered upon the wilderness journav. And, finally, he may be walking as in .heavenly places, like An Israelite who had passed through the, Jordan and had settled in Canaan. ( He is ;God's workmanship, and is now getting into the^ mystery of His will (Eph. i. 9), having lost sight of the thought of his - own- salvation, and being absorbed in God— as the aged pil grims have told us that for years they had never had a thought about their own salvation, —as the aged Bengel said, 1 The same . old. torms/ - And it is only when in conscious experience we have been token thus far, that we.cm otudy God for Hi* own sake—for what He is This is the furthest we can reach here. : The. standing of every believer before God in Christ Jesus, known only by faith here, is the same, and it is independent of his realising it or enjoying it. The actual state of every Christian upon the earth is likewise the same. What an anomaly any Christian is in the world-! A son of God walking through a God hating world, with a God-hating devil its head, and having within him a God- hating nature : the fact being that every Christian, as to conflict down here, is in Egypt, in the Wilderness, and in Canaan. The experience of every Christian is not the same, but varies in different people, and.- in the samo person at different times, according as he knows his standing beforo God, knows his state, and walks in the Spirit. Thus we find the reason of so much scorning contradiction in Scripture, and in the writings.of God-taught' men. I am sometimes confronted with a pas sage in a man's writings, and asked, 'Do jou believe that ?' . * Yes/T answer; c and do you helievo that ?' —a directly opposite statement (seemingly), and ugain I say— ' Yes, because I find the some expression in God's Word.' They all reconcile themselves in our own con sciousness, if we are submissive enough to wait and learn God's mind. I wish that you. my Christian reader, may distinctly seo tho differ ence between what the Christian is in God's sight, and what ho is in this world, and also why there is so much difference in different Christians. There is 6no path, and hut one path, in which our God and Father wouldhavo us walk ; that is the path of His ' wn Son h re in conscious sonship, witnessing for Uitn as if we were in Egypt, in tho Wilderness, and in Canaan, taVing s des with Him against the world, agiinst ourselves, and against the devil This is Christian experience j but, nlas! this a not always die experience of fhristuns. This may depcud upon their not rightly dividing the .word of truth, or thoir not seeing the truth in its many aspects. If wo draw up a fow seoming contradictions from God's word concerning tho Chriitiaosii) parallel column*, if wo read down one of them ire shall find the experience of somer.v ?/ Christians if again we read down the opiet we shall find the experience of another class.of Christians; but Christian experience wtJwhir*p '";v monious and scriptural blending of ;both."-.-..(!.;• ; wonder whn.fr.fimrAla wonder what angels think as they see such sons' of God here!) Did not Paul know this , this strung# • contradiction? I saw an infidel tract thebther" . >■ day, meant to prove the Bible to befalseby. .f-'vr. drawing'up in parallel columns about a dozen." contradictions found in Scripture, such 'Whosoeveris born of God sinncth.not,Vaa3»'-{ Vi;,r. 'if we say we have no sin, we deceive ourselves/;? ;; &c.; and I thought ' Are the infidels really so . ; far back?1 So I commend the following four. : dozen, instead of one, to their, notice, andv promise xuore when these are understood. The ; . J poor infidel never heard of a new. creation-.and.. <v;»y an old in the same man. He knows oidy ytfcb;. old, and tries to patch it. ; • *:! -- ?®u;^now?/ Yet unknown. Behold we live. Dying Always rejoicing. Yet sorrowful. . Making many neb. - Yet poor. Possessing all things. - Having nothings Y^hava put 'off the old Pnt off all these!. Ye have put on the new Put on therefore!'v > ? *)' Who can be against us. Woild, devil, and Who shall lay anything to The Accuser accuses the ' our charge? brethren day and night;' ' Who is be that con* Wo judge onrselvei. demneth? . ......... . ... ... .. . He that is horn of God Ifwe say that we hate no ..\\\>r' • ainnethnot. ' - sin _we decdTe 'our- 7"""" . ..." ".pelvis.''-' -"S'-"!'r'-* Wo are not in the fle*b. As long as we are in theV-iiu. if > ' "" * flesh. . .; s, Jc.- {; Kotnnderlaw. Keep my coxnmandmteta... ; Ho that heheveth in the We live if we tt&nd; last in • Son bath everlasting . the Lord. • life. The Lord's freemen. ' Christ's slaves. Being made free from sib. Blood cleatueih (not has cleansed) ns from - all ' sin. * - ; Accepted in tho Beloved. We labour to be accepted „ (in service). The flesh louts against the ' \- spirit, and the • spirit " „ , , against the flesh. God who always causeth What great conflict X have. !' us to triumph. for you. . • : We are already saved. We are workin* out onr • . salvation. . ,: .Xr We ore waiting for a^w x-X I Let us therefore as many Hot as though' I wurh ' I as be perfect. already perfect. | Ye are complete in him.. We pray that wa may -. •' stand complete in all the ..... i. iv.' _ . 1 V"i ■ • ' ' will of God. Seeing ye have. purified Let every one that hatii1" your souls. -. this hope in Him purify himself. . , Ye are unleavened. ' Porge outthe old leaven. Bather who hath ma le us : When He shall appear wo -* meet to be partakers of : shall be like *»<"», tho inheritance of the • . saints in light; Always co • Qdent. • With fear and treinblhig.* Through death he de* The list enemy that shall stroyed Him that had be deitroyed is death."—* the power of death. Everywhere ana in all things— • ■ To bo full, and: : To be hnngrv. 1 Toabouud,and To Buffer need. (PhiLif.1 1 "■'% " . 12.) Let not sin therefore reign/ Mortify therefore your members which are upon-1 •' • *-• ( *■•£ \- the earth. >v I am strong. . Whenlsmweak. . We have an anchor sure Make your: wtiHwg and : ''*'r and steadfast: elec'ionsure. . . They shall never perish. Lest I should he a east* '• • ■" •' '' away. .Why as though living in The life which we now live \- the world. _ ia the fle«h I am dead. Nevertheless I live. -• - - Wc are sanctified,.jnsti- We pray that we may be fied; Christ our saocti- sanctified wholly, ficuion; . . . vvix \ Seated :n heavenly places We are in the world, b * £ in Christ. Bear ye one another's Every man shaB bear hia? ,.u. burdens. - own burden. Your bodies .are the I know tbat in me (that Is, temples of tho Holy in my flesh) dweUethno «, Ghost. good thing. - SaTod from sin. Chief of tinners. Justified by fo'th. Justified by works. - " ' . Sanctified by blood and Sanctified by the word and will of God. • Spirit. Saints by call. ' Purified by progress. We (Christians) shall not Wo (Christians) must all' come into Judgment. appear before the Jadg." ment seat of Christ. All these' seeming contradictions •'; thoroughly explained when one sees the differ-1 ence between our stinding and our slate- • If "I' recVon my standing according to our state, lam - : in a low and God-dishonouring experience- If * K I bring U»e power and character of my standing-' to mould my state, Ihen I shall have a hapjly and God:honouring experience. . v ThoLjnibon the cross has The Lamb from the throne* -— purchased all. : wlicu Ho returns in--- • -- ^ jvjwcr. shall claim all, auil actually take all., ^ i In Egypt it is tlic blood of Romm* nn-1 iiaatians • - •' the Lamb. show us the power that • . - V br.»u:lita outandkeepa us i*. : v « iiv,--. jr In Amalek's fijht it is the Hubrows looks at the ..t.' blo'Kl of tho Lamb who Chri<il>tn as always m ' " w i< tho Advocit^on liiuh, the Wililcrrrss. ■ --- that is presented. - \ ~ It is by tbo bloo t f tho Epbcsians is the book of - Lainb that tho accu-er our Canaan, of tlie brethren is over- ' -1-' \- como. Clad in God's . armour wo fight. Soon faith will be fact. May our blessed - Lord grant it. Not at death will this be true ' of the whole Church of God, but when Ha returns. Our experience will then \be* according both to faith and to fact; our state shall then he as our standings _ . our standing shall be as our state. We shall then bo' iko Him,* soul and body. Do we not .. long for the time when the last member of the . ri Cliuri h ehall bo under the shelter of the blood* sprinkled lintel, end we shall be caught np to- .. ^ gether from a doomed world,—when the last ' '! conflict with Arnalek shall have been fought, and his remembrance blotted out for ever; the , ; flesh for over left; ' tins and iniquities remem- — - here I no for everwhen the accuser of the. - J" : brethren shall have been cast out of the heavenly place, and every opposing, spiritual.. > V ;' wickednes* shall have been routed; when our * . J shua, bv ITU judgment warfare (Her. iv to , .. m xxii), shall have cleired tho inheritance ?' Then, in the splendour of the Lamb on tho . . V;;£ throne, we shall bo manifested asrthe sons *of7 : : God, ■ ' r Fellow Christian, aro. you .making your ex-- t perienco the standard for your walk? Thisia.. .■Vt :j wrong. : Aro you ma\ing yoiw state your. standard' f s " ^ " Ibis alio u wrong*^ t ~ - ;rv;'v *,v*yj ? . . God would Bare'us male^"our standing our. \- standard.^ Tlus hoiiours Hiiii. / This gives col-. quering power.. * Our attitude now is to wait cslrnly for , tho. ; hour when all shall beour own infact atidalso in experience, which is now ours in frith only ;• when our standing will be our state*. .Eventhc Apostle 'Paul. has * not yet all 5 ho .is waiting with the Lord for what ho was"'waiting. for while here —* not to he unclothed, hut clothed upon, that* mortality might bo swallowed up of life.'(2.Cor. r.) This is why resurrection, not d rath, is our hope—why wo wait for the Lord's coming to us, and not for our going to Him. We do riot writ for happiness merely, we wait for what will bring to a close this great paradox between standing and state, and also terminate that unseen state of disembodied souls with thhrLord in Paradise. 'Even "so, come, Lord Jesus.' ' Beloved, now are we the eons of Godj and it doth not yet appear what we shall be ; bat we know fclafc when He shall appear, we shall be like Him; ■ for we shall see Him as He is. And ever? one that hath this hope in Him puriileth himself, even as he is pure.1 (L John iii. 2.) . The world, the devil, and the flesh give you; conflict. ^ The Father, the Son, end the Holy. Ghost give you triumph. [The Ekd.]- ' . I 