ROMAN CHURCH. BY PEUTETBE. oitched battle in England same as •Tjhera a„d everywhere else-Lucifer's -The gaol-bird bishops who used j, lffi(u " and Breviary—Parliament votes To Holv Sacrifice a nuisanoe—Erastianism J Crier-Henry Vin. and his pon- ° fical powers-Oranmer surrenders all to erfsMpal powers to Henry-Gets them t-The XIX. definition a denial Of the ilic Church-Phases of unbelief— from Cranmer's movement to the " Anglo- Catholic" Oxford movement—Wherein the Church may err- The objeot of Article XIX.] TEiT Devil's Carnival in England, so • caUy called the Reformation, may be ,tded as a bloody and protracted pitched He in the long ages of warfare between Cbnrch of God on earth and combined powers of evil spirits and unbelievers. This warfare began the chief of the fallen angels his first victory over the head when T father of the human race. The ontest then began which is not to end only ith the end of the world itself. In the raree of this warfare there have been, as it ere many pitched battles: times when a ore furious assault seems made in one onntry or another upon the Catholic faith, »s revealed by Christ, and upon the Catholic hurch, which alone teaches, or can teach, hat faith as divinely revealed—now in Germany, anon in Italy, then in France, after hat in England, and then in Ireland, or Portugal, or"Scotland, or Sweden, or Russia, s tlieWd, fierce, subtle leader of the hostile _osts of hell and heresy finds opportunity. In all great wars the antagonist armies are not constantly or continuously engaged in loee fighting or hand-to-hand encounter. But the two armies must meet sooner or later, and then the strife shows itself in more torrid signs and sounds amid the roar of cannon, the charge of cavalry, the flash of uskets, the falling of tall, strong men, slain, or sabred, or shot, and thousands of dead bodies strewed thickly together on the plain, telling by awful okens what a pitched battle is, whether t take place at Sedan, or Sadowa, or Waterloo. Sue thousand years of this warfare etween the Church of Christ and the conpiring hosts of disbelieving men and disobedient spirits, and especially in those years hen our Lord himself was on the earth, resent to our view what appears more like a pitched battle than the usual strategies of the campaign. Lucifer and his apostate followers, who had been expelled from heaven, may, perhaps, have won their supreme advantage 1800 years ago, when our Redeemer, in the prospect of His agony and death, exclaimed, " Kow is your hoar, and the hour of the powers o f darkness.'" Bat if ever Apol lyon gained a pitched battle besides that which he fought in Gethsemani and Golgotha, it was when he swept the most Holy Sacrifice out of England by Act of Parliament, on June 21, A.D' 1559, after having demolished the convents and abbeys, made it felony to hold communication with the Pope, cancelled five of the seven sacraments of the new Law, killed many thousands of Catholics who rose in defence of their religion, deprived all bishops who adhered to the Breviary and Miesal, and cast them into prisons, and utterly trampled out every vestige of .that public worship of God by which His presence in the world was acknowledged, and His majesty adored. From the whole kingdom, out of all its cities, colleges, towns, cathedrals, churches, and private chapels, the sacrifice of the altar WEB removed by force of impious law : every altar torn down; every "Mass-priest" silenced, or prosecuted if he spoke of Mass; and a whole people deprived of the Bread of Life by the vote of a Parliament which had made a demigod of the sovereign, and then believed that it was treason to disobey, or even disoblige him. ^ This parliamentary vote of June '-4, 1559, was backed up and enforced by the terrors of law, dungeon, rack, scaffold, and deprivation of all property. In Edward's »ign, Cranmer, with no objection on the young king's part, sent officers and apprehesded the Princess Maiy's chaplains, and carried them off out of her house to gaol, for saying Mass in her private chapel, although she was heir apparent to the Crown; and this insult to her was repeated several times. Cranmer, in truth, had settled down into ERASTIAN PRINCIPLES. He had read the book of Erastus, as, doubtless, Henry VIII. had done, and imbibed the opinions of the author. Erastus was a Swiss physician, an excellent Greek scholar, and a of discursive mind. He published his book in the close of the 15th century, and it was much read in England about A.D. 1500. The doctrine of Erastus was that which so soon after Constantine the Great (A..D. 330) became the favourite policy of the Eastern Emperors at Constantinople, long afterwards adopted by the Russian Czars, the German Emperors of the Middle Ages, by the Elector of aigl^d^Fr^HeMy 8^^!. to the tuns, and, mppe«r leu, by Iringp ia Christian countries, with many noble ex- ceptions. The doctrine of Erastus was that the sovereign, or King, or chief magistrate «of any state is the sole source of all manner of temporal and spiritual jurisdiction within i)? 8 own realm. BUringlong iMpe reno'*" — r- mand°over theCht&ob;? Cranmer was at first Inclined to Calvins views of Church authority, and Presbyterian hierarchy was contemplated. But Cranmer seems to have very soon disovered that Calvinism was only the papacy n a black gown, and he took up with and ever relinquished the ideas of Erastus. ven in King Henry's time Cranmer reigned, and caused other bishops to resign, heir Sees into hie Majesty's hands, and hen took out commissions from the king to xercise the episcopal functions, thus acnowledging the royal supremacy in the most ample and practical form. Collier says that Cranmer and the bishops all resigned these commissions from Henry into the hands of his son, Edward, as soon as the boy king came to the throne, and took out fresh commissions from the new monarch, thus wholly renouncing all belief in the sufficiency of episcopal powers, except as derived from the head of the State. A clause was _ inserted—of course at Cranmer's suggestion—in the commissions granted by Edward YI. to his bishops, that they held their Sees and licenses so long aB they behaved themselves well; " dttm bene se gesseritit." THE ROYAL COMMISSIONS. The wording of Henry and Edward's commissions is quite a curiosity in Church government, and ran thus :—" You (Cranmer) under us, by God's authority and ours, being the most principal minister of our spiritual jurisdiction, shall," and may do so and so, &c.;, &c.;, aB specified in the document. Thus the king's "just right," as he called it, was recognised, as if he was invested by Christ's express command to direct and govern the Church, with powers aB plenary as St. Peter or any of his successors ever claimed. Henry, after 1536, Edward and Elizabeth, all acted on this principle, and there was no other episcopal ordination (that is, consecration of bishops) in England from and after the accession of Elizabeth, but only this void, secular, and lay consecration, given by royal command, and possessing only royal sanction and efficacy. Hitherto the English bishops were all appointed by the Pope as the sole depository of spiritual powers. All this wa6 quashed, and only royal nomination and royal orders sought for, used, or confirmed. Such was the system of Erastus, the Swiss M.D., and by this system THE SYSTEM OF THE CHUBCH iu all previous ages was set aside. The system maintained, upheld, and asserted by the Popes, inheriting their doctrine and teaching from the Twelve Apostles of our Lord, was reversed, and, instead of the Church teaching all the nations of the world, the nations took upon them to teach the Church. The true system may be described as the system of " Church and State." Cranmer's system, the system of Erastus, and, ages before him, the system of the Eastern Emperors reigning at Constantinople, was "State and Church." TIIUB the religion, or the religious caprices of the reigning sovereign, were to be the model, the copy, the light, the religion of the Church, and not in one nation only, but in all nations. Hence it followed that neither the sacraments of the gospel nor the worship of God could be secure for two reigns together, and what one king enjoined as an article of faith, his successor might suppress as a falsehood. Holding Erastian principles like these, and with only the king's commission in his pocket as his ecclesiastical warrant for performing ecclesiastical duties, thus reduced to mere civil acts, what definition of a Church could we expect from that conspicuous Erastian Archbishop of Canterbury but that foolish and unmeaning one which he gave in "Article XIX." of the 39. As a definition it rests on nothing. It is a truism, or a something standing on nothing. It says that the Church is a congregation of" faithful men—that is, of men holding the true faith—who have the sacraments and the pure Word of God duly administered among them. "A congregation " may, indeed, mean the whole collective body of true believers throughout the world ; but it may only mean the local congregation of any village or hamlet. In dubiis latet dolus. Where such looseness prevails in a definition, we may look for duplicity in him who defines. A "congregation" implies a great deal that is not expressed. Literally, it means a calling together of people, an assembly, a multitude called into one place of meeting. Cranmer's vague and defective Article may have been designedly vague and incomplete and lame, in order to avoid difficulties he dare not face. To what" con- apply ? He could not by any means venture to include in it, or apply it to, the great body of persons who still, in England and in other countries, believed the one Holy Catholic Church to exist. The "congregation" in communion with the Pope could not be comprehended in Cranmer's article or definition: It was not a congregation of faithful men. The Papist Church had not the pure Word of God preached in it; it had not the faith; it had erred, as he says. Who, then, constituted his " congregation," his assembly, called together? Not the " Millenarians;" not the " Anabaptists" of Germany; not the Antinormans, who said that the gospel freed as from tiie keeping of the 10, commandments, These, and " others," had not the ~ wor4 and rejected infant baptism, ignite x>bviou» from the history of the -2U-Sawinla ttittt Cranmer meant by " a ctjno£ faithful men," only the mwnof « ttumhii Jiinwelf was Ham en- _ . flin for all ;Eoglw& « ML w \ or y " ^ ~ " JernwJem, Rome, er s own " congregation" would be pure, and have the proper number of sacraments duly administered. AU others would be impure. That was all settled between him and the boy-king, Edward VI., aged 14. What makers of pure Churches ! With what sublime modesty they talk of erring Churches, while manipulating their own unerring Church, which, in a hundred years after, was to be scouted, pursued, and hunted down like a beast of prey by the purer Oliver Cromwell and the purer Independents. Cranmer concocted what he thought would be hailed as a pure Church. In 100 years afterwards, the Independents, or Congregationalists, tore down Cranmer's fine work, expelled his bishops, threw away his Book of Common Prayer, and, by force of Protestant arms and Parliamentary law, demolished the '' Church of England, "which tie boy Edward VI. and the harlot Queen Elizabeth had set up: demolished it as a scandal, an abortion, a self-contradiction, an insult to the national reason and piety, a profane mockery. Cranmer's congregation, which had pronounced the Churches of Antioch, Alexandria, Jerusalem, and Rome to be erring ChurcheB, was, in its turn, denounced by successful rebels and revolters against her own authority to be the very synagogue of Satan. And so it hasbeen with all of them. Cranmer's Erastianism was reviled by the Calvinistic generation which sprang up in the reign of Elizabeth. And this, in its turn, was spurned by the ceremonial Arminianism of James I., and this, again, by what has been described as the " Episcopal Antiquarianism" of Charles I. and his son. The canting licentiousness of the heretical Bacchanals of Cromwell's protectorate brought all religion into disgrace, and the natural recoil from it under William III., Prince of Orange, was the deistical Latitudinarianism of his reign, to be followed by the era of Hoadley and the high and dry Formalism and Fanaticism of the Georges, finally to terminate in the " Anglo- Catholic" Ritualism of Queen Victoria's time. Through all these fluctuations of Protestantism and chamelion phases of its " faith," its " faithful men" of the several sects and their offshoots, and even the subsections of the Established denomination, have never missed an opportunity to attack each other's " pure " varieties and fleeting shades of doctrinal belief, and to despise each other's peculiarities of worship. But Cranmer was too full of diabolical inspiration, when drawing up his XIX. Article, to reflect on the prodigiousness of his own absurdity in speaking about the Church " of" Antioch, and the Church " of" Jerusalem, and the Church "of" Rome, as if under the gospel dispensation there could be more than one Church. There is, and there can be, but one true British army, and this army is the Queen's army, one and indivisible —one queen, one empire, one army. Part of this army may be fighting in Afghanistan another part in Natal, another in the Basutoland; but these parts of the British army are not the armies of those countries, but the British army in them. So there is no Church "of" this place, or that place, of Ireland or of Scotland, or of England; but there is one Catholic Church in all lands, and not of any land. Go ye into all nations. The house of prayer for all nations. The one family of faith, in which all are conjoined by Catholic brotherhood and baptismal affinity. To speak of the Church "of" any place is to deny the one true Catholic Church, for it is not of any, but calls all, with one and the same calling, into one assembly, which is the reversal of the curse of Babel, which divided the human family, and imposed nationalities, and actuates kings when they assume sway over the Catholic Church, and, instead of hearing her, would compel her to hear them, putting State and Church for Church and State. That individual members of the Catholic Church should err in faith or morals is a proposition no one has ever denied, whole nation might even apostatize, the wisdom, power, and veracity of God are pledged to save the Church, as a body, from failing or falling into error. If Cranmer had said that individuals, or even whole nations, may err from the faith, no one would deny his Article so far. But he goes on to say that the Church of Rome (not meaning the diocese of the Pope as Bishop of Rome) has erred, he asserts an impossible falsehood. For all towns, cities, regions, and nations which ever received the Catholic faith were, seriatim, united to Rome m that one faith, and became bone of her bone, and flesh of her flesh. In Cranmer s time, as in outs, the Roman Church simply meant the Catholic Church. They were identical, and co-extensive. And Cranmer's Article XIX. was inserted as a denial of the fact of there being any such thing as a Catholic Church; and the modern Protestant theory that all the broken offseots, however widely they differ, or however flatly they may contradict each other, taken together, make up that consentaneous and vitally connected body called the Catholic Church, as if all lies or contradictions madeup one truth. When Cranmer'sArticle XXX., "of the Church," affirms that Jerusalem, Antioch, Alexandria and Rome have all erred in faith, moralB, and jworsHpv he virtually releases all nations from the obligation of believing tie revelation of God.; H the Church "erred" once in teaching the faith, she may err again, and. no one bound to believe a detected and. omwwted liar Or, again, no one would contradict Cnmmer'f statement if be had said timt .the Church may err— that is, be mistaken, or ignorant in jafepenp^.,to n^tifi* facts, or points ofpolitical economy. J rhe Catholic Chuwh never received any commission to teaioh science, «tamomy, jujtoiy, or any cosmicaltheory. „ She was seat of salvation, and nothing else. Tn ooing thu she has the promise of uncrringncsB. She can't teach what is false in preaching the way of salvation ; she knows, with a knowledge that can never be mistaken, all the doctrines she is authorised to teach. God revealed all necessary truth to His Church. Then He promised that the Holy Ghost should come and abide in her, to guide her in the teaching of that truth, aud so for ever preserve her from mistaking, going wrong, or erring in regard to His truth. Consequently it comes to pass tlmt the Church could no more err in preaching the gospel than Christ himself could IT, for He said to His apostles— He that heareth you, heareth me." The apostles spoke for Christ as His plenipotentiaries. They required a knowledge which couldn't mistake, or be confused,or stammer, or stumble into misconception about her message. God himself taught her what to say, and she is in no manner of doubt, and under no shadow of misapprehension, about what He said to her. In other words, the Church of God, under the visible headship of His Vicar on earth, and by virtue of God's power, promise, and presence in her, and with her, and for the salvation of the human race, has appointed and ordained infallible means of spreading the knowledge of that salvation, and preserving that knowledge until all the nations of the earth have heard it. God never sent any prophet who did not infallibly know what he was sent to say. In Article XIX., Cranmer first, and Parker afterwards, by and with asBent and consent of the Anglican Protestant Convocation, or yearly Synod, of the Anglican sect, in 1552 and 1562, denied, and the whole sect ever since deny, that there is any Catholic Church one and indivisible, but only a collection of erring " Churches," all contradicting each other, or mutually condemning each other's doctrine or mode of worship, and that 150 discordant, separated, and irreconcilable " Churches" tied in a bunch do alone constitute the Catholic Church, which is the same everywhere and throughout all times, one in doctrine, one in discipline, one in worship, one in essence, as in external shape and form. Tet, with an inconsistency the mostamazingandself- stultifying, this same Anglican Archbishop Cranmer, of 1552, and this same Archbishop Parker, of 1562, with all the Anglican bishops in annual Synod assembled, under the pontificate of Queen Elizabeth, did discuss and vote unanimously for ARTICLE VIII. (OP THE TIIBEE CBEEDS.) "The three Creeds—Nicene Creed, Athanasius's Creed, and the creed" [mark!] ' commonly called the Apostles' Creed, ought, thoroughly to be received and believed," [Why so ? Observe the reason.] "because they may be proved by moBt certain warrant of Holy Scripture." Ill . . . . This article stood as No. VII. in Cranmer's draft, but Parker inserted a new one, " Of the iloly Ghost,"- after Cranmer's No. IV., and thus made "of the three crecds" No. VIII. But the ^Ecumenical Council of Nicca, A.D. 325, didn't prove the creed then drawn up by Holy Scripture, but by the living, audible voice of the bishops then and there present bearing testimony to the universal faith of the universal Church. Cranmer would slyly shift the basis of our belief in the Nice a creed from the authority of the Church to the text of Holy Scripture, because the perjured apostate onec knew that the basis of our belief as Christians is not the letter of Holy Scripture, but the Infallibility of the Church of God. This infallibility was now Cranmer's detestation, but he dare not formally and publicly deny the Nicene Creed just at that time, as all Catholic Europe would have shouted out their indignation at the daring heretic. But he shifts the proof of the creed's propositions from the sure ground of the Church's infallibility to the sandy foundation of the written word, which every crackbrained sectarian could dispute or explain away. The denial of the Church's Infallibility was the object of Cranmer's XIX. Article, and an Article of the Erastian Anglican sect which Cranmer formed it remains to this day. April a, 1881. 