THE MELBOURNE AGTS ON SIR HENRY PARSES. The following article, which was published in the Age of Saturday last, has created a great seiiGa tion : — '?' ' Sir Henry Parkes made tho most of his oppor tunities at Albnry. ' But then he always does im prove tho shining hour. It has boon his lending principle throughout life. If. was by making the most of his opportunities that he elevated himself from tho position of a dealer in toys to that of tho Premier of New South' Wales, and a Knight Commander of St Michael and St. George. His political enemies have sometimes said that in the wn.v Vm makes use of his obnortunities Sir Henry is just a little unscrupulous. This calumny was asserted of the honourable gentleman at the time he conducted the Empire newspaper, upon the occasions1 when ho figured in the Sydney Insol vency Cour'tj when ho hanged tho wretched maniac O'lTarrell,: when ho traded upon the re ligious animosities which periodically disgraco New South Wales, when he enacted a treason felony bill which made it a penal offeneo not to drink the Queen's health with three times three, when he believed or professed to believe in tho Kiama ghost, when he pardoned the bushranger Q-ardiner in defiance of all respectable public opinion, and when he destroyed the old records of the colony in order that Society in New South Wales miffht never be made fco blush for its ances tors. But then the persons who charge Sir Henry Parkes with being unscrupulous are his political enemies, and everybody knows that the criticism of one's enemies is apt to bo a little unjust. ' ??'??? Wo have always paid a willing testimony to the energy and ability of Sir Henry Parkes, and we have done this not only when he was at the hoad of a powerful political party which enjoyed all tho emoluments and honours of office, but even when he was at tho very nadir of his political fortunes, when his pecuniary position was at the worst, and when he was actftig in this colony as the agent of an adventurer who was seeking to obtain a subsidy for a lino of steamers between Australia and San Francisco. But wo havo never shut our eyes to the thoroughly selfish character of the Parkes policy. His great object is to aggrandise the trade oC the city which he repre sents, and to manufacture political capital out of the silly jealousy which exists throughout Now South Wales at the progress and prosperity of Victoria. The real reason why the railway to wards Albury and Moama has boon constructed bo slowly is not, as was stated by Mr. Lackey, the mountain ranges which separate Port Jackson from the fertilo plains of the south and west, but: jealousy of Melbourne. Sir Henry Parkes stated at Albury that ' he waa bo confident, in tho loyalty of the people that ho believed they would rather send 400 miles to trade with Sydney than go only 200 miles to Melbourne.' If ho felt this confidence, why these delays in extending tho southern railway from Goullmrn to Albury ; and now that tho lines avo completed, why does he insist on differential rates on traffic going to Sydney, and that going to Melbourne. The fact is-that Sir Henry Parkos is determined, per fax aut per nefas, to force the inhabitants of Riverina to transact their business with Sydney ; and although professing to ve\y upon what ho terms their loyalty, ho takes remarkably good caro to ' bring their selfish interests into play at the same time. If there were no artificial boundary, if the Murray did not bristle with custom houses, tho trade of Deniliquin and Albury would belong as naturally to Melbourne as does that of Sandhurst and Benalla. The Murrumbidgeo is the natural frontier of tho two colonies, and it is not until Qundagai and Wagga are reached that the mer chants of Melbourne and Sydney meet, so far as geography is concerned, upon equal terms. Tho commerce of the country between tho Murrum bidgeo and tho Murray belongs as much to Mel bourne as does that of Bathurst or Goulburn to Sydney. But Sir Henry Parkes, by tho adoption of two soparate lines of action, is careful to pre vent the natural development of commercial in tercourse between Rivorina and Melbourne In the first place he attracts trade to Sydney by ox ceptionally low rates of carriage upon the Govern rnent linos of railway. In tho second, ho prevents trade from going to Melbourne by instituting all sorts of vexatious custom-houses on tho border. We have pointed out over and ovor again that the real obstacle to intercolonial freo- trado is Sir Henry Parkes and not Mr. Berry, and that any negotiations initiated by Victorian delegates will always pvovo just as abortivo as tho well meant efforts of our representatives at tho rccont Intercolonial Conforonco at Sydney. Nothing can excuse tho bad form of whioh Sir Floury Pnrkes wns guilty nt Albury when he lectured Mr. Berry and Mr. Patterson upon tho fiscal policy of Victoria. They were hin gnesta and ho wan bound to trout them with at lo.'ist civility. Nothing was s:iid by either of Iho Victorian Ministers which could oxcuae tho very flugrant violation of good taste by the New South Walea Premier- Tho duty of speakers on fiiativo occa sions is vary clear. 'They must avoid all contro versial topics, and if I hoy cannot trust themselves to avoid giving offence to their h«arnrn they should any nothing. Thorn was nothing; in the remarks of Mr. Pattovann to provoke tho state ment about the extent and importance of the Sydney nianufnetoriw. Wo havo hoard of them in tho columns of the Conservative press, but wo havo nover boon able to find any other independent proof of their existence. At the Molbourno Exhibition those enterprising manufacturers aro conspicuous by their absenco, and tho Now South Wales court is principally romarkablo for its very fine display of raw produce. And a banquet at Albury to celebrate Now South Wales having con trived to complete what Victoria finished many yearo ago, namely, its railway system aa far as its boundaries, was not the occasion for Sir Henry Parkoa to disregard Mr. Anthony Trollopo's advice, and to ' blow ' about the extent of manu factures in Sydney, or to crow ovor Victoria. The people of thin country aro very rmieh obliged to Sir Henry Parkes for his expressions of sympathy, and would feel oven more grateful if it were thought that it could by any possibility bo sincere, but they aro qnito content with their present position, and quite as sanguino about their future prospects as any New South Welsh man can bo. Tho best answer to the jeremiad of tho Conservative press is tho fact that tho balance of the inscribed stock, whioh bears only 4 por cent, interest, has boon recently taken up at par, although for years, under the rulo of Sir James M'Culloch and other Conservative Premiers, it was not; disposable oven at a large discount. Nor did tho prieo which a Conservative member of Parliament;, Mi-. GK D. Carter, on behalf of the National Mutual Life Association, paid for the allotment at the corner of Collins and Queen streets, almost at tho verv moment that Sir Honrv ? Parkeo was speaking, bear out the cries of the Conservative Cussandras. It is a very grave question whether the financial position of Victoria is not in reality far Bounder than- that of New South Wales, where tho Government 'has' learned to rely for its revenue almost exclusively upon the alienation of Crown lands, without any attempt at obtaining settlement, and where tho popula tion is so ignorantly impatient of taxation that any attempt to impose rates for local improve ments, or direct taxes upon- land and property, would bo fatal to any Ministry that introduced them. New South Wales can boast of an exten sive territory, fertile land, and unrivalled mineral wealth, but in matters of Government and ad ministration Victoria is more than able to hold her own with the older colony. 