jWWS OF THE DAY. The bulletin coneerning President GnrfiehVa health is of a more reassuring nature, as he is now able again to take nourishment. The New York nres3 ridicules the Chicago conven- tion of Feuinn couspirators, and desoriljes their dynamite programme as unworthy serious consideration. At the name time very worthless people may inflict serious damage, as may be seen by ftnothertelcgramdescribingnnattemptcd out rage at the Birmingham railway station, fortu nately frustrated by a fortuitous discovery. A package, described as containing boots, was found ,on examination to conceal a large quantity of gunpowder, evidently intended for some secret crime. An eviction riot lias taken place tat Rathkeale, near Limerick, in which several people were injured. Tlie Government lias released a man named Haunigan, secretary to a small branch of the Land League, who has been confined for several mouths in Kilmainham gaol. Mr. Herbert Gladstone, recently appointed a junior lord of the Treasury, has been re-elected at Leeds. The Stumlant, in discussing the VicLorian Reform Bill, congratulates - the colony on the settlement of a vexed question, aud anticipates a renewal of progress and prosperity. The Swiss Go vernment has expelled from its territory oho of the prominent Nihilist lenders. In the House of Commons Mr. Gladstone has stated that the Government could give no promise of bringing forward next session any measure to amend the land system in England. The frozen meat despatched by the Cuzco has arrived at Suez in excellent condition. Tiio rains have imperilled the prospects of the pre sent harvest. The new series of wool soles has opened with a good demand, but at re duced prices, - The Minister of Railways yesterday finished his tour in the north-western district. He proceeded from Maryborough to Amherst and Talbot, and at each place received nume rous deputations, urging additional railway and water supply accommodation and other local requirements. Avoca was sub sequently visited, anil there another batch of deputations wafted on the Minister. The two prominent bubjccts brought under his notice were the construction of a w.eir across the Avoca river, for water supply purposes, and a line of railway from Avoca to Ararat. Mr. Beat was most liberal in his promises all round, and with regard to the rail way stated that he would in a few. weeks in spect the route of the proposed Hue to Ararat, and if lie approved uf it recommend its inclu sion in the next railway bill. The party re turned to .Melbourne by special train last even ing, arriving at Spc-iieoi -street station a few minutes before nine o'clock. Several deputations waited upon the Com missioner of Public Works yesterday. Mr. Young declined to comply with a request from residents in the shire of Traralgon for a vote of £fi00 towards the erection of a bridge over the Latrobe river, at a place known as the Bluff, until the Rosedaie shire council, which was interested iu the proposition, had been applied to for assistance in the work. He like wise refused to consent to a subdivision' of the shire of Buln Buln, by the separation of tlie north-west and. south-west from the north-east and south-east ridings, until the representatives of both sections ' were afforded . an opportunity of stating their arguments for aud against the proposal. He appointed the 7th prox. as the day upon which he would he prepared to hear tliem and dis pose of the application. In reply to another deputation he promised to place a sum of iifiOOO on the estimates, to assist tlie shires of Meredith, Corio, Bnmiocklmrn, Barrabool, South Barwon, Handenong, Bacchus Marsh, Mornington, Wyndham, ami the boroughs of Walhalla anil Newtown and Cliilwell in the reconstruction of liridues and oilier works damaged by floods, lie declined to accede to a request for the separation of a small portion of tiio shire of Buninyong and its annexation to the shire of Meredith, because sucli an alteration would interfero with the interests of the debenture holders who lind advanced a loan to the first-named municipality upon tiio security of all tiio rates. He promised to place a sum of .(MOO on the estimates to assist the Handenong shire in re pairing tlie Dandenong-road, on condition that a similar amount was c-xpendcil by. that body, ami to give them £"200 out of tlie £5000 pre. viouslv mentioned, for re construction of works damaged bv the floods. Tlie shire of Oalcleigli w.as- promised .£'200 for repairs to roads oil condition tiiat .£000 was expended out of the mnniuip.il funds. Mr. Grant promised Stuto schools for Bast Benalla, Yore- street, Colling- wood, Emerald-hill and Eitzroy- street, St, Kilda, when funds were available for their erection. Tlie Police Commission sat for about an hour yesterday forenoon but no evidence was taken" Tlie course of procedure was discussed and it was agreed that as the evidence in r.'ou- | nection with the pursuit and capture of the j Kelly gang had been exhausted, so far as tho ; commission was concerned, the principal | officers, Messrs. Nicolson, Hare and Sadleir, | should he permitted to make any statements 1 in reply which they might think fit to o'fer, j the commission reserving tlie right to recall any | of the witnesses or summon others should ad ditional testimony he required. In order that the gentlemen named might have an oppor tunity of considering the evidence which had been "but recently printed, it was decided that the next sitting should not be until Tuesday, on which day the superintendents will enter upon tlicir respective defences. When the in quiry into tho Kelly business 1ms been con cluded a progress report will be prepared, and the commission will then proceed with the consideration of a scheme to be recommended for the fnture administration of tho depart ment. The Bishop of Melbourne delivered the fourth of his series of lectures on tlie Gospel aud City Life of Corinth at St. Paul's Ca thedral yesterday afternoon. He dwelt specially on tho remarkable spiritual gifts which betokened in the apostolic age the pres ence and power of the Holy Ghost, and in the .abuse by. tho Corinthians of thoso gifts. Ho maintained that the capacity of the soul for ecstatic communion with the unseen world may be illustrated from many quarters, aud was recognised even by heathen philosophers. Adducing tiio experiences recorded in the his tory of tho Wesleynn and oilier revivals, lie held that, whatever of the merely physical mav attend and obscure "such manifestations, one thing was certain, to the consciousness of those who liml been subjected thereto the' did open a new heaven of truth aud joy aud divine love, which irradiated life with an undying glory. Who, lie asked, studying the ' life and character of St. Paul, could doubt for a moment that the spirit which inspired it i was diviuo,'and that the direct ecstatic coin- I inunion with the Saviour of which lie' . spolto was real and potent.- But we do | not bclievo in tho Gospel to-day because , of thoso wonderful outward phenomena — tho I prophesying, the visions and tho gift of tongues ; — hut ill spite of tliem. They are difficulties, not witnesses to faith, and we ask where is the life that lies behind tliem— the power to turn lust into purity, impudence into piety and selfishness into love, to bind brother to brother, men to angels, earth to heaven, olid all " with golden chains about tho feet of God." An influential anil well-attended meeting, presided over hy the Mayor of Melbourne, took place yesterday at the Town Hall, to de termine what steps should be taken to pay a fit ting mark of respect to Mr. "VV..T. Clarke prior to liis leaving the colony for a trip to England. At first it was suggested that a banquet nhoulj. be given to the gentleman named in the Exlii-. bitiou- buildiug, hilt afteft some refloctiou it was seen that that structure would be too large and too cold for the purpose. It was de-4 termined, after some discussion, to bold a ! banquet on a grand scale in 'the Town Ilall. It was generally agreed tbat tho | tickets should' he said at 30s. each, so that : a banquet of a lirst-class character might bo | prepared. It was arrauged that ladies should I be provided with seats in the gallery and sup plied with refreshments,.; An influential com-- ? mittee of gentlemen was appointed to carry out' tho general arrangements and to.wait on Mr. \V. J. Clarke and formally invito him to par take of the hospitality of the citizens of Mel bourne, nnd request him to name a day when it will'ho' convenient for himtobecomo their guest. It is understood that this banquet forms no part of .the entertainment and leave- taking to be tendered to Sir. W. J. Cinrko by the Exhibition commissioners and the coursing clubs,. , Another change hns taken place with regard to the steamship Ferret, she having yesterday been arrested at tho suit of some six of the crew, for payment, of tho wages due to them on ac count of their trip from England. It is under stood that Messrs. Woolley and Co., the agents for the Highland Railway Com pany, had offered them a small sum each, to cover wagc3 up to tho time of the arrival of tho vessel at this port. The men have, however, been advised that tliev are en titled to payment of their wages until tho tirao of obtaining their discharge, and also to com pensation for breach of articles, and for tho expenses incidental to the re-turn voyage to England. This Messrs. Woolley have de clined to grant, and the present action has been instituted to tiv the question. Mr. Rede, tho marshal of the Admiralty Court, made tiio arrest, aud was accompanied by Mr. Ellis, the under-sheriff, and Mr. Davies, repre sentative of Air. G. Tj. Skinner, the proctor for the promoters. The form of tho arrest was rather amusing. The sheriff, having nailed to the mast, a parchment document purporting to 1)0 a warrant, called upon the ship to say whatever it aonid in defence. No answer being given, two men were placed in possession. Alessis. Bennett, Attenboraugh and AVilks have been instructed by Messrs. Woolley to defend the action, on the ground that tho men suing are co- criminals with Henderson and the other two convicted conspirators. Owing to the construction of tlie new lines of railways rendering it necessary to procure additional rolling stock, iu view- of their com pletion, tenders have been invited to-day for the supply of 200 trucks and 20 composite carriages, which will be used on the new linos. It is .probable that tenders will be called for -for the construction of engines required by the extension of the railway system. A testimonial will ho presented to Mr. J. C. Ncwbery to-day, at Scott's Hotel, in recog nition of the valnuble services rendered by him as superintendent of juries at the Exhibition. The Minister of Agriculture has given authority for the purchase of twenty cows, which are to be sent to Dookie farm and treated for the production of lympli for vacci nation purposes, together with thoso animals at prcscnt at that cstablishyieut. The Alarquis De Goyzueta, consul for Italy, bas'beon requested by the Chief Secretary to givo any information which he niny possess with reference to tlie proposed exhibition of wine-makiug appliances at Comelliano in No vember, in order that those interested may learn the date on which entries are to be made, and the class and character of the exhibits which will be received. A reply is expected from the consul to-day. A meeting of the Steam Navigation Board will be held to-morrow at half-past ten, to in quire into tlie circumstances attending the loss of the schooner Afiruuda, at Apollo Bay. Communication with Manilla hns been re stored. The equity suit of Heffernon v. Watson oc cupied tlie attention of the Chief Justice during the whole yesterday, and was again adjourned. Air. .Helfernon is at present tlie landlord of the Shamrock Hotel, Sandhurst, and lie claims to redeem a.uiortgage on the hotel, St. James's Hall, and a farm at Cam- paspe, which he had previously given to the defendant iu consideration of cash advances. 'Tile plaintiff's case is that the defendant ad vanced liim £2, '.000 to buy out a partner in his hotel, and also to pay off certain over drafts at the hank. The defendant alleges that lie bought the property for tlie aruouut named, and obtained the deeds thereof. Wit nesses were called yesterday as to the present value of the property, and the plaintiff himself wiis also colled, "but his evidence was not con cluded when the court ro;e. The evidence in thelcase of Smith v. God frey, before Air, Justice Holroyd, was con- eluded yesterday, and his Honor reserved Iris decision. . In the Insolvency Court yesterday, before .1 mlge Noel, an application was made by the assignee in the estate of Harriet E.S. Willison, uf Hothnrn, to compel the trustee to pay £13 3s. costs due- to the assignee. His Honor made tlie order as applied for, together with £5 Cs. costs. Air. Gillott appeared at the Carlton court yesterday to prosccut.' a number of bakers and grocers for selliug bread otherwise than by weight. The following bakers were fined as under : — W. Cattrau, 4i oz. short, 30s. and lCs. costs ; J. Bogle, 2 oz., Hutchens, 1 oz., 20s. aud las. costs each ; E. Charlton, i oz., W. O'Meara, 10 dr ,'10s. and 15s. costs each. T. R. AITlwaine, L. Angus, J. A. Sullivan and AI. Shaw, grocers, were each fined 10s., with 15s. costs. At the WiUiamstown police court, yester day, an old colonist named James Eraser, helpless and infirm, was brought up as a vagrant, having been found half-dead with cold and exposure in a coal truck on tlie pier at WiUiamstown. llo had bean in the Bene volent Asylum, but would not stay. 'The bunch, in consideration of liis age, deserted pod t! on and infirmity, sentenced him to twelve months' imprisonment. The body of a newly- born male child was found hy a fisherman named Rage yesterday nfternoon hidden under a large stone near the WiUiamstown railway pier. The body was quite naked, and has apparently been lying in the same place for a week or more. From the presence of two holes in the head it seems probable that violence had been used. There is no clothing or other means of identification as yet discovered. It is reported that a man named George Gregory, of WiUiamstown, age'rl 2ii, and a boy, Allan -Morgan, have been missing for threb weeks. They left Alordialloc on the 3rd inst. iu the boat Ida for Mud Island, and have nut beeu heard of since. A woman," whose name is at present un known, was admitted to the Alelbourne Hos pital yesterday in an insensible condition. Suffering from injury to tiie head, alleged to have been caused by licr husband. The sufferer was brought in by a constable. A special general meeting of the share holders of the Colonial Mutual Insurance Company was held at the office of the company, Collins-street, yesterday, for the purpose of considering the udvisability of extending the company's operation: to marine insurance. Mr. F. K. Beaver occupied the chair, and after stating the objects of the meeting, remarked that the directory, after gixiug the matter full consideration, had come to the conclusion that it would be advantageous to include marine business in tlie operations of the society. A motion affirming this proposition was carried without dissent, and it was also agreed to that the reserved shares of tho last series he issued, thus increasing the subscribed capital to £100,000, and the paid-up capital to £25,000. A fter an agreement was arrived at that these shares should be issued at such premium as tho directors might fix, a vote of tlumks was passed to the chairman ana the meeting closed. At a meeting of directors held subse quently it was decided to issue these shares nt a urc-miuui of 2s. per share, as announced in -our advertising columns, application for which must be lodged before 1st .September. At a meeting of several ratepayers of Fitz- roy, held last evening nt the Lord Nctvry Hotel, Brunswick-street, an association was formed with the title of the Fitzroy Registra tion and Arnnicipal Reform Association. A platform was adopted which set forth tlie ob jects of the society ns being to procure the re gistration of the names of all citizens which are entitled to appear on tho ratepayers' t oll, to iirgo any reforms in tho procedure of the' city council which might be deemed neces sary, to diffuse municipal information by public meetings, lectures aud other, means, and to secure the return of selected candidates nt the municipal elections. The management of tlie association was entrusted to a committee, of which Mr. H. T. 1'owcll was elected president, aud Messrs. A. At'Ivor and .T. Ward vice-pre sidents, nnd it was agreed that nny ratepayer was e'.igible for membership on the introduc tion of two members and the payment of Is. subscription, when it was levied by the "com- initteo for the purpose of paying any inci dental expenses. At a meeting of the United Evangelistic Association committee held on Thursday, the 1 Sth inst., in addition to other work carried on by tho association it was agreed to accede to. the request to take under its care the mis sion school held every Sabbath afternoon in the Alission Hall, Latrobe-street. The school is for that class who are not reached by any other agency, and every Sabbath afternoon a large number of boys aud girls are gathered together to receive religious instruction. In undertaking the charge of this work the committee felt that it would at once commend itself to tho sympathy and support of the Christian public. Also, as a practical result of the Christian conference r ecently held, a sub-committee was appointed to draw up a scheme by which a month's mis sion work in the city of Alelbourne might be -carried-out, 2The secustaiy-ftlso reported that. the -following letter had been received from the Rev. C. 11. Spurgeon, of 1-ondon, in reply to an invitation to visit these colonies "Tipper Norwood, Dth Alay, 1S31. Hear Friends,— I thank you with all my heart for your warm- hearted Invitation to Mel bourne, but at this present I have no thought of leaving homo. A voyago to Australia was, 1 believe, spoken of, but I 'never seriously thought of it. I should need a year or two to prepare for such a trip. The weekly sermon would need to be published, and therefore would need to be ready for tho printer; nnd this alone would involve an extra toil for which I have no time oh strength. Tho same is true, in a smaller degree, with the maga zine. You rightly mention tlie difficulty of tho finances for my institution. This is a very great one; indeed, it is insuperable. All things considered, yon must regard me as chained to the oar — to live and die nt my work, with sucli brief relaxations as I can find near home. Slionld, however, my health fail ine still mora seriously, it will he a great comfort to know that tliero are friends in tho Southern seas who will welcome a broken down soldier. God Mess you evermore, and reward you for your generous feeling towards ine. — Yours, very heartily, C. H. SvuRonox.' A letter was received hy the Emerald-hill council last evening from tho Harbor Trust, informing the council that as tlie land in Kcrfcrd-atrcet where tlie council contemplated i building a jetty was under tho control of tho Harbor Trust, "it would lie necessary to obtain their sanction first. Tho council decided to forward to the Trust a plan of the proposed jetty. At last night's meeting of tho Emerald-hill council a letter was rend from the Victorian Tramway Company, stating that a bill to sanction tramways had been drawn lip ou the lines laid down by the recent conference of municipal bodies held to consider the subject. A copy of tho bill was forwarded to the couu- ' oil. it was intimated that if the measure met with the approval of the local bodies imme diate steps would be taken to request the Government to bring, the bill forward in the coming session. The inconvenience arising from the closing of the gate between the University and Trinity College reserves is so generally felt by tho re sidents i Parkville and Carlton, that a peti tion is now beiug extensively signed urging that. a pathway be opened across tlie reserves, which contain no less than 110 acres. As there is no State school at Parkville, the children attending the Farnday-street State school are now compelled to travel nearly three times the distance necessary before the passage across tlie reserve was closed, and tho Park ville residents are now unable to cross to tlie business centre oF Carlton. Prior to the grants being issued to tlie bodies holding tho ground north of the University there was a public pathway with turnstiles at each end, which through neglect was not permanently reserved. A public meeting will be held at ' Jdolaeed's Iiotei, Parkville, to-morrow night, to take such steps as are necessary. A meeting of the Fitzroy and Collingwood branch of tlie Victorian Natives' Democratic Association was held at the National Hotel, Brunswick-street, Fitzroy, on Monday evening last. The principal business was the election of delegates to represent the branch at a con ference0 which is to be held about the end of the present month, to consider a programme for tho future 'and other -matters generally affecting the association. Messrs. Spry and Fawcett were elected to represent the Fitzroy members of the branch, and Messrs. Connell, Field and Joyce to act on behalf of the Col lingwood members, A company is in course of formation at Richmond the object of which is to purchase land in various parts of the town and to erect thereon buildings for business or residential purposes, according to the requirements of the localities selected. ; The traffic returns for the Victorian rail ways for the week ending ISth August are as follows : — Total for the week, £25,406 3s. 5d.; aggregate to date from 1st July, £1SC,2S4 7s. 9d.; weekly average for seven weeks, £26,612 Is. Id. Number of passengers, 223,131. Miles open, 1215. The corresponding returns for last year were : — Total for the week, £23,464 10a. 2d.; aggregate to date from 1st July, £171,095 6s. Id.; weekly average for seven weeks, £24,442 3s. 9d. Miles open, 1199. The annual poultry show will be opened in the Town Hall to-day. The Essemlnn and Piemington Institute Debating Society -meet/this oveiiiiur. '" '" ' 7 . TUo -annual dinner of tho Builders and Contractors' Association will bo bold at Clements'! Hotel tills evening. Mr. \V. R. Hiddlcstone, of Brunswick, will hold special sendee in the United Methodist Church, George-street, Fitzroy, this crcuing. A s|tecin! meeting of the general committee of the Southern Russia Jewish Relief Fund will be held nt the committee room. Town Hall, at a quarter-past four. Mr. Hugh Lennon has received n telegram from Queensland, dated Townsville, 23rd, stating that i plough and harrows of his make, took first prize, a' silver medal, at the Townsville show. A notification appears in our advertising columns that £5 reward will be given to any owner of u cow which is aifectcd with cow-pox, aud from which a sup- plv of vaccine can he obtained. "We are informed that a 11 rat award for water-lifts lia been granted at the Adelaide Exhibition to .Mr. Frederick Flood, of Melbourne, for a smalt improved water- lift, exhibited by Messrs. Geo. P. Harris, Scarfs and Co., Giuvlcr-placo, Adelaide. The Coopers' Society of Melbourne and suburbs notify to employers, journeymen coopers and the public gcncrallv, tlmt they have adopted the eight hours 'the same to come into operation ou Mondav, Sth September. The monthly iiii cting of tho Melbourne Permanent Building Hoeic't-y (Mr. William M'Lean, president) was held at the offices, No. Gl Elizabeth-street, on Tncs- d;>v, theSUvd inst. Tho receipts amounted to £7499 19a. Id., and shares were issued. Tho annual meeting of the Victorian Seamen's Mission and SamiriJiru Sailors' Rest will tako place at the Bethel this evening at ebht o'clock. Tim Bishop of Melbourne and other well known clergymen have promised to be present. An amateur dramatic performance will be given this evening in tlie Victoria Theatre, Emerald-hill, iu aid of Urn library fund of the Mechanics' Institute. The pieces to be performed are Byron's sparkling comedy of Our Boys and tho laughable -farce of My -Turn Next. The usual monthly meeting of the Society for the Assistance of Persons of Education was hchl on Tues day. the 23rd dav of August instant, at the office of the lion, secretary and treasurer (Mr. It. W. Dickson). Present— Dr. Sinijleton (in tho chair), Messrs. Lloyd Tavler and thc'hmi. secretary. Eleven application for loans were dealt with, 7 were granted, 3 declined and J postponed fur further inquiry by members of thei'Oinmi.too. Tha Y.M.C. A. Rambling Club on Monday night visit ed the MetrnjioMtjm Gas Company's works at CoHihgwood. There were a number of members belonging to tho club pvciint, who, through the kindness of Mr. J. Weir, the superintendent of the works, wore much in structed end mtcres'cd by a mechanical and scientific lecture ou the different gas metera and test tubes. Mr. Weir explained the different processes which the gas underwent before it was ready for consumption. An enjoyable evening was spent. Tho Yonn:f MenVchristiau Association ninth anni versary of missions (Youths', Colosseum and Lower Hall) takes placo to-morrow evening, .at. t-oveu o'clock sharp, at the Collins-street Congregational Church, which has been kindly granted for the occasion. The first half hour will be Uuvoted to a service of sacred song, given bv the Voting Men's Christian Association choir and orchestra, conducted hy Mr. George Broad- huff. Afterwards the Revs. S. Hebditch, W. P. Weill and A. J. Clark will adcrcss the meeting. 