TRAVELS THROUGH IRELAND. [Bt Ebim go B.bagh 1 No. VX—AT A WAKE. The opportunities which are afforded Irish men of being happy and gay at either a birth or a marriage do not seem to be lessened in any way on the occasion of a death. The custom that has prevailed for ages of holding a wake over 'a deceased person, aithongh frequently preached against, does not appear to be falling off very much; bnt the pernicious habits that used to be indulged in will in all probability be fully swept away in course of time. The idea of leaving a corpse alone in a room is repugnant to the majority of Irishmen, aud so long as that feeling exists so long will wakes be held, though no doubt in an altered and improved form. It is not to be supposed that the reforms attempted have taken deep root. There are parts of Ireland where wakes are still carried on with all their original rites and ceremonfes, and where one is held in which the population is composed in part of those who speak the Irish or Celtic language, end who can. therefore detail stories of superstition with that apparent truthfulness that is their distinguishing characteristic, it iB . largely attended, - many people coming for miles aronnd to pay their respects te the deceased. The time a dead body is kept in a bouse is usually two days. If a person should die early in the morniDg he is kept in the house the same number of nights as if he died an hour before dark, and though he would therefore be about three days in a dwelling the custom is seldom altered—a fact which invariably gives general satisfaction. This habit of keeping a body two nights varies the attendance of the people; for should one person meet another who has not been at the wake the first night, and describes to him that it was a " grand" one— that is, when plenty of whisky, pipes, and tobacco are distributed—the individual who has not been present immediately expresses his sorrow gnd regret for not having attended to pay his respects to the deceased, and as if to make amends for his neglect he details the news to several others who have been as negligent as himself, and accordingly the second night of a wake the house is crowded to - excess. Should the reverse be the case, however, and the wake be known as a " mean" one—that is, when a prohibitory restriction is placed on the whisky and other commodities—the attendance on the second night not only falls off, bat the fact is published far and wide, mnch to the detriment of the persons so offending. The matter of noto riety in this respect, therefore, being far from agreeable to the friends of the deceased, dne care is taken to make the wake a success, and the amount of eatables and drinkables that are consumed must be no slight matter in the cost of a funeral. It is not unusual to see jars and bottles of .whisky and porter and a quantity of bacon and bread laid down for the "poor people" who come to pay their respects to the eceased, and the inducement that is given to indulge in tobacco and snuff must certainly make some young fellows try what a first pipe is like. Then, in order that plenty of accommo dation may be afforded to those who oome to have a look at the corpse, the body is placed in the largest room in the house, and the flattering remarks that are made relative to the deceased's virtues when living make him appear as a saint in the eyes of many. I do not wish to be irre verent in any remarks I may make, or to attempt in Buy way to carrioature' the human form divine; but when one hears about a score of the most inveterate wake-goers declare that the corpse they are watching—whether it be old or young—is " the purtiest one they have ever seen," it makes a person wish that this particular stjle of funereal etiquette was not so formal. However, it does not take long to get into the way of acting " properly" at a wake, and I have never yet beard any one say the lesson was a hard one to be learnt. As I have said before, when a person dies it very soon becomes known for miles around. The first intimation of the fact is usually observed by the attaching to the door-knocker a piece of crape tied with a white bow, and the patting up of shatters by several shopkeepers; and when once that is noticed the question that seems to be the principal one for the day is " Are you going to the wake to-night ?" It was therefore on being asked a similar question on the death of a very old inhabitant of an inland town in Ireland that I made up my mind to attend his wake, as I had known him for some years. At about 7 o'clock—it was winter time, and consequently darknees set iu very soon—in company with a few others I entered the "burial-house," as it is called, and being one of the last of those who accompanied me I had ample time to study the various peculiar phrases used. One individual, who had a slight knowledge of Latin, and who no doubt was well aware oi the potent charm such language has for a certain portion of the Irish peasantry, bb soon as he entered the house delivered a string of quotations in the aforesaid, tongne with such effect that nearly all present thought it was a prayer for the deceased, for when he concluded a loud "Amen" was heartily and devoutly uttered. Every room in the house was crowded. The body was laid out in the centre of the largest room, and on one side of the bed was a small table with a certain number of candles burning on it, together with a plate full of snuff; while on the breast of the corpse a dish of salt was laid—a custom which has prevailed for ages more from habit than anything else, as the salt is supposed to be an infallible remedy against the evil spirits that are said to be hovering round the corpse. The immediate vicinity of the dead body, however, is generally a quiet place. People as a rule do not like to do anything else but sit still and tell story after story, and therefore, a large number congregate in another room, and there carry on all kinds of " innocent" amusements to pass the time awsy. On persons entering the bouse it was usual for them to go and sit beside the corpse, but as the room where it was laid out was full of the deceased's friends many did not long remain in it. There was another apart ment, however, where they were not so much under restraint, and where any amount of eat ing and drinking was goiDg on. I had followed ' the custom of sitting a short while in the room with the corpse, and was just entering the apartment where the "fun" was going on, when I noticed an old man, a horse-dealer, following me, and as soon as he entered the door, after going through the usual formalities, said—"I have come to pay my respects to one of the ould aristocracy," and then reverently raising his hat from his head, " may the heavens be his bed. I'll neither drink nor smoke out of respect to him." There were one or two present, however, who knew the horse dealer's weakness; for despite bis announce ment of becoming temperate out of respect to the deceased he did not hesitate to dispose of a few glasses of whisky, and then, he commenced such a laudatory history of the deceased's life that only ended when the liqnor folly operated. The parties present did not hesitate either to play with the horse- dealer. There were pipes, tobacco, and snuff laid about for every one's accommodation, and as the poor old fellow, over come with emotion at the loss of one oF the old aristocracy, dozed in his seat, the bowl of a pipe was filled with snuff, and being placed under bis nose was blown op his nostrils. The horse-dealer was now thoroughly aroused, and he laid his stick around bimwith such force that in a few momenta there was not a person in the room. As the guilty [parties managed to get away in time from receiving any injury, it was those who knew nothing about it that felt the fall force of the horse-dealer's wrath, and it took a little time to satisfactorily settle matters, for those who received the blows being made aware of the trick that was played felt annoyed at being taken for the perpetrators of it, and for some time a regular squabble took place. But as one individual volunteered to sing a song, and as the singer commenced to clear his throat of some imaginary substance, this fact suggested the handing round of more punch, and before the. song was finished—it consisted of about twenty verses drawled out in the most orthodox wake fasnion—amicability was fally restored, more songs were sung, jokes uttered, tricks plajed, and mere punch consumed. Now, at every wake^there is some particular individual who seems to ho the life of the party, and who, despite many obstacles at the first start, manages to keep the people in roars of laughter all night. If remonstrated with his usual argu ment is "that if the dacentman now lying down were on his feet again there would be no one who would enjoy himself so well." The hoieterooB state of affairs no doubt seenu quite oat of place, bat'should any friend of the deceased enter the room silence reigns supreme, until one, who is an adept at the business, ex presses his and every one else's sorrow and sympathy for what has taken place in that peculiar manner that only Irishmen can do, and when once the ^deceased's merits are entered upon several others bear similar testimony, and if the dead person's friend is susceptible to flattery he orders in more punch, and then healths all ronnd are drunk, .winding up with an eulogy on the family in general. At the wake I am alluding lo there was one person present who appeared tj be the principal fun maker. He was known by the name of " Sheelah" Tormey, having got this title on account of being an unmarried man, and doing all the household work himself," Sheelah" being the Irish word for a woman who is a house keeper. No one could joke like Sheelah, and no one's jokes seemed to go down so well, for despite his sobriquet he was well liked by his fellow-townsmen. He told yarns by the score of wakes he had attended, funerals he had witnessed, ghosts he had seen, and fairies he had met; and he done all so well that, although there were many who wished to go home early in the morning, the dread of the ghost stories haunted their minds,, and compelled them to wait until daylight. Matters were getting rather dull, and now and then a snore oould be heard from various parts of the room, when Sheelah opened a cupboard, and taking out some greaBe rubbed it with a little soot well in his hands, and then proceeded to adorn the counte nances of the sleepers in such; a fantastical fashion that they were the laughing-stock of the others present. To make matters worse, the next day was Sunday, and when the embellished ones were going home, all unconscious of their ccndltion, they were met by the people return ing from early mass, and so many remarks were passed on them that they were in.anything but amiable humour before they reached their respective residences. They never thought of looking at each other's faces, and when they discovered their plight they vowed vengeance on the author of the mischief. How ever, despite what happened to them they attended the wake the next night, and having managed to overcome Sheelah by making him imbibe a little more liquor than was good for him, they treated him in a similar manner to what he had done to them. It was not long after this wake when one was held over poor Sheelah, for having attended at the death of a friend where " the whisky was as plentiful as water," he drank to? much, and on reaching home fell over the stairs; for having been missed for some days, his house was broken into, and there he was found quite dead. Poor fellow, he had many faults, but the wit and humour with which he was endowed made him a general favourite, and to say that he was universally lamented by his fellow wake goers would be only paying a slight tribute to his memory. While people were enjoying themselves to full advantage, and the ghost stories were detailed ad libitum, an old woman who was sitting in the room with the corpse came into the apartment where those inclined to be happy were, exclaiming, "May the holy angels have mercy on us. Did yez not hear the banshee ?" It could easily be seen that this question put several minds ill at ease, for the opinion pre vails among a great many in Ireland that when any person dies, or immediately preceding the death, what is known as the banshee comes and sits adjacent to the house, and cries in a most peculiar and plaintive manner. The fun was temporarily suspended, and though every one listened attentively nothing unusual was heard. Still, that the belief is a widespread one there is not a shadow of a doubt, and the old woman at tbe wake I am alluding to declaring she heard the banshee caused herself to be regarded with a feeling of awe. There are some families in Ireland whom tbe banshee is supposed to follow, and they being of loDg standing in the country furthers the belief that it is only them who are thus honoured. This fact made the horse-dealer, on being told that the banshee was heard, loud in declaring that his deceased friend was " one of the ould aristocracyand then stories were told about banshees in general and ghosts in par ticular, which made the time fly' so quick that every one was surprised when they observed the grey dawn stealing in through the windows. The majority present then went home, much pleased that it was daylight; and though several afterwards secretly told me that they had heard tbe banshee at the time the old woman came into the room, I held a different opinion, as I knew the neigbUoi hood to be in vested with cats of every description, any one of which could wail and cry in a manner similar to the mythical banshee. 