Lord Brackenbury : A NOVEL. B'? AMELIA B. EDWARDS, Author of ' Barbara's History,' ' Debenham's Vow,' &c.; [Tbe right of publication in Australasia has been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Mail .] Chapter XXIII.— Mrs. Pennefeather's Troubles. ' Come in,' said a slightly peevish voice. ' Oh, dear me ! why do you knock ? Why don't you come in ? ' ' Because I did not like to disturb you,' replied Winifred, peeping in. It was a shabby little room, half dining-room, half schoolroom, with a much battered Davenport in one of the windows, at which sat a lady, writing. This lady looked ioulu, pui iier pen uown quicKiy, jumpeu up, ana welcomed her guest with exclamations and kisses. ' Oh, my dear ! ' she said, ' this is lovely of you ! Disturb me, indeed ! You 'have a genius for coming exactly when one most wants you.' ' I am glad I came, 'if you wanted me,' said Winifred. ' What is the matter ? ' ' The matter ? Oh, anything — everything. I am so worried ! — The children ? Oh yes, the children are all right. I've sent them to hunt up blackberries for a black berry pudding. Blackberries are over, of course — but they don't know that, and it keeps them out of the way.' ' And Mr. Pennefeather ? ' 'In the growlery, my dear, writing his sermons for Sunday. The Caldicotts are off again, as I dare say you have heard. _ Gone to Paris for a fortnight, which means a month ; leaving poor Derwent, as usual, to do the drudgery. She is recommended to consult some great French physician — Rubbish ! we know all about that. They'll be dining in the Palais Boyal every day, and going to operas and theatres eveiy night, and she'll come home with six new dresses and no end of chiffons, and declare she has been in bed at Meurice's all the time. Ah, I know them eo well! Caldicott drops his clerical role, and she her invalid role, the moment they cross the Channel — white ties and Anglican waistcoats, megrims and attacks of faintness, all left at Dover to be called for on the wav back.' ' You are uncharitable this morning.' 'One can't afford to be charitable, my dear, on a hundred and fifty pounds per annum,' replied Mrs. Pennefeather, airily. ' Poverty is demoralising. It makes one spiteful. Give me a thousand a year, and I'll undertake to cultivate all the virtues.' ' Ah, you don't love poverty.' said Winifred. 'Love poveity! I should think not, indeed! Who does?' ' I do.' Mrs. Pennefeather shrugged her shoulders. ' You and I are so different ! ' she said. ' You have not five small children to feed and clothe. You are not aggravated by feeling within yourself an unlimited capacity for wealth. Now I am potentially a millionaire — and I haven't sixpence a year to do as I like with. Then it exasperates me to see those wretched Caldicotts perpetually going about and enjoying themselves, when poor Derwent has not had a month's holiday for the last four years, u hat— more flowers ? more eggs ? My dear, you spoil me . As for our hens, the abandoned wretches wouldn't lay an egg if we were all starving.' A crumpled-looking, delicate- featured little face, a com plexion once exquisite, a pair of brilliant hazel eyes, a rapid utterance, a winning smile, an excited manner, a thread bare black gown faultlessly fitted to a faultless figure — this Wa6 Mrs. Pennefeather. Now Mrs. Pennefeather, wife of ,, everen^ Derwent Pennefeather and mother of five ! small Pennefeathers .aforesaid, was the only friend of i Winifred Savage's girlhood ; and the Reverend Derwent I Pennefeather was curate to the Reverend Valentine Caldi- | cott, v icar of Langtrey. Of the vicar — a florid, agreeable I man, married to a Manchester heiress— it is enough to say that he divided his time pretty equally between travelling ' atroad and angling at home, leaving his church and parish almost entirely to his curate. y°u have not told me your troubles,' said Winifred, smiling. ' Are your people unmanageable ? Have you not yet poisoned the Lady Gwendoline, or succeeded in murder- i u-g the Duke?' «^t8' ennef eather shook her head. j ' That is not what worries me,' ehe replied, with a per fectly matter-of-fact air, as if slaughtering the aristocracy was 'her peculiar vocation. ' I have murdered the Duke most satisfactorily — in an entirely new way, which I'm sure you'll be charmed with. No — it's about a ^gliost story.' ' A ghost story ? ' ' I had a letter yesterday from the editor of Got] and Magog — such a nice letter — offering me five pounds for a ghost story for the Christmas Number. You may imagine how pleased I was ! Well, I went into the fields after breakfast, and it all came into my head — a thrilling suicide and a delicious apparation. Just the very thing ! And now Derwent won't let me write it ! ' ' Why not ?' ' You may well ask ! He doesn't approve of ghost stories — says it is a sacrilegious levity to write such things ! ' ' Then Mr. Pennefeather believes in ghosts ? ' ' He neither believes nor disbelieves. He says we know nothing about disembodied spirits under the present dis pensation, and that one has at all events no business to tamper with such subjects. It is useless to argue with him. You have no idea how resolute Derwent can be when it comes to a question of conscience. But isn't it mortify ing? Five pounds, my dear — five pounds deliberately thrown away, and Christmas coming, and the children wanting warm things for the winter. . . .' Here Mrs. Pennefeather's voice broke into an involun tary sob. ' I declare,' she said, ' if s heartbreaking ! ' Winifred's arms were instantly round her. 'No, no,' she said; 'disappointing — perplexing -not heartbreaking. Don't fret about it, dear ; pray, don't fret.' Mrs. Pennefeather laughed nervously, and brushed away a tear. ' This is too ridiculous,' she said. ' I who never brea k down ... I am horribly ashamed.' ' There must be a way out of the difficulty,' mused Winifred. ' A very short and a very straight way. I shall write a civil note, regretting that my numerjus literary engage ments compel me to decline ; and then I shall never again be invited to contribute to Gog and Magog.' ' You must of course give up youi delicious appa rition.' ' That is giving up the story. How can I write a ghost-story without a ghost ? ' ' You are not obliged to have the ghost of a human being.' » Eh?' ' Why not invent an inoffensive ghost— say the ghost of an animal?' ' The ghost of an animal ! ' echoed Mrs. Pennefeather, breathlessly. ' Oh, Winifred, what a great idea ! ' ' Mr. Pennefeather would not object to that? ' ' Of course not ! The ghost of an animal ? What animal ? A dog ! — yes, of course, a dog ! A faithful bloodhound, who appears in order to identify his master's murderer ! ' ' Isn't that rather too— too obvious?' ' I daresay it is, dear,' replied Mrs. Pennefeather, meekly. ' That's my fault, — you know — obviousness. All my ideas are just what anybody else's ideas would be. I'm not a bit original.' 'That is not what I mean,' said Winifred, quickly. ' What do I know of originality — I who have never read any novels but yours and Scott's ? No— I only thought that the story should be as uncanny as possible.' ' Of course it should be uncanny.' ' Unlike the generality of ghost stories.' ' Ah, there's the rub ! It is so hard to think of anything new.' ' 'We can but try. Suppose we tried by contraries ? ' ' Contraries, my dear child ! What do you mean ? ' ' Well, ghosts,' you know, are always seen — in ghost stories,' said Winifred, hesitatingly. ' Suppose you had a ghost that was felt. Ghosts always glide — have a ghost that springs. Fancy what it would be to feel a cat spring upon your shoulder — a ghostly cat — intangible — in visible ? ' Mrs. Pennefeather clasped her hands ecstatically. ' Oh, you darling ! ' she exclaimed. ' The children may well say there are no fairy tales like those you tell them! You ought to be an author ! ' Winifred shook her head. 'I an author?' she said, laughing. 'Absurd! I could not put a story together to save my life. No — I am but a truffle-dog in your service — good for nothing but to grub up material which I don't know how to cook.' Saying which, she rose, put on her hat, and asked if she might not give baby 'one kiss' before saying good-bye. So they went upstairs to a little carpetless nursery where a fair, wide-eyed infant was lying quite quietly in his cot, all alone, and staring with' placid contentment at the window. ' What a beauty he grows ! ' said Winifred, when this youngest Pennefeather had been duly smothered in embraces. ' He looks like a little king.' 'Bless him! He is my king!' ejaculated the fond mother, taking her boy out of his cot, and dangling him in her arms. Winifred smiled. ' You would rather have him than all the Caldicotts' money,' she said. ' What — my baby ? Heavens and earth ! As if I would not rather have my baby than all the wealth of all the Rothschilds! And he 'knows it— he knows his mother would sooner have him than bales of bank notes, and sacks of silver and gold, and mountains of Koh-i-Noors! ' And Mrs. Pennefeather, pouring forth a torrent of fond, foolish, maternal endearments, looked as radiant as if she had never sighed over an unpaid butcher's bill, or scribbled sensation stories at a penny a line. A tender mother, a good wife, a careful housekeeper ; as skilful with her needle as with her pen, and an adept in the art and mystery of cooking, Mrs. Pennefeather was the very reverse of that helpless, slatternly, unattractive phenomenon, the typical lady novelist of 'the nineteenth century. She was her children's only governess, and she made their clothes and her own. v For all this, she wrote novels— novels which were neither brilliant nor profound; but which were unquestionably amusing, and by no means without cleverness. And she wrote these novels anyhow and anywhere, as she could find or make time ; in the nursery, of the garden, or late at night when all the little household was in bed. Many a hcartache, many a headache, many a disappointment they cost her. Publishers held her cheap, because she always wanted ten pounds in advance. Critics were hard upon her ; and she secretly watered many a page of the periodical press with her tears. Yet she 'wrote on, and even enjoyed some of the pleasures of authorship. She was as much interested in her puppets as if they had been better dressed and painted, and worked by strings less obvious ; and the sorrows of her heroine helped her many a time to forget the butcher's bill in the background. Then, when by means of this small literary gift she succeeded in supplementing her husband's narrow stipend by no matter how modest a sum, she was happy, and deemed herself well paid. This does not mean that she was of a particularly contented dis position ; but that she rated her talent at even less perhaps than its due. 'Iam not witty, you know — I am only sharp. I have had no education to speak of. I know I am shallow ; and I don't expect to be read by any but those who are as shallow as myself. Thank heaven ! however, their name is legion. What would become of the circulating libraries, if the British public was not providentially,blessed withan instinc tive craving for rubbish ? ' Such was Mrs. Pennefeather's estimate of her own abilities, and due abatement made for exaggeration, she was probably not far wrong. The baby having, meanwhile, been kissed to within an inch of his life, Mrs. Pennefeather put him back into his cot, and said suddenly : — ' Is it true, by the way, that Lancelot Brackenbury is go ing up to the House of Lords ? ' ' Who says so ?' ' Every one, I believe. Derwent met Dr. Saunders last evening, riding home from Singleton Market, and he said the whole town was talking about it.' 'Already?' ' Then it is true ! Well, it was time. Things could not go on in an everlasting interregnum ; and the tenantry, I know, were discontented.' ' I believe it was considered necessary,' said Winifred; ' but it is none the less painful.' ' Painful at first, no dokbt; but that is a painfulness that I will quickly wear away with nee, At all eveate X am 1 glad it is settled . . . glad, too, that my dear Winifred will be Lady Brackenbury after all.' ' Mrs. Pennefeather ! ' Her face crimson, her eyes flaming, her lips quivering, Miss Savage stood the incarnation of outraged pride. ' My dear, I did not mean to offend you.' ?» You have offended me very much,' said Winifred, haughtily. 'Iam dreadfully sorry. I would not have said it for the world, if I had thought'you would mind it. How could I be so stupid — so unguarded ? . . . What shall I say to excuse myself ? ' ' Say nothing, rather than go on adding to the offence. 1 Unguarded ! ' ' W hat do you mean by ' unguarded ? ' Do you dare to — to imply' ? . Her voice broke, and she burst into a passion of tears. ' My dear friend— my dear, dearest Winifred,' cried Mrs. Pennefeather, now thoroughly frightened and penitent, ' don't — pray don't give way ! I was bitterly to blame— I acknowledge' that, but was it my fault, after all, that I dis covered your secret? How could I write stories — no matter what poor stuff they are made of— if I had not some sort of instinct for reading other people's hearts ? How can I help that instinct ? Why, dearest, I read yours years ago, as if ' it had been on open book ; and knowing how you love him. . . .' ' Of course I love him — he is almost my brother,' inter rupted Winifred, struggling hard for composure. ' Almost— but luckily, not quite. Well, I do not ask for your confidence. Some day, perhaps, you will give it to me. Meanwhile I can only say that I am sorry to have vexed you— more sorry than I have words to say.' Winifred was silent. Not because she could not for give, but because she did not know how to answer. Mrs. Pennefeather was her friend. She had known her inti mately for some seven or eight years— that is to say, ever since Mr. Pennefeather first came to be curateat Langtrey — and during all this time, she had been the confidante of Mrs. Pennefeather's troubles. When the children were ill, when critics were cruel, when publishers were stony hearted, it was to Winifred that Mrs. Pennefeather was wont to turn for sympathy and counsel. And Winifred really loved her friend, and her friend's children ; read Mrs. Pennefeather's manuscripts ; was interested in her heroes and heroines ; and even, as we have seen, contrived incidents for her at a pinch. These things were undoubtedly signs and tokens of a very strict intimacy ; and yet, not withstanding the strictness of that intimacy, Winifred was in no wise minded to regard her friend in the light of an alter ego. Mis. Pennefeather (to use her own language, which savoured occasionally of her literary style) might ' bare her inmost heart' to Winifred as unreservedly as she pleased ; but it by no means followed that Winifred should bare her inmost 'heart to Mrs. Pennefeather. If she had a secret, it was such a secret as she had scarcely dared to confess even to herself — how, then, should she confess it to another ? 'Is it possible that you will not forgive me?' said Mrs. Pennefeather, looking very pale. ' That is not why I am silent. I doforgiveyou ; but—' She checked herself, for she heard voices below— men's voices in hearty greeting. Sound travelled clearly along those bare passages and carpetless stairs, and Winifred's ear had caught the ring of a familiar laugh. 'Oh, dear me!' exclaimed Mrs. Pennefeather, 'there are visitors down stairs. Somebody on parish business, no doubt ; and Derwent has taken them into the dining-room, where all my papers are lying about ! ' ?' Lizzy ! Lizzy,' cried at this moment a clear, strong voice in the hall. ' ' Are you upstairs ? Mr. Brackenbury and Mr. Cochrane are here ! ' Mrs. Pennefeather looked at Winifred. ' What shall I say ? ' she asked. ' Say nothing — except that you are coming.' 'And you?' «- I am late, and must go home at once. You have only to shut the dining-room door when you go in, and no one will hear or see me pass.' Mrs. Pennefeather turned to leave the room. 'You are quite— quite sure that you forgive?' she faltered. Winifred smiled, and held out her hand; but Mrs. Pennefeather flew into her arms and hugged her. And so they parted. Then, as soon as she was alone, Winifred ran back to the cot ; pinned her five-pound note to baby's pillow ; im printed a last kiss on his soft little cheek ; listened for a moment on the landing ; and, having made sure that the dining- room door was shut, stole breathlessly down tho stairs, through the hall, and out of the house, like a culprit. Chapter XXIV. — His Last Letters. It was on the day following their visit to Langtrey Grange that Lancelot ard Cochrane took that long tramp over th« moors. They started gaily enough in the freshness of the early morning ; they came back tired and silent, as the chill November dusk was closing in. A well-lit room, a well laid table, a blazing log fire welcomed them back to Old Court ; and Lancelot mindful of his duty as host, made an effort to talk. But it was visibly an effort ; and, like all such efforts, fell short of the mark. H is thoughts wandered ; and when they presently adjourned to the 6tudio, he fell into a gloomy silence. Cochrane, meanwhile, smoked his cigarette ; sipped his coffee ; stared at the fire ; and enjoyed that enviable state of well-being which our Oriental friends call ' kef. ' The falling in of a log, followed by a shower of sparks, roused Lancelot from his brown study. ' I beg your pardon, ' he said. ' I am horribly dull to night ; and I make it dull for you also.' ' Not at all,' replied Cochrane. ' I am glad to be quiet.' ' The fact is— 1 cannot get that old woman's woixls out of my head.' ' 1 don't think they are words worth remembering,' said Cochrane. Lancelot shook his head. ' If it is not that I am superstitious,' he said, slowly. ' It is not that I for one moment put faith in an old crone's dreams and fancies ; but ? ' ' But what, then?' ' It is that she echoed my own conviction. I do not feel that my brother is dead. I have never felt it. I feel that he lives. . . .' ' My dear Brackenbury ! ' ' Yes— lives. Somewhere or another, on land or sea, he lives — lives at this moment. I tell you it is 60. 1 know it.' He rose excitedly, and walked to the fuither end of the room. Then came back, and leaned against the chimney piece. ' Now you understand why I was 60 reluctant to follow Marrables' advice,' he said, lapsing into sullen gloom. ' I am a usurper. I take his name and place ; and some day, when he comes to ask me for an account of my stewardship, what shall I say to him ? ' ' But this is madness — sheer Midsummer madness ! ' 'It is not madness,' said Lancelot, doggedly. 'Men don't die by violence and leave no trace. If he had been murdered, 1 should have found his corpse. If there had been a struggle, I should have discovered signs of it. Do you suppose I left any stone unturned ? Do you think the smallest clue could have escaped me unnoticed ? Why, I left not an acre of those woods and hill-sides unexplored. I employed not only soldiers and police, but I sent out bloodhounds. If there had been so much as a shred of his clothes or a lock of his hair upon the bushes, they would have found it.' 'Then what do you think has become of him?' asked Cochrane, incredulously. ' I don't know what to think. It is a dreadful mystery,' groaned Lancelot. 'It is not as if we were living in the days of English press-gangs or Baibary corsairs,' said Cochrane. ' Italian banditti are as daring, and more clever.' Cochrane got up from his chair, and laid his hand on Lancelot's shoulder. ' My dear friend,' he said gently, ' what wild fancy have you in your head ? Italian banditti follow one of two courses. They either rob a man for immediate booty, or seize his person for the purpose of exacting ransom. Who ever heard of a traveller being not only plundered, bnt carried into secret captivity, and kept alive for years, for no motive whatever ? Your brother, my dear fellow — your un fortunate brother, was only too well worth robbing. It was not ransom they wanted in his case. I am assuming now that he was actually the victim of banditti.' ' And that he was murdered ? ' Cochrane looked down, assenting by a nod. j ' Well, I say again, if he was murdered, he most haye been buried, and if he was buried, I must have found his i corpse.' I 'I don't see that,' said Cochrane. 'He was lost, as I ? understand it, near the coast. What was there to prevent his captors— forgive me for suggesting so painful a possi bility — what was there to prevent his captors from putting , out to sea under cover of the darkness, and drowning him if alive, or sinking his body if dead ? ' Lancelot turned pale. ' I used sometimes to tell myself that he might have lost his way and fallen over the cliffs,' he said, in a low, shud dering voice. ' But I never thought of his being— drowned alive.' For a few moments they were both silent. Then Lancelot took a bunch of keys from his pocket, opened a large carved cabinet at the opposite side of the room, and came back with a packet of papers in his hand. '? These are his letters,' he said, dropping into his chair. ' Sit down, and I will read you the two last I ever received from him.' Cochrane sat down. The lamp was between them. The fire burned low and clear. The rest of the room was steeped in a warm gloom. He looked at the letters with a feeling approaching to awe. It was as though the hand of the lost man were stretched out to them from the world beyond the grave. 'I was up in Scotland, shooting, when he wrote them,' continued Lancelot. ' The first reached me a day or two before be left Genoa ; the second followed me to Italy — after his disappearance. He finished it the very night before he started on that fatal journey. I will begin with the earliest.' He drew the lamp nearer, shaded his eyes with his hand, and read aloud : — No. I. ' Hotel Feder, Genoa, April 10, 18—. ' My Dear Lancelot, — I am glad to hear that Urquhart has asked you to Glenmore. It will be a pleasant change for you, after so man}' months at Old Court. The house, no doubt, will be well filled, and Urquhart' s moors are, of course, first-rate. If the Craigmillars are there, please say all that is proper for me in the way of congratulation. He will be hugely pleased to hang out C. B. after his name ; and the distinction, such as it is, has been well earned. But you know in what estimation I hold these button-hole honours. ' I am glad to say that I have heard of some jewels here in Genoa (the property of a decayed nobleman), which, I hope, will suit my purpose. I have not yet seen them ; but am in communication with a certain lawyer who acts as intermediary in the matter. He says they consist of dia monds only, which I much prefer to mixed stones, and so, I believe, does Winifred. I am to see them in the course of a few days, and will let you know the result. It was quite by chance that I made inquiry here, for 1 was persuaded that Rome, and only Rome, was the place for jewels. ' I hope to leave' Genoa about the 14th or 15th instant, but cannot say for certain while these negotiations are pending. Your best plan, if you write again before I get to Florence, will be to address Poste Restante, La Spezzia, where I shall stay one night. ' Your affectionate brother, ' Brackenbury.' ' That is the first,' said Lancelot, refolding the letter with a sigh. ' Somewhat dry and matter-of-fact, like most of his letters. He could write pungentlv enough, when he chose ; but he rarely took that trouble. Here is the second — and last.' No. II. ' Hotel Feder, Genoa, April 16th, 18—. ' My dear Lancelot, — I write late at night, after a long and busy day ; so must tell my news briefly. In the first place, I have not only seen the jewels, but bought them ; and have bad a man here all the evening taking them out of their old- fashioned setting — so bringing them into more convenient compass for travelling. I intend to have them reset by C&stellani;, after some good Roman or Etruscan model. The stones are very good. Three of the largest are rosecut ; but the rest are all brilliants, and of excellent water. It is, I believe, almost impossible to find a set of old Italian dia monds without some admixture of roBe-cut stones. I have paid a great price — more by far than I had intended ; hut I console myself by reflecting that I have given no more for the jewels' than the market value of the stones; and that diamonds are, in fact, an investment. These would at any time fetch at least as much as I have paid for them. My notion, however, is of course to treat them as an heirloom. ' The bargaining scene would have amused you, I fought a lawyer and a banker single-handed, and came off victorious; paying precisely the sum I at first offered, which was fourteen thousand less than they asked. We haggled over it finely, ae you may suppose. ' I am anxious now to get on to Rome with my spoils. To-morrow morning I am to see a travelling carriage; and shall, if possible, start in the afternoon. ' I was glad tc receive your letter of the 8th instant from Glenmore, and to learn that you are having what our Ame rican brethren call ' a good time.' . We must see what can bo done to make Old Court more comfortable for you when I return. You cannot go on without stable accommodation of Eome sort ; and another room or two. in which to put up a friend, would be a vast improvement. I have a plan in my head for doing this without in any way damaging the picturesque effect of the ruins. 'God bless you. ' Your affectionate brother, ' Brackenbury,'' ' P. S.— April 1 7.— The above was written yesterday. I found 1 must have slept at a wretched little mountain inn if I had staited this afternoon, whereas by going tomor row morning, I shall reach La Spezzia the same night. So I have decided for to- morrow. ' By the way, if anything was to happen to me before my marriage, I should like Winifred to have the diamonds. Don't suppose from this that I am in the least unwell. I never was better. But life is uncertain at the best of times ; and having no means of making a proper codicil on the subject, I just mention this wish by way of precaution.' Lancclot'6 voice dropped as he read the postscript. 'His mind misgave him when he wrote those last lines,' said he. ' I don't know that I should take that view of it,' replied Cochrane. ' A thoughtful, practical man, like the writer of those letters, would naturally look to possibilities. He had made an important investment, and he was on the eve of a journey; just the occasion on which people fall to thinking of their wills. Besides, he was bent on doing a risky thing— and he knew it was risky.' ' It was the act of a madman ! Fancy a belt full of diamonds ; and not only diamonds, but money, letters of credit, notes ! ' ' Was no one suspected ? ' ' Suspected — yes. A dozen innocent persons were more or less suspected ; but not one upon whom there rested any permanent shadow of guilt.' ' And you are absolutely without the slightest clue ? ' ' Absolutely.' ' You have never traced any of the diamonds ? ' 'Never. They were unset, you know; and even the man who valued them and took them to pieces, though he weighed and counted them at the time, could not remember the exact particulars. They made a sort of catalogue of them that last evening, it seeais; but it is supposed that Cuthbert put the list, with the stones, into his travelling? belt.' ^ Cochrane took up the envelope, and looked at the post mark. ' Four years and seven months ago ! ' he said, mourn fully. ' My dear fellow, it is hopeless. If your brother was yet alive — no matter how closely imprisoned or how keenly watched — do you suppose he would not have found some means to let you know of his existence ? Why tor ment yourself with visionary hopes and fears ? Have you not suffered suspense and sorrow 'enough ? ' ' It is not a question of will, or even of reason,' said Lancelot, impatiently. ' I have a deep seated conviction— here. How can I help that? What can I do ? ' ' Do ? Well, take your brother's place, I should sav, and fill it worthily. Teach yourself to think of him as deacl. Set your face to the future, and cease looking back towards the past. Accept the inevitable. That is the best advice I can offer you.' ' Thanks, old fellow. You could give none more manly or more sensible.' Lancelot put out his hand, and the friends exchanged hearty grip. This ended their conversation. Lancelot folded up the letters and returned them to the cabinet ; and pre sently, although it was yet early, Cochrane pleaded fatigue, and eaid goodnight. 