TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. a NEW SOUTH WALES. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) SYDNEY, Saturday. A complimentary picnic was tendered to Captain Onslow, M.L.C., and Mrs. Onslow, at Campbelltown to-day, as a mark of the esteem in which they are held by the residents of the district. About 300 persons were present, including several members of Parliament, The weather is very warm and dusty quite summer like. The Queen's Theatre was well attended on Saturday night, when Charles Kean's version of Louis XI." was performed. The character of the French monarch was represented by Mr. J. Dewhurst D'Arcy Read opened at the Victoria-hall, Castlereagh-street, with his ghost entertainment. Offenbach's comic opera "Madame Favart" was produced at tholhcatreRoyalon Saturday night by Musgrove's Opera Company. There was a good house. The music is lively, and the opera altogether is sparkling. The performance went off well. Miss Pattie Laverne, as Madame Favart, appeared to more advantage than in any previous opera played by the company in Sydney. Mr, Fred Mervin also had a good reception. About 2,000 persons were present at the Garden Palace on Saturday afternoon, when Sir Michael Costa's oratorio "Eli " was effectively rendered by the Sydney Musical Union. The principal parts were sustained by Miss Annis Montague, Miss St. Clair, Charles Turner, John Bushell, and E. J. Hollingdale. Monsieur Rodolph, the French billiard player, opened a series of billiard exhibitions on Saturday evening at the Royal Exchange Hotel, in the presence of a considerable number of spectators. There is a speculative inquiry for tobacco, but holders refuse to sell except at an advance Galvanised iron, stock brand, is offered at £22. Breadstuffs remain unchanged. Arrived Saturday : City of Adelaide, s.s., from Melbourne ; Bella, barque, from Lyttelton ; Edith May, schooner, from Bluff Harbour, New Zealand ; Menmuir, ss. from Foochow Sunday : E. G. Viner, from South Seas. Sailed. Saturday : City of Adelaide, s.s., for Melbourne ; Chiclayo, for Honolulu ; OnBOuri, for Melbourne ; Malcom, for Hobart. Sunday : Chilton, for Hong Kong ; Tas- man, as,, for Hobart. QUEENSLAND. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) BRISBANE, Saturday. On opening a box of silver plate presented to Major Barlow, of Toowoomba, by his old comrades of the Cambridge Volunteers, and which has just arrived by the ship Sepia, it was discovered that the contents had been stolen. The inquiries made by the police point to the conclusion that the theft was committed before the box was shipped on the Sepia at London, The bottom of the box was taken out by the thieves ; the zinc was cut through, and the bottom was then nearly replaced, Sunday. The Queensland Rifle Association Meeting has been marked by excellent shooting. Gunner Davis, Ipswich, a youth of 19, won the Queen's prize with 68 points out of a possible 105. Private Sterling, of Toowoomba, made the highest possible score at 600 yards, in the international match. He scored 12 consecutive bulls'-eyes, including two sighting shots. Some good specimens were banked on Saturday from the South New Zealand, Gympie. The benefit performance of Mr. Wybert Reeve's company at the Theatre Royal on 1! Friday Uigur, with a great success-. Arrived 18th: Egmont, ss-From Sydney; Terra Nova, from Tweed River; and Corea, from Thursday Island, Sailed Alexandra, for Cooktown ; Leichhardt, for Sydney. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) ADELAIDE, Saturday. Mr. F. Longmore, chemist, of Melbourne, has received seven first-class awards for specimens of drugs and perfumery shown at the Adelaide Exhibition, Sunday. The R.M.S. Hydaspes arrived at 2 yesterday afternoon, and sailed for Melbourne at half-past 8. Anniversary services in connexion with the evangelistic work of the Young Men's Christian Association were held in the Town-hall this afternoon. There was a good attendance. The Rev. S. Hebditch spoke. Mr. J. G. Pitcher, who has lately returned from London, and is acting as agent for certain English stockbrokers, is investing £100,000 in gold-mining in the Northern Territory. One claim has been already purchased, a manager has been engaged, and machinery has been bought. Account sales have been received from Calcutta of the sample shipment of Pulleine fruit. The advices state that the fruit is all that could be desired. The consignor recommends that regular quarterly consignments should be and of the produce of the colonies. The employés of the Exhibition held a sporting meeting in the grounds yesterday. A change has occurred in the weather. It is cold, and a little rain fell yesterday evening, A match between Sheet Anchor, Myall, and Rob Roy, over hurdles, took place at Morphetville on Saturday. Sheet Anchor won very easily. Negotiations are proceeding for a settlement of the case Marryatt versus other governors of St. Peter's College, which promise favourably for the governors, whose position has been impugned. A strike of tailors has taken place at DooIett'B, fashionable tailor, because the proprietor engaged a man to teach women, who would do the work for less wages than men. Arrived Saturday, Victorian, s.s., from Melbourne ; Abeyona, from Liverpool ; G. J?. Habits, from Laurvig, Norway ; Empress of China, from Hobart. Sailed Crusader, for Newcastle ; Penola, B.E., for Melbourne, NEW ZEALAND. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT,) WELLINGTON. Saturday. The South Pacific Steamship Company has been floated in Auckland. The capital is to be £100,000, one-half of which is subscribed, 