QUEEN'S THEATRE. The performance ot the Queen's Thcntrc last night, was for the benefit of tbe check and money takers of the theatre, and there was a very good attendance to witness it. The programme consisted of Boucicauit s comedy, " Leu Astray, a play recently produced here wiili great success. Miss "NVillls .once more nppeared ns the heroine, and again demonstrated how well she is qualified to succeed in the representation of characters in the higher ranges of comedy. Mr. J. 11. Steele's Rudolphe Chaiidoce has frequently been tho theme for praise, and his performance of that character last night was in every way as successful as it has been on previous occasions. To-night Air. Dew- burst is to nppenr as Hamlet. Of his conception oE this, the most important role in dramatic litera ture, reportspeaks highly, and the most pleasurable anticipations nre entertnined. The tragedy bas been well cast, and among those engaged iu there- presentation we notice Miss Willis, Ophelia ; Mr. J. B. Steele, the Ghost ; nnd also Messrs. Griffiths and Stoncham, together with others who have made scarcely less favourable impression upon the habitues of the theatre. To render the comfort of the audience complete the house has been tho roughly renovated nnd cleaned, and nothing has been left undone which would attain for tbcin lliut satisfaction Ijcforo the curtain which it is probable they will derive from the efforts of those behind thejootlights. At tho weekly temperance meeting at the Tem perance Hall, Pitt-street, on Wednesday night, there wasnn unusually largo number present. It was held under the auspices of the Noble Order of Hons of Temperance of Australasia. The chair was occupied by the Most Worthy Scribe Mr. P. R. Iloldswortb, The meeting, which was a very orderly one, was addressed by Air. John Roseby, M.P., Air. Joseph Greer, Mayor of Newcastle, aud Mr. J. B. Sedg wick. At the close of the meeting, and during the day, IB names were added to the list, making 020 during tbe present month. 