NEWS OF THE HAY. The news from Ireland is of an exceedingly grave character. The Government has issued a proclamation formally proclaiming tho "boy cotting" of lnudlords and other forms of coercion to bo criminal acts. Several Irish members of Xhirliament and other prominent members of tho Land League have been ar rested and sent to gaol. Tile whole of Ireland is now proclaimed under the Coercion Act, and tho Land League is to bo suppressed. Naval and military preparations have been made to promptly suppress tlio iii-st symptoms of disturbance that may appear. Tho Govern ment is clearly determined at lust to put a stop to tho scones of violence and terrorism that have so long disgraced the island. In the meantime public opinion in Ireland is growing very excited over the otcps taken by the Government, and indignation meetings ure being lield iu England as well us Ireland to protest against the coercive measures. The Assembly will proceed this week with the consideration of tho Water Conservation Bill, tlio llesidence Areas Bill, tiio second reading of tho Laud Bill — the latter pro bably at the end' of tho week — and witli the further consideration of the estimates, und the Tea BUI. The mails from Europe by tile Suez route readied Hobson's Bay yesterday, three days within contract timo, by the new steamship liaveuna, of the P. and O. Company's fleet. They consisted of 33 bags (landed at Queens- cliff) for Geelong and the Western districts, 112 for Melbourne, 4B for Sydney, 11 for Queensland, 10 for Noumea, 38 for Tasmania, 68 for New Zealand, and 2 for tho naval squadron. Those that came up to tlio Bay were landed in fifteen minutes. The Kavenna is a new steel-built ship. Tho particulars about her appear in our shipping columns. At the time the mail steamer Kavenna left London, thero wero no less than seventeen large steamers, exclusive of the P. and O. Company's vessels, on the berth for these colo nies, to leave before the end of the present year. The Oriont steamer Potosi, which loaves on Wednesday morning at nine o'clock for Lon don viil tho Suez Canal, offers an opportunity of replying to correspondence by tho P. and O. Company's steamer Kavenna, which arrived yestorduy, >ud the Orient steamer John Klder, which will iu uli probability reach Hobson's Bay to-morrow evening, ns slio arrived at Gienelg yosterday morning at four o'clock. The Potosi arrived from ixydncy yesterday afternoon. The Branch steamer Pre'eurseur is tho first of a new lino of steamers, entirely distinct from those of the Mossageries Maritimes Company, to run between Prance and New Caledonia, by way of the Capo of Good Hope, touching at Adelaide, Melbourne and Sydney botli going and coming. On this, lior first trip, she baa not much cargo, but the vessel is suiled eeono- inically, and steams her eight knots on » con sumption of 10i tons of coal per day. Sho litis nearly one hundred passengers, tlio greater number of which are for Noumea. There has been uo sickness amongst them. A remurkablo sight was witnessed by the passengers and crew of tho Trench steamer Pre'eurseur on the 1st inst. As they passed close to Magdalene Island, one of tiie southernmost inlands in the South Atlantic, it was covered with snow, entirely surrouuded by ice, and was in a state of eruption, white stoam or smoke rising furiously from its ' crater. Mr. Justice Molesworth will deliver reserved judgment to-day, in the Lamont will case, at the Supreme Court, at eleven o'clock. Mr. Justice Williams will not sit in Equity, as wn3 anticipated, but will transaot tlio chamber business as usual. j Mr. Justice Holroyd sits for the second time on the criminal bench to-day. Tlio liit being a long one, the sittings will, unless somo of the charges are either pleaded guilty to or postponed, in ull probability last until the end 1 of the week. Tho Chief J ustice and Mr. Jus tine Higinbotliam are at present away on circuit, and Mr. Justice Williams loaves town this week for Castleinaine, so that Mr. Jus tice Ifolroyd will bo the only judge remaining in Melbourne for tile transaction of business. The llcalesville poisoning ease caunot be brought on at tlib Central Criminal Court on Monday, as anticipated, although the witnesses iu the case were bound over to appear on that date. The case is in such a very incomplete State that it cannot be brought on at present, and all tho summonses Issued to witnesses havo been countermanded. The case will bo tried nt the ensuing Ccntrnl Criminal Court. In the enso of I)r. Cecil Jookson, who wns committed on a charge of manslaughter by tho coroner's jury nt jUurybornngh, we understand the Crown will enter a nolle prosequi. It will ho remembered that Br. Jackson treated a Miss Hithlcr, and llio young lady died under his treatment. The jury wero led to believe there had been mal administration iu tlio case, and accordingly committed tlio accused for trial. The case lias received the clnsestattention nt the hands of the law officers, including tiio prosecutor for tho Crown. It was found that only one medical man's evidence was taken ut the preliminary inquiry. Additional expert evidence lias been taken, and it has been found that the enso cnnnnl bo completed for presentment ut the Assizo Court at Castlomaiuc, lo which T)r. Jackson was com mitted for trial, the expert evidence taken by the Croivn since tho coronial inquiry showing that llio testimony taken at tlio in quest was not of such a character as to war rant tiio Crown proceeding against the acunscd. Br. M'Gratii, of C.'usllcinuincp has stated iu his evidence for tho Crown Law department that the prescription written out for tho preparation of tho mediciiio supposed to havo proved fatal was uot oxccssivo in its force and character, hut, oil the contrary, that he, Br. M'Grnth, would havo intensified it. It is not, therefore, lite intention of the Crown to go on with tlio case. Should nny additional ovidenco crop up, however, the case can ho proceeded with under the provisions of the law iu that respect. The remains of tho Into Under-Secretary, Mr. IVm. Hy. Odgers, wero interred in tho Kow Cemetery yesturday afternoon, and were followed thither by a largo number of friends. The funeral eorlei/c left tho deceased's late place of residence in Jolimont at throe o'clock in the afternoon, und amongst those who ap peared as prominent mourners wero Sir .lames M'Culloch, Mr. Tkaucis, Mr. Knmsay ami Mr. J. AT. Grant, somo of tlio various Chief Secre taries under whom Air. Odgers held office. Thero wore also a number of members of I'ar- liamont and the heads of tlio several Govern ment departments present. Everything was conducted in a quiet nud unostentatious man ner, tho arrangemeuts for the funeral being under the superintendence of Air. Bell, of Richmond. In reference to tlio sufferers by the late rail way accident, we nro informed by Br. O'Hara that his patients are all progressing favorably, with tiie exception of Alessrs. Bliss, Lyons, Stephen, Edwards and Simcock, who arc, and will bo for somo time, confined to their homes. Air. J. S. Jenkins, jun., is still very weak, and is far from progressing as favorably as was ex pected. Mr. Bruce Gauuson is as yet unable to leave bis bed. The Solicitor-General attended at tho Ia- tents Office on the 1 Otlx inst., and heard two ap plications for letters patent, tho first being that of Air. Jonathan Sherman, jun., of Chicago, U.S.A., for an invention for preparing tan bark for transportation, which was opposed by Air. A. Alichaelis (of the firm of Alichaelis, Hallenstein and Co.), Lonsdalo-street, Mel bourne, and refused ; and the second was that of Air. Henry Upton Aloock, of Russell-street, Melbourne, for an improved table, convertible into either a billiard or a dining table, tlio patent in this case being granted. Air. Snow- den appearod for Air. Micliaelis, and Air. Waters for the respective applicants. It will be remembered that two bandsmen, named W. Summers and John Yates, wero arrested a short time ago on a charge of having deserted from the Bacchante, one of tiio vessels of the I'lying Squadron. They were brought up on habeas before his Honor Judge Higinbotham and discharged, as they pleaded that they were not regular members of the ship's crew, but servnnts of the officers. It appears that tho decision has surprised and annoyed the officers of the squadron in Sydney, as we learn from that city that representations have been made to the Governor of this colony, pointing out that the decision appears to them to be of doubtful soundness, and that if it is sound tlio effect will be to encourage desertion .and deplete the crews of men-of- war visiting these waters. An officer iu the Education department, named Robert YatC3, lias been taken into custody by the Eitzroy polico on a eliargo of indecently assaulting a little girl 11 years old, named Annie By water, ou the lltli inst. It is alleged that tlio offender met the child at tho corner of Victoria-parade aud George- street on tho date named, as she wns returning from 'i'wyford'e Statu school,. I Jthgow-street, Collingwood. He took her down a lane near at hand, committed tiie offence, and asked her to see him tlio same evening ; or, if not, to meet him near the same place the next day. She, on going home, informed her mother of tiie occurrence. Atr. Bywater allowed her to go to school the next day as usual ; he watched for her return near the place where tho offence took place the previous day, and saw- the man accost bis child and lead her away. Ho then ran up and secured him, when .he said lie must have been drunk the day before and did not know what ho was doing. He begged not to bo locked up, as it would rniu himself and five others, referring to his wife and children. lie was then handed over to the custody of ConstableMiller, brought before the Eitzrov magistrates ou Thursday, and remanded for a wcok. It i-s stated that only on the morning of the day on which ho mot tho prosecutrix he had addressed a memo, from the Alinister of Education sus pending a teacher of a school at Kilinoro for a similar olfenoe. On Saturday evening last the Limerick Arms Hotel, Drummond-street, Carltou, kept by Mvr. Cooper, was entered by tiiieves, who abstracted a £1 note, 'l in silver, a half- sovereign, an English gold locket, with a white stone in tiio centre, and a pair of earrings to match, an English gold locket, oval shape, and another circular shaped, a gold bracelet, with a dark stone in the centre, a saloon pistol, and a deep lace collar, the value of the articles stolen being about £12. Tbc complainant states that sho locked up her bedroom at eight o'ciouk in the evening, and on going upstairs to bed missed the property, which was iu a chest of drawers in her bedroom. Entrance to the premises must havo been effected by tlio back gate, which lnid been open daring the evening while tho complainant was serving in the bar. Clever thieves sometimes make n mistako in searching the victims they have in their clntches. An instnuco of this occurred on Saturday, when a stockman . named James Alahoney fell into the hands of two low women, named Catherine Roes and Anno Morris, in a den situated iu I'uneh's-lane. Tho women sue- cecded'in abstracting £15 out of one poelcet, and, flushed with the success that attended them, ran away und left their victim with £21it) in £10 notes iu tho other pocket. Alahopey gavo information to thoDctcctivo department, and Botectives Nixon and O'Callnghan suc ceeded in effecting the arrest of the women. A young" criminal, named Michael Donoghue, was charged at the City Court on .Saturday with attempting to communicate with prisoners. He was arrested by Constable Burke in an at tempt to throw a quantity of tobacco aud tea over tile guol walls. A parcel was found in his possession containing several figs of to- b.'iccoand about. i lb. of tea. Aletter was enclosed in the parcel with instructions how to dis- tribnto the articles, and signed "Aloss Jewell." The bencli sentenced the prisoner to three mouths' imprisonment witli hard labor. Seve ral attempts of tiiis character lutvo been dis covered lately by the polico, and it is lo bo presumed that their froqucnuy points to suc cesses in some instances. In every case tea iu considerable quantities lias been found. How this article is disposed of within tiio gaol walls is a mystery only known to the warders, as it is to' be presumed that the prisoners do not cut llio tea. John Coyno Riley, the bookmaker who was arrested after the proceedings of the Insolvency Court on Friday by Constable Coghlan, on a charge of obtaining goods by means uf falso pretences, was brought before tho City Court on Saturday aud charged with the offence. Afr. Graves, who appeared for the prosecution, asked for a remand till Wednesday, which was grunted. Bail was allowed in two sureties of £100 each, the bondsmen being Messrs. Alace and Caroy. A painful accident happened on Saturday afternoon, at the carrying out of tlio Coburg \ annual sports. During tlio1 competition for tlio handicap sack lace af youtli named II. Alaiier, son of Air. Aaileiy'j.'., of tiio Afore- land-road, fell and brokybis right aim below the elbow. Ho wns Speedily conveyed to an adjoining house, and attended to by Br. Ecclos and Br. Talbot, and was removed to his Ba rents' residence on tlio limb being set. Sir Joseph George Long Iunes, K.C.AI.G., who has recently beon appointed a puisne judge of the Supremo Court of New South Wales, in the place of Air. Justice Hargrave, who resigned on aocount of ill-licaltii, is the sou of Captain Iunes, of the 3!)th Regiment, and was bom in Sydney in 1S3-1. He was educated at the lying's School, Parramattu, and was called to 'tile liar at Lincoln's Inn. London, in 1850, being admitted to the New South Wales Bar in 1S02. In lSiiS lie was appointed district judge in Queensland, but re signed iu 161)0, and returned to Sydney. Ho was elected to tho Legislative Assembly in 18/2, made Solicitor-General in the same year, and in 1 873 Attorney-General. He was called tq the Hon?e in lb/2. In S74 lie ac- compiftii&3'Bli'ncroulas Robinson to Fiji, and was knighted for his services on that occa sion. We have boon requested to draw attention lo the advertisement in our special column vc- ' specting the new evening journal, tlio Evening World, Tho monthly meeting of tho Tlisrmaoy Board of Victoria was held at No. i Mutual Provi dent-buildings, Collins-street, on Wednesday ; tho president, Mr. J. Bosisto, At.L.A., in tho chair. Before tile business commenced Mr. C. R. Blackclf, who wns recently clcctud a mem. her of the board, was introduced and took his scat. After disposing of the minutes and cor respondence, the following applications were dealt witli, and tlio applicants registered as pharmaceutical chemists Millard Johnson, Windsor, passed major examination ; Samuel Broaden, ixnmceston ; and Hugh Chalmers Rose, Sydney. The indentures 'of apprentice ship of G. T. Whitford, Geo. 'I'. Turner nml' J. A. Af. Pearson wero also regis tered. A lotLcr was read from Air. C. H. Yeo, lion, secretary of the Pharma ceutical Society of Queensland, forwarding a copy of the Queensland Pharmacy Act. Tlio act is almost identical with that in operation in this colony. Tlio design for lliu certiiicato to ho given to students who havo passed tho major examination was, after somo discussion, agreed to, and these certificates will lie shortly issued. Tho names of J .ami Midworth, Sydnoy, and James Gcrrard, Wnllialla, do- ceased, were erased from tlio register. A num ber of cases under the Sale of Poisons Act wero dealt with, and in some cases the police will lie requested to prosecute. ' " On Thursday morning," says llio Jlairns- dale Ecus, " a very serious accident happened to three men while working as miners inaciaim at Lower Boggy Creek, twelve miles from Bairusdalc. Their names are .1. W. Cannon, C. Biinstan and John Richards, who worked tugetlior as mates, and they were driving at tho time when the earth fell on them. Bun- stan happened lo bo nearest llio mouth of the drive, ami seems to have escaped with lint slight bruises, but Cannon was so seriously in jured internally that his recovery is doubtful ; Richards also, who has two ribs broken and liis face severely cut, is in a had state, and it in problematical if lie will pull through. Neigh bors carried them on stretchers to their homes about a mile off, and Br. Buuean was imme diately sent for, who , did all lie could under tlio circumstances. Still, as but little medical assistance can ho oli'ainod for them in that out-of-the-way locality, they will have to ho removed as soon ns their condition will per mit. Both Cannon and Richards havo selec tions, but have to eke out their living by occa sional mining. Cannon lias a wife and fivo children. It is remarkable that, owing to tlio want of water, tiiey had determined to suspend their work on the following day. But for Bunst.an's being comparatively uninjured tlicy would ail speedily havo been smothered, as slio rtiy afterwards another heavy fall of earth took place just as they hud been liberated." " At the fire at the Chinese camp, Mary borough, on Thursday night, wiiea four tene ments were destroyed, a Chinaman, who was assisting the brigade, broke his fore-arm, while a naturalised Chinaman, named Ah Hing, re- residing ou the Park-road, who had been assisting to remove goods, worked himself into such a pitch of excitement that he fell into a fit. None of the Chinamen would receive the man into tlieir huts, and ho was deposited in front of the joss house. Br. Wong Aling Kara," soys the Standard, "pronounced the man's case as serious, and advised his removal to tiie hospital, whither Sergeant Eahcy had taken him ou a door. Ho was admitted into the institution mid died at two o'clock on Friday afternoon, never having regained con sciousness. There were many ludicrous in cidents connected witli tho fire. Chinese wero everywhere observed removing all their effoels then sitting oil tlicm viewing the progress of the flames, chattering volubly, but not iu the least attempting to check the spread of tlio conflagration. The premises destroyed were valued at about £100, and wero not in sured." Another fatal accident in the claim of tiie Working Aliaers' Company, Homcbusli, is re corded by the .iroCTt Mail, " The victim in this instance was a well known resilient of the. Fiat, namod Patrick Al'Cartliy. At ten o'clock on Monday morning the deceased was engaged iu ' blocking out,' with ilis mate Robert Surameis, aud a truckful of dirt iir.d just been filled to wheel away, when some thing went wrong with the front part of tho truck and Summers went forward to put it right. Just at that instant the earth foil and completely buried Al'Cnrthy, while it caught Summers by the legs and held liini fast. 1'ho accident was discovered by a miner named Cnnroy, who fortunately went to that part of tiie mine at tlio time to get a drink, and heard the ground comedown and the shout for assist ance. The alarm was quickly given, and six men were at once put on, in short shifts of three men each, to dig out their buried com rades, and it is needless to say that tiiey worked with a will to accomplish tlio object. .Summers was quickly released, but it took until half -past threo p.m. to reach Al'Cartliy, who was found quite dead.' Mr. C. W. Carr held a magisterial inquiry respecting the death, when it "as proved that due caution iiad been used in working tlio mino, that thero was abundance of timber for ail protective pur poses, and it appears that only tho treacherous character of the ground could be blamou for tiie melancholy occurrence." Tho following casualties were admitted to the Melbourne Hospital during Saturday and Sunday : — Patrick IVm. l'earcc, fiO years of age, living at Lalrobe- strect cast, suffering from injuries to tho head, caused by a fall in the street; George Jennings, aged 11 years, living at Cecil-street, Emerald-hill, suffering from a cut leg, caused by au accidental fall on some glass ; Arthur B. Ferguson, 35 years of ago, employed on the Cerberus, suffering from a cut head, sustained by a fall on the pave ment ; IVm. Fitnam, aged fit) years, a resident of Lnlrobc-street west, suffering from a cut on the head, caused by falling in tlio stroot ; Richard Corbctt, 19 years of age, a bootmaker, living at Post Offico-pluce, suffering from sup posed poisoning. The sufferer is said to have accidentally swallowed somo paste which was supposed to have contained phosphorus. Jas. C'alligun, aged 2li years, residing at Lygon- strect, suffering from an injury to the ankle accidentally sustained. The following casualties wero received at tho Alfred Hospital during Saturday and Sunday: — William Bag, aged 2d,' living at Richmond, suffering from broken arm and fractured joints, through falling against tho kerbstone. Alichit.-l O'Brien, aged li, re siding at Toorak, brought in by police with broken arm, caused by bis being knocked down and run over by a horse on the Caulfield racecourse on Saturday, A public meeting will be hold at tho Praliran town hall this evening, in connection with the Victorian Alliance. Mr. Jas. Alunro will pre side, and the speakers will include Alessrs. H. R. Williams and J.Ninuno, AIs.L.A., the Rev. Br. Waugli, tlio Rev. J. Burchett, and Alessrs. T. Shaw and J. Turner. The subject of tho addresses will bo the local option ques- tion in relation to tile liquor traffic. Arr. and Airs. ,T. O. Williamson left ou Saturday, overland, for Sydney, where they will play a short dramatic season previous to tho production of Sullivan's latest comic opera, Patience, At tho Athewcum, on Saturday night noxt, Professor A. P. Rudoipho, a distinguished French billinrdist, will give exhibitions of his skill with the one. Professor Kudolphe, who has a European reputation, is looked upon as ouo of tho ablest exponents of the cannon game, and his performance is looked forward to with much interest. St, George's Hall was crowded on Saturday evening,' to' witness the performance of Pro fessor Anderson, who appeared for positively the last time but one. An oxtonsive pro gramme was gone through, and tlio various feats received tile recognition their skilful ex ecution entitled them to. To-uigiit Professor Anderson appears fur the last time. The Apollo Hall was crowded on Saturday evening to witness tho twenty-first performance of Buckley and Gardner's Alinstrels. In the first part the singing of J. Gardner, E. Edwards, F. Newton, T. Rainor and J. Pope was received witli great applause. The sailor's hornpipe, by O. Alain, received a double encore. Alessrs. Buckley and Gardner, in their specialties, Blooming Aloruing Glories and tlio Ghost in the w oous, greatly amuseu the audience. The per- formauce concluded with the farce, the Shower of Cats, Alessrs. '1'. Buckley and Bavo Gardner sustaining the principal parts. Tho same pro gramme will be repeated this evening. There was a large attendance at tile Total Abstinence Society's weekly People's Concert, in tlio Temperance Hall, Russell-street, on Saturday evening. Tim principal feature on the programme was the appearance of a party of Highland dancers, who appeared in reels, strathspeys, flings and sword dances to the music of the bagpipes, played by Air. Broadhurst. Air. Harry Folder, tho blind instrumentalist, performed selections of na tional airs on the clarionet, for which ho was loudly applauded and encored. Tiie chair was occupied by Air. V. V. Lambert, aud Alias Bwiglit acted us accompanist. Tho Gospel Tent having hccu rc-ercctcil at tho corner of spencer anJ ltoilcn bl reels, ovaneclislio meetings will he held every'niglit litis week, wuen ad- rfreBftSU'lU lift dclffgYod by thi Hot. R. Fitcher iruj others. A largo sslo at tho Umhor.&c.;, which formed tho Ex hibition annexe will ho held nt cloven o'clock to-day. Dr. .Tamicaott gives a health lecturo on Food and Drink as Carriers of Disease to-night, at tho Y.M.C.A. Dr. Win. Thomson's nntlseplic rosiiinilor for phthisis is noiv advertised for sale nt Furu and Co.'s, hwiinstoii'Strcct. The report of the Lying-in Hospital and Uospil.rl for Discuses of Women and Children for tlio v.erk end ing ltlli October is " ns follows: — raticnls in imu- pitnl, SI ; ndimttcd during tlio week, CO ; disohnrged, o ; remaining in hospital, 42 ; total number of out patients for Inn week, lf.f): now cases, 16 Air. nnvid'Munro, of Oncon-strcct, who recently . contested n scat in tho City Council, bss boon re quested hy a number of ratepayers In Uourko Ward to offer himself ss u candldutc nt the ensuing civic election. As Air. Munrn was warmly supported on tlis last occasion, lie is disposed to cntortnin. tho requisi tion favorably, uiid will probably stitnd. At tlio Itailwny Club Hotel, North .Sundridge, ort Friday night lust, n dinnor was held by tlio liovnli Charter Lodge of tile Grand United Order of l'reo Par ceners, to celebrate the gift to t-tio lodge of a set ot jewels by Dro. Pnpsley. Tlio Jewels wero highly orna mental, hearing different mottoes, mid were eight ill number. The presentation was made bv tho graml mnstcr of the grand lodge, Hro. Armstrong, who hutl been invited for tlio purpote. Tlio proceedings went off most pleasantly. Al tho tormiiiiifion of. the annual sports hold ut Coburg on b'aturdsy .afternoon, tint loco! amateur minstrels gave a grand Ktliiopiim concert and minstrel entertainment in the public linil, the result oi which — jmbjilig from the crowded state of tlio room— must havoTiccn highly" satisfactory, Huaucinlly. The young beginners facqutttcd themselves very creditably, tlio jokes and conundrums which touched upcitt tiio local events of the day being very witty. Some vxcellotit Jig and clog dancingwas utso given. Tlio bazaar and silo of gifts in aid of tlio Union Mcmoriul Church, Hnthain, wus brought to u clo-o ntx Saturday ovening, in tho local bail, and was largely pal ro nincd. A protnciuido concert wns given. Tlio proceeds for tiio season amount to shout iffioo. It is hoped that this amount will meal the needs of tits church and tlio whiles of those alio have given their tiiiin, cnorgy and money to tho undertaking. Coun cillor W. Green at llio conclusion sold all tho remain ing articles, fnr which good prices were realised. A meeting was hcid 0:1 Tuesday ovening Inst, In fit- Luke's schoolroom. North Fit/roy, for tlio purpose of forming a Parliamentary Debiting fcioeioly. Thoso present having formed tho society imd passed tlio t'oustiliuioi) and practice of tlio house, and appointed a eommittco to bring it)) the standing orders, ad journed the meeting to Thursday, tlio 20th inst.,. whou the officers will bo elected ami the society fairly started, if is ho|aul thai the .voting men ot fieri re Fitr-roywitl give their hearty sitpporl fo the 'move ment. Tiie woekiy meeting of tlio committee of tiian- egonicut of the Immigrants' Aid Society wus held oni Friday, at tho Militury Itarraeks, St. tiilda-neid. l'rcscnt: Messrs. F. C.Oliptmul, II. Hromby, G. Bakor, Thos. Dickson, who occupied tlio chair. Tho slate of tlto house was reported us foltows : — Remain ing last week, 025; admitted since, 24 ; discharged, 20; remaining, 'JfO men, 102 women and lib children, in " ail 023. At tlio same time lash year thero Iwcro 3J4 men, 167 women nnd 12G children. There are OS man nnd 23 womeu; sick, 5 men stonehrenking, 224 hair tensing, Ac. - nnd 10 working ontsida; 12 women in tlio laundry, 10 8cwing, 117 imir to.ising, ft: c. The nightly nvcnigo' of casuals during the week was 24 males and ff females. Out-door relief was given to 2 families, or 6 individuals, on presenting thu relief cards of the- society. Tho monthly meeting of tho Victorian Academy ot Arts was held on Tuesday last ; tlio President In tlio' clinir. Mr. liarlcs reported that tiio deputation ap- lioliitcd by tho council, and introduced by the Messrs- L. L. .Smith and Zux, Me.L.A., imd waited on tho Chief Secretary to ask for Government assistance to the building fund, and that he had kindly promised, to do all thailay in ilis powor to forward Lhelrrcqucst. Tlio draft annual report having been road, tlio samo was adopted and ordered to he printed, together with- tlio lialnnco-sliect and tlio rules for distribution. Ill was resolved tlint tlio annual meeting should he hold! on Thursday, 27th inst., at half-past seven p.m.i .tho consideration of Mr. Taylor's clectiou was post-; poncd till next meeting, nt tho instanco of Mr. '-"imp hell. Mr. Edwards withdrew his proposed motion re! Lite mutter of electing academicians, and the mealing closed. The works of Hie Victoria sketching Club lor the month were hung in the room as usual. 