PINS. Cum y ra nu salis. THE Campbelltown Herald has ¡ts " Asmo deus" too, aud this is what lie s i vs in that lively littie paper, the oilier day :-" There is a certain young man in a ct-rtain traffic <!ep »rtment who entertains an awful dread of small-pox. Hearing tli.it smoking was su- perior to vaccination as a preventative of the disease, although lie had never puffed a cigar, and detested thc odour of tobacco, invested in a ¡inge meerschaum an l a pound ot Cavendish. Every night before retiring to his virtuous j couch he has been vigorously sucking of the 'amber lu »nth piece and omitting clouds of vapour. Every night also, he has made copious offerings ti» the shrine of nicotine after the style landsmen sacrifice to Neptune. He is as pale as a ghost now, emt eat, and [ au object of deep interest to the undertakers. To crown all, the young la ly to whom he was i engaged sniffed tobacco from his doilies at their last meeting, and has thrown him over I lor a life assurance agent, while his landlady ' has given him notice to quit inst o ti ter, and has demanded au immediate settlement of long standing arrear>. That young man ia anxious to know whether snnL-pox is as bid as smoking." Very good ! Í wasn't aware though, that Le Sage had left so many off- spring behind. Gu ahead, old man, M e more the merrier! I am indebted to the Armidale Chronicle for the following A DAV OF JUDGMENT. \- We are now having the finest summer which has been for the last te« years. Some people attribute this to the co.net, others to a combi- nation <>{* atmospheric causes which port» uti a Am,. jfSfrs-'d «í.;t.u:¿v:wn,_.v J-h . its, RHO (.-*:..oiic Aurora,'' th« o. ôa»i wittie Vatic art. pi*': Ï-.si.es a programme of what, aceolding to Leonardo Aretiuo, is to>take place in the fall of the year. The sea is to overflow the coasts, the low lauds are to be submerged, all sorts of fishes aud birds are to be annihilated ; houses are to totter dow a, rocks burst asunder ; there is to be a general eart iqu.ike, and on the tenth day hnuiaiiity is to be universally stricken willi ¿henearse of dumbness. After this the graves are to gi» e up their dead, there is to be a »bower of stars ; heaven and earth are to ¡ be consumed hy fire ; and then will come the [ resurrection ot the dead and the final judg- j ment, lt may be interesting to point out that a precisely aualagous catalogue of the catas- | trophe was predicted as iinmitu-ut during the reign of Charles ll." Now [ siiould like to know what consolation l*rolessor Denton is going to give us in this extremity. The I wheels of society, tra le, and politics, still | revolve, and no one seems to trouble their ? heads; what they all di., A-.ino.leus will do also-let it il J. P. I Sinei the introduction of the small pox (scare) into Sy.Iney, much has been said pro and con anent vaccination. Doctors have dished up some reniai kn ble statistics relating to small-pox amongst vaccinated and unvacci- uated, in other countries-England principally. Hut for many reasons, aud from many causes, these long columns of figures may be put down as u'f doubttul reliability. Here, now, there need be no doubt ; we are young beginners, and if doctors and inspectors are honest, it is au easy m itter to keep the run of the thing-of those who have died amongst the vaccinated, and vice versa. Now, as far as I have read, some seventeen persons have died of this foul disease, and a greater number have recovered ; but only one instance of an unvacciuated patient has been mentioned, and that one, so far as the public are aware, is not yet dead. Now here is a little nut for the vaccination party to crack, for, according to ali that has been reported, the uuvaccinated (in this country, at any rate) stand the best chance of escape from death. Had there been other unvacciuated cases we should have heard of it (surrounded as we are on ail sides by an all-watchful pvty whose object is com- pulsory vaccination). Only one such cuse, however, has been reported ; and then great stress was laid upon the fact as, '* being au unvacciuated case would be likely to prove fatal." Up to the present time, that case has tiot been so reported, therefore, one may safely j conclude that the unvacciuated one is still J alive and kicking. Other people are takiug notes, as well as doctors. j AsMcfuiitrs. 