A. DA.~ IJ S'O>L' T . CHAPTER XXX. "WELL, this is a queer start, if' ever there was one I " and the Pocket Venus, throwing herself backon thesofa, laughed uproariously. " To think of old Braid's daughter turning up in my house I How often I've snow-balled him as ho's been working away at his forge; and how often I've snow-balled you " The servant's face flushed crimson, then grew very pale. Her mistress went on gleefully. "You remember the dame's school at Parson's Green, and how. you and I went nutting in Hartfield Wood with Tom Price, the miller's son ? By jingo I but they were larks I " The girl gave, a cry, letting fall from the tray she carried the remainder of the sponge - cake, which Fluffy (the dog) immediately appropriated. "Gracious goodness I - O, gracious goodness me I-it's Nance Murdoch I " Though the recognition was expected challenged in fact-the utterances of the last name seemed to strike a painful chord in the little actress's heart. Her mirth vanished just as quickly as it came. She gave a sigh and nodded. "Yes; I'm Nancy Murdoch," she said. "And I don't wonder that you didn't know me as I am now. Why, I didn't know you when I saw you at the registry-office. We are both changed since we used to go blackberrying in Farmer Blagrovo's fields." "Yes, ma'am." There was somethiing in the servant's curt answer that made her mistress pause for a moment-for a moment only-for the spoilt, light-hearted little creature went on while Lucy continued to remove the things from the table.' "It was such fun I And how I used to catch it from mother coming home with all my school-books left in a ditch, and as black about the 'hands and mouth as a Christy minstrel ! I am so glad to see you, Lucy; I'll double your wages I " Lucy could not have 'heard this last announcement. At least she made no allusion to it, but stood, her eyes fixed upon the floor, fidgetting with the strings of her apron. "Your mother, ma'am I Excuse me, but have you seen her lately ? ". There was a pause. The little actress looked angrily at her servant, the servant looked persistently on the ground, while the dog licked up the fine crumbs of the sponge-cake, which, the better to escape observation, he had privately. conveyed under the sofa. " No." Another pause, broken only by Totty with an effort. . "Do you know, where she is now ? " Yes, ma'am; at : Doctor ,Balm's, Windlestraw House." The servant, who had lifted the tray from" the table and was moving towards the 'door, stopped and again faced round towards ,her mistress. " If you please, ma'am, I should wish to leave-to leave at once." "What ? " " Yes, ma'am-miss," she hesitated.. " I am a poor girl, and it is not a question of wages." Totty Fay was thunderstruck. She felt the blow acutely, and coloured through her rouge. "You see, ma'am- miss," the servant went on, " we are both known at Woodhurst, and I am engaged to.Thomas Price, as you mentioned just now; and if it came that he should know "-here the girl's voice failed her, for she saw the intense pain she was inflicting, and broke down. "0, indeed, indeed,. ma'am-miss, it's not a" question of wages I " And with a burst of genuine tears, Lucy Braid hurried from the room. At the same moment a gentleman dismounted from his horse at the door, was admitted, and rapidly ascended the stairs, to find Totty Fay, her face hidden in her hands, and sobbing violently. " What the devil's the matter?" exclaimed Sir Philip, in his usual refined manner. "You are misusing the water-rates here with a vengeance I That new girl of yours. opened the door to me with eyes red as tomatoes; and here you are doing the'part of the distressed heroine, injured innocence, or some trash of that kind I Has the girl been slanging you, or have you been slanging the girl ? What's up ? " HIe threw himself into a chair as he spoke, and without ceremony took a cigar from his ass and commenced smoking. "Put out that cigar," said the girl, stamping her little foot with angry impatience ; " do you hear ? " He did hear, and laughed. "Decidedly something's the matter, Tot. Has Bessie Tulip " (a rival songstress at the Chickabiddy) " made a hit in a new song, or have you missed your tip in an old one ? What's gone wrong ? " "I have I-but you shall pay me the respect that's due to a lady I "-and with a movement as quick .as a kitten's, Totty darted from the sofa, snatched the cigarfrom between his lips, and hurled it out of tlhe open window, to the great delight of the parrot, who screamed and danced on his perch as at a capital joke. "What the douce do you mean by that ? " said Sir Philip, rising angrily, his dark, handsome face growing darker and his brows fiercely contrasting. "Ill thank you, when you're inclined to show your tantrums, to vent your temper upon someone or: something in my absence. That was the last cigar in my case, confound you I " "You sha'nt smoke here without first asking my permission. When you per suaded me to come away from Woodhurst, you said it was to make me a lady." "And haven't I kept my word ? " asked the baronet with a grin. "Who could know the manners and customs of polite society better than you do ? Only give a follow warning another time, and I'll stock my cigar-case beforehand. What was that girl blubbering about ? I don't think I've seen her here before. Where did you get her from?" "From the registry office." " She has a pretty face, though some tliing of the yokel in it-a mixture of roses and cream, broad beans and fat .bacon. W\here did she come from ? " " From thIe same place that I did Woodhurst." " The devil she did I-but that's:awkward. Does she know you ? " " We were schoolflilows together.: She did not know me at first, nor did I know her. The recognition took place only five minutes ego." "Ah, I see I-quite a little rural drama; floods of tears on both sides; mistress and maid, equal for the time being, clasped in each other's arms with outbursts of affec tion, which, as maids exist, she hopes will be remembered in her next quarterly pay ment." " She came but two days ago, and will leave directly." " What for ?" Again the young girl's eyes filled with tears as she raised them to the cold, cynical face of the man. "Can you ask ? Lucy know me when we were both little toddling children-" " Ah, yes I I know," sneered the baronet. Rode the same donkey on the same common, and took alternate bites out of the same slice of bread and butter-act first in the village drama. Now I suppose, presuming upon her early friend's change in circumstances, she wants more butter to her bread and a donkey all to herself? " " She wants no money at all-she wants to go away. Philip," she said, laying her hand upon his arm, " have you forgotten all the promises you made. to me at Wood hurst ?" "Promises I I suppose when a fellow is over head and ears in love he makes all kinds of promises that are quite beyond human power to fulfil. Now, I didn't .promise you this, but I've brought it. Isn't it pretty ?" He took from his pocket a small velvet case, opened it, and flashed a ring before her eyes. "Diamonds and rubies It I is the ring you admired so much at Hancock's .the. other day. It came to a tidy figure, but knowing my Totty liked it, I brought ,it on." The girl took the case, looked at its con tents for a minute, then quietly put it down on the table. . " You promised to mariy me, Philip." The baronet with difficulty repressed a. 'whistle.. There was a gravity in her manner that puzzled him. " Had you not done so, do you think I would have gone with you ? I have your written promises to that effect "-and with an involuntary movement she laid her hand upon a small table-desk of rosewood and buhl work which was close beside her. The movement was not lost upon the baronet. "Are the letters there ?" he thought. " By Jove'they are I for I never caught that desk unlocked." "My darling little Totty," he said aloud and with a laugh, " at lovers' vows Jove laughs." " I.don't care what Jove does I He may laugh or he may cry for what I care; but this I know, I- will be no longer played with by you, Philip Wentworth. Is it not suffi cient that, for your sake, I lost a mother's love, but that you should make me an object for your jeers and laughter ? '" S"My dear Totty I " "But you shall redeem your promise, "Or what?" " Or I will expose you l"-and the little fist descended with such a thwack upon the 'desk that the parrot nearly fell from its perch with a nervous scream; while Fluffy, the poodle, who had beei' foraging about. the room, immediately disappeared under the sofa. " What," laughed Sir Philip, " a breach of promise, Totty ? You don't mean that you would put the legal skewer through two fond hearts, and serve them up to be torn into pieces by a lot of vulture- beaked barristers ? To what judge do you intend to submit those' interesting documents ? " " To Lady Caroline Somers I "-and now the tiny fist beat a smart tattoo on the pretty surface of the desk, still further convincing the watchful baronet that the letters were there. Lady Caroline Somers ! He.grew very pale, as he saw at once the menaced danger. It was a deliberate threat, and 'the firm set mouth, with the slightly protruding chin, showed that there was a resolve to fulfil it. . ' Some malicious fool has been filling your ears with a lot of twaddle. I can't understand what you mean ? " "Possibly not ! Her ladyship may have quicker perception. My mother loves me still-God bless her I Yes, I know that, though she was always so stern and hard. Ah, had she been less stern and hard, I never should have been here-never, never, never I " And with all the reckless abandon of her character and caste, she threw her arms across the desk, and letting her head fall upon them, sobbed aloud. The man who was standing erect before her was biting his moustache savagely. He endeavoured however to repress any further show of passion, and while he placed his hand upon the fair head of the young girl, his thoughts were concentrated upon the possible contents of the desk. " To what lawyer do you intend to con fide those precious deposits ? " "To no lawyer. You have never met my mother; but you know her character from her behaviour to me-from the threats she launched at you. If you and I fail to come to a proper understanding, Philip, I send those letters first 'to Windlestraw House, and then to Lady Caroline So mers." " To where? "' '' It is impossible to convey, in writing, the horrible alarm: of the baronet, 'con-' tained in this one oexclamation, as the words "Windlestmraw House " fell .upon his ear. "What has your mother to do with Windlestraw House ?" "You know it, then ?" and Totty opened her eyes with surprise. "No; but friends of mine do. A hydro pathio establishment, is it not ? " "Yes; my mother is matron there," said Totty. Sir Philip turned to the window to hide an emotion it was impossible for him othler wise to conceal. IHehalid never even dreamed of 'a danger like this, and for a moment he was unpre pared to meet it." With the words "Windlestraw. House " crime also. the memory of Gertrude Went worth. No wonder that his thoughts were again concentrated upon the contents of the buhl desk. OIAPTER XXXI. Rarely have three more peculiar and ill assorted persons come together than the three now assembled before a blazing fire in the housekeeper's room of Wentworth Abbey. The turret clock has proclaimed the hour to be eleven, one hour before midnight. The weather outside is frightful, the rain is coming down in torrents, the wind is raving in turret and tree, and everything is making itself as thoroughly disagreeable as pos sible. The comfortable blaze of the fire irradi ates three countenances: that of old Mrs. Block, the housekeeper herself; that of Benjamin Darknoll, the steward of the Wentworth. estates; and Mr. Everard Cor bett's clerk, Tom Brompton. Poor Mrs. Bleek I Outwardly, five years had made but little change in that excellent woman; she had become a little more shadowy perhaps, a little more " mumified," but that was all. Time had however had his revenge even upon this poor creature. An intellect, never of the brightest, had more and more succumbed to the cold pressure of the tyrant's finger, and, retained by Sir Philip as some blind, wortlless, worn-out hound would have been retained upon the estab lishment, from sheer shame of turning it away, she flickered about the old house, to which she clung like the damp upon its walls. The old home I There indeed the five years had made a vast change. It had become a deserted house. Sir Philip, who on the death of his father had thrown himself into the pleasures of London and Parisian life, had taken a dislike to the place, and, but for Benjamin Darknoll, would have pulled it down, sold every timber, and carted away every brick, to build some pleasanter abiding place else where. But, like Mrs. Bleek, the old.man held to the house. To him that mouldering brick work and crumbling stone represented the family. The master,, always away, and shudder ing at the very mention of the dreary place, as he called it, and the sinister memories it conjured up, it is not surprising it should fall into decay. A very common-place scoundrel, after all, was Sir Philip Wentworth. You may meet hundreds like him any day in the parks. Successful, and therefore courted, knaves; gentlemen (ah I that misused term I) got up by Truefit and turned out by Poole ; with heads as empty as egg-shells, and hearts like Dead Sea apples. A spend thrift on himself-a sybarite, who, to stuff his own couch with rose-leaves, would give to others a pillow of thorns; he had cut down, all expenses at the Abbey, and to this, strangely enough, he had, been urged by Darknoll. " My end is gained I " the old man would chuckle to himself. " My daughter's wrong has been righted so far as so'foul a wrong can ever be righted, and my blood-mine I -will inherit for generations the honours of these proud Wentworths. Philip must make a great marriage-a grand marriage -a marriage that the world will speak of; and his name be written down in every print, and echoed from mouth to mouth I It was a game worth the playing, and I have gained it-for him I " And so the new steward shut up the Abbey, living there himself with the aged housekeeper and a domestic or two, mindful only of Sir Philip's interests, grind ing, scraping, and watchful, till the tenants cursed the absentee landlord and the miser who had taken his place. As he bends over the fire, listening to the smart talk of Tom Brompton, with a sneer he scarcely takes the pains to conceal, he has a very venerable appearance-the hair snowy white, the face deep lined, the eyebrows full and drooping. The eyes how ever have all the 'fire of youth, and they glitter with a penetrating keenness as they glance, from the lad to the shadowy old woman, who sits like some ghost in her antique chair-dim and chilly even in the ruddy glow of the piled-up hearth. "A dull place this for a sharp, active young fellow like you, Mr. Thomas, to come and spend your holidays. You are nrot afraid of ghosts, it seems; for, accord ing to your, grandmother, we have plenty of them here." Tom laughed. "Bless you, Mr. Darknoll, I am more afraid of rheumatics I A damp sheet wrap. ped round one's body is worse than all the rawheads and bloody bones in the world." " Rheumatics is bad," assented Mrs. Bleek, more to herself than as addressing any one. " I've had 'em for years, and folks get used to 'em." "But," continued Tom, " if I did believe in ghosts, I should .fancy they would crop up hero pretty plentiful. The Abbey isn't quite the place, to raise any spirits but dead 'uns; though if I were in your place, and came across any such tenants without leave, I'd soon serve them with a writ of ejectment." " Ah" grinned the old man, "that's easier said than done. Phantoms of the past cling about ancient places such as these, and when they do appear, it's hard to lay them. Hfow would you manage, may I ask ? ." "By clearing the house from top to bottom, opening all the windows, brushing away all the cobwebs, and letting in light and air. Depend upon it, there's nothing like a good wholesome current of fresh air and a housemaid's broom to chase away hobgoblins." " We've sent away all the housemaids," piped Mrs. Bleelt. "Things isn't as they was, you know, Thomas; and as to light and air, we've had none of them since the great house changed owners." " Changed owners I what do you mean ?" \--anl Darknoll's eyes gleamed at her savagely. "The Wentworth estates are, as they ever. must be, in the Weonutworth family." "Yes, yes; but what's the good, Mr. Ben jamin, of snapping one up so ? You know what I meann-that is, what I think I mean -for, upon reflection, I'm not so right about it." " Right about what, granny ? " put in Tom, while the steward furtively scowled at them both. " 0 I "-and the poor soul proceeded to wander off in another direction-" it can't be right, you know, for the family never to visit the Abbey, but to leave so beautiful a place for years to old Benjamin there and me, who are but shadows ourselves, you know; and 0,"--hero her mind took another turn-" what numbers of shadows I see when I take my rounds I They crowd every room, and I meet them on the stair case, going up or coming down. They all belong to the place-like me, they are a part of it, and can't quit it no more than I can." Tom felt that the conversation was getting too depressing even for him, so he made a dash to change it. "Your Sir Philip," he said," addressing Darknoll, "your Sir Philip keeps it up in fine style down our way I Just before I came away I saw his last new turn-out in the parks." Darknoll's face had changed its expres sion as if by magic. His eyes sparkled with a sort of joyful expectation. "What was it like-eh? Something that a nobleman would be proud of-that a nobleman would have, no doubt ?" "I believe you, gaffer I-slap up I The true thing, and no mistake I " "Ah I " murmured Darknoll, drawing a long breath of satisfaction; " blood will out " "A four-in-hand' drag," continued Tom, warming with his theme,-" the complete thing ! Not a detail wanting, from the mounting of the harness-all silver-to the guard's horn I You never saw such a crowd in Piccadilly as when Sir Philip drove from the Cellar I " " The where ? " " The White Horse Cellar, and tooled them into the parks I " " And they admired him ? " "Well, there could be but one opinion as to the turn-out I" said Tom, with an evident reservation in the tone of his voice. " They were all swells, inside and out swells, and t'other sort " " T'other sort ? " " There was Colonel Snorter, who tihere was all that row about in the divorce court; Lord Bardolph, who by rights I ought to have mentioned first; little Tommy Bomb shell, of tihe Guards-a screamer he is; and Clubber Spades, the sporting barrister, who gets more by betting than by briefs." " All gentlemen I " And Darknoll rubbed his hands. " Tip-top I And as for the ladies I there was shig-nogs " (Tom's French was peculiar) "of all colors, outside and inside, with little Totty Fay on the box I " "Totty Fane I Who is she ?" Tom laughed, and without taking heed of his grandmother's mistake in the name, gleefully snapped his fingers. " She's perfection-that's what she is I Such a singer I You should hear her give Now don't You Wink at Me, Joe, and Tea and Shrimps on Sunday. 0 I "-and Tom smacked his lips with delight-" no wonder Sir P. is so taken with her. If I was a king I'd make that girl my hempress." - The old man's brow slightly contracted. " Youth will have the feelings of youth," he murmured; " and Philip had ever a kind heart." "Fane I Fane I" broke in Mrs. Bleek, who had boon rocking herself backwards and forwards in her chair. "Is the young lady any relation to the Fanes of Lincolnshire ? They were a proud lot, and used to visit here in the old time. She can't be a Brucoe Fane. No, nor any connection of Lady. Eleanor's, nor-" " No; she doesn't belong to Lincolnshire at all," said Tom, scarcely able to keep his countenance as his grandmother con tinued to tick off several names on her skinny fingers. " Then," said the old woman, triumph antly, "she is a Buckingham Fans, and they were the proudest of all." And with this consolation she subsided back into her roomy chair, and chuckled ex Sceedingly over the amazing powers of memory she had evinced. " I hear Sir Philip's going to be married -'bout the same time, I suppose, as my master, Mr. Corbett." Benjamin Darknoll started. "What I Is Mr. Everard Corbett going to be married ? You surprise me I News travels but slowly down here. Is she-is she rich ? " " Will be I" and Tom nodded confi dentially. "Not quite half a million ster ling, but enough to furnish a bundle of asparagus or an early pea to a lamb chop, you know." " And Sir Philip's wife, the wife that is to be-Lady Caroline Somers- have you seen her ?" "To be sure I have. I frequent the Row after business is over, and often before that when business is slack. She's an upright grand, she is-up to any tune, I should think, but Home, Sweet Home." "Handsome, of course?" said the old man, inquiringly. Here Tom paused. "Well, beauty, as the oyster said to the shrimp, is a matter of taste. Some people like the features elongated, and some like them flat. Her ladyship has a nose like the beak of a parrot, mollified" (modified he meant), " and a lip that curls up at the world as fine and as crisp as a sprig of endive. She's a' fashionable,' and no mis take ?" "What's that?" cried out the old woman, suddenly starting from a doze, and raising hier head with a gesture of alarm. " What's that ?" "What's what ? " demanded Tom, some& what sharply, for hle was beginning to have more than a misgiving as to the state of what he called his grandmother's " upper storey." "I heard the bell of the great gate ring; I heard it, for my hearing is good, though for my eyesight I can't say much; folks eyes fail 'em at my age. It's weary crying over the past, and-" She stopped, and again held up her hand, "there I-I heard it again, and the hoot of the owls, too. I hear many things that others don't, old as I am." There was a silence of some minutes, during which Darknoll, startled by a some thing in the housekeeper's manner, listened attentivdly to catch any other sounds, if other sounds there were, than the blare and tumult of the storm. " She's right," said the steward, with a queer, puzzled look, which was not far re moved from alarm; "that was the bell of the groat gate which rung just then; and thero I there I do you hear it ? " turning to Tom, who stood with his head bent for ward and his hand to his ear, a statue of eager (lie scarce could tell why) atten tion. Yes; Tom had heard it-he heard it now distinctly. "It's a strange hour for visitors," said Darknoll. "Very," assented Tom. "No one from the village would dare to come to the great entrance. Who can it be ?" Though the question was asked at ran dom, Tom took upon himself to reply that he thought that, under the circumstances, it might be as well to go down to the gate and see. "A nice cold I shall catch," grumbled the old man, as if more than half inclined to resume his seat and let the visitor ring on. "Listen to the dash of the rain and the scream of the wind I Besides, I can't hold the lantern and turn back the lock alone; I'm not so strong as I was." "' No, no," put in Mrs. Block, whose mind had wandered off again. "We none of us are so strong as we were. I've carried Miss Gertrude and Master Philip on my back often and often, and now I can't stoop to pick up a pin a'most, but some cruel pain. shoots through me somewhere. Ah, deary, deary me I how things do change to be sure." And once more she commenced ticking off some piece of Wentworth chron ology on her fingers, muttering words, with this peculiarity- they had no relevancy to anything she had been saying before. " There's the bell again," said Tom to Darknoll. " Somebody must answer it. It wouldn't do to leave a dog out such a night as this." "Why not?" snarled the steward, his sweetness of tone having for once alto gether deserted him. "If dogs select such weather let them take their chance." "But dogs don't ring bells," urged Tom, as another peal made itself now distinctly audible. " Come, look here, gaffer, if you'll carry the lantern, as you know the road, I'll keep you company and turn the bolt. You may depend it's business of importance to bring people out of their homes through such weather as this. It may be a telegram you know-some news, bad or good, from town. Something concerning Sir Philip, perhaps." " What 9 I never thought of that. You're a brave lad, and-and-a useful. Come this way; there are overcoates and wrap pers in the hall. Stay, I'll fetch the lantern." His apathy, his selfishness, had alto gether disappeared, and he hobbled off, to return with a lantern, the candle of which he lighted at the fire. The housekeeper continued to chuckle, and sigh, and confuse her dates, seemingly oblivious of what was passing, as Tom hurried out after the steward, and flinging on a covering of some kind found himself outside of the principal door, facing a rush of rain and wind that chilled him to the marrow. In front, and calling to him impatiently to come on, was Benjamin Darlknoll. It was then Tom perceived that that eec centric personage was already half-way down the broad carriage-drive, canrying.the lantern, but without his hat. " Well," muttered Tom, " if I ever came among such a set of lu-natics before, may I be the last of the Bromptons I Here, only a minute ago, this very genial old cove was refusing to leave the fire aces' of the rheu matics, and now he's a-pelting away without his hat I " And so it was. The steward, forgetful of everything but the possibility of bad news about Philip, had plunged out into the night, and was making, rapid headway towards the gate as Tom' came up with him. " Here, I say, take my wrapper," and good- natured Tom flung it over the old man's shoulders. " You's not as young as you were a hundred years ago. Pull the end of it over your nut, and you'll be covered in like a penny-winkle. Shall I take the keys ? " "Yes; the large one- the, rusty one " and the steward held up the lantern to the one. "It hasn't been used for years. How dark the night is." "You may well say that," said Tom, having selected the key. " That's about the third clump of laurels I've stumbled into in about as many moments. Still, they might have been prickly hollies, which would have been a jolly sight worse; so keep your pecker up, and never say die, which is, or ought to be, the Brompton fam'ly mottoer. Hilloh I here's the gatel " he cried, as he ran smartly against it. "Thank you for nothing, old gentleman, but a little more attention with that lantern would be acceptable. I have not much nose to speak of, but I wish to preserve what I have." Taking no heed to Tom, who was busy feeling what he called the "handle to his mug," Benjamin Darlknoll, moving to and fro with the upraised lantern, peered through the bars of the gate. As yet he saw nothing, for the rush of rain was great and the darkness thick. "Who's there? Anyone there ? " No answer. "Anyone moving outside ? " shouted Tom. No answer. " Queer time this for a runaway lnook I" grinned the irrepressible. "Hold hard with that lantern of yours for a moment, gaffer I I've already lost half my valuable nose, and my teeth will go next. Stand where you are, gaffer, while I strikeo the jigger ! " and Tom applied the great key to the lock. It was a work of difficulty, but hlie turned it, and with another shout, to which the old man joined his feebler tones, he, using his utmost force, pulled back one of the great gates a little. It hand not revolved upon its corrided hinges more than sufficient to give space for the passage of a human being, than a dark figure, shrouded in a large cloakl, glided swiftly through. The figure of a woman I , Both Tom and the steward recoiled before this unexpected apparition. The figure entered quickly, movedonwards a few paces, then paused, confronted by the steward. " Any more of you?" bawled Tom, pooring out. "No I Well, this is a queer caper I " and he closed the gate. "Who are you ? What's your business here, woman ? What do you want ?" demanded Darknoll, almost savagely, of the rain-soaked and solitary figure that stood before him. For some moments no sounds were heard but the clamour of the storm and the creaking of the key as Tom re-locked the gate. "Who are you ? " and the old man raised his lantern to the veiled face, repeating the question, " what do you want ?" "Home I I have come home, Mr. Darknoll I " The veil was raised as the words were distinctly but quietly uttered, and the light of the lantern fell full upon the speaker's face. Simple words enough, but the effect they produced upon the old man was the effect of a thunderbolt. He throw up his arms with a cry of terror, while from hisnerveless fingers the lantern dropped, to extinguish itself at his foot. " I am going mad I" he said-" mad- mad I My brain is all in a whirl I It is not possible I It can't be possible I " . Then, with another low, vague cry of terror, he stumbled forward, and strilking his foot against the lantern he had dropped \- came face downwards heavily on the ground. Tom, who had seen nothing of all this, came hurrying up, just managing dimly to see the outstretched form of the steward as it lay on the ground before him. "Hilloh I What's up-or rather whose down? 0, it's you, gaffer, tumbled over your own lantern, I s'pose I But where's t'other party ?" and he peered around. " Vanished I Well," and hegave a prolonged whistle," "hero's another queer.caper ? I'm not what's generally called nervous, but I've had about enough of this place, and if I don't pack up my walise and start for town to-morrow, my name's not Tom Brompton I " He raised the steward, who had had only a momentary fit of some kind, to his feet;. and as he half supported him, picked up the lantern. "Lean on me, gaffer. Don't be afraid. I'm not much as regards size, but I'm as full of sinew and as tough as a fowl at a luncheon-bar. Hold on while I find my match-box. Here it is. Hurrah I" and he re-lighted, though not without much difficulty, the lantern. " Now, lot us forge ahead, look around, and inquire for some further particulars about that figure at the gate." Meanwhile the mysterious visitor had not paused for a moment, but as one knowing the way, had passed rapidly on and entered the house. (To be continued.) 