Some London Corners. It has been, and is, the fashion to think that, on the whole, the metropolis is a huge conglomeration of uncompromising ugliness. This idea, indeed, has ripened into a sturdy, thorough-going, and completely British prejudice, to conquer which will perhaps require the sapping and mining of much argument, and a long bombardment from_ the batteries of reason. It is not so long ago that a well-known painter, in addressing some art students in the city, drew a mournful contrast between the London of the past and the London of the present, and there can be no doubt his hearers went home thoroughly convinced that, artistically at least) modern London is a Caliban amongst cities, out of which no inspiration of beauty or picturesqueness could ever come There is, of course, some truth underlying this belief. But there is quite an equal amount of falsehood ; and a mere glance round, with seeing eyes and appreciative mind and heart, will be sufficient to prove the statement. Suppose we begin in Thames-street, in itself not wanting jn those waverings and oddities and tricks of age which make a scene picturesque. The best time to see it is in the evening, when the bustle and hurry of Billingsgate have sub sided, and simmered down into something like quietness and 1 peace. If you glance up St. Dunstan'sflill, between Tower street and Little Thames-street, you will see a corner which you would scarcely imagine could exist in such a spot. On the summit of the short, steep hill is the church of St. Dunstan's in the East, with its scrap of churchyard and pleasant treeB, both combining and contrasting with the I modern, but irregular, buildings on either side. It would be hard to say just what there is in the scene to make it striking— for striking it certainly is. There is very little to commend in the church — whose steeple, the work of Wren, is an abject libel on that of St. Nicholas, Newcastleon Tyne— there is -less to commend in the houses on the bill. Yet the whole composes well, and in the twilight and still deep shadows is really beautiful and impressive. As one thus regards it, one can sympathise with the great classic architect ( who was very proud of this poor piece of Gothic restoration) when, on being told that a terrific tempest had one night ruined all the steeples in the city, he nervously replied, ' Not St. Dunstan'6, 1 am sure !' From St. Dunstan's Hill to London Bridge is but a step. The bridge and river have been written about time out of mind ; but the view from the Custom House corner of the former has always a never-failing interest, an attraction ever new. If anybody thinks that here in London we have little of God's and less of man's handiwork to inspire the artist and to interest the world, let him look for a moment on this scene of marvellous life, and feel ' the beauty and mysterv of the ships,' the silent onward hurrying of the water, the dull gloom of Emoke-drifts, and ghost-like beauty of distant mists, the vast shadows of endless lines of ware houses, and wonder of countless wharves — let him feel all this, and ask himself whether, even in the midst of its evi dence of poverty as well as wealth, degradation as well as splendour, weakness as well as power, there is not in it some subtle suggestion of better things, some poetical influence to soothe the heart and make town life a little worth living to both the painter and the ordinary citizen. Passing along Cheapside, on our way to Snow Hill, we note at the corner of Wood-street the familiar plane treei with its bright suggestions of rural life, and remember also the little thrush, whose cage hangs, or used to hang, in a queer, out-of-the-way corner, close by, where in the early morning, before the world's bustle had begun, the bird's sweet song might be heard, thrilling the air with passionate glad ness. The Wood-street thrush, indeed, has long been an insti tution; it was there in Wordsworth's day, as all may know who read his ballad of 'Poor Susan.' The tree is likely to be an institution also, for it is guarded from destruction by the terms of the lease of the neighbouring houses, the holders of which are not even allowed to build an additional storey that might prove injurious to it. This is as it should be. Would that other London trees were like protected . The sweeping changes resulting from the building of Holbom Viaduct has produced, amongst others, a whole crop of 'corners' opposite the Old Bailey, which also is fast losing its old-world air, and putting on a modem appearance hardly in keeping with its surroundings and tra ditions. But though much of the quaint interest which once belonged to the spot chosen by our artist has vanished, the new buildings fast rising up (though not, perhaps, in the best taste) are not unhandsome as things go, and from a corner of Snow Hill — down which, in Queen Anne's days of courtly polish and elaborate refinement, stray but struggling matrons were rolled helplessly in barrels by those desperate peste, the ' Mohocks' — a pleasant archi tectural picture may be viewed. In the background rises the dome of our great cathedral, instinct with airy grace and beautiful proportion ; nearer the squat strength and gloomy solidity of the walls of Newgate, topped and relieved by one of the western towers of St. Paul's ; and close at hand, the handsome Perpendicular tower and pinnacled facade of St. Sepulchre's Church, wherein lies the grave of the cele brated Captain John Smith, ' sometime Governour of Yirgina and Admirall of New England,' whose marvellous travels, captivities, sufferings, and escapes are ao dear to the Americans of to-day. Close by here also, to the left, the celebrated Cock Lane ghost carried on his mystic little games ; whilst equally near is Fie Comer, marking the spot where the Great Fire burnt itself out, and famous in the plays of Ben Jonson, Massinger, and Shad well. It is an easy walk from St. Sepulchre's to Smithfield, — which, in spite of wholesale changes and destruction, still retains many features of interest, and picturesque ' little bits,' such as the quaint Gothic gateway built up in the old houses facing the Market. The arch is Early English in style, and through the iron gate we can see the sooty and blackened churchyard, with its ghastly tombs, of St. Bar tholomew the Great, one of the best known and most interest ing churches in London. There are several old and dilapidated houses in the neighbourhood, culminating in the thoroughly tumbledown and picturesque 'corner' to be seen in Cloth Fair — a spot, indeed, which is well worth a visit, if only to convince one of its existence in this nine teenth century London. The whole of this ground is sacred with tradition, for it is part of the site of St. Bar tholomew's Priory, founded in the twelfth century by one Eahere, a ' pleasant witted gentleman.' Some idea of the grandeur of the original edifice may be gathered from the fact that the present church consists only of its choir, with the first bay of the nave, and some fragments of the tran septs. Even these remnants, however, are strikingly impressive; and, if ajjftce permitted, much might be written of them and the beautiful tombs and monuments which they contain. In Cloth Fair, it maybe mentioned, resided and worked at his trade of clothmaking the father of Inigo Jones, and the parish register of St. Bartholomew's-the-Less (also built by Bahere) records the baptism of the famous architect. The chief reason that Cloth Fair affords such a picturesque collection of ancient buildings is that it escaped the fire Tne houses are mostly of Elizabethan or Jacobean date, but some are yet older, having been built by that disreput able favourite of ' good' King Hal, Lord Rich, to whom the Priory was granted, with many privileges, at the dis solution of the monasteries. Canonbury Tower is another relic of vanishing London — i.e., the London that is, for Canonbury was quite separated from the City by pleasant open fields, and even now bears ome of its original quietude and rural repose. The tower is 58 feet high, and rises above the squares and houses of the modern suburb, almost unaltered. It is of rugged brick, and was in all probability built by Bolton, the last Prior but one of St. Bartholomew, to which the manor was given by Ralph do Berners before the time of Henry III. In 1670 it was bought from Lord Wentworth by Sir John Spencer, who appears to have restored it. Since then it was ' let in lodgings' to various literary men, who resorted thither 'for economy,' and the sake of the pure air. Among6t others, Chambers, the author of the 'Cyclopredia,'' John Newbury the publisher, and Oliver Goldsmith arfi recorded to have stayed here. There are some interesting old houses in Canonbury Place, behind the Tower, which is now leased to a Young Men's Christian Association. lteturning to Holborn, by way of Pentonville and Gray's Inn-road, we arrive at the corner of Gray's Inn- lane, now fast being metamorphosed out of its original meandering picturesqueness, and, it must be added, dirty squalor, into a broad, modern thoroughfare. Opposite is Staple Inn, with its gables of the time of James 1., and quaint, homely, comfortable architecture following the bend of the street This grand old house is almost unique, and may be said to be one of the sights of London. Its bold, projecting stories, and its innumerable windows of curious design, have a fresh charm in the midst of their modern surroundings. In the centre is an arched doorway, leading into the two irregular quadrangles of the Inn, so admirably, yet so differently described by Dickens in lC Edwin Drood,'' and by Nathaniel Hawthorne, who somehow strayed in here onhis first visit to London. Another quaint corner is that in Lincoln's Inn Fields, at the entrance to Clare Market. But if itis quaint it is also unutterably dirty, being a spot where costers most do con gregate, with their ragged, shoeless, mud-begrim3d, and generally unkempt offspring. Close by, though not shown in our illustration, is the well-known ' Old Curiosity Shop,' which, if we are to believe a recent writer in Scribner's Magazine, is the original of Dickens' b exquisitely pathetic story. Its chief curiosities now appear to be old books and mouldy and unsavoury-looking waste-paper. Seven Dials is perhaps too dirty, too deeply sunk in squalor and misery and degradation to be really picturesque ; yet it is not without something of .that quality, as our little sketch well enough shows. From Seven Dials to the corner of Bond-street is not a long distance, yet the contrast between the two could not I© greater. In the one all the evidence of poverty, coarseness, and vice ; in the other every sign of wealth and refinement ? if there is not exactly virtue, vice is at least bidden* And if, as many may say, the corner of Bond-street is want ing somewhat in the finer qualities of art and picturesqueness, still its influences scarcely drag one down, and some of them — those of brightness, prosperity, cheerful colour, and pleasant vivacity, have each their t?ood effects, and are not to be despised. 