THEATRE ROYAL, Once more have the amusement-seeking public been provided with a change of bill at the Theatre Royal, the transition on, this occasion being from light and entertaining opera to spectacular melodrama. The popular appetite for that which is ilSrt and that which is marvellous must, we presume, be fed at any cost, and the cost on this occasion seems to be the relinquishment of good musio and fair singing for a succession of scenic tableaux of a highly sensational order. The pations of the Royal were growing some • what tired of "Pinafore;" the "Pirates" had come to be regarded as a disreputable band of freebooters, and even the Major- General's many fascinating daughters would notmuoh longer have attraoted the orowded houses that sig nalised their advent at the Royal; henoe it be came necessary that Borne other novelty should take the boards, and the greatest novelty according to the verdict oE the Melbourneites was Bland Holt's Drury Lane speotaole entitled J" The World." The title in itself is so' extremely comprehensive that it disarms oriticism to its adaptability or suitability to the scenes presented in the play. Of course by " The World " we understand that the plot iB laid in the mundane sphere on whioh " we live, and move, and have our being," and this fact tostart with is reassuring. All that is presented before us Jpertains to this world of ours, and therefore is possible, if not highly probable. Had the play been called " The Misadventures of Harry Huntingford in search Of his inheritance," the title, though not so trite or so exhaustive as the monosyllable of the " World," would have been perhaps more appropriate to the occasion. The only reason why we can attaoh a significance in the name of the piece to the scenes that are re presented is that at the conclusion of the final tableau, after " the last dance, and the death of Mabel," " the world still goes on," but we opine that this circumstance would ocour even if there had been no last dance, and if Mabel had not given up the ghost. We have one idea with regard to the selection of the name of this play, and that is that " New Babylon" was a big piece; that London is a big place; that the world is a bigger place than London; and that " The World'' as a spectacular melodrama is some pumpkins bigger than "New Babylon." We think we have arrived at the cause of reasoning which led the author to assume that their play should draw larger houses than the sensational play of the same character which preceded it, and which Mr. Bland Holt placed before us not eo very long ago. Well, in a certain sense," The World" is a big thing. It is divided into four acts and nine tableaux, and we do not remember any other piece in whioh there are so many piotorial scene- settings as in " The World." The characters, also, are very numerous, though but few of them are promi nent. - The plot we have previously detailed. More than the usual allowances for an opening night must be made for the first representation of this spectacular drama, whioh will no doubt win the plaudits of crowded assemblages of sensation lovers, when all the paraphernalia of the play is in good working order. Some ef the scenes are exceedingly well contrived, and are painted with the artistic skill that distin guishes' the pencil "of Mr. Heunings. The changes . are numerous and rapid, and the audience have not time to linger over or discuss the effects of one scene before another of more striking import is placed before them. In the first act we have a vessel leaving Cape Town with conspirators on board, who are con cerned in a great diamond fraud. Then we see them at sea jnst before the disoovery is made that an infernal machine has been seoreted on board amongst some bales of wool. An explosion follows, the flames burst forth, aud envelope the doomed steamer, and all on board perish except four souls, who esoape on a raft. The raft soene is most realistic and impressive. All aronnd the wreoked ones is a waste of water; one dies and consigns to the keeping of Huntingford a bag of dia monds,but a small pitcher of fresh water is more precious than the gems, and the villain Bash ford struggles with Sir Clement to obtain the last drop. "While they are fighting a vessel oomes to their rescue, and the curtain descends amidst the plaudits of all present. Then we have the scenes of the Royal Aquarium where certain villanies are concocted; the great hotel where one of the characters comes to grief by a fall down the "lift," a " river retreat,""or private asylum for the inBane to whioh Sir Cle ment has been consigned by his brother, but from which be makes his escape, aud then a fancy dreBB ball in a casino where the rightful heir comeB to his own and villany meets with its reward. In the last-named scene the company ate picturesquely attired in masker's garb, and the scene is a glittering and gay finale to Hun tingford's search for his own. The leading character in the play is a scheming Israelite Moss Jewell (alias Isdore de Montmorency) who is portrayed with great cleverness by Mr. Bland Holt. Moss Jewell is a scoundrel of the most rascally type, but his smart sayings and daring scheming give life and vigor to ■- the scenes in wbioh he appears, and the actor came in for a large Bbare of merited ap plause for the impersonation. Mary Blythe (Miss Lena Edwin) is the heroine who is iulove with Harry Huntingford, but we suppose after his death marries hiB brother. Mr. Jordan, as the Harry referred to, appeared with good effect as the "polished unprincipled ruffian who usurped his brother's title aud fortune, and then sought to compass his death. Mr. Vincent as the good Sir Clement, who divides the water ou the raft, who iB inosreerated in the madhouse, and who foils all the attempts upon his life, and finally wins his title and estates, admirably sus • tained the many trials through which he passed, and deservedly gained the approbation of the auditory. Mr. Douglass, who had the thankless part of the villain Bashford, was also very effective, and Miss Myrv Kembie, who made her reappearance as Mabel Huntingford, dressed with great taste, and displayed her emotional talents in the more important scenes in a manner whioh gained for her floral and other favors. Miss Merton as Mrs. MoNab, and Miss Lena Ellis as the boy Ned O wen, also deserve a word of commendation. 