iiMWMBgtyi urn... , „, nuna,. m.1 THE MYSTERIOUS ORGANIST. A Legend of the Rhine. Kind hearts are more than coronets, And simple faith than Norman blood. Years ago, at a grand old cathedral over looking the Rhine, there appeared a mysterious organist. The great composer who had played the organ so long had sud denly died, and everybody, from the king to the peasant, was wondering who could be found to fill his place. One bright Sunday morn, as the sexton entered the church, he saw a stranger sitting at the crape- shrouded organ. He was a tall graceful man, with a pale but .strikingly handsome face, great : black melancholy eyes, and hair like a raven's j Wing for gloss and colour, sweeping in dark ; waves over his shoulders. - He did not seem ; to notice the sexton, but went on playing ; , , and such music as he drew from the instru- ment no words can describe. The astonished | listener declared that the organ seemed to \ have grown human — that it wailed and sighed | and clamoured. When the niu sip at length i ceased, the sexton hastened to the stranger ; and said : ' Pray, who are you, sir ?' : '"Do not ask my name,' he replied. ' I have heard that you are in want of an organist, and have come here on trial.' 4 You'll be sure to get the place,' exclaimed the sexton. ' Why, you surpass him that's I dead and gone, sir.' "jwo, no — you overrate me, resumed the stranger, with a sad smile ; and then, as if j disinclined to conversation, he turned from ; old Hans and began to play again. And now j the music changed from a sorrowful strain to ' a grand old ptean. and the myoterious organist, | Looking upward, full of grace, j Prayed till from a ha; py place ; God's glory smote him on the face, j and his countenance seemed not unlike that 1 of Saint Michael, as portrayed by Guido. Lost in the harmonics which swelled around him, he sat with his far-seeing gaze fixed on the distant sky — a glimpse of which he caught through an open window — when there was a stir about the church, and a royal party came sweeping in. Among them might be seen a young girl, with blue eyes like the violet hue, and lips like wild cherries. This was the Princess Elizabeth, and all eyes turned to her as she seated herself in the velvet -cushioned pew appropriated to the court. No sooner hacl the music reached her ears than she started as if a ghost had crossed her path. The bloom faded from her cheek, her lips quivered, and her whole frame grew tremulous. At last ner eyes met those of the organist, in a long yearning look; and then the melody lost its joyous notes, and once more wailed and sighed and clamoured. By my faith,' whispered the king to his daughter, - this organist has a master hand. Hark ye, he shall piay at your wedding !' The pale lips of the princess parted, but she could not speak— she was dumb with grief. Like one in a painful dream, she saw the pale man at the organ, and heard tlie melody which Ailed the vast edifice. Ay, fall well she knew who he was, and why the instrument seemed breathing out the agony of a tortured heart. When the service was over, and' the royal party had left the cathedral, he stole away as mysteriously as he had come. He was not seen again by the sexton until the vesper hour, and then he appeared in the organ-loft and commenced his task. While he played, a veiled figure glided in and knelt near the shrine. There she knelt till the worshippers dispersed, when the sexton touched her oh the shoulder, and said : ' Madame, everyone has gone except you and me,-and I wish to close the door.' ' I am not ready to go yet,' was the reply ; leave me — leave me.' The sexton drew back into a shady niche, and watched and listened. The mysterious organist still kept his plaee, but his head was bowed upon tlie instrument, "and he coula not see the lone devotee. As length she rose from the aisle, and moving to the organ-loft, paused before the musician ; Bertram !' she murmured. Quick as thought the organist raised his head. There, with the light of a lamp sus pended to the arch above falling upon her, stood the»princess who had graced the royal pew that day. The court-dress of velvet, with its soft ermine trimmings; the tiara, the neck lace, and the bracelets had been exchanged for a gray serge robe and a long, thick veil, which was now pushed back from the fair girlish face. ' Oh, Elizabeth, Elizabeth !' ejaculated the organist, as he sank at her feet, and gazed vrrio+fnll vr ?nfn lim PCS Why are you here, Bertram ?' asked the princess. ' I came to bid you farewell ; and as I dared not venture into the palace, I gained access to the cathedral by bribing the bell-ringer, and, having taken the seat of the dead organist, let my music breathe out the adieu I could not trust my lips to utter.' ' A low moan was the answer and he con tinued : You are to be married on the morrow ?' ' Yes,' thejgirl sobbed. Oh, Bertram, what a trial it will.be to stand at yonder altar and take UDon me the vows which will doom me to a living death !' ' Think of me,' rejoined the organist. Your royal father has requested me to play at the wedding, and I have promised to be here. If I were your equal I could be the bridegroom instead of the organist ; but a poor musician must give>ou up.' - It is like rending body and soul asunder to part with you,' said the girl. ' To-night I - tell you this — tell you how fondly I -love you — but in a few hours it will be a sin. Go, go; and God bless you !' - She waved him from her, as if she would banish him while she had the power to do so. And he, how was. it with him ? He rose to leave -her, then came back, held her to his heart in one long embrace, and, with a half- smothered farewell, left her. v The next morning dawned in cloudless splendour, and at an eaily hour tlie cathedral . was thrown open, and the sexton began fe? pre pare for thebrilliant wedding. Fi ame'-eui ouvei : flowers waved by the wayside ; fiame-Coloured leaves came rushing down from the frees, fthfl fey itt light heaps upon the ground, and the ripe wheat waved like a golden sea, apd i - . 'h berries drooped in red ad purple cluster over the rocks along the Rhine. At length the palace gates were opened, and the royal party appeared, escorting the Prin cess Elizabeth to the cathedral where her marriage was to be solemnised. It was a brave pageant ; far brighter than the un twined foliage and blossoms were the tufts of plumes which floated from stately heads, - and the festal robes that streamed down over the housings of the superb steeds. But the princess, mounted on a snow-white palfrey, and clad in snow-white velvet, looked pale and sal ; and when, on nearing the church, ' she heard a gush of organ music, which, though jubilant in sound, struck on her ear like a funeral knell, she trembled, and would have fallen had hot a page supported her.. A few moments afterward she/entered the cathedral. There, with his retinue, stood t the bridegroom, whom she had never before seen.- But her glance roved from him to the organ-loft, where she had expected to see the mysterious jorganist. He was gone; and she was obliged to return the graceful- bow of the king, to whom she had been betrothed from motives of policy. Mechanically she knelt at his side on the altar- stone : mechanically lis tened to the service and made the responses. Then her husband drew her to him iu a con vulsive embrace, and whispered : Elizabeth, my queen, my wife, look up !' Trembling in every limb, she obeyed. "Why did those dark eyes thrill her so ? Why did that smile bring a glow on her cheek 2 Ah ! though the king wore the purple, and illdiU-J C Jt. WCiiAjrU Uidcl htlUCU -A -LU.O UlCaOf) he seemed the same humble person who had been employed to teaoh organ music, and had taught her the lore of love. 'Elizabeth,' murmured the monarch, 'Ber tram Hoffman, the mysterious organist, and I King Oscar are one ! Forgive my stratagem. | I wished to marry you, but I'wculd not drag | to the altar an unwilling bride. Your father was in the secret.' ; While tears of joy rained from her blue ! eyes, the new-made queen returned her hus band's fond kiss, and lor once two hearts were made happy by a royal marriage. — Argonaut. 