iiiimom'. ' ? ? -ll.l . . , . — — SOME DIFFICULTY ABOUT THE CALLS. 11 Now, my dear,' said Mr, Spoopondyke, u lot mo soo tho list of latlicB you want mo to call on. I really don't oaro to go around muoh, but a man ought to do what his wifo wanta him to do on Now Year's Day. Whoro'B IholiBlP' ' Hero it is,' said Mrs. Spoopondylo, fluttering around with hor lialr in hor mouth. ' I wroto thom all out with tho addroBsoa for yon, no you wouldn't havo any trouble.' ' What makes von tint old Rintm- TVinh nt the hoad of tho list ?' growled Mr. Spoopon dyke. ' She's got a Jwart on lior ohin tho. elzo of a fire-boll, and sho oan't talk anything bnt the advantages of ogg over stove ooal tot heating the Sunday sohool.' ' Bnt sho belongs to tho ohnroh, and I don't believo anyono eloo will oall on hor.' reasoned Mrs. Spoopondyko. ' Sho will be tiokled to death to seo you.' ' What do yoa think I'm starting ont lor?' demanded Mr. Spoopondyko, vory fiorooly. 'Got an idoa I'm going around liko a missionary to Joarry tho gospol to people overybody else ia afraid of? , Who's thia? What's thiB socond namo horo ? Who's Mrs. Shklymbretov ?' « That's Mrs. Wolverton. I promised hor you would oall. Never mind Mrs. Lamb, bnt yon ought to oall on Mrs. Wolverton.' ' What for ? What has she got in com mon with mo, exoept that h«r hemes aro hollow ? She dou't know tho difference betweonr a Guinea pig and thn burning of JoruBalem. Always wants to know if I didn't think that Sodom and Gomorrah wero parables. Ia that tbo kind ol list you've made out? Want me to run arouud among tho old monuments ? Who's Miss Swash 1' ' That's Mrs. Smith, tho little widow. You know she's interested in sending womon out west to get husbands. She'll amuBe you.' ' She will II she sees ran. She'll make me laugh liko a hyena il ahe Rets one eya on me. Who's that yellow-headed girl that sits two pews in Iront ol us? I'd call on her, now.' ' She'e a little ohlt ol a thing. You don't waut to'run aftor thosa young people— a man ol your age.' ' What's the reason I don't?' howled Mr. Spoopandyke. ' Got un idea that I only care for the tough old people, havon'fc you? Think I'm a sort of Plymouth llock, don't you? Got any more old landmarks that need inspection 7' j 'i don't oaro i' remonstrated Mrs. apoo pondyke; ' they're nice peoplo, and I like to cultivate them. They may be along iu life, but they can't help it.' ' Cultivate 'em, 11 you want to,' growled Mr. Spoopendyke ; ' but if you think I'm going hoeing around among 'nm on tho lBt of January, you're loft. What d'ye want . to cultivate 'em 1 or ? With your frionds * and ideas, you only need weekly prayers and an nlarm of fire to be un old woman's home. Who else have you got hore ? Mrs. Sllggonaprutt, Mrs. Wonten slough, Miss Klmptf — ' ' You don't road thom right at all,' complained Mre. Spoopendyke. ' That's Mrs. SUverspoon, and Mrs. Worthlngton, and MitB Hemmingway. Thay aro just aa nice as they can be.' tf A J.1. « ~1/1 ...1. ~ howl in tho choir P' asked Mr. Spoopon dyko, sternly. 'Thoy'vo got a grandson old enough to bo my father.' 'Thoy havon't,' sobbed Mrs. Stoopen dyko. ' You know hotter.' 'Well, most of 'em have. What d'yo want mo to call on thom for? Got any moro old almanacs expecting mo ? Whoro's theSphinxs? You haven't got tho Sphinx down here, nor tho Tower of Babol. Who'ro these other pyramids P Who's Mrs. Upsidedown F' ' That's Mrs. Edgerton. She sent you . the jelly whon you wero sick, and you said she was the best woman in Brooklyn. You'll havo to call on her for politeness, ' said Mrs. Spoopendyke, severely. 'I won't either I' shouted Mr. Spoopen uyso. 'xno- jeny waB sour, ana Bnemaao I me pay a dollar toward a plaister of Paris ? j angel for a atarving family ont in Flatbnsh. I Who's this othor nurse of Georgo Washing- . | ton's ? Here, this iB a mistake ; I went to old Miss Sohumslook's funeral thirty yoars ago.' 'Yon didn't! You never did 1' proclaimed Mis. Spoopendyke, thoroughly aroused. 'That isn't hor name either. It's Miss Sohofield, and she is the best friend I've got. I only want — ' ' ' I know what yon want,' hissed Mr. Spoopondyko. 'You want a few moro acquaintances, and a map to be a guide book to anoient Troy. Think I am goiug to call on that old monolith P Got anything here that belongs to modern times? Know any body who has been dug up within six or eight oentnries ? Who'B that blaok- eyed girl in the Bible olaas ? Don't she hang ont a flag to-day?' 'I wouldn't look at her,' sniffod Mrs. . Spoopendyke ; ' I wouldn't havo yon go ' there lor worlds. Besides, she dou't rooeivo.' ' What's thiB ?' demanded Mi. Spoopen dyke. 'What's Mrs. Wimpqstvxq got to do with it? What cemetery will I find her in ?' ' That's Mrs. Willoughby,' explained Mrs. Spoopendyke, oompluoently. ..'She's tha , young widow who xeoently joined the ohnroh.' 'I don't mind calling on her,' said Mr. Spoopendyke. ' Sho wasn't born more'n i four thousand years before tho Christian iera. Got any more like herp Does this ! measly list contain anybody else who 'wasn't the mother of the Chinese Empire ? Think of any more gravestones that haven't 'had tho epitaphs worn off?)' ' No,' replied Mrs. Spoopendyke, coldly ; and, now I remember, Mrs. Willoughby receives oallB with friends in Buffalo.' ' Dod gast your dod pasted list 1' howled !Mr. Spoopendyke, dancing on tho unhappy .document. 'What d'ye think I am— a ; ghoul P S'pose I'm going to pranoo around among all the measly old ghosts in Brook lyn P S'pose I'm going to Bwash around and eat oako. and drink lemonade with a 1 lot of illustrations of the Silurian period? ?Think I'm going to spend ;the day with a. ' .lot of articulated old skeletons just because i they belong to the same ohurch that I do P' ?and Mr. Spoopendyke popped out of the ' house like a bung, and went next door to see if his friend Tortorthumb knew any ! mummies of whoso history there was souie , tradition. 'I don't care,' said Mrs. Spoopendyke, ; as sho whirled around two or threo times to practice kicking her train, 'if he don't; oall on the ohuroh peoplo they'll be hopping 'mad, and if ho does he won't havo muoh ot! ! a time, so he'll wiBh He waB dead either way.' — Brooklyn Eagle. ? . Mask. Twain says he has just received a ' letter from one of ' our fellow savages in ~ ? tho Sandwich Islands.' .It appears to be a -most interesting epistle. One passage ' - runB: 'A certain legislator was very ' - much put out on account oc the recent not. ? ' I He- was put out of a two- Btorey window.' ? ' . Some lime sinco a onr used 'to go from Wioklow to Dublin, and us the maro was found to travel muoh more briskly under the influenoo ol ;a glass of whisky, the habitual travellers subscribed to supply her , ; with this stimulant. Traveller:, 'Pat^the. maro won't .go at. all to- day. You rogue, you did not give . her; the drop.' Driver : ' Well, yonr honour, I'll tell no lie. It was an awiul oowld mornin', and I wanted s - dhrop meself as bad aB her, so we toBBed lot It, and sore I won the toss.' ? ssi. 