THE ABDUCTED. CHAPTER XXII. Art thou a spirit of health, Or goblin damned? — SHAKESPEARE. We left Mina standing transfixed with horror, terror, and amazement on the threshold of the dressing-room of the 'Blue Chamber.' This small apartment communicated by a glass door with what was commonly called the Haunted Room. It was what, in the olden time, was denominated a light closet, but was what we should now simply call adress ing-room. Directly opposite the glass door, but inside, in the Blue Chamber, hung the full-length portrait of that Woodhnrst of Woodhurst, the Cavalier of Charles's time, who had been murdered by a Puritan lover of his sister's. Generally, some faded old blue silk blinds that met in the middle halfway up the glass door, and which could be drawn or undrawn at pleasure, concealed the greater part of the Blue Chamber; but, as Mina gazed with horror on a sort of ghastly light that filled the inner room, the blinds were withdrawn, and that by no visible hand. Mina, glancing wildly into the Blue Chamber, there saw what she believed to be the form of her murdered ancestor, in his blue Court suit of the time of Charles the Second, with the long, flowing auburn hair, the crimson gash across the throat, the Spanish hat and plume pulled down over the pale face, the deformed figure, the ruffles, red-heeled shoes, and sword. The figure stepped down from the frame in the shadow at the further extremity of what had been the State bed-chamber, and, turning his crooked back upon her, proceeded with a long, white wand, to conjure up a sort or phantasmagoria, on which Mina gazed. The first scene that appeared on what seemed to be an expanse of snowy white, was the collision of two steamers on a vast river. This scene, then, almost in the manner of dissolving views, changed or melted into the wreck of both steamers, and that scene, in its turn, to the vision of one figure — that of a strong swimmer in his agony, who sank to rise no more, and then cried aloud in wild despair, 'Oswald Egerton!' The scene changed to a London street, and a little girl, wasted and wan, but in whom Mina recognised Mary, was lying on a door-step asleep. In the next scene a figure appeared, deformed and limping. It is — it must be — Gaspar Monntjoy! He raised Mary in his arms. In the following one he is seen, restoring her to a weeping lady, in whom Mina beholds herself. In the last scene Gaspar Mounting kneels to this vision of Mina, Mary joins their hands, and the phantasmagoria is at an end. Mina still stood gazing intently where the fignre of her ancestor seemed to be moving slowly towards her. At the horror she felt all self-posses sion forsook her; she uttered a piercing scream, and sank lifeless on the floor. How long she remained there she never knew. When she came to herself she was lying on, not in, her own bed. Her first impression, when she woke (the morning sun pouring his rays through the window which she had herself unshrouded to look at the moon at night) was that she had had some hideous dream or frightful nightmare. She was very cold, her limbs ached, she shivered, and felt very ill. She contrived to get into bed, and endeavoured to banish all that she had seen from her mind as an idle, horrible dream but she could not do it. The more she dwelt; on it the more convinced she was that she had been into the so-called Haunted Wing, and had 'seen events past and present' shadowed forth by the Ghost of the Blue Chamber. She felt in her bosom for the mysterious parchment which contained the invitation that had induced her to visit the Haunted Wing. It was gone! Mina (like Hamlet) was in a very morbid state of mind, and 'out o£ her weakness and her melancholy'— as he (the evil one) is very potent with such spirits — it might be that some influence was working out her destruction. All she could deduce from what she had seen bad was the cer tainty that Oswald Egerton was drowned; that little Mary was a beggar in the streets of London; that Gaspar Mountjoy was destined to find and to restore the child to her; and that her own hand was to be his reward. 'Oh! that it were indeed a dream!' she said to herself, as she tossed about in the restlessness of incipient fever. 'I cannot, cannot marry Gaspar; and yet my doing so may be the condition of my recovering little Mary. Poor child! how wasted, how wan she looked, asleep on that cold stone step! Oh! horrible, too horrible! Yet I dread the very thought of wedding Gaspar. Oh! save me, save me!' By degrees the fever gained ground. Mina lay burning hot, with a very rapid pulse, eyes on fire, parched lips, a raging thirst, and thoughts wildly confused. Yes, Mina lay talking incoherently about the Ghost of the Blue Chamber, raving of Oswald, Mary, and Gaspar Mountjoy. And when Aunt Tabby, surprised at her non-appearance at the breakfast-table, came to inquire the cause, she found her in a brain fever, and, of course, quite delirious. In that alarming state Mina rambled on about Oswald Egerton, the sea, and the shipwreck; and called on all around her to save her Oswald — her love — her loving one! Then she would mourn-over the loss of Mary, and cry, 'See \- see — there she is! wan, faint with cold and hunger — poor, poor child — asleep on a doorstep. Save her! Save her, Gaspar! Bring her to me; I will warm her in my bosom! But go! Go! Go! Come not near me. I cannot love you. You were not made to win a woman's love. Ha! ha! ha! 'Yet, spite of all that nature did To make his uncouth form forbid. 'This creature dared to love,' she would say — or rather sing, sitting up in bed; her long, black hair wildly streaming over the white pillows; her large, black eyes rolling; her beautiful cheeks flushed; wringing her white hands, clapping them, and trying to spring out of her bed, as she would say, 'Hist! hist! hist! Is it half-past twelve? If so, I must go to the Blue Chamber.' Mr. Woodhurst, who was in town at the time, was sent for. He brought with him the physicians most celebrated in mental maladies. They gave little hope. But in spite of their prognostics and their efforts to get Mr. Woodhurst to consent to, the removal of his beautiful and only child to a private lunatio asylum, kept by themselves, she, when they had retired in high dudgeon, prophesy ing confirmed lunacy, gradually recovered; and Ladybird, Aunt Tabby, and Gaspar Mountjoy, who had watched her with an tiring devotion, were amply rewarded for all their care, when her fine face regained its mournfully-calm expression, her voice its natural softness, and her manners their tender dignity and grace. Ever since the great and double shock which Mina had received from the sudden news of Oswald Egerton's death, and of the abduction of Mary, her nervous system had been much weakened. The brain-fever, and the long illness. that ensued, increased that debility, and any great excitement now always affected her brain and brought on a return of cerebal excitement and a fever on the spirits. But after the severe illness caused by the horror and terror she had felt in the ante-room of the Blue Chamber, she rallied sooner than any one who knew the circumstances could have supposed possible. Naturally of that dreamy, visionary, impres sionable temperament that predisposes to super stition, she did not attempt to explain away, by any natural agency, the mystery of the black- letter summons, on the old musty parchment, which she had found on the music-desk of the organ, nor of the still more appalling appearance of the Ghost of the Blue Chamber, and the revela tions of the phantasmagoria which he had ex hibited to her. When she was well enough to think it over, and to ponder it in her mind, she felt convinced that those manifestations were vouchsafed to her to confirm the report of Oswald Egerton's death, and by conveying to her the fact that Mary was still living, though in want and misery, as a little wanderer in the streets of London, to rouse her to active measures for the recovery of that beloved child. So far she ad mitted — but the suggestion conveyed by the clos ing scene, that she should reward Gaspar Mount joy for restoring little Mary to her by marrying him, that she could not contemplate for a moment. She liked him as a friend, almost as a brother, but she loathed the thought of him as a lover or a husband. And yet she resolved to open her heart to him, and ask him to do his best, both by advice to her and active endeavours of his own, to discover the fate of Mary; not only to decide on the measures to be used for that sweet child's recovery, but to take upon himself the task of seeing them adopted It was the summer time when little Mary had been stolen away, and now it was spring, the first of May— a first of May, too, that would have suited the Poet-Laureate of the Queen of Months, in those times when May was a queen. There was no one at Woodhurst Court just then but Aunt Tabby. Mr. Woodhurst was very much in town, and intensely engrossed by great mer cantile speculations. Mrs. Lackaday was gone to stay with Mrs. Mountjoy (Gaspar's mother) who had been afflicted by a paralytic stroke, and though Mrs. Lackaday could be of no use to any one in that miserable state, or indeed, in any other, yet, as Aunt Tabby could not leave Mina, and Mrs. Bussel would not leave Mr. Bussel, though he offered to do without her, Mrs. Lacka day was despatched as better than nothing to keep watch by her sister Mountjoy's sofa. Mina was still very delicate, as yet only con valescent, but lovelier than ever in the almost transparent delicacy of her snowdrop complexion, the fever- flush on her cheek, and the lustre of her large black eyes. She had resolved, as Gaspar was with his mother, to write to him and tell him how intense was her anxiety about her little protege, Mary, and to ask him, on his return to town, to see whatever people were likely to be able to discover the child's hiding-place, and to spare no expense in advertisements and researches of all kinds. She meditated advising him to apply to magistrates, lawyers, detectives, &c.;, &c;, and to offer a considerable reward for any tidings of Mary and the apprehension of the wretch or wretches who had trepanned her. CHAPTER XXIII. Thou art gone to the grave; but we will not deplore thee, Since God was thy refuse, thy guardian, and guide. He gave thee. He took thee; and soon will restore thee Where Death hath no sting, for the Saviour hath died. Bishop Heber. And where is Mary ? where has she been dur ing Mina's long illness and tedious convalescence? Is she as her kind-hearted patronness beheld her in that vision or phantasmagoria in the Blue Chamber? Is she wandering, faint with hunger, pale, footsore, wan and wasted, about the streets of London? No! Mary continued to dwell with Mrs. Toddles, who — a model working-man's wife — awaited her 'master's' return to 'select an opinion for her,' and decide what was to be done about the little, docile, loving, gentle girl. And when Joe did come he found his wife's heart-strings so closely twined with Mary's, and beheld so much that was good, both in example and precept in the dear little girl, that he at once decided she should remain with them. He had reason to be very glad that he had come to that decision, for all his elder girls were in service, earning their own living, and when Mrs. Toddles was confined there was no one to do anything for the little ones and himself but Mary. But a great grief was lying in wait for Joe, and it was while under its paralysing influence that Mary began (child though she was) to fulfil her woman-mission, to watch, to wait, to soothe, to comfort. One night, while Mrs. Toddles was still very ill in bed with a very deep-red, tiny baby by her side, Rosy complained of headache, sickness, cold shivers, and very sore throat. 'Whatever ails thee, my wench ?' said Toddles. 'Thee looks all manners of colours, and, my eye! how thee do shake. I hope thee aint caught the fever that's going about.' 'Hush,' s aidMary, 'hush, please, or mammy'll hear you, and maybe get a fright, and she's very bad herself to-day. What is it, Rosy, dear?' she whispered, as Rosy, generally so full of frolic, came and rested her burning, aching head on Mary's little shoulder. 'Shall I put you to bed, Rosey ?' said Mary, ' and bring you a good hot cup of tea?' 'Yes, Mary; I am too bad to sit up,' said Rosy, and Mary led her into a little inner-room and un dressed her, and tucked her up, and brought her some tea, all noiselessly, softly, making a sign to Mr. Toddles not to speak, and all anxiety lest her mammy, who had fallen asleep, should be dis turbed or frightened. But all little Mary's precautions were of no avail. Rosy became rapidly worse, and the three younger children were seized in the night with the same symptoms, premonitory of that terrible scourge — malignant scarlet fever. It was impossible to conceal this terrible dis aster from the watchful mother, lying restless and excited herself, very weak and ill, in an adjoining room. The doctor came, and pronounced the disease to be all both Mr. and Mrs. Toddles most dreaded. He adviced that on no account the absent children out at service should be sent for. He was a kind man, and suggested that Mary should be removed; but who could be asked to take charge of a child coming from a house where raged malignant scarlet fever? It was not to be thought of, and Mary begged to be allowed to stay to nurse Rosy, and not Rosy alone — the other little ones de manded constant attention, and no nurse could be found who would venture into the infected home of the Toddles's. Joe and little Mary were their nurse, and poor Mrs. Toddles, when she understood the terrible truth, and the full extent of the peril burst upon her, would leave her bed and help to tend the little sufferers. Rapid indeed was the progress in this poor and crowded neighbourhood of this wholesale des troyer, who is no respecter of persons, but sweeps away the cherished little ones of the rich and great as remorselessly as he does those of the ill fed, ill-clothed, ill- housed poor. In many a house in the Broadway and in the back streets of West minster lay some poor fever-stricken sufferers. Grim Death and his malignant agent went hand in hand into almost every home. On the fifth day poor Rosy's life was despaired of. Mary, who loved Rosy tenderly, wept silently, and prayed inwardly by the little bed. Mrs. Toddles had herself been taken very ill with the premonitory symptoms of scarlet fever, and the two little children were scarcely expected to live. Joe, who so loved the wife and bairns he had worked so hard to maintain, sat by the fire, his arms folded on the table, his face hidden in those strong arms, his breast heaving convulsively be neath his fustian jacket, and blinding tears delug ing his bronzed and sunburnt face. A woman had at length been found and sent by the doctor to see to Mrs. Toddles and the baby, and she had made some tea and cut some bread and butter, and placed some of both before the miserable Toddles, with the words, 'Cheer up, measter — don't 'ee give way. Where there's life there's hopes.' Meanwhile, Mary, kneeling like a guardian angel by Rosy's little pillow, saw the moon rise, and her beams steal into the room and reveal the altered features of what had been the chubby, ruddy, joyous, wilful Rosy. Rosy was in a sort of comatose sleep, breathing with great difficulty, her face contracted by frequent spasms, her lips— once twin cherries— black and swollen, her skin scarlet, her hands clenched. By degrees, as little Mary watched and prayed, her simple, childish prayer, that God would ease poor Rosy'a pain, a change came over this young sufferer's face— the features relaxed — the hands unclosed — they had been clutching at the sheets— the short gasps gave way to a longer respiration. Rosy opened her eyes, and said, 'Mary, Mary, good-bye. I am going home.' * Oh, Rosy,' sobbed Mary, ' what do you mean? Aint this your home?' ' No. This is a dear, dear home; and daddy a dear, kind daddy, and mammy's a dear, good mammy. But I've a better home still, Mary, and a Father in Heaven calls me away; and, Mary, it's you as has made me a good gal, and fit to go to it. I never thinked much about Jesus and my sins, and he a-dying for to save I, till you comed here and told I if I'd been ever so bad I'd be for gived if I believed and repented; and I does be lieve I've seen it all in a dream, Mary, and I does' repent, and I feels I'm forgivedj and it's all owing to you, Mary. Mary,' she cried, 'come nearer me, nearer, bring a cotton candle. I can't see your face. Come;' and she sat up in bed, and wildly opened her arms. 'Come, kiss poor Rosy, and say good-bye. Call daddy! call mammy! Where's Bill — where's Nan — wherever is 'em all? I wants 'em all to know that, though I grieves to leave 'em, I feels I am but going afore. Some's afeared to die. Old Poll wos, but if she seed the things I did just now in my sleep, the Heaven opening, and angels, and Our Saviour, and all welcoming I, she'd not be afeared. I hope daddy, and mammy, and all will see what I see. Mammy! Daddy! Bill! Nan!' No one answered the call but the poor father. Good-bye, daddy! All aowing to Mary and what she teached me, I'm forgived. I feels I'm forgived, though I've often been a very bad gal to you and mammy, and shouldn't never have been no other, maybe, if Mary hadn't come, and then I tried to copy she, and she told me about things I'd heard of at school, but I never thinked serious about all that's in the Testament, and now I sees it all clear, so clear, daddy. I go to Jesus — good bye — bless all — bless Mary.' With those words Rosy fell back on her pillow, and her penitent, pardoned, and trusting spirit passed away. 