THE MEMBER FOR MITCHELL '?Bohemian' in to-day's Weeh says :— De Sntge is the new member for the Mitchell. The returns of the polling are not all in at the time 2 am writing, but i'. is impossible for them to reduce hiH majority I to a minority. Tho fuuuy thing about tho ?nrlinln t.liinrr to me is the fuss that the minis terialist newspapers have made about it. Anyone reading those papers and hsving no personal knowledge of the man would think Be Sotge was a very important personage in the political world of Queensland, find likely to exeroine neujuuuuuo hiuucui-d ?« -?«« 1 Legislative Assembly. This ' chow- row about his election cannot fail to make him more self-conceited than ever, which is quite unnecessary, seeing that he had about six ordinary men's share of that commodity before I know tho crentle youth quite well, and bad the high honour of reporting his utterances in Parliament for three or four I sessions. I never could see anything heroio about bun. lie nas a aeep tuowu c»''j- tion that there aro only twa or three really able men in Queensland, and Oscar de Sntge lieada the list ; but, st- ance to say, I never heard or read of any other person man woman, or child— who entertained the same opinion. Ho was one of the insignificant members of the Assembly, who ?were ftll always complaining that they were not fully reported, or complaining of beinu inisreported if the reporters ventured toloava outBonno of the personalities they induloe in. A «wy small personage indeed, us a politician, wns De Satce when in Parlia ment before. What the dickens the Minis, terial party is so frightened at over his elec tion this time is more than I can make out, unless it be that lin haa been let into Minis terial secrets which he may blurt out and make things awkward that way. Lumley Hill may have pnt him up to some of the Ministerial 'takes' tnao ainomaii '»»»™8' talks about, and now the hiph- spinted Lumley has joined him, they may mako tvoubll by exposing these 'fakes.' Beyond that I Peo nothing for th-- squatting party to I fear and tremble over. He and Lumley may form apolitical cave o£ Adullam, to which every member of the party who is m distress, and every one who is discontented, may gather themselves unto tbem-but what K..-pu i^nii»mitfis w list 1 bo 'bet- ween the Dovil and the Atop sea,' as far as oolitics are oonoornea. On the one hand will bo the Premier, with his gigantic and highly hazardous spodulations- and on the othor 'the Queens-street mob'-aud no ghost of a obanco of forming a third tarty, from _the oross-benches or anywhere else. Bat i .dp °nt think it will come to that. De Satge is a ll- ..- -- *r A Tirudont man. where his own [?] The whole of tho wharves at St. Louis, in America, wo »ow illuminated after dark by tte Seotrio light, so that the loading of steaw'Tgoea on day and night without a mnmcnt'B interruption. 