TBE POSITION OF TBE POPE IK BOME. The not which took place not long since in Rome, at midnight, when tbe remains of Pius IX. were being removed from tbe Vatican to the Cburch of St. Lorenzo, was from asy porot of view a deplorable and even a scandalous occurrence ; but its true importance is likely to arise from some delicate and difficult ques tions which it has forced hrto prominence. But for the special position of the Pope, its consequences 'would soon cease to be felt. There is no reason to suppose, though asser tions to tiie contrary are strongly made, that my large portion of the population of Eome took part in it. Tbe Pope indeed will have it that the 'faithful Romans.'1 or, in other words, die bulk of the citizens, rose from their beds spootaneoudf to escort to bis grave their late beloved and injured Sovereign, and were shamefully insulted and disturbed in then grief by & haadf al of miscreants. The spokes men of tiie rioters equally take the natae of the Roman population in vain, and insist that the whole people, outraged by tbe honours paid to tbe enemy of tfeeir principles, by a small band of superstitious fanatics, made an innocent demonstration merely to show the strengtb of their feelings and convictions. But it is now well established that the monmen wbo accompanied the funeral were not many, and its disturbers very few, the first consistuig of well-known zealots for the old system, and tbe last of that disorderly residuum which every revolution leaves behind it, because the men who compose it are not really capable of being satisfied by any political change. Nevertheless, tbe attack made on the coffin and funeral bain through several of its results, aad more especially through an usually violent Allocu tion which tbe Pope has been provoked into rMhlinning, has gone far to make a barning question in Italian politics of that 'Low of (Vaacantnes ' by which the Pope's position in Rouse Unrelated. The Pontiff, whose chums to territorial soveEsignty are asserted in the vaml* of his adherents for tsbe ' Pope-King,' is m point of fast stfll a territorial Sovereign by virtue of Ox I*w of Guarantees. But bis kingdom is the smallest in tile world, limited to the Palace of the VMcan. Within its precincts he reigns w a King, independent of the Italian law which extends to Us threshold, Xt is in virtue of this singular sovereignty that nis repFBsentSitlves are recognised and enjoy ambassadorial honours and privuegeB in almost all foreign countries. Ii is also by reason of bis theoretical sovereignty that he saye what he likes within the boundaries of bk palace ? a &»erty of which both the late ?nd tbe present Pope have availed themselves to the utmost. The Pope accepts, practically, f&e; position made for him by tiae Italian Parliament and Government, but declines to acknowledge its limitations. He behaves as a King in Ok Vatican, but as s King entitled to reign over all Borne and all the former Roman States. Be «rill have nothing to do with the Law of Guaran tees, and professes no knowledge of it He has never drawn one com of tbe handsome State allowance provided Cor him out of Italian revenues. He is perpetually iafonuiag the world through his addresses to the Cardinals and aD Catholic States through his Nuncom that he is a prisoner and in. bonds. There will always be a portion of the Italian public which, having no love for the Papacy already, is profoundly irritated by this attitude and language, and is beginning to press on the Government t&e; Questions why any one Italian should be above Italian law, and why, if there be such a privilege, it should be conferred on one who himself spurns it. The Italian Government is manifesta'y desirous of maintaining tbe Law of Guarantees, hut tbe Pope and the Boman Extremists are making it very difficult to keep the legal iauiiu ities of tbe Vatican out of ibe pale of The repeal of tbe Law of Guarantees presents the greatest difficulties, irbe&er; tbe Pope should remain in Borne or whether, as in the belief of fervent Catholics would infallibly happen, he should depart to a residence in some foreign country— to Malta, to Munich, or to some spot io that general refuge for dethroned dignitaries, tile Austrian Empire. This last eventuality would be deeply distasteful to the mass of Italians, little as the distaste is avowed. They are. no, doubt, desirous of tracing the lineage of their national existence rather to tbe Roman Repulic and Empire than to the Italy of the Middle Ages. The wish to efface as much as possible of that picturesque survival of mediaeval life and society, tbe Borne of the Topes, is tfoe secret of most of that scraping and scrubbing which goes on at Home and which excites such profound disgust iu the devotee of art. Still tbe Italians are not un conscious that it was tbe Pope who an the Italian side continued the Roman dominion. As Hobbes said, he was 'the ghost of the Roman Empire sitting enthroned upon the tomb thereof.' Nor does their present quarrel with the Pope altogether blind them to the great share which tbe Papal authority has always bad, and even now has, in giving to Italy its place iu tbe thoughts and the in terest of civilized men. On the other hand, to abolish tbe Law of Guarantees and to keep tbe Pope in Borne would lie in tbe highest degree awkward, even if it were possible. For the Pope would then become an Italian subject. Either he must be silenced, wbich would be the same thing as the annihilation of his office, or tbe Italian Government must become responsible for all he says or does. It would have to be called to account for all the habitual and indeed official violence of tbe lm'g'*P* used in his aHocutioes, briefs, sod bulk If the Pope was alleged or believed to endanger tin peace of France or Germany hy his cutitmuacy «r his perversity, it would be to tbe Cabinet of King Humbert that Prince Bismarck or 1L Jules Ferry, or perhaps M. 'Oimbetta, would have to appeal for redress. In fact, most anomalous as is the position of the Pope ander the Italian law of 1870. and serious as are occasionally tbe inconveniences I resulting from it, the repeal of th« law would i give rise to inconveniences of a far graver ! class — so grave, indeed, that they could not possibly be allowed to contiime. ! We are forced to conclude from the late I scandal and the difficulties of wbich it is ? proving to be tbe source, that Pope Pins IX., i alive and dead, has been the cause of the ; greatest calamaties to tbe Church of which he was the bead. Iu his coffin he brought about i this deplorable ri-tt, whicb has broken the , trace between tbe Quirinai and the Vatican. , The work wbich be did alive is bearing fruit i throughout Europe in a state of popular feeling towards the Papacy and the branches of the priesthood most closely connected with ! it, whicb constitutes a passage of history 'almost as serious for it ss the great Beformatian or tbe great Bevolution. In this country nobody quite understood what Pope Pius was doing. There «-as a disposition to regard him as an amiable fanatic, and ' to look upon his attempt to break into modern ideas as an efiVirt of suly spiritual 1 Quixotism. But modern society on the Con ; tinent, wbich be repeatedlv excommunicated, I has taken them in earnest. It has accepted the gluve whicb he threw down. Tbe extent to wbich detestation of tbe Papacy had gone was first seen by Prince Bismarck's rare , intuition. It was discovered afterwards by I the French Bepublican Govemaient. almost by accident ; but it£ defiance of tbe Clerical spirit and of its chief organs which has not gone its fuD length, has given it that hold on popularity which has manifested I itself so strikingly at the bete general election. It has become manifest, not only that the unbelief of France has been stung into active aggression, but that sincere religions belief, of which there is plentv in the country, has been alienated to tbe point of deviang severe restrictions on the powers of tbe episcopate and the priesthood. Lord tiaeasUy predicted | that the ?? Eternal ' Church would survive all I such crises, and it may outlive this ; but ' meantime the current eeems to be growing too strong for tbe comparative moderation and diplomatic etiH of tbe successor of the Pope | who did all this mischief. —Pott MaH Budget. Misses. S. Kevtle ass Co., Stock and Station Agents, BlaetaU, report that 10,000 breeding ewee Cram Landsdowne station, the property of Messn. Hutton, for their Dag worth station, Diamantma, passed on the 3rd instant, Mr. C. W. VCase hi charge ; during the week a mob of rams from Jimboar for Winton, passed. The Mexbockne Bask Case.— The trial of Charles Thorpe for the larceny of £2S00, moneys behmgias to tbe Bank of Victoria, was brought to a close on Saturday week, at the General Sessions, Melbourne, before Judge Cope. The prisoner admitted having taken the money, wbich he had deposited in the Metropolitan Building Society at 5 per cent interest. The Crown endeavoured to eocnect the piumaii frauds with the note robbery from the same bank in September last The defence Bet np by tbe prisoner was that he was justified in his offence, inasmuch as Mr. Shana and other officers of the bank had been guilty of similar practices to that with which he bad been charged. It appeared from the evidence that Thorpe repaid in an to the bank £3500, on account of the nftonevs admittedly taken by him, aad at the same time that be received only £2100 from the Metropolitan Building Society. In order to account for tbe remaining £490 it was proved that he had previously taken £1300 in various sums from the bank, and had deposited it with the Economic Building Society also at mterest. The interest on this sum, together with a few small bills which he had, made up the £600 paid over to Doolan on the first occasion and this accounted for £400. The jury, after three-quarters of an boar's deHheration, found tbe prisoner guilty, and bis Honor sentenced him to two yearB* imprisonment, with hard I labour. A great crowd assembkai outside the Court to catch a glimpse of Thorpe. He was ! led np to the gaol beside the man Hughes, who had also received a sentence of two years' imprisonment for larceny as a bailee. Both prisoners were handcuffed, and Thorpe especially appeared an object of misery. — A-jr. LupoETiST Sheep Sale ry VicTOEik.— The most important sheep sale ever held in Victoria took place on Thursday. 10th instant, when the celebrated Btod nock of merino sheep, bred by tbe Hon. T.|F. dimming, at the Stony Point Estate, was submitted to auction. ! There was a Urge attendance of persons interested in sheep-breedmc present from all parts of Australia. The bidding was very spirited throughout, the prices realised both for rams and ewes, being unprecedented in the colony. There were 216 lots, comprising 1113 rams and 4SG6 ewes. The total proceeds of tbe sale amounted to £28.150. Amongst tbe rams was a magnificent anhnal, Kugget Hx Third, 4 years old, by Nugget the Second, never before exhibited, but considered by uiany the finest ram in Australia. It was started at 300 guineas and rapidly rose to 1000 guineas, being finally purchased for 1400 guineas for the Hon. Pbilip BusselL of Camgham. Sir John, by Sagget tbe Second. 7 years old. champion A. 1%. B. A. Show, 1S7S, brought 200 guineas : Bismarck, 5 years, by Sir Thomas, champion at A. 8. B. A. rthow, IS79, 315 guineas ; Beacousueld, by Sir David, 450 guineas ; Deniliquin. by Sir John, purchased hy M. M'Donald. South Australia, 430 guineas ; Denty. 4 years by Sir Thomas, J. M-Donald and Co., New South Bales. 270 guineas ; yearling eves solii from 6 to J 7 pninetB ; two year old ewea, epedai 6tn4 stock, i 10 to 42 gairaett! ; three to six year old ewea I from etttd stock, to 87 guineas. Amongst tbe principal purchasers were M Tariand Brothers, Bann«o ; A. M' Queen, Nat Nat ; -i ardor, aad Campbell, Demgakes : J. Child, Dnoo, Rudd Brothers, of Howioog ; J. Peaser— all of Kew South Waka. 