LONGFORD. (From our own Correspondent.) A requisition is in course of signature to his Worship the Warden, requesting hiol to call a meeting at an early date for the purpose of taking the necessary steps to revive the annual regatta at Longford. The document has already been numerously signed, and as an indefatig able secretary (upon whose exertions, in a great measure, the success of the affair depends), has been spoken of, we may confidently expect once more to come to the front in aquatics. Pastor Cherbury, of Collingwood, Victoria, officiated at the Tabernacle hero onSuorday; he also delivered a lecture in the same place the following evening, on "The second coming of our Lord," when there was a numerous audience. The mind-reader, Professor Rice, gave two of his entertainments at the Assembly Rooms to good houses, on the, nights of Tuesday and Wednesday, which were both amusing and instructive. The performance also an) exposure of the rope-tying, ring; handkerchief, and other tricks created no little surprise amongst those present, whilst the ghost which appeared in front of the cabinet on.VWednesday night, all the lights in the room but one being extin gnished at the time, gave a good idea to those who believe in such delusions. Two horses attached to a four-wheeled trap, belonging to Mr C. Crack, bolted from the pump near King's bridge yesterday morning. They were in charge of a hey named Richard Pitt, who had gone for a cask of water, and started at a furious pt cc for home, not doing any damage until coming in contact with the gate and post as they were entering their owner's yard; these were laid low and the front of the trap and pole damaged. The driver was left " to run behind" at a respectable and safe distance uninjured. A pictorial lecture (alias, a magic lantern exhibition) was given by the Rev. J. S. Greer in the Wesleyan Church last night to the Sun day school children of all denominations on the township. A number of the parents were also present, so that the building was crowded, and the treat enjoyed greatly, by the juveniles especially. September 2nd. 