The Forger's Fate. CHAPTER XXXIV.— (Continued.) 'What is that, mademoiselle ?' said Bate, ae Melanie Eank down on the conch by her aidd, and suffered her hands to fall listelesslj on her knee. Molfl.TiiA nnihni) haoV liar hftir. n. habit she-had had from childnood when troubled, and replied, * It seems all dark. I an sometimes afraid even to hopo ' She then repeated what had jnst passed between her and her father. 'To what does he allude ?' said Bob*. ' He can Sot force you.' * No,' replied Melanie ; 'but now, what safety is there for St Bar? Everard will hare no more reason for mercy. ' Ah, if I could only find but one clue, for .1 know that it is his vMany that has devised so fool a charge against St. Bar.' 'And CamberoniP' said Bose; ' might he not i— — ' she could not say ' murder him ;' she faltered, and added, ' Might he not resort to violent means to obtain from Mm any letter that he 'supposes he may hare upon him V r No, Rose, nave no fear,* said Melanie. 'A detective would never do anything so foolish as to take life. Moreover, any detective would know that a man like St. Bar would net be likely, after what has occurred, to send any more written com jBuimcationB.' 'Very good,' said the girl; 'and Mr. Effing liain — where is he ?' ' He is with his mother at present,' replied Melanie. ' He returns to-morrow. The climax iae corns, Bose; I .knew I could only stave off the evil for a time/ ' But what could' induce Mr. Effingham to try to track M. ds St. Bar, when he knew that if he took him, all chance of your becoming his wife wonld be at an end ?' said Rote. 'To have me in his power/ replied her, mistress ; ' for if he obtained any certain know ledge of him, or a letter of his, he could use the power either by having- St. Bar almost under ar rest at any moment, our by a weapon that he would not scruple to use — a .slander against my name, hoping to make me yield by the last power that a woman dare to brave.* ' Dastard !' said £ose- impetuously. ' Ay, dastard you may well call hint, but even that would fail/ said Melanie. * Death by my own hand would be no greater sin than to become his wife.' * The Almighty saight pardon that, mademoi selle/ said Bose. 'I do not i&ink; he would pardon the other.' 'And yet it is' .done everyday/ said Melanie, gloomily ; ' the iuend given to one man, the heart to anotHer/ ^ \^ 'I could not do it/ said Bose, passionate'y. * Hbw.can any one face '.Heaven and tell so black a lie ? How can any one go through such agony, and not sink under it f ' I canoot tell/ replied Melanie. ' I know that if I tried I tf&tnrid; faiL .The thought in more ter rible than many a dark reality.' ' If that man dared to breathe the hint of so foul a slander for so foal a purpose/ said Rone, trembling*, ? I wonld stab him where hettoed, without the least compunction.' ' Hush, Boss, hush J' said JILelanie, layiE£ her band on that of the girl : ' do not utter such, awful words. Tour Southern, blood has made you lor get the sinfulness of such thoughts.' 'Pardon, mademoiselle, pai-don/ said Boae; ?but I am a woman, and my very being rises up against the villain wh» could dire am of using aaoh a power. 'It will not be a power/ eaiff Melanie; but though she spoke so quietly, there* was a light in her dark eves, a curious nallor about her lipn, that told of a passion perhaps as deep and fierce, though less demonstrative, thsvp ' that of the Southern girl. ' Let ns go into ^ke. park,* she eaid, rising, after a short silence -,\l must be in some wide space, 1 feel here tike a «eaged bird. Come.' Without % word Kose laid aside her n/ork, and followed. CHAPTER XXXV. ' Mademastll, will you come here? 'Here's something I didn't know of, and am. sor,ry to hear.' ' MademaseU' was the name by whieh Bose wen^in Sir Raymond Ijigmont's household ' not that Eofi^s, ftfm Parisian lady's-maid would have, done, heM held her head too high as to demand this mark oi5: respect, but the servants had an idea that 'rnade masell* was a polite word signifying a French woman, or foreigner, and that it sounded well, and therefore Bose was. always ' mademasell.' The above-recorded speech was made by one of the upper footmen, who had at one time been in clined to 'make up' to the lovely Southern girl ; but Eose had given him very soon to understand that she had no opinion of him, and the footman's pretentions had dwindled into sentimental con versation in the servant's hall. He stood now in «n upper hall, holding in his hand a newspaper, e.nd as Kose approacned, he added; ' I never should have thought it. I wonder if Sir Baj tuond had it put in.' Bose took the ' Morning Post' quickly from the man's hand, and read the following para graph : — ? Appboaching Mabbiage in High Lots. — We understand that a marriage is arranged to take place shortly between Miss Melanie Agnes Egmont, the lovely and accomplished daughter «nd heiress of Sir Raymond Kgtnont, Bart,, of Abbot's Leigh and Park Lane, and Mr. Everard Effingham, of ? House, Surrey.' ' It is one of those reports which the papers are Cond of inserting/ she said. ' It is not true.' ' You ought to know/ said the footman. 'I do know well/ said .Rose, decidedly; * and I know that it is false. How dare they insert things that may do bo much mischief 1' ' I'm very glad it is not true/ said the footman; 'it is a shame, ain't it ? It 'nd be a pity, too; for Miss Egmont is worth ten of Mr. Emagham — hononr bright, mademaselU If it had bees Mr. St. Bar now — * Bose half turned away. 'May £ have the paper ?' she asked* * Have you dose with it V ' You should have it, anyhow/ replied the foot man, gallantly ; ' but I have done with it. Here it is.' ' Thank you/ said Bose. She hurried away and went direct to the draw ing-room. Everard Effingham was there lounging in an arm-chair and reading a novel, and Melanie was at the piano, playing one of Mendelssohn's * Songs without; Word.' Bose cam* forward, and silently laid the newspaper by the player's side. Melanie looked up surprised ; but before she could ask an explanation Rose had left the room again. Everard lifted his head and watched Melanie. She took up the paper, and read the paragraph, and -without taming round to him, or giving any other sign of anytUts^ unusual, flung it oh the ground, and began «%?? beautiful sir No. 1 of the first book. The exquisite music had no softening effect upon Effinpham. He rose, crossed to the piano, and taking up the paper, also read the paragraph. Then he addressed her -with a face flushed with anger. * Melanie/ said he, * what am I to understand? What is the meaning of this being flung aside like a noxious thing ?' ' It means/ she said, rising and confronting him ?with a pale, firm face, ' that yon might have spared yourself tho trouble of having that para graph inserted. This false trace must cease, I never can, and nevtfr will be, your wife/ * After this/ he said, (violently striking the paper which he still held ; 'after you have been the talk of society ; after all the society in which you move have come to but one con clusion you give me that answer, and toll mo that you will become tho talk of that society !' 'Everard Effinghau/ said Melamie, with a quietness that reproved his violence of manner, \- a child may be easily frightened by a dangling garment which it believes to be » ghost; but a man laughs at such fears. No act or word of miao made the society of which yon think so much, arrive at that conclusion. Society must be disappointed.* ?And yon dared to give me hope I' he cried, fiercely; 'topwmuse that- — ' ^ ' 'Stay/ she interrupted, with a smile of such, quiet contempt at *tung him almost to madness; * do yon remember that that promise wascon- flitionaU and that you broke the eondilaomf' * Ay, but jam renewed it/ said Everard ; . * and since that day, nearly a moat* ago, no detective sent by m« has moved either hand or foot against that iccursed felon. Ion have promised ;and- by the Heaven's above u, 70a shall hold to that promise/ 