THE LAW OF ARRR8T. TO THE EDITOR. Sib, — In /oar report of the forgery case of tbe police t. Alfred Smith, which was heard at the Qundagai polioe court on Thursday last, either you have been guilty of a grave and unpardonable error or else Mr. Love must have been, as in another case he said Mr. Weefcea was, asleep. . lam inclined to think that the fault (yoa will pardon me for saying bo) must lie with you, becauM I can scarcely beliovo that so profound a ?lawyer as your most excellent Police Magistrate could have fallen into such a ludicrous mistdke. In the case to which ! refer you state that theJPolice Magistrate inqnired.how the defendant was before' the court ; and, on a .reply, being given by senior-constable MoBUigott to tbV effeot that he had arrested him the previous day, yon make his worship eay, 11 It did not matter, as the ) prisoner waa.before tho court ; but he should not have -boon arrested 'without a/worranU'^j Now, assuming ' that your report is correct, I take: jes^s to say that Mr. Love, accomplished jurist as he io, 'riiiide two mistakes in expressing himself thus. .If a warrant were essential for the prisoner's . arrest, the constable's conduct was reprehensible in locking him up, although it could not, of course, affect the charge of forgery preferred against the accused. I submit, however, that not only waa the constable justified in arresting Smith as he did without a wariant, but also that he would hare been highly censurable had the accused escaped in conse* quence of his not having done so. This assertion may surprise Mr. Love, but I can show it to .bo latr. In . Reckwith v. Pkilby , 6 H. and C., page 639, it ia laid down that, although it is clear that a privato individual cannot arrest upon bnre suspicion, a constable may do so. 11 There ia a distinction between tho two partiea just named : In order to justify the former in causing the arrest of a person, he must not only show reason able cause of suspicion, bnt must prove that a felony has actunlly been committed ; whereas a constable, having reasonable ground to suspcct that a felony has been committed, is authorised to detain the party suspected until inquiry tan be made by the proper authorities.' This is tho Common Law of England, and it has full force in this colony. Now, as to the application of this law to the case of Smith, it ia only necessary to point out that the cheque had been pro* nounced by Mr. E. 0. Allman (no mean authority) to be a forgery, and Mr. Bobek had also declared that it had been given to him by Smith for a valuable con. sideratioo. If these facts did not create a reasonable suspicion in the mind of senior'Constable McEIIigott that a felony had been committed by Stnitb, all I will say is, that ho must be u very unreasonable and unreasoning sort of a man. Ho is, however, on the contrary, an intelligent, discriminating, and experienced officer, and, consequently, he did what he was bound to do, namely, arrest the prisoner. In this spiritualistic age perhaps yon will, Mr. Editor, permit me to subscribe ?myself ^ ? . LOBD MANSFIELD'S QBOST. Tumut, April 80th. )? [Our report was correct. — En. OMR] 