THE STANDARD LIBEL CASE. To tbb Ei-rron. — Sib, — Now that the above case is finally disposed of by the full court, and is therefore not nibjwl'ue, it is a fair subjeot for publio comment. With the law as it at present stands, oras it isat present interpreted, auul about the court, it is necessary to speak with bated breath. Whether restriction on free erjeeeh or fair criticism through the Press will be conducive to good government, the fair administration of publio affairs, or public morality, it is not my province at present to inquire. According to the ruling ot tho learned and perspicacious judge who preaided on the above occasion, if tbe letter signed 'Truth,' which isiaid to contain the alleged libel, ' was a comment on a public nun, in his publio capacity, then it was privileged.' The Aitornoy- Genoral, who ap w*~uraA tew tlin *.Tnintt4¥ arimiffai^ tliaf ilia whole of the letter, except somo eight words, referred to the plaintiff in hiB capacity of a Minister of the Crown. The meaning of these sight words was, simply, that the plaintiff is unreasonably attached to a certain party or creed, and a disciple of a oertain eceles iaBtic. Ii it libellous to sa; that a man is nnreasonuble ? Or defamatory to characterise him as a disciple of his bishop ? Would our ' worthy' Premier, who appears to pride himuelf on having ' big ideal,' think he was ' tarnished in bis reputation ' if he was characterised as a thorough discipU of John Knox ? (And what would John Knoi say f ) And would our bashful, but fascinatiugly obliging and lovable Colonial SeoroUry, if it wan aitid that he whs an inflexible adherent of tbo Church of England, a worthy disciple of the immortal Archbishop Whateley, think he was defamed ? Would not they both rather oovet the distinction ? And is it possible thai a man who said in court that he was a good Oatholio can feel that his reputation is damaged when he is deioribed as such, and as a disciple of his bishop F Not he. There must be eome other reason. The plaintiff, by his witness O' Carroll, said that the libel complained of referred to him in his pablio capacity only. By his witness Eing he said the words would benr two constructions, one referring to him in hiB private capacity, the other in his cupaoity of a Minister of the Crown. The judi;e in his summing up said to the jury that 'when words would bear two meanings, one defamatory, the other not, the jury must give the defendant the benefit of tbe doubt.' Here wag the the alleged libel would bear two mean ings, though the weight of the evidence, beyond dispute, went to prove thut it referred to the plaintiff in his publio capacity only; and yet th« jury bring in a verdict for the plaintiff, damages £3. On what ground F Can it be, as ' rumoured,' that they wished to ' give the Standard a leason f ' Whether it is so, I do not say ; but if they did ?o, would they not be abdicating their proper functions as jurymen, whioh was to bring in a verdict in accordance with the evidenoe, if they/ thus became self- appointed castigators of the public press P 8uppoa» we admit that the lattea ?' Truth' was in bud taste, or ' clumsy,' as the Courier described it, is a person to be puniahsd by having to pay damages and costs of a libot action merely beoaueo he does not express him self an elogantly as he ought? If want of eleganco in ail spheres ot publio life is tnus punishable, what will become of our elegant administrators and their refined following? And what shall wo say about the full QOBtB being certified to for a vordict in the Suprome Oourt of aotually only 20a. (£2 had been paid into oourt), whiob, iu a lower court, would be unlawful? Simply this, that the sooner the law is repealed which in this oolony confers upon tho judgo such powers, the bettor, both for tbe court und the freedom of disou«uion, as judges are but men, subject to the failings of men. One thing struck me as rather peculiar; in another case, during this term, in which the verdiot of the jury was for £G9, tbo full amount sued for, the full costs were not allowed. The reason of thiB difference it is not for me, but the aourt, if uny ono, to explain. — Yours, &c;, ROMBBT BUXCOCK. September 7. A meeting of the ladies of the congregation of the Memorial Ohnroh, Milton, will take place on Friday afternoon in the churoh. The regular monthly mooting of tho Lodge Silver CroBS, 604, 8.0.^ will bo held at tho Masonic Hall to- morrow ovening. The Carlton Orickot Club has advertised its annual general meetiag, to be held noxt Mon day night, at 8 o'olock sharp, on the premises known as the Pipe Hospital, Edw.rd-atroot, adjoining Mr. O. Brown's. Piiopebbor PBirnR. — Good houses at the Minoriea ars the regular thing now. Laut night there was a freBh show of statuary, and the ghost efforts inoluded a good Bketch, 'The Earl of Essex and the Fair Geraldine,' and a eoeno from tho ' Lay of the Last Miaslrel,' concluding with tho ' Haunted Barber.' Thii evening his Excellouoy the Governor and Mieo Kennedy will be present at the entertainment, whioh ii a very attraotirs one, 