JOSEPH 'IRONS ON ROMANISM AND 'RITUALISM/'!;'. /j e.thirikif eyef.th'efpllowhg ' words ' of tlie , late .Joseph Iron?. were ;everiapplic'aWe,,it is at, the present. day!; ./'Jn Jeyrin-croRcent.therej was a grand old.chapel.' iilt . whs, here that the; Rev, Joseph irons , (tamer .or tno , present rector of St. Mary, Woolrioth),".' the, noted in dependent minister of the Grove, Camberwell,' had a weeklylectureandpreached to crowded; congregations.! ; And on almost the very spot' where Jerikyn had been stopped preaching,'' Josehlrohs was unceasing in his denouncing ' .Romanism and Ritualism. He declared that ;hp!. tyciijSiiora;ph to, j>e,a plague .,to/the; Romahisis.; In a' sermon preached by l,',Ifpns. .'In ' JewiAcrescerit on Wednesday .eyehin;<em.',;18,frpmithe-'jwp8 phToplishGaiktiwis, who have bewitplied you ,'! that' ye- should n ot, .obey, /tlie truth ? " ,he ! said,; ' Might' I not., paraphrase .my'.'text,' and exclaim, " Ob, foohsh; Britons, who, have, be witched you ;that you,, should' not .obey due truth?" ..Might I not! paraphrasply.text .a little!! more, .close to home, and, ask,;, ",Oh, foolish, Oxonians, who have bewitched ,'y.ou tliat you should riot obey the truth ? " , Preach ing on November 5tb,T843, in the same place, Mr/Irons said : Christ became triumphant, and I want no Virgin Mary, rior saints— canonized by the ,devil|s agents — to. put my sins -.away, nor to pray for it. , J esus Christ has done ft, and the "very daring to ask any one else,to!'do itis anjinsulttp Jesus Christ.' I am somewhat anxious, to discharge my conscience with regard .to.this memorable day. There are many .Aritichristfl ; but.the Romish hierarchy is the mother of , abominations. I do insist upon it, that. it is. a standing disgrace to any civilized; nation to have these secreted haunts -T-njirineries. and , monasteries — walled in and excluding all investigation of the public. We Protestants want no secrecy. Wo want no walls round our chapels, or our institutions. We invite you to our services. W e invite you to our innermost recesses. "We invite you to our Bibles. We invite you to our ordinances. We have no secrets to keep, and the very fact of people wanting these things kept secret is proof positive to any man of common senBe that the devil is at the bottom of it all. . ... and lie who asserts that water baptism is re generation is a daring imposter, and guilty of sin against the Holy Ghost, and I doubt much whether such, under any possibility, can be saved. — City Press. 