TRICKETT V. HANLAN. [From the Newcastle limes.] London was enveloped in one of its moat unwelcome November fogB, and the morning of the race was ushered in with very unpleasant! overhead prospects. The weather, besides being foggy, was damp, showery, and extremely cold. According to arrangement, the Press boat left Temple Pier for the journsy np to Putney at 11. o'clock. The race having been fixed to take place an honr later, there were misgivings amongst the "FourthEstate" as the jonrney was made up stream as to whether much would be seen of the race, so thick and murky was the atmosphere; but as Westminster Bridge was left behind and Putney approached, the weather improved, the atmosphere cleared, and the tide ran up like a millrace. The breeze was not strong enough to raise a lipper on the water, and although the sun never once showed his genial face, it was agreed upon tint taken altogether it was a favourable day for a true test of sculling. From Temple Pier to Putney the river voyage, is only about seven miles, and it was not until the Press boat had got opposite Ohelsea that anything like sn extraordinary incident pre sented itself to indicate that the world's sculling championship was to be decided in the next balf-honr. Here the river was thickly dotted with scnlling boats being pushed on to Putney, and the nearer we approached the well-known aqueduct—well-known at least to rowing-men— the thicker and faster were the indications of the pending rtco. By. the time we got to Putney the skipper of the Sunflower, which was the Press boat, gave warning to every man on the boat to look after his head, so high was the tide, and so little room was there for the steamer to puss through theaqueduct; but ail danger was avoided, and at half-past 11 o'clock Putney came into full view—though it could scarcely be called full view, as the atmosphere was still hazy and impregnated with fog, which was alternately followed by rain. There was yet half an hour to spare before the men could be expected to appear on the river, and ample time was afforded to take a glance at the scene which Putney itself and the river presented. Three steamers which had been chartered by the com petitors were moored at the landing stage, and already each was well filled with a motley crew of rowing and non-rowing men. The towpatb, so far as conld be seen from the point where the Press boat was moored at the aqueduct, was a thick black line of spectators, and some hun dreds of rowboats studded the river; but it was gratifying to notioe that before the start took place the stretch np to Graven Point was entirely clear. Tins was doubtless due to the forethought of lb. Lord, who, however, would have been disgusted if he had seen the crowd of boats at Hammersmith and beyond it. Xt appears that Mr. Lord's arrangements only apply to the first half-mile of the race. If it ever happened to be a desperate^ race between Hammersmith and beyond it, it is qnite on the cards a sculler would be stopped by one of the many foolB that crowd the river in. small boats. However, this is beyond the point, and, coming back to Putney, it may truly he stated that never before on the occa sion of any aquatic contest, save that of tha University boat race, was ever there seen such a concourse of people. The wagering on the race was being carried on as actively on the towpath as it was on the river. Un land half an hour before the start 65 to 40 was laid on | Hanlan, and taken freely, bat where the money j was to be found—viz , on the umpire's boat— Hanlan started a 7 to 4 favourite, and gradually ! the weight of money behind him knocked Trickett's friends ont of the market, until at last 200 to 100 on Hanlan was offered in vain. This last enquiry was met by a reply on the part of one of Trickett's supporters to take 503 to 200, but at the last moment the longest offer on the Canadian was 9 to 4, which may be ac cepted as the closing rate of odds. Daripg the period of wagering on the official boat, which was crowded with English, American, and Canadian rowing notabilities, the few minutes left for people to suppress their feelings of excitement on the great race were relieved by the appear ance of HoBmer, the American "Lightning Boy" —who is perhaps one of the worst scullers that ever sat in a boat—and Wm, Elliot, of New castle, on the river in their Bkiffs, just before Hanlan and Trickett presented themselves, Hosmer started away from the stakeboat, and went away at full pace out of view, evidently being determined to get a " feeler" for his own benefit, although it was scarcely a legitimate way of doing it. Elliot had better taste than do this, and when he saw the competitors appear on the water he paddled quietly up stream with no other intention than that of having a good look at the race for himself, without taking such an undue advantage as Hosmer. Exactly at mid day a loud cheer announced the embarkation of Trickett in his Jewitt-bailt boat from East's establishment at Putney. Rain was now falling pretty smartly, and as Trickett had to rest on his sculls some time before Hanlan put in an appearance he could scarcely feel himself com fortable in his light-woollen jersey, which was only a poor protection against the shower. Almost simultaneous with the appearance of Trickett on the river was that of his eight oared cutter, with the veteran Harry Eelley at the bow to steer the Antipodean champion up the course. After waiting about in the neigh bourhood of the stake boats for some time, and finding that Hanlan was showing no signs of putting in an appearance, Trickett went through the aqueduct and returned to the stake boats, by which time a loud shout from the shore an nounced the embarkation of the Canadian champidn, who appeared in hiB new Canadian boat "Toronto." Almost at the same time Hanlan's eight-oared cutter, with John Bright at the bow as pilot, came across to the starting post. Evidently one of Hanlan's first in tentions was to shake hands with his opponent before what was supposed to be a death and life struggle between the men. Hanlan backed his scull into Trickett's and offered bis hand, which the Australian cordially shook, the incident being followed by a hearty round of cheers from the shore and from the steamers. After thia Hanlan took a spin past the official boat to the aqueduct, the Canadian champion looking all over smiles, and seem ingly treating the task he had before him iu a cavalier spirit. This was exemplified when he came back again, for he gave the spectators a treat to some " hand-over-hand" sculling, which very few had seen before, and which not only excited their astonishment but their admira tion of the Canadian's self-control under such trying circumstances. A delay took place in the arrangement of the stake boats, but at twenty minutes past 12 o'clock all the prelimi naries had been arranged. Trickett won the toss for station, and selected the Middlesex berth to get the advantage of the first bend at Craven Point. As if by mutual consent the rival scullers came to their stake boats to doff their flannels. Hanlan stripped off his light jersey, and sculled in his well-known armless blue cotton skinfit, with short knee rowing drawers. Jack Bright assisted him in the pro cess of " peeling," and Harry Eelley fulfilled a similar mission for Trickett, but the Australian stripped to the skin, and thus afforded a treat which Hanlan denied. Trickett looked a giant in his boat. His form filled the eye, Bnd to any one unacquainted with the merits of the men it looked long odds on the Australian, whose arms looked full of muscle, and whose back and loins looked like nothing but what might be expected from a man who had undergone a course of tremendous training. All was now iu readiness for the race; the stake boats and the steamboats had been properly placed, the rain had ceased to fall, and the tide was as smooth as the pro verbial sheet of glass—scarcely a breath of wind prevailed; and taken altogether, the sur rounding circumstances were in favour of a true and legitimate test of merit between the two champions. As soon as they had divested themselves of their superfluous flannels they respectively took up their positions at th9 stake boats. No sooner had they set themselves for the first stroke than they started on the jour ney, and so business-like and mutual had they been that thoBe on the official boat scarcely realized the fact that the race for the world's championship had begun. Hanlan left the mark with remarkable coolness, reached over his toes as if he were indulging in a private spin, and pulled through with immense dash, but for the first minute as, carefully timed, be struck only 85 strokes. Looking at Trickett for the first minute of the race as in contrast to Hanlan he seemed to be anxious to get ahead, and though he sculled. cleanly, his stroke of 41 for the opening sixty seconds was short,feverish, and his stiength badly applied. The first minute of a race, when it is considered a desperately near thing between scullers, is always a trying one, for not only does it serve to prove a man's steadiness and nerve under the influence of active excitement, but it demonstrates his pace in steadiness of manipulation. Iu self-posseBsion Bnd in pace Hanlan showed himself the superior of the Australian champion in this short open ing period of the struggle, and he led after going about 800 yards by a length and a half. As they went to Craven Point, little over half a mile from the starting- point, Eelley took the Australian close in shore to reap the first advan tage of the bend at the point. On the other hand Bright had steered Hanlan well in towards bis opponent, and thus it will be seen that the Canadian to hold his own at the point had to come on what might be fairly termed an outer circle. Trickett, although he was struggling with all his might to keep up with his opponent, had all the coolness in the heat of his efforts to follow the signals of Eelley from the bows of his cutter, which was immediately in his wake. Trickett was steered as cleverly round the point as a man could be, but his short stroke and desperate and misapplied strength were altogether futile againBt the maohine-like stroke ef Hanlan, who passed Craven Cottage, a shade over half a mile, in 2 min. 40 sec. from the start, then leading nearly a length clear. At this juncture Hanlan came rather sharp across towards Trickett, as if totally dis regarding Bright in the cutter, and had Trickett been possessed of the power to come with a desperate spurt ha might have fouled the Canadian. The first burst of the race had now been passed; Hanlan had scarcely travelled at his best speed, bnt Trickett, doubtless, had been exerting himself to the very top of his strength. The Australians were quite prepared to see their man led at the outset of the match, and were not dismayed when he was only a couple of lengths behind at the half-mile, but they got a taste a few strokes later on of their pending defeat when they saw their champion give an anxious glance over his shpnlder and then drop into a slow stroke, as if exhausted by the tremendous efforts he had hitherto made; hnt the relapse from a fast stroke of 40 to something like 38 per minute was not the only warning voice to the Australians, tor their man now began to show signs in the pallor of his face and the want of pith in his stroke of a speedy collapse. It is a hard thing to say about a heretofore champion of the world that he was beaten when he had barely covered half a mile cf a race; but such was the fast if ap pearances were to be judged by in the present rase. Then, to take a glance at Hanlau, the opposite impression was conveyed. Hitherto the Canadian had never struck more than 35 strokes per minute, and be appeared conscious already that he had got his man beaten, for, instead of looking at his work, he always kept his eye on Trickett, as if doubtful whether he was master of the situation, or whether Trickett was not pulling at his best pace. This evident watchfulness of Uanlan'B seemed to indicate that he was not anxious to get far away from his op ponent, who, after getting a " blow," came away again up to the Dung Wharf, at a bat of 40 strokes to the minute, to the ragged staff (about 200 yards short of the mile), Hanlannow leading two lengths. Within the next quarter of a mile Trickett repeatedly looked over his shoulders at his man, and as often put on a spurt, but Hanlan never disturbed himself from a rate of 34 per minute, but with such length and pith-in the pull through that they were nearly half as good again as those of the Australian champion. Coming across the river to the Soap Works, Trickett, although a beaten man, quickened up from 38 to 41, and he gained so long ae the spurt lasted upon the Canadian. A tone of excitement wae given to the race by this effort of Trickett, as it had been laid down by the Australians in their programme that they were quite prepared to see their man led to Hammersmith, bat after that he would give Hanlan the go-bye and win easily. Before this effort, however, had been made by Trickett, 300 to 100 bad been laid on Hanlan leading through Hammersmith. Hanlan saw Trickett making his effort, but the masterly Canadian waited on him until he had wasted bis strength, and then lannching out with about half-a- dozen resumed a lead cf two and a half lengths. An immense crowd had gathered at the Soap Works, and the cheeriDg on shore seemed to put renewed life into Trickett, who, although as pale as a ghost and evidently completely •' sewn up," made another dash to overhaul the leader, and with euch an amount of success that he got for the time being within a length and a half of the Canadian. Trickett waa now in Hanlan's water, and had Hanlan been so disposed he could have eased up for a stroke or two and won on a foul, but this was not his intention. After passing the Soap Worts Hanlan came wide off from the Surrey shore into almost midstream, and oommenced to backwash Trickett with his left-hand scull. This was done by Hanlan totally in disregard to Bright'a piloting in the boat. Hanlan, however, lang before this had known he was master of the situation, and notwithstanding that he was little more than two lengths ahead, he absolutely stopped for a stroke when within a couple of yards of Hammersmith Bridge, and quietly took a survey of the crowds on the shore, on the bridge, and on the steamboats. A -sheut of delight arose from the Canadians and Americans at the exhibition of nonchalance, and it may be readily assumed there was no rejoic ing in the camp of the Australians. This was the beginning of the end; it was patent to everybody that Hanlan was simply trifling with one who had gained the title of Champion of the World. Trickett was bo dead settled that he could not take advantage of Kelly's nrgings to keep moving on, and a more help less sight than that which Trickett presented at thiB moment it is hard to imagine. He had pulled himself completely to a standstill. Long before this his face was deadly pale, bis stroke short and feverish, and altogether deficient of pith. Although Hanlan caused some alarm to his backers by the cavalier spirit in which he was treating his 'antagonist, a second thought about the situation of affairs at this junction confirmed the opinion that he knew thoroughly what he was about, for had he even made a mistake by clipping the button of his scull he was still within his own water, and even had Trickett run into his stern-quarter, the Canadian would have won on a foul. Hanlan went through Hammersmith Bridge two lengths clear in 9 min. 31 sec. from the start, Trickett being 3 sec. later. An immense concourse of people was as sembled on the towpath and on the bridge, and the excitement was intense when those located at this point, and who even ignorant of the antecedents of the contest, so far saw that so little distance divided the Wentworth and the Toronto. The cheering of the crowds on shore seemed to give Trickett, beaten man as he undoubtedly was, a new lease of life, for he qnickened up for abont half a minute shortly after passing through the bridge, and drew up within a length and a half of the Canadian. Hanlan did not seem at all put ont of humour by the approach of the Australian to his stern quarter, but rather quietly waited upon him, and then as soon as he found Trickett had spent his effort put on an extra half-dozeD, and shot away like a rocket three lengths ahead, this spurt bringing forth another shout from the Canadians and Americana oh board the steamer, who had just sufficient room to shoot the bridge, the tide being so high. Long before this it was quite evident that the issue, bir accident, waa virtually decided in favour of Hanlan, but the first of a aeries of pantomimic tricks on bis part now commenced, for when opposite the Doves he absolntoly stopped rowing and looked ronnd on shore, and also at those on board the steamers immediately behind him, while Trickett was ploughing along helplessly beaten at 37 per minute. This stoppage on the part of Hanlan allowed the Australian onoe more to get within nearly a length of him, and had Trickett been possessed of the least spark of power he might have ran into the stern of the Toronto; but bis pith had long before this been gone, and Hanlan appeared thoroughly cog nizant of the fact, for immediately afterwards he looked over his ahonlder, and, putting in a vigorous half-dozen in as short a time almost as it takes to toll, had resumed his lead of three lengths. The coolness with which Hanlan took matters almost paralysed Triokett's supporters, and the climax almost came a few strokes further on when he repeated the performance which he had shown immediately before the start of scnlliDg hand over hand. This ludicrous per formance of Hanlan for the time being excited the laughter of the unthinking, but on reflection it created pain amongst the more generous spec tators of the race, who thought he might have spared the feelings of a terribly beaten man, for such Trickett now undoubtedly was. After rowing a mile of the race Trickett had pre sented a most thoroughly beaten appearance by bis countenance, bat he appeared a ten times worse beaten man at this jnnctnre of the race. His face was contorted and ghastly pale, his stroke was short, as if indicative of all his energies being spent, bnt he rowed on with a grim doggedneas worthy of a better result, never once halting or hesitating in his determi nation to do his beat. Hitherto TT»nl»n had been so daring with bis opponent as to cause his backers great occasion for alarm, bnt the climax of his antics came when, opposite the Oil itrttfa, he stopped sculling altogether, lying broad on his back in his skiff stopped rowing altogether, and allowed Trickett once more to get within a length of him. Perhaps Hanlan hwl a personal motive in doing this towards a thoroughly dis tressed and beaten man, bat it only created sorrow to the more generous spectators. How ever, speaking without any sympathy in the matter, it may be trnly said that it was a re markable exhibition, and one that had never had precedent in any race on the Thames. As soon as Hanlan was done with his antics he set him self down to a dozen more strokes, and in a few seconds was four lengths ahead. AtOhiswick Eyot Hanlan was joined by William Elliot in a skiff, and, at a respectful distance, the BIyth sculler kept company with Hanlan, the pair interchanging a word or two as they proceeded on the jonrney to the Duke's Bathing Plaoe. Here agaiu Hanlan stopped for a few strokes, and Trickett got onee more within two lengths of him. A more helpless man in a boat than was Trickett at this moment it would scarcely be possible to imagine. He did not even reach up to his toes, nor did he even get as far back as his rowlocks. His stroke was pithless and his energies exhausted. Imme diately after passing the Duke's Bathing Place both men were shaped sharp across to the Middlesex side, in order to get the best of the bend for Barnes, Hanlan retaining his lead with the greatest of ease by three lengths, still keep ing company with Elliot. At the bend Hanlan, who had all along carried on his capers, once more stopped etailing, dipped his hand in the water and rinsed out his moutn. Long before this he was aware Trickett was a- beaten man, and he might have spared both the min and his backers this ungenerous exhibition. The pro cession proceeded on until opposite the Boll's Head, Barnes, which has been Hanlan's quarters, and here he wee received with an immense ovation. In acknowledgment to the cheeriug he took a white handkerchief from the cockpit of hie boat, and waved it in recognition of the acclamations of his friends. This bravado once more permitted Trickett to get up within a length and half, but Hanlan pat on a dozen and shot five lengths ahead. Tom Green's boathouse is only a.few yards beyond the bridge, and here Hanlan once more stopped to pay obeisance to his friends. From this point be went on to the steamboat, where Mr. J. G. Moore, of the London Rowing Club, the distance Judge, was (stationed, and was proclaimed a ridiculously easy winner by three lengths. Hanlan had scarcely turned a bair. Ae the gun fired the Australian dropped on his sculls, and was motionless for a few seconds. Hanlan came down to him and offered him hie hand, wbich Trickett grasped, and thus the two champions parted after what will be one of the most memorable of races on the Tbamee. The times as taken by the official time-keeoer were:—Graven Steps, 2 min. 40 see.; Ragged i 8taff (200 yards short of the mile), 4.45 ; Crab tree, 6.4; Soap Works, 7.46; Hammersmith Bridge, Hanlan 9 31, Tricbet 9.34; Ohiswick Church, 15.34; Barnes Bridge, 21.40, Trickett, 21.49; finish, Hanlan, 2612; Trickett, 26 19. In the first minute'Hanlan struck 35 strokes, , and in the second minute Trickett 41. At Craven Point Hanlan struck 32- and Trickett 38; at Hammersmith Bridge Hanlan 29 and Trickett 37. -It may be here mentioned that just prior to the start a bet of £2,000 to £1,000 waslaid on Hanlan. 