CONVICTS ON THE SEA. We were about 800' miloa south of the Gape, of Good Hope,., and -!our| ship's, head .poiatocf nearly duo oast.', ,' Twelve knots , an hciir,' says I to the skipper, in roply to How much is ahe making?' The dripping log iino was rolled up and the timo-glase placed away, in the binnucle) An extra pull was taken on the braces, the yards - pressed hard againBt tho stays, and right well did. the 'old Marathon lie over from the heavy breeze that swelled cur oanvaB to its greatest tension. I hove tho log again. ? ? ? - ' . ? - ' How moch now ?' says-tho skipper. ' Twelve und a half, sir.'' .' ' I gueos that is abont all we can got' out of hor.with this wind ; that extra pull gave hoc the other-half knot.' In ten daya after passing Kergaelen's Land-' tho .high-and irregular ooast of Australia waa~ raised from the masthoad by out1 first mate,. Mr, , Bolter; who shouted .the glad tidings (to those on ' deck. No sooner had tho sound of his voice died away than a baker'fi-dozen were running up the ratlines, eager to obtain even a distaut view of the great island. ' A number of us old Salts, who had sailed for Australia- before, contonted ourselvee by snuff ing the air like eo many porpoises. After- w6- had_ passed -between Tasmania and tho fouth sea continent we caught a-light breeze- on onr quarter and headed for- Sydney. No sooner had we dropped our right bower in the river just off the' town than our vessel wae boarded- by the Bnrgeon of the port, who exam ined onr papers, and being satisfied' that we wore in good health, onr ship was allowed to haul up- noaror the city. The old man went ashore to make his report to the Consul, but when he returned his.faoe wore a- troubled look.. He oalled Mr. -Bolter and myself into the cabin, where, to onr surprise andfohsgrin, he stated that the Consul informed him that when the cargo wae dieoharged he should have to preso the ship into the servioe for the Gov ernment to oarry a lot of convieta to Van Dieman'a Land. The: vessel that brought them waa disabled, and oould prooeed no further. The skipper remonstrated against tho seizure, but ib was of no avail. The Consul said he was sorry, but' it oonld not avoided — our vessel being the only one in part that would, answer the purpose, and tbe oonviote must be got off' without delay. This news found its ' way amoug the orew, and several of them ran away and took to tbe bash, not oaring to risk. them-, selves at sea with a lot of doBperate men fresh from the priBone of England. The skipper quieted the fears, of the rest by telling,them that no danger c:uld possibly arise,- as the convicts would ba heavily, ironed and placed between deeka with a guard over .them, ? On the , following morning, .-between. deokB were prepared for the reception of our live freight. A strong double bulkhead was pat up. just lorv.-ard of the cabin, and one juat aft of the chain-lookers, and extra bars and padlooks were scoured for the hatches. When I surveyed the work of the Govern, ment carpenters my mind fait somewhat easier; Everything being in readiness, our guests were marohed down between files of soldiers. Eaoh oonviot was haud-ouffed, and on the right ankle of every man an iron ring was fastened, to which were attached heavy chains. Six of them being fastened together, their movements were quite alow and retarded. As they filed up the gang-plank to the ieok, I counted-, eighty.seven. Some woro large, powerful mon, others were weak- and' wore a sickly expression, hat they, all had a look of dogged determination, thoir oloaely-oropped hair and striped trousers and jaokets making them look all the moro savage. When .No . 87 reached the dock they were drawn, np.in line and inspected by the Superintendent and his assistants. Eaoh convict- was thoronghly searched, in order to see if he had any weapons. Nothing was found, however, but what was proper for them to have. So the inspeotor in formed ns that there would-be no danger, and he would Boon bo rid of them. The guard that was to accompany ui had been selected with great care, euch one having a musket, two revolvers, and a cutlass. Several extra casks of water were got on board for foar we would not have enough to last during the run. Ab no signs of our runaways were to be had, the Bkipper was obliged to ship, several men in order to fill hiB complement. One of these fellows was a villainous looking customer, and I asked . the captain why he shipped such a man. ? ? He replied that it was tho best ho could do. Sailors were scarce, ae nearly every one wae offin tho mines or Btook-riising. I told Gap tain Billows that I did nob roliah having suuh a man on hoard the Marathon-, but he laughed at my fears, and said-the man haclboon discharged from a Liverpool ship some two months before, and as.hb wished to return home, ho thought he wonld ship on tho Marathon. The Consul verified' the man's statement, whioh satisfied tho skipper, so he had sbippod him on the strength of this. I said nothing more to the old man, but determined to keep a we*' her eye on that men's movements. We were to pat oat to- sea that night, if the wind were favourable. The eighty-eevon men woro plaoed between decks to remain there until morning, when they wonld be taken out for an airing. Tho guard consisted of twenty- four mon, half tho number standing watoh while the others turned in below. It was 11 o'clbok before tho wind was in oar favour; and nearly eight bells when we weighed anohor. . I tell you- 1 did not eleep muoh in my watoh below, g the shouts and curses of the oon viote made a perfect Bedlam and would have aroused the seven Bloopers. In vain tho guard threatened them, but they only answered derisively nndi dared the soldiers to shoot. . Mr. Bolter oame to my berth when hie watoh. was out, und said he expected to find me awake,, for! no ona oould eleep with those wretohos howli ing.' Sol lighted my pipe und went on doolt, preferring to. remain abovo than on a levell with the buniBhed Englishmen. Boforo day break they woro quiet enough, and no par ticular one could be sifted out for creating- the disturbance, so the whole eighty-seven want soot ires. 1 About 7 o'elook they were led upon doolt for an. airing nnd to pass inspection. After re maining three -hours they were sent- bolow again.-. In' the afternoon about 3 o'elook a gale sprung up, which required nil hande. to reef topsails) The yards wore soon manendi, and I wont aloft, myself, ue ia generally the custom wbon'nll hands are oalled. 'While 1 waa passing tho weather ear-ring nnd taking the last turn, I heard Sholing (one of the foremost hands, who was knotting a roof point next to me), ask: 1 Where is Barker P I don't see- him on the yard.' . I looked over the lino of men, nnd suro onough ho was not thore. I toll you I wasn't long in gottiug on dook and stating my suBpi oiona to tho Oaptaln. Wo at onoo rushed for ward, followed by several ol tho guardB, and just as woreaohodtho forecastle, who should mako his appearance but Barker. The old man yelled at him ; ' What are you doing down thore P Speak up ! what aro you shirking bolow for when nil hands were oallod for duty ?' ' I was sick,' growled tho sooundrel, ' and oould not go aloft.' ' You are lying, you villain 1 and you know it,' said tho skipper. ' I'll bo bound you are up to some deviltry. Mr. Steoraway, just keep your eyo on him till I coma hank/ ' Ay, ay, Blr 1 ' I responded. By thia tiara all hands had QQara down from aleft. ?* .' ? ? ? The captain soon retiiVncd'and ntated (hatha could flnd:nbthlng|. out o£* tho wsyyibut-'.I was convinced in my own misd'that something was out of tho way. So the old man gave mo leave to go bolow and satisfy rnyoelf. I oould find' nothing, but at tho same timo was far from, bo ing satisfied. I asked why was Barker, of all others, down below ? Wo told tho crow of our suspicions, and ordored thorn to keep alook-out on iinrkcr ii movements. ? . As tho night oame on tho guard was rolie70d and cautioned by tho sergeant to bo on the Jilort. It seemed kind of queer to mo that iho con vide 'remained so quite, for beyond a tow conversation their voicos were-scarcely uudiblo) but I thought afterward that probably they in tended1 to get a good night's rest; nnd proforrsd te keop still.. j I lay uwako somo timo aftor- turning in, bat1 tny oyes finally grow heavy, and I waB in the land of- dreams— away off in Boston. My mother oame up to my room (f was. still in my ^ream»)) to tuck in the bodolothea. ? I -felt her gentle tonob on tho blankots ;. bat why did olio plaoe her hand over iny-mout'.r ? I opened m-y eyes to ore' the reason. ? The glittering blade of a ahoath-knifo was boforo them. 1 knew the reason then pretty quiok, I assure you, for Barkerheld it. ' Now1; Steoraway ,' says ho, ' you just keep qmet,: and. ; yon won't bo hurt. Open yoia» mouth, and- you won't know what hurt you.' \- I knew that any movement, on my pari.' would bo my-death warrant., ! ? Will you keep quiot if I take my hand frocn your' month p' ' ' I nodded my head. in tho nfihm^atiyo, and hb hand wacs removed. ? ' Now, Steoraway/ says he, 'lam going to tie yon onduput a littls ?stopper in yonr mouth. I won-'t bnrt you, for I know how to do these thinge.f He evidently did, for X was very eoon bound - hnnd'ahd-fbot; a gag placed in -my. iinouth and your humble servant rendered1 as uaolees as :v dead man. The convict then left me and dis appeared. I had not been alone more than tec minutes .when I heard a voice near -the berth*, hbad say, ' All right.', : In a moment more a light draught of aire entered my stateroom, and it smelt strongly of. - pent-up air— a sort of oonviot odonr, uoto speak. The bulkhead had been removed and ? the cabin was soon crowded witheprisoners. Not a sound did they make, for thsivirons were off/ and the thought flashed quiobfy .upon me, .cur. ship is ici their hands, may the Lord have mercy on our crew. Silently they went np the cabin stairs ; then I heard a quick, rushing sound, shouts, yells, curses, then a few shots in quirk succession ; several splashes near my oabin deadlight1;: more shouts- and yells. ' Down with them ! Now on never !' ' No Van Diemann'e for: us.! Down .with them1'.'' In vain I heard several voices pleading for. meroy. But those men know no movty. Finally the shouts and yclieceised.ithentho quiok,. hurried tramp e£ feet overhead,. Presently a etep descends the stairs, theirope biading me was cat, the g eg torn from-my. month, and a gruff voice said :: - ' Come, Steoraway, you are wanted on deok.. Lively, now.' : I oame to the conciliators it was useleSs.to. deliberate, and I obeyed the.ocrder at onaa.- It was- not necessary for me te-aek what the matter: was. I knew that well {enough, at. a glance, (Barker — that ecoundroll .Darker — wan an. es- caped convict, and had shipped on boatd the 'Murathon for tbe purpose. of aiding his friends,. .and1, from the appearance of, things, hohatl) suceeoded beyond his utmost expectations. As .hemerged from the cabin, I wub greeted with, ,'H'ere he is,' by Boverahof tbe stripped- j aokst gentry. 'Now, Steenvway, we want, you- So. mind and do just as we tell you — or what J-oo Gosskawk, the Captain, tells you-r-and ysu. ' won't ba hurt ; but if yau don't why overboard! you go. 'We'know you oan navigate ;. new which is it ; sharks' dinner or obey orders ?' Of course Idid't want to ease thei-appetite of the iet finned wolves that were.owimmhin around tho ahip. -Sc I told them. I uouldldc.aU they wishod ; but I wanted to kno-,y,whi:t had beoomeoftbe captu:u,and crew. : 'You'd better swim after them. nnd msh hisa what's done with 'em ; all oxcept that.oiiflaod first mate, Bolter, nnd we enn't gifct-.no track of him, blast him/ said-.Gosshawk, tba.~ recognized leader. I uttered a silont.-prayor that Bolter, might be safe ; stowed uway soma wheio cut- oi their clntches. : ' Well, Steoraway/ says Gosshawkt 'where are we ?' i 'About 80 miles from Van Diemants. Land. 'Now, then,' says he, 'you juatfixt this ship so she will be more nor .that in twelve houre from now. Mako her ran. north until I ask you again where- wo are.' . ! ' And mind; -yon : don't , play- any points, or you'll find the bottom of Davy, Jones. quiok.' ; I asked him then who ?w.ouldrvork.iihe vessel. ' 'V^hv, you Ijaat give the orders, and these men will work .her; aiid micdyoai give them right.' ' ' Then brace-around tho yards/ replied X, ' so I oan get her on the' other took/) ( ' All right,'.' eaid, Gosahawk.; /'tell ns tho ropes,' . I explained to them), and. pointed out the bruoes. ? In ten minutes we W6rc around, and saiUng almost due north. i : ? : When : day; broke- myv heart, almost Bank within mo. The deck presontod a sicken-ng sight, . Pcob .of clotted. blood hero and there, torn clothing, tho remnantiof i some desperuta . struggle, nnd tho striped* convict jaokets and . red coats .oS tho English 3oldUrs. were e cat tared :? over the deok. ' - , , I reqi^ested that .tho dtcks .be.elearod up end , washed down, so that no, vestige might gro3t my eyed- of , that terrible oncsunter that hzdl taken place the , night . before. At noon Goaa, hawk oahed me where- we woee. I had jqat takeh the son, and fonnd^o- were in 32 -togs, aouth.lvtitudo and 17ffffe'gE,k»igitado uasit, all. of whioh. I correctly infOrmedl the oonvict.ahip. per. ' Ain't the Fijie about hone eomewheuo/,' ha ashedi. ? ' ,-i -r , . i ' Yea, they aro in. 28. dhgo. latitmdo eadi ISffl degs, longitude.' 'Well, take us there, .Steraway, and. ycniare jbee.to go in the long booa juat as socn .as we Sight land. I'll take oora of the Marofcon cay. ,0016 then. j Aa we still had: about 720 mils*, to. the jno'terd to make, and: ahsmt 420 miloa-.ofi lciagi Itude. I computed: thi sailing distwee^ und ifound thero woro abo-MS 1,140 milcosto rover, (which, deducting: the- ehfibronoe frouvpur actual ? aoarse wonld l6uvo alK)at 930 miles- hot re we jreaohed the' Fijfs. - I reported - the- same to (Gosahawk, who gr Anted anything. huA autis iaotion. ' No-.nearoi than that? Will, keop her for tho Fijjs, aiiyhow.' ! So I kept her for tho Fijis, an lion- tho foutth day ' Landvho!:'wa8 shouted by, oua of the oonviots who. was stationed alotit, Gesshawk'B eyes brightnaed np, and ho tinned: to mo, say ing, ' WoM.dono, Steeraway.' If I hadionly had my own wa^i. I would have put them, on a coral reef, but. life is precious,, you knovrj even to a sailor. As. tho Marathon, neared tbe lland, which proved- to, ho one of tho. group to. the south'nrd, Gosahawk gave soiap. orderain-n low tone to sovorall of tho men. h knew what thoy wore immcdaatoly, for tho convicts began to oast cfP'ths lashings from, the long boat. 'So Gcsobawk intends to hoop hia promise,' I thought, to myself, and I won to bs oast adrift in the long heat. 'When within fifteen miles of land thebreeso died away, and the old Marathon lay almost motionless Gosshnwh awore and stamped the deok, but to no purposo. Kind Providence paid no attention to him. About dusk the wind made its appearance, and I got ready to stand in. ' hteeraway,' said Gosshawk, ' I guess you will havo to make a vayago in tho dark ; but it cau't bo helped.' : Tho boat was lowered ; two kegs of water, a bag of hard taok, and throe or four j unks of salt horao woro tossed in, and I was told to follow suit, Ae 1 was oast adrift, the villains shouted out after mo : ' Good-bye, Steeraway, yon havo done us a good turn, and we won't forget it !' I mado^ no roply, bat eat in the storn of the boat gazing aftor the receding vossol. After looking at her for a few minutes I waa over come and b'wed my. hoad in my hands und wept. J ust then a splash in the water noarjtho boat aroused,- nra, j A sharkl' thought I. Again T heard it, end then'h' low ' voios asliT ? from tho.dtop':\' Qtperjiway;!''? .r-'-. x\ .1 i I sprung from my thwart a» if strnok by a j galvanic shock. I strained my eyes and pe ored into tho darkness. Presently P saw a dark form ' (swimming toward tho boat. Again the voice ' camo ovor the water: ' Steeraway V Ben hore knows I nm not superstitious; but I confess I did foel a littlo .bwo-attickoii, Boforo 1 had timo to collect my noattorcd thoughts, n hand waa l.iid on tho gunwale nnd tho form of anion nroso from tho sea. ! ' It's Boltor; Joe. Doa't bo frightonod — I'm no ghost !' That short sentence, broko tho spell whiph olnngtomo. ._ . ' ' t|h,; Bolter !' oriedl, in atrnnsportof joy., 'For heaven's Bake, holp.rae in tho boat, Joe! I nm mighty woak, L Now, where's tbe water ? That outside tho boat will do-to-swim in, but I can't drink it.' , ' j Soon I had tho w.iter-ice^ to his lips,, and he took a long draught. .... 'Thero! InovorWantod woter so had but unco before in my lifo ; uhd-tbia is what I call hard took, Joe.' ' !? agreed with him on that aoorc, and1 ae&ed; bim to tell mo how be esoapsd from the- con victs. ' Why, yon soo, Joe, I got andnkling-of what wae coming, bat before I could get oat of the cabin the rascals wore down upon -ant Sol Blippod into tho -eorot looker under thetransosa, and thoy looked into every - plaoe bat that. Luclrily, tho lockor contained some oanned uieats and fruits, bo there wssno danger of my stnrving. I overheard that fallow's conversa tion — the one they, call Goashawto— and I knew, Steeraway, that you were safe. I also heard him tell bis cut-throat comrades what he intended doing with you, vrhon I-hoard- your boafeloworod. I peeped from-my hiding-place, saw the. oabin was clear, aft Ihey. were all on deob- to-aee yoo off. 8oo n ae .1 heard- tho- boat was- adrift I crawled thremgh the etern window, (hung- by tho frame for a minute or two, then (dropped into the sea, awaia after your boat andihere I am.' Bolter suddenly start ed up -and; oried ont : ?' Look, Joe, if they hav e not set the ship on ftire !' And so they bad. B oforo-tbey- landed they had: no- doubt left two oi 1 threo -of thoir number to lueh tbo wheel. and appbr the-torch. The fiamee- threw a lurid lig ;ht ovor- the ocean, and soon- the whole outline in fire of the doomed Marathon oould be. Beei i. . Heavy tongues of ffkmo-ran up the t arret I. rigging, and rools of Sro-libeaoload,.woDldno- wanditbon burst forth as the- sails one after an other, were consumed. It wits a magnifioent sight, but a soirowfnl ono-fcr use. ~Wo watc hed har- until soaroely a spark could be seen, when suddenly, like a Sash, the faint light c /{appeared, and all that ones remained of the Marathon, went to the .bottom. On the following r nornicgp we sighted an : Amoncrn whaler, whit h f Ortnnately oame near enough to eee onr si gnal of- distress, and we ,( were relieved from onr uncomfortable position. Bolter and myself to Id the whaling skipper (our story, when he at ones made sail for \ Sydney, whore tho fa c -ti were laid boforo tho English Consul, who ? took steps to capture the short- haired villains, . The- 'was successfully ! oaoiompliohei 