1 otters to the ICilitor. [jf£ is to le understood that ice do not hold ourselves responsible for , nor identified with, fhe opinions ixpressed by correspondents under this head. — JM.3 THE LAW OF ARREST. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,— Kindly permit mo to say a word or two in reply to 'JustitiaV ingenious, but wholly inndcqurtto, answor to my'last communication. lie admits that a constublo can, in the event of his having reasonable and probablo causo to suspect that a party has com* mittcd a felony, arrest tho party so suepectcd, but says bo cannot do so if lio bolieves that a misdemeanour only has been committed. I agree with him that this is tho general rulo of the law — indeed, I so laid it down in the letter that has so raised his iro. Whon ho says, however, that, bpcauso Smith was only charged boforo tbe polico court with n misdemeanour, that therefore bo should not have been arrested without a warrant, I must dissent from him. Tho constablo arrested tho man because he hud rcasonublo and probable causo to believe that a forgery (i.e., a felony) had been com* mittcil, and he hail a right to do so, although, upon a subsequent examination of the ovidenco, bis superior olticor thought it woro prudent to cbaruc tho prisonor with a misdemeanour only. 'Justttia' must know that magistrates sometimes — and, if I am not mistaken, Mr. Love always—hear the whole of tho . ovidonco beforo determining what the specific charge shall bej^ and, in the event of the evidence only supporting a mis* ? demeanour, it would be ridiculous to say that tho corX stable-* who had, from reasonable and probable cause, and in perfect good faith, arrested the man on a charge of felony without a warrant— should be held responsible. The point is this : If a constable has reasonable and probable cause to believo that a felony has been com* mitted, he may arrest a suspected party without a warrant; and ho will beheld harmless by the law, even although no felony may, in fact, havo been committed. Of course, if it could bo shown that the constablo acted without reasonable or probable cause, or that he was actuated by malice, the caso would be very different. The question, then, is, had senior-constable McEUigott reasonable and probable cause to suspect that the man Smith had committed a folony ? I submit, with every respect for the Police Magistrate of Gundagai, that he had, and that therefore, he was not only justified in arresting him, but that it was his boundea duty to do so. The charge that was subsequently preferred against tho prisonor has nothing to do with the matter. The question merely is, as I have already said, had the constablo reasonabto grounds to believe that tho party had committed a felony ? So much for tbo law. Now, regarding 'Justitia's' sneer, so very elegantly ex pressed, that, in entering upon this mattor, I am but ' teaching my grandmother how to suck eggs,' I will merely .obsorvo that I think Mr. Lovo will scarcely thpik his champion for comparing him to an elderly fehialo. I am inclined to imagine that, whtfll his worship read 'Justitia's' letter in your last i&suo;, be must havo been inclined to exclaim, 'Oh, save me from ray friend 1 ' ' Give me th* avow'd, th' erect, th' manly foe, Gold I can meet, perhaps may turn, his blow ; But, of all plagues, good Heaven, thy wrath can send. Save, save — oh, save ine from the candid friend.' LORD MANSFIELD'S GHOST. Tomnt, May 7. 