SOUTH AUST RALIAX C?URSING CLOU Patron— Hia Excellency Sir William Jarrais, G.U.MG.&c.; Piesident-Mr. K. Birr Smith. Vice-presidents- Hon. G. 0. Hawker, Messrs. O. Price, L. Browne, and Wm. Gilbert Treasurer — ar. rr . o. nouuse-veu, jn.r. voansum— Messrs. J. L Stirling, M.P., W. S. Uaaoserell. &LP.;, J. Hart, O. H. T. Hart, O. Pearce. W. Blinman. N. Wheaton, W. Billin. M. Pepper, a,. B. Malcom, Hon. K. C. Biker, Messrs. T. Murray, W. Pile, P. Waite, E. Boarman, W. K. 3imms, T. Irish, O. Colemac, D. M.-Lean, John 3{.encer, Dr. Stirling, Messrs Wm. Phillis, and D Downer. Stewards— Messrs. O Price, W. B. ricuitstvell, Ml', A. K. MaJforn. N. Wheaton, 0\. Pearce, T. Iri.b, and C. H T. Hart. Flag 3te»ard— Mr. Malcom. Field Stewards Messrs. T. Irish, O. Pearce, W. Gilbert, W, f billis, W Biiumao, and Hon. K. O. B iker. Slip Steward- Mr. Billin. biipper— G. Ssaall. Hon. Judge— Mr. J. L. Stirling, M.P. Hon. Secretary— Mr. F. W. Davis. TUI LtltLl-D FA Et 8TAKKS. For sixteen allayed greyhound* at £5 5*. each. Wiener to receive £35 and silver ooll*r ; rannor-up, £.i-) ; third and fourth dogs, £i each. air. W. BUnm»n'f w n. Beatrice, by Tumult— C*«h Duwn. beat Mr. W. S. BlUin's bd b. Lucia, bj ftinc* Lharlej— Kir. Mr. C. I'carce's bLw.b. BaU&a;, by Tomolt— Cain Down, beat 5!t. T. Irish's Dk-w.d. Plunger, bj Domestic— Se skamls, Mr C. J. KeycoldJ us. Hr. Samuel's bd-b. Water ritch, bv Shovealong— Cinderella, beat Sir. Li. McLean tu. Mr. G. Rankio'a bk w b iilacK Bess, by Glencoe. Mr. W. td. Balloi ml d Komeo. by Jack-Fir, beat Mr. F. W. While ns. Mr. W. U. BountevelTs w.bi.b. Uosalba. by M itdom— WhlnuicsL lit. W. rulifoid'i od.w.a. Chorister, by Shorealo&g; —Cinderella, Deal Mr. A. Hewer nx. fulsford's bd-D. bravo, by Uruce— Sharkevri. Mr. C. 1'eara'a r.w b. Kadiant, by Tumult— Lady 'mi, $!' PhSUiii bk-w.b. Newf'e. by B Utle— Fly b.at Mr. W. £. Huoblei bLw.b. LtAj MsUua, by Jack— Mouse. Mr. Ca&t;'t w.b. OaaeUe, by Catcham— Fiddle, beat Mr. W. B. BounuvelTs f.w.D. Buaiexe, bjr I/-A,ml— Emurt. u. Beatrice beat Batafla. Wauiwltch beat Borneo. Radiant beat ChorUtet. Needle beat Caielie. ra. Waterwitch beat Beatrice. Eadianl beat Needle. IV. Mr. C. J. Beynoids oa. Mr. Samuel'* bd.b. Water witch, DjSbovenlong— Ciodeiella, beat Mr. U. i'earces r.w.b. lUdiant, by Xamolt— Lady, and won. j In response to an invitation from tbe pro prietor, Mr. Leonard Browne, the South Aus tralian Cuotsing Club met on tbe Buckland Park Estate on Tuesday, to ran oil a sixteen dog stake. If embers and visitors from Adelaide made the journey via Virginia, and in miking the most complete arrangements for showing every hcspitalicy to bis guests Mr. Browne bad provided breaktaai at the principal hotel io the township. This having been partaken of, tha 'doggy ' men journeyed ou some six or seven miles to tbe wooUhed, tho place appointed to start proceedings at. The weather conld uut have been improved upon, and bad hares proved an absent feature in tbe proceed ings spectators would not have grudged tbe time »pent in strolling after Mr. Seining and the slipper through tbe beautiful paddocks forming part of tbe estate. Backlaud Park is eminently suited for coursing, the ground being soft hud tree from stone, while hares are a- plentiful as blackberries, and those unfortunats enough to pop up within slipping distance of tbe dogs on Thursday were found iu almost every case tqual to tbe proverbial boy in a lolly shop at staving. Owing to a fear on Mr. Browno'a part tbat the lurry tribe would not muster in sufficient force at this lime of the year to admit of a larger stake being decided, the stake run on Thursday was limited to sixteen dogs, thiugo, as matters turned out, Mr. Browne's fears on this score proved unwarranted. In an ordinary year, however, July would not prove a suitable month for coursing at Backland Park ; but on Thursday the veriest grumbler could have found nothing to complain of, and many present ex pressed themselves to tbe effect that tbe day was the best they had had with longtails in the colony, acd all will look forwud with pleasant anticipations to the next meeting, for which the Club will owe their thanks to Mr. Leonard Browne. Shortly after the appointed time the first brace of dogs were placed in the hands of G. Small, the slipper, but they were not uncoupled until an hour had been spent in beating the paddocks. Hares were popping up in all directions during this time, but they selected a safe distance from tbe dogs for breaking cover at, and the delay oscasioaed was becoming somewhat wearisome to the walking portion cf the field when an opportunity to let go occurred. The first attempt resulted in a ' no course,' and a fresh paddock was tried. A creek in the centre furnishud three very pretty trials, and another prolific spot being discovered shortly afterwards, Mr. Stirling had succeeded in deciding the first round, when an adjournment was -n»_le to a corner in the paddock marked by an ancient chimney, where a very substantiil open-air lunch was discussed by members. At the conclusion of the matter of fact part of this performance, Mr. W. B. Kounsevell, M.P., called upon the company to drink the health of Mr. Leonard Browne, to whose kindness tbey were indebted for the very enjoyable day's sport they were having. Mr. Kounsevell, as an en thusiastio conrser, dwelt on the advantages to health, &c;, accruing to those who c*ve up an occasional day to the enjoyment of the sport, and remarked that only the kind co-operation of a few more gentlemen like Mr. Browne was required to place coursing in South Australia npoc a very firm footing. Mr. Browne, ia re turning thanks, hoped the Club would look upon i the present meeting as the first of an annual series. In the future, however, he thought they would do better to visit Backland Park in April or May, as at the present time ot the year the tlaods often rendered j hares particularly scarce, and the ground too wet for walking. On Mr. Stirling taking control of affairs again, three very pretty conrscs were quickly run off, and then fresh ground was sought, the journey from piddock :o paddock being made easy to those oa wheels or horseback by the forethought of the pro prietor in having two or three panels of the wire lecce cut, acd a tlag hoisted to mark tne spot. Hares appeared in regularity in the two last paddocks tried, and by S o'clock the stake had been won by Waterwitch, a bitch running in the same interest as Chorister, though not nominated in Mr. Fulsford's name. Iu all her courses Waterwitch displayed superiority over her opponent, theugh when put in the klips for tbe final tussle, Kadiant had bad, by reason of her gruelling with Chorister and Needle, so much of the powder taken out of her that her defeat waa easily explained. The winner is tomewhat small, but »he is a very clever fast bitch, that earned honours ia the &prington; Pnppy Stakes, which fell to her share in 1S80. She is a full sister to Chorister, being by Shove siocg oat of Cinderella. Sbevealoug appears to have a story attached to him, and the story is told in different ways, but if Choir Bay and Quiver are his parents the succuss of his progeny is cot surprising. Mr. J. L. Stirling, M.P., made a most impartial and skilful Judge, alwayu being where his dogs were, and evidently {pos sessing the entire confidence of the field. Mr. A. K. Malcom acted as (lag steward, and Messrs. O. Pearce and T. Irish rendered the Judge valu tble assistance by doing their twit to keep over-sLxious spectators from intruding upon sacred ground. G. Small did the slip ticg, and though once or twice fault waa tound with him fcr Bot ' iettiug go' in the morning wbeu tbe hsro was rataer out of distance, Lis work was well doue. Tie attendance was confined to tke sterner sez during tbe morning, but after lunch the Misses Jcrvois accompanied Mrs. Browne on horseback to the ground, and remained t3 tbe conclusion cf the proceedings. Among the visitors were several members oi tbe Legislature, and we also noticed Mr. Charles Price, of Hindmarsh Island, taking a lively interest iu tbe sport, which owes its soccessf ul inauguration to tbe help given by him to the newly formed club. 1-irst Kound.— Aft«r a no-course between Beatrice and Lucia, Ratafia and Plunger were slipped to a strong bare, which gave them a splendid run. Katafia bad a liUJe the best of it all through, and wound up witb a kill. Water-witch got a long lead of Black Bess, owing to the latter getting unsighted in the -arly part of the course, but tbe bundle showed (.reat unperiority throughout the course, and won with Iota in hand. Beatrice was faster in going to the b»re than Lucia, and she bad done the fcreater part ef the work when pu»s found shelter in the creek and ended a very pretty ccurte. Kef-alba and Komeo were a long time in slips before a bare started. P.omeo led up, but once the got in the puppy worked her game beautnully, and she looked all o\er a winter until they got into the bu-te*. Then her light frame was all agaiait her, aid Komeo, working off the score against him, wen a very stoutly contested trial. Chorister rxace s good beginDicg with Bravo, though he ran rather unsteadily, and as be got nunighte-l, the latter part of the trial, which was all in favour of Bravo, was cot taken into account by the Judge. Tie dogs ^ot alter a second hare, which Bravo killeo. Needle led to tte hare by several leegths and scored very rapidly. The other bitch got possession for the turn, when Needle irew away again, and thoogb she received the go-by, she killed before Lady Melista bad a chance of making up tbe ground Ictt at the tegicnisg. G&zelle; Jed up, when Kosiere got in and worked puss very cicely in tbe bushes, but the white bad the pace of her in ihe open ; though tbe could cot. go fast enough to turn the hare, her superiority aver Koskre was undoubted. First Ties. — Bca'.iice and RaUfra proved very evenly matched. Beatrice was fastest frcm the ulips, bu: oc EaUfia getting in tbey rsc a rplecdid exchanging coarae until Katafia fell. She quickly recovered her ot!f, but the bare inakiog good her escape in the creek the liag went up for Beatrice. The trial between t! oaajo and Watar w itch wis very abort. The dog was ftstest from kh;e, but tie Jt!l, »E'i Wsterwitch getting pu» ?*??*??. *? P°* po» aboat ia brilliant st-le, and killed without g^ing Borneo the ghost of ? chance of counterbalancing bb bjd link. N. edie aod Gaaello wets nuaighfed, bat G»seU» soon saw her quarry, and .Needle m*dj- up hur lost ground in fine stjle. Tbry worked the haie all round the paddock, aod afiet a long coarse Keedle outstayed her opponent aod gaiiied tha Judge's verdict. Radiant showed ereat itta« r.oihy ©*w Cfcorlstcr when they started a itrou ' b»re,tbe bt indie and 'bite running verj shiftily* When he settled dowo, however. Chorister worked very cleverly, and be was doing as he liked when tbe bare got away at the esvl ot a regular grneller. The advantage gained by Radiant at the opening, b«wever, caoud th* Jurfje to decide 'n bis favour. Second Ties. — Waterwitch led Bsttrioe op, and (jettirg well plaoed did nearly all tbe work, and won a very pretty trial. Had. ant w%» faster and cleverer than Needle till they worked round a boose, with Needle in possetafoa. Afterwards they emerged from here and cro»*-d into another p-iddock, f eedle being lengths to tbe good and doing all tbe work benelf ; but tbe Judge decided the coarse at tbe. time he lost sight of them, and in favour of Radiant. Deciding Coarse.— After waiting for half an boor Waterwitch acd Kadiant were slipped to a grand hare in the centre of the ground. Tha bit-h led up, acd running in brilliant style, beat Radiant in tbe most decisive manner at ev«rv part of a very long course, at the end of whi-h tbe hare beat both dogs. 