THE DEMON ' DH INK A LJFE SKETCH. (Bv ToIUALILA.) ? ^A.gl ,(-niy! and !i|.-|juronLlv enrlless forest.,; iii.AVliioii.iliij full ; trunk. s.nf tlio ijiim tri'tw'' : l'niis Avi)!it-:anilii;li()st-like towaril.s i.hov'slcy. ' J l -\ rtb ii i«;li r.,; a drii-krstiiniiy ;iiruiii'v nijjlit-;? \- vfiuntu -it .wind iiowli!(i and' liis.sod and ?! , Hwav^dj, tho itwl.y. Uim no! iu.s overhead in-. wi hi. :f-!.. i tactic iiiovL'inon Is, : whilst' heavy- showers : : or. raiii, ever auu -mi-mi swept; meiilcly -.iover \- the dreary .:wiiste-^ the dripping, dripping ' rain, and ? the - sad - moaning of' the wind, only varied now and then by the nielan eholy howl of some hungry miserable v dingo, or the still more weird despairing . note ot .the curlew, presented a scene as dreary and wretched as the mind could conceive. Close to a huge fallen tree might be seen u small fire, by the side of 'which a form iuv motionless ori the cold wet ground. Presently the fire began to burn lower and lower, till at last nothing was left but -i few red embers, where before the bright dames had been This seemed to aroiise tho sleeper ; slowly and painfully he arose Irom the ground ; feebly he gathered a few sticks, and having plaeed them on the dying embers, coaxed the bright flames once more to appear. As he sat crouching ovev the (ire. one could see his face by the flickering light ; and, oh, God ' what n face it was. Not that his face was bad. or his features misshapen ; on the contrary, he must have been at one time remarkable for hU good looks; but its expression now, oh! it was tlu.it which inspired tho beholder with feelings of pity; pity and fear; it bore such a mingling 'of remorse, despair, and helpless fear. It was the face of one whose every desire in life was gone, whose past was shame, and whose future was wholly and entirely without hope. Three short years before this night he had left his father's rectory a high-spirited hopeful young man. Carefully trained from his childhood up; loved and petted , by a fond mother rend doting sisters ; he had passed the first years of his life in the enjoyment of all that a happy and comfort able home could give him. Ashe was the second son, his father considered it advis able to send him to Queensland, there to push his fortunes with the small amount of ; capital with which he could supply him. Accordingly, after many words of advice, and admonitions for his future guidance, and tearful embraces from all he hold most dear, he found himself on board the good ship X, bound for Rockhampton. After his first grief at parting from home and friends had passed away, his natural buoyancy of spirit enabled him tu look for ward to the future with a brave spirit, and u strong hope that having acquired fortune, ho should return happy and successful to those whom he loved before many years had passed. But he knew absolutely nothing of the world ; his life hitherto had been so carefully guarded from all tempta tions that his very innocence was likely to cause his ruin. There were but two saloon passengers besides himself — one a harmless plodding Scotchman, and the other a reck less hut plausible sharper, who had lived for several years in Australia before. His anecdotes of colonial life pleased our hero, and he congratulated himself on his luck . in having such a friend, ready to coach him up in his new life. Gradually he fell more and more under the influence of this man, and took his first step towards ruin by . allowing himself to be persuaded to drink. The dreary monotony of the long voyage, ? the_cnnstant example of his fellow passen getyhis own high spirits and love of good -.Y.;ielIovyship,- all combined to weaken the high principles which he possessed. And when they at last reached their destination, the very knowledge that all he loved and re . spected were thousands of miles away ; that he was friendless and unknown on a foreign shore, caused him to fall more easily into the traps laid for him by his fellow passenger, the sharper. We will not detail the old, old story of the growth of vice. Suffice it, that our hero awoke ono morning- to find himself not only nearly penniless, but deserted by all who when he had money professed to be his friends. With a couple of pounds in his pockets — his blanket 011 his shoulder, he left. Rockhampton, in the hope of getting work i to do up the country, where his antece ! dents were unknown. Weeks passed away, j ill fortune pursued him, his inexperience ofi^ manual labour was against him, he failed to j find employment. The rough hard-ships! and privations to which he was exposed i soon brought their fruits, and ill to death's ; door there we find him on the wild stormy night previously described. After having made up the fire as well as he was able, he once again lay down 011 hj^ cold wet bed ; and notwithstanding the cold, he fell into a sweet soft sleep.. A' dream of home swept through his brain ; he was a boy once more, A gala night in the dear old rectory, far, far away; the school fellows whom he has been permitted to invite a:e there; the mistletoe hang3 in the ivy covered poich; he placed it there ? and eonceals himself so as to take advan tage of tlie tii st who comes beneath it; a lovely girl, with long rippling golden hair, laughing merrily (how distinctly he can hear her), comes tripping in; with eager eyes he watches her; a minute more she is beneath tho mistletoe. One spring, his arm is round her \Vaist, and the merry Christ mas tribute paid.. The dream changes; he is now a man, and she is to him the fairest of the fair; they are strolling in a shady lane; it is spring time, and nature in honor wears her fairest apparel ; he breathes the words of love into her ear. What ecstasy, she also loves. Quickly the dream again changes; he is in the midst of a crowd; ho is troubled ; his heart is full of an un definable fear; and she is there, looking sad, so mournfully sad ; presently one by one his latlner, mother, and sisters glide silently past him ; they speak not ; but look at him with an expression of unutterable sudneos and reproach on their pale faces, as the}' ftit. slowly -away from his troubled sight. In .rlesnair ho -iturns ' to ? her— the one who . still ruiiiaiiis;by his. side-r-he implore', her to explain: : the meaning of this vondrous. . scene. A- mmi rn fill, sin ile spreads :over her' face, and'.slcwly; ad va ncing she r presses heri icy cold lips on hji loiehead \Wh a l(-eble 1 st.ut. he awoke— only to feel the cold lain ^beating in his.face ;? only, to-hoar the moan- « ing and cieacking of tho trees, as tlioy* : swayed to and , fro,' tossed by the tempests:; Weary- Nature* cbuld.su pport.no more, and instinct told him that'his days were nuin-' bered. Without a friend to hear his dying moans, with no gentle voice to soothe those awful moments when life and ? death struggle liercely together, he lay beneath ; the pitiless storin, alone to meet his fate. | : Before the morning broke, the look of des- j ! pair and woe had left his face, for death had. 1 swept the.iines of care away, leaving naught I but tho bright frank smile of youth in its place. That night in the old rectory, far, far away, there was music aud dancing, for one of his sisters had just been married. Little thought they as they laughed and danced, that he whom they loved so well, and of whom they felt so proud, had, through his own weakness and folly, died that night the ! death of a dog. j Note. — This story is strictly founded on certain (acts which came under the author's observation, many years ago, in Queens land. The above is but a mild specimen of what the Demon Drink is capable of doing, even to those who have had every advan tage of careful training and good influences i to back it. I ? ? ? 