LOCAL AND GENERAL. OWING to the weather interfering with the working of the Southern telegraph lines, the expectcd cablegram of the result of the fianlan* Laycock sculling match had not come through up to tbe time of our going to press this morning. HOSPITAL.— Report for the weekending yes terday ; — Admitted, 9 ; discharged, 5 ; died, 3 ; out-patients, 14 ;? remaining in Hospital, 27 ; i total treated, 49. OWING to his growing success in Brisbane, Signor Ortori, ' the poet violinist ' who was ' announced to make his first Appearance iu this town to- night, bas been compelled to postpone ! His fir£t concert to later in the week. The exact date wo believe to be Thuradny, but are not positively informed on this poiut. The advertisement inviting tenders for*tbe branch Mail service to Maryborough has just been altered by the Postmaster-General ; the service is now to branch off at Keppsl Bay, not | at Gladstone as originally advertised. This alteration looks very much as if the Govern- : incut had yielded to Bockhampton pressure and abandoned the intention of making Glad- ; stone a port of call of the Torcee Straits Mail i boats. The secondof tbe steam hopper bargee being built by Messrs. Tooth and Co„oitbe Vulcan Foundaty at their shipbuilding yards, near the Union Sawmill, is so far completed thatammge ments were made for launching her. Owing, however, to an unforeseen hitch, the cr.idle sunk a little, and the barge, having slid about ten feet from tbe starting placc« oame to a stand still, necessitating the loss of a tide or two, and a little extra labor on the part of the contrac tors' workmen, The Government have notified to the Muni cipal Council of Warwick that they intend to withhold the usual endowment, for the purpose of paying oft tbe waterworks loan, both prin cipal find interest, no- withstanding the Council's objection to take the works over in their pre sent incomplete state. Tbe ratepayers are in dignant at the action of the Government. The new ' Local Woi-ks Loan Bill' threatens to knock on the head Corporation endowments generally. There are many residents in Maryborough and the Burnett District who will receive, with sincere regret, the news of the death of Cap tain George R. Maclean, a gentleman whose genial sun-browned features a^id soldierly bear ing may occasionally have been seen in town, and bad a special interest for the compara tively few who bad crossed the barrier of well* bred reserve which bis uuassuming modesty had erected, and hadbeen placed on terms. of warm friendliness. Captain Maclean had been suffering from a a severe attack of typhoid fever, to which be succumbed yesterday morning. It is gratifying to be able to announce that the Minister for Education bas acquiesced in the coarse adopted to -ensure the establishment of a Primary School at the foundry end of tbe town. An official communication has been received by the Secretaiy to the provisional committee approving of the proposed school and the site, and intimating tbat ae soon as tbe u&jjal; fifth of tbe estimated cost of both land and building is forthcoming, tenders will be called for. It now only remains for those who have gcuerously promised subscriptions to send the money along to Mr, Barring ton without delay. At the Police Court since oar last issue, intoxication has furnished the leading theme. On Saturday a charming Bacchante, yclept Hary Ann Bower, scorned with much maidenly indignation tbe constable's sworn testimony to her unsteady progress through Kent-street at the witching hour of 1 a,m, when churchyards yawn and ghosts troop forth. Five shillings please, or eight hours. Exit in charge of Police who sing ' Poor Mary Ann.' Yesterday, Carl Dargets, who was liberated on bail, came man fully np to time and paldhaU-a-BOv.to condone the crime of choosing the gutter in Kent-street lor a bed-room* An assault case Weston v. Pitt, was adjourned till to-day ^Tuesday). XT is, we hope, unnecessary to remind our readers tbat the last three day6 havo been ex ceedingly hot .; they would probably consider such reminder as an insult added to nnavoid able injury ; bat for tbe benefit of friends at a distance who may be interested in our weather, i we may record thattbe average beat during the j three days was about 140° in the sum, and 98° . in tbe shade, -The strong westerly wind blow- - ing .on Thursday, coming straight from the burntrup plains in tbe interior, was quite suffi cient warning to old reslde&ts; to be off .to the bay or make other satisfactory arrangements for passing the inevitable fiery ordeaL We tpaf add tbat if £hfr ^eathier continues, the parsons yrill have Iromihre&teQing; eternal pnoCsbtne^t'' to ^diMlonis^ for with; the thermometer stationary .at th? figures ^i veil - 