APSLEY. j t [from our own correspondent, 1 April 23. 1 I have not a great deal to write | about this week, nothing hayingoccnrred to disturb the tranquility of our fair city. I think it was Mark Twain who tells how over-joyed he was when on one occasion he could get nothing to report*- A man'killed another in some public house brawl. I would not care about anything so'highly sensational as that; but if something akin to the famed Riley scare would crop up again it would not be amiss. It is a great pity we have no District Council here. There is nothing more impressing to read than what Mulloney road costs, or the various conjectures as to whom it will most benefit. Statements and refutations of same, and gentlemen mildly suggesting ! to each other—not that they are not telling the truth-—but they have forgotten something very essential to the I proper telling of the story, and have, by mistake, substituted a little invention of their own. Verily these are the men who, if smitten on one cheek would not turn the other also. Their jforbearance to stand a second would be too great for that. If the Farmers* Union work well we may yet have such a desideratum in our midst, Till then Apsley can never become truly great. Many farmer's seem to have strange misconceptions with regard to eligibility for membership in these Unions. Some think that squatters should not be admitted as members. Tills is a self-evident fallacy, for their interests are almost identical with those of the farmer, and, besides, tliey would always be in the minority, and even if they wished, would not be able to carry any motion subversive to farming interests; There is little doubt but that these Unions—if working on the same principles throughout the colony—-must eventually become a strong political organisation, and it would be a pleasing if jealousy that has hitherto existed between the large-landed proprietor and theirlessfortunate brethren wasdone away with ; and if squatter and farmer pull at the same end of the rope, it will make the load lighter for both. The palmy days of squatting are over in Victoria, but these pioneers of civilization have had that which they desired, viz., long leases and almost nominal rents, easy terms on which to acquire a competency. Now that the change has come—which change was bound to come sooner or later—they have no cause to grumble at those who, in a manner of speaking, come in for the crumbs; and it is folly for either class to look upon the other with jealousy for doing that which all men have a right to do, viz., look out for themselves. We have simply to reverse positions and the truth becomes apparent,feelings alter with position ; and the selector who declaims against the squatter, would, if a squatter, have declaimed against the selector. Possession is said to be nine points of the law, and those who have held a large tract of country for years begin to look npon it as their own, and look upon those who coine to settle on their runs as invadeis. Any candid man will admit that, though another man may have a perfect right to settle on the land, the right is an unpleasant one. For any member of Parliament to speak of bursting up large estates is not only absurd, but likewise unjust. Because men have been provident and secured for themselves large holdings, is that any pretext for treating them unjustly] Any man who could give utterance to such nonsense could only be pandering to the masses,the majority of whom have little stake or interest in the colony. For any tax to be equitable it would have to fall on great and small alike, and if our gifted Premier and his party ever lay on such a tax as will cause large holders to bust up their estates, it will be bad times for smaller fry. Tlrere is nothing to prevent these two classes from working in unison with each other, and the admission of squatters into any union is a thing much to be desired. The petition re the appointment of J.P.'a, Electoral Registrars, etc., are being taken round for signatures, and as these m -tters are of great importauce to the district, they will, no doubt, be numerously signed. It is said that the telegraph line from Harrow to Apsley is to be proceeded with shortly. It is to be lioped the matter will not be delayed for departmental reasons, A late number of the Scotsman has an amusing leading article, devoted to the blunder of a divine in the famed Isle of Stye. The rev. gent, astonished his congregation one Sunday morning by informing them with the utmost gravity that " England was on the eve of war with Russia and that Russian cruisers might any day be expected off the coast." Her Majesty had he said telegraphed to Parliament to imprison Mr. Gladstone who had been found out in one of his traitorous schemes, which was, to deliver India up to Russia. The ministers were worrying each other like dogs and all this the Rev. gentleman said " he had predicted a year before." After the service the minister was interviewed in the vestry, when he further added to the wonderful by saying " that he had not told them the worst." Next morning the fishing boats did not put out fo sea, as the fishers were afraid of being caught by some Russian cruiser. Some of the better-informed residents of the isle went to the minister again and fonnd that he had got his information from a comic journal which a friend had sent down from London; and was in consequence the dupe of a cleverly writteu hoax, which any school-boy could have seen through at a glance. The editor asks, " Will it be believed that this same1 minister studied at college not more than twelve years ago and further adds that those who sat in judgment in. the Robertson-Smith case were probably men of the same type. Perhaps this minister wished $p bring his name before the world, and could accomplish it in no other way than this. He is evidently one of those ;of whom the poet wrote when ho said-^ A net of dull conceited Hashes' ConfusetheHHrainsin college classes, ' They gang in starks and come pot asses,''' Plain truth' to speak. ■ Whatever this minister may have been ' when he entered the colleg^, it is very evident that his studies there had hot brightened hia intellect a great deal. When a man who, has had the best of. opportunities for acquiring knowledge can be so easily gulled, we can scarcely wonder that there are so many believers in the celebrated miracles of | Knock. There are those who are unkind enough to say that these latter were got up by some speculative individuals, for since tbey commenced Knock has greatly increased in size and opulence. It lias even been asserted that someone had been practising with a magic lantern. It is difficult to believe this, for amongst the hundreds who assembled to witness the miracles there must have been some intelligent people. Many ministers tell us that the age of miracles is past, and the: world has become so wicked that the bright inhabitants of the Celestial regions can visit us no longer; but here is a direct contradiction. The good people of Knock have had several visits, and the Holy Virgin herself, bearing in her arms the infant Savior, and attended by angels, was seen on one of the; occasions. She even came,so close that the dress she wore—a white robe and blue sash, was distinctly visible. These things were visible to the eye of faith only, which blessed optic is- possessed | by the followers of the only true Church (done. How many volumns of logical reasoning would it take to convince the good people of Knock, that the miracles were and are delusions! I think it was Mark Twain who offered, a reward to anyone who could bring him "A real live ghost." He might offer another for the first substantiated miracle which will take place when the live ghost is run in but not before. What a sight it would be to see your Corporal aided by the puissant arm of the Infantrunning in a ghost for having no light in his binacle. This is very absurd but not more so than all accounts of apparitions and miracles. Knock to the contrary. 