THE POACHER'S GHOST. Now, one night, out with old ' Tim the Glint,' and some other ne'er-do-weels of the country, the peeler patrol approaching by the road, gave him a scare, though still at a considerable distance. At once he struck a lucifer match to his companions, warning them of the danger abroad, and as rapidly descended to the ground from the tree where he had beea ordered for observa tion. Taking every by-path known to him, lie came out on an old fellow's land, a grim curmudgeon, who, catching a glimpse of his figure against the sky, knew at once his customer, together with his character for evil deeds, and his deep-seated superstition. Thinking he was after his hen roost, or at least his turnips, he determined to give him a fright^ and that too, not by any means known to the law. Seeing an immense mangold before the fellow came on, he plucked it with a jerk from the ground, and placed it over the top of his head, covering his face the while with his handkerchief, and standing still as the grave, while by was speeding the unlucky bird poacher. *' Waw — aw — aw — oo— oo — aw 1' — a repe tition of groaus that seemed to start out of the earth rang upon his affrighted ears. He stopped ; his hair began to rise ; he peered into the gloom ; he saw a gigantic figure before him, and in an effort of despairing nature uttered a cry. * Waw — aw— aw — oo 1' -again rang the groan. The fellow took off his hat and piously crossed himself ; then he felt, as he afterwards said, the rale courage of a Christian. ' Ho ! I — agh — Misther. In the name of the twelve deadly sins, spake ! Spake if ye've a livin' man, for — for— for-— I'm greatly freetened.' ' Fm not a livin' man,' rang out the hollow Toice, in a tone that froze the fellow's marrow ; ' I am a ghost, so I am.' ' Oo —oo — oo ! Oh, lor- a-messy — forgive ! O deckrof ungis Klavi Kateheh, auiin. Save me savft in pinitince an' purgatory. 0 solemn Saint Kullumkill. What's this fur at all 1 What did I ever to you, ghost ? I ax yon that in the name o' nine blessed mandhromarvins coniin' .' ' Stole me hins — stole me ducks — stole me geese,' echoed the voice of the ghost. ' Ah ! blessed Pether, if Fm to be sot on by everybody's ghost that I robbed fowl from, I'd better die at wanst, for livin' would be a torthur.' ' Fm watchin' you these four years,' said the ghost. ' O lor, more worser an' worse. Would you have any objection to me wipia' aff the passfyrashun, sur ?' ' Four years ; but now I have you at last. I'm not allowed to spake to ye, by raison of ye havin' a tarrier dog mostly wid you ; but prepare to come wid me. 1 have you now.' ?' O sur, O murther ; O think o' me dotia' father, an' me lovin' family, sur. O, if an oort swore on the twilve pinnytenehal psalms, sur, that I'll stale no more from you, will prevint you from thrubblin' me, I'll do it right off.' ' Well then, sware,' said the voice. ' Now, mind you, I'm the father's gliost of the man that owns the land, and, be the morchal, if ever I ketch you agin, down to pergattery ye go ; aud instead, of takin' my hand on my promise here, take my head.' And he flung the mangold full at him. Down dropped the unhappy flyby night in a fit, where he was found a half imbecile in the morning; but from that good hour out has led an altered life. — Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News. 