THE FUNERAL OF THE OZAR. Sr. PEfEiiSBuno, 19th March. To-day, in accordance with tho proclamation ot tho mounted heralds, who bail yesterday evening predicted tho event all over Si. Petersburg, tlio mortal remains of tho Emperor Alexander II. were translerred from tho chamber of death in the Winter Palace to tlio Cathedral of St, Pntnr nnd Paul with the usual elaborate pomp and solemnity observable on sucb iiul occasions. To describe in anything iiko detail tlie composition of tho vest and imposing procession wbicb for several hours to-day wound its slow and melancholy way from the Winter palace to tlio Jortress would require at least five or six columns of your Space, so I shall content myself by preaeu ting you with tho main features of the Intorminabie ror- ttgs. Three camion fired from the fortress hav ing directed tho various mourners to get ready and take tlieir places, a similar kiIvd about mid day gave the signal to start, when tho sable standard, bearing iu whito tho initials of the murdered monarch, was unfurled over the for tress, the artillery began to fire off minute guns, and nil the bolls of tho eity began ta_ toll. The who's route was lined by troops of the garri son, immediately behind .whom the public wero permitted to.staiid, hut no gallery or platform for tlieir convenience Iiad been erected, and house holders were only allotvod at their personal risk and peril to let their wiudows Und balconies to strangers. The polico; had taken exceptional measures to preserve order, in tile maintenance of which the public, by handbills, wero invited to oo-operntci Iu hundreds of thousands did the populace of all classes Hook to tho Neva quays, nnd ovary one had nn aspect of mourn ing. At! the houses and pnblio hitildings, too. showed the samo .amount of sable (lags ami 'drapery as when tho Empress, not a year ago, wis similarly conveyed from the Palace to the fortress. At twelve o'eloak the cortege began to move, and it was noar two before tho fortress was reached, tho cannon firing nnd tho bells loll ing all tlio time, aud till tbo body of tho de ceased Emperor was deposited on the catafalque prepared for it -in tlio cathedral. The procession consisted in all of thlrtcm sections, compris ing 172 groups or raembors. First, at tiia heod of it rosea master of tho ceremonies, followed by tlie private escort of tho Emperor ; tho mounted drummers ntul trumpeter of tho Horse Guards, a monntod officer iu uniform and deep mourning, a marshal' of superior rank, with 'his bftton, a squadron of his Majesty's Hussars of the Gtuml, four companies of tho Guard Regiment of Paviovsk, of the Grenadiers, the Engineers, and' the Chasseurs of the Guard ; then another superior officer of the Imperial stable, followod by -10 liveried footmen, marching four abreast, eight lackeys and us tunny kitcbcn-roon, likewise in fours, and a corps of 20 pages, with their com mander. At tbo head of tho second section of '.lie cortfgc rode another master of tlio oeremoiiics leading up a Imtan-bo.iriiig marshal und the Imporittl standard with tlio family arms, and ilia Majesty's charger, flunked by two subaltern officers, and followed by two grooms. Titan followed five standnr Is, boering respectively the uriiiB of 'Tcherkiisk, Armenia, Kabnrdn, Georgia and ICurataiinu, carried by mounted functionaries of tho eighth clnsm and each of their horses led by two subaltern officers. Then came tho third seotion of tho long procession, including four teen other standards, also borne by mounted functionaries of tiie eighth class, nnd followed by iuoio chargers and grooms. After this, iu similar order and array, came the fifth section, comprising tbe twenty-six standards of tho other districts and provinces of Russia. Follow ing these several banners came other emblems of Imperial power in the shape of tho manno flag, carried by 11 naval captain ill deep mourning, ac companied by two frigate captains, and llion the great black and whito'Cilk standards with tho imperial arms, tho former followed by a horse richly draped with Eablcs, tbe drapery similarly blazoned, and the latter by a figure which at tracted much attention— a knight in golden armor, mounted upon a gorgeously harnessed steed, carrying a drawn swore, and supposed to sym bolise the bright and spotless character of the departed Sovereign. Alter him walked u man nt arms in sable armor, with a drawn sword, and then the mourning standard of black silk, followed by a horse in drapery of the saino hue, two grooms, witb throe officers of tho Imperial stable. The sixth section was headed by anothor mounted master of tbo ceremouies, followed by a marshal of the rank of major-general and tho official of the sixth clnss, bearing the blazoned shields of Schleswig-Holstein, Taurida, .Siberia, Finland, I'ol.md, - Astrakan, Knsan, . Nov gorod, Vladimir, Kieff, nnd Moscow, with tho grand escutcheon of tlio Empire pro- ceded by four major-generals and carried by two such officers, assisted by two other superior ones— all in full-dress uniform and' dcop mourning. Thon, similarly led as the other sections, walked representatives of tho tlireo enrporations of peasants, middle-class citizens, aud merchants, with those of rural administra tion, and tho mnyor of St. Petersburg, followod by the civic secretary, and the .Masters of the various trade guilds, curving tlie symbols of their profession. Then tho representatives of various seihslvos or provincial assemblies, of the nobility of the capital and tho country, of the Various courts of justice, witb those of the various governments, fee. These wore followed, beaded by a master of ceremonies its usual, by the Red Cross, the Economical nnd tho Philan thropic Societies, by the office-bearers aud pupils of tho ostablishmants, under tho Conseil do Tu- jelle luiperiuio throe abreast. Close upon these, iu similar marching order, came marshals repre senting the Ministries of Posts and Telegraphs, Justice, Roads mid Public Communication, and for the control of tlio Empire, with uuinorous offi cials from these departments, and also from the various other ministries and high civil, legisla tive and administrative bodies and State organ isms and autocratic officialisms. Tlio sable inoilalony was next relieved by a squadron of liia Majesty's Cuirassiers of tlio Guard, two heralds, nnil four colonels carrying tho four swords of tho Empire revorsod. Then followed n crowd 0 functionaries of tlio fourth class carrying on golden cushions tlie foreign decorations, orders and medals of tlie deceased Sovereign, 57 I11 number, 11111I including all tho proudest and most distinguished honors of the kind in Christendom ami even .Mussulmandom— ' the Garter, tho Black Eagle, tho Golden Fleece, the Holy Ghost, the Elephant, and tlio Mcd- jidifi ; _ ami ufter those caine functionaries of tho third class bearing his Majesty's seventeen other Russian orders and medals, comprising n golden ono in memory of the emancipation of tho serfs nnd _ throe othois for tlio war of the yeais 1S52, 1855 and 1858, the conquest of tho Western Caucasus between 185!) and 1801, and tho Turkish campaign of 1377-78. After Llicse, in the care of funelionarios of the second class came the crowns of tlie kingdoms of Georgia Jauris, Siberia, Poland, Astrakhan and Kazan, with the Imperial globe, sceptre and crown, fol lowed by two musters and the Urugd Master of tho Ceremonies1 — all these order and insignia- bearing officials being flanked on each side by a battalion of cudeta from St. Paul's Military School, marching in single file. The 13vh section brought up n taper-carrying mul titude of ecclesiastical persons, including the singers of .Saint Alexander Nowsky and tlio cathe dral of Notre Danto de Kazan, tho clergy, the metropolitans of Novgorod and St. Petcrslmrg, tlio archdeacons and priests of tho court, and tlie father confessor of the deceased Emperor, and now at last appeared tho gorgeously gilt funeral car, drawn by eight horses, led by as many func tionaries of the eighth class. On each corner sat four aides-de-camp of his lato Majesty, the cords and tassels depending from tlio pull being held by eight generals and as many mnjor- geiior.ds, all in dcop mourning, while at tbo sides of the car walked sixty liveried i'.qp-3» " Minimi ivionoa. immediately alter the imposing tato hoarse thus escorted walked tho Emperor Alexander III. in full-dress geuoral's uniform of tho l'reobnjenski Regiment of tho Guard, looking sad and serious yet confident liml composed : His Majesty being followed by tiie Ministers of his household, the Minister of War, and two or three generals of his suite, with all tlio members of tho House present in St. Peters burg, and including tho Graud Dukes Vladimir, Alexis, Sorgius, Paul, Constantine S'ergius, MichuclovitsTi, Dimitri, the three Nicholases, Peter, the two Michaels, George and Alex ander — all on foot like His Majesty, with tlio following princes Roinanoff'sky, Louch- tonberg, Nicholas and George Mnximi- lianovitch, Peicr, Alexander, nnd Con stantino of Oldenburg, and-the Dukes George and Michael of Mceklenburg- Sirsiitz. Following them walked tho generals and aides-de-camp or tho Emperor, with the aides-de-camp and suites of their Imperial Highnesses and tbo foreign Princes just mentioned, and then, preceded by a company of tho greimdiors of tho palace, ap proached u stately mourning coach wij.li tho Em press and her children, accompanied by tbo Princess Alario Paulovna, wife of tlie Grand Duko Wlndiinir. tho wiudows of tho eurriago being flanked by two esquires at arms, and tlio rear being guarded by. a couple of Cossacks. Almost similarly escorted drove in one mourning eurriago the Grand Duchesses Alexanders Josophsvna, daughter of tlio into puke of Saxc-Altonuiirg and wife of the Grand Duke Constantino, Olga Kcolorovnn, a princess of Baden nnd wife of the Grand Duke Michael, with the Duchess of Edinburgh, and ia another carriage the Princess Marie Maxi- milianovmi, tho Princess Rotnnnorsky, Dueliess de Lenchtenbcrg, Theresa Petrovna, tlio Prin cess EngiSnio Maxitnilianovmi of Oldcnherg, and the Dueliess Ufilt-no Georgiovna of Mecklcnborg-Strelitz. Following these came tho Ladies of Honour attending on these Princesses, then the great Court officials, with chamberlains and genllcmen-in-waiting. His late Majesty's physicians and body servants. Sc., five companies from ns many regiments of- tho Guards, one battery of Artillery, two sqnad- rons of Cavalry, anothor battery of Uorao Artil lery, aud finally a squadron from tho School of Cavalry Cadets. As the funoral car passed, all tiie troops along tbo lino of route presented arms, while tlio bands of tlie various military contingents in tbo cortege played solemn music. .On the beursc arriving at tho en trance to. the cathedra!, in winch places had been previously assigned, among others, to tho Ambassadors, ministers, and other membors of tho Diplomatic Corps, with their ladies, the pall was taken up by eight generals, while the Em peror, assisted by the Grand Dukes and Princes, lifted tho coffin aud boro it into tho sacred pile, precodcd by tbe -Metropolitan and clergy, aud placed it- on the catafalque prepared for it. On each side of tho coffin- hoarers marched six Grouadiors of tbe Paioco withouc their arms, and six under-officers of the Guard Regi ments whereof tbo deceased Czar was chief, with their helmets off. Tho steps of tbe catafalque being thus reached, tlie coffin-lid was taken off by eight uides-dc-cniup of the Em peror and laid upon a tabic covered witii a silver cloth fringed with gold. On the upper cstrwlc of tlie catal'nlqiio, 011 each sido of tlie coffin, six captains 01 the Guard take their stand ; on the steps twelve pages ; at tho foot as many pupils from tlio military schools ; beside the columns supporting tho canopy, four under- officers of the Granadiors of too Palace with grounded arms — all as a guard ot honor ; wliilo tlie entrance to the cathedral, outside and inside, is guarded by four sentinels. The coffin having beon placed upon tiie catafalque, tho Metropolitan, assisted by the superior clorgy, commenced tbe solemn and impressive service for the dead, in which all most fervently joined. Sr. Prtbrsiicro, 21st March. Enormous crowds are visiting tlio lying in State of the late Emperor's remains in tho f ortress Church. The catafalque bearing the coffiu stands in the centre of a raised platform in tbe'forni of a cross with -seven steps 011 all sides, 't he platform is covered with crimson cloth, and tbo lloof of the church with black cloth. A baldachin is sup ported above the platform by four columns, to wbicb arc attach od tbe four ends of tho cloth of gold, lined with ermine, that bangs suspended over tho bier. Tho huge crown- shaped top of tho baldachin is surmounted with white ostrich feathers. On the gold cloth of tho canopy tlio Imperial arms draped in black crape arc seen at intervals. Across the foot of tho coffin is the gold mantle, edged with ermine. Four general aides- de-camp stand at oaeli corner close to tiio coffin, and several other officers und members of tbo military schools stand motionless around. Ono Grenadier of the palace is posted at the foot of the catafalque, which is towards the altar. At tbe head the priests, with lighted tapers, con tinually read the Scriptures. Clustered in somi- circles round tho head and foot of the coffin are the Imperial regalia and orders and decorations on gold cushions, resting on small stools, also covered with gold cloth. Tho lid of the coffin, covered witii beautiful flowers and bearing the sword and helmet, rests _ on a raised structure on one side of tho church. It has the simple inscription on a gold plato of tho birth, accession and death of tiro most illustrious Alexander II. Un the two sides of tho church are the beautiful white innrblo tombsof tlio docciutail sovereigns, tho more recent ones decked with fresh flowers. The tomb of tho late Empress especially is covered witii fragrant bou quets and strewed violets, tho latter having been brought from tho toinb ot her first son at Nice. Tho wails of tho church arc draped in black and silver. Continual streams of people press in within stated hours to take a last look at tho re mains of their lato monarch. Mounting tho plat form on ono sido between officers they each re verently bend over and kiss the hands folded on the breast, and make tho sign of the eros3- Many cannot restrain their emotion, and leave tho church in tears. - 