SPORTING NOTES. FLEMINGTON. Tuesday. — Herald. After a steady rain during the night, which nlade the tracks capital going, work did not commence until about 6 o’clock. The morning broke cloudy, but, with a very pleasant atino- sphere, and there was some good, legitimate work done. Carmen was the Brat to business, and she strode along for a couple of rounds on the outer track. Mercury and Balladrutn did a good gallop ones roilnd the tan. ’ Creawick did sonle good: stretching exercise for a couple of turns on the saud. Milbrodalo and: Qipsy Cooper did some extended work on the outer circle. Trump Yoss, with 1 Brian' 'Boru, cantered for a mile and. three-quarters, and then they galloped a mile, the son of Conrad going well. Saionora atid Qamiti sintered. DareUiO; lii' cothpany with terrible Billy, galloped a mile and a halt in Sue form. Billilla strode alonglpr a mile; Sunbeam and Frying pan, after,,cantering,. galloped half a mile. The colt’shaped very, welt: Waxy and Sardonyx were ‘doing a'good 'onoe round! I the; ground, Waxy.afterwards going for a'tound by himself, when be strode along in good form, Welling ton did strong work; he looks ahd weUt gaily. The .Czar did some good extended stork with Son' (Quixote, and wciit merrily. Allender and Alarm Bell galloped half a mile. Trumpeter, looking strong and well, was working: Chatterer and galloped a couple of miles on the tan. Riverton and My Lord did a good extender, on the sand track fot a found. Nautilus was also ‘ doing some serviceable exercise on the sand.. Lord Clifden and Respite did serviceable work. ‘ Josephine gal loped, about a' mile. Sir Oliver, Advent, Coriolanue and .Golden, Butterfly, worked in company, finishing up with a sharp rhri. War hawk did long slow eSeroise. iiilu and Wheat- Bar did a really gbod : gallop round the ground. Sweetmeat and Lord Burghley went three mites on the tan track, the last two being done at a good three-quartet pace; both ' went very well, Surrey and Master Ayenel' were doing some nice work on the outer circle. A brown pony .of Mr Ivory's, who is" a sweet goer, was striding along for Useful Oxerdlse. Sdmntis ahd Hilarious, after cantering, bawled along over about a mile. Sir Madred and Idalium, in breast clothes, went twice round the outer track, and moved free and well. Wfafsper-and Wizard were on the tan track, and they rattled along at best pace for a mile. Roederer, Whitethorn, and Bessie Cbifden fan a fast half alile on the| Bind track. ‘.Pawn broker, Home Rule, and Satanella were'doing nice exercise. Topaz was working on the tan. Pollio, Poll Mell, and Commotion did a strong gallop of two miles on the outer circle. The Ghost galloped a fast mile, and appeared to go strong. Canary was exercising on the tan; and strode along for a phort run, and went freely. Harp of Erin, Soothsayer, and Bandalbion galloped a mile, the dbesnut : horse showing bia superiority. Albyn, Eros, and Outlaw were doing steady work. Mistake was striding along at half., pace. Cstewayo was cantering. Monmouth, Martiudale, and Bathurst worked slowly in company,, as did Mr Fennelly's youngsters, whp. arrived yesterday overland. The brother to Palmyra is a Sne colt. Bos worth, Postmaster, and The Nut were doing medium work. Prince George was doing a canter in hand, by the side of a hack. He looks uncommonly well. Gazelle and Hiero glyph did some long strong work, .Besbia and Bushman were doing Coble nice ekercise. Ad venturer, id clothes, went a couple of times round the outer track, and got a good scrape. There were many other horses on the tracks, but they were only doing slow works. . CAULFIELD. The morning was dull, blit the raiil kept-off. I?hs training ground, is in splendid order. Conolly, as usual, was the first to start work by sending Liddingtou and Birthday once round at a good striding gallop, the former pulling off, and Birthday going another- time round at three-quarter pace. Stookbridge, with clothing on, did a couple of rounds at half pace. Incoguito.ran a sharp onoe round, pulling all the way. Young Dollar did a ser viceable gallop twice round, pulling very strong. Robinson treated Gismark, a useful looking horse, to a sweat. Noonday, who can tered three times round, looks rather big. Wesbury looking us if he bad bad a lot uf fast work lately, cantered for two miles. Hey wood sent Santa Claus, accompanied by Sic Joseph, a gentle canter for a mile and a half, striding along the rest of trie distance at a good gallop, the former having it all his own way at the finish. Napper Tandy cantered a couple of times round, coming home from the sod wall at a good pace. Kalo cantered three times round. Dhurriughile with O'Brien up, went very strong tor two miles, looking very Weil, and seeming to like his work. Robbie, with sweaters 00, went at half pacafor three miles. Dunstan cantered once round, going on for two more rounds at half pace. Waterloo cantered three miles, Chukster did the same distance, Lang's Monitor . did a gentle, canter for two miles. Van Tromp and Yendon cantered once roilnd, striding along for another Hiile in splendid style, Rowe sent Mariner, with clothing on, Himalaya in hand, four times round at a steady canter. Mariner then went for two miles at a good strong gallop. Both these horses look very well. Minnow cantered three times round. Don Fedro cantered for two miles, picking Cara Mia up, and ran a very fast mile, holding his opponent cheap all the way, and beating her by half-a-dozen lengths. After breakfast Robinson treated a colt by St. Albans to a very sharp spin of four furlongs. Hoy Wood’s youngsters, Syndicate and Teheran, and another two-year-old by King of the Ring, ran a very sharp five furlongs, the former having the best of the gallop by a length, running the distance in 1 min. 8 secs. 