storyteller' BELL THE BLACKSMITH, on From the Anvil to the Bench. CHAPTER XXII. the investigation ends with an ASTOUNDING CONFESSION. The district attorney read over the checks, drafts and other papers taken from the bloody parcel, and which it was claimed waB found in Frank Bell's house. He called the attention of the court to the dates ; all corresponded with that on which the missing man was last seen. During this explanation the court room—except for that one speaker — was as still as if it were vacant, and when he had ceased and again turned to Robert Truxton, who was still on the stand, the nannlo slmvtrArl their riAi'cnnn evcitametit bv coughing and changing the position of their feet. The district attorney — with that suavity of manner and that faternal courtesy which lawyers always assume to their own witnesses and which is in striking contrast to the rough and often brutal treatment of witnesses on the other side — proceeded to question Robert Truxton as to his father's habits, his domestic affairs, and the relations he sustained to the prisoner. Tbe witness showed his character in his answers, and the people were divided as to whether he was as cunning as a Berpent or as harmless as a dove — but the latter conclusion prevailed. He spoke of Frank Bell with much kindness, and gave him n high character as a mechanic ; but he reluctantly confessed that he was a man of ungovernable tem per, towering ambition, and somewhat revengeful. He dwelt on every misunderstanding Frank had had with his father; and he brought out with startling effect the fact that his step-mother and her daughter left Mr. Truxton's house at Bell's solici tation, and were absent up to the time of his father's disappearance. His at tention being called to it, he remembered that Frank Bell and his brother Gilbert had perpetrated a murderous assault on himself, and that his father had them both arrested and afterwards released at his — Robert's — earnest solicitation. With telling effect, he related that he and his sister had surrendered their home to their step-mother, and how Frank Bell had come to their present residence the night before, and nearly murdered the two doctors who were in attendance on Miss Ella MarpelJ, his father's ward. When Robert Truxton had concluded his direct testimony, nine men out of every ten in the court believed that Mr. Thomas Truxton was dead and that Frank Bell was his murderer. ' Have you any questions to ask ?' The district attorney rubbed his hands and beamed with great satisfaction on Judge Leonard. ' I most assuredly have ?' replied the judge. Robert Truxton coughed, crossed his legs, and then tried to look as if he were wholly indifferent to tbe cross-fire about to be opened on him. The first quostion asked by Judge Leonard was : ' Did your father leave a willT' ' He did.' ' Do you know its contents?' » I do.' ' State them.' Robert did so. ' Do you know that your father had arranged for you and your sister to live at the Marpell place?' 'Yes.' ' Do you not know that through Frank Bell your father had become reconciled to his wife - the wife that you and your sister drove into revolt ?' ' I heard so,' stammered Robert. 'Do you not know it ?' ' Perhaps it is so.' ' Answer yes or no, sir,' said the judge sternly. ' Yes.' 'Then why quibble ?' ' I did not clearly understand you.' ' Then you are the only man in court who did not. Look me in the face, sir, and answer me once. If you do not undei stand say so, and I will bring my questions to the comprehension of your mind, which seems to have become sud denly dull.' The msn from Truxton's Mills, were so delighted at this that they would have endorsed it with loud applause, if it had not been that the justice and officers were watching them like hawks. By this time Robert was somewhat confused, a state into which Judge Leonard had purposely worked him. On tbis searching cross-examination it came out that Robert Truxton was a candidate for Ella Mai-pell's hand ; that he had never been on friendly terms with bis step-mother; that after the burglary, nearly a year before, be had employed a private detective to watch Frank Bell. Why did he suspect Frank Bell ? ' Because the safe was opened by some one that knew the combination, and — ' ' Who knew the combination ?' asked Judge Leonard. ' My father and myself.' 'That is remarkable, very remarkable. I am thankful for that admission—' ' Bnt,' 'said Robert, hurriedly, ' Frank Bell knew all about the lock ; it is his patent.' ' Exactly bo ; bnt if it were his patent fifty thousand times over, he could -iSbt open (lie safe without breaking it, unless he know the combination. How, Mr. Truxton, could not some enemy have concealed these articles in Mr. Bell's house ?' ' I suppose so.' ' If a man hated Ball, end wished to shift the crime from himself, might he not do so ?' ' He might ; but I do not — I am at a loss to — *' ' Well, sir, I propose that you shall continue at a loss. That will do for the present.' Angry, frightened, and confused, Robert Truxton stepped down, and Thomas Lipp took the stand. Mr. Lipp was quite at home in the position. He had become so used to being sworn and to giving evidence, that he might be said to be an expert in that un pleasant business. He was always ready to swear to all his statements, from which it may be inferred that the solemn character of the obligation never fully impressed him. On this occasion he wore a knowing look, a catchmeif you- can expression, that had great weight. He kissed tbe book with a smack that echoed through the court-room, and which gave Hugh Hansard tbe impression that this witness was more effectually and solemnly sworn tha n the others, who liad only touched their Hps to the lids — or to the bit of red tape that held tbe lids to the leaves — frorn^ which a generation of witnesses had sworn them off. Tom Lipp told his story slowly, calmly, smilingly — yet not so smilingly as to savor of levity, just smilingly enough to show that he knew exactly what he was going to say. He corroborated Robert Truxton. He corroborated officer John Fearing, and he took care that he should corroborate himself. When he had concluded his direct evidence, the people — packed like sardines in a box — were certain that he had completely ruined Frank Bell's chances, and clinched the chains of guilt that Robert had fastened on him. He turned to ex-judge Leonard and waited for the ordeal. ' You swear your name is Thomas Lipp V ' I do, sir.' . ' Was that your father's name ?' ' Not the Thomas.' ' Was the Lipp ?' ' No : that was my mother's name.' ' Why did you change it ?' ' That's my business,' said Lipp, with a show of anger. 'We shall see if it is. Now, sir 1 did you not pass under the name of Badger!' ' Ye — yes.' ' Were you not sent to the peniten tiary under that uame ? Come, sir 1 look at me and answer at once.' ' I was innocent. I was pardoned out. I—' ' Did you not serve two years in the penitentiary under the name of Thomas Badger, for the crime of burglary 1' per sisted Judge Leonard. ' Yes ; but I was innocent,' stam mered Lipp. ' Of course, you were just as innocent then as you are now. A pretty tool you, for honest, virtuous, filial Robert Trux ton. Step down, sir,' said Judge Leonard with such a tone of utter con tempt as a man. never uses to a cur. Eph Hodge gave in his evidence with more care and less confidence; it was of the same damaging character, and he waB let off without cross-examination for the present. The officer in charge of the party that arrested Frank Bell related all the cir cumstances attending that, to him, re markable event. He left a better feeling in favor of the prisoner. ' I think,' said the district attorney, ' that your honor will agree with me that enough evidence has been' submitted to warrant your holding the prisoner for the action of the grand jury.' The justice nodded, and ex-Judge Leonard in an able speeoh moved to dismiss tbe case for the want of sufficient evidence. The justice refused and asked the prisoner if he had any statement to make. ' Tell your own story in your own way,' whispered Judge Leonard. There is no stillness so great as the chilling hush that in moments of awful auxiety falls on a human gathering. Every face was turned toward Frank, and the most prejudiced could not but be im pressed by the splendour of his magnificent form and the manly beauty of his strong, white face. There was no shirking, no sign of timidity, no arrogance, no defiance; bat his mouth and eyes seemed filled with that grand, calm strength that moves heroic natnres in the presence of a great wrong. From shapely foot to yellow crown, he stood the beau ideal of manly beauty— a vivified Apollo — the personi fication of self-contained power. The people craned forward to catch ' his first words. Before he had uttered : a syllable he had unconsciously placed upon his hearers the magnetic spell which is heaven's greatest gift to the orator. Straight on, with a directness of pur pose, a strong simplicity of language, and an intensity of delivery, increased by its thrilling deliberation, he went with his own story. He began at the beginning ; briefly sketched his own uneventful life up to tbe time of the present complica tions ; and here he gave the particulars with a graphic clearness of detail that caused all to hang on bis words with a rapt interest. This done he took up the evidence aga-nst himself, analyzed it, turned it inside out, showed the rotten materials of which it' was composed, and ' boldly charged back the crime up6ii Robert Truxton. ' Nor in this splendid effort for his own I lite, or what was still dearer, his own bright honor, did he neglect the legal aspects of the case. While his eloquence had charmed, then won the great mass to bis side, bis knowledge of the law, of logio, and of the fine metaphorical eb ides of motive and evidenoe astounded ei iry professional man, from tbe juetioe oi. the benoh to the newspaper reporters busy with their notes. In conclusion, he amazed Jadge Leonard by deolaring, with an intensity that revealed the nobility and whiteness of his soul : ' But, your honor, I could not now rest satisfied if yon this moment deolareil that the obarges were not sustained and that I was s free man. Until this mystery is made plain, aDd the con spiracy of wbiob I am the victim is exposed, my name will beclouded ; men will point to me and whisper their sus picions, and the awfnl onu9 of a curse I cannot combat will be on me. Hold me for the grand jury, if you will not release me on bail, and let all the powers of the law be invoked to bring tbe culprit or culprits to justioe. From my heart tbe ! rushing humiliation has passed away, nd strong in the parity of my pnrpoBe, nd tbe consciousness of my innocence, shall feel, thongh behind bars, tbat I iam the freest of men, for 1 em free — in 1 Heaven's sight — from any misdeed. My resignation to tbis course is strength- j ened by the koowledge that she who knows me best — my mother — will never cease praying for the exoneration that will snrely come. And that she who loves me best — my affianced wife — will never waver in her faith nor weaken in her high allegianoe.' He inclined his bead to show that be bad concluded ; and again the thrilling, iatense stillness came, but it lasted only a few seconds. Tbe over-oharged beat of tbat multitude must have expression or burst. One man oonghed, another move! bin foot, aod these changes were tbe signal for a cheer tbat all tbe justices and officers in tbe city could not oheck. Tbe men from Truxton's Mills led it; and the men from Truxton's Mills would have swept inside tbe bar and borne the prisoner off had some reckless oq£ but made a move in that direction. After much rapping and shooting order was restored ; but the justioe, impressed with the futility of tryiDg, made no attempt to ascertain the oul prits ; indeed, it was thought tbat be ;bimself — in the excitement of the momeDt \ — stamped his feet behind tbe protection of tbe benoh. His first impulse was to release tbe prisoner on bail, bat be reasoned that if he did tbat it would create tbe impression that he had beeo carried away by the wonderful eloquence ot the young man. He bad a notioo (hat justices should be oarried away bv nothing short of death. So he remanded Frank Bell back to prison to await the iction of tbe grand jury. Frank rose to follow the officer who had oome to his side, when theattention of all was attraotei to two men foroing Ibeir way through the crowd and inside tbe bar. '* Did your honor say Frank Bell was togobaokto prison ?' asked tbeyonnger of the men. ' I did,' replied tbe astounded judge. Frank turned, at tbe voice, and saw his brother Gilbert and Jjseph Truxton. ' Before your honor permits Frank Bell to be removed, I desire to make a statement that will obaoge your decision ani save an innocent mao,' said Gilbert, his likeness to his brother increasing every moment. ' What is it ?'* asked the justice. ' My uame is Gilbert Bell, and I am tbe prisoner's brother. This gentleman,' , laying his hand on Joseph's shoulder 'and keeping it there, 'is Mr. Truxton's son — my cousin, and Robert Truxton's half-brother ' '? Well, what of that!' asked the juetio?. ' It is this, your honor. We oome voluntarily to surrender ourselveB. It . was we who concealed all the suspicious aod damnatory articles found in my brother's house. It was done without bis knowledge or consent, and now onr consciences will not permit us to let him suffer in our stead.' CHAPTER XXIII. MULLET AHD BADGER PUT THEIR HEADS TOGETHER AND PAY A VISIT TO THE MISSING MAN. As has been stated, Badger's house w&r; midway between the city and Truxton's Mills. It was surrounded by forest trees and a jungle of shrubbery that had long ceased to be ornamental, shut in the bat tered old cottage from tbe gaze of passers by. A woman of thirty, tall, pale and dark eyed, kept house for Badger. He told people that she was his sister, and the few people who spoke to her — like the , Baker and the milkman — called her 'Miss Badger.' Badger called her ' Annie ;' and when he came home in a good humor — which was frequently of late — he chuckcd her under the ? chin, and chirped at her. Whenever he came home in a bad humor— which was when ever he had been drinking — be made her pull of his boots, and when she had finished he throw {them at her head. A patient wife might stand such treat ment — some of them certainly do — but it is doubtful if there ever was another sister who would submit to being a target for her brother's boots for any length of lime. ... Directly back of tbe battered old house there was an outbuilding, an exact model of the main building, even to the decay. Tbe original owner had used it for an amateur museum, but Badger called it Mb ' office,' and in it he spent much of his time when at home. He was at home the night of the day of Frank Bell's pre liminary trial, and his dear friend, Mullet, the brain authority, was with him. A wood-fire burned on the hearth; a lamp burned on tbe mantle-piece, and a jug of hot punch, flanked by two tumblers, steamed between them. Their vest pockets were exposed, showing tbat they were filled with cigars, ranged on end like little sets of organ pipes. In addition each had a cigar in bis mouth. ' Well,' said Badger, taking up the thread of conversation, ' I must confess I never saw anything like it.' ' No r I,' added Mallet. It was as much like a play on the stage as anything 1 ever saw off it. It's a good stroke for us, though it did release Frank Bell.' ' Yes, released him on bail ; but I can't see how our case is to be helped.' ' Then I'll explain.' Mullet drained his glass, sucked a bit of tho lemon and spat into the fire ; then continued : ' You see, not one man in ten believes that those young men are guilty.' ' They don't ?' ' No, sir-ee. I heard lots of people expressing my belief ; indeed, what you and I know to be true, that is, that this Gilbert Bell and Joseph Truxton assumed the crime just to get Frank clear. There are two motives they could have had for this, and only two. The first is a ro mantic, heroic, and all that sort of one ; the second is a deeply-conceived, shrewd one.' ' Explaiu.' ' Well, it requires no profound reason ing to see that if Bell is free, that he will continue to be a dangerous man to Trux ton. Every one conceives now that he is a natural-born lawyer, and about one of the finest orators iu the city. He has made sympathy and friends. The people run like sheep. The tide set in against him stroDg at first, now it will go the other way. We should see tbat it returns to the spring-'ide of indignation. So you can see that no matter which of these motives moved them, that they hare done his case the greatest possible service.' Mullet refilled his glass, took a swallow, and looked to Badger for a favorable com ment on this opinion. ' Kobert Truxton,' said Badger, ' is a fool — a dashed fool. If he'd left the management of the case to you and me, it would have been different ; but no, he must run in his own 6chemcs, and so he's come near spoiling all.' ' He isn't np iu the business ; but the truth of it is, l-.zra, yon and I have not used our customary circumspection. We got the old man off in good form ; that, now, was a neat piece of work. But we hare struck too soft a thing, and the money comes easy, a condition that always produces careless work. I think we could do better if Kobert was out of the way.' 'How do you mean?' ' I mean this : if Robert Truxton was dead, and the old man, the whole estate would belong to Rachel — ' ' Yes, Mullet, if the will was not con tested.' ' That is not a contingency to be con sidered now. Rachel would be in pos session, and her husband would be as rich as creain, come what might. Of course both of us can't marry her. You are the selected man.' ' Yes ; we're engaged,' chuckled Badger. ' Hist, man, not bo loud. I was going to say, Ezra, that the first thing you should do, and you ought to have done it long ago, is to get Annie out of the way. You must take her off, or send her off, and far off too, and then make sure that she does not retnrn, This done, I'd run away with Rachel.' ' But why run away ? Robert will not dare to oppose us.' ' Perhaps not, but he will want to deter it as long as possible, and there is danger in every hoar's delay. Be in the family in the event of exposure. And then, Rachel, like many women of her age, is of a romantic turn and would think a run-away just too lovely to resist, while she might hang fire when the ordi nary routine of business was proposed.' ' I think you are right,' said Badger. Mullet thought he was himself, [and went on : ' The game is in our hands ; it is the tide of our affairs, and we must take it at its flood. It is our sunshine, and the hay is ready to be made. We might live a thousand years and never meet the ghost of such a chance.' Mullet bent over and whispered : ' I feel as if no act that human nature is capable of should be hesitated at, if it adds to our success and can be accomplished wih safety.' 'I agree with you,' said Badger, reaching out his hand, and shaking his companion's. ' I was snre you would. Now, what : do you_think.about.the old man ?' ' If he could be fished dead from the: river, with Bell's kerchief for a gag, and : other circumstantial things, it would tell powerfully. You see those young men ; haven't confessed to a murder ; ' bnt it ! conld be worked up so as to fasten it; without doubt upon all three.' Well, said tbe wretch, frith as much : coldbloodedness as if he were discussing : the most ordinary business transaction—; 'let' us supipose the old man out of the jyay, and the evidence so strong against I the Bell crowd as to guarantee conviction ; what then ?' .'You're good at planning, Mullet; what would you propose next?' .asked Badger, lifting the glass to' his lips, and watching his companion 'jrith his grey eye. ' I'd have no further use for Kobert, then,' said Mullet, slowly. ' Nor I. But what do you think about the girl ?' ' Miss Marpell.' 'Yes.' ' Why, with proper treatment she might be well in no ime. She will cer tainly recover if Cameron goes there ; but you should see that he does no;.' ' I shall. Robert promised me that he would not call again. Between us, I do not think Rachel would care a fig if Miss Marpell was dead. You know she has no kinfolk ; the old man is her guardian and she is as rich as cream. If she shouldn't get well and the old man shouldn't get back, I guess you'd find that her property was so mixed up. with his that no one could separate them, and it would be no one's business to try.' ' Well, Ezra, there is plenty of work beforn us. What do you say to starting on the grand rounds at once ?' asked Mul let, rising. ' I'm willing. You know I ordered our own particular carriage, aud I told Annie to t- II me when it came.' Badger went to the door and called out : ' Annie I Hello there, Annie 7' 'Yes,' came a quick answer from the house. ' Is the carriage there 7' 'Yes, it has just come,' replied the woman. ' Tell him we'll be out in a moment.' Badger stepped back and helped Mul let on with his overcoat — it was a fine new one. Then Mullet returned the favor, and, like all Badger's attire, the overcoat was fine and brand now. ' It won't do to waste this on such a night.' Badger poured the balance of the punch into the tumblers, and they tossed it off. Their cigars were prime — they could afford prime cigars ; they lit two fresh ones and started off, Bulger locking the door behind him. As they passed the bouse, Badger called in, through a broken panoofa shut terleBS window : ' Annie, I am going away on business, and may not be home till morning.' 'All right,' came the reply in a metallic, emotionless voice. They got into the carriage and were driven to the Marpell house. Rachel met them at the door. She was very ner vous. She bad nearly given them up, and Robert had gone to bed with a head ache. ' And Miss Marpell, how is she 7' asked Badger, as they were being con ducted to the reception room. ' Poorly ; I think sho is quite out of her mind, and I feel as if I were,' said ltachel, adding hurriedly : ' Lawyer Hicks has been here all evening on busi ness. He 6aid he would call at your house.' 'Well, my dear Miss Rachel, 1 regret to say he has not done so. Ah, those lawyers, unlike us doctors, do not like and cannot stand night-work. The owl should be our symbol. Nay, do not fret ; we have a brace of doctors here, and if they cannot help this household, then I say you should have no faith in the profes sion,' Badger beamed on her with his brown eye and felt her pulse. He seemed to be an unusually long time making up his diagnosis, and he must have become absent- minded, for his fingers gradually slipped down from the wrist and got so mixed up with the fingers, that Mullet could not tell them apart in that indistinct light. Robert must have heard tbo phy sicians, for he appeared in dressing- gown and slippers, soon after their arrival. Badger and Mullet were so light hearted aud vivacious, so sanguine and strong, that Robert began to feel better at once. Of late he had lound much comfort in increasing doses of brandy, an - he had some before retiring, but when Mullet proposed that a bottle be bronght out for ' medicinal purposes,' he ordered it at once : and when it came he filled as stiff a glass as the doctors. After discussing the remarkable affairs of the day and cheering Uobert into the belief that everything was just as pro mising and lovely as it could be, Badger roBe and said : ' M r. Truxton, J will leave you here with Dr. Mullet to discuss our plans for the future — which he and' I have been maturing — while Miss Rachel and I go to see the beautiful invalid.' Robert sodded compliance, and Badger, followed by Rachel, went to Ella's room. There was a dim light burning on the sereened table at the foot of the bi'd ; but the outline of the slender figure was dis tinct, and the pale half-face, visible on the pillow, seemed to glow with an internal light. Ella was evidently sleeping, but it was a troubled fever-sleep, more wearing on the brain and sensibilities than all the fatigue of physical exertion and all the tortures of a great affliction in conscious ness. ' Mrs. Bell 1 Mrs. Bell ?' she called. ' Yes, my pet,' responded Rachel, with au attempt to be soothing. ' Where is Frank 7 . Send for Frank. ! Tell bim I am waiting and lone — ' ?' Hu6b, my child.' ' Have they taken him away?' Is he: dead? Why is it that everything I love j dies or leaves me ? Yes, it is the pilch- j ing of the vessel. I can never get over' that motion — never, never. Tell Baohel 1 to send for Doctor Cameron. Frank will go. There, the ship pitches so I must cling to tbe bed,' and with an expression of fear in her girlish face she clung to the covers. On tip-toe Badger led 'Rasbel into the hall, and whispered: ' She's mighty low. I think she ^cannot last long.' ' - i ' Doctor Cameron says, if he is given charge of the case, that she will get well.' ' He's a humbug. Miss Rachel. How ever, if you believe him, why, of course, I shall willingly relinquish my charge. I only come to please you. Tbe Columbia's doctor told me that he did not expect her to livo throughout the voyage. There may be a miracle, you know.' ' Do not talk of giving up the case. Cameron will not dare to come again ' Rachel had scarcely concluded this, when the front door was heard to open and immediately afterwards the voices of Doctor Cameron and Frank Bell were heard in the hall. ' Well,' gasped Badger, ' this is the very sublimity of impudence I the sup remest altitude of cool affrontery, and — ' ' Hush !' whispered Rachel, and she drew him into another room and shut the door. ' Why, what are you going to do about this ?' asked the excited Badger. ' Are you going calmly to permit this quack and that unhung scoundrel to enter your house and go through it as they pleas ?' Calm yourself, Doctor. You know it will not do to use force — we have tried that.' Badger had a vivid recollection, and a protuberance on the side of the head that recalled the fact vividly. ?' And then,' continued Rachel, ' it will not do to make a scene. Wc must try as much as possible to avoid being talked about. 3o to my brother and Doctor Mullet, and I will see these men.' ' You are always right, ray angel and Badger pressed her hand again and kissed her cheek. In about ten minuteB Rachel entered the room where her brother and the doc tors were, and in answer to Robert's question as to the cause of her excitement she said : ' Why, they have brought two black women with them as nurses. And there's a lawyer outside — Judge Leonard, and they have a habeas corpus to tako her away whenever they please.' This information was greeted with a trio of suppressed oaths and vows to get even, which the preseuce of Rachel could not check. ' If we stay hero. Badger,' sai I Mul let, ' there will Burely be a terrible and justifiable homicide, for I cannot stand to see our friend imposed on.' 'But will ho not permit us to aid him,' asked Badger. Robert said, ' No, no ; not at pr. sent. Wait, wait.' And he waved his hands in gieat agony and perplexity. Tney interpreted this to mean that they must leave, 60 they shook hands with the brother and sister and went out to the carriage. 'Where now?' asked the muffled driver. ' To Hoboken,' replied Mullet. ' To the private 7' ' Yes ; but btop on the summit of tho hill above Truxton's Mills. You can wait back fifteen minutes, then drive on to the bridge. We may hear something, if the people have not gone to bed.' The medical friends went down^the bill and in the village street near the mills they saw a group of men ; and without going so near as to attract attention they overheard their loud, earnest, and oven incendiary language. ' It'll coome oot, plain as God's sun oop in the 'eavens at noon ; they can't 'ido it forever. Then we'll see who's at tho bottom o' all this. Then we'll know that it wasn't the brave lad, Frank Bell, nor Gilbert, nor Joseph Trooxtun, as was to get gain be the ole maister's death — ' ' Faith, we needn't wait for that to uudershtand it,' interrupted another. 'A man bloind in wan eye and wid thout much use of the other, if he was placed at midnight at the bottom of a coal mine could see through it if he had any brains, aud thing's been explained by them that's been watchiu' the goin's on for this many a day. May Heaven forgive me for siyin' — bad luck to the first wife's children, for they're a mane lot; and the curse of Crummill on their thavin dochthers and private detectives.' ' They'll coome to the eend of their tether, Lancy, lad. But I was a goiu' to gay that we shouldn't stroike at thees oime.' ' Then, Hugh, you'd be willin' to go on workin' for Mr. Robert, believin' as we do about him 7' ' Nay, Roger, that beyent tbe feeli»| as moves me. I'd be hungry afore I'd tike sarvioa wi' 'im. But the ole maister 'ee may coomB back. 'Is mind was set on the mills.; and it'd do 'eas 'art good if he saw that we kep' straight on a doio' ol oardooty under good and evil report.' Mullet and Badger remained long enough to learn that the views of tbe last speaker were generally eadorBed. They beard tbe carriage near behind and they weut on to the bridge and got io. _ They changed their plans, so far sb to dismiss the carriage at the Hoboken ferry and make tbe rest of their journey ou foot. On the ferry-boat, as they passed through tbe streets, and aB tbeyasoeaded the Heights, they looked anxiously about them and soanned every face to make BUre tbat tbey were not followed. Midway up tbe bill, that overlooks tbe Hudson^ tbey entered, by the back way, a garden.' surrounded by a high briok wall, the wall tipped with broken glass , set in mortar — a barbarous but highly effective barrier to tbe small boys who might yearn to get in and olimb the many dense trees ia the inolosare, and an equal cbeok to those inside , who might wish to get out without going tbrongh the gates. Mallet had, a key |bat admitted Mm to the grounds, ,bat it the bouse be had to tap at a base ment window, behind whiob burned a dim light, when bolts were withdrawn and chains unfastened with a chilling sound. A head protruded cautiously through the partially opened door, and a busky, oautiouB man's voice asked : ' Who's there?' '.Mullet.' ?! Wno'8 with you ?' ' Badger.' ' You come late. It is near mid night.' ' Doctors are no respectors of time,' said Mullet, and followed by Badger, he pushed open tbe door and entered. Tbe man who admitted tbem replaoed the boltB and ohains, and jerking his bead toward the ceiling, asked : ' Have you come to see George Col lins 7' '? Yes,' replied Mullet ; 'how is he?' ' Very low, and failing fast.' ' What seems to be wrong uow ?' '* Puzzled as to his own identity. Insists tbat be is Thomas Truxtoo, of Truxton's Mills. But that is not the worst — be neither sleeps nor eats,' said tbe man, leading the way to tbe next floor, with the lamp bell high before bis faoe. He conducted his visitors into a loug, dark room, that had a musty odor, sug gestive of coffins and undertakers. ' Wait here,' said tbe man, setting tbe lamp on a black marble table, and backing oat with a t teal thy step. ' I'll see how be is.' He was an elderly man, with a smooth bloodless faoe, and the want ot teeth gave a compressed look to bis thin lips. Ho went up two flights of stairs, and aloog two balls, into which opened many doors, and from behind the doors oame the sounds of coughing and occasional low groans. At the further end of tbe last hall be stopped before a door, in front of whioh hung a lamp. He noiselessly removed a panel in the npper part of this door, and the light shot in and illuminated the interior. Then be removed a smaller slide in the door, and applied Ui9 eye to it. The sight tbat met his gaze would have caused an ordinary person to start back witb horror : hut tbis man looked through au if tbe aperture were a micro scope, and the famished, shrivelled, hollow-eyed old man, lying on the narrow pallet, a subjeot be was studying up for the advancement of soience and the eulightenment of mankind. (To be continued .) A FitiEND has handed us a late number of the Edinburgh Scotsman, containing a long account of the doings of some sup posed members of the Kelly gang in the vicinity of the Scotch metropolis. They found the police there were not so easily shaken off as in Victoria. On Friday evening, 4th February, two men attacked a commercial traveller named Robert Veitch, on the Queensferry Road, but he broke away from them and gained his father's house. Mr. Veitch, sen., his sou who had been attacked, and a sister, came out, overtook, and challenged the men. One of them fired a pistol, when young Veitch struck the other with a stick. Several shots were then fired and tbe son and daughter were wounded. The men got oGfi Soon after they attacked a man near Murrayficld, and robbed him of all the change he bad. Tbey attempted to take his watch, hut he bolted. They next attacked a van driver, and having pulled him from his seat on the van, were trying to secure his leather money bag when an alarm was raised, and they fled. They next went to Leith, and about mid night were challenged by two Sergeants ot police named Arnot and Reid, and taken iuto custody. They turned on and shot the police, but the latter gave an alarm and other constables took up the pursuit. One of them was shot in the knee, but ran on. The men fired as they ran, and separated. One darted up a street with apparent outlet, and on coming back met a constable, who tackled him. He fired aud missed tbe constable. Jumping aside he again fired in his own moutb, and fell dead on the street. The wounded constable and other two followed the other fugitive, who, seeing escape im possible, also tried to shoot himself. The pistol missed fire, and he exclaimed to the officers, ' Take the d — d thing ; it has failed in its duty to me ; if it had done its duty like my chums, I would have been as far out of your reach as he is.' The prisoner gave his name as James Grant, but it is considered to have been assumed. It is stated the men had only arrived from Australia a week before. The Daily News says the Duchess of Connaught, daughter of Prince Frederick Charles of Prussia, has been subpoenaed to give evidence in a libel case which will come off in a few days. The Jtappel says the King of Bavaria has turned night into day, the Court re maining up all night and going to bed in the fnrenooon. New York, March 12. — The Tribune's London correspondent telegraphs : Lord BeacousBeld, hearing that the sale of ' Endymion' was less than was expected, offered the Longmans to cancel the agree ment under which they pay £10,000 for the novel, and accept half the profits in stead. The Longmans declined the offer with thanks, saying that they expected to recoup themselves by tbe sale of the cheap edition forthcoming. Their loss thus fat is £3000. The circulating libraries iare selling copies at ^ half-price. Lord Roseberiy has given a commission to Bgehjn to execute in marble, from, a .wellknjswn .model, a statue otQwlsi*. .m&k.; - 