Chapteb XXVIII. : heathcote's cabeeb. He&ttacote; Mounttord went witn ms cousins to London, and when he had taken them to their house, returned to hie chambers in the Albany. They were very nice rooms. I do not know why an unmarried man's lodging should be called chambers, butitdoesnot make them at all different from other rooms which are not dignified by that name. They were very comfortable, but not very orderly, with numbers of books about, And a boot or two now and then straying where it had no right to be, but also with tne necessary curiosities and prettinesseB which are now part of the existence of every well-bred person, though these were not shown off to the full ad vantage, hut lost among a good deal of litter scattered here and there. Tie was not a mau who put bis best foot foremost in any way, but let hiB treasures lie about and permitted his own capacities and high qualities to go to ruBt under the outside covering of in difference and do-nothing-ness. It had never been necessary to him to do anything. He had very little ambition, and whatever zeal for enjoyment had been in his life had beta satisfied and was over. He had wandered over a great part of the earth, and noticed many things in a languid way, and then he bad come home and gone to his chambers, and, unpacking the treasures which, like everybody else, he had taken some trouble to " pick up " here and there, suffered them to lie about among all sorts of trifling things. He had Edward to. care for, his younger brother, who made a rush upon him now aud then, from school first, and then from Sand hurst, always wanting money, and much in dulgence for bis peccadilloes and Stupidities; butnoone elsewho took any interest in himself or hie possessions: andEdward liked a cigar far better than a bronze, and among all nis brother's possessions, except bank-notes and stray sovereigns, or an occasional cheque when be bad been more extravagant than usual, cared for nothing but the French novels, which Heathdote picked up too, not because he liked them much, but because everybody did so—and Edward liked them because they were supposed to be so wrong. Edward was not, on the whole, an attrac tive boy. He bad a great many tastes and a great many friends which were far from agreeable to his brother, but he was the only real "object in life" to Heath cote, who petted him much and lectured him as little as was possible. There seemed to be scarcely any other point.at which his own contemplative, inactive existence touched the practical necessities of life. He came back to London with the idea that be would be very glad to return again to the quiet of his chambers, where nothing ever happened. He said to himself that excursions . into the outer world, where something was always happening, were a mistake. He had but stepped.out of. his hermitage without thinking, once in a way, to. pay a visit, which, after all, was a duty visit, when a whole tragedy came straightway about his ears. Accident, death; sorrow, injustice, a heroine, and a crud father; fund all-, the materials of a full-blown romance. How glad he would be, ha thought, to feet into his nermitage again.' Within its quiet centre there was everything a man wanted—books, an occasional cigar, an easy chair (when it was clear from papers and tgeneral literature) for.-a friend to sit in. .But when he did get back , he was not so certain of its Advantages. No doubt it was everything that .could Ledeaired-rrbut yet it was a hermitage, and the outlook from the windows was.not cheerfnL If Park-lane was brighter than the 'view across the park at Mount* the Albany, with its half-monastic shade,likea bitofa male Bdgninage, was less bright He kat at his window, vaguely looking ont-ia thing he, had never had the slightest inclination to do before—and, felt an indescribable sense of the emptiness of his existence. Nor was -this only because hB had got need to the new charms of household life, and liked a house with women In it, as he had suggested to himBelf—not even that—it was an influence more Bnbtie. He took Edward with him to Park-lane, and pre sented that hero.who did not understand hits new relatione. He thought Rose was " very jolly," but Anne alarmed him. And the ladies were not very favourably moved towards Edward. Heathcote had hoped that his young brother might be captivated by them^ and that this might very possibly be the making of him, as the friends of an unsatisfactory young man are always so ready to hope. But the result did not justify his expectation. " If the little'n were by herBelf, without those two old fogeys, she might, perhaps, be fun," Edward thought, and then he gave his brother a description of the favourite Bet Bouncer of his predilections. This attempt having failed, Heathcote, for his part, did not fall into mere aimless fluttering about the house in Park-lane, as for a time he had been tempted to do. It was not the mere charm of female Bociety which had moved him. Life had laid hold upon him on various sides, and he could not escape into his shell, as of old. Jnst as Cosmo Douglas had felt, underneath all the external gratifications of his life, the conscionsness that every* body was asking " What Douglases does he belong to ?" so Heathcote, in the stillness of his chambers, was conscious that his neighbours were saying—"HeisMountfordof Mount." As a matter off act very few people knew anything about Mount—but it is hard even for the wiseBt to understand how matters which so deeply concern themselves should be utterly unimportant to the rest of the world. And by and bye many voices seemed to wake up round him, and discusB him on all sides. " He has a very nice old place in the country, and a bit of an entailed estate—nothing very great, but lands that have been in the family for generations. .Why doesn't he go and look after it' ?" He did not know if those words were really said by anyone, yet he seemed to hear them circling about his head, coming like labels in an old ptint out of the mouths of the men at his club. " Why doesn't he look after his estate ? Is there nothing to be done on his property that he stays on, leading this idle life here ?" It was even an object of surprise to his friends that he had not taken the good of the shooting or invited anyone to snare it. ue seemea to mmseit to be hunted out of his Buug corner. The Albany was made unbearable to him. He held out ae long as the ladies remained in Park-lane, but when they were gone he could not stand it any longer—not, he represented to himself, that it was on their account he remained in London. Bnt there waa a certain duty in the matter, which restrained him from doing as he pleased while they were at hand ana might require his aid. They never did in the least require his aid—they were perfectly well off, with plenty of means, and servants, and carriages, and unbounded facilities for doing all they wanted. But when they went away, as they did in February, he fonnd out, what he had been suspecting for some time, that London was one vast and howling wilderness, that the Albany was a hideous travesty of monas ticism, fit only for men without souls, and lives without duties ; and that when a man has anything that can be called his natural business in life, it is the right thing that he Bhonld do it. Therefore, to the astonishment and disgust of Edward, who liked to have his brother's chambers to come to, when he " ran up to town"—a thing less difficult then than in these days of stricter discipline— Heath cote Mountford turned his back upon hiB club and his hermitage, and startled the parish out of its wits by arriving suddenly in a rainy day in February at the dreary habita tion which exercised a spell npon him, the house of his ancestors, the local habitation to which in future his life mast belong, whether he liked it or not And certainly its first aspect was far from a cheerful one. The cook, now housekeeper, had made ready for him hastily, preparing for him the best bedroom, the room where Mr. Monntford, now distinguished as - the old squire, had lain in state, and the iibr&fr; where he had lived through his life. It Was all very chilly when he arrived, a dampness clinging to the unoccupied house, and A white mist in b11 the hollowB of the park. He could not help wondering if it was quite safe, or if the humid chill which met hikn when he entered was not the very thing' to make a solitary inhabitant ill, and end bis untimely visit in a fever. They did their very DeBt for him in the house. Large fires were lighted, and the little dinner, which was served in a comer of the dining-room, was as dainty as the means of the place would allow. But it would be difficult to imagine anything more dreary than the first evening. He Bat among ghosts, thinking he heard Mr. Mountford's step, scarcely capable of restraining his imagine nation ; seeing that spare figure Beated in hie usual chair, or coming in, with a character istic balf-suspicionB inspecting look he had, at the door. The f?w lamps^that were in working order were insufficient to fight the place. The passages were all blaok ta night, the windows, when he glanced out at them behind the curtainSi showing nothing bnt a universal blackness, not oven the sky or the trees. Bnt, if the trees were not viBibie, fhey were audible, the wind sighing through, them', therein pattering—A wild concert going op in the gloom. And when the rain' ceased it was almost worse. "Then there cameSilerice, suspicions.and ghostly, broken by a sudden dropping now and then from seine over charged evergreen, the beating df a bough against a window, the hoot of the owl in the woods. After* he had swallowed his dinner Heathcote got a book and set himself down solemnly to read Ik But when he h*d read a page he ■ stopped to listen to1 the quiet, and at chilled him over again. The Sound of footsteps over the stone pavements, the dis tant clang of a hansom driving up, the oo casional voices that passed his window, all the homes of town, would have bean delight ful to' him:: but Instead here he was at Mount, all alone, with miles of park sepa>> rating him from any living creature, except the maids and r outdoor nun who had been left in charge. - Next morning it was fine, whicb mesdst matters* little. Fine t be " with a shiver. But he buttoned up,fab coat and went out, bent upon doing hi ^ He went to the rectory first, fM£gjjjp«fc least this would be an oasis in the desert, | and found the clergy sitting in two different j rooms, over two sermons, which was not a ; cheerful eight. The rector was writing his with the calm fluency of thirty years or use 1 and wont; but poor (Gharley was biting his pen over his manuscript with an incapacity which every successive Sunday Beemed to in crease rather than diminish. " My father, he has got into the way of it," the curate said in a tone which was half admiring, half de spairing. Charley did not feel sure that he himself would ever get into the way or it. He had to take the afternoon service, when the audience was a very dispiriting one; _ even MiSB Fanny Woodhead did not come in the afternoon, and' the organ was played by the schoolmaster, and the hymns were lugubrious beyond description. As the days began to grow longer, and the winter chill to taxe ever a deeper and deeper hold, the curate had felt the Tiioumfulness of the position close round mm. When Mount was Bhut up there was nobody to speak to, nobody to _ refer to, no variety in his life. A house with only two ' men in it, in the depths of the country, with no near neighbours, and not a very violent Strain of work, and _ no special relief of Interesting pursuits, iB seldom a cheerful hpuse. When Charley looked up from his heavy Btudies and saw Heathcote, he almost upset his table in his jump of delighted : welcome. Then there succeeded a moment I of alarm. "Are they all well ?—nothing has , happened?" he cried, in sudden panic, i " Nothing at all," Heathcote Baid, " except what concerns myself." And it amused the stranger to Bee bow relieved his host was by this assurance, and how cheerfully he drew that other chair to the fire to discuss the business which only concerned so secondary A person. Charley, however, was as sym pathetic as heart could desire, and ready to be interested in everything. He understood and applauded the new squire's sentiments in respect to his property, and his new re sponsibilities. " It is quite true," the curate -said, with a very grave face, " that it makes the greatest difference to everybody. When Mount is shut up the very sky has less light in it," said the good fellow, growing poetical Heathcote baa a comprehension of the. feeling in his own person which he could scarcely have believed in a little while ago, but he could scarcely help laughing, which was inhuman, at the profound depression in Charley Ashley's face, and which showed in every line (of his large, limp figure. His countenance itself was several inches longer than it had been in brighter days. " I am afraid," Baid Heathcote, with a smile, "that ao much opening of Mount as my arrival will make will not put very much light into the Bky." " And it is not only the company and the comfort," said the curate. " we feel that dreadfully, my father ana I—but there is more than that. If anyone was ill in the village, there was somebody down directly from Mount with beef-tea and wine and whatever was wanted; and if anyone was in trouble, it was always a consolation to tell it to the young ladies, and to hear what they .thought. The farmers could not do any thing tyrannical, nor the agents be hard upon a tenant—nor anyone," cried Charley, /With enthusiasm, "maltreat anyone else. flSrere was always a court of appeal at T^Sfodear fellow," said Heathcote, "yon are sfeSpking of a patriarchal age—yon are ,thinking of something quite obsolete, un modem, destructive of all political eco nomy." " That for political economy!" Baid the curate, snapping his fingers ; his spirits were rising—even to have someone to grumble to was a consolation. "Political anything is very much out of place in a little country parish. Wbat-do our poor labourers know about it ? They have so very little at the best of times, how are they to go on when they are ill or in trouble without someone to give them a lift?" "Then they should have more for their work, Ashley. I am afraid it is demoralising that they should be so dependent npon a squire's house." " Who is to give them more ?" cried the curate, hotly. "The farmers have not got eo /very much themselves; and I never said they -were dependent; they are not dependent— they are comfortable enough, as a matter of .fact Look at the cottages, yon will see how respectable they all are. There is no real -distress in our parish—thanks," he added, -veering round very innocently and nncon 'Bcionslyto the other side of the circle, "to Mount." " We need not argue the point," said Heath cote, amused. " I am as sorry as you can be that the ladies will not retain possession. What is it to me ? I am not rich enough to do all I would, and I don't know the people as. they did. They will never look up to ine -as they did to my predecessors. X hope my Cousins will return at all events in summer. iAll the same," he added, laughing, "I am bufte illogical —Jike you, he would have Baid, put forbore. " I want them to come back, and yet 1 feel this infection of duty that you apeak of.. It seems to meithat it most be my business to. live here henceforward— though I confess to yon I think it will be very dismal, and I don't know what 1 shall do." " It will be dismal," said the curate; his face had lighted up for a moment, then rapidly clouded over again. " / don't know what you will do. You that have been always «sed to a luxurious town life " " Not so luxurious—and not so .exclusively town " Heathoote ventured to interpose, feeling a whimsical annoyance at this repeti-i iion of his own thoughts. " —And who don't know the people, nor : understand what ty do, and what not to da It takes a long apprenticeship," said1 Charley, very gravely. " You see an injudi-1 mous liberality would be very bad for them— i it would pauperise instead of elevating. It is j pot everybody that knows what is good and .what is bad in help. People unaccustomed ' fothe kind of life ao more norm than good.'' I \- " You don't give me very much encourage meat :to settle down on my property and learn how to be a patriarch in my turn." said I Mountford, with a laugh, don't," said i . . -at — the GMtee, his face growing longer and longer. The presence of Heathcote Mountford at Mount nad smiled npon him for a momont It would be better than: nothing; it would imply some com panionship, sympathy more or less, Bomeone to teke a walk with occasionally, or to have a talk irith, not exclusively parochial; but when curate reflected that Heathcote at 1 Mow would altogether do away with the likelihood of " the family" coming back—that .they could not rent the house for the summer,! jirhioh was h hope he had clung to, if the pre-, cent owner of it was in possession, Charley at -opce peroeivad -that the immediate pleasure « nmghbcpx would be a fatal advantage,, Arid spuHnonsst simplicity applied himaeifto ghs teak, of subduing his visitor's new-born eothuiwin. ' You see, he arid, " it's quite' It-Making a; new beginning, knowing abpufc it, And baving ihaen bom ^aoquauited with tbepteple all tiipi Weimown.howeTar." ticote, slightly piqued, "that the property would change hands, some time or. other, and that great alterations mast be made." "Oh yes, everybody knew that," 8&id; the cnrate. with deadly seriousness, " bat yoa see, when yon say a thing must happen some time, you never know when it will happen, and it is always a shock when it comes. The old squire was a hearty man, not at all old for h'» years. He was not so old as my father, and 1 hope he has a great deal of work left in him yet. And then it was all so sudden; none of t* had been able to familiarise our Belves even vrith the idea that you were going to succeed, when in a moment it was all over, and yoa had succeeded. I don't mean to say that we are not very glad to have yoa," said Charley, with a dubious smile, suddenly per ceiving the equivocal civility of all he nad been saying; " it iB a great deal better than we could have expected. Knowing them add liking them, you can have so much more sympathy with us about them. Aqd as you wish them to come back, if that is pos Bible " " Certainly, I do wish them to come back— if it is possible," said Heathcote, but his countenance, too, grew somewhat long. He would have liked for himself a warmer re ception, perhaps. And when he went to see Mr. Ashley, though his welcome was very warm, and though the rector was absolutely gleeful over his arrival and confided to him : instantly, half a dozen matters in which it would be well that he should interest him eelf at once, still it was not very long before "they" recurred aleoto the old mans mind as the chief object of interest. " Why are they going abroad ? it wonld be far better if they would come home." said the rector, who afterwards apologised, however, with anxions humility. "I beg yomr pardon—1 beg your'| pardon with all my heart. I forgot actually that Monnt had changed hands. Of course, of course, it is quite natural that they should go abroad. They have no home, so to speak,1 till they have made up their mind to choose 1 one, and I always think that is one of the hardest things in the world to do. It is a blessing we do not appreciate, Mr. Mount ford, to have our home chosen for ua and Bettled beyond our power to change " " I don't think Mrs. Mountford dislikes the power of choice," said Heathcote; "but so far as I am concerned, yon know I should be very thankful if they would continue to occupy their old home." ' " I know, I know. Yon have spoken most ;j kindly, most generooBly, exactly as I could i have wished yoa to speak," said the rector, patting Heathcote on the shonlder, as if he j had been a good boy. Then he took hold of t| bis arm and drew him towards the window, and looked into his eyeB. " it is a delicate I question," be Baid, " I know it iB a delicate question : bat you've been in town and no I doubt yoa have heard all about it What is i going to happen about Anne !" ! " Nothing that I know of," Heathcote i replied briefly. " Nothing has been said to' me." ; " Tchk, tchk, tchk 1" said the rector, with that particular action of the tongue upon the; palate, which is so usual an expression of! bother or annoyance, or regret, and so little j reducible into words. He shook his head, j " I don't understand these sort of shilly- ] shally doings," he said; " they wonld havej been incomprehensible when I was a young i man." j The same question was repeated by Mr. j Loseby, whom next day Heathcote went to! see, driving over to Hunaton in the vector's j little carriage, with the sober old horse,! which was in itself almost a member of the clerical profession. Mr. Loseby received him with open arms; and much commended the interest which he was showing in his pro perty. "Bat Mount will be a dreary olac* tor live in all byyoutBelf," he said. "irl were you I would take up my abode at the rectory, at least till you can have your establishment set on a proper- footing. And now that is settled," said the lawyer (though nothing was : Bettled), "tell me all about Anne." " I know nothing to tell you," said Heath cote. " Mr. Douglas is always there-—" " Mr. Douglas Ib always there! but there is nothing to tell, nothing Bettled; what does the fellow mean? Do you suppose she is going to forego evesy advantage, and go drag ging on for years to suit his convenience ? If you tell me eo——'' " But I don't tell-you so," cried Heathcote; " I tell you nothing—I don't knowanything. In Bhort, if you don't mind, I'd rather not discuss the question. I begin to be of your opinion, that -I was a fool not to turn up a year sooner. There was nothing to keep me that 1 am aware of; I might as well have come sooner as later; bnt 1 don't know tha*. anyone is to be blamed for that" "Ah!" said the old lawyer, robbing his i bands, "what a settlement that would nave made. Anne wonld have kept ber money, and little Rose her proper place and a pretty little I fortune, juBt like herself—and probably would have married William Ashley, a very good sort of yonng fellow. There would have been some pleasure in arranging * settlement like that. I remember when I drew oat the papers for her mother's marriage—thai was the ealv&tion; of the Mountfords—they were sliding downhill as fast as they ooold before I that; but Miss Roper, who was the first Mm St John Mountford^ set all straight Yon fet the advantage of it more or -less, Mr. Leathcote, though the connexion is «o dis tant Even your p&rt; of the property is in a very different condition from what it was when I remember it first And if you had— notbeenafool—but had come in timeand tried your chance— Ah ! -however, I daresay if it had been so, something would have come in the way all the same; you would not have fancied each other, or something would have happened. Bat if that fellow thinks that he is to blow hot and oold with Anne—" "1 don't like the mere suggestion. Pardon me," said Heathoote, I am sure you mean nothing but love -sad tenderness to my cousin ; bat I cannot hare such n thiim sug gested. - Whatever happens to Anne Mount ford, there will be nothing derogatory to her dignity; nothing beneath bar mm Hue character, Ism sare- ofthak-, - -v > - > " I aocept th* rimrbof," said Mr. Loseby, with more twinkle I than ■;usaal ■< in hie spectacles, but lees power of vision through them. " l aoeept the reproof. What was all heaven and earth' about, Heathcote Mootat ford, that you were left dawdling about that wearisome Vanity Pair that < you call the world, instead of ootntng hue * year wines, when you were waatea ? If there is < one thing more then another that -wants explain ing it is the matrimonial miuaanaaemsnt of ; this world. It'd no angelthathas tbeoareof | that, IH answer -for it 1" cried the tittle man with comic indignation., And then' he took off his spectacles and wiped them, and grasped Heathcote Mountford by! the hand i and entreated him- to staytodinnsr.which, indeed, tire rocluMof Mount was by do, urease unwilling to <do. ■ 