Amusements. , QosiEK'f ^ fxxTEE.— The advent at the Qnsen's ol a tragedian of tae »pBtation of Sir. Dewaurst, and the selection of ' Hamiet ' ae the oharaoter in jwhich to appear* was .Bfiwieat to fill the theatre in ail parte.and it wamjeviden* that considerable interest iwas tsit by the playg'oing porUon of the community ?in the fresh interpretation of the oft intepreted fcha.raoter. Mr. Dewhur«t*s reading is a1 scholarly land intolligent one. He has a pleasing -roiee, iringine and powerful when required, .with iout becoming harsb or metallic. He h&s; »leo a good physique, au^, evidently, much ferperiesee. But with all these advantages, the Hamlet which walked the boards of the Qaeen « ita Saturday was aot one which enabled the onJookcr *o realise the ideal Hamlet of Shakespeare. It Simply eouveyed the idea of au edueated elocu tionist reciting ahakesperian selections, and this ** speech-day' *ort:of delivery pervaded the whole. One special defect in Mr. Dawhurst's rendering is the affected mincing' of words, which lasts Iroaa fin* te last, and renders nore unreal than otherwise his somewjtat artifioial interprekBtion. j£r. Dewhurst, Jn a marked decree, falls into that error Irorn of a deaire to io more with a part than any predecesr or, and delivers ,tbe most commonplace conversational remarks with' the partieularity which might well be reserves for more important passegeB. His etayo business is good, fie is impassioned when neosBs&ry; in action as well asword, bui there is no fraatie rashing about the stage or gesticulation. Severe! innovatio»B*r»iatroduoed. Th« favourite action of Hamlet when following the Ghost has been eitfaer tc hold the sword extended behind him as though to keep his friends from restraining him, or in front &s; theugh involuntarily on guard against the apparition Sfflr. ' Dewhurst extends the hilt of hia sword erow fashion, as guarding hiiaself agaisstevil. Again, is *he seene with. Ophelia, the listening King sad iRolonius come ia Hamlet's view just before the ques tion, ' Where ia your father P' and the sight is made the reason of the vroite. In &e; closet soene he uses neither wall portrait cor misiatnre. Many other details migat be noticed, eo tif-vj, in fe**, that one might .euppose; that jthor* had been a rather laboured attempt at jOiMnairty in tbis diret*i«-Ti . Oa th» wholo *e«e in oUneatothintthiit, talented actor as Mr. Dewhurst nndoubtedly is, Hamlet is not the part he e&ould; have ohosen ttt his opeciag night, -and we await with interest his Eieheliau and flife Shyloofe. Miss Marian Willis as Ophelia we noticed recently, and our flattering remarks on that occasion may fairly be repeated. Phs looked tha oharaoter , and throughout rendered it eraoef nlly and with just enough feeling. Misa Melville looked and acted *he-iuee* excellently, and in the closet scene was Tery successful. Sir. J. B. Steeledid the conventional fcuaiaees of the Ghost, and spoke, his lines lngubrionely enongh to BXigse&t; a highly unpleasant residence, although too much IDka a ' Little Bethel ' lay. preacher. Mr. Xewton Griffiths, as the King, was a rich treat. No more valiant effort e,i the part has been made for years, and the reenlt was very like a mild curate essaying the part of the Baren BIb'Jbo de Boegag in private theatricals. The impersonation was the perfection Of burlesque. Mr- Havgarth's Polosiius is overdone, and im pourtraying tke character this gentleman evidently forgets that he was a nobleman aud a high official of the Danish oourt — aot a favoured retainer from the servants' room. For the rest, it is not without merit, and deserves notice. As Horatio, Mt. KelvUle dreseed most gorgeously, and morn, noon, or night appeared in a long flowing white robe, which floated bravely on the rampart* and in the burying groufd. There -was nothing worth pote in the impersonation, nor in any of the .other characters, except the First Gravedigger of .Mr. O'Neil, which was, of course, a fruitful souwe of fcerriment, and met with expressions of approval all pver the house. *' Hamlet' will be repeated to night. Matinee MttsicaJ-e. — A most interesting musical reunion of the lovers of good music and of tbe friends of Mr. Charlas Huenerbein, took place at the Beethoven Pianoforte 'Warehouse, Pitt-street, on last Saturday afternoon. There was as numeroue »n Attendance of .musical people as the place would hold- The concert commenced with theparformanee of a pianoforte trie by two lady amateurs and Mr. Huenerbetp, the trio being arranged by Billema on dirt from 'William TfllL' Tbo f-iece wa« 'charm- ingly executed. Mr. F- J. Hallewell then sang jp splendid style, ' Why do the nations ?bo fnriously ras»' from the 'Messiah/' and ?was followed by MUfle. Charbosnet, wlo centered the celebrate* prayer from ' Moses in Egypt,' as arranged by Thalberg, with great felicity of execution, and beirtr rapturouslr encored «nbptitated«.n ftrrangement of a rreU known xdr for the le:'t h ind which was also played in a truly artistic and jnuaieumly style. A lady amateur gave a very nice rendition of Molloy's bohp, ' imndoii Bridffe,' butitwaa evident that had. shebeen Ioes nervous *he could have sung it much better. This was fol lowed by * solo for the bassoon, a ooaoerto by Jaeobr, played by Herr Thedor Andreisvic, !&te; -of 'the Austrian Band. The solo was a a decided novelty, for as far as we knew, a solo on this instru ment hes not bssn played publicly in Sydney (with .the exception of the performances of the Austrian !Band) since the days long a?o when Mr. WiDtor hnttrtm nafld to delieht us -with ' The Last Bose of Summer.' Jaooby's eoneerto was finelvplayf d. Mr. F. J. Hallewell th«n sang the ' Bugler' by Finsnti, with his omstomary exoellenoe, and beinsr warmly encored, responded, after whleh Mr. Huenetbein played an arrangement of airs from ' Faust,' by De Koetgki, with sush spixit that he could cot eeaape an encore, and, being loudly called for, pave a bril liant rendition of hia owa pretty Bodonda Sohet tiBoae. On the whole, the re-union was extremely agreeable »ud entertaining to all present at it. Gaietj Thbatee. — In consequenee of the 'indis- position of Mrs. Turner, *' Lucia di Lasmermoor' could not be imrformed at this theatre on Saturday nig-fat, and Wallace's «ver fresh aa& meiodioue 'Marita-na' was substituted. Miss Davenport assumed ifee rale of the pretty tjitana, Mr. Temple toa tnat of Don Jose, Mr. Gordon that tof the King of Spain, auil Mr. Turner that of Don Cissar de Bazan. We have never heard & more perfect rencithjn of the music written for the rollicking, tipsy, but withal gooc'-hearted Don than that given by Mr. Turner. His voice was in excellent con dition, and he did not -spare it. Miss Davenport gave, on 4he whole, a very fair rendering of the music of her part, and several of her ?eoloB were muoh applauded. 'The har» in the air,' ?? Scenes that are brightest.' aud ' With rapture glowing,' were sung with excellent off eat. It is really a pleasure to listen to Mr. Gordon's fine bass voice ia the music which the King of Spain has to eing in. this opera. )Wyr Tampleton, as Don Josej aided ooneiderably the success of the ^erforma&tse.; We suppose Mrs. Turner has recovered from her illness, as the' Bride of Lamatermoor' ,is annonneeQ f or performance to night. ? Theatbe Eotal. — Tha usual well-filled house appreciated the merriment of * ' Olivette' at the Eoyal en Saturday -night, and tbe singing showed evident signs of improvement- ' Olivette' is certain to have a long and anooeeeful run. Opbka 'House.— Satnrday night was an eventful occasion At the Opera House, inasmuch as it caw the termination of Mr. Wybert Eeeve's season and his last appearance in Sydney fcr the year; Dhe^formal farewell had taken place the night before, btlt'a good house assembled to witness the hut appearance of the successful company which is about to leave ub. Mt,B««w. iud the majority of the members of 'the eompasty, lejivexor Brisbane shortly. On Saturday text the 'Kellyand Leon Opera Company will appear inthe^Opepa House. .Me. rCoBBi» LiMB. — Mr. Corbin Lamb is *n nbnneedto leofure to-night at the Opera House on difEerenfc subjects, Mr. Lamb is a spiritualist, a»a his.arfir*itienti will be highly interpsting. He ieonly to deliTO^fpur lectures ?Ma.'Witi-iA3«: DHKTQN'e Ifltcrrrate osr Gbologt. -rMr. W. Dentoui from America, -erhose leotures en sgeology a»T» xeoeatiy -or«fctad * sauaatioa in Melbourne. *n.d whose reputation as a. geologist stasdi very high, in America, ia»)M-Ttt to oommenoe acourse d teotFurejs on this interfiBtoajr Boiecoe&t; the. School of Arts, the first of which will be adelivered .to-night. The nebular-origin of our planet will be thesnbjeot of 4h& lecture. Theevidsnee on which fifiedootrme affirming the fiery becinning of our pla.&et; is based will no doubt, be clearly placed before toe audience. Tbe leotur«s will be ooplonsly 01wstm,to3 by j-i.rrtH-ri»1 representations «nd diagcacbs shown by. ni«to of . «he QXj-tyitoBeji Um« light. ConaideciBg *he repulatioiiof tke lecturer, and tbe nature of his safe j»at, V© tar© noid- MiW;*he.t %i«-oonr»eof lecjures will b«rTeryintere«ttng, and also be well attended 