OMNIUM GATHERUM. "THE (BOY)COTTER'S SATURDAY NIGHT." An Irish gentleman, in his shirt sleeves, sits at a liliputian table. He looks like a cross between Toussiant L'Ouverture and the King of Ashantee, and it is evident he has run short of saveloys. His lady sits behind him, busily engaged inserting a cheese cutter into the nape of a baby's neck, while an intelligent six year old vainly endeavours to attract the Ashantee monarch's attention to a wonder of the insect kingdom in the shape of a Brobdignagian bed bug. The chiaroscuro is inimitable, and the pizzicato immense. It forms a valuable illustration to Sir Charles Gavan Duffy's history of Young Ireland. At Manly Beach last Sunday, at the witching hour of dinner, there was at host Adrain's a renewal of the Eastern question, in which the Ottoman had the best of it. The Muscovite must succumb. If you don't believe me ask the carver. It was a dead case of Rush- yer for Turkey. There is no truth whatever in the report that the Manly Beach Inspector of Nuisances was lately seen perched on the shoulders of the stone kangaroo with a lighted threepenny Manilla in his mouth, under the impression that he was a first-class light-house. Captain Brand, of the schooner Merchantman, tripped his anchor in Manly Cove last Monday, and immediately afterwards tripped his vessel on the rocks. Some unfeeling wags — habitues of the Pier Hotel — said the difference between the skipper and his craft was that one was freshly brandied and the other newly branded about the region of the copper. Query. — Was it a case of hot coppers each way ? Great Caesar's ghost ! Look at this. From the Brisbane Observer : — "Mr. Peter Campbell bas been long silent, but yesterday we received a printed circular which he entitles "Progress Report in re Mr. Peter Campbell's Australian Voluntary, Evangelical, Undenominational, and Itinerating, Town, Village, Bush, and Gold- fields Mission." The circular goes on to say that the missionary has travelled 53,950 miles by land and sea in the colonies, and 16,000 miles on foot in South Australia in 1871 ; 52,600 tracts and hymn-books distributed, 556 temper ance pledges obtained ; £390 collected from January 1st, 1880, to March 7th, 1881, and £365 expended." When the reverend gentleman invented the above wonderful title, he must have previously dined sumptuously on a large edition of Webster's dictionary. Now, Most Reverend Signor, what about that 16,000 miles in 1871. Have you studied Colenso ? Not his work on the Pentateuch, but his excellent arithmetic for the use of schools. You have ? Well then you have during the space of 365 days walked 43 61-73 miles per diem, and not far short of two miles an hour. Talk about go-as-you-please matches after that. Namesake of the Apostle with the keys of Heaven ! You must in 1871 have been a living example of perpetual motion. HERE is no need for lovers of Art p to go to a picture gallery for the next six weeks at any rate, for it will take connoisseurs at least that time / f ' |P! J Vn J to study and appreciate a most Rem- ( ||i ; f -A f brandt-cum- Michael-Angelo engrav- Ay ing in last Saturday's issue of the AI | " Twilight Wraith." Mr. Punch has grappled with it for the last three days, deeply perusing every line of /dPv! 1 the masterpiece. The subject is Irish, and as such will no doubt MM receive the laudation it deserves at fMIj) the hands of Timothy Fogarty. Mr. Punch herewith suggests as a title — 