THE CllOW CLUB. 0:s Wednesday evening the Crow Club made ? their first public appearance, at the Me* chanics' lustitute, to a crowded house, so far fts the front seats were concerned, although the back part of the house was sparsely occupied. I Mr. Blackmoro introduced tho club to its audience through the medium of a prologue, written for tho occasion by Mr. George 13laok. It was delivered with fair effect, though, owing to the house having scarcely settled, Mr. Blackmoro was at times iu audihle. For the edification of absent ones, wo reproduce the prologue, which runs thus : .Kind friends and patrons, im our opening night, Wo. Crows, intend to t:»ko no daring flight. Our wing* u..furnished, and our plumage spare, "We quit retirement, seek tho biting air Of public scrutiny, may we give you cause To buoy us on tho air of yourappliuso. Deign, then, to smilo-smile sweetly and bo kind, If uucht th-it's worth approval von can find: But, should we fail, kind friends, I pray, forbear, Condone our faults, be incrciful ns fair; And if we gain scant favour In your eyes, Our virgin es3ay mildly criticise. Oar dusky predecessors in theso climes j "Who owned the country, from the o.irliest times, T'iclr camping ground near where our river flows Named Wngga, meaning multitudes of Crows ; "We Crows aro therefore partial to this town, "We hear it* name from ages lian ded down. Our dearest hope Is now to earn such fame An will shed lustre on our ancient name, To tnako each personation glow with Hfo, To please all Wngga Wngga and his wifo. Come modesty and give us grace that so If we're successful yet we may not Crow, For modesty's the crown of conscious power, Worth is the phut, sweet modesty its flower. Onr pustlme, ami amusement for you too, Is not the only object weVo in view ; Let " Charity's sweet name " then intercede, Anil our poor efforts In Its causo so plead That evory ontertainmont by us given, ainysuccuur some poor soul, by hunger riven, ( Hick, weary, homeless, dying without a friend ; Thli, patrons, In our motlvo, this our end. .. J*ow " brevity they say's the soul of wit I weary yon, but trust before you quit The Hall, to know our efforts aro not slighted, If you are pleased-well then wo are not ".Blighted." On the conclusion of the prologue, the curtain was rung up upon "A Blighted Being," a comedy farco of the late Tom' Taylor. In this piece, which, by the way, is one of the author's niostbrilliaut efforts, the princi pal character, the Blighted Being (Job Wort) was sustained by Mr. Blackmore, who had evidently given the part careful study, and had formed a very fair conception of it. In our opinion, for a man weary of the world, and a poet-that is a stage poet-lie was too neatly attired, to dress the part properly wc would have Wort arrayed in a dressing gown -with slippers down at heel and hair dishevelled, in fact exhibiting in his dress as iu his speech, au utter weariness with things terrestrial. Mr. Morisonas Cummings, the "waiter, was vevy amusing, and bustled through his part with agreeable vivacity, though scarcely hatuly enough with the breakfast tilings for a cofVec-rooin waiter at a fashionable water ing ph\cc j it is attention to trifles such as these that produce the '* one harmonious whole " of a well played part. ' The personification of .ftcd Spanker by Mr.' Minnalmn was an agreeable performance ; t he crisp clearness of his cnunoiation was particu* Inrly pleasing. Ho was scarecly rollicking enough, howevor, and betrayed some concern as to where he should stow his hands. .If.wo. might mako a suggestion, the fittest place for! n sailor's hands, when idle, aro his. trouser pockols. Mr. Collins, as O'RafForty, had a very good idea of his part, though ha occasionally leak sight of it. His brogue, like his entrances and e.~its, was sposmotlie. Susan, as enacted by Mr. Tompson, was a very nice-looking girl-not at all bashful, nor yet very ladylike. Her lines wero very clearly ilelivored, barring a slight tendency to roll in her gait und to transfer her weight from one foot to the other, which suggested the idea that she had made several long sea voyages with her brother. Wo had no reason to question the good tastoof Mr. Job Wort. During the interval, wbicli v\as rather a long ono, Mr. Broadhurst, who pro9idcd at tho piano, played several selections with great taste. The overture-a melange pf airs inci dental to the burlesque of M Villikins and his Dinah," which followod-was particularly melodious. The make-up and dresses of all tho company in this burJesquo wuro very (nsteful, and in aome instances gorgeous-tho Dinah of Mr. Blackmore being a particularly eiTfCtivo representation, though tho limited etnge room scarcely yavo her scope for the full display of her voluminous churms. The Villikins of Air. Morisou was fairly personified, though with him as with all tho others, excepting perhaps 4'Dinah," gestures and movements were too quiet, and lacking in boisterousness for burlesque where extrava gant gestures, grimaces and contortions are the life of the pieco and without which it lacks "go." The facial make up of Mr. Collins as Bumblo was immense ; he pleased us better in this than in tho preceding piece, although when ho made a puu lie hurried the audience past it, scarce giving them time to perceive its point, far less to applaud it. Gruliin, as represented by Mr. Mumford, was not a very terrible father, his lines throughout were delivered in a monotone, and in most instances their sense failed to reach the ears of the audience. Ho dressed the part well, but his make-up was peculiar, his stomach or -what was intended as a stom ach was apparently not on visiting tonus with his brecches, and had withdrawn for . safety to his chest, leaving a cavernous hol low beneath, which had the singular effect of making him pigeon- breasted instead of round-bellied as intended. Tlio acting of Dinah and Villikins in tlib ghost sccne was not at all vapourish ; their voices wcro attuned in their usual key, iu fact their deportment was as unlike that of the traditional ghost as it could well be, and they -wore received by Gruilin in a corres* poudiugly perfunctory style-he was appa rently as unconcerned at the sight of a gliost as if he were a tombstouo and acquainted with ghosts habits and appearance. Tito chorus- singing was fair throughout, but the solos (excepting Mr. jSIorison's, whom wo have heard in better voice) were sometimes flat, and as a rule weak. Wo must compliment all engaged as being letter-perfect in both pieces, the prompter's voice being conspicuous only by its absence* No doubt tlio club was materially assisted by the presence behind the scenes of Mr. Harry Vmecnfc, the ballasting weight of whose experience at a first performance must be incalculable. "Weave satisfied that neither time nor study, nor yet money, in a moderate way, has boon spared to make this initial performance a succcss, and we feel sure that no crow worthy of the name will feel ofTended or discouraged at our criticism. No one ex pected the crows to equal professionals at their first flight, and wo have no wish to depress them by pointing out what appears to us to be their weakest points. Our solo desire is to spur them to renowed efforts, so that in our noxt notice of an entertainment given by them it shall bo our pleasing duty to chronicle 41A hit! A hit! A palpable hit." Tliut Crows arc birds of llavon huo, I think you'll all admit, So llio Prologtta rend by Blackmoro, by Black's black* lead was writ; But blacker Mum tho Ruvon, Mill ruoro black wn? his distress, To find tlmt into Bluqkinocq lio was merged by tho ityfm 