J Old Playbills. \ No. 8. \ "They are tho abstracts and brief chron- ) idea of the time." — hamlet, Act 2, Scene 2. ( 7>i order 'to render these series as' ) interesting as possible to our many A .. reader-,, we invite the , loan, of old / playbills for the purpose of publiea- ) tion, wh ich shall be returned at earliest \ opportunity. Please forwa/rd Editor, / Lorgnette Office, Royal Lane, Mel- J. hnurue.l r Under most depressing circqm- i stances the " eminent " tragedian, 'Mr y Barry Sullivan, made his foist appear' / ance before. an Australian audience at ) the Theatre Royal (now burnt down) C- on the evening of Saturday, August /. 9. 18G2. The stage had been used for V some time before, as a home for Bur- ( ton's circus, and the equestrian season /> only closed on the previous evening. Y The stage and theatre was in a filthy y condition, and only ascratch company . / could be gottogetherforthelegitimate S' season. The play was " Hamlet," C ) with Mr Sullivan as the moody Dane, A and he -was supporfed— if our memory' y fails .us -notr-by Mr Henry Neil C) Warner as The Ghost ; Mr T. Belfield, A The King\ poor dead and gone Paddy y Gardiner (father of the late Mrs ( ) Alfred Phillips), as Polnious — with a A most delicious Irish brogue ; Mr yf Harry Jackson a3 First Qravedigger, .. f) Mr Charlesi; Poole as. The Queen, and A Miss Joey Gbugenheim as Ophelia, The y , " star " became naturally disappointed r . and played but a very short Season, ) and ihen went up to the Princess \ / Theatre- anil played in conjunction' / ) with Mr Joseph Jefferson. Sydney ) , then became the scene of his triumphs, \ ' but, before leaving Melbourne for that / \ city, he said that ic was his intention ' ) ' to return to Melbourne, to run a thea-' \ tre of; his own, and would engage , the / dbest company that had ever been got y .together in the Southern Hemisphere.' C >That this w;as no idle boast will be / iborne out on perusing the following y bill of the play : — ) THEATRE BOYAL. \ Sole LeSBeo and Manager;. .Mr Barry Sulliuan. \ - Tke Public are informed that the above mag- / niflcent Temple of tho Driuna will re-open \ ' under the above management, r ) THIS EVENING, SATURDAY MARCH 7,1863 ) Daring the recess, the following alterations ( and improvements have beeii effected , viz : — ' ) The entrance to- the JDress Oirole has been 1 entirely renovated, newly carpeted, and ,od- ) ditional lights and chandeliers Introduce d. v ' The Dress Oirele seats have been enlarged ) and a greater intermediate space, allowed to \ ) each occupant, making, them combined with / -.luxurious, getting up all that , the. moat fas- y idious can desire. / \ The lady patrons to the Dress Oirele are also y . informed that the cloak room, with its atten- / > dunts, also the two new retiring rooms, ele- \ -igantly furnished, are placed at their service / ) entirely free of charge. y / Tho stall seats have been restuffed and im- f \ proved. v y ' The stage footlights so arranged, and the f \ new orchestra so formed as to give additional' y - comfort to the numerous patrons of this de- f )lightful part of tho house, y ; The upper circle seats have been re-arranged, ' raised, and hacked, which, with the additional y . lighting and the ventilation introduced will ' ) make tlie upper oirele perfect for seeing, hear- y ' ing, and comfort. " , Tho pit has been entirely cleansed, and will y maintain its prominent position in the public ' . estimation.. ) The gdUery has also received an improvement ' ' . whichit, is hoped, will give additional comfort ) . and convenlencoitq its pajteons. : - ' i | / The Eminent Artist, ' ) B .A R R Y - 8 U'L ,L I V A N y ' Will'ro-appear, supported by tlie most talented ' j members of the profession, including tho Star y. ; Company of Australia. y ' Mr Bobort Heir, Mr J. C Lambert; ' . „ Oh as. Young, „ A. Fitzgerald, y : „ Harwood, „ Chapman, ' ,,- Irelnnd, „ Burford, y „ Morrison, „ Hope, ' , „ Andrews, ,. 'Ford, \ „ Hogan, „ Oollingwood, , r „ Mnoready, „ Gladstone, y .„ Mason „ Cull, f Mrs Robert Heir, . Miss Rosa Dunn, y „ Fitzgerald, Mrs -Alfred-Philips, f Mis3 Tilly Karle, Mrs Chapman, y „ Milne, : Miss Corcoran, r ,, Fagan, i 'Miss Hlggins, ) - Miss Murray &o;,t ( The following prices of admission have been ) determined on, and tlie management conlldent- . ( lyi.trn8ts that the. public, will support him in l hiaendoavour to present the highest intel- ( leotnal amusement at . the lowest possible j charge, l' ' f- GALLERY, SIXPENCE. 1 PIT, ONE SHILLING. y UPPER CIRCLE, TWO SHILLINGS. ( STALLS, THREE SHILLINGS ) , . .. DRESS CIRCLE, FIVE SHILLINGS., \ Half-price toDress Circle at 9.20, HalC-a-Crown ) No' foes allowed any servant qf . the Estab- ' lishm'ent. " The season will commence with Slieridan's Inimitable Comedy in 5 acts, entitled, SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL With the following unapproachable distribu tion of Characters. Sir Peter Teazle Mr J. C. Lambert Sir Oliver Surface Mr Harwood Sir Benjamin Backbite Mr Cbns. Young Joseph Surface Mr Robert Heir Oharles Surf ace Mr Barry. Sullivan . Orabtrec i Mr Chapman Careless Mr. Ireland Sir Harry Bumper, Mr Hope Snake .Mr Gladstone i Trip. .Mr Morrison Sir Toby ,\Mr Macready Moses A ... . ... . Mr Andrews Rowley.. . i ) .r. . . Mr Cull . Servants... VLesste Ford,Colingwood Si Mason Lady Teazle Mrs Robert' Heir Mrs Candour Mrs Alfred Phillips Lady Sneerwell Mrs Chapman \- Maria . , . . . ; . . . . . . . .-.Miss-Rosa Dunn - Maid., Miss Murray . To conclude .with. the. very/laughablo faroe, MY WIFE'S SECOND FLOOR. Supported by Messrs Harwood, Charles Young, Andrews, Ireland, Mrs Phillips, Miss Milne, t , 1 and Miss Tilly Earle. Box- Office open for souriugiseats. /Pass out chocks qjre not transferable.' Doors open at 7 p.m. Commence at 8 p.m. precisely. . .... -j 