freemasonry exposes. I hnve iolueci tho Matonin If. .. J.ditor. 1 nm a froo and .ooentod .nn 3C mothir, or wkatovor it is, oi.tbnt anoiont myviterloua orgnnlBalion. I havo boloneBd .? 11.OU7 jooret ocolttiea in my time— X havo hn«„' mi Oiangomnp, nnd a Sou ol Tempornnoo, 3 a teiii.n, nnd, II I reniombor aright I 0„„ bflonged to n gnug ol oohiera— bnt thi. M.ronla nrrnugement, this Inotitutton ol th„ ocmpnsa nnd tqunro,- diatnnofu thorn n!l, X lm!l oiton wondered whnt oort ol n thing war. In whnt ro.peota ho diliorod from nn ordlnnry being. Agnln nnd aenln hnvo X pumped pcruona who I thouoht know whnt woo what with n viow ol fiodini out something rognrding thoso qnoor raon but it was no go. Mum was thn word, pad 'tliA.I who oould toll wouldn't, nnd thoso who w,,„i| couhln t ; for fuither infotmstiiin I was told go ond find out, I had n vnguo idea ol n, own that a Mason was a aurt ol oupornaturnl bung, n rognlnr rlng-tallod roaror, with hnt„' and hoofs to mslob, who oould oomo down thT ohlmnoy or get thruugli ttio iteyholo, nnd ,liu .ppoarliico a lUsh ol lightning-a chap that would knock blazes ont ol a follow with th» wink ol his oyo, and ol whom tho dovll him ncll was afraid. ul Thero is ono stngulnr thing oouneotod will. Miisonry ol which you aio porhaps uot nwst„ nnd that Is a Mason novor dieB. Ooosslon.ihl it ij given out that a brother has departed thi. life, and tho ftatornity is rospeotfully J monod to do honor to his rsmains, but it is aH a sham, a big swindle gotton up to throw dn.i in tii o oyes of tho unlnitlatsd. Tho cnllln i, Btitir-.c full of brioks, nud deposited with d, ' Boloinnlty In tbo comotory, whllo tho broths.! nnd friends aro bluhhoring their oyes out ovss tho graves of tbo dear dopartod, and tho d. parted quiotly cnjoylug hlmssif in tho back room of somo hotol, proparntory to leavine (m parts unknown, s ' It ia a Inot, Me Kditor, Masons novor die They may cbango their nppoaronoa and move oil to other spheres, but as for dying thev don't do It. It Is supposed by somo that after they hnvo transacted wiokodaoiB enough on this onrth tbuy aro transformed into comets and meteors nnd go wandening through annee kicking up eblnoB and raising tho devil generally, And a great many peoplo suppose that tho last inetooilo finplay way notbiue Koto or has than a freo fight bot«rceu mx rival ludgea tbat havo oronsctl each others' path; tho different colored lights betokenhii? tho diifgreut degrees they bad acquired iu the ilcfih. Freomasonary is of anolont dato, na proved by tbe fact that during the wet season N-:ah ured to bold meetings lu the corner uf Ihonrk Ho was obliged to give It tip, however, owlce to the ourlualty of Mrs Nah, who, notwltb. standing thn fact that bor husband plaeed a big polr of Hor s and a big orocodilo at tho door as outsldo guard, oftmo pretty naar finding out tbo secret uud itartln? a female lodge on hoc own noou, I must toil yon tho perils and trials I hid to undergo to become a Mason. On the evening iu question, I presented mysolf At tho door of tbe Ledge-room, No. 6G.GGG, signs of the ekail and orues bonos. I was conducted to tbe ante room, whore five or six melancholy chaps, In sbebrs and embroidered nnpklus, wore waiting to receive me. On ray Gutrenco, they all got up and turned back somersaults, and thon quietly resumed their eratp, A big fat follow, who sat in tbe middle, nud who eeetnod to be tho propictor, then Bifid, " Slnnor from tho outward world advanco." I Advanced. 44 Will youglvo up everything to join us 2" " Not If I know It," said I. " There's my wife and fourteen line—" (Another pnrtv here told mo it was a mere matter of form, Tho fellows iu tho towels , then groaned, aud said, " 'Tin well," 41 Do you swear never to reveal aoythiog you may see or hear this evening, not to yourwifo?'' I said, "Pon my word I will nut," They thon examined my teeth nnd felt my muscle?, and mado mo put out my tongup, and then groaned again. I said, " If yr>u don't feel woll, I havo get a little bottlo hero that——" That fat man hero took hold of the bottle from me, and told mo to shut up. Ho then, In a voloo of thunder, Bftid, " Bring furtb tho goat." Another follow theu carao forth and blindfolded mo. 44 No you dun't, Mr Mason," I said; 44 no brioks on travellere, If you please. I don't bellevo ploy. iDg lu bllndmnu's bui! with a goat. I'll ride the devil if you like, but I don't go it blind, S and back, or I'll knook you Into smithe reens." They woro too much for me, however, and I bad to Bubrait to be blindfolded. Tbs go»t was then led in, aud I oould bear him making au awful racket among tho furniture I begun to feel that f was urgently w&nf;/Jrt borne, but I waa In for it, ana wii net help myoolf. Tbreo or four Man then Btfizod me, aud with a doraonhed l-iigh pitohed mo ou tho animal's bact, telllvg mo at tbo same tlmo to look out foe pqanlli", I bava been in a good muoy scraper, Mr Editor; I've bean in an election tight; I'm b<eu pitched out of n four-st trey window; I havo gouo down In a railroad collision, aud up in a stonmboat explofiun, but this grot excur sion was ahead of them all. The confouoded thing must bo all wings and homa. It bumped mo ogaiciit tbe tables and the stove and tbe ot-Ufcg, but I bung on like a Trojan. L turned front somersaults, and rolled over t.1111 thought It wcb all over with me. I was juut on tho poiut of giving up when tho baudttgo fell from iny eyes, and tbo goat, bounded through the window with a yell like a Comanche ludiau ptvlug up tho ghost. I waa In Lodge of Masons. They were dicclog a wnr danca around a skull, and playing I leapfrog and turning handsprings, and tbe I big fat fellow of tho ante room was stand ing on bis head la tbe oorner finishing tbs contents of my little bottlo. Order was soon restored, and I w&b; led up to a deuk and told to Btand at ray ease. The ohicf ongiooer ol I Ifie daiabllahmant thes put hia thnmb tn hii I nose aud stretoblug bis lingers in tbo shape of a fan towards me, commanded oilonoe. Tea rest of tbe brethren did likewise, and were silent, The governor then addressed me:" 4 'Brother Koubb, you are now one of as, You aro now a member of an institution tbat bra lasted over ten millions of- years- From this tlmo hence your constitution >' sound. You are Impervious to light or heat, or any other atmospberlo Intlueocs Yonr are watr-proof, fire-proof, and over- proof, With impunity you may wnlk through thn tnlrn. nv nit nn A rnri.hnfc Rtovfi I with 1(0 punity driuk aquafortis, ryo whisky, Wsboo bitters, or any other poisonous snbetance- Yon are free from rheumatism, dyspepsia, whooping-cough, and the measles. TeesberlB daze not seizure you for debt, nor tbo police- man for misdemeanor. You are of ns, Mri you are safe. (Here Is tbo pass- word ; with that and a big olah yon caa got into any loffge la Christendom." I then stood the whisky and water all the way round, and I was a freo aDtl ocoepted Mason. 