ITALY. s*t ['From our own CorreaDOcdeni 1 Rome. May 21. The last month has been an eventful one for [taly, and we are even now in a grave Minis terial crisis, which, it is hoped, however, will extricate the mtion from the uncertain policy that has prevailed for five years under each suc ceeding Cabinet of the Left'. I shall brieSy narrate tbe Parliamentary vicissitudes of the last ^foor weeks, which, I venture to say, are without precedent in tbe annals of constitu tional government-. (After the Easter recess, Parliament met on the 28th April. The Cairoli Cabinet, which, as you may remember, had been defeated and had resigned on the 7th April, presented itself before the House on the 2Sth- bolstered up by the Nicotera party and a few partisans of Crbpi to form the ghost of a great majority. Never before had such an unconsti tutional proceeding occurred in the. Italian Parliament It behoved the defeated Ministry either to resign once for all, or to dissolve the Chamber. Cairoli did neither. His re appearance as tbe Premier so perplexed all parties that they might have exclaimed with Macbeth, 'The times have been that when the brains were oat the man would die, and there an end; but now they rise again with tsenty mortal morthfrs (blunders) on their crowns, and posh as from oar stools : this is more strange than Bach a mnrther is.' The Cabinet was at once attacked on the subject oE its reappearance in its prutime integrity by Deputies of all parties. General Fabrizii of the Left said that the last crisis re vealed tbe schisms in the Left, and that tha solution of it was unconstitutional— that by the vote of tha 7th April the Ministry hid been condemned on tbe ground of want of foresight in its foreign policy ; that should the Left now vote in favour of tbe Ministry it would be to prevent the delay of the electoral reform by the retain of the Eight to power. Musari, ot the OppositicD, called the defeated Ministry to account frr the unconstitutional act of pre senting itself unmodified to the Chamber. He zsaintainrd that the reforms initiated by the Left could be equally well carried out by the flight. Bevio, a Republican, blamed the Govern ment for the isolation into which it had brought Ittly. Boogbi said tbe House was quite in tbe dark as to the understanding existing between the Ministry and the different fractions of the Left,, and remarked that it would be strange indeed to see Orispi and IS not era, who h»d voted ag&inst; the Ministry en the 7 th April, now vote in favour. Buonoino (Left) demanded when before had the Chamber been asked to contradict itself? If the bare idea that Franca might invade Tunis had given the Parliament such a shock as to make it vote against the Ministry, how came it to pass that, now that the invasion had taken place, the House was asked to vote in favour? Several other speeches were made on both Bides. Cairoli then rose and tried to show that he bad been compelled to remain by the force of cir cumstances. He assured the House that during the crisis tbe differences existing between the Ministerial Left and tile Dissidents (Orispi's party) had disappeared, which made him hope to hare a favourable majority. He undertook to show, if be remained in office, th it Italy is not isolated. The House divided on an Order of tbe Day, proposed by Mincini, and favourable to 'the Ministry. A carious fact then took place. There were 450 Deputies present. When the voting began forty-one of thefle left the House, and among them Orispi, who bad overthrown the Cabinet on April 7 ; Grimaldi and Vare, Ministers in former Cabinets of the Left; Bovio, radical, and others of every party. Of the Right and Centre 146 abstained with Bella and Minghetti. The Ministry remained, with 263 Deputi&a; present. Two hundred and sixty-two voted in favour ; one only, Pernzzi, of the Right, would not unite with the abstainers, and voted alone against the Ministry. 80 tbe Cabinet had a victory of Pyrrbus. On the 14th instant the news of the signing of the French treaty by the Bey of Tunis caused tbe second fall of this Cabinet. On the pre vious day a diplomatic note from Barthelemy St. Hilaire, Foreign Secretary of France, reached Borne, in which allusion waa made t? Italy in an offensive m»nn«r. Ministers, Depu ties, and all felt insulted by the aogracious manner in which Italy was treated. Then came a telegram from Oialdini, oar Ambassador at Paris, asserting that St. Hilaire had not alluded to Italy, and that, on the contrary, be was anxious to preserve her friendship ; that pease had been concluded with the Bey, and that the French would evacuate Biserta and all the Regency. This calmed the agitation for a moment. Bat Ferry's speech before tbe French Ckamber arrived a few hours later, and no doubt then re mained that France had purposely deceived as. Cairoli therefore resigned on the 14th, but begged tbe King to form a Ministry of the Left, baittrd on the majority of the 30th April. The Eing told Cairoli to give up that idea, remark ing that Italy must now be spared further un certainties. His Mtjesty told him that he would call Pella to form a Ministry. As on this occasion the King did not consult the Presi dents of the Chamber of the Senate, these both resigned ; so did Oialdini immediately, and also many Prefects. Sella's first thought was to form a Cabinet composed of the Centre, Moderate, Left, and Bight, bat Grimaldi, Magliani, and Coppino, of the Left, declined, and only Billia, of the Centre, was disposed to accept a portfolio. It was the King's idea to have a Ministry of conciliation between the Bight and Left, but Sella has not succeeded in forming it, and has resigned the mission. On hearing yesterday evening that His Majesty had next called Farini Lopeaker 01 we unamDer) ana ueprens all those who had resigned retracted, and now they ire trying to concoct another Cabinet of the Left. I most now briefly relate the story of the wrongs of Tunis, and explain why her affairs bave given rise to two political crises in Italy. At Berlin, when Lord Beaconsfield astonished Europe by annexing Cyprus, Bismarck, to keep France quiet, said to her Ambassador, ' Take Tunis,' ami to Italy, ** You take Tripoli.' It ly shrugged her shoulders, as foreign conquest is not in her lioa; but Fraore quietly prepared to take the hint and bide her time tor a pretext to invaJu Tunis. England meanwhile told Italy that she would not permit such a thing. But it camo out that ehe bad, both secretly and by diplomatic notes, given France to understand that she would not oppose her. The Gladstone Minis by, however, was bound to observe tbe promises made by the Conservative Cabinet, so Italy has been deceived. Meanwhile the French Press had for mouths betn indulging in invectives against Italy, and at length the Opinion* of Borne, tne oldest and most weighty and temperate newspaper in the kingdom, among whose staff statesmen Bach as Cavonr, Laiza, Sella, and many others hive been trained, deigned to reply about ten days ago. The following is a. short summary of the Opinione's article, which left a deep impreaakm ou all political a.vd diplomatic circles, and made a noise in France : — ' After the va*t (immane) catastrophe which befell ber, France has givep evidence of possessing bat a secou-l-r&f-; ambi tion ! Before Sedan we wero wunt to consider France as an aspirant tJter supreme glory ; after Sedan she has not known bow to wait, and her present rulers are striving to give her political victories, reeking to add to her territory in an; possible wsy. It is not by the Tunisian expedition that France will regain her lost influence as a military Power. The petty successes on which she is so vainly priding berself show that she neither knows bow to appreciate nor desire great ones. She fancies' she is raising berself, while in reality she is declining. . . . But 'beyond Tunis looms Italy, the bats of all the newspapers of Paris. . . . She would bumble Italy ! And she is not aware that she is preparing future evils for herself. Italy is not the regency of Tunis, and if Austria, Germany, and England appreciate the value of her friendship or her neutrality, wby does not France value it ? Tbe French Press hut even been so blinded as to go the length of praising Germany, because she does not oppose their taking Tunis ! And they do not perceive that Germany is keeping a formidable filence. aod U leaving them alone because ber tibjtct is thus gained. She wished to prevent every possibility tnat, in future con tingencies, 30,000 Italians might fellow the Fiench army, ai-d she has gained her point . . . The expediency (epperhauste) demo crats, who now govern France, wer» anxious to obtain, a little -triumph to affect the approach ing elections. After,- tbe Mexican expedition and the war with Germany this (from a French point of view) ia tbe third gross (massimo) blander that France has made, and it will be expiated.'' You will have learnt, ere this reaches you, that the French bombarded Tabarea, where there is not a single Tunitian soldier; they wasted much powder and slnt on Djebeloum Sekkek for tbe mere pleasure of shooting down the few Kroumirs ; they took Buerts without finding even a show of resistance, and succeeded in occupying that port, which they had de manded in vain from the Bey, and the posses sion of which by France has been always opposed by Italy. The last act of the Tunis drama may be given in a few words. General Breard asked an audience of the Bey on tbe morning of tee 12th. The Bey granted it for 4 p~xn., at which hour the General, accompanied by Roostan (the French Consul), went to the Bardo and read to the Bey a treaty, consisting of ten articles, by which republican France usurped the govern ment of .a friendly and independent State, whose Prince ahe virtually made her botd-dave. The Bey tcok time to- reflect till 9 p.m. At 8 p.m. iis Highness signed the treaty, but first stipu lated that the FrvEch troops surrounding Tunis should not enter the city. So this act ot politi cal brigandage was perpetrated at the point of Ihe bayonet. Long may it stand unique on the pages o! history. France may yet have cause to ickcpwled«,e the truth of the saying of her President Thiers. 'Yon cay do anything with bayonets but sit upon them ' The Itilian is by far the most important European colony in Tunis, being more than twice at numerous as the French, and infinitely better liked by the Dative population. I shall therefore say a ward or two ;aboat Maccio (the Italian) and Roustan (the French Consul at Tunis), who, as repre sentatives of tbeir respective countries, have been used by France to fire the mine she was preparing beneath the throne of Mahommed el Sadok, and are still likely to be prominent figures in the coming struggle between the two colonies in such anomalous circumstances. The Chevalier Maccio is a Tuscan of Fistoia, a family man, of fifty-three yeari of age. He is an Italian patriot, and fought at Oartatore in 1848 against Eadetzky. When Tuscany again fell under foreign yoke he emigrated to Alex andria, in Egypt, where he exercised his pro fession of an advocate. Ihe Tuscan Consul there was Signor Rossetti, wba employed Maccio in legal matters. In 1860 Rossetti retired from tbe censulship, and Maccio asked and obtained the office of Consul fram the Italian G.vern menr, who knew and valued him. He was afterwards sent to Cairo, then to Damascus, to Beyrutb, and finally to Tunis. He is a stern reticent man, but true and warm-hearted. The Italians in those distant parts love and esteem him greatly. M. Boustan is his junior by nine years, and a gay Frerch bachelor. He is aa excitable, ambitions, and intriguing as Maccio is cool aud methodical. At Cairo he was f ellow Gonsul with Maccio, afterwards at Beyruth, and now at Tunis. He is not master of the Arabic larguage as Maccio is, and therefore jealous, and often auspicious, of him. He makes a tool of Mcssdle, a Syrian in high office at the Court of the Bey, to deceive thst Prince and betray him. Tbe bad fetling between tbe two Consuls dates from 1866, when they were both at Cairo. Tbe cholera tnen broke out there. Maccio did bis utmost to relieve the unhappy cholera victims— gave away beds, obtained doctors and medicines from Itily. and otherwise assisted them ; and all quietly, because bragging is the first thing which Italians abbor. But the French newspapers, inspired by Boustan, give all the credit of this to their Consul. Maccio, wondering, remarked that this news was not correct, and from that boor Roustan hated him mortally. In 1879 both were Consuls at Tunis. Maccio, seeing that the Italian colony was the most numerous there (7,000, while the French is only 3,000), advised Kubattino to purchase the Goletta Railway with a view to favour the development and the commerce of tbo colony ; and the Italian Government, wber. consulted oa the subject, acquiesced. Roortan beard this, and raised a noise at Paris about tbe intriguing of the Italians, and roused the French Press on the subject. Kubattino, for the sake of peace, submitted the case to a neutral English Court of Justice, received a verdict in his favour, and purchased the railroad by auction. Roustan continued his protests, and France, interpreting Bismarck's silence as consent, and mindful of his words at tbe Berlin Congress, sent first twenty, then forty, and then fifty thousand soldiers in all to subjugate Tunis. What tbe npsbot of the Tunisian expedition will be so one as yet can tell. Italy keeps silent. Energetic protests have been made in the British Parliament, showing that the French protectorate baa also taken the public of the United Kingdom by surprise. Should France persist in making a French prefecture of the Regency of Tunis it is not improbable that Britain may, in self-defence, try some thing similar in Egypt, where she has many interests to protect, especially ber route to the East and to Australia by the Snez OanaL So the position of Italy is delicate in the extreme. We trust that she may soon bave a wise and prudent statesman at the helm of affairs to pilot ber safely through such rocks and shoals. And what will France make of Tunis now that she has seized it ? It is well known that, of all nations, she is tbe least adapted for colonizing. Take Algiers as an example. Up till now, instead of being self-supporting and a benefit to the mother country, that colony costs France 300 millions of trancs a year, and hates the French with a perfect hatred. - And for the result of French influence in Africa, the report of General Cbsszy, bite Governor cf Algiers, stated that there was one convict for every 3,621 French in that province, one in every 11,095 Jews, and one in every 13,240 Mussulmans. Hitherto the corruption of the ruling race has not seriously effected the morals of the Moslem population. One would at least expect to learn that the van quished had gained the ad vantage of instruction and civilization from their victors. Statistics of Algiers, pnblished a few months ago in tbe Journal des Debats, inform us that among the Mossulman population public instruction was wide-spread; that there were many excellent schools in connection with all tbe mosques and chapels; the wandering tribes had always a tent which served as a school, where reli gion was inculcated, the Koran daily read, and the pupils taught to read and write; that in all tbe principal loca lities higher schools existed where students were taught grammar, rhetoric, arithmetic, and astronomy. The Ki&her; studies, under the most learned marabout*, comprised law, theology, comments on the Koran, and numbered from SOOto9GO stndents. 'Decline began the day after we took possession of the country,' writes tbe DibaU. ' JYous nous somtnes empares des revenus des fondations pituses qui servaient d entrttenir Us ecoles.' (We seized the revenues of the picas endowments which served to main tain the schools.) ' This sad state of things showed pnblic instruction to be less flourishing under tbe government of tbe French than under that of tbe Turks.' At tbe present day Arab teacbins is almost destroyed. Tbe hiaher in struction only nomoers izu students instead ot 3GO or 900 before the eoDquest. Now, after Sfty years of possession, they speak of improving Lbe condition of the poor Arabs, and a French journalist writes : — ' It is the school which must Ik gin tbe separation between the spiritual and the secular, now confounded together by the MuiBulmans. This separation will ensure the triumph of civilization.' Was it for the sake of laving one convict for every 3,621 inhabitants that France invaded a friendly State and obliged tbe sovereign of Tunis to sign an act of subjec tion with the dagger at his throat? The Cross and the Crescent, at war in North Africa, have been amiably hobnobbing in Rome. The Khedive Ismail Pasha was present at the brilliant reception at the French Embassy— Palazzo Farnese — a few days ago, and, in his 1 urn, gave a diplomatic dinner, to which Prince Massimo and other papalini were, invited along with the Ambassadors. Ismsil Pasha is now in Naples ; but before leaving Rome be not only paid a farewell visit to King Humbert, bat also Co the Pope, and two days afterwards a Papal »iriagp, containing Cardinal Jacobini and three prelates of Pope Leo's Court, was been to enter the Khedive's villa at the Macao. Nor is orthodox Russia to be any longer left oat in the cold by Holy Mother Church. The most im portant part of the negotiations between the Vatican and Russia are now concluded. Cardinal Jacabini and the Russian Envoys, Messrs. Mossolow and Bouteniew, bave signed the first part of a concordat, determining tbe future relations between the Church and State in Rossis, comprising Poland, and settling the diplomatic relations between tbe Holy Sea and Russia. Reciprocal concessions, not involving their principles, bave been made, and the two parties bave allowed no political rancours to mingle in their negotiations regarding Poland. The remaining questions to be solved are of Sjinor importance. From Chaucer's time downward spring has been tbe chosen season — ' When longen folk to gon on pilgrimages. And palmerea tc seken strange stronde?.' Tbe'Russun Grand Dukes Sergius and Paul bave just left Borne to go to Palestine. This year tbe jubilee has attracted an unusual number of pilgrims to Rome. Tbe first caravan of these jubilee pilgrims consisted of 300 from tbe land of Voltaire, who were received, along with their gift of Peter's pence, by the Pope on May 8. Another very important ons is expected from tbe land of Strauss and Kant about the 26th of this month. Two other caravans are to arrive in June. Even the Duke of Ohambord tent bis mite of lO.COOf. in gold (£200) to the Pope on the occasion, through the Roman Princess Massimo. I must not omit to mention I an audience given by His Holiness to tbe old j employes of Pius IX., presented by tbe Duke j Salviati, at tie end of last month. The Pope made one of his usual speeches on the evils now afflicting the Church^nd, alluding to the Reform j Bill then before Parliament, said, ' You must j come forward and bring your iciiaenca to bear \ on the municipal and provincial administration, j the only field which for high reasons of political j convenience (ordme ultissimo) is at presen: j allowed to Catholics in Italy.' Bat in spite of ] his being so often en itidence, Pope Leo's health | leaves much to be desired. His physicians urge { a change of air to his villa on the Campagna, I the Castle ef Gandolfo. The Pope referred this advice to a Council of Cardinals, who complied in a way equivalent to a veto. In my last letter I mentioned that Sir Augustus Fsget, British Ambassador at the Court of the Quirinal, was to be rsmoved to St. Petersburg, snd to be replaced here by Sir Henry Layard, dow at Constantinople. Since then Sir Augustas, who dreads the climate of St. Petersburg for himself and family, has su- cetded ia haviDg himself confirmed as Ambas sador in Rome until the espixy of bis £?e years' term of office. On the 5th instant the National Exhibition at Milan was opened by the Royal Family. As it is a great success, I purpose to visit it, and shall give you a brief aecotmt o! it in my next letter. _____________ Jamktowm Atelbtic Sfobts.— The Stewards have awarded the second prize in the Two-mile Race to J. Platten instead of C Page. 