SPARKS. There are public-house«» over the water want looking after; ivlnc't w iter is pretty well known. In-i«. (wlu-re they are mihi are useful in their way ; but vih^n they aie HOL they are worse than useless-they are a nui- sance. Windsor'i volunteers- - Are ju»t the stvle <>i men, ni\ dears, To fight for " Home and Be.intv ; And »lieu ginn-\i'>jged war appel s, They'll kno.v hu.-, to do their duty. A further supp'y of the Darwinian typ¿ in " Coort " t'other day au natureland other- wise. What is wanted : good sewerage, good water, uni iresii air for the heilthy ; and proper medical treatment, good nursing, and com- fortable qnrters for the sick-and we can ease our minds as to the results. Railway r »pes have lately become valuable. If all the sir«y one were collected-aid that there has been no fuss about-there would be enougn manilla to hang ali the careless offi- cials in the Department. Where there are sweet singers I don't mind wasting an hour or two. Wesleyan Church, Macquarie-street, u the address. Zeal is excellent-when consistent, and runs continuously ; but when it is put on i spasmodically, why then it descends far below even humbug. Ruiwiy matters referred to. Talk about disease ; what can be more likely to spread-or rattier drive-the germs of ali kinds of disease abroad than a high wind playing i.mUsticaliy upon our dusty streets .' Some people ar? always wanting something to rea 1. Well, II their Bibles are not inte- resting en >ug i, they may read Dr. Fiaschi's pap T on the "Aies of Mau" with much profit-v.dc HAWKLSUURY CHRONICLE, i8th and 25th instant. Smai'poxophists-what a name-tried to get up * " sc^re" the other diy. Yes, herein Windsor. Some poor CHOW appeared, so they said, en negligee (m a blanket) ; so he did to other heated imaginations-at old Pye's, Parramatta. Tae police couldn't find him, though. A ghost is abroad. Wanted, at Richmond, " A lamp unto our feet, mid a iigut unto our path," at the Post aud Telegraph Offices, Windsor-street. Windsor Post Onicc is to have one, why not Richmond ? But there, Richmond is always m the dark. There are some Christ ans who'd run against a cross, and k i >c<* ciieir brains out tor spite. How many, mien we're all made in a cruciform snape-wuuout going to churches aud cliapeis, finíais, «ice. Pachyderms are bullet-proof. I knew that Irom expeiienee years ag>; no need of a reminder ! | The Templar meeting at Richmond the other night Will long be remembered by those who were there-ii tor nothing else than the plucky manner in which the Windsor contingent "went in " to prevent a com- plete collapse. G.ts was wanted also the same evening, to see the torchlight procession ; and good ears to hear the big drum. The fiery comet, that our local astro norner on the square has so often shot at, made his appearance in this town on Wed- nesday ; no damage done, though matters may become warmer directly than some persons care for. Realty, building is a slow trade in this good town. What is it they want-com- J petition ? | An energetic ex-Alderman means busi- ness ; and building is the order of the day in George and Bridge streets. The slough of despond in Macquarie street is, at present, hard and bumpy-but let it rain, and the immortal Fluter will bless the Aldermanic peepers and understand- ings. Francis Madden is his name when sober ; but he's Francis Madder when tight. Alas, poor shellback ! We may expect to hear of tiouble shortly. A man of the people, and a man of the beasts, will peel off. Ninny v. Mac ; who'll bet ? Thursday's Herald, re the smallpox ¿care, says " Mrs. Gui ford might have been re- moved in a more humane and seemly manner ;" and in another place alludes to " the repulsive circumstances connected there- with." Hear, hear, Hunter- street. " Determined resistance" is spoken of re Oxford-street double tramway. Lambing Flat, on a small scale, may be expected shortly, then. Maxfield, of Windsor-street, Richmond, is at it again. Not satisfied with Chronic(al) manu ¡as at tuppence, he now goes in for Uni- versa! Sewing Machines on " time-payment." \"iee .'ji'in, M-iy hVi-i. , AthDVice A'.isti^'i.x-Windsor, especially' [ 1*. ¡ty.ui's ruo'.to is " N< -ver say die!" He r.ny- in fun't be licked ; and to shew that it - j- «.. , ;-.;!, i ires, 'bus far?«:, or -ipy other fares, 'o ;ui ¡i rls ol' tile '.own and district will be ..ii.ii as to defy competition. \ t'LCAS. 