rs, A ROMAK NOBLE'S LUCK. , From . one point : af view—what ought be s, termed Hie ladies 1 point of view—the most interesting man in Rome is the'Duke of Gallese who is an even more striking example than Torlonia of the vanity of human wishes. The e Duke's name isHardoon, and he was born in a village in the south of France, whenoe, as a sergeant of cavalry, he oame in tbe. army of . occupation to Bome. He happened to be quartered in the Palazzo Altempo, in the oourt of which' be Was daily tobe seen grooming his horse. While thus. engaged he used to be observed and admired by the owner of the palazzo, the middle-aged Oountess Altemp, who thought it a pity that so fine-looking a young fellow should <be a mere French sergeant. Tender relations scon began between the two, bat how eimldahe many an uncommissioned officer? Woman's ingenuity, however, soon fonnd a a way oatof the difficulty. Along with various properties, the Oountess inherited several titles which seemed destined to die with her, as die had no children. Her wedth er and social position made her influential at tbe Vatican, -and the good-natured Pitts IX. was f ever ready to oblige his friends. He was induced, therefore, to bestow one of these title npon r the lucky Hardoun, who lost no time In marrying his patroness. It soon appeared that n fortune nad only begun to smile upon him, for r ere long hk wife died in childbirth, leaving a son who lived just long enough to inherit his mother's property and pass it-on to his father. Here was now the newly made Duke enormoad rich, still young, and as handsome aa ever; only a wife after his own heart was necessary onies complete hia happiness, and for this he had no far to seek. Young, beautiful, and of good family, the new Duchess of course smoothed he husbandfe path in society, which, at tbe worst, would not have been toorough; for though quite uneducated, -the Duke was net withou tact and good sense. But this complete happiness was not destined to last long, for, after a few years, tbe Duchess was suddenly stricken with madness. Her monomania consisted in believing herself pursued by the ghost of her n- predecessor, eeeinghenelf everywhere followed ir by a woman with a dead child in her arms, wh vowa destruction to her and her children. Frequently -ahe-has escaped from her house an t hurried through the streets -of Bome towards the id Tiber, ever crying, "My children 1 My children!" , : • 