Sermon. GRIEVING} THE SPIRIT. (Preached on Whit Sunday.) ' Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.'— Eph. iv. 30. The wonderful event which we commemorate this day was no mere attendant prodigy upon some principal epoch in our Lord's life or ministry— it was itself the actual descent from heaven of the Holy Ghost, according to the promise of Christ. He came to take the place on earth which our Lord had vacated, to comfort the disciples for His absence, to bring back to them all — and more than all — that they had lost, and, at the same time, to take up the work which. Christ had finished, and cany it on to a higher stage, under different conditions. Christ is in heaven, out of grasp or hearing of those who hung upon His words or gathered confidence from His touch. He is gone from us ; and strain our eyes as we may, we see neither bright cloud in the heaven nor the men in white apparel afc our side. But our consolation is, we have His Spirit to this day. And having His Spirit we have Him. For just as He was on earth— sweet, loving, tender, pitiful, the sinner's friend, the mourner's stay ; just as He is in heaven — holy, glorious, easy to be entreated, omni potent to save — His Spirit brings Him to us. But we know His Spirit too often only in His operations. He so completely merges Himself in His office, so confines Himself to the work of showing us the things of Christ, and imparting to us the benefits of the Passion and the graces of the Risen Life, that we lose sight of the fact that He Himself is a Person — the third Person— in the Trinity. We speak of the Spirit and of grace as if both were the same thing — an impersonal power or influence from above, shaping and sanctifying our lives. But the text brings home to us the consciousness that the Holy Spirit is a Person — that when we say, I believe in the Holy Ghost, we profess our belief in a Living Being, having will and mind and affections of His own. He can be grieved, it seems, by conduct of ours. He must be a Person, then, to be grieved. He can be no mere influence or power or operation. He must possess feelings that can be moved or wounded — must be no mere vague personification of an attribute of God, but be Himself a sentient Being, capable of pity and grief. But how, then, do we grieve Him 1 for that is the practical question lising out of this view. Turn to the words preceding the text — 'Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying.' The Spirit of Christ, that is, is grieved and pained by every tainted and impure breath that goeth. out of the man in whom He has taken up His abode. Every such thing defiles the man, and therefore dishonours the Spirit, whose temple the man is. The language of the text plainly points, in the first instance, to our words that we speak, as a prime dishonouring cause — as possessing the power of saddening and hurting the Holy One who is our guest. The most obvious application of this truth is not far to seek. Vile and shameful speech is almost the mother-tongue of a certain part of our youthful population in great cities ; while among the more edu cated classes, where a higher standard of decency obtains, it is to be feared that the sin exists with less grossness to the ear but no less offence to the Spirit. We may be revolted at the coarse profanity or ribald jest, and yet be careless of the flippant irreverence or the hasty oath. We may even pick and choose our expressions with great fastidiousness and delicacy, and yet the matter of our conver Bation be hurtful to morality or degrading to Christ. More than good taste and conscience are offended when we parody a text in the Bible or ridicule a rite in the Church. Grieves the Holy Spirit ! Why, it grieves and shocks every right-minded man or honourable woman to hear the way in which sacred things are discussed in public places. It is enough to make those who fear God, like St. John at Ephesus stop their ears and run out of the building, to hear the second-hand impieties, borrowed from the last newspaper or magazine, in which young and old, even while still professing and calling themselves Christians, will show off their smartness of wit and their contempt of the judgments of Almighty God. If, indeed, the miracle of this day (Whit Sunday) was no myth or fable ; if the Spirit of God from heaven is dwelling in the Church ; if it is no religious fancy, but Bober truth, that we have neighbouring us so closely this searching Spirit ; if He, the Holy One of God, unseen (though not unknown, conscience, with many a prick, has taught us of His presence;, is not only near us, but in us, sitting at the centre and fountain of our life, seeking to purify its issues, striving to keep back the flow of evil and ungodly thoughts, and evil and ungodly words, that are bursting from heart and lip, what are we doing when, in despite of His warning, we let the corrupt communications go forth, but despising and insulting the very majesty of God in its condescension to our needs, and provoking Him to call back His inestimable gifts and take His Holy Spirit from us ? But by the communications in the text is meant more than the utterance of evil and unbelieving words. They are contrasted with such as are 'good for the use of edifying,' or building up. For that is the Spirit's work — to build up the Church to be a living temple and its to be lively stones within that temple. The Spirit of Christ is Himself the life within the temple, the force by which it grows, the inspiring music by which, as in the old fable, its walls spontaneous rise. When we speak or act according to His prompting, we do it to edifying. Of such communications we cannot be too liberal. What ever you have of strength, or sweetness, or purity, or truth, or love ; whatever holy or spiritual thing is in you, sound doctrine, pious memory, exalted feeling, keep it not back, bufc tell it out for the benefit and confirmation in the faith of your brethren in Christ Jesus. All of us may claim the right to be fellow-workers with God here — the teacher with his message, the pastor with his exhortation, the ruler with his word of command, the father with his reproof, the mother with her entreaty, the friend with his counsel, the master with his encouragement, the husband or the wife with mutual remem brance and strengthening — all of us, with timely remonstrance, charitable excuse, loving apology, comfort in distress, and prayer without ceasing, have communications to make out of our mouths that shall minister grace U those who hear them. Communication by word of mouth to the glory of God was iiideed the Spirit's first gift to the Church. Look at that majestic sign which is the subject of to-day's Epistle — a new fountain of human utterance unsealed, an unknown tongue speaking through men's mouths ; a voice as from the oracles of God sounding out to those astonished multitudes. In that ror-m — temple, caa-nber, upper room, whatever it was — was heard the awful breathing of the Eternal Spirit; whon He came forth from the Man at God's right hand, bringing down gifts for men ; and when all around had been wrapt with the wind of that Invisible Presence, a glorious Appearance, like that of the Shechinah as seen by Ezekiel returning to God's house, unfolded itself to their eyes, as a flame parted several ways — and even as they looked it went from one to the other of the apostles, lighting on them in turn, and at the touch each felt and knew that the whole rush and force of that enwreathing flame had passed into his soul, that the dread presence of which he had been sensible without had become a power within, filling his whole being with light, and ecstasy, and spiritual song ; lifting every faculty of mind and body beyond its highest range, and carrying sense and spirit away with an upward moment of irresistible rapture. Who can wonder that out of burning hearts came burning words ? None were found that day to grieve the Spirit or quench the tongue of fire. All was faith, and love, and joy in the Holy Ghost, and such a might of witness as bowed the hearts of that incredulous crowd as of one man. No such sensible prodigy attends our meetings at this day in Christ's name. The first outbursting of the river of life was with the leap of a mighty waterfall, with the roar of many waters, with great thunderings and shakings of the Mount of God ; but as we see it now, in its strong, unresounding flow, it is the same river — its waters as healing, its force as strong. The divine life and power and utterance to which those signs at Pentecost gave witness are an heritage for ever. God's gifts are given without recall. The Spirit abides on the Church as it abode upon our Master ; and if we, even we, instead of resisting and grieving Him, will give ourselves in faith to be filled, and sanctified, and used for the edification of others, we shall find the fires and voices of Pentecost neither quenched in our hearts nor silenced in our lips. We hear no rushing wind from heaven in the churches where we meet, hear not even the voice of the wind blowing where it listeth, so silently and without observation does the Kingdom of God come. Yet, with every one of us, that heavenly air is blowing upon heart and soul, dispersing thick mists and poisonous exhalations, and bringing refreshment and life to the languid spirit. All your lives long — in baptism, in confirmation, in reading of Scripture, in communion with pious friends, in the spiritual partaking of the Lord's Supper— the Spirit Who came down as at this day has been pleading with you, working in you, seeking to lift you up and bear you on ; founting up within you as a con tinually springing well ; seeking to pour Himself forth in gracious words, and acts as a river of living water, at which many may drink and live. 0 brethren 1 quench not and grieve not that Holy Spirit of God. Break not with too rash hands the very signet ring of your redemp tion. Fear to drive forth by careless or profane word the Lord of the temple from His sanctuary. Oh I if He shall depart, who shall give grace or cleansing ?. Who shall inspire utterance of prayer, or make intercessions with groanings that cannot be uttered 1 Who shall strive with you in your waywardness, or work with you in your obedience? Who shall bring Christ down to you, or lift you up to Christ ? Who shall stay your rashness, or instruct your ignorance, or comfort you in your trouble ? Yes ; and when death has claimed you, and you lie in the hell like sheep, who shall quicken your mortal bodies, to raise you from the dead, when the Spirit o£ Him that raised up Jesus from the dead has risan up and left us 1 The insulted Spirit will not always stay. He is long- suffering, but he will not always strive with man ; and if we lose Him, we lose not j oii3 Divine Comforter, bufc three— Father, Son, and Holy Ghost— ! all mine, all in me and with me, so long as I am led by the j Spirit ; all gone, with heaven's glories and the crown that should j be mine, never to return, if I once quench the holy fire and cause ? Him to depart in grief. \ Yes ; and we may grieve Him by what we leave unsaid or undone, \ as well as by what we do or say. What grand witness was given at Pentecost that God's Church was indeed meant to be a house of i| praise to all nations, when to men from every nation under heaven J those first utterances of the Spirit were sounded, and all had their ears opened to understand ! Those to whom He gave | utterance had the witness that they were to be ministers of )f God, and those representatives of all nations to whom He gave | ears to hear had the witness that for them that ministry was jj, intended. Can catholicity be conceived wider than was there seen ? That list well nigh exhausted the geographical knowledge of that day, embracing the two great empires that then divided the world, and the three continents known to the ancients. History and discovery have added to that list names of nations and countries unheard of for centuries later. The two names which we prefix to the missions to which you are asked to subscribe are names of an empire and a continent not included in that enumeration. We can f add Chinese and Australian aborigines to the catalogue of strangers jj who are looking on upon our worship. Have we no glorious things |t of God to speak of in their hearing? Shall we shame our Pentecostal jj birth by withholding our witness 1 Shall we not do our part, as [{', God gives us opportunity, by words of our own, or by words of h those we send in His name, to let them, hear ' men speak in | their own tongue the wonderful works of God.' Who can tell, if full |' of the Holy Ghost— full, that is, of faith, love, and fiery zeal— we |; take in hand these missions, in which we have hitherto been ao luke warm and half-hearted, how many souls of those Chinese heathen and those fast-dying out savages might even yet be added to the Church ? But if all should be done, and no result follow, our witness must still be given. The standard has to be raised and the seed to be sown, let God give tha increase or give the victory when or how | He may. Enough for us that the Holy Spirit has said, Come, and |: that we. who have heard and come, are bound to repeat the word, and | send the invitation on in all the tongues He gives to all the t nations He is calling, before we have a right to lookup— our wit- M ness done— and say to Him who promises to come quicidy— ' Even ig so, come, Lord Jesus.' m 