RAILWAY EXTENSION' TO ALBURY. OriNioNS OF TIIE VICTORIAN PBESS. (Age, Saturday, February 5.) SIR ITcmr Porkcs made the most of liis opportunities at Albury. But then lie alwnys does improro tlio Bhining hour. It has been bis loading principle throughout life. It wns by making the most of his opportunities that ho derated himself from tlio position of a dealer in toys to that of the Premier of Now South Wales, and a Knight Commander of St. Michael anil St. George. His political enemies have sometimes said that in the way lie makes uso of his opportunities Sir Henry is just a liltlo unscrupulous. This calumny was asserted of the bonorablo gentleman at tlio time when he conducted tlio Em pire newspaper, upon the occasions when he figured in tho Sydney Insolvency Court, when ho hanged tho wretched maniao O'Farrcll, when ho traded upon the religious animosities which periodically disgrace New South Wales, when he enacted a treason-felony bill which made it a penal offence not to drink tho Queen's health with three times three, when lie believed or pro fessed to believe in the Kiaina ghost, when ho pardoned the bushranger Gardiner in de fiance of all respectable public opiuion, and when he destroyed the old records of the colony in order that Society in Now|South Wales might never be made to blush for its ancestors. But then the persons,who charge Sir Henry Parkes with being unscrupulous are his political enemies, and everybody knows that the criticism of oue's enemies is apt to be a little unjust. Wo have always paid a willing testimony to tho energy and. ability of Sir Henry Parkes, and we have done this not only when he was at the head of a powerful poli tical party which enjoyed all the emoluments and honours of office, but even when ho was at tho very nadir of his political fortunes, when his pecuniary position was at the worst, and when he was acting in this colony as the agent of an adventurer who was sucking to obtain a subsidy for a line of Etcamors between Australia and San Fran cisco; But wo have never shut our eyes to the thoroughly selfish charactcr of the Parkes policy. Hisgroat object is to aggran dise the trade of tho city which he repre sents, and to manufacture political capital out of tho silly jealousy which exists throughout New South Wales at the pro . gress and prosperity of Victoria. The real reason why the railway towards Albury and . Moatria has been constructed so slowly is not, . R8 was stated by Mr. Lackey, tho mountain ranges which separate Port Jackson from tho fertile plains of the south and west, but jealousy of Melbourne. Sir Henry Parkes-: stated at Albury that 11 lie was so confident in the loyalty of the people that ho believed they would rather send 400 miles to trade with Sydney than go only 200 miles to Mel* bourne." If ho felt this confidence, why theso delays in extending tho southern railway from Goulburn to Albury ; and now that tho lines are completed, why doc3 he insist on differential rates on truffle going to Sydney, and that going to Melbourne. Tho fact is that Sir Henry Purkes is determined per . fas ant per nefan, to force the inhabit ants of Kirerina' to transact their busi , ness with Sydney; and although profess* , ing to rely upon what, ho terms their loyalty, he takes remarkably good caro to r .bring their eolfish interests into play at the samo time. If there were no artificial boun dary, if tho Murray did not bristle with .cuBtom houses, tho trade of Deniliquin and : Albury would, belong as naturally to Mel bourne as docs that of Sandhurst and Benalla.' . .Tho'Murrumbidgco is tho natural frontier of tho two colonics, and it is not until Gundagai and Wagga Wagga arc reached that the mer chants of Melbourne and Sydney meet, so far as geography is concerned, upon equal terms. The commerce of the country botwecn the Murrumbidgco and tho Murray belongs as much to Melbourne as'does that of Bathurst or Goulburn to Sydney. But Sir Henry Parkes, by, tho adoption of two separate 'lines-of action, is careful to-prevent the natural development ,of commercial inter course between Rivcrina and Melbourne. In tho first place ho attracts trado to Sydney by exceptionally low rates of carriago upon tho . Government lines of railway. In tho second, : /he prevents trade from going to Molbourne by. instituting oil sorts of vexatious custom* ; houses on tho border. Wo have pointed out . over and over again that tho real obstacle to \- intercolonial frco trado is Sir Henry Parkes and not:Mr. Berry, and that any negotiations initiated by Victorian delegates will always provo "just as abortive as tho well-meant efforts of our representatives at the recent Intercolonial Conference at Sydney. ' Nothing can excuse f.ho bad form of which Sir Henry Parkes was guilty at Albury wlion ho leoturcd Mr. Berry and Mr. Patterson upon tho. fiscal policy of Victoria. They wero his guests, and ho was bound to treat . thom !with at least civility. Nothiug was said by either of tho Victoriau Ministers which could excuse tho very flagrant violation of good taste by tho New South Wales Premier, The duty of speakers upon festive occasions is very clear. Thoy must avoid all controversial topics, and if they cannot trust themselves to avoid giving offonco to their hearers they should say nothing. There was nothing in the remarks of Mr. Pattorson to provoke the statement about tho extent and importance of tho Sydney ' manufactories. We have heard of them in tho columns of the Conservativo press, but we have never been able to find any other independent proof of their ex ; istenoe. At the Melbourne Exhibition these outerprisiug manufacturers are conspicuous by their absence, and tho New South Wales court is principally remarkable for its very fine display of raw produce. And a banquet at Albury to celcbrato New South Wales Laving contrived to complete what Victoria finished many years ago, namely, its railway system as far as its boundaries, was Jnofc the occasion for Sir Henry Pnrkes to disregard Mr. Antony Trollopo's advice, and to blow about the extent of Manufactures in Sydnoy, or to crow over Victoria. rXho pooplo of this country aro very much obliged to Sir Henry Parkcs for his ox« prcssions of sympathy, and would fool even more grateful if it wero thought that it could by any possibility bo sincere, but they tire quilo content with their present position, and quite as sanguine about their futuro prospcets . as any New South Welshman can be. The : best answer to tlio jeremiads of the Con* eorvativo press J*3 tho fact that tlio balanco of tlio inscribed stock, which bears only 4 per cent, interest, bus been recently taken up at pap, although for years, under the rulo of Sir (Tames M'Culloeh and other Conservative . Premiers, it was not disposable oven at a largo discount. Nor did tho price which a Conser vative member of Parliament, Mr. G. D. Carter, on behalf of (he National Mutual Life 1 Association, paid for the allotment at the . cornor of Collins and Queen-streets, almost at tho very moment that Sir Henry Parkes was spoaking, bear out the crys of tho Conserva tive Cassandrus. It is a very grave question '' whether tho financial position of Victoria is not in reality far sounder thau that of New South Walcsj whpro tho Gororumout has learned to rely for ita revenue almost exclu sively upon the alienation of Crown lands, without any attempt at obtaining settlement, and whore the population i& so ignoruntly im patient of taxation that any attempt to impose rates for local improvements, or dircct taxes 1 upon land and properly, would be fatal to any Ministry that introduced them. New South Wales can boast of an extensive territory, fertile land, and unrivalled mineral wealth, but in matters of government and adminis-; tration Victoria is more than ablo to hold her j own with tho elder colony. I {Arfjus, Saturday, February 5.) YESTERDAY was a clay for the almauacs, for it witnessed practically tho completion of railway communication between tbe two capitals of 'Victoria and New South Wales. Fifty ycara ago, or within the lifetime of the Albury guests, Hovcll and Hume left the " settled districts " of Bathurst, discovered the Murray above Albury, and forced their way at great peril to tho unknown plains of the seaboard, returning to Syduey with glow - ing discriptions of the country they had seen from tho You Yang ranges. To-day town, ships stud the route of their march, and now a line of railway covers tho entire distance. The whole colony which sent Hume and his bullock team on their eventful mission, has built the one part of the line, and the new colony, which was tho result of the discovery, the other. It was fitting that there should be rejoicings at tho meeting point, and we can only regret that all did not go as " merry as a marriage bell," but that tho old fiscal jealousies wero allowed to interfere, and that something like an altercation occurred between Sir, Berry and 'Sir Henry Parkes. Mr, Berry spoke in his new strain about the poverty of unfortunato Victoria, how she had been driven to protection in order to provide em ployment for lier pcoplo, and how the other colonics ought to assist her by taking her manufactures. And Sir Henry Parkes con fessed in plain language that he was tired of listening to this nonsense. The compoctncss of'Vjcloria and her comparatively large popu lation are, he says, her great advantages. And as'to protection providing employment, Sir Hinry Parkes says that tho great manu factories of Australia nro to be found in frec-trado Sydnoy, and if &Iclbourno; is to kebp poce with the sister city, then ho sub mits that sho must abandon protection. Tho retort of Mr. Berry was that Sir Henry Parkes is seeking by cheap and differential railway freights to cut Victoria out of the Hivcrina trade. The assertion, if true, was utterly beside the mark, and was entirely uncalled foiV The question whether Victoria is poverty stricken, and is only supported by protection, and wheLhei' protection is a blessing or a eursc, is not to bo disposed of by a sneer at .thd Sydnoy railway rates.! . . However, the quarrel of the Premiers must jpot. bo allowed to divert attention altogether -from the, importance and the interest of the event which was celebrated yesterday. It is sas 'noteworthy in its political. as in its com* tncrciul relations. So long as a two days' dccp*sea passage stood between the two capitals they were practically isolated, and isolation means that ignorance and jealousy are possible, while now that a day suUices for (ho easy journey by land, an intimacy is forced apon . us, and prejudices and mis conceptions will lmro no opportunities for i growth. Social friendship will bo strengthened, i and with a thorough sympathy between the .populationsit is impossible that i political misunderstandings should long i prevail. Tbo declamation of Collmgwood i orators, and the success of protectionist jour* i nals, have had. their day. By pandering i hero, and by making false promises there that | good, would come out of ovil, tho radical i leagues and the radical papers havo induced i tho Victorian mojority to sanction imposts i inimical to Iscw South AVulcs ; but the offence i arises from want of thought, and not from i any lack of heallhy instincts. We venture to i Bay that oven to-day there is no more real hostility between the sister colonies than there is between England and Scotland j that there is no more of u grudgingand churlish disposi* tion bctwcon'Melbourno aud Sydney than there is between Glasgow and Southampton, or be* tween Edinburgh and York. Tho spiribof the ago is in favour of largo and noblo federations. Narrow provincialisms, tho disunion of races, the formation of petty states, are ropugnanbto tho ideas of/.lho day. The two remarkable ovents of tho generation are the preservation of tho American Union aud tho creation of tho: German Empire, and in Great Britain public opinion,, is firmly and even sternly fixed on the point that our British Empire must bo consolidated apd retained. There may be local eddies and whirls, but still most observers will agreo that tho stream in Aus tralia runs in the samo direction. In Vic* toria,.tho people have nob seen tho direction in which through their fiscal policy they are travelling, but wo aro sure that if they were asked whether they desire such a destiny as that of the separated Spanish slates of South America, who have gono from rivalry to intemccino war, or sucli a future of noble possibilities as that boforo the German and American Unions, there would boa unanimous response for the larger life. And, as Sir Henry Purkes indicates, we must now make our clioico between the grand and the ignoble career. The railway makes it a necessity that wo should strengthen the barriers now builfe between Die colonies or tlmb we should let them fall, and of courso our assumption is that the iron parallels will do their silent work for us. We look forward, for instanco, to tho enrly runniug of excursion trains, which will tuke hundreds of our work men and their wires to the sister stato, in tho conviction that when they personally realise how across tho Murray there is the same soil, (he eamo speech, and tho samo people, they will bo heartily ashamed of the border duties, and will demand their abolition as carnesly as over wo have done. In England it would be impossible to induce Middlesex to levy imposts upon the products of Lanca shire or York, aud there is solid ground for tlio belief that in a few yeara it will be regarded as equally barbarous to endeavour to keep apart the Australians living on cither side of the Murray. People must seo that if ifc is not good that there should be an easy interchange, if it is inexpedient that the two populations should dwell together as one, then tlio railway should not have boon built. There is 110 sense inencouragingscieuce and enterprise to link us together if state policy requires us to stand apart. But the glorious privilege of truth is that it asserts j itself. Popular instinct sweeps aside the mis taken aud shortsighted promptings of selfish ness, and loads the people as a whole to rejoice heartily that the railway between Melbourne and Sydney is completed, and intercourse and interchange thus mado simple, cheap, and convenient. And in the gladness of heart which is displayed because we have overcomo tlio obstacles of nature, we have a surety of the readiness with which in duo courso the ridiculous and mischievous obstructions created by man will bo demolished. If the mountains und tho Murray could not kcop tho two sister stutcs apart, neither will the protectionists and tho provinciulbts. The railway is one of n multitude of ageneies that join to "lUng out »v slowly dying cause, Anil undent forms of party fitrifo." Before tho bickering began afc Aibury Mr. Horry lmd to state that ho also is in favour of union. Thero could bo no stronger testimony of the strength of the movement than such an admission from tho leader who, by bis stock tax and by his charges on Australian produce imposed during the lost few years, has dono oo much to binder aud delay federation 