OUR MELBOURNE LETTEE. (FROM ODE ME1BOUENE CORRESPONDENT.) As; the 'rfetefuliT'Uesdi'y; approaches,"the interest"m; : tlie Ministerial elecikoiis;in-, creases, ,but;I;have seldom seen pohticians so uncertam about,.the . jesult,"^and so •"tossed about o ver Bonflietihg'reporfa. On such occasions I generally have: made up my mind .about this stage by some species^ of instinct,- but this time T seem to have lost that instinct, and I have no defined views about the result.The confident tone of boih sides, may perhaps account for tliis. Lord. Byron, said that, he was always of the opinion of the last- speaker, and that describes my state of inind just now. I meet Tom Bent at one comer, and lie" assiu-es ,nie his men are sure to'-' win,' aM>fc'tne" next I run against' Patterson or some Reform Leaguer who tells me they hav'nt the ghost :of a show, and proceeds to demonstrate to me the '' why and wherefore." Of course I am only- speak-'" mg of Ararat and West Bourke, because "eyeiryone is certain that Mr Graves will win hands down, and that Mr Bolton will beat Mr Shatp -by a large majority; The difficulty m dealing with' West -Bourke is the ascertaining rwhether,,the, Conserya- ^ tives will vote to a man for Sir Bryan O'Loglilen. and, although;-Mr Staughton says they will, this has not been made clear. If they vote for him as they did for Harper and Staughton he will be returned by agoodmajority. My own impression is" that Sir Bryan .is safe; though .1 write. this without any confidence whatever in 1 myself. The Blackwood solid :yote will give Sir Bryan.:plenty of.-work to do. As to Ararat, Tom B ent has taken a run up. there, and that looks as if things were The' ! uniye.rsal';ppmi6n;here is that Mr Gaunson must lose the seat, but for my part, I have no instmctiv.e idea of the result, and prefer to wait till I see the numbers - up., , Should Mr Gaunson, be. defeated for Ararat; he will- run for. ,Bolwarth.and South Grenville, andldo feel confident-when': I state that he will get - for" that the fuU: .Catholic"-"vote there, and it is very powerful. Since I wroteithe above .lines, mtelligence has reaclied from the seat of war in Ararat that leaves me no resource ex-. cept to predict that Mr Gaunson must be defeated.' I cannot see him in the running. • It would now appear, however, as 2 , Mr J ®obertson- *woi3d -give' way for "him m ColaCj-' though-the violent article m : Saturday's ^.rjusagainst Mr Gaunsonmay make him pause. Mi Robertson has,declared himself an out-and-out sux>portor of the Ministry-' r '••• Mr Deakm has returned:from Sydney, and looks as if his trip had rejuvenated him. He has not gathered any great admiration for the Queen City of the, South.; The'revolt in the Berry camp is more extensive than I supposed.; . The meeting at .the Temperance Hall vshow;ed that Mr Aiidrew has left the camp, and become an. embittered opponent of Mr- Beny: - One niore of the former faithful has joined issue withb^-latech^ from pillar to post a'traitor of the deepest • dye. This is Br Knaggs, who will be remembered in connection with the West Melbourne - elections. - I remember the doctor's exultation when Sir Bryan was returned, aud he .waved.his hat to the electors at the exciting moment when the p oll was declared*, and/shouted: ";We have beaten them." I: recollect also Ins grim debght on the evening when Mr Service, the man who had dismissedvhim, fell, massacred by .his; own soldiers.; But no.' one : was more glad than the-doctor at the. faU' of Mr ; Berry.-'"There is' no doubt whateyer,: for all'ihat,; that Mr Berry; still retains the confidence of the great masses, although he has lost'alarge number of the best fighting men of the Liberal party. A general hope is ;now expressed that .when •thelate Premier takes office again, which seems pretty certain, he will associate with •liiinself some practical man who will be able to. construct and -carry out..: A; leadr; ing Iiberal':said' to me to-day.: Bfcrry' m"akes';4H'g6od7;figurehe.a^ man to do "the -talking' and rousing for ar party, -but I10 wants someone with him vmo h^ th ^ ,:;-";.:.; • It appears to inethat Sir Bryan O Loghlen>has renteredinto a-compactwithMessrs Harper and Staughton, to this effect, that if tliey help hnn to be returned this time he •mil not again stand for the district, and will ensure them the Catholic vote m the future TQlhers and Heytesbury would, return O'Lqghlen any tune that the Mmistiy would as soon see Gaun^ soil out as inot, and that Mr Wilson.might 'lf r'eturned be asked-to take a seat in- the Cabinet, a telegram "was sent to Mel- :bourne askmg if- the rumour was other than a canard-., The Cabinet at<once met, member was as anxiotis for 3Ir Gaunson's -return 'as if 'he were contestmg-the; seat jhimself, : and - Mr : Grant..is understood to have added-a string postscript- expressing, liis earnest wish tliat Mr Gaunson should be returned ^ , Mr 'Bewhurst has made jio impression 011 our 1 tfcegtfc theatre. ,goers.. ^ Richelieu aid not display — - feeling combmed iwith craft we-associate with the chaiacter. JHe does not appear to me to be able to %et snside his character,' to use the phrase he cannot penetrate the surface ' But then you know we are 'v 1- exacting in M J b"urno jp dramatic. 