WESLEYAN GENERAL CON FERENCE. SEVENTH DAY: WEDNESDAY, MAY 18. After devotions the Rev. R.M. Hunter send the daily record for Tuesday, and the Rev. S. Williams read the minutes. In reference to the daily record the PRESIDENT explained that te had ruled that it was not withia tbe pnwer of the General Conference t? grant iaaopea deuce to Kew Zealand Conference without sub mitting the subject to the Bnti'h 0 inference, sad that he haa a'eoexpressed bU opiuiin «hit the name of tbe "General Conference o? ths Australasian fTesleyan Methoiiet OhurcV mrald have to be changed. TheEev. W. Moelhy sUtcd that ha onler f-tcod that the liev. G. Brown felt u^rieved by the action of tke Conference on tbe prerioas day.and be suggested that Mr. 3ro..nshould lie beard on theenbjeot. The Rev. W. H. FircdKTr, BA, moved the suspension of the staudiug otders, so that Mr. Brewn might be heerd oy the Cocferiijoe. This nag carried. The Sev. Geuege Bhown then sai<] he wag sorry to ot> trude the matter on the Conference again; b-it be felt that this was a crieia iv hu life He might possibly be reading the resolution wroDglj, but be wa« not usually undu'.y sensi tive, and with the construction that he pat upon the resolution hecou'.d not think himself jaiti fied in continuing in his position. He could not carry on Ilia work with that resolution unex plained. He wished to be distinctly understood that in the expedition organised for the pnn isbmtnt of tha murderers he had acted for the mission simply and only in self-dafenoe ; and had not resorted to the use of military measures in carryicg out the mission work. Yet it seemed to him that the resolution conveyed the impression that he had used military mea sures; and he knew that it was thus read by many besides himself. He did not wish to ctmmtnt on the act of the Ne ? South Wales Con ference in passmg the resolution. He believed •key were right; and at the.time, with the in formation in their possession, they could not have done otherwise than they did, and he had submitted without complaint. Bat for the General Conference to adopt and confirm tbe resolution was quite a different thing. He bad a. delicacy in suggesting anything, bat tbe case would be met by the insertion of an ad end am to the effect that in the opinion of this Oaa ference Mr. Brown did not resort to military measures. The Bey. W. H. FrrcHEi r, 8.A., was sure the; wen all anxious to spare Air. Brown's feelings. Ha f«r his part was. He flinwgtifr they could do that, and at the came time make no sacrifice of princi ple. Witk a view to this he would move "That this Conference has heard with deepest regret the missionary secretary's account of the Blanche Bay massacre and the expedition which followed it, and hereby expresses its tenderest sympathy with the Bey. G. Brown, in his great peril in that massacre, and his embarrassmont in having to provide so suddenly and unaided adequate means for the safety of tbe mission party. From the evidence now before us, and which we have carefully examined, it fully appears to us that in the judgment of the natives themselves, Mr. Brown acted justly; and whila reaffirming, in view of the wide discussion which has been carried on in reference to this case, the principle which underlies all our ne ceesary operations that military enterprise cannot be sanctioned hi their conduct, it records its judgment that in the present case Mr. Brown acted in defence of the mistion teachers and their familief, and has not violated the regulations which govern our missionary work, and retains the full confidence of this Conference." Mr. BaDDEirBCBY seconded the motion. He hoped this or an equivalent motion would be accepted by the Conference. In view of all the facts and of Mr. Brown's work, they were convinced of his integrity. She prin ciple bad been already affirmed by the New South Wales and Queensland Conference, and it was notneeessary to reaffirm it now. Mr. Brown's feelings and convictions ought to be regarded. Tbe Bey. G. Woolmough, MJL. explained that the resolution had been pawed two years ago, and that fresh information had been received. At that time there was greit excitement on the subject, and it was with difficulty that even such a temperate re solution had been secured. He did not object to the proposed modification. Mr. BniGGS moved as an amendment the following resolution of the previous day, withtheoaiission of the words " and whilst we still cherish/* and the words following them:—"That this Cjn fetence has heard with deepest regret the mis sionary secretary's account of the Blanche Biy maesacta and the expedition which followed it, sad hereby expresses its tenderest sympathy with tbe Key. G. Brown in his gnat peril ia that massacre, and hisembarrassment in having to provide so suddenly and unaided adequate means for the safaty of the mission party. From the evidence to * before us, and which we have carefully examined, it fully appears to as that in the judgment of the natives themselves Mr. Btonn has administered justice withont seeking revenge, and whilst we still cherish the utmost cir>Edence in Mr. Brown as our agent in New Britain, we at the same time now solemnly affirm that we can never sanction the nee of mili tary treasures in our missionary enterprises." The Bey. F. Tait seconded the amendment, and said be wes strongly in favor of action being taten which would makeno adverse reflection on Mr- Brown. As an old missionary he felt tore Mr. Brown was fully justified in the course he bad taken. The fiev. J. Oofb strongly sup ported the resolution, saying that were it his own care if he were not sustained by the Co. fettneebe should be compelled to retire. Tae Bey J.Watspobd was sorry the resolution had been introduced. The Bey. F. B. Stbfoe«s3K opposed the resolution for the same reasons as tfoEe be had adduced in the previous discossion cf the case. After Mr. Campbell and the Bey. G. Beotto bad added a few woids the amend ment was withdrawn, and the resolution of the Bey. W. H. Fitehett, 8.A., was carried. On the motion of the Secbctabt the resolution was substituted for that passed on tbe pievious day. The Bey. G. Dakikl, on behalf of the com mittee appointed by Conference, presented the letter prepared for presentation to King George of Tonga, which was as follows: —General Conference, Adelaide, South Australia, May, 1681\. To His Majesty King George Tuboti, loihatakalana, Frieidly Islands. May it please yonr Majesty — We, your Majesty's sinosre friends, awembled in our General Conference, desire to express our fervent love to your Majetty and our tamest desire for the welfare of yourself and people. We have long known and admired your Majesty's devoted attachment to the *" truth as it is .in Jesus" and to that eectioa of Obrisfs Church; over which the Holy Ghost hath made us overseen; and we have gloiified the grace of God in yon. We have also marked with admiration, through many years past, your Majesty's careful paternal concern for the best interests of your people; and yoir ardent desire and earnest endeavors that Tonga may grow a truly Christian and godly nation—a people whom tbe Lord would delight to bltss. we rejoice in the great and wondrous change which has been effected in your dominion, which by tbe proclamation of the Gospel hai betn brought out of darki>es? into God's marvel lous light, and we thankfully recognise the f teat influu.ee of jour Majesty's example and efforts therewith. We are pleased to inform your Majesty that this Gen6ra! Conference, after careful consideration and the strong recommen dation, of the Board of Missions aui of the FrKncly Islands District Meeting, hat been pleased to ascent to your Majesty's request that Torga should become an independent district in tiie Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church in connection with the New South Wales and Queensland Conference, and we trust for your Majesty's kind assistance that the affairs of tbe district may be sustained in peace and efficitney. We desire to assure you of our un changed love, and of our continued and earnest prayers that joar life may long be spired, and that you and jour people may be increasingly toriobed with all the bletsings which oar Htaven'y Father may see best to bestow.—We remain, &c;, J. S. Waugh, President; J. B. WACEBHOrsk, Secretary. Mr. T. J. Crouch gave notice of motion \a be taken into consideration with clause X ia the order of business:—"That me coaugao wthe trEce of circuit steward take place at June in stead of the December quarterly meetings." Tbe Bey. B. M. Hcmteb resumed the debate on the question of the separation of tbe New Zealana Conference, and its being coartitutcd an independent conference. His reason for mov iDgtbe adjournment on the previous eveniDg was that tne propotal to give independence to the New Zealand Conference teemed likely to be carried in what was at the time a very small Conference, and if this had been the cue whan tbe subject came before the British Conference it would be prejudiced. He referred to the complimentary remarks made by previous speakers on Mr. Motley's speech; hut he did not chink it a veiy clever speech. If it had been the speech of a cleverer msu it would not bare ha-? &o; much influpnee. By the absence of any thing like subtility it secured tbe readier astcnt But it had not converted him and he abould vote against the separation of the New Zealand Conference. At the same time he could sot agree with many of the remarks made in reprobation of change. The church that for a thousand years had known no change was a dis grace to it6fclf and a bane to the world. Ho •poke of American Methodism as a change from Ecglith Methodism, and said that Methodism itulf was a change. But what they all regarded more than Methodism was Christianity, and he thought that the inter ests of Methodism and Christianity would be best served by the contiDuanoe of the New Zea land Conference in connection with that General Conference. Tbe Bey. W. H. Fitchbtt regained the vote on this question as a very important one. Five arguments had been addressed by Mr. Morey in support of hu motion, vis, the cost of the present arrangement. (1). in labor; (8), In time; (3), in money; (4), in dignity ; and (5) in freedom. As to the first —tbe labor of attending the General Oonferenoe — te would only say that the.di«tance from Auck land to Dunedia, and from either to Melbourne would not le thortened whatever their vote might be. As to time, Mr. Morley had *p?kJ9 or the long time that some of them weceabsen? from tteir oircaite during the yew cm offioial business, bat that did not represent the cue of the ordinary minister among them, and ths granting independence to them would nat greatly s-ffect that matter anyhow. The cost in reocey be admitted, bat did cot think eueh a ccheidti&tioa; ought to weigh too much with ttem. Ec maintained that the connection of the New Zealand Conference with the church in Australia wa? to loss of dig nity to New Zealand The argument of ill. Ik! or ley would repreoot the con nect ion of cur former Australa«ian Conference v.itt tb&t; of JSogiaud as & iosa of dignity to as. Cat who ever dreamed of tbieking of our cje cection with the English Conference in sucti a v?ay. It was an addition to oar dignity, and with all tetiect fcr Ne* Z.-klknd he thought tbey gained in dignity by tli&ir; incorporation with tbe General Conference. Witu regard to tl?e fiiUi poini—that of freedom—cue argument web equally applicable to every other colony, and if acted upon would result in half a <3oz3u icdepea<3ent confeiecces. If .New Zealand had tLisJieedom. why not Victoria,aci Ife<r South Walej.atid South Aii.-tie.ha ? Hot there was scmethiDg to be ?aid per contra. Di-i Ne v Zea land Cciiferencegain nothing by tbeeoanectUHi? He contended that ituid. It gaiufel iv tbe oppor tunity afforded of iiiterctuib£e am dug toe ministry. This was one of the beet giits o£ Methodism, ax>d perhaps had not be^z rnilised enough. And a more frequent transfer of ministers fioro Sew Zealand to Australia and f icm Australia to New Zealand would be mutu ally advantageous. Again their connection with the Australian church was a steadying power in regard te doctrine. It was a great deal easier to capsise a cook-boat than a line of battle chip. And the innuenoe of a man who got aetray in some matters of doctrine would be a great deal larger in a small and independent conference than in one composed as that General Conference was, mud representing tbe choroh thrcugbont tiiese colenic*. Farther they in that General Conference held Methodism as a trust, and if they sent New Zealand adrift with a policy in its band represented by the recom serrations it had sent up to that very Con ference, how would tbev be faithful to that trust? The Hew Zealand policy was in the direction of doing away with the class meeting; and the itinerancy. There were those in New Zealand itself who objected to tbe proposal, and tfcey should not Mcrifice them. The tread of the r-resekt time was towards mjijn both in the church and in politics. He regarded this as tiie best hope for their polities, and they should not go for disintegration in the *hnreh. They were not prepared, be thought to break up their great Southern Methodism. He believed they needed the New Zealand men, and the Hew Ztalaud men wanted them to help to keep them straight The Bee. H. Bcu. (New Zealand) expressed Us gratitude for the tone of the debate, and for the many «■"« forcible arguments adduced by members of that Conference from other eoleaie* in faror of tb? New Zealand proposal for separation. Atone time it seemed as it all the New Zealand mm needed to do was to ait still while other men fought their battle. Bat to-day much bad been said on the other aide, and there were some things said to which he wished to reply. Bo sheuld not have referred to the melancholy Tararaa disaster, but that it had been already oted in this dsbate by at least two speakers. That disaster could not have taken place where it did in the voyage to any place in which the anLual New Zealand Conference could be held. In ne case would they hare to go to the Bluff to attend a New Zealand Conference. It had been said that some of their wnior ministers ia New Zealand were opposed to the independence, but that was scarcely true. The Beta. T, Buddie and A. Beid, in their annual Conference bad spoken against it being carried out at pre sent, but ffcey both agreed with the principle. It was impossible that New Zealand should have its fair representation as the General Con ference, because neither ministers nor laymen could be away so long as was necessary. At this Conference they were entitled to eighteen representatives, but tier* were only six present, and of those only one was a layman. The ex pense too was a very serious difficulty. Their radicalism in New Zealand had been referred to, but he could assure tbem there was a great deal of eonservatiem among them—even among tbtir youngest men—and they need have no fear about that. New Zealand was advancing in every respect with rapid strides, and if Methodism there was to make the progress it might and ought to "??W this inAtkptmAonr^ should be given. The Bey. E. Ems said that the propcssJ threatened the unity of Methodism. Some speakers seemed to attach little importance to that consideration. He however regarded it as a matter of great moment that Methodism in all these colonies abculd be the time, and that there should not be several different types. He thought the movement was inexpedient, especially at pre sent, and wished again to remind the Con ference that Bcme of the senior men in New Zealand were oppo&ed; to it. The B*v. F. S. Stefhensom said that he bad on the previoaa evening seconded the motion pro forma simply to facilitate basin* a, and not as an expression of his opinion on tbe question. He cao. fecEed that his sympathies had bee* awakexedferthe New Zealand church by tbe speeches ef the previous day. Bat they must Icok dispassionately and deal judicially with the subject. As they had had a night's sleep they had probably escaped the spell of the feelings awakened by the appeals made yester day. For huccelf, he was more and more con firmed in tbe opinion that it was undesiraole that any separation should take place at pre sent. If such separation were effected, and it proved to be a mistake, it would be impossible to retrace the false step taken. But if the matter were postponed at least to the next General Conference, no disastrous consequences would follow. Again, they could not separate this question of independence from the pro posals sent up by the New Zealand Conference in regatd to other matters. If they made the New Zealand church independent they would condone and virtually support the recommends tkts sent up. It had been argued that tbe present form cf Methodism could not be adapted to the peculiar wants and characteristics of Near Zealand. Bat he maintained it could ba ad&pted;, and that would be better than making another type of Methodism there. He did not think the expense—about £108 a year—was exorbitant; and it should not have been made to much of. He should vote against the pro posal. The Bey. J. A. Nouv should rote for Mr. Merley's amendment, although he felt it was taking a step in tbe dark. He could not fay that he had such confidence in tbe New Zealand brethren ss tome had expressed ; and he thought that the infltiesoe exercised all round by thtirgrand brotherhood of Conferences was very twnffiriai. On one ground alone shculd he vote for tbe proposal, and that was that he believed to refuse tbe request of New Zealand wtuld be merely to force an unwilling union with the rest ef the Conferences, and die mult would be irritation and agitation. The Bey. S. WiiiiAiis said if the separation were right they cnght to concede it, and if it were sot right they ought to be firm- Ths question before them was one of expediency, ssd be argued on four grounds that it was in expedient to separate the New Zealand Con ference:— 1. All arguments in favor of this separation were equally aprlicable for the separation of each of the other conferences. The expenditure of money was incurred in the other conferences by attendance at the General CoLference. So also was the expenditure of time. And as to Mlf- contrcU every other Con ferer.ee was as much entitled to that as the New Zealand Conference. 8. No special advan tages would accrue to tbe New Zealand Con ference which might not be enjoyed by tha other conferences. He would not say mote afccHt that. 3. Tbe effect of this movement would be dissatisfaction in the other conferences, because New Zealand would .have an annual Conference with legislative powers, and tbe others would only have a General Conference once in tbrte years. The other «fri«mi«i Conferences would certainly claim to be put on an equality with New Zealand. 4 It was inex pedient, bee&BEe; dose beside them they would have a different type of Methodism. Mr. S. O. Eikg would vote on the oonservativaside. They bad democracy enough elsewhere without having it in the church. He wanted to know where this new type of Methodism that was proposed came from. Did it come from above or from below? When he said "from below," he meant v.BS it to be found, on ibevoxjxmdtvoxdei principle? If so he did not believe in it. Mr. Vasbt supported the amendment. He tbcrght tbe proposal was one ot progress, n:t revolution. What would have been Bald to the prorof al for lay representation twelve years ago ? He should not have voted as he was about to vots but for tha president's ruling that the qnertton must be taken as one of expediency. Mr. Oamptoxii had not the slightest fear of tha hew Zealand men, bat had the utmost confi dence in them. Still be should vote agaiast the separation—firit, because the tendency of tbe time was in favor of federation and mvon raifcer *li?" separation and division; and. secondly, because he thought they hud better retain these gentlemen from New Zealand among them. They oouW not cot afford to lose them. A? for their reoom mendationp, he believed in many of them, and ttooeht they only indicated the direction in which they roust inevitably move. The Bey. G. BR<ywir, before speaking to the question, in famed tbe Conference that the Bey. B. Bavin was ill with gastric fever and unable to attend tbe Conference. He requested that his vote might be cast in favor of the independence of tbe New Zealand Conference. [Subsequently, when the vote was about to be taken, it was ruled by the President that a vote by proxy could not be given. The Bey. W. H. Fimufix said he would pair with Mr. Bavin, sod wfa?a the voting was going on be withdrew beyond tbe bar.] The Bey. W. P. Wsrxs said the president had ruled that this pro poMl if adopted must be sent am to the British Oonferenee. and asked how It would look in the eyes of that Conference wbso it knew' tbe reoommerjdatioas that tbe New ZeaJacd Confcrep^'^id sect up on other mat ters. The Bribed Conference would hesitate. Would that Qo?fercsoe ban given the Aus tralasian OjtNhi?depeKde?oe twenty «r thirty jears ago, if it bad been asked? If they reeom- Bwrdr j this separation, what would they (the Bt^uhGanleKnee) think of them? He did 'not agree with all that bai been aaid against tbe formation of any type of Methodism bnt our own. American Mtthoeism was of a different type from ours, but it wss strong aad «acce«ful at a whole. He (aye cctice cf amaa'i?ent to tbe effect tha? tbe j qccttkn be deferred till the meeting of the | wxt Ger eral Conference. Mr. Hitcboock sup ported Mr. Motley's amendment. The General OcEfertr.ee had certaicly broken dotrn so far as New Zealand was eoneerned, for neither at that ncr tbe last General Conference was that colony adeouatelr reptesented,and the difficulties in the way of securing a proper representation seemed Insuperable. Tbe arguments adduced arainst "New Zealand separation reminded biia very atreogly cf thoee used years ago agaiuet the eeparaticn of Fort Phillip from New Soath Wale*. It we* said then that Fort Phillip would lcae dignity and prestige if it were sepa rated. But the colony had made wonderful progress notwithstanding its independence of New South Wales. Tbe changes proposed in tbe New Zealand Conference recommendations were, in bis opinion, chiefly minor aad not radical changes. They were not novelties, and he did not think they were treading on su:h usafe f roand as tome speakers bad represented. Tbe Etv. K. I Watkct said he bad receive! a letter from tbe late Bey J. B. Kichard eco, written as he was on the point cf leavirg hew Zealand to attend that Conferrase. and in that letter be bad npretented that in Hew Zealand the eoonec tion with Australia was a harden intolerable to be tome, and that everywhere tbeir people were gmmbly at the abscnee of tbeir ministers. He did net altogether agree with the New Zealand brethren, bat be reminded the Con ference that, to far as they in Australia were concerned, tbe Hew ggahna brethren were tne wise men from the Bast, and they got the light earlier than they did in An*teau*. Bat lest their brethren should be exalted over much by ttat remark he weald add that they also lost tfce light sooner. The Bey. &. Lunt would vote fcr tbe amendment. Mr. Moxrau (New Zea land) tfconld not Tentnre to address the Conference on Una question, bat far the position be beld aa a new Zealand representa tive. He bad been eocneeted whh the Methodist Church fifty yeses aad with their church m New Zealand forty yean. Methodism was very dear.to bis, and be desirad to see it prosper. He did cot tklafc X would be possible to adapt tbe present amagesseata to New Zealand require ments. There wee aa intense feeling of dissatis faction among tbeir people there. Many of tbeir best people had hmcsoJ a hope that none of tiie representatives would fo to the General Conference and thus enter •heir uiutust against tbe connection wish Australia. Tbe absence of their ministers for so long a time was grievously felt. He did not think the British Conference would be lijtateaed by tbe proposal bat would icetive it, m they bad tbe proposal for the independence of the Australasian ehnrch. Many cf the troubles of the Methodat Onurch had arisen from the fact that important qscstiens had bo* been oovsidered early enough. Koch had been said about federation. To New Zealand there were icdioations of a desire far union ameeg tbe different sections of the Methcdist Church, bat that union would cer tainly mim take place wbfle tbe connection with Australia was continued. The Hon. J. Cash said that some great changes bad proved a becefit.bot those changes bad been the result of locs and mstore «BDnderation. It was not every cbaagethat would soeeeed, and be thought this innwaal was premature. After all tbe difficulty was not so Terr great. There wm much travelling hetmen New Zealand and tbe ether color/its, and the great etties of Uctboarne and Sidney were regarded as bead-qnarten in Kcw Zealand. On tbe motion of tbe Rev. Wm. I_xe tbe Oaaferesee adjourned at a quarter to 1 •'deck. Be Conference in simwiliTiirt at 9 o'clock. ' Tbe B*r.S. Khigbt presented an invitation from Mr HDI for tbe members of tbe Con ference and tbeir friends to spend Saturday af tercoon on bis estate. On tbe motion of Mr. Kasnsir?THT, the invitation was unanimously acxptad, it being arranged that the party sfaaald leave Pine-street si noon. Tbe debate on the motion lor an independent •tdr elf'governing conference lor New ''*>***■** was then resumed by the Bey. Wu. Leb, who ■aid that as tie debate had already oooapied a lO?itime.he would be brief in hssadorem. He bad waited for restoas againtt tbe arguments of Mr. Morlcy, bnt be bad waited in vain. Mr. Moiley tad presented figures in support of hsa argnmecta which remained Unanswered aad were£nr assailable. The expenses of the General Conference were great and bore heavily upon Vvm ZraTand. It was true that separation involved, heavier eonnexional charges on New Zealand, bat those charges would be cheerfully bane in view of the great advantages which independence conferred. Mr. Watsford had •sked what were time and money compared with tbe principles of Methodism ? Bet be (Mr. Lee) would say that the principles of Methodism wan not in danger. The Kethoduts of New Zealand were perfectly lojsJ. The dan meeting was deeply valued. "With regard to tbe senior ministers of New ZealaLd, Mr.Bull bad already pointed out they were cct eppased to separation. The difficulties relating to tbe omnexicnal funds were more ittagicsry than real. After meeting the argu ment ot the Bey. 8. Williams respecting the break up of tbe annual conferences to which the Sew Zealand xeqnest if granted might lead, Mr. Lee conclndea by affirming that more than SO per cent, of the New Zaaiand Methodists trtre earnest in their dt sire for tbe request to be granted. The Bey. J. Nicholson was nit quite convmeed br the arguments of thespeske-s m favor cf an independent conference far New Zetland. He thought the case might be met by special legislation that would not involve separation. The Genera] Conference might be held once every five, instead of every three feus, as at prevent. Then he woaid give proxy 'Vbtisg to New Zealand. Bat be held that tile direction of opinion throughout the world was in favor of federal onion. The Bey. T. Jjuyio •poke on the bearing of the question as it con cerned the eonnexional foods, and argued in favor of delay. The Bey. J. Bickfoed called attention to No. B of the fiew Zealand reoom nendatioes respecting the laymen having a seat in the statinning committee. This was a ■latter which belonged to ministers only, and formed one of the IS reserved ques tions. He read from the Metbodist Con ference Act and contended that tbeir legal catteetam with tile British Conference was at an exd. He affirmed that if New ZeaUnd -were made independent it would on account of its extreme radicalism be a standing danger to the Metnodinn of the neighboring colonies. The reccmmmrUtinns of New Zaaiand were marked by nndoe haste, and he could not support the proposition. She Bey. 3. B. Watebhoi/SB said he bad listened attentively to all the speeches that he might give a thoughtful vote. He tbcngbt there wss not an intolerable burden on llew Zsaland either as to expenses of the Oeneral Oonfcrcsce or tbe time taken up in attending it. Sbedifficultieswouldbslessened were the Oonfe reneesalwsysbeld either inSydney or Melbourne. There were also grave diflfcnlties respecting the arrangenMnts of the eonnexional funds. They were in the light bow, and be would not con sent to a leap in the dark. Mr. Jameesoit had ajmpatby with Hew Zealand, bnt they mnit re member that if this separation proved an error they would have no mmmnm at remedying it. He thought tbe movement was premature. Tbe Bey. Br. Kelyxack was against tbe proposal—first, became be thought it premature. They had but lately been to the British Oonferencs for their existing constitution, and they could not with any propriety go again so soon for a change. Secondly, be objected to it, because it would break fbeir organic connection. If separation were granted to Hew Zealand other Conferences would certainly follow suit. They •tonld pause. The tendencies in New Zealand required the influence of the other colonies as a break. He thoegbt they might secure the re quired relief by the adoption of quinquennial Oonfereneos. The Bey. S.Kmbht asked whether if there wen davffaetiao in Hew Zealand now on this sabjeet, and they refused tbe request, what point would that disaffection attain to in line yeanT tbne when tbe next General Con ference mat? He thought New Zealand would fee more useful to them as aa example than as an irgredienf. They would have to appeal to tbe British Oonf ereneesaadander theinfluenceof that Co?ferenee would not go far astray. Maty pen ons were of opinion Oat It would not after all be so bad c fame to have some change, and to move in AmerVwa lines rather than on Xnglisb in their ebnreh arrangements. He believed that Hie increased responsibility im posed on tbe New Zealand fi?t*"Mn WO uici make than awe conservative aad less hasty in adopting aew legislation; aid as for the funds, he thought that they would make them work better. Mr. Hamas said if the proposal were adopted the Hew Zealand Church would be in dependent of the British Conference, and he spoke against tbe separation. The Bev.W.O. B. Btxfhdico* asked what effect this wjuld have in tile other colonies. He believed it would result in the disintegration of Methodism. .Every colony w*uld claim its right to indefenAenee, and would have its own type of ntfduwqi The Bey. W. WuiiAMS said though he had the honor of being tbe youngest member of that Conference, be felt he eoght.as a Haw Z—land representative, to say sasMthwg on this question, Tbe great difficulty ttat seemed to influence the Ooofexenet was tbe v*^^' nature as was said of the reeanuneada tions sent sp from Hew Zealand. In tbeir views, however, they hi New Zealand did not stand alone. Xbe Booth Australian Conference bad sent a reoonunendation respecting tbe c'ass ■Meting test as least as radical as that of New Zealand. Other Conferences had alga discussed aesee of tbe other questions, aod though they wen sheliao1 far a time, yst the tendency in the direction «f the Hew Zealand proposals was distinctly indicated. Be esksd them to look at tte quettion ftom a New Kealaud standpoint. I It had been said by one speaker that the opinion 1 of aoa&e; of tbe inteUis,ent men of Hew farti Wales was against them. What was more to tbe point was that the deliberate opinion of the intelligent men of New Zsaland ?;as entirely with them. The Key. W. Lee an* he were tbe but to leave tbe New Zealand shores, aud, as the subject bad been spokeu of by others, he Blight ray that the Tantrua disaster bad only intensified the fetlii>g in favor of sepaxatioo. Tbeir people consented to their leaving in tie hope that they would secure this ohange, and iv tbeir last words begged them to try to accomplish it. He believed if the Conference gave tham independence there would be nothing to regret. The steadying influence ot their cocnection with Australia had been SDokea of by Mr. Fitchctt; but tad that General Confe rence itstU tenched fiaaltty ? He briefly te. plied to Eome remark* of Mr. Bickford, and closed by urgiDg that the request ba granted. Mr. FiEtiE thought it was indecent on the part of Hew Zealand to eend the request. The Hon. , J. Coltos bad litteued with care to the debate, ! which he taid did credit tj that Conference It ! was a very important question, acid he bad been ' trjicg to think of some means by which the ; views of the New Zealand Conference might be j met, bat he had come to the oonclusioD that it would be wise to delay the subject. He knew the difficulties under which their New Zealand friends labored, bat be thought that thete were very little in comparison wich the inconvenience that would result fiom cere ! raisce. The time spent by the repre i stntatives from New Zealand was something of moment; the money expense waa trifling He thought they enght not to send tile question en to England unless they believed in it. They | sLould show themselves men, and take the responsibility of dtcidicg one way or the other. II tbe proposed coone were unwise let them vote agaisat it. The Key. J. Coph gave the fallowing notice cf amendment:—"That, while sensible of the inconveniences and expense occasioned by the attendance at this Conference of representa tives from New Zealand,this Conference regards tbe proposal to form Hew Zealand into a separate and independent Conference as premature. Tna Conference is also of opinion that a carefully prepared plan or constitution should be submitted to rt before it ia asked to pronounce upon the expediency of the proposed change." Mr. Bobsok said bis sympathy waa with the New Zealand brethren, but bis judgment was against them. The Bey. W. Uocixr, in replying, said he was thankful for the spirit that had marked the debate. He was sorry they had lost Mr. Solan's confidence. He tever supposed that an j thing they could do in New Zealand could so perturb and convulse Australia as some of tbe speakers bad represented. He had not ap pealed to their sympathy, and had caret ally avoided reference to the Tararua disaster an 3 the perconal inconveniences to wbich they ' as Hew Zealand representatives were sabjecteJ. His appeal was to their sense of justice, and : to what, in their familiar language, they , caned the promotion of the work of God. j Jf that SJonference thought they should not have independence it should tell them so. He agreed with Mr. Oolton that that . Confert?ce ought to come to a definite deairimi. He replied to what had been said in answer to his remarks aboat the cast of time and money involved in tbe present plan. Tnere was not a voice in Hew Zealand against itinerancy, but they thought ft should not be hedged op with nnneeessary restrictions. They all desired that the practice of «"""?! invita tions and annual appointments should be oca tin ued. England had relaxed tbe rule ia regard to the itinerancy in Scotland. Too much had ■been made of political analogies. It had been said they were not to be governed by the voice of the people, bat he wanld ask if they ware prepared to say that they shoold not listen to the voice of tbe people? So f«r as be knew schemes for Australian federation did not inclcde Hew Zealand. They were not an upper chamber, and therefore it was cot curiect to say that tbe New Zealand { proposal was an attempt to abolish the upper chamber. Tbe great argument after all in their favor was that tbe present plan practically dis franchised New Zealand. They were not ; exasperated1 at having to come to Adelaide; they wei every glad to come. Sut it was a fact [ that not half their Haw Zealand representa ! tives were present. After referring to the ether principal points of objection as brought out in tbe debate, Mr. Morley closed by ex pressing the hope that Sew Zealand would re ceive due consideration. If the request ware refuted there would be disappointment, bat they held out no threat. He had pot the cue as fairly aa he could, and asked the Conference to say " jes"oT "no." The amendment was then pot and lost, the voting being 31 for, and 37 egaintt. The Rev. W. P. Wells withdraw his amendment in favor of the Bey. 3. Cope's, which on being pat was carried by 39 votes againtt 25, and was subsequently passed aa a | £üb?tantive motion. The following are the recommendations of the Hew Zealand Conference, which were ao fre- , quentiy mentioned in tbe debate:—Status of ' f^n«ll,lTWli<^lTlf« —TH,t mttlTTlTl¥l,^Hi^|iM fQ. I gtrded as church membet?,and placed under the diseipling of the leaders meeting. Society Bales. —That the society roles be revised by omitting j the particulars specified under each of tne throe classes of the evidence of the desire of salvation. Itinerant System.—l. That the period of a minister's stay in a circuit be extended from tfaree to fire years. 2. That the rule whiob limits a minister's residence in one city to six years be rescinded. I/ocating Ministers. —1. That when a travelling preacher is so anaoaept able, inefficient, or secular, as to be bo longer ufef ul in h's work, the Conference may rey^t, him to ask a "location," and if be shall refuse to comply with the request, the Con ference stall bear with him till its session next ensuing, at wbich time, if be per sist in his refusal, the Conference may, without formal trial, locate him without his consent by a vote of two-thirds ef the mescbers present and voting. 2. That it shall be the duty ef the stationing cemmittee to report on any cacee of ministers " who do not make their way in circuit*," and who ought to be "located." Constitution of Annual Con ferences.—That tbe constitution of the Annual Conferences be to amended that the lay repre sentatives shall take part in and vote on all questions, excepting those of ministerial cha racter and theological examinatiana, and be associated with ministers in the stationing committee. Constitution of Quarterly Meet ings.—That tbe constitution of the quarterly meeting be so amended as to admit of a fair proportion of its members being elected by the members of tbe church. Xbe President asked the secretary to read a | letter received from Dean Boiaell, which was as follows:— " Church Office, Adelaide, May 18, 1681\. Rev. and dear sir—l have tbe honor to forward to you the following resolution adopted by the uneninuKis vote of the Synod of tbe diocese of Adelaide; —'That this Synod seqaests the Vicar-General to convey to the President of the Wesleyan Conference an expression of ibs profouiid regret at the awful calamity in Hew Zealand, and its heartfelt sympathy with the fawiiHaa and friends of those who perished in tbe Tararoa.' lam persuaded that in this resolution, the Synod has but given expression to a sympathy very deep aoa per vading oar entire community. With you and your brethren who are cow mourning tbe sadden removal of honored ministers and laymen of your connexion, I am, with much respect, your faithful servant, A. BustEtx, Vicar-General. \ The Bey. tbe President of tbe Wesleyan General Conference." Xbe general treasurers of tbe children's fund, Bey. W. Quick and Mr. T. J. Crouch, were then , | called to tbe platform, and the review of the anaiia of tlat fond was commenced. The balacee sheets for tbe years 1878, 1879, aad 1660, were presented in a printed form and taken as read. Mr. Cioocb presented the report of a com mittee appointed on a previous day to csosider certain niatters affecting claims on the fond. Tbe report referred to personal m*tfr?nF almost exclusively. Two items of the report were dealt with. Xbe Conference adjourned at 5 o'clock. 