THE WHITE LADY OF HILLBURY. By Mbs. C. Desfabd. This was the letter, which may be said to have been the beginning of the whole matter, and, it muat be confessed, that to a young girl like Ellen Montague, brought np as quietly as a nun, the chief events in whose life had been the coming and going of an only brother, it would appear sufficiently extra ordinary :— " If on the night preceding the first day of the New Year, at 12 o'clock, Miss Ellen Mon tague should see on the terrace below her window the ghost who, on that particular night, is saia to haunt it, the writer of this letter begs her not to be alarmed. A moBt unhappy lady may, under the disguise of the ghoBt, claim her sympathy and help. Miss Montague is entreated in the firBt place to truBt no one with this communication ; in the second place, if she decide to give the §host a hearing, to act as her true heart will oubtless prompt. She is warned that on the decision and action she will take in this matter mnch of importance to her, and those nearest to her, depends." The letter came on Christmas Eve. It was thrown in Ellen's lap by a man in workman's clothes as she was returning from a solitary drive. She read it over twice. She was not so bewildered as a young lady who knew something of the world might have been ; for knowing social life chiefly through the medium of poetry and fiction, Ellen was of a most romantic turn of mind. Ever Bince she was 16 years of age—she was now 19—she had been expecting something to happen. This mysterious note seemed very like a fore warning of that barely-defined probability. She sat down in her quiet room to try to decide how she should act. " Of course, it's a trick," was her first mental comment—she. was looking at the incident with the eyes of her brother—"Somebody means to dress up and frighten me." But the little romantic self of her persisted in uBing its own senses. " That's a hasty decision," it said; " who out of the house, or, indeed, m it"—Ellen smiled as she thought of her mother and the old servants—" would take the trouble of frightening poor little me? But, if not a trick——" Here, however, her mind wandered forth upon flights so immense and bewildering that we dare not attempt to follow. The one result of that evening's meditations was that she resolved to keep her unknown friend's counsel. But, indeed, in whom could she confide ? Her brother Harry was away from home, vaguely supposed to be travelling on the Con tinent ; her mother, Lady Montague, was delicate and highly nervous ; she would sup pose the thing a device of burglars, and have the house surrounded day and night with armed defenders; the servants would cer tainly take very much the same view. On the whole, Ellen thought she could trust no one. " I will be brave," she said; her heart thrilled as she spoke with a sense of joyful fulfilment of a myriad dreams; " if there's a ghost I will face it." No doubt this was very fine; yet, on the Thirty-first December, when, at about half-past 10 o'clock at night, she bade her mother good night, she could not forbear a nervous tremonr. If she were wrong after all; if her concealment should bring trouble on the house! " But there is no necessity for me to let any one in," she said to herself, as she went slowly np the broad stone staircase. Fortunately her room was cheerfnL Old Anne, the maid, had piled up her fire with knots of pine-wood; wax candles stood lighted on mantelpiece and dressing-table; the blinds were down, and the crimson cur tains drawn. Ellen seated herself in an arm chair before the fire, and fell into a waking , dream. She did not undress, and her nerves I were in too excited a state to allow of her sleeping. At 11 o'clock she rose, drew up one of her blinds, and looked out. It was a moon light night, intensely cold, the atmosphere clear; the shadows of honse and trees dark and distinct in outline; not many stars visible on account of the brilliancy of the moon, bat those few flashing like fire points ; below, on the ancient Btone terrace, it was almost as light as day. The whiteness of everything made Ellen shiver, and she returned to her fire; bnt she left the blind np, and during the hoar that followed (ehe was trying to interest herself in a book) she went backwards and forwards many times. At last it was nearly 12 o'clock, and ber senses were on the alert—Bhe heard sounds of movement. There is something terrifying in the fulfil ment of an expectation which our own dread has prevented us from completely admitting. Ellen sat for a few moments spell-bound, j She might be the dupe of her fancy. She heard the sounds again—footsteps and the rustling of garments on the terrace below. And now, recovering the use of her limbs, she rushed to the window. What she had ex pected to eee, though she had lived many times in imagination through this moment, Bhe did not exactly know. Bnt certainly this that Bhe saw was'so marvellous as to take her breath away. It was a woman's form; tall, slender, and clad in a robe of dazzling whiteness. It leant against the parapet of the terraceit had ; streaming hair of ruddy gold, and a white up turned face, the eyes fixed wistfully on her j window, which was at that moment the only [pointof light in the whole frontage of the house. Ellen Montague was before all things a tender-hearted girl Acting on her pitying impulse, she threw up her window. . : > "Wait a moment, she whispered to the strange visitor, who gazed at her vrith a: changeless face. " I will oome to you." Then, with a beating heart, she rah along the passage, opened silently the door of the large old owing-hall, and flew across it , Oh, how bold it was t and the ray of pele moon light'Straying through the ehutter-phinks— bow ghastly! But for the inteneest pity< Ellen would have yon backshlvering to her Iroom. i Bat ahe wae a brave girl, and ahe never actually hesitated for a moment. With trem bling fingers she lifted the shutter-bar, and presently Bhe was standing outside upon the terrace, half- expecting, almost hoping to find the apparition gone. But no I There was the White Lady, leaning against the parapet; her eyes, which EUen eaw now were the most mournful eyes in the world, fixed still upon the lighted window. She waB so beautiful, strange, and un earthly, that the young girl shivered. Gould this really be a being of the upper air! It was necessary (to find out. Ellen felt she must fight down her timorous awe, so she went quite cloBe to her mysterious visitor, and touched her on the arm. Then the sorrowful eyes were turned from the window to her face, but they expressed neither surprise nor curiosity. "Why are you out here on such a night ? Can I do anything to help youl" said Ellen tremulously. " I am tired. I want to get away—to hide to rest," was the answer, given in a voice of the moBt thrilling pathos. "Have you come far?" asked Ellen. " Where do you live ?" "Live t I live nowhere. I am dead. Have they not told you? I died on that dreadful night. Oh, God !• The flames how they hiss! Hide me! hide me!" The voice had risen to a shriek: it dropped sud denly into a soft, pathetic monotone. "I am looking for a grave," she murmured. " I told him I hated the dark, and he said it should be light there. I want to have light in my grave." As if unconscious of Ellen's presence, she turned her eyes upwards again towards the lighted window. Ellen's teeth chattered with cold and ner vousness. What was she to do. Beyond a doubt this was a poor distraught creature who had escaped from her attendants. It might be dangerous to take her in. But to leave her out there would be death. It took Ellen a moment only to form her resolution. Laying her hand upon the stranger's arm, she drew her with gentle force towards the window of the dining-hall.' " Come to the light," she said Boothingly. "You can reBt there. I will hide you. Yes," as the lady shrank from her touch; "you need not be afraid of me. Come." " Will you take me there?" said the stran ger, pointing to the lights. " Yes ; that is my room. Good heavenB ! haw cold your bands are. You might be dead. Come in 5 come quickly." Then her guiding touch was followed, and presently they two were by the bright wood fire, and Ellen in her tender ministrations forgot her superstitious fears. Her Btrange guest was gentler than a child. It waB im possible to fear her. She accepted Ellen's attention in a touchingly passive way, and new and then she gave utterance to words such as those she had spoken on the terrace: with little apparent Bignifiance or sequence; but she was perfectly calm now. One might' have fancied she had found the refuge for. which ehe had long been seeking. ' And meanwhile the Old Year tolled itself] out, the New Year came into being. "A, Btrange beginning for my year, said EUen,1 as the first stroke of 12 tolled out from the • deep-voiced clock in the hall; she was busy at the moment, stirring some milk which she'] had fetched from the kitchen in a little tin' saucepan on the fire, for she was sure her, guest must be famished. " But perhaps it is ] not so bad a beginning," she added. Before the first hour of the year had run its course the White Lady was in Ellen's bed,]] sleeping as peacefully as if HiUbury Manor house had been her home for years. "Ah? yes; just so! found her outside, you say. Could give no account of herself, i Very strange!" So said Lady Montague's family physician, a person of some eminence, < in one pair of eyes'at least; who was called in! on the following day to Bee the stranger. " It was my daughter Ellen who took her in," said Lady Montague. " The dear child has nerves of iron. - Tender-hearted as lam,: I could no more have done it than flown. Her account made my' blood run cold— literally." "I have always taken Mfs8 EUen for a brave girl. Well, yodr ladyship, I am glad you look at it bo. A good thing for the poor, demented creature that she has fallen amongst amiable folks. Many a person would 1 ; have sent her to the infirmary straight." "Doctor, you make me shiver. The in firm aryfor a girl like that!" ; " A homeless, friendless, poor, and pos sibly mad woman, who has forced herself; -upon you." • Lady Montague turned and looked at her doctor. She was a lady who had once been 'exceedingly pretty; ehe had small aristocratic features, and the softest of brown eyes, : which,- however, at thiB moment were alight with indignation. " Say at once that we had better tarn this unfortunate young lady out of 'doom," she said, "and, in that case, I will consult another doctor about her." "-Oh, if you take It in that way " " I do take it in that way.' Possibly I am foolish. You, no doubt, will call me super stations; but it seems to me that Heaven has thrown this poor thing at our gates, and that if we refuse to accept the charge of her we incur a serious responsibility. I am surprised, besides, that a man of your experience Bhould put down a patient aa hopelessly insane after so cursory an examination. I believe—but perhaps it iB useless to say what I believe until I know how you intend to act" The doctor smiled and bowed. He was a tall, gaunt, grim-looking man. Lady Mon tague. to whom strong feeling had given un usually fluent speech, and who, now that ehe ' had spoken, felt a little alarmed at her own temerity, was relieved to find that her indig nant rebuke had not offended him—that, in fact, he wore an expression which the patients who loved him best (and this grim-looking pernon was not without adoring worshippers) liked to see on his face. " I spoke as a friend just now," he ob served. "I may count myself amongst the number pf your friends, Lady Montague?" . "How can yon ask the auestion, Dr. Griffith ? I have no truer friend in the world than you." She held out her hand; her brown eyes were soft again. She was Botry she had been so hasty. "And I hope I shall always merit that de scription." he said, bowing low, in a quaint old-world fashion, over her offered hand. "I wished you seriouBly to consider what you are doing," he proceiMed; "since you Lave considered, there is no more to be said on tbathead. I' speak to you now as a doctor, professionally." • j "stay, let me fetch paper and pencil. I bsvenot a good memory," said Lady Mon tagus. , " I think you will be able to remember my directions. The/ need not be elaborate, .At j this moment au I have to say is, let her she has slept so long. It frightens us. Wbenwill shebelikely tobeawaker " Don't be frightened iff I tell you atones that it is not an ordinary sleep ; it u atrsaos. It may last for some hoars longer, with' : your permission I will remain in the house tor those hours. In my opinion sbe •is frssb 1 from an attack of brain-fever, resulting pro will find betmemory gone T h ® oWaH T«nf "6 £ d° in BUCh , "Treat her as if she ^ere reall^hi *nte»«*. ?ou will mo"t prl find ber; strengthen her body in |ve»t ble way; try to direct her mind - keen! long as possible any reference to herL life. For present purposes it will be suffl to allow her to believe that, when she iP eyeB presently in Miss Ellen's room ahJ them in a new world. It was a by the bye, to have flowers about a/J of them as you like. You have eome, cal fnendSj have you not ? " . i '? «?uan, the Clintons' plays the violin, you know." W0K^\ ,^b! yes. Your little admirer could be got to play something Boft ante-room " 6 11 " Doctor," cried Lady Montague lauj never you profess to be a hard-heartedT again. It is not your rdle. I believj have been all this time hiding your You are a poet." ' "Oh! your ladyBhip; there's a force in associations, you know " - The door opened to admit Elien MonJ She was walking slowly, like onein a dl And how is our patient now ?" askel doctor briskly. t " She has not stirred. She is so whil placid, I am afraid. Dr. Griffith, you i clever; save ber if you can." " I tell you what I shall do, Miss El replied the autocrat. " I Bhall forbid yi go into her toom for the present. Yo becoming overwrought. Come, come it use protesting. I have not physicked from your babyhood without understai you a little. Lady Montague, with youi misBion, I will take MiBs Ellen's post up your Anne presently with a hand! biscuitB, and perhaps you could manai have my horse put up, and—yes, let my go to the Clintons, and bring Juan bd He went towards the door, Ellen folio] him. He turned. " If my orders ari strictly followed,' he protested. " I lea^ house at once. There is a bell in your il MiBs Ellen ? Yes ? When I want you til will ring that bell. Until I do, let tid come up but Anne." "And how about Juan?" aaked Montague. " He may scrape his fiddle in the dil hall, if he likes, leaving the door open.''] Two hours of intense anxiety passed i By that time the young Juan arrived, and, stationed in the room adjoi] Ellen Montague's, was playing some < sweet dream-music on the violin, doctor and old Anne were with the slee more flowers had been sent up—roses lilies from the winter garden, sprays of v lilac and fragrant Czar violets. Lady 1 tague and her daughter waited in the gai parlour below, while the light of the i winter afternoon waned slowly. Twicel had said to her mother, " I cannot bear suspense;" twice Lady Montague had minded her urgently that Dr. Griffith v man who would not allow bis wishes ' disobeyed. " He would be capable of let the house," she said. Then, at last, v their snspense was at its height, the littli tinkled, and Ellen, with a beating heart upBtairs to ber room. For a few moments she stood astern on the threshold. She scarcely knew place. Bright lights were burning e where, and flowers, exquisitely grouped, 1 every corner. BeBideB, she had been ex ing to see the doctor and old Anne. W were they? At first eight it appeared the room had but one occupant, and she fanciful might have imagined, was the e of the place—a bright emanation from flowers. Ellen went forward slowly, was possessed by a deep and overpow< awe, though she saw at once that she w the presence not of death but of life. Yet how strange a life ! There were stately form she had seen on New Yi morning, and the fine chiselled face, and stream of golden hair; but the horror ii face had gone: its lips were parted i smile: its eyes looked out with dre wonder: its fair, smooth brow was clouded by sorrow. As Ellen advanced, her pace keeping i with the music which came in melod n':s from the adjoining room, the W y lifted her head from the pillow gazed at her steadily, like a young chil view of something strange but not unpleai Ellen smiled ; ber Bmile was immediate! fleeted. " Ah !" said the young girl so " I Bee you are better." Her visitor continued to gaze and smut " What baa become of ' the doctor Anne?" she asked; but received no ana' She became perplexed, fearing the beaul creature might be dnmb, and then, rem bering to have heard her speak on the vious evening, the looked round for i doctor to solve her perplexities. He creased, them immensely. She had discovj him behind the window curtains; but mm of obeying her vigorous signs, he set him to creep out of the room, in such a way a be,neither seen nor heard by their visj But old Anne was at Ellen's elbow wil bowl of strong soup. . .. . , " The young lady is to take this at o( MiBB," she said, 