[?] The Beautiful Manning. By Henby Kendall. A bleak black capewhere, in the moaning cave, A blind cold water cries with all its storm Through all the night, stands stam against the South. And in the north gaunt jaws of bitter reef 'Wait, white with menace, for the wind-whipped ship. -Here, midway, where the great gold morning makes A path of majesty across the sea, There lies a space nigh stricken unto deatli By gusts of gale that scourge with 6alt and scurf And biting brine and shard of sterile wave. Here is the sick wan marsh where ever blows . A breeze whose breath is full of barrenness — A ghost of land chained back by crags where faints 'The pale salt blossom smitten with the harsh Wild-Hying spears of surf. Here ever sound Tbe great strange speeches of the strong sad sea — 'The words whose high dark majesty has awed All men through all the years of all the world ! But in the west, behind the hopeless sphere ?Of gray dumb Ewamp, there lies a shining tract Of hill* and plain and water. Everywhere 'The eye is soothed by gracious colours. Here Are fair green lawns that flash and fall away 'To banks of singing river. In this zone ?Giave August sets her first of flowers ; and through Deep woods of emerald sunshine, where the rain Is as a tender dew, October sings Her sweetest song, what time her yellow hau ls blown about bv fragrant western winds, -And blight light feet are tangled in the leaves. Here, where the myrtle hides the shv blue bird That loves the water, and the wailing oak — That wild strange cithern of Australian woods — .Is hardly heard, the mild mute morning comes 'With foft serene surprises of the sun And flying waves of shade. Yea, on these tracts 'The white noon of high heaven wears a robe ? Oi golden green ; and where by herby banks 'The hennit hornet hums in day's full life, ' The quiet evening hears the slow sad song ?Of far ofl ocean and the deepening tones ' Of torrent music in the nearest glens. Back in the west the blue magnificence ?Of marshalled mountains in a lordly land 'Completes the noble picture. Royal hills That bold a high companionship with clouds -And arc the towers of tempest— peaks that know ' Large lordship of the morning, and the light . And breadth and strength of blue mid-heaven, form A background of exalted grandeur ! Lo, ' These peers of flying planets tower above 1 Green gradual slopes of hill and singing dells And lawns of grace — those see the rose-red first Of radiant morning, and they wear the rich -Apparel of the sunset with the green Above the glowing gold and crimson. Here Tbe marvellous power and beauty of the world Exalt the soul like some majestic strain Of slow cathedral music ; and it bears In every voice of every wind and stream, In every song that lives within the hill, In every anthem from the far off sea An utterance like the very voice of God. /Manning Biver, February, 1881. 