lounger. Mr Borry declares that homcoapnthy not iroroty bus hU sympathy. but ahalt have bit iiraycra. Well, well, t#ln should not aglow Jtbo hearts ottbo.o who put their trust In niliilos and tlDOturoB.MrBerry'e nympathy la of tnnnoa moot valuable prlnoiple to Booure i; but when to It lo added blB proyerB, my faith, 11\. nnVv should go ahead. Liko outoa like, u. X bcllove, the fundamental spirit of thin " fargWd method of onrlug Ills that human ""lb. bolt to, and it may happen that our I'tcmlft'u prnyora may have tbo efioot of ifu:"BrrrBohtf7hoh>m Ui dor tho rffiowh' oh the baal. of Hah. " " However, It Ib bo far zntls- EJtorptolenmthnfc our Ohio! Swretwy hiw sepolvod not merely to oonioe nis ayrapnvmea i,rtnm»ir)ftthy, but h!a prayora aluo. AU Crtio I,llier»ia will now rest oBaurrod that tho ..Unroof Hahnemann's theory Ib seaurad. lor rliv own part, fortified by thoro additional J!iro»o I» eupport of pllulro and tluoturoa, I shall" go in for Dr Hmldook and the multum In iparvo principle in uiedloino. Tho Bruoa Auction bualnOBB took my fanay llmraenaoly. Albolt btld o' tho head and got- ttlng Badly grey, I ooafesa that my boart — i no at Ion to feminine attractions— Ib sb greo sort ar Impublvo sr it war twenty years ago Ami so, when I behold tho moat charming wom'n utlng tbolr dainty acta and attraotlona fin tuppnrt of this legitimate awlndle, I am moved to limitation aud sympathy, Ii'ko Mr Berry, I glvo the oau«o my "prayorB" and SiEBt wla'hM— bocanso, you boo,- when angola aro eonaorned It Ib but proper and natural that one's InBtinct to devotion Bbould fee nronned. I profess but little know- Sedge or physio, whothor allopathic, cr bom'iopathlo, or herbal, or mag netic. I only know that the Iattor wae the lofluouoa folt by me at the Bruoo Auction, 'Sloan my soul, I believe that If I wore in nrtloulo mnttia thla hour, a tender glaooo from a pair of bright oyce would baoMi Aztnol. the Angel of death, and give mo a.frosh loaao of tsr.ortallty, Aod uncly there ore bright oyca 'in nlcntv at the Brnaa Auction : oo that I do no wonder tho rotnrna have proved an eatisfaotory. Ah! beliovo rne thero was aomi- ihlng moro ottrootlvo than Mr Barry's sympathy aod prayorB which led to tho anaoaaa of this movement. Ballon, you were tho mov ing spirit i aud to you Bnroly shall bo due tho Intnra doling of bnmnnity with the pretty littlo medicinal toye that Mr Sulmoyor stile ua. And, eo far, you aro to be congratulated ; for, as In all other matters, laith In mcdloino la liko faith in everything oise— infallible ; and I am sure that I have .known net a few who have been savod from .'Jilnoas by bread pills ndmlniatorcd with a: jibyllre cf strong belief in a dog latin appella tion, Seme friends of mine residing at Emerald Mill have a veritable ghost in tbelr houao, He Ctho ghost) has takan up his rasidenoo between She roof and the eellicg. He Is a vary talkative and commnnioative spirlt,aonstantly informing (everybody in general that he knows what he Us about, anil iBn't to he humbugged anyhow, XUe first made himself known to ono of tho charming dnnghtore of the family, who fi id Incontinently, and ran gasping Into hot mother's arms with the nows. And ehe couldn't tbo persuaded to return to her room or go up. stairs while his ghostship remained unoxor- oised. Yon may laugh, but jmt aa there aro more things in Henvoa nnd earth than aro diosmt of in our philosophy, so this ghost is not to bo accounted for, . Thero ho is, fresh and Impudont— a jovial, obatty sort of epirit, that only wants an invfthtioD, I dare Bwnar, to tako bis p.hnre of n bowl of toddy. When I beard him I was tor tho moment porsuaded Shut Mr Nlmmo bad got among tbo rafters, so tumbling nnd stomnohio was his ghost- ship's voice ; but a cloeo examination of Abo roof satisfied mo tbnt the bulky form of the emmlDGDt legislator could never Bqusezs be tween the eaves. Besides, there is too much IP ilpahillty about Mr Nimmo for a ghost— a C.jIor of air and gammon. And vet there is n good deal of gammon obont the Voioo after all. "But be is no ghost— that is a fact; although, eo far as his organ is concerned, hu might play t' e shade of Hamlet's father with considerable (itict, It was good to see tho crowds of people who left for up- country on Easter Monday, F,om five o'olook tho ezonralonlsts poured Into the etation at Spsnoer itieot — pretty girls nnd tholr baanx, atont dames and thslr good men, amateur sportsmen bent upon dire destruction among tbo hares and rabbit- — an assomblagn. In short, of good peopio rosclv-d upon high jinks and holiday, all well dressed, and nil evidently with comfortahlo parses in their pookets. There was not a ' seedy" looking person In the crowd, and I conld not bat rclljot 'that there was little evidonco given here of that retrogression whieh noma people are eo fend of proaohing, Too fact ie the country gets on in- epltc of those whose etapidity or selfishness tends to stay her pro gress ; aud I often think that if we looked the natter straight in the faoo the myth or pnyatery, or hullo w sham wo aall legislation :lb»e little or nothing to do for or against our alvanoement. And, so far as I o.n see, the -outside publio aro tolerably Indifferent to politics of any kind, Bave, perhaps, as they immediately affsot tbolr looal in dustries or looal Interest, Tne broad aoope of polltios la a (lead letter to oar average oitlzsn, who Is too eleek and prosperous to bother bis bead about matters whioh he oan- isot but perceive nave their sole origin in the selfishness and Impudence of oar /'Patriots'' Mr Berry, upon spsakingjat the opening of the Xrnoe Auotlon and Easter Monday fair, Bald that he hoped that homoeopathy would, in the future, become a formidable rival to the older .system of medlolne, Well, now, he might bave gone farther end urged the valne of Hahnemann's system, beoanse of its oompara- jtlve hnrmlessness, and as promising by the reduction of boluses and powders to a mini mum of danger a prospect of nn ultimata realisation of that wlso advloe, "throw physio fo the doge," For my part, I am assured that it Is ouly In the foot of onr irrational -system of living that tho need for medlolne of any kind arises, .Fresh air, pare water, oxocolse, and the praotloe of a due oootrol over the appetitee — these given, there should bo email work for tho aanbonos, . and \- still less for the compounders of pills and pilules. Bat, then, I suppose that there Ib mnoh wisdom In the statement that oat of evil oometh good : and just aa MrTany Waller remarked, when dlsonsslngtbe anbjoot of death with his son, " What wonld beeome of the . undertaker," hot for the Inevitable, fate of us nil ?" so we may equitably ooaaladq, that It le -only right that people ehonld grow sloknad- swallow medlolne In the Interests of the dootors nnd-apothecarUs, 