OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] London, January 21. Last week I ventured with an apology to open my letter with a reference to the weather —the advent of a severe frost. This week I may allude to the same subject without such intro- allude to tne same Bubject without such intro duction.. We Lave had the greatest snowstorm witbin living memory—co great as for atime to paralyse industry, dislocate, if one may ao say, the framework of society, and banish for the time being the paramount interest in the Irish question. It began on Tuesday morning when tbe wind veered coand to the south-east, and about 9 o'clock a fine snow began to descend, or wae rather drifted by the hurricane, which in creased in violence as the time wore on. It lasted for more than twelve hours, and pre vailed in every part of tbe kingdom. JSvery thicg yielded to this enow tornado, even in the heart of London. Omnibuses and tramcars were soon obliged to disappear, the cabs left the Btrette,arjd Fleet- street, but for belated fort-pas setters became a solitude, and ehepa wereelosed tarly in the <la>. For ?nj self, I may cay, though it ie bat * mile to the railway station, it was a difficult feat to get there in the evening co blind'cg was the diiving enow, so treacherous the great drifts where least expected. The iron-hone, though buflettd, was only partially *übuued ( tor although trains, even in the out skirts of London, were detained and sometimes wholly blocke i, the railways at night carried to their suburban homes tensof thousands of wearied city people. One of the peculiarities of Tues day ?s storm was that it coated with snow the icbiue of the great railway stations, blocked up doorwaje, and penetrated closely-shut houses. The hospitals had to deal with as many as Bitty cases of injury arising from falls or missiles LurJtrd by the wind from the house tops. Though it is the pantomime period die theatres at night were well nigh deserted, for there was the journey home to be thought of. Some of them were closed because tbt actors could not reach them. Meet ing* and parties—co frequent at this time—hao to t c abandoned, and those whom the railways could cot litiu were obliged to struggle home ward as best they could through tne pitiless etenn or put up for the night at tbe hotels. On Wednesday alter a brief pause tne wind began to rice again and the snow to descend. Public touveyacces 01 ail kinds deserted the street*, tzcc-|>t here and there a private carriage or acib with two borees, driven tandem. Pedestrians weie few, acd in the afturuoo^ the leaatug iLojoughiarcs had become a Si-wrum solitude. lelitved here and iheze by a fe<e ditcaasoUse vacs with four horses ploughing tLcir w?> hrough the brawn composite tiiic corered tue loaunay, or by the few coutraetDrs' carts whiuij weie trying to diminish tbe great mounds u f tiow piled up on either bide. Yesterday wai a deer aay, jet the streets were aim jsc itapaasao.e lor vetuiici, and no buses or cabs to be eee<. To-dsy the frost continues, and something is beii'g eione to remove the huge piles of now by catting tbcm otf to tbe river. The Thames proved treacherous on that memor able Tuesday, and helped tne enow storm to complete the work of devastation. The river rcee to an unprecedented height, inundated with water and ice the purlieus of Wapping. and the low-Iy ing districts on the south side, from Wool wich to Waodewdrth, causing much damage and unspeakable misery, and wind and water oom biiied injured the sbipping aiidsunk more than a hundred barges. Hundreds of poor people on the river banks have suffered by tne terrible visitation—some have been rendered houseless, and * public subscription has been got up for their rtlitf. To look at the Thames to-day, as I have been doing, you might imagine yourself in tl* Arctic regions. Navigation above the bridge has long been stopped. Great floes of ice almost coveting the broad expanse come down, with the tide, and nothing is heard bat the grinding of these masses as they are wedged together by the force of the descending river. J&portt; from all parts of the country, south as well as ELcrtb, indicate the universality of this wintry gale, which has been as severe in Oev*n ebiie as in Scotland, and has had. tbe effect of blocking railway*, interrupting the telegraph, retarding mails, creating impassable drifts, and caasipg terrible havoc on the coasts. In most of our large towns business was ail but bub pex.ded, shops to a great extent closed, and vehicular traffic at an end. In Leicester die drifts were in some places six feet thick; Nor wich was inaccessible; at Cheltenham the trains cttted to run; at Shoreham—a distance of 22 miles, which tiiey reached ftom London in 7 hours —two judges weie snored up on theic way to open the A wizen at M&idstone;, and had to return late to town and go supperleas to bed. At Dover Tuesday's gale prevented the channel mail boats from crossing, and did serious damage to the solid masonry of tbe Admiralty Pit*; at Gravesend the Kail way Pier was des troyed ; and so far as accounts have been received the disasters to shipping atong the coast have betn very numerous, for nothing is more dreaded by stamen on our coasts than an eas terly gale with driving enow. At Yarmouth seven vessels were driven ashure, and titty lives lost, including light gallant men whoso lifebo > wag opset. At Cardiff eignc vessels were itrabded, and many more such maritime di t eters are recorded. In some places people hi i to wait thirty-six hours rar their letters, the Great Western being blocked for thai space o time, and it will take a week to restore it to it normal condition; In the deep railway cutting the enow was more than a dozen feet deep, and armies of men had to be employed at Tring and other places to dig out the lihe. Sv&i; now the railway traffic is not wholly restored. It is rarely the papers have iiaa to seeord—and. they ttem with ample details—each a combination ot wind,anow, rroet, and flood as that which has this week given Rngiwhnwn uuwelooma ex perience of a Siberian winter. The frost con tinues, skating bas beta resumed, and this afternoon the frinceof Wales baa been sleigh ing on the Thames embankment, and. several sledges appeared in Fleet-street. THE PAfiKXUXreS AND PARLIAMENT. I now turn to the storm in the Bouse of Commons, the intensity of which may be gatbertdfrom the fact that only last night, alttr a toiimgtn's delay, the debate on the addicts came to an end. The discussion on Mr. Part-ell's amenduient was brought to a close at an early hour on Saturday morning. It was wound up, in the absence of Mr. Gladstone, with a brief and telling speech from Mr. Citiicieis, after which the amendment w&s; re jic.cd by 435 to 57 votes. The minority in ciuiitd eight English members; in the majority wtiealitrge proportion ot the Conservatives; nhiieacoDfciderable number of Laterals were absent from tbe division. After a number of dilatory questions lrom Home Rule members on Monday, Mr. McCarthy produced the seoond obstructive amendment—that tbe naval, mili tary, and coi«tabu!ary forces of the Grown should tiot ice tmploj ed in carrying out evic tions. Tbe challenge was at once taken up by Mr. Gladstone, who, in one of his most weighty, stein, and bighly-applauded speeches described the amendment as an insult to tbe Crown, &nd; as meaiiiug that the Executive were to abdicate the powers they possessed for patting in force the law tor the preservation of which they existed. The impression created by tbe Prime Minister was heightened by Lord John Manners, who, rising iron the front Opposition bench, expressed his hearty sympathy with Mr. Gladstone'^ sentiments, and by way of practical proof, he eat down, having spoken for duly two minutes. After many hours of dreary Irish talk inflicted upon an inattentive House, Lord Hart ujgtcii, aniid cheers from tbe Conservative aud liberal benches, declined to enter into any dis cutgion, aud merely called for the sense of the Bouse by division. By 214 to 40 votes an adjoumtceiit of the debate was voted down, but was eventually a-qaieeced in by Lord Hanirgton, who, however, wanted the Parnrllites that the present state of thiugs would not lor-g be allowed to ooatinue. Tuesday's debate was eveu more monotonous, though somewhat relieved by an earnest and emphatic protest fro?i Mr. Blennerhaesett, him telf a Home Huler, against the suicidal tactics of the Patneilites. Tbe division was taken after midnight, and Mr. McCarthy's amendment waa rejected by 201 to 37—the smallness of the majority being ao doubt due to the extreme Inclemency of the weather. On this occasion not a single English member supported the Parnel iites; three who had previously voted with Mr. Parnell now taking the opposite course. At Wednesday's day sitting Mr. Dswson moved the third amendment to the address in favor of an assimilation of the Irish borough franchise with that of England, which the Speaker decided was not actually out of order, though he de clared that if such amendments were to be freely moved a whole session would not suffice to ditpoee of the Address to the Grown. Mr. jforeter, with admirable temper, and almost sublime patience, replied to the speech of the Irish obstructionist, and his fellow Home Rulers were allowed to consume the rest of the time with their monotonous speeches till 6 o'clock arrived. Towards the close of the sitting Mr. Gladstone made his appearance, and there was a welcoming note from bis followers. The Premier found bis opponent of the other night on hislegs; and Mr. Justin McCarthy proceeded tranquilly on his academic way as if nothing had occurred. The cup of the Prime Minister's humiliation was not, however, filled to overflow ing till Mr. Biggar rose, and proceeded with his usual discursiveness to get rid of time. The brow of Mr. Gladstone, which had been danger ously lowering, grew blacker at sight of the member for Oavan; bnt Mr. Biggar cannot be taken sericusly ia his worst moments; and when he ingeniously declared that he bad had some experience of "wasting time" for some years past the Premier had to unbend in smiles. So the game went on, and at a quarter to 6 Mr. T. D. Sullivan was still speaking, and the debate bad again to be adjourned. Yesterday evening before it could be rammed there seemed a probability that the ground would be cut from under the whole Irish posi tion. Professor Thorold Rogers, who is sup posed to have been studying the question of obstruction for some days, objected to the form of the amendment. There was a bit of a storm for a few moments on this point, and loud exultation at the prospect of the astute followers of Mr. Parnell being overreached. Ultimately the Speaker ruled that the amendment eoold be amended, and the debate was resumed with the usual prospect of interminable talk. Bat Mr. Parneil came in at the right moment with the conciliatory expression of his desire to yield; and on tbedivision being taken 36 werefor.and 174 agaibfit the amendment. The Irish ghost was not jet laid, for Mr. O'Kelly immediately started up with a brand new amendment to the effect that the Queen thould guarantee to the people of Ireland the constitutional right of public meeting. He based his motion on the meetings which bad been put down in Ireland by procla mation, and declared that the magistrates had not oily the power of thus stifling public dis cussion but of spilling the blood of the people, if they only went through the performance of what they called reading the Riot Act. The debate did not last very long. Mr. Gladstone, speaking with great calmness, declined tadibcuss the question on the ground of the state of public business. Mr. Thompson, speaking from below the gangway, was rather dissatisfied; Mr. X. P. O'Connor made a bitter attack on Mr. Forster; and the hapless Chief Secretary replied that he had only put down meetings when they threatened the public peace. A division was taken, with the result that 34 voted for and 173 against Mr. O'Kelly. The lowered state of feeling in the House was made evident by the fact that these numbers were heard without the slightest demonstration on either side; bat tberewasa moment of quiet exaltation when, at a quarter past 8, the address was declared carried. Then a few formal Bills were got rapidly through, and the way on report was made clear for Sir Wilfred iAwson'eamendment in regard to Basutolasd. The member for Carlisle epoke to a very thin and a very listless audience.' The debate was under such circum stacces,of course, not particularly lively; and even the email audience which did remain was not particularly patient of speech; poor Sir George Balfour, for instance, being almost howled down. Mr. Grant Duff was ia the gravest Ministerial etyle in reply, and rebuked Sir Wilfred in the austere manner in which Badical irresponsibility is usually lashed by the fortunate children of power. Nobody denied that the disarmament of the Basutos wa« un wise; bet what was the use of repeating this? The Cape Government had acted imprudently; bat were they not accepting their respoasibilitv by paying for the war? And, after all, what did Sir Wilfrid Lawson cay that the Queen's speech did not admit? Sir Wilfrid Lawson,meekly bowing his head, accepted the Ministerial re proof, but with characteristic incorrigibuity «ent on immediately to interpret Mr. Grant Duff as saying that the Queen's speech and she member for Carlisle meant the same thing. Of course there was no necessity for a. division under such circumstances. The report of the address was then agreed to amid cheers; and the House seemed for a while unable to realise that the toagh fight was at last over, there being a horrid suspicion thateven?asutoland.wasnota ttrra ixcognita to Mr. Parnell, and would not rcmais free from the verbose invasion of Mr. O'DoaaelTs exasperating rhetoric. Gradually the truth broke, and with brisk and brightened epirite the members proceeded to get through more work. 