hSMALL DEBTS COURT. Tns court was held yesterday before oMessrs. Voss and Horabnrgh. Eleven cases were disposed of. Tho following were defended:- n. FENWIC5 V. JOlN J5ENNIN(5. This was an action for trespas in an enclosed paddoclk. Damages wore laid at £10. Mr. OGanunon for plaintiff; Mr. Botts for defend ant. It transpired that defendant had boon a tonant of a house of plaintiff's up to September 1880, with the right of running one horse in a paddock, but that Ie put in a larger number constantly. Defendant on his aido stated that he had the rigiht of running two hIorses and a cow, and Lhat duning the fifteen months for which plaintiff claimed, do. feudant was away on thel Wheeo and Crookwcll roads with his hores for about three months. Verdict for plaintiff for £5, with 5/-costs of court jiscgza v. varrs. P intiff caist the sm of £3 10;. for wa.: sod habr done withbores ado cab. Mfr. Betta for defendant. TYhintif swore that defendant agrel with him to work with his cab snd two horaes on theday of Mr. Mc Connells etection, for wbhch he claimed £3; sIs '~l- for. a.hfram ghost ·A:nfee~tnit·phtil c preiixs g twie to t',Mrhe~il Ptownsh Hcatdzntrtelthestth ast etection hie chare3 t2 for his cab and two horses for the elortios dsy. election, and istaed that be only wort once in the cab fo itoeifbGoelbnm, for whirh he had fdsd 2[ 6 intf court.0 Vcrdact forytaintiff for 3, witkis5-costs,incinding smeant paid nsfo cow.rt irntofa hoaoe.': I~.tP 3fr.eiefrpsnil Defendant was a weekl tenant ard left withomt :psyingoe wrk'srent and witbot tiring a prJ~ee waceeks notiCe,' In reply to defendant, plaintf nrad that defendant's wife er gsve bin the keyof th house or offred him the wek's mrost. Plaintiffs wife stated that rhe told Mr. Siltra that else world lease on sdsy week or weekay lutzshein was not sr isch, ard that osh gae Verdirci for piainhff in the sum of £1 2f- arid onto of coast, Plaintiff cimet the sum t £9 J. fora ori ard labo dOnr e, Mr. Gannon for plaintiff; Mr.Betistordefendsnt. Defendant eingagest a man enanest Rigty to tid ceriain wotk, hat Binfo ran soar withont comptet ing it, oad phintif docinrid that defeudent had tolithem to do th work sitd they roculdhe paid. Defendant on. his per denied the promise . to pay and sho differe as to the poe. and he foda i 1Rigb7 as the cssoitetor, hom behe had oierisid. The beash diredtes nonsunt to he entered.' 