TO THE GOLBFIELDS AND BACK., (BfoarSpsaalBepteaaikiatave.] .? Ho. lU.— OH SXUfiT'S XBa.CS. ?N«xt meming having- enjoyed the supreme luxoJ} ol a bath in deal fresh water, I started on my weary way. A. large number «f men bound for Mount Browne were -camped on Fowler's Creei, including a party which started from TJnlej on the 10th March. They teemed practical men, and -were nmtiing good.progrees. It being Sunday morning: they were camped And engaged in the usual bush services for the day of rest — *.c, scrubbing- down their moleskins and -washing their shirts ; most of them were thus devoutly occupied ?when I passed. A few miles farther the country opened into wide rolling plains which,' O joyful sight! were 'actually clothed -with green grass, a thing I had not seen for six months or more, and which seemed strange coming thus upon it in the desert, so to epeak. You should have seen Moses' face^— it smiled all over — and be fcegan to make preparation for s. pass over feast — pafeover feasts, it will be remembered, were eaten standing. Moses took his walking, but that was the only difference. Even easy-going Benediction suddenly -woke to the fact that there was com in Egypt again, or rather grass, in the Grey Range country. The reason of the verdant phenomenon was that two weeks previously a slight fall of rain had passed over tins part of the country, and the stronger grasses which, if I am not much TTiTflfok***! are TC&lly; perennial, or something like it, at once began to send up fresh and succulent shoots. The grass does not grow in 'tills cotmtry as with us, that is like Email corn evenly distributed over Oie land on separate stalks, but in tussocks, generally in patches on low-lying ground between the blue, cotton, and saitbush plants, -which tone dowm the fresh greenery of the plains ?witn tneir monotonous oiive green tints. This is a fine country for Sowers. Though late in the season I saw numbers of pretty plants and blossoms that -would grace a town garden ; many I did not know even by name, and nearly all -were new to me. In season the gor geous Clianthus (Start's, pea) blossoms in great luxuriance in favored spots. Talk ing about Sturt's pea reminds me that 1 was now close to the track of that brave but most despondent explorer who pene trated this region in 1845 ; in fact it was at *? Depot Glen,' dose to where gold' was £ist found in the'_Grrey Ranges, distant from here about .90 miles or so as the ' Adelaide pheasant' flies, that Sturt and his party -were camped for over six months, unable to move on account of the lack of water other than that in the Glen waterhole. Some 25 or SO miles from here there exists, or did until lately, the nuns of an old dray supposed to have been left there by Sturt, and at the Glen there may yet be eeen the fragments that remain of the boat the explorer carried with, him, wherein to crosB the mythical inland sea of Central Australia. Always having- adhered to the rule, '?when in Borne do as Rome does,' and Doticing that every second person I met ?wore a green shade or a bandage over Lib visionary organs, I thought it quite time to chime in with the prevailing fashion, and start a couple of finely inflamed sore eyes forthwith. 1 had been thinking of it for several days previously, but had deferred the -full fun of the thing till now. Assisted by the glare of the eon on tUe red soil of these open plains I -was able to get up a pair of unimpeachable sandy blighted eyes* on the most approved pattern. Then, knowing that I was in the latest North Eastern mode of fashion, of course I felt happy, or ought to have done so. Somehow x ujuii l. xeopiu coij£ULnuy a«K wuai causes EOie eves to be so prevalent in the North country. I think first the cold dry winds trLich are bo often experienced, at night tfKi-ciiJh-; and secondly, the confounded flies, ihe equal of -which for diabolical fiendish ingenuity in torture I never before met. They doubtless help to spread the complaint by carrying the pus from on 3 eye to another. The track soon became much heavier, sad low sandhills clothed -with scrub, niulga broom, and balsam bush, broke the dead level of the now somewhat sandy plains ; still there were evidences of the late rain in the feed which was SDring-ine: s&ilv; in favored spots. The odd-looking nests of the native silkworm, or hairy citerpillar, attracted attention all the way from near Boolccomatta, but hereabout they are very numerous ; in fact I may say thatall through the North the market for flies, wasps, and caterpillars is very fully stocked. I missed that eweet song-bird the mosquito, of which theie -were but few to 'Sing, King, sing on to cheer me.' It -waB a pity, too, for -with mosquitoss to £11 up the time thefiiesleft unoccupied one's cup of happiness would have been chock full. The hairy caterpillars spoken of are Cuiious little brutes. I don't know where tiey Hart from or -when, but when they do start they link themselves head aad tail into a long train and set out on their journey at a rate of speed that is seldom emulated by our fastest railway express trains; this is literally correct, for their time is about half a knot a year or there abouts, and I never saw au express go at that rate. The nest they make Is about the eize of the old-fashioned strawberry pottle, and -resembles it in shape, or something like an elongated fool's cap tunstd upside down aad suspended on the twigs of a low tree or bush. It is formed of a very strong whitav colored silk, and is covered -with a sort of glaze to -withstand the weather. Into this the architects retire, but what they do in there or in what shape they come out I had no opportunity of observing. All T know is that bushmen told me that the silk made excellent crackers for their stock -whips if carefully twisted. It looks as though it would. I made Tultie, or rather Mundora, an out&iation; of Podlamacca, that night. Here Benediction began to show signs of having bad about enough of it, and as he had con tracted a -very sore back, brought on by a lack of stuffing, partly of himself and partly of lie saddle, I decided to leave him, and laving arranged for the hire of a horse from Mr. fionoghue, the gentleman in charge, I pushed on gay and early for Facksaddle, an outstation of Gnalta, another twenty-five mikBJeunieythrough verysimilarscenery to that traversed the day before, except that as I went on the country became dryer and dryer, and the feed at last so scanty that nothing short of a high-power binocular microscope could detect a grass stalk to a square mile. Facksaddle is so-called from a small semi-flat- topped hill close by,*-wbica some imaginative person fancied looked like apacksaddle. Here I found Mr. R. Barry in charge, a typical old style bush man of a school sow, alas, fast disappearing, whe laid himself out to cheer both the physical and mental man of the wavworn acd now somewhat dilapidated- looking traveller 'whom fate had cast on his hospi tality. Rext day my start w_as delayed by tie inspiriting information that someone had ?walked or rather ridden off, with mv newly-borrowed horse, and it was no't until 2 o'clock that Mr. Sydenham, the second in command, rode in with Moses. There was no help for it now ; MoseB and I seemed destined to do the rest of the jour ney in company. I got away about 3 o'clock, and reached Wonaminta Creek about 5, -where I camped on die water, to give my plncky little pony a spell, as there ?waa for a wonder a small quantity of feed near the water. The country in this dis trict is just as likely looking for gold as any I have seen. The formation is the usual -vertical decomposed slate, a little more deeply covered with soil than at Mount Browne, the surface strewn with broken quartz end ironstone, and the hais low end rounded with longsweepiner gullies between. In some places numerous reefs crop out, but cot very high above the ear face; The quartz is not hungry-looking, but IB stained -with oxide of iron, ani occasionally contains mundic or iron pyrit£6. This part of the conntry is . well worth a trial, .but I fear most of the returning diggers will be almost too » full up on digging ' to care -about taking much trouble in prospecting on the back track. About 7 o'clock I once more mounted and plodded onward on the most dreary part of the journey I had yet seen to Cobham .Lake, distant, as I was told, trimt twenty-two to twentj-lkree miles ; before I got there I made it out to be about 222 miles or there abouts, and Moses agreed with me fully. In a vey short time I had got beyond the influence of the recent rain, and then the country asseenby the light of a young mo on -was wretched in the extreme. About three or four miles on I came to the camp of the first large party of back trackers from the diggings. They numbered about twenty, and had two drays and teams. They were 'Sydney men,' and had come round Wonaminta way for the sake o£ feed aid water. They had camped where they were, not because there was any feed, but merely to give their horses a spell, and to give themselves time and breath to swear at the diggings and things in general. Nothing was too bad to say of the rush or of tie newspapers which had induced them to go to it. One gentleman, whom I judged to be either a Spaniard or Italian by his accent, expressed himsaU — ' Av he only had a hoult av the (blank blank blank) proepecthor that tould people there was six futsinkin' he'd cut off hia (blank) ears, an' there was more av the byes av the same opinion.' I endeavored to convince them that the press had almost unanimously warned people against rush ing to Mount Browne, bat without avail. So when they asked me what my occupation -was,' being a truthful man, -who keeps a little hatchet always by him like George Washington, I intimated that I was a cemmercia] traveller; I thought it would be a pity to say any tbiug that might make their '' angry passions rise,' because that would be wrong, and again I considered that perhaps the Italian gentleman might -want to keep his hand in at ear-marking men, and if bo my ears were rather handy. There were one or two sensible fellows in the company who told me that they did not condemn the diggings altogether, but that they had tried them and found they could not make a living there without water, but that should it rain soon thay wonld return and have another try. One of them had a little gold, about halfan ouEce or so, the first I had seen from the new rush : it was coarse, clean gold, and looked waterworn, but of that pore anon. I plodded onward, my game little steed gTowing more tired each mile as we toiled over the heavy sandhills, which were growing higher and heavier as we got into the Cobham country, till nt length in mercy I got down and led Moses, first at each hill, but finally I quite gave up the idea of riding farther. After all there was an advantage in having a small horse for such a journey, because it was sot far to get on and off from him, and again when Moses could carry me no longer I might get down and carry him. Oddly enough the excellence of this plan did not strike me at the time, so I merely got eff and tewed the tired pony on towards Cobham. They had been telling me at Corona and Tultie that the -wild dogs vrera very troublesome in the neighborhood, I had however previously seen none on this journey, but ss misfortunes never come sjrgJy. ss if to make my misery complete, the confounded brutes chose this particu larly auspicious occasion to seek an intro duction. It was nearly 1 o'clock in the moniiBjr, and the moon was getting very close to the horizon. I was plodding ?wearily od, -with a good haul on Moses's bridie, and feeling amiably disposed to wards things in general. I had not seen a living 4li?iM-r frvr niilafl ?mliAti cii^il jini vr fr.tm n T».l1-- of eaub a great gaunt mongrel dingo with a fttong touch o{ tbe kangaroo dog about him flitted silently over the soft eand, passing Trillin a dozen yards or so. Deli berately sitting down on the Toad behind me he attuned his soul to music with a howl that would have made the flerfi of a re spectable ghost creep, provided he had any. This delightful song brought several echoes, acd in a few minutes I was followed by three or four of the nasty skulking cowards. I bad seen too many dingoes to feel any fear of them, but the situation might have been more cheerful for all that. To spriDp to the back of my gallant steed, 6cth amongst the open-jawed pack, and with two or three -well-directed shots from my trusty Derringer, lay the leaders low — waa the last thiEp: I thought of, simply because my gallant steed hadn't a gallop left in him, «r,d my trusty Derringer was -where the Dutchman left his auchoT — at hoaie; be sides it is only in American threepenny dreadfuls that picturesque heroes do this sort of thing. Now I was not a hero, and I -wasn't a bit picturesque, so I just wor ried on and -wished my canine persecutors in perdition. Moses didn't seem to mind them a bit ; maybe he was more used to their pirssact company than I had been of late. TeJkirg about these dingoes reminds me of seineilnng I 3:eard on the way up. We were speaking cf iguanas, when a man told me he had seen come very large ones down in liie Lachlan country, over six feet loDg he said, and Tery powerful in the javts. lie said he one day came on the tracks of a very large Lriiana, ?which -were following thoEe of a dingo; soon after be found the skeletou of the dir){!O picked bare. I hate a man to te!l a lie for a little thins; like that. Had he said a buliock it would have beeu a sfory worth telling. Any way there were no iguanas about that night I suppose, for the dogs folio-wed me all the way into Cobhata, ?where I did not arrive till 2 u.m. I found the lake, -which is about three miles in cir cumference, surrounded with camn firp-s. and as I had come on it by no regular track I -was for a time bewildered. However with the -valuable aid of a half awake blackfellow, -whose camp was the first I happened to strike, and who from his blanket pointed about three parts rsund the compsfs, informing me that the public Loose -was 'over there,' I found Blore's Hotel, and -was delighted to hear that I had got in in lime to intercept the mailman — which I had been pushing- on to do — and so get a letter to Wilcannia to be thence tele grephed to the Advertiser and Chronicle. A couple of judiciously-supplied nobblers induced the man to wait while I scribbled up my notes, which accomplished I tumbled into bed fairly done up. Next morning, what with sore eyes, a feveriEh cold, and fatigue, I was— in the Tercacukr of the district — rather ' oft my onion,' AangUce unwell, and had willy nilly to lay up for a day, but thanks to the kind womanly attentions of Mrs. George Blore, tie landlady, I was not in each evil case as I might have been. Cobham Lake is not a verv romantic spot by daylight or any other light; as a matter of fact I have seen several prettier places in my travels. It is simply an xronsually large claypan containing the -usual whity - colored, -water common in freshwater claypans, strongly im pregnated with gypsum. This ' water is simply horrid as a beverage, worse if anything than 'fighting mm,' .Lou uuul require juuin. in your lea at Cobham, the cap is well colored without. The lake is surrounded by barren sand bille, and close to the water is a straggling fringe of most forsaken-looking stunted box gume. Of grass or feed of any kind There is absolutely none, and the charac teristic features of Cobham l^ake are red sand and wretchedness. The animals about live on imagination, the memory of the past, and claypan water. They don't seem to thrive on this sort of provender, however, for the shores of the lake all round are strewn with the skeletons or decomposing carcases of cattleand horse3. Needless to say the prevailing scent in the neighborhood is not jockey club. I often wanted to know where the Abomination of Desolation dwelt -when at home. I know now ; its address is Cobham Lake, N.S. W. — at home every day. Htrving obtained a fresh mount from Mr. Blore I pushed on for the diggings, distant thirty-five or forty miles according- to. cir cumstances \ '* humping your drum.' it is fifty at least. For nearly twelve miles the road is over the same description of red sand hills previously met with, and all as barren as a brick wall. Then the country changes, losing its stony and sandy character, asd fur miles the load winds round the shore of a vast swamp, now dry, and covered with herbage of one kind or other. After croas ir-g what I presume to be either the Evelyn or the Tango Creek, you come on wide alluvial plains, which are evidently subject to inundation at times ; occasional baits of scrub are met with, and there is plenty of good salt and cotton bush, and some grass here end there. Water can be obtained in two or three places in toe bed of the creek, and the feed becomes gradually better till you reach the diggings. I met two large vans containing not less than fifty to sixty returning diggers, bound, so 1 was told, for Temora, from which place many of them bad come; and there was also a. large number of men on horseback and footback toiling back despondent and wretched. It was pitiful to see some of these poor fellows, emaciated and with eyes bound up, groping their way along, or being led by a compassionate companion. I thought of more than one at venturous voung Adelaidean whom I had heard talk ing of throwing up & snug berth to test this far off goldfield, and came to the con clusion that had one of them been -with me that broiling- day, end seen the sights I eaw and heard the tales I heard, he would pro bably have begun to consider how many parts of an out and out darn fool he was foT his paine. Passing the western end of a curious range of flat- topped hills ending in a high steep bluff, a few miles brought me to the end of my journey for the present, Milparinka, on the Evelyn, where the principal business places are situated, and all the washdirt comes into be washed. 