: BESIDE THE CR03ILECB.. Fa u. Mall Gazltte. The Croml&ch; iteeil u a nne ipeoitneo or a ; . wagsBthic ttraclure, piled up of _ fear Isrze boalders from the ceighbsuricg hiiiride, and bat little squared or hevn by arriffcial meant. The booldcra do not belong to the same Cam brian rock aa the atiderlying hill ; they are fragment of fenoadenian gracile, transported hither by tbe giscien of 'the great ice age. Of course cromlechs hive beenerectrda ten -4 vvy on the hither ride cf the glacial epoch. Titers were men In Britain before the isai ice age, and they have left their memorials in the rough chipped flint instruments cf the drift and on the burd ened floor of caves ; bnt every trace cl jheir presence b» of covrte been planed cn the ; actual sarface of the country by the great sheets of ice which, during the last glacutiin, ground down the whoJe face of England into bare un dulating folds of naked rock. The prehistoric . monuments which we now ffad ca the surface of the land, like this Welsh cromlech or the nnmerons barrows cf our English downs, belong to a ranch larger race, ss one can see at once from tbe very fact that they are so often built np of glacial boulders. Indeed, the earlier pre- glacisl men were mere hunting savages cf tbe rndest type, wholly incapable of co-operation for works such as these. Originally, this crom lech must have been covered with a barrow. It formed, inaeed, the central chamber of a neo lithic tomb; and over it the esrtb was once heaped np in a great and conspicuous pile. In England, as a rule, tne barrows still survive, especially in all the eouth-eastern plain and the lesser hill or downr. But in Wales and Corn wall, and tn the more mountainous regions generally, where soil is scanty and denuding agents act more rapidly, the barrows have oftener been washed airay by rain and torrent a orslowly crumbled down by sun and winds. That, no doubt, is partly the reason why people generally believe that " Druidical remains," at tbey chore i to call them, are specially frequent in these Keltic regions. It seems natural enough to appose that ancient British monuments should be cartfally preserved in such outlying spots as these where tbe sncteot Britons still survive in almost unmixed purity. But, as a matter of fact, tbe cromlechs are really less preserved here than elsewhere, because their barrows have mostly been washed away, and the body within has long since disappeared. The best perserved cromlechs are, ol coarse, those which you can not see at all, because they are still covered with tbeir enclosing mound of earth and still contain the bones and relics of the dead man within them. 'It is the desecrated tomb that we call a Drmdical monument; tbe desecrated we only describe as a prehistoric barrow. There can be very little doubt that these cromlech, like all others, was once upon a time the tomb of an early chieftain. From the general charac ter of Its workmanship, aud the very slight ex- teot to which the stones have been dressed, I feel pretty confident that it must belong rather 10 me neoittnic man to tne Dronze age. miner some day five thousands years since — perhaps ten thousand for all that science can say— a crowd of brown- skinned, ehort-statured tribes men bore op the dead body of their chief from the village in the clearing on tho little stream below. Here with wooden levera and logs for rollers they toilfully brought together by sheer force of straining sinews these four great, ice- worn bonlders which lay scattered upun the slope around. On the crest of Mynydd Mawr tbey. hewed them into rough symmetery, and boiit them into rode imitation of the royal bat, first placing the three uprights in position, and then prising up the flat roofing-stone with their log rollers over an inclined plane of loose earth. In the hot thus formed they placed the dead body of their chief, with his weapons, his orna meats, and his household goods, that his ghost might est, drink, and fightin the world of ghosts as it bad done in the valley below. Then tbey piled up the great mound of earth above it, to keep tbe body safe from beaBts or birds : and around the fresh heap they performed I know' not what barbaric orgies of dancing and sacrifice and human massacres. Perhaps tbe wives and laves of the dead man were slain and "buried with htm, to attend him in the other world;, perhaps tbe blood of human victims was poured; over the new-made grave as an offering to the thirsty ghost, bitting in this peaceful industrial nineteenth century on the dry heather under the shadow of these picturesque old stones, one can hardly realise what nameless horrors they may not have witnessed on tho day when the neolithic dwellers in the Llarifair valley fjrst raised them above the summit of Myndd Mawr. "We think of them only under the softening and romantic influence of time; we look upon' their litchcn-cnvered surface through the tinged halo of poetical imagination ; they are to us the hoary remnants of our forefathers' .'world, . 'the titanic, archaic, immemorial temples of a for- rrnftnn e.ronA Wn Art n«K mm a rwVto h Imm terrible and sickening were the realities of which these grey and yellow- stained granite boeaes' are tho sole .remaining vouchers. Time has turned tho relics of some Dahomey custom into a.pretty , antiquated, landmark aud a romantic spot; , for .holding a picnic. ijhrdr y ; 