Witchcraft in Skye. The Emperor of Brazil's comet, as we may perhaps call it, since that most learned of modern monarchs was the first to discover its appearance, seems to have caused some excitement in Skye. A correspondent at Big writing to us on the 30th ult., states that on the previous night many people in his neighbourhood turned out to view the comet, and several suggestions were made as to what it might portend. Some thought it must be the forerunner of a great Continental war ; others regarded it as the herald of a wild succession of storms. Our informant adds that, in spite of the growing intelligence of the people in his part of the world, there are still some who believe, in ghost stories and in witchcraft. The late minister of the parish, Mr. Maciver, of Kilmuir, who was a man of sterling worth and great influence, partially succeeded in banishing these obnoxious beliefs ; but only the other day an office-bearer in the Free Church of Kilmuir made an impassioned appeal to the factor on the estate, founded on the conviction that his cattle had been bewitched ! Skye has been noted in the past for stories of this kind ; but the same supers to tion prevails, to a greater or less extent, in many parts of the Highlands. Our correspondent was told a witch story not long ago by an old lady living not more than half a mile from the residence of the reverent gentleman, who writes under the signature of " Nether Lochaber." Sir Ewan Cameron, of Lochiel, coming from Inverness had the Company of a witch who wanted to pass him. " Ceum ann Eoghani," said she. He answered, "Ceumar do charm a, chailleach, san ceum barracked aig Eoghau." In this manner he kept a step ahead of her until they reached Barrachulish Ferry. The ferryman would not allow the watch to get into the boat. She then took leave of Sir Ewan, saying, " Durachd mo bridge, thumbs ghost Eoghani "-" My heart's desire to thee, dear Ewan !" Sir Ewan replied, "Durachd do bridge do blotch gaining ud thall "-" Thy heart's desire to that grey stone yonder ;" and that moment the grey stone split in two. As our informant was interested in the old woman's story, he went and saw the stone, which he found split in two, in accordance with the legend. " Ah," said the old woman, " it was good for Sir Ewan the answer he gave to the witch," 