SATISFACTION. By Janet Caeeoll. And I will place within them, as a guide, My umpire conscience. Milton's ' Paradise Lost.' The little cottage, called, by courtesy, ' The Parsonage,' in Bolunda, is wrapped in utter darkness, save a bright gleam of lamp light that lliuminea the tiny, cunainea window of the minister's room. The little township is at rest, all the day's noise and broil are past, and every tired head is on its pillow. Even the noisy jingling hotels are closed — no light anywhere but this glaring square, which, by its brightness, makes the dark night darker. Humphrey Gray, the minister, sits — though it is past midnight — at his writing desk, his head supported on bis hands, an open diary before him. As he reads and turns the leaves slowly, the gravity of his always grave face becomes more settled, more sombre. By-and-bye Humphrey Gray lifts a lined, drawn face, wearily closes the book, and in a few minutes Bolunda is all dark. So passed the young minister's last night in Bolunda. To-morrow he leaves for a distant congregation, and the brawny, toil-hardened miners, as they passed tne irarsonage in tne early morning on their way to work, wished him God-speed in their hearts. He was part and parcel of the place, they said; Bolunda wouldn't be Bolunda without him. They didn't care for preachin' chaps, as a rule, but Mr. Gray was different. So they tramped along, indignantly anathematising the powers that controlled and which had ordered Mr. Gray's removal. He had been with them seven years ; he had seen Bolunda grow from its infancy of tent and shanty to its present imposing maturity of cottage and hotel, and every rough-bearded face in the place was f amilar to him. He was loved by the pnor for his zeal and kindness. Over the mining portion of his congregation his influence was very great, and, though he did not effect sudden and magic conversions, a few well-timed words j from him had often reformed the most ' inveterate drunkard. The rich sought his : society anxiously, for there was a strange mixture of pride and humility in his character; his manner and bearing were ' those of a perfect gentleman, and in a demo- ' cratic community like that of Bolunda good ; breeding is quickly seen and justly appre ciated. 1 Mr. Gray was accompanied on his journey by Fred Hathaway, a young overseer who wished to look up the interior grazing grounds for intending purchase. When they reached the top of the hill which overlooked the little mining township, Humphrey Gray turned his horse's head and Btood some moments thoughtfully surveying it. While thus taking ^hissilen^arewell^asof^jggretfuUQO^Jtj^ The next day's summer sun poured its merciless rays on our travellers, who, wearied and uncertain of their route, ride here and there in search of the lost track. 'We'll never get out of this dense bush to-day, unless, as I think, we are in the vicinity of Brayburn home station. If so, we're all right, and, as the nags are done up, what do you say to a rest at Milman's? Robert Milman is no end of a nice fellow ; he'll be glad to see us. I wouldn't like to pass Brayburn, so say the word Mr. Gray, and I'll find the track from the top of this big bare Mil here to the right ; I know it well, we camped at the foot of it on the other side last shooting season.' Mr. Gray acquiesced in his quiet way, and Milman's station was reached in the dusky evening. Young Hathaway was welcomed in the home circle at Brayburn warmly and kindly. The reception of his friend was not less kind, but they treated him with more deference. After Mrs. Milman — who was an invalid — had retired, a tall, pale girl came into the room. Mr. Milman introduced her as — ' My daughter Ruth.' Miss Milman, as Mr. Gray called her, (Fred familiarly called her Ruth), was a sweet-faced girl with pale, well cut features, and thoughtful grey eyes ; though her manners were quiet and unassertive she seemed the directory of the establishment. Mr. Milmgri continually appealed to her on points in his conversation connected with the louses, the gardens, the horses, or even the latest European telegrams. Ruth corrected and decided everything ; yet, withal, was so unpretending, so feminine, that Humphrey Gray, by admiration of her, was moved out of his selfish moodiness and sorrow. He talked to this quiet, grey-eyed, little Ruth as he had never talked to any woman in his life, and he retired to rest happier for it. He did not know he was happier ; but he was so, for he did not take out the great black diary and pore over it, or sit and stare before him for hours as had been his wont in the little Bolunda Parsonage, and weary nights long ago in the sparsely-furnished student chamber of his Edinburgh lodgings before ordination ; but he looked out of the window up to the starlit sky, and said softly to him self : ' I will lighten my burden by some day sharing my secret with saintly-eyed little Ruth, if I dare.' He leaned out over the window-sill, the stars twinkled over his head, and the night owls moaned surlily among the distant trees as he murmured in rapt, reverent tones : 1 ' Deliver me from blood, Oh God !' Fred found many excuses for protracting their stay, and as Mr. Gray was not due at the scene of his new labours for many days, he was glad to partake of Mr. Milman's genial hospitality, and enjoy quiet little chats at intervals with Ruth. She told him with her serious smile that she could not entertain him, she had too many employments. She taught the two sturdy lads, Hugh and Harry, who were now having holidays in honour of the visitors. They had never known any other teacher, and Mr. Milman made it a proud boast that Hugh, who was only thir teen years old, would be fit to take his place among the senior boys next year at school. On the third evening from the date of their visit, Fred Hathaway and his host being absent, Mr. Gray, who stayed in to write h« said, gat looking over a photograph album at the table, opposite Mrs. Milman's invalid chair, while Ruth sewed bueily at a far away window. Suddenly the minister's face grew set, and a hunted look crept into his blue eves. ' Mrs. Milman, who is that please ?' ' That ? Oh my poor boy.' ' Mamma,' said Ruth, in a low, warning voice, as she laid down her work and came towards them. Mrs. Milman's lips twitched painfully, her hands clasped and unclasped the arm of her chair for a few moments, then she laid back her head and closed her eyes. ' Hne nas fainted, Kutu said, hurriedly, in a relieved tone. ' Please go away, Mr. Mil man, and when she recovers she will have forgotten the cause of her swoon. You must not mind,' she continued, reassuringly. ' Don't look so troubled about it. Mamma is very delicate, you know.' Pointing to the bright, boyish face in the album, she said : ' It is my brother, my only brother, Archie, and he is dead. You know, Mr. Gray, I am Ruth Lesly. Many beside yourself make the same mistake about my name. I will tell you about poor Archie's death after mamma has retired this evening. It is our one sorrow, Mr. Grav.' Humphrey Gray reeled from the room like a drunken man. Strong agony gleamed in bis blue eyes and lined his white forehead. All the horrid past came surging up again. It had always shadowed and menacingly fol lowed him. Now it was tugging at his heart strings, crushing and overwhelming him with its frightful horror. He walked unsteadily down to the creek-side and leaned against a great tree. Ruth had sat in its cool shade only yesterday watching the boys row their tiny craft on the water. He had seen her from the house, and he could not help thinking of it now — how pale and slight she looked in her cool white dress, and how carefully her serious grey eyes fol lowed the movements of the little lads. He wanted to think of her as yesterday— gentle, sweet Ruth Milman, the brothers' guide am directress, the mother's stay and comfort, old Robert Milman's treasured daughter, and hifi own little love. Not as to-day — not Buth lips, Ruth Lesly with a great impassable gulf of blood between them. The sun went down at length, but the last hour of his shining brought furrows to the poor pale face so prematurely aged, and streaks to the wavy masses already grey. The prostration of spirit and mental anguish had been sore, the struggle had been hard, but his great strength, saved him. ' I shall leave Brayburn to- morrow, and Ruth -will know,' he said. ' Got a headache ! Well, it's been a roaster to-day, I know. K.ty you didn't come out j we had fine sport. Ruth wishes to know if you'll come down, or take a cup of tea up here. She's as pale as a ghost herself — Mrs. Milman had an attack of her illness this after noon — poor little girl ! I say, Mr. Gray, I don't mind telling you this,' and Fred put the candle down and stood beside his friend, his bright young face full of eagerness and earnestness : — ' I've asked Milman for Ruth to-day. I've loved her ever since I first saw her three years ago, and Pm trying hard to get rich for her, but it's awfully slow work. Ruth doesn't know, and I don't want her to know yet. She likes me I'm sure, and I'm satisfied with that now. MilmanVa brick ; he listened to me right through, then he said his little girl's happiness was all he wanted, and that when Ruth would aay Yes to me, he would be ready to do his part. Now you see why I came here when we lost the track.' As he finished he laughed awkwardly, he was so surprised at his friend's silence — surprised and angry. ' You'll have the tea I suppose, if you're so bad as that.' Humphrey Gray, haggard and weak, rose up and stood before him, and laid his hands on the broad shoulders of the young man. ' Fred Hathaway, you are good and honest, and you say you love her ; but do you love her? Can you make her sad young life happy ? Can you give her such love as she requires ? You know what she is ? Now, answer me. Are you worthy of her ?' ' Really, Mr. Gray, you frighten a fellow. Don't put things so seriously, and look so tragical. I do love Ruth Lesly with all my heart, and I will try to be worthy of her if she will have me.' ' Yes, my boy, try hard to be worthy of her.' ' Dear old fellow, you look so ill ; your eyes are dull, and your face awfully pale. In for a fever I would say if I were a doctor. What will you take ?' ' Nothing. I will come down by-and-bye, after Mrs. Milman has retired. My appear ance might frighten her, you know. I'll come down fora cup of tea when you're at billiards, and all is quiet.' 'All right.' A couple of hours dragged away their weary length, then Humphrey Gray, with strong resolution on his face, walked down to the lighted drawing-room with the black bound diary in his hand. He had hoped to find Ruth there, but she was not, and he walked up and down me room, waiting tor her, with short, decisive steps, the rigidity of his mouth never relaxing from its expression of fixed determination of purpose. A girl brought in a tray with his tea and an apology from Miss Ruth. Her mamma wished her to stay with her this evening, and she hoped Mr. Gray's headache was better. He drank off a cup of tea, and, hastily de taching a leaf from his pocket-book, pencilled : — ' Dear Miss Lesly, — I leave Brayburn early in the morning. Why, you will know when you will have read what I leave in your hands — the records of my early life. Search them keenly but kindly, and when you come to that entry do not reproach me. It was unpremeditated in thought and action 3 it has haunted and embittered every_ hour of existence since. Do not you too rise up in judgment against me. Out of your charity and ffreat eentleness of heart, think kindlv of me, little Ruth, and my burden -mill not be so heavy. — Humphbey Gbay.' Mr. Gray gave note and diary to the house maid, and charged her to tell Miss Lesly that he requested her to delay the reading of them till the morrow. The girl departed, and he found his way to the billiard-room, where the balls clicked merrily, and Mr. Milman and Fred, in their shirt sleeves, were excitedly chalking and scoring. ' Going in the morning. My dear sir, I won't hear of it. If you re ill this is just the place for you. Ruth's a capital nurse.' 'Air. U-ray, put in JJrea, as ne saw no sign of relenting on his friend's pale face, ' wait till Thursday. Do. I can't go till Thursday, and I don't like the idea of you doing that eighty-mile journey alone in your presunt form.' But Mr. Gray, having courteously thanked Ms host and commissioned adieus to the ladies, shook Fred kindly by the hand, and j went out to the stables, ordered his horse for j his early ride, ascended the stairs to his room, and locked the door. 'lama daughter of Eve, but I can leave it till the afternoon,' Ruth said to herself with her sweet grave smile. And in the afternoon when mamma was comfortably asleep, and all was quiet in the upper regions of the house, ahe carried the book and little twisted note to her own pretty room, and kneeling beside the window all ablaze with sunlight, she deftly arranged the curtains as a screen, and with a happy expectant look in her eyes, and the smile deepening the curves of her lips, she opened and. read. diary in her hands, her slender fingers on its clasp as though reluctant to open it. She lingered thinMngly some moments over the fastening, then with a sudden flush crimson ing her neck and face, she re-opened the note and kissed the signature. She turned the leaves slowly, and read many pages with the same happy smile play ing round her mouth, but soon her eyes be came riveted on one page. She read it over many times, while growing horror distended her eyes and whitened her face. It was a page bearing date more than fifteen years old: — ' 11th. Came to London to-day. Met two old chums, Tom Tillotson and Frank Craydon. Tom's going to have some fun with a young fellow whom I saw at the Club this morning, a soft-looking fellow named Archie Lesly. Tom will put Frank and me up to the lark to-night he says. I am sorry I must take the boat for Calais to-morrow. They want me to stay, too. '12th. Am glad I caught the boat. I wouldn't like Otter to have seen me last night. Poor old Otter! He's so straight laced. It's too bad though, that, after all his lessons and kindness, I couldn't be a man one day out of his sight. ' The besetting sin of the age is drunken ness. My boy, set your face against it,' he used to say. I couldn't help myself -with those fellows last night, but I am sorry for the part I took against young Lesly. I'm sorry I jibed him so about his riding — that was Tom's lark. I hope he won't remember about the colt. ' 13th. Archie Lesly is dead. Thrown by the colt. Stay in Paris. ' This is the telegram I received this morn ing. My God! How can I sit here and write it ? I am Archie Legly's murderer as surely as if I had plunged a knife in his heart, and my soul is marked with the red brand of Cain. ' It was at the club, I could see that he was intoxicated, and grew fiercely indignant at Tom's sneering remarks, and when I challenged him about his riding (of which he had been boasting, poor boy !), he swore to me that he would on the morrow ride an unbroken colt, one that had never been c addled. He seemed awfully in earnest too. ' Why did I touch the cursed drink ? But for it I could never have entered into such an unmanly jest, and I would not havethatpoor boy's (le:ith laid at my door. I have not moved out all day ; but I will not fly from justice if I am sought. Sometimes I think I ought to go back and seek out a magistrate ; then again, I am not the only one involved. If I only were guilty I would at once give myself up. 'An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth ; ay, and a lif e for a life. I have thought and thought, still I cannot resolve. ' 14th. ' Come unto me all ye that labour, and are heavily laden, and I will give you rest.' These words came to me last night, and I knelt down and prayed. Now, I am ready to go back to England.' They found her in the evening kneeling by 'the window in her room, a large black book clasped close in her arms to her breast, pray ing. They called to her, but she did not answer them. She heard her mother's voice in the next room, then the veins in her throat swelled and throbbed, and great tears filled her eyes, but she forced them back, and went out among them. Fred looked anxious about her and communicated his fears that Ruth was not strong or else was overworked to Mr. Milman who said she must ride and walk out more, indeed she must accompany them on the morrow. The morning proved hot and sultry so Ruth easily excused herself and promised to ride as far as the Big Hill in the afternoon to meet them on their return home. Poor white- faced Ruth rode out in the warm afternoon, away through the bush, not knowing, not caring, where she went. She held the rein loosely before her and gave Robin his head. Away to the right stretched a dense belt of scrub, in front the Big Hill stood out blue in the haze of distance while all around grew green shrubs and slender saplings. Mile after mile Robin pieked his way over fallen logs and loose timber, sometimes stopping to munch a mouthful of grass in the scanty shade of the sparely -foliaged saplings. She waa grlad to be alone. Every faculty was numbed with the intense strain she had put upon herself now she tried to think about it. A false step of Robin caused her to j erk and almost lose her seat ; this brought her back to her surroundings, and, looking about anxiously for the rendezvous, she was startled to find that, no matter in what direction she looked, no hill of any kind was to be seen. She knew she must be far from home, for she could see groups of stray cattle in the distance who bellowed angrily at the eight of her. Seeing a great plain ahead she rode toward it. ' I will stand in the centre of it,' she said, ' then I shall be more easily seen when they come to look for me.' She felt no fear. Her spirit was sore. and her heart and conscience were waging fierce war. The struggle was with her, as it had been with him, but she was only a girl, and she loved. What though she had heard her mother curse the unknown slayer of her darling — wild and wayward, there fore loved the more — and had in her childish heart hated the destroyer of their home, and of her mother's health. Through him Archie had been cut off in his youth, and in his sin ; yet she loved him. She said all this to herself standing in the centre of the dreary flat far away from her home. She did not think of her position, she ' thought only of this unnatural and ill-fated love of hers, and scalding .tears dropped on Robin's mane. It was almost sundown when she heard a shrill cooee, and Fred came galloping toward her. 'However, did you lose yourself like this, Ruth? What! Crying! Oh, don't cry, Ruth, or I'll — You're safe now, dear, you know. They turned in the direction Fred had come. ' I suppose when you didn't see us at the Hill you rode on.' ' Did vou not go to the Hill then?' 'No.'' ' You'll be sorry Ruth, about Mr. Gray. Poor old fellow !' 'What about him,' ahe said, a little un steadily. 'They've got him at Yannip, dreadfully hurt. Thrown by that beast of his, I knew it was dangerous by its eye — what 1' 'Ruth! Ruth!' She did not faint, though her face grew white, and her eyes closed for a few moments. ' When, Fred? Tell me about it please,' she said, in a low voice. 'Poor little girl! she's so kind-hearted, and feels everything so much,' said Fred to himself, as he rode close beside her, and laid His hand on hers on the rein. We met Anson, the Yannip boundary-rider, and* he told us that he had found him yesterday evening near liia boundary line, lying on the ground, his left arm broken, and a nasty cut on his head. He was quite unconscious, and is so still. They've got him at Anson's place, his wife is doing her best for him ; but as there is no doctor there yet, I'm afraid there's not much chance for him.' 'Have they sent for a doctor f ' ' Oh, yes. If they had not I would have gone Your step-father wanted to see him, and, as we couldn't both go, I came back. I'll go down to-morrow. Fortunate I did come back, eh, Ruth P' I She answered him not a word, but ] tightened her rein and whipped Robin into a swift gallop. Fred could scarcely keep pace with her. When they came within sight of Brayburn where, though it was only dusk, I the lights were twinkling in the windows, Ruth drew up. ' Fred, is it Anson's — that place just j below the creek-bends ?' 1 She had been crying_FjgidjMmjdajjeefcjnd must not come. Please stay with mamma, it would be kinder, and, Fred, tell her to — to read the turned-down leaf in. a book she will find in my room, locked in the table - drawer. Fred — ' she was crying violently now, ' and tell my mother if I do not see her again, that I cannot help myself, I can't help loving him.' ' Oh, Ruth! Oh, Heavens ! Do you love Humphrey Gray ? And I love you.' 'Then if you do, you can understand. Make it easy for her, Fred, she will have . lost us both, Archie and me, for I will be as lost to her, as though I were dead, I know.' | 11 Oh, Ruth !' was all he could say, as she rode away swiftly out of sight in the dusk. When she reached the boundary- rider's house, she asked to see her step -father at once. Mr. Milman came from the sick room, shocked at hearing Ruth was there. ' Papa, you have not so much to forgive, Archie was not your son. Listen, I love Humphrev Gray, and though he never spoke a word of 'love to me, I know he loves me a little. Oh, papa, he has suffered so much and so long, let me lighten his sufferings a little. If he must die, let me be near him.' Before he could reply she had passed him, and entered the bedroom. A lamp burned on the table showing Humphrey Gray's white face on the pillow, with a linen bandage round his head, and where it covered the wound a red stain appeared. His arm which lay across his chest was bound up in , splints, as well as the kind-hearted people about him knew how to do it. Mrs. Anson sat at the foot of the bed, and rose up looking surprised, at her entrance, but Ruth did not speak to her or look at her, she saw only that white face — white even to the lips — and she knelt down and looked into the half- open blue eyes, and spoke his name. Hours and hours she knelt there, all her young life ebbing from her, as she listened to his moans of mortal anguish, and, at intervals, his incoherent wanderings. They were of school sometimes. Sometimes of that awful time — that day in London and its terrible consequences. ' I will give the service of my life to the church and my fellow-creatures, Otter. I will give my Me for the life I have taken ; but will my sacrifice be accepted ?' He repeated this so many times, and his voice was so pitiful in its intense anguish that they who stood around — strong men though they were — wept. Ruth did not weep. She listened to every word with pulseless anxiety, for she knew that soon she would never hear his voice again. Sometimes he spoke of her. Now she knew how much he loved her, and with all the desolation of her life round about and before her, her eyes brightened with pleasure as she heard. Then, again, it was of the time when he lay maimed and bruised in the bush after his fall. 'The same death. It is meet and just. God exacts the rigid satisfaction — death for death.' For a few moments before he died, con sciousness came back to him. He recognised Ruth and looked at her with a look of such grateful, tender love from those blue eyes, dark with the shadow of pain, and dim with the nearness of death, that in all her after life she thanked God for it — for that one look. ? m 