REVIEW.. The Great Musicians : A Series of Biographies of the Great Musicians. Edited by F. IIUEFFEII. I. Wagner: By the Editor. Musicians and musical students everywhere will welcome the publication of this series, The name of the editor, Mr. Francis Hueffer, the accomplished musical critic of the Times, is a guarantee for the thorough manner in which the work will be done, and the list of authors already announced speaks well for the care manifested in selecting the writers best qualified for the several volumes. In the colonies the supply of musical literature is very limited. To our young readers the lives of the great musicians are almost healed books- little beyond the names is known and with a view of placing interesting information , within their reach, we purpose giving notices of the several volumes of the series in greater detail than the subject would demand from the English Press. Mr. IIuolTor has headed the list with Richard 1 Wagner, the musician whose merits he was the first to advocate in England, but it will be seen that through- ] out his enthusiasm for his hero he has preserved his independent j udgmont, as he has remained steadfast to J his own opinions of the catholic conception of music, 1 and kept aloof from the faction in Germany, which began by depreciating Mendelssohn, and now ruthlessly attacks Schumann and Brahms. Wagner, according to his biographer, is an exception to the German rule that a man of genius is not a man of action. He describes him " emphatically a man of action of action, restless in deed, in thought, in feeling. Wagner was born at Leipsic, in Saxony, 22nd May, 1858, in the city and the year when Napoleon I. received his great check. Speaking of himself, Wagner says the goddess of fats in Scandinavian mythology, the Norn, deposited on his cradle " the never contented spirit that ever soaks the new." His family belonged to the middle class ; his father died the year of his birth, and his step-father, Geyer, actor and portrait painter, died before he was 7. At school, " Greek, Latin, ancient history, and mythology " wore favourite subjects ; of English he know enough to read Shakespeare in the original. When 11 years old he wrote a tragedy of grand design, .' forty-two persons died in the course of the piece" and most of these had to reappear ns ghosts in the last act. Soon after this, he witnessed Uootho's " Egmont," with Beethoven's music, and at once decided that he would write a musical accompaniment for his tragedy - and thus discovered his own musical gift through his needs for his own drama, curious study followed, he persisted in adopting music as his vocation, and in 184-' Heinrich Dorn wrote, I am doubtful whether there over was a young musician more familiar with the works of Beethoven than Wagner at 18. He possessed most of the master's overtures and large instrumental pieces in copies made by himself. He went to bed with the sonatas and rose again with the quartets. He sang the songs and whistled the concerts, for with pianoforte playing he did not get on very well in brief, there was in him a regular furore Tcutomcus, which, combined with considerable scientific culture and an extraordinary activity of mind, promised powerful shoot;." A few years later he began his public career as conductor of a small opera company at Madgeburg, and was next similarly placed at Riga, where in 1860, we find him " married to an actress, pressed for money, and altogether dissatisfied with his position- pecuniary, social, and artistic." From this dilemma he resolved to free himself, and by the production of a grand opera to win fame and wealth. Lytton's novel " Rienzi " furnished the subject on which the poet musician constructed his libretto, and with his poem and two acts of the music finished, this unknown author left the dreary northern coast, and, with his wife, set out for Paris. Here he arrived in the autumn of '39, un- daunted by the perils and delays of the voyage, full of hope that some of the managers to whom Meyerbeer had given him introductions would undertake to produce his opera. Fortune decided otherwise. The trials of the young musician were as severe as the goddess could make them ; vain were all his efforts to test his work by a performance, and while submitting to the greatest humiliation and musical drudgery he barely kept starvation away. The horrors of his journey he perpetuated in a grimly humorous pamphlet, "The End of a Musician in Paris." From this the declaration of faith which he puts into the mouth of the dying musician may well find a place here, as embodying Wagner's true feelings about music after his first journey inquest of the Gal: "And now one last word about my faith. I believe in God, Mozart, and Beethoven, and in like manner in their disciples and apostles ; I believe in the Holy Ghost, and in the truth of an art one and indivisible. I believe that this art emanated from God, and lives in the hearts of all those whose eyes are open to the light. I believe that this art can give bliss to all, and thence that each of us can be admitted to the privilege of dying for it. I believe that death will bring me the purest of happiness; I believe that on earth I was a dissonance which death will immediately resolve into the most splendid consonant harmony. I believe in a day of judgment that will bring a fearful doom upon all those who here below have traded on the chastity of art, who have violated and dishonoured it from mere baseness of heart, and vile lust for the delights of sense. I believe that they will be condemned to listen to their own music through all eternity, I believe, on the other hand, that the faithful disciples of this sublime art will be transfigured in a land of sunny, perfumed, and soul-compelling sound, and will be for ever united to the divine source of harmony. May there be grace for me ! Amen !" From this apparent ruin the genius rose supreme. In " Rienzi Wagner had written with a view to immediate success, and had to a certain extent bowed his knee to the Baal of fashion and Meyerbeer ; art was sacrificed to effect. With the failure he threw off the bondage. Thenceforth he starts on a second period. Disregarding established rules, he gives free rein to his poetic inspiration and makes the forms of absolute music subservient to his creative effusions. So far from expecting the present generation to go with him, he accepts the title first scoffingly applied to his works, and proudly adopts "The Music of the Future." The long voyage from Riga to London recalled the legend of the Flying Dutchman. There was much in the condition of the lone traveller in common with that of the mythic hero who was doomed to a restless life on occur until saved by woman's love. The poem was written and the music composed in 1811. , In October the following year " Rienzi " was first performed in Dresden, and with such success that the composer was engaged as conductor of the Royal Opera there. Despite imitations in the style of and effects of Sporting, Meyerbeer, Bellini, and Rossini, there are many numbers of great beauty in " Rienzi." The chorus and solo of peace messengers and the prayer are truly melodious, and although Wagner calls it the sin of his youth, yet in 1877 parts of " Rienzi " were given with "Lohengrin " and "Tannhauser,"' and Mr. Carl Rosa in 1873 brought out "Rienzi" in English with great success. The legend of "The Flying Dutchman" dates from the lGthcoutury, and is, like that of "The Wandering Jew," an embodiment of the unsettled feeling of the epoch, caused by the discoveries of a new faith by the Germans, and of a new world by the Spaniards. Captain Vanderdecken, as is generally known, tries to double the Cape in the teeth of a gale, and swears he will carry out his purpose should he have to sail till doomsday. The devil heard the oath and accepted the condition, house the Dutchman's doom. Heine invented a limit to the punishment. Vanderdockoujis to wander until released by the love of a woman "faithful unto death." The devil, not believing in woman's virtue, allow him to go ashore once in seven years to take a wife on trial. Wagner elaborates this story, and adds a romantic incident. Sonata, the heroine in the opera, has a picture of the doomed man in her chamber. She has fallen in love with him, and though she recognises him in the wealthy Norwegian who woos her, knowing her face she accepts his hand, and, after the bridal, throws her self into the waves. Her faith breaks the spell, and in a final tableau the Dutchman and his bride are seen .' entering the long closed gates of eternal rest." Musically there is a great struggle in the opera, the composer almost against his will falling into the con- ventional in places, and in others writing with powerful originality, and dramatic force and beauty, The Spinning Chorus is perhaps the only number of the opera known here. One great characteristic, and an admir- 1 able feature of this work, " is the weird atmosphere of of the Northern Sea, which breathes in every note of the music, from the overture to the sailor's chorus in the last act." Not until 1870 was this great work heard in a ' -England's XGorinany says it ft warm. welcome and has. mediate recognition ;) it was sung in Italian Mdlle. Ilma de Murska was Sonata, and Mr. Santley the hero. ( In 1876 Mr. Carl Rosa produced it in English, and again the English baritone was in the east, and " gave one of the finest renderings of the part ever wit- nested." I In Paris Wagner learned the story of Tannhauser, the minstrel knight, who haunted the Mountain of Venus. Mingling this with fancies of a singing tournament at Wartburg, the home of the Dukes of Thuringia, he pictured a subject for a third musical drama. The sight of the old castle fanned the flame, and the poem of " Tannhauser " followed. Here again he makes the self-sacrificing love of a pure woman the release of the hero, Elizabeth dies, and the knoll which tolls for her departure brings peace to the repentant Slave of Venus. Musically and dramatically, "Tannhauser" was a great advance. " The overture itself is a masterpiece ! of its kind ; it foreshadows the keynote of the drama of itself, the victory of good over evil the former represented by the solemn strains of the Pilgrim's Chorus, the latter by the sensuous melodies which accompany The joys of the Venusberg. Again, the large finale of Act is a marvel of musical design, and Tannhauser's ? narration in the final scene has never, not even by Wagner himself, been surpassed as regards force and impressiveness of declamation." The March, and the entrance to the Star, from " Tannhauser," are universally popular. This opera was first performed in 1815, at Dresden, and at once provoked a double verdict. The admiration was balanced by a powerful opposition most hostile by the Press. The position then assumed has been maintained in many places, and it is not vanquished yet. Disap- pointed and embittered, Wagner joined the revolution of 1848, and yet during this warfare he composed Lohengrin." His part in the Saxon insurrection brought exile with it, and once again the musician is in Paris. After a brief sojourn he retired to Switzer- land ; apparently to be as lost to the artistic as he was to the social world. " Lohengrin, the Knight of the Swan," is the title of the one opera by Wagner which Australia has witnessed. This '* Opera " is associated with some of the saddest and yet some of the brightest periods in Wagner's life. It was written in sorrow and misery e, it was first performed through Franz Liszt in 1851, and from that time the greatest friendship has existed between the two musicians. The story has been detailed in our columns, and our readers are sufficiently familiar with the music to recognise its beauties and to distinguish the important changes in this from all operas preceding it. Lohengrin " has done more than any work for Wagner's reputation in England, has had great influence on Italian music, and has made its way into Spain, and even into France. In his exile Wagner became a critic, attacking all classes of society, and especially hurling his shafts against the mercenary traders in music, who made " a milch cow of the divine goddess." In 1850 he published Opera and Drama," his principal theoretical work, and bearing in mind the dates of his operas it is easy to see that his theories are largely deduced from his own works, and that he has not written his operas to suit his theories as his enemies assert. " Rienzi" is his one historical subject, the rest all belong to the mythical, excepting the " Mastersingers." In each work the personal conception forces itself upon the student, and it is the yearning to make music express his poetical conceptions which has gradually wrought the change in his operas. And as his subjects are out of the common range so also is his verse. He found his subjects in mythology, his motor in the "staff rhyme" of the "Edda" and other treasures of ancient Teutonic lore. Later, Wagner studied the philosophy of Arthur Schopenhauer, and here he found the climax of his theory of musical art. He adopted the principles and set them forth in his pamphlet on Beethoven, 1870 and from the supernatural character of music thus established he proceeds to conclude its comparative independence of space and time. In an art of sound, space is out of the question, and time can be dispensed with in harmony. A harmonic chord, as such, is absolutely unmeasurable by time, Rhythm brings the first change, and next follows the daughter of the repose in harmony, and the throbbings of rhythm ; these equal elements produce melody. Hero Wagner maintains the means of expression which music proper can call its own are exhausted. " Music's own domain is the reign of unimpaired impulse - the tenderest vibrations of will and passion but it is excluded from a rivalry with articulate speech in the distinct expression of emotions. Thus he argues that the pure independent power of instrumental music which began with Bach was by Beethoven found insufficient, that unable to express all he required he called poetry to his aid, and in his choral symphony made his highest aspirations complete, through wedding Schubert's words to his own enchanting strains, thereby calling into life a new power, the union of poetry and music, which henceforth cannot be severed. This re-union followed the artificial separation of the two arts. The traditions of all nations speak of poet and singer as the same person, and the more fact of the human voice being at the same time one of the most perfect musical instruments seems to indicate the organic necessity of such a combination. The stages of the drama and dramatic music are traced with a masterly hand from the days of the choral pieces in Greek tragedy to our own times. The great Orlando di Lasso and the divine Palestrina are duly honoured, the progress of opera, the introduction of the aria by A. Scarlatti noted, and the steps by which the poet became the bondsman of the musician followed. Against the barrenness thus produced, the reforms of Mozart and Gluck are graphically described, and later the contemporaneous efforts, in opposite directions, by Rossini and Weber. Without entering more into the metaphysical grounds on which Wagner argues, or going the length which he does as regards " absolute music," we may agree with the biographer that " amongst the various movements which in modern music have sprung from Beethoven's last works, the dramatic one headed by Wagner is the most prominent, Wagner, in his works, has abolished the encumbrances of the dramatic poem, has swept away the whole apparatus of absolute musical forms, in the supreme purpose of attaining dramatic truth. The " aria proper" has no place in his operas. The whole weight of his musical power is placed in the dialogue as the bearer of the action, is fashioned to the requirements of the action, rising; as occasion offers, to the fervour of lyrical passion, surrounded by melody, but never descending to ill-timed sentimentality. He also urges that painting and architecture shall combine with poetry and music in the drama of the future. Besides the speculative writings of his exile briefly referred to above, Wagner during this time devoted himself in earnest to the production of the gigantic work known as the analogy of the " Ring of the Nibelung," with its introductory piece "The Rhinegold." This introduction and the " Valkyrie" were written between '52 and '55, when Wagner became for one season conductor of the London Philharmonic Society. Anxious to deal as far as possible with his hero from the heroic side, Mr. Huoffer glances lightly at this unsuccessful visit, and, for the credit of English amateurs, it is wise to let the curtain remain down. The return of the musician to his solitude resulted in the composition of " Tristan and Isolde," believed by some, including Mr. lluoffer, to be his greatest work, The main portion of the story may be gathered from the hill of the poet ' Laureate. The opera has not yet been heard in England. In 1860 Wagner again visited Paris, and arranged to produce " Tannhauser" there the following year. The event proved the greatest fiasco of modern times. The-" Meistersingers of Nuremburg followed. The scene of the drama is Nurnberg, in the sixteenth century. There is a beautiful love story between Eva, the daughter of a wealthy goldsmith, and Walther von Seizing, a young and noble knight. Wagner here, as in all his works, carries out his ideas-" Music is a woman, whose nature is love surrendering itself uncon- ditionally." In 18113 Wagner made a concert tour through Gor many, and visited St. Petersburg and Moscow, and everywhere the portions of his works which were performed created great enthusiasm and in 1864, thanks to the young King, Ludwig II. of Bavaria, he heard his operas on the stage "Tristan and Isolde" ia j 1865, and " Meistersingers " in 1807. Retiring again j to Switzerland, he resolved to finish his " Nibelungen," | and to concentrate his energies on securing a performance thereof according to his own ideas in a theatre is constructed for the mimosa. After many delays IN the Trilogy itself was performed in August, 1870. 1 trilogy or Ring of libelling consists of " Rhine Gold " " Vail j rio,' " Siegfried," and the Dusk of the gods " (Gotterdammerung), The four dramas have been compared to the movements of a symphony, a brilliant allegro, 2, the passionate adagio, 3, an impetuous scherzo, 4, a grand finale of tragic darkness with a gleam of hope at the end. More cannot now be said of this astounding work. The performance at Bayreuth was in many respects unique, and the gather- ing from all musical centres gave it an international importance " After this triumphant climax of his career, Wagner's life may be summed up in the sentences He has taken up his permanent abode at Bayreuth But in spite of the inscription on his house, the desire for work and for f uno and for motion has not yet relinquished sun The sea ft of the river is at work in the more than sexagenarian as it was in the boy At present v Turner is encased in the composition of a new opera, ' Parsifal, the libretto of which has already been published In Wagner's works the union of music and poetry is too close to allow of a discussion of the book in its separate condition Suffice it to say, that the subject in taken from the cycle of St Grail myths, to which Lohengrin' also belongs The performance is to take place at Bayreuth in 1882 ' To the biography is appended a list of the works of this representative musician, to whom, whether we agree with his reforms or not, we are bound to concede an important place and his example of unwearying perseverance, his struggles against all the ills which could combine to crush the mental andpli3 3ical powers, may well serve as the words to the pioneers of art in this new land. 