PORTFOLIO. The Cos?su.iold O'TIE HOLY GuOST. When the tide is out you may have noticed, as you ramble among the rocks, little pools with little fishes in tliem. To the shrimp in such a pool his foot-depth of salt water is all the ocean for the time being. He has no dealings with his.neighbour shrimp in the adjacent pool, though it may be only a few iclles of sand that dlivide the,. But when the rising ocean begins to lip over the lnar gin of the lurking- plnce, one pool joins an other; their various tenlants meet ; and, by and by, in the place of their little patch of stanidiig' water, they have the oceanl's bosindless' fields to roam in. Whlen the tide is .out-when religion is low-the faithful are.to libe found insulated ; here a few and there a few, in the little standing pools that stud the beach, having no dealings with their neighbours of thile adjoining pools, calling them Samnaritanis, and fallcyig that their own little colnlmunity includes all that are preclous in God's sight. They forget forra time that there is a vast expanse of ocean rising- every ripple brings it nearer; a inightier communliioln, even the commuln nion of saints, which is to engulph all minollr con siderations, and to enable the fishes of all .pools-the Christians, the Christ-lovers of all denominations-to cone together. When, like a flood, the Spirit flows into the churches, church will join to church, and saint will join to saint; and all will rejoice to find that if their little pools have perished, it is nlot by the scorchinig sullnlr's drought, nor the casting in of earthly rubbish, but by the influx of that boundless sea, whose glad waters touch eternity, and in whose ample depth the saints in lieaven, as well as thelsalint on emrtlh, have room to range. Yes, our Churches are the standinig pools along the beach, with just enough of their peculiar eleament to keep their inmates living dluring the 'ebb-tide period of the Church's history. But they form a very little fellow ship-the largest is but little; yet is,there steadily flowing in a' tide of universal' life and love, which, as it lips in over the margin of-the little pool, will stir its hllabitants with an unwonted vivacity, and' then let them loose in the large range of the Spirit's own commnunion. Happy church !-farthest downl the strand l-nearest the rising ocean's edge I Happy church I whose sectarilanism shall firstbe swept away in this inundation of love -nud joy ; whose conuuniioi shall first break forth into that purestandl holiest, and yet most comprehoensive of all comn mnnuions-the colnluinion of the Holy Ghost I Would to God that church wore mnine !-Dr. Jutaes Ilaiiflton. The death took place at Pinner, von Sunday, March 0, of Mrs Horatia Nelson lWard. The deceased lady was Lady Hamilton's little daughter Horatia, the sanme whom .her .reputed father, Lord Nelson, bequeatheod with Ilis dying breath to tliohe' cre of his country. Born in the last year of the last century, sheo spent heri infancy and childhood at lerton, and in 'course of time manrried the Rev. Philip Wsiid, sometime vicar of Tenterden, Kent, but was left his widow about 20 years ago. The Boors wore not over loyal subjects of the Dutch Government when they were under it, if we may trust ia letter published in the ,S'tauulard. The writer says that wllohen the Dutch threatened to send troops to stop tlleir cruel treatmont of the blacks, tllhey replied, "If you send soldiorsagainst us we will kill one half, salt them, and make tle otller half carry them back." The. original of this docu ment may be found, it'is believed, in .the Cape archives. AMERItUw VWALTUtAM1 \WATCHES wOPr Awarded:tho Only Two First Prizes at tho-Melbourne International Exhibition, 1880.1,: being Higher Awards than any other Exhibitors of watches receired. . TID MARKI , tVALTILAM, 'u'Lss.-Tho AMEOIIoArN WToeir Co?x'ANY, of Waltham, IMassaclhusetts, U.S., Ilereby give notico that their 'Trade MaIrk, " Waltham, ? Mass.," is now registered in the Austra lian Colonies of Victoria, New South WVales, rand Now Zealand. Proceedings will be' taken against any person copying or imitating same, or any vendors soelling or offering for sale watches bearing colour able imitationse or in any way infringing our rights.-American Watch Company, Walthami, .Mass. A Settled Question.-There are few sub jects that are not onos to debate. Captious disputants are to be found who are oven prepared to prove that black is white, but theore is one point so 'well settled that no one, except the man who denies the rotun lity of the earth, will be likely to dispute it, viz., that as a general insvgorant, it blood doepurent, a cure for sick-]headachu, a remedy for hystoria, anl appetising tonic, and'i mild oxhilasrant, UnoLPrio WoLv''u3 ScHIEDAor AnorATIo SOuNAPPS is unsur. passed.-[Advt.] 