THE SKETCHER. SNAKE CHARMING IN BARODA. The following story of snake charming has been sent to the Pall Mall Gazette by a corre- spondent who is making a sketching tour through some of the states of north-west India:— One morning I was strolling with a friend in the verandah, when we saw a strange figure coming along the drive—a tallish man, in a scarlet turban, only, unlike the usual solid turban, it was wound in serpentwise about his head; a kind of loose, flame- coloured shirt; a loin cloth, and the ordinary peaked shoe of the Easterns. Across his shoulders he carried a stout bamboo pole between 5ft. and 6ft. long, at either end of which hung two bags of coarse woven cloth, coloured a less vivid flame colour. As he came up to us we saw he had long black hair, twisted up like a woman's, and secured at the left side by a heavy silver comb, whose back was chased in strange patterns and shaped like a curve in a snake's body. In his ears were delicate ear-rings of silver, silver rings set with small green and red and white stones in flower-like shapes; on his forehead was the red mark of the Hindoo; across the bridge of the nose, be- tween the eyes, there was a black and scarlet line drawn that looked like a fine silk riband, and a similar riband ran from the outer corner of each eye to the temple. His face gave you the impression of his having been alive since the Flood; his eyes looked as if they could not shut, yet he had not a wrinkle, and was evidently young. His hands were beautifully shaped, with delicate nails; his feet were strong and shapely too. My friend said, "This man will show you some fun for a few coppers." So he was had up on to the verandah, and the play began. He opened his bags, sat down on his haunches, and pro- ceeded to unpack. the bags contained each a large wicker, or rather bamboo, lath basket, and nondescript bundles of many-coloured cloth. The latter contained a tin box full of live and lively scorpions; some neck- laces of strange grey and red stone; pieces of wood supposed to be cures for scorpion bites; round black substances like shining buttons—these are snake stone, and if laid on a cobra bite are supposed to cure it. The baskets contained also a large cobra apiece. He took out the two cobras and laid them on the stone floor of the verandah. I am not quite sure if he showed us two or one at first, for he has been here many times since. At any rate, he took a cobra out, let it squirm about on the floor; then he produced from his bag a weird pipe, made of a gourd, and shaped something like a bagpipe. The lower part, below the belly, is pierced with holes, on which the fingers play. With this pipe he began the most goblin rant that ever was heard; the cobra ceased writhing about, and gradually raised itself on its coils, swelled out its hood, and slowly waved its awful head to and fro in front of the music, as if it saw the music. Suddenly the music gave a wild, leaping yell, and "was not;" the cobra's head sank down, and his hood shrunk into nothing. The demon snake man then remarked, pointing to a big boy, a servant of my friend, "I will bring a cobra out of that boy's cap." The boy had on a close- fitting, pork-pie cap, his head was shaved, and the rest of his clothing consisted of a shirt. The man then took his pipe and began to walk round the boy; then on a sudden the air was rent by a melody such as might soothe the damned; it whirled round the boy like a visible thing, but the boy stood firm (not on the burning deck). Suddenly, again, the music stopped, and the man began to take off his drapery. He appeared for a moment au naturel, and there wasn't the ghost of snake about him. He shook out all his clothes—no snake. He wrapped his loin cloth round him, and began again his devil's dance and his soul-killing pipe. Not once from first to last, did he approach his baskets or the cobra which was sleeping in the sun. He came up to where I sat, and took a small paint rag of mine; he put it on the boy's head, and then shook it out, and gave it back to me. (I told you the boy's cap fitted tight to his head, and his head was shaved.) On went the whirl and yell, and, as before, stopped suddenly with a heaven- ascending shriek. He stepped up to the boy, and with his naked hand plucked out—where from?—a great cobra, which he flung straight at me. The brute struck me on the shoulder, and went shuddering down my leg, where it subsided on the ground, hissing heavily. I sat still and laughed. He laid the new cobra by the old one, put both in the basket, opened up all his cloths and baskets and things— there were two cobras now, and no more. Then he took my paint rag, laid it down against a pillar of the verandah, and went through the same music. When the music was exhausted, he walked to the rag, and plucked out a third cobra, which also greeted me in friendly wise. There were three now, we saw them all; but my friend said, "This won't do; he'll fill the place with snakes." 