THE NEW VERSION OF TBE SEW TESTA XEXTT. The following is a synopsis of the lecture delivered by the Rev. Alex. Hay, in the Pres byteruui Chnrcfa, last Friday night :— The appearance of a, New Veraon of the EngliehNev Teetament, pat forth with the united authority of a gnat body of schoUn, is an event of notable importance. Hie English Bible is by far the most widely circulated rdLame in the maid. Conies of it are multiplied year by fear in millions. It is, and has been, tbe most influential of all tiie factors that hare formed the character of tiie Anglo- Saxon race, n A «ely in the British isles, bat in that ' Greater Britain ' which embraces their colonies and dependencies, and, we might add, tiie United States themselves. As tbe history of tiie New Testament is the history of Christianity, eo tiie history of the English Bible is the history of the language and literature of tiie English people. The troths and principles which it teadiee have formed to a large extent their character, habits, lairs, and model of tbooght Tbe Sodisk Bible bu girea stability and strength to tiie langnage. Onr literature is vocal with tiie music of its ; grand ud simple rhythm, it has given their ' loftiest thoughts and their finest and pntest I dictum to oar best writers. There is do book j that has given rise to so vast and Taxied a ; litentntc^ in exposition, in commentary, in iilostnuon, in coabravefsy. The moeteartiest and powerful au&dfi;, rinf. amst AcconuiliEiied writeca, and the most eloquent epeakers. have for centuries been occupied with tbe great qoestums witii which Scriptare deals — man's origin, duty, and destiny, and his relation to the Unseen ^md the Bible is the grand centre of the battle ground on and around which «U the keenest struggle in defence and assault) has been carried on. There is* no book that is so closely linked with all that is sweetest and most sacred in our life, oar j family joye, and oar familv sorrows. There is | no other book in the world that has inspired { a like interest, and there is none that has produced each mighty effects. Potting aside then, for the moment, the claims of the Bible to be the record of divine | revelations, the appearance of the New Version | is, as I have eaid, a most notable event, and ' it is sorely worth oar while to give oar minds - for a little to the consideration of the j rjcestion why this New Version was needed* j and what is the character of tbe result that i has been reached in the effort to sapply this I want. Hie New Version has bees gi^en to the I world. Uitis rally, in the judgment of those ' competent to pronounce judgment, a decided j improvementon its predecessor, there cannot be , a donbt that it will, ere long, take its place, | Ef on the other hand, it is ultimately found to j be steadied be candour, it win fail to make good ! its place as a lineal descendant and rightful bear of tiie great historical versions or trans Lations that have preceded it the anthonsed rendon viU hold its own place against it The authorised version had its own place to win. It had two great rivals, the Genevas j Bible — a translation or version, of which ! Tyndall's Bible was the basis, made ?£ - Genera by the English circles there and pub- 1 li£hed in J5G0 ; and the Bishop's Bible, a translation madf* under the anspices of Arch bishop Parker and gfren to tibe world in 1368, Hie Bishop's Bible was the boot of the ' Cborch, but tbe Oenevan Bible was the book of tbe family and of the closet, and tiie ! faroarite of tiie people of all ranks. These | two Bibles divided between them possession of I the Bible reading and Church going English I people, whet the version of uelJ, our present ! authorised version appeared. But gradually ' and sorely the aatuoriaed version -woa its wav. The -;*Qcvan and the Bisbop's Bible soon ceased to be printed, and by and by came to i be regarded merely as historical relics of days ! gone bye Whether the new version shall achiere the same triumph remains to be seen, ; but that it will do eo if it is proved to be , worthy of such triumph cannot in these days be doubted for a moment. Veneration and ' affection for the very letter of scripture ie - undoubtedly strong in the minds of the older . members of tbe present generation ; bnt even \ with them reference for tbe ipiril of scripture is of far greater influence. Men are be-^inniiur to look tiiroturh the letter and to strive to n^ach tbe spirit uf God that animates H. Hitherto tbe man of learning alone carri&d; tbe golden key that unlocked the casket in which lay the treasure of divine truth. The ' New Version opens the casket even to ' the boy that drivetk the plough,' and thus tbe boast of \Vi3tiua Tynd«ll, spoken 330 years ago, i§ at length folfiJlei The first part of my task is to show the . need there was for a new revision of tbe Scripture. We shall be much helped in uo-l«r- aandinj* this if we glance over tbe history uf the New Testament as a mere book. Our present English Bible was poblieiied just 270 years ago. Daring this period tbe Lo^libh ' Langua*^e has undergone many changes ; words have gone oat of ose, and others have taken their place ; cot a Eew words have considerably changed their meaning. The Hebrew and | Ureek languages are now very much better ooderetood than they were at that period. ! Our knowledge of a large number of eubjects \ which throw light on the mesuiitt^ of Scxip- ; ton has, in the interval, been greatly ex- j tended ; and, perhaps, most important of all. we knaw orach better than people did 270 years ago, the vary word* tiai rafr written by EwgeUstB and ApostSMj Countless leaned men have, in the mtervjpp been deroting tbeir lives and enenjies to 8$ etndy of the Scriptures. The result has begpp' to &ow; that in tbe antboneed version then are many passages *di€Te the meaning of the original ie feebly, inadequately, or falsdy represented; that tiie langaage is in not a f ew places not only antiquated, bet obsolete in the senses in which words and phrases ate employed; and «be Greet from which we translation was nude was itself far from correct. Attempts have been made by not a few scholars to remedy the** defects by Bukmgnew tnnshiaom of Scripture, eitber i» whole or in part. The names of Bishop Lowth, Archbishop Xewcome. Dr. Blayney, ?ad Dr. Hendernm are associated with oew tzanslataona of the prophetical boobs of tte Old Testament. Drs. Campbell and lfac Knigbt, of Aberdeen and Edinburgh, gave to the world new tntoslations of the Gospels and gpisdea. Dr. Boothroyd, a learned iBdependent Minister at Ponsefract, published rnewtranelatioo of the whole Bible ; while ia very recent years revisions of tbe New Testament nave been given to tbe world fay Dean Alford and Dte. Jacob and tinea. These works, and many otbera of a similar land that micfet be named, nnging over the spread was the feetin? that our fiagiish BiUe, oobleand beautiful that it is, »nct what ft should be or might be, while tbe devo*t religions spirit so often conjoined with tb» highest scnolarjibip made men feet that to tench ewo a work of oar tune-honoured and sacred fiugltsh Scriptores mi akin to laying violent faaiulB on the work oi God. Bat devatioa to God's word, ia its highest sen* of devotion to God's trath at length pre vailed, and we have tbe sew version of &e; New Testament as the result -a result achieved only after tea. yeara of Cait^fal, earnest, aad loviog labour by the most compe tent scholars of all the churches in Britain and America ; men in whom the pnJblk might well place so great a trust Bnt to return. Let ws suppose we are called to make a new traoslatton or revi tsioa of the New Testament. How ane we to begin? Suppose yoa wanted to translate one of Shakespeare's plays into French. Every reader of Shakespeare knows that a graft boot editions of his works are CoH of mu tates, dozens of words in a single page being known to be different from those that Shalafi peare wrote. You must obtain tisen one «r more of those copies, wbiefa have been carefully printed and edited from the earliest editions, and which give, as Ear as can be ascertained, tine very words which came from tiie pen o£ Shakespeare. Yoa would not begin to tarn him into Ffesnch until you were quite enre what his words were in English, Io the translation or revision at the New Testament yoa mast begin in the same way. The New Testament was origisaliy written id Greek, and yoa must therefore provide yoaf self with a Greet Testament. Hundreds of editions and hundreds of thousands of copies of the Creek Testament have been printed ; bat no two of these edition* are exactly the same. Toe differences among them are very great aad nmaeroas. T^rac is a list of the differences that have been found by comparing four Greek Testaments with a fifth which contains what ? is called tbe received test. Tliie list occupies S4 clu&elr; printed octavo pages of 3 eolaaina each. It would not do therefore, to take op a Greek Testament by chance. We have Testaments by Aliori, Trogdles, Tischen dorf, Scboly, Griesback, Lackmann, Wetstetn, Qengel, and Hill, extending over a period of 200 years. They present wide differences; and yoa mast first of til try to discover which is the most correct, which, cornea xwsk* est to tbe words written by tbe sacred pec How are yoa to do this ? Let me again revert to my iUnstntion from Shakespeare, Of late yean great pains have been taken to discover the exact words which tbe great dramatist wrote when hia plays were first given to the world. Diligent search has been nude for the earliest editions of them, and from the examination and comparison of these the text of Shakespeare has been brought as near as possible to what it was when the poet gave his niajTeiloiis ira personations of ha man character to the world. We must do tiie same with the text of tbe Xew Testament. We most get back as near as possible to the times oi the Apostles, and seek oar text of the Kew Testament. Dot from tiie printed Greek Testament, bat from the manuscript copies of it, wfaicb have come dovra from tiie time tliat preceded the invention of printing. Our English translation of tbe New Testa ment was made from the Common or Ete cdved Tt=rt of the Greek. Tliie test u ae printed at Leyden by tbe Dutch prmttxs, tbe Elzkera, in 1G24. and 1033 The Klysian text v&s; an almost unaltered reprint of the ttreek TesUtnent of Robert Stephens, of Paris, in 15.10. Stefjhena again -lid little else- than reprint the but edition of tbt -ina;t. Testa.n»eDt of Erasmus, jjul»iishe4 is 1335, bifi tirst baviog been pabiulied in Ifrtii. Tii-rre was a BtiU earlier Gruck Teata tuvnt printed in 151 i at Conylutam or Alcala. in Spain, which formed tbe fifth volaaie of the Gomnlateutiian Polyglot — a copy of the Scriptures io Pehrew, Greek, and Latin, pro jected and superinleuded by Cardinal The pedigree of our standard, *«' received. text of the «ireek Testament, from wuioh the authorised version vras matiu, ^-mm back therefore to tliat of Erasmm of 1516. Bat wbtf-tf did Eiasmns gel the (ittyk test ?srbicli he printed ! The answer tbrowfa uu back into those earlier ages when the Bible *a* copied by hand. During tbe fifteen hundred yean that precxled the appearance -»f tb«se early ediuone the New Testament existed only in maauaenpt— in copies written by tbe band. Every one knows how difficult it iu to copy by tand, erea m single page of ? hook wiflumt AjHngums or roue mittataa. Word, are mi* MjM. twme m omitted, others ire repestaL ??Paps the writing is indistinct, and you any t-g»fe to write «mp words by gu«s. or yon '??t mere has bam a mistake, and you car- i rect it in toe copy. These are same of tbe ! mishaps Hut are constantly occurring when we copy by hand, n we copy from a copy, j the aecond cop; is almost rare to perpetuate ! tbe nmaktM of the first, and to hare others of Ha own ; a third copy made (rom tbe ocTyod^ooldalmMt certainly cODtainstiU other ? niBtafc.es. Tbe nearer therefore to the first ' copy, the fewer are the mistakes likely to be. ' A. manuscript copy, therefore, of a Gospel or I Epiotfc written in the fifteenth century would j probably be leas accurate than one written in ' tke tenth century ; and one written in the fourth or fifth century would probably be : far truer to tbe original than ehber. It is hardly necessary to ray that tbe original , letters of St. Paul, and the other Evangeliste have long ago perished. They may have been I written on parchment ; many think they were ! written on Egyptian paper, made of the deli- I cats akin of the papyrus plant ; they would | doubtless be well thumbed *c they passed - from hand to band to be read or copied, and ' tbe very diligence with which they were used maid efisure their speedy decay and dis appearance, it all ereate an very oldest , cam of wot part of the New Testament goes no : do farther back the foorUi eentnry. Now the manuscript need by Stephens for bis Greet Testament of 1550, did not exceed fifteen in ?umber, and those used by Erasmus for his edition of 1516, were even fewer, and ooue of their ntannwripte were, with one doubtful exception, older than the tenth centorv. ?Here was, therefore, a very high probability that, being so late, they woalu contain many ; emmeone readmgs, the accumulated mis- j ffalfffl of many successive copyings. This fans been found to be the case ! from the evidence of the many far I otder manuscript, which are now avanaUe. ! In the earliest of these Uncial USS. there j is no space between the words, nod eres paragraphs are but slighUy marked. Their pages, therefore, present the appearance of a Bible printed entirely in large and rude capital letters, without division of words, noses, or chapters. The manuscripts of the i whole portions of tbe New Testament ?lone, to which the learned have new access, ?amber over 1750. Of these 159 are what are oiled Uncial msimscriivtB, that in, wril&ea; in what we would call capital letters, thm mode of writing indicating an antiquity, ranging from the tenth century back to at least tie fourth. 1 These 199 Uncial MSS. bring us nearer to the ; times of tbe sacred w liters, and therefore nearer to the original copies of the Gospels and Epistles, than tbe MSS. which Erasmus employed, and from which the ordinary text of tbe Greek Testament was taken. The oldest of these MSS. also have been brought to light within the last 350 Tears. Three deserve special notice ; for their pre-eminent age and valoe. i They are the Vatican MS. preserved in the I Ubrary of the Vatican at Rsme. and belong ing to the middle of the fourth century ; the Alexandrian MS., now in the British Museum, winch must be assigned to the latter part of tbe same centory ; the Sinaitic MS., brought by tbe (Treat Tiscbenaorf in IS59 from the Monastry of St. Catherine, on Mount Sinai. 'Die date assigned to this MS. ranges fretn A.D. 350 to 450. With these might be men tioaed the Codex Ephrami, of tbe fifth century, in the fioyal Library at Paris, and tbe Codex Berne, of the sixth century, in tbe University library at Cambridge. The three former contain almost the whole of the New Testament. We have thus three special witnesses giving evidence, of peculiar value for its great antiquity, as to the words of Scripture within three hundred years of tbe days of the Apostles. The state of the case, tiien, is, — Instead of having, as Erasmus and Stephens had, only about a score of mana scrinte, rhe oldest only of the tenth century, we hare now about ISO older than that date, not to speak of 1600 of a later date, rnauv of them of great value. But MSS. are not'onr I only source of evidence for tbe original text of theGreek Scriptures. Tbe New Testament was written during the first four eentnries, I translated into the languages of Syria, Egypt, Ethiopia, Italy, and some neighbouring court tries. Copies of many of these translations or : versions, as they are called, have come down | to our tame, chief among them the Syriac ver sion made about the year lOfi, and the Latin or Vuljzate version made by Jerome about the - year 3S2, which is still the only authorised ! form of Holy Scripture used by the Church of Borne. From these early Syriac, Latir, and other versions we can infer what were the i Greek words in the mannsuintfrom which the versions were made. The Vatican, Aiexan- I drian, and Sinaitie manuBcripts are not older than tbe year 359 ; but the Syriac shows os | what were the words of the Gospels and Epis- I ties at the end of the first century, and tire \ earliest Latin at a period not much later. I There is still another quarter from which I we may gather most important evidence as to I the very words of Holy Scripture. These are the quotations from Scripture which occur in the writings of the fathers of the Church, from ?the end of the first to the end of the fifth cen Kcry. It was vitfain this period that Justin scfartyr, Irenaens, Tertullian, dement, Ittigeo, Cyprian, Jerome, Chrysostum, and Augustine nourished. The works of these early Christian writers abound in quotations from the Scriptures of tlie of the Old and New Testaments ; and so New Testament could be reproduced from them with tile exception of a small number of verses. They often quote from memory, as we do; but very many of their quotations have evidently been transcribed from tbe boots of Scripture lying before them. When a quotation is made directly from a book, it ssrvw to show what are the wards ia'fba* book, nase more exact quotations of Scrip ton that appear in die Fatten Una testify to the very words of tbe copies of Scripture I which they used. I Now, I must remind you that oar Aatho- ! rised Version was translated from tbe text of Erasmus and Robert Stephens, and that they had between them nut more than about a score of MSS. none of them old. from which to draw their text. Even in 1611, when tbe Authorised Version was pubhsbed, nothing was known of the Vatican, Alexandrian, or Sinaitie MSS. The ancient translations and the quotations in the Fathers bad scarcely | been thought of as sources of information. During these 270 years, however, a succession | of great scholars on tbe Continent and is England have been engaged in examining all these authorities. Vast collections of various readings have been made. Editions of the Greek Testament hire been published, giving the text as corrected sad amended, according to the views of their respective editors. Tischendor! spent his life in search ing for, comparing and publishing MSS. and be crowned his work by publishing an edition of tbe Greek Testament, Riving his idea of what the text should be. Tbe late Dr. Alford, Dean of Canterbury, left a like great work as a legacy to the Church, and Dr. S. P. Tragelles may be said to have closed his days in putting tbe finishing touches to an edition of the Greek Testament which had been the work of about 40 years of his life. What then has been tbe result? There have found from 150,000 to 200,080 readings 4i€ercat from those in the coonoon Greek Testament. This seems at first sight stupendous and alarming, bat only at first sight. Of this vast host of various readings, all but a thousand or two are matters of accent, orspelluig, or tbe order ai words and such lite. They no mare affect tbe sense titan the spelling of honour without a U, or the onunissiou to cross a T,. or to put a dot over an i. Toe various readings which are of any moment affect only abent seven words on tiie average in each chapter, and even these are mostly such as these. 'Jesus Christ' for 'Christ Jesus:' 'Lord 'for 'God' or for 'Christ ;' ' he said ' for ' Jesus said ;' and tbe exchange of ** saith, ' ' said, ' ' answered,' and 'sai-! ' for one another. Variations such as these leave the sense untoocheri. The varieties of reading which affect any of the usual proof passages of the Christian doc trioe may be counted on tbe fingers, and they leave Hie doctrine involved sufficiently proved from other parts of Scripture. Hie changes that have been made may be classed under two main heads— first, these that affect the Greek text ; and those that affect merely the translation of that text. Among the changes that effect tha.teit of the Greek from which the translation ib made, the omissions evidently first claim our attention ; and tbe first that falls to be mentioned is one which has been a great surprise to very many. I refer to the omission of tbe doiolngy— -'' For &ine; is the kingdom and tbe power and the glory,' from the Lord's prayer. The careful reader of the Gospels most hare observed that this prayer as given by Matthew has tbe doxology, and as given by Luke wants it. Tbe same diversity exists in tbe English Prayer Book. The prayer is used first with, and then without, the doiology, at both morning and evening service ; and in both cases in a form taken from one of tbe older translations, u trespasses ' being used for 'debts.' Tbe principal change, then, in the prayer is the omission of the domlojcy. and the substi tution of the 'evil one n for 'evil,' tbe Utter certainly being a very questionable improvement. In Matthew tie prayer now readB thus: 'Oar Father, which art in Heaven, Hallowed be Thy name ; Thy King dom come ; Thy wQl be done, as in Heaven, so is earth ; Give us this day our dafly bread ; and forgive us our debts, as we also have forgiven out debtors. And lead as not into temptation, but deliver us from tbe evil one.' In Luke it is rtO! farther shortened,— ' Father, hallowed he Thy name ; Thy King dom come ; Give us day by day our daily bread. And forgive us our sins, for we our selves also forgive every one that is indebted to as. And bring us not into temptation.' These variations, whether rightdy admitted or not, clearly confirm the belief that the facts of our Lord's ministry, and the words of ITis teaching, must have been handed down by were committed to writing. It was not to be expected that every word, even of so memorable a prayer as this, would, be remembered with perfect exactness. Each disciple would use it with peculiar verbal varieties of his own. But how came the doxotagy to find ita way into the text, since the weight of the most ancient authori ties is decidedly against it ? The answer is simple. Litargical, or fixed forms of prayer and praise came into use in the eburcb at a very early period, and this doiology. evinently borrowed from David's grand outburst of praise in I. Chron., 29, 12, 'Thine, O Lord, is tbe greatness, and the power, and tbe glory, and the victory and the majesty,' came to be added to the Lord's prayer used in j pabiic worship, just as in the English Church i service of the present day the reading or chanting of each Psalm is closed with the doiology, Glory be to tbe Father and to the Son. fcc. The doxology, by-and-bye, began to be written on tbe margins of copies of the Gospels alongside of the prayer itself, and before long it was introduced into tiie text, later copyists fancying from seeing it in the margin that it was an omission of their predecessors. There can be no doubt that the doxology is a beautiful and noble close to this divine prayer, and there is no reason why we should not add it either in pub lic or private worship; bat when the question is not what may be properly em ployed in worship, but what was really written by Matthew and Lake, we are bound to admit nothing but what the evidence before as sanctions. I gat notice an omission , which baa been* EMt taFOtaUlB CO OOssaBntOa^aton ssmaH DTOBrfllKn. Tbis appeal* ?* Jdtai 5, 2, ' Ko« thoe ia in Jems-Jem by the sheep jute (Ute tetter Tenderms for aheap awM) * pool witicfe is caSed in Hebrew BetbestU bavin? fi*e porches. In th«e lay a gnat araHitade of them thai «m «scfc -impateiit fct&) fated, \ bait, vi&erei.;' Tbe wortfe tbit follow are omitted— ** waiting for the nevmg of the wtfter, for an an^d went down at a. certain season into the pool, ami trmtUed tbe water . whosoever then first, after die troubling of the water, *teppe4 in wms ende whole of vfaataoew &*e*se be had.' Here. ?£*». the weight of all the roost ancient authorities is opposed to the retention of these words. How, (hen. amid the? ha?e got into the text ? Tbe explanation seeane to be this. There was a fooDtain near Jenwalen, vhicfa was catied the Fotiatau) at the Virgin, wfaooe mtas did nut flow coutiraogaly, fait Mi iaterrals, hence tbe troabtifig of the waters.' The JewG ?ntperstitxoasly attributed as healing power to this tronHing, ascribing it to tbe work of as angel, and the reference to this soperstttiao was, no doubt, origniallj a. note on the margin, in wbieh some reader tried to account for the viek people being congregated in the porches beside tbe pool. The removal of this passage from out New Testament I mmt regard as a great service done by the revisers, were it only far the sate of patting an end tn the ridieoloos attempts that have been made to explain it. One actually eappnaeri that all the blood and oSal frwn the court of the temple where the eaeri and that tbe moving of the waters «-*.« the starr ing up of tlic festering mass that bad settled at tbe bottom. Is it any wonder that there are aeoSers when tmefa things are gracely said or writtea in explanation of Scriptm* ? I must pass by the ornxsrom in Acts VIH, 32, where ssdoabtedlj a rery early baptisms} lor mala b*e crept from the margin into the text, and call your attention to an omission wfaicb is of far greater moment. This is the passant at I John, v., 7, S, which speaks of the three heavenly witaesaeB — ' Farther* are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, tbe Ward, and the Holy Ghost ; and these three are one.'' These words are now left otft ; as well aa tbe wonts ' on earth ' in tbe verse that follows. When in tbe year 1516 Erasmus pah* lished hie Greek Testament, he left out this verse, as he did oat fioti it in any of dozen or so of MAS., late thou?b these were that be .possessed. Tbe oait salon was received wilh a. storm of indignation, for was not this verse in the Laitin Vulgate— the Bible of the Church of Rome ? Erasmus replied that be would not insert them. onksE HSS authority could be shown for them ; but could even one M-S. be pro duced containing them be would do so. It was net till bis fifth edition that he inserted the words, and then ooly to fulfil his promise ; for they had been found ro one MS., a very late one, which is bow in the University library at Dublin. Afl *noent a&thoritT; is against it, and it has been consigned to otter oblivion, do Longer to be quoted aod preached from by ignorant people as the grottod-proof text for tbe doctrine of tbe Trinity— a doctrine which by no means fails to the grotmd because this baseless btttoeee has been taken away. There are many other omissions of shorter phrases and prominent words, bnt time will not allow as to notice them. Those who have devoted their minda to the investigation and settlement of the Greek text of tbe New Testament have often tbe greatest difficulty in deciding whether a particular passage on#bt to be in tbe text or not Some «f the oldest MSS. are in favour, others are against ; and tbe text requires to be held by a very steady and delicate hand. There are very many snch passages noted in the margin of the New Version, all however, except two, of very secondary importance. These two *re of each moment that the revisers, instead of leaving them out altogether, have inserted them with a break in the text, and a note calling atten tion to their donbtfnl character. The first of the two consists of the last eleven verses of the Gospel by Mart. Two of the rery oldest MSS. omit this passage, though one of them leaves a blank space large enootih to bold it, and we have tbe express testimony of high authorities among the Fathers that it was not in (rhe best copies of their day. It has this peculiarity about it, that it contains seventeen words which are not found elsewhere in Mart. Tbeaeceptedtbeoryis that it may be regarded as of Apostolic origin, though perhaps- not from the pen of Hark himself. Not less canons is the history of tbe famous passage in John VTL 53— VETi. II. which contains the account of tbe woman taken in adoltery. There is no more perplexing question than that of tbe irennineness of this passage. The oldv^st MSS, the oldest Versions, and m^t of the Fathers omit it ; many other authorities mark it as doubtful, though inserting it. yet there ran easily be Been to be reasons wiry it might be left oat of the Gospel. Indeed, JLngnstine gays that some people of weak minds removed it oat of their copies, because it seemed that permission to sin.' Other Fathers clearly indicate that the passage was regarded as dangerous in its tendency. The question most ever remain a doubtful one, and tbe Revisers have acted wisely in inserting it, though as donbtfnL John tells as that the world itself coold not contain the boobs that might be written about tbe life of jeans, and this passage may well have been one of those traditional stories of the life of Jesus, not inserted in the earliest copy of. the Gospel by John, bat rescued from oblivion *t a later time. I cannot avoid qnoting die words of Canoe Faxror regarding it. 'It n strange that any one ahonld have failed to see that ia the ray of mercy which thus etrearaed from heaves upon the wretched tanner, the ba assayed an aspect tenfold nun hetaoes, tenfatd more repulsive to the conscience of ww1''^. to every «enari«Bee which accept* it «a a law of lii^tbMrtBh^oUatrivetobe holy m God is holy, and pweae He is pan/* I ban (pokes of fan Aief ewssione. aad of the chief passages which m the sew V«nra an marked as-dombtfuL There ie another very large eba of pa-mgei in which tbe Seviwn have adopted, other readings tram those which. stand in tbe ordinary Greek Testament, and which tlwefore require a different word a the new Version. Of these.1 ebaU refer to only two or three. Our Revisers have altered a passage which has always been invested with very great im portance is tbe proof of tbe divinity of tbe Lord Jesus, I. Timothy. 3, 16, 'God was manifest in tbe flesh, justified in the spirit. seen of angela. preached u&otu; the Gestilea. believed on in tbe world, reeeivtd mp into glory. ' The new version has it thus : — -' Without contawersy great is tbe iu«,Ht-ai of Oodlraees, He who was manifest, &c.;' The difBcaity about this pannage arises ost of the fact that the word for '*rbo' and tbe common eostractioiB for the word u God ' looked very much much alike in tbe ancient MSS.. and in some of them it is impofieiUe to say which is meant. The great prcpondereⅇ of evidence, bow-ever, is ia favour of *' who ;' and thus, doubtless, it win bt read in the fotore. Bat what of tbe great doctrine— Che divinity of per Lord — for which thin has been so often quoted ♦ This is one of those nsneroas eases in which very marked changes have left toe truths of oar faith just where they were, firm and unmove abLa as the Bock of Ages on which they rect. I have selected these examples of changes in tbe original Greek, and consequently in tbe Eociish Translation, as appearing in passages whieh are generally familiar, aod as especially fitted to illustrate that part of ray subject which I cao overtake this evening ; for the subject of tbe correction and trnpravement of I the Authorised Version, where no chsns* was ! required in tbe Greek, is a subject so wide as to furbish most ample and interesting material | for another lecture, which I porv«ee giving ai I an early date, lleauwbile if I have enabled i any of my audience to understand more I clear, y why a New Version »s retfoired* I | shall £eel that in preparing and firing this i lecture, my labour has not been hi vain. 