The Reviewer. The New Version of the New Testament. AT last, after eleven years of unremitting labour by a company of the most learned men who could be found willing to devote themselves to so great a work, a revision of the Authorised Version of the New Testament baa been com pleted and published from the University Press at Oxford. It is part of the revision of the Holy Scriptures as a whole which may shortly be expected to be accomplished. No greater literary work than this could have been under* taken, none in which those who speak the English language coald have been more deeply interested. So thoroughly penetrated indeed has English literature been with the language of the authorised version of the Soriptures that it seems almost a desecration to touch what has so long been sanctioned. For many generations have the words of these Soriptures beoome so familiar that a new version of the Bible would seem to convey to our sensibilities a shock almost as great as would be conveyed by the announcement of a new version of Milton or of Shakspeare. Even its defects have beoome so associated with the whole body of English literature that any altera tion seems to be a violation of historical senti ment. If the style be archaic, if the translation fails even to express the most subtle shades of the original Greek-Hebrew, has it not yet acquired a kind of sanctity by associa tion alone, independent altogether of its historical value f Snoh feelings must survive for many years. A new version of the Scriptures can scarcely be for those who speak the English language what the old has been. As well might we expect to realise in bizarre revivals of Gothic architecture the mature dignity and mysterious beauty which still clings to the great fabrics of York, of Westminster, of Amiens, or of Rouen. For centuries these English Scriptures of the Old and New Testament have been like well-used weapons, cherished all the more for their imperfections. But modern scholarship is exacting. It is not now sufficient that learned men should be familiar with the dead languages from which these Soriptures are derived. The Scriptures, as translated into the "vulgar tongue," must be vulgar no longer. They must be as accurate translations as they well can be, fashioned though they be on the old-fashioned lines of the authorised version. It is some five-and-twenty years since a strong movement in this direction had set in. Familiar to us as the translation of the Soriptures is which was dedicated to the " the most high and mighty James," who was King, not only of Great Britain, but of France and Ireland, it is, after all, only a modern version as compared with its antique originals. The Soriptures no doubt had done their work in the far distant ages, remnants as they were of the primitive eras of faith. They lived on through the dim learning of medieval history. Almost altogether obscured for many generations, how stirring and almost romantic is the story of their revival! The new learning came, and with it came the discovery of these Scriptures. It was like the discovery of a hidden treasure of which all traces almost had been lost. Entering into the labours of Erasmus, Tyndal made his translations of the ancient writings. What a new light they threw upon life 1 Secretly circu lated they were read with avidity, in spite of authoritative repression. Defective as this trans lation was, it did its work. It prepared the way for more translations. There were bibles great and little—bibles for bishops, and bibles for the people. The King, a rebel to Papal authority, while for bidding by public proclamation the public reading, graciously permitted the lieges to do so quietly, reverently, and secretly, for their instruction, at such times and places as might be convenient. Thus it went on for some years, Coverdale's Bible being issued in 1598. For the next thirty years, duriag the reign of Edward VI., the reign of Mary, and the first twelve yean of Elisabeth's reign, the Bishop's Bible and the Geneva Bible divided the popular sympathies, the majority leaning to the Geneva version. Then in 1571 Convocation made a decree that there should be a great bible in every bishop's palace, as well as in every cathedral and pariah church. Later on still, after James suc ceeded, Convocation again declared that every churchwarden should supply his parish with a Great Bible— compliitimi voluminit. Bhortly after came the present Authorised Version, which has kept its ground well, though a bill to authorise a revision was introduced into the Commons during the Long Parliament It did not pass, however, and now, after a lapse of 270 yean, we have a portion of the revised edition, which in every respect is more complete and more accurate than any version which has pre ceded it The first meeting of the New Testament Com pany was held on the 22nd of June, 1870, at the Jerusalem Chamber, Westminster Abbey, under the presidency of Dr. Ellioott, the Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol. Shortly after, under sanction of Convocation, the Westminster Com pany, under the presidency of the Bishop of Gloucester, through the intervention of Bishop Wilberforee, of Oxford, and Dean Stanley, placed themselves in communication with certain learned men in America, who formed themselves into two committees for the purpose of reviewing the work as it was revised in England. This cor respondence was commenced at the latter end of 1871, and was continued uninterruptedly till the dose of the work. The differences between the companies, as organised in England and America, did not amount to many, and these, at the request of the American revisers, are appended in the form of a list of readings and renderings which was prepared by them. As a sample of these may be quoted the three first: —" 1. Btrike out S (».«., Saint) from the title of the gospels and from the heading of the pages. 2\. Strike out ' the Apostle' from the title of the Pauline Epistles, and of 'Paul the Apostle' from the title of the Epistle to the Hebrews. 3. For 'Holy Ghost' adopt uniformly the rendering ' Holy Spirit.'" The ruleß laid down aa a guide to the reviaen were aa follows :— L To introduce as few alterations at possible in the text of the Authorised Venion coutistently with faith fulness. 2\. To limit, as far as possible, the expression of such alterations to the language of the Authorised and earlier Engliih Version* S. Each company to go twice over the portion to be revised, once provisionally, the second time finally, and on principles of Toting as hereinafter is provided. 4\. That the text to be adopted be that for whioh the evidence is decidedly preponderating; and that when the text bo adopted differs from that from whioh the Autbo* rised Venion was made, the alteration be indicated in the margin. 5\. To make or retain no change in the text on the second final revision by each Company except two-thirds of those present approve of the same, but on the first revision to deolde by simple majorities. 6\. In every case of proposed alteration that-saay have given rise to discussion, to defer the voting thereupon till the next meeting, whensoever the same shall be re quired by one-third of those present at the meeting, such intended vote to be announced in the notioe for the next meeting. 7\. To revise the headingsof chapters, pages, paragraphs, italics, and punctuation. 8\. To refer, on the part of each Company, when con sidered desirable, to divines-, scholars, and literary men, whether at home or abroad, for their opinions. There were 407 meetings of the Westminster Company, the chairman attending 405, and the average attendance was 16 out of a company of 24. The version is prefaced by a full statement from the revisers setting out the character of their work, the authority under which they acted, together with other particulars under the headings of Text, Translation, Language, and Marginal Notes. A work thus carried out by learned men, whose learning is universally al lowed, ib almost beyond criticism—certainly be yond any criticism which can here be bestowed on it. As a sample of results, and of the venion as we now find it, let us take the following :— The two verses, the 7th and Bth of the first chapter of John, are omitted. They have, it seems, been universally regarded aa spurious, and they now disappear altogether from the text The Lord'B Prayer, as given in the 11th chapter of St. Luke, now runs thus :—" Father— Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Give us day by day our daily bread. And for give us our sins ; for we ourselves also forgive every one that is indebted to us. And bring us not into temptation." And again in the other version of the same prayer, as given in the Sermon on the Mount, the concluding petition runs :—" And bring ua not into temptation, but deliver us from the Evil One." Speaking of this particular passage, and of the criticism which he seems to anticipate, Dr. Ellicott says :—" In all more difficult passages we have even given especial heed to the great early versions and to the voice, wherever it could be heard in the same language as that which we were translating, of primitive and patriotic antiquity. In many of these pas sages it will be found that we are but reproduc ing that which had always been the interpreta tion of the best and earliest writers of the Greek speaking Primitive Church. We thus sought to tread the old paths as well as the new, and, while never neglecting modern scholarship, have never reversed old interpretations without such a clear amount of contextual or linguistic authority at rendered suoh a reversal a matter of distinct and indisputable faithfulness." It need scarcely be said, perhaps, that so far as the Church of England is concerned the New Version of the New Testament will not at present take the place of the Authorised Version. It is indeed only a part of the whole work now under revision. When that is completed the whole will, no doubt, be brought under the proper authori ties for consideration. But the public itself must tosomeextent be accustomed to the change before it can be usefully adopted. Indeed it is by no means improbable that non-conforming church bodies will be found more willing to adopt it than the Church of England herself. Under any circumstances some years will probably elapse before this great work is accepted as the authori tative version for use in churches. Thi Home of Mark Twain.—ln a reoent letter from Hartford, Conn., to the Burlington (Iowa) Havikeye, Mr. R J. Burdette writes :— "I think I have never been in a home more beautifully home-like than this palace of the king of humourists. The surrounding* of the home are beautiful, and ita quaint architecture, broad East Indian porticoes, the Greek patterns in mosaic in the dark-red brick walls, attract and charm the attention and good taste of the passer* by, for the borne, inside and out, is the perfection of exquisite taste and harmony. But, with all ita architectural beauty and originality, the elegance of its interior finish and decorations, the greatest charm about the house is the atmos* phere of homelikeness that pervades it, Charm* ingly as he can entertain thousands of people at a time from the platform, Mr. Clemen* is even a more perfect entertainer in his home. The brightest and best sides of his nature shine out at his fireside. The humour and drollery that sparkle in hia conversation are as utterly unaffected and natural as sunlight Indeed, I don't believe that he knows or thinks that most of his talk before the sparkling fire, up in the pleasant retirement of his billiard-room study, is market* able merchandise worth so much a page to the publishers, but it is. And it is not all drollery and humour. He is so earnest that his earnest ness charms you fully as much as his brighter flashes, and once in a while there is in his voice an inflection of wonderful pathos, so touched with melancholy that you look into the kind earnest eyes to Bee what thought has touched his voice. And he has a heart as big as his body. I believe there does not live a man more thoroughly un selfish and self-forgetful. Two little girls and a boy baby, bright-eyed, good-tempered, and with a full head of hair as brown as his father's, assist Mrs. Clemens to fill the heart of the reigning humourist, and they do it most completely. Personally, Mr. Clemens is, perhaps, a little above the medium height, of good symmetrical physique, brown hair, scarcely touohed with grey, that curls over a high white forehead ; friendship in bis eyes, hearty cordiality in the grasp of a well-shaped white hand, strong enough and heavy enough to be a manly hand ; his age is 40-something, and he looks 85 ; in the evening, 'after the lamps are lighted,' his face has a wonderfully boyish look, and he love* a good cigar even better than Qrant does." 