'ROMAN CATHOLIC FABLES— CALLED "TRUTHS." (From the Press.) The all-powerful engine for sweeping away folly is ridicule. The Church of llome is so absorbed in her own presumption and conceit that she fails to recognise the fact that a public exposition of her teaching must cause her to be , stamped out amongst the nations' sooner or later. We all have heard, and somo of us know, how ' grossly obscene is her confessional. Wc also Church teaching "truths," and nothing else but "truths." Few, however, know the nature of these "truths." The stories told by Baron Munchausen, as well as the nursery tale in rhyme of St. Dunstan having pulled the devil by the noBe, are as true as the following, which are selected from Roman Catholic prayer books and other religious woilcs published under the authority of saints, cardinals, bishops, &c.; Cardinal Manning has made himself personally responsible for the truth of the two iirst tales here given, and which are taken from a book styled "The Treasury of Prayer," specially complied as " A Manuel of Devotion," for the use of the frequenters of the Oratory at Brompton, dedicated tp St. Phillip Neri. With the alleged " truth " of the other tales is coupled the names of the late Cardinal Wiseman and a Roman Catholic Archbishop of Dublin, Dr. Murray, and many others ; we may, indeed, say all others, for Roman Catholic ecclesiastics support each other, and must do so under pain of mortal sin. Saint Alfonso Maria Liguori, who was in the flesh one hundred years ago, haB left on record some ' 1 truths " which we may believe if we like, but Roman Catholic saintB are evidently peculiar people. 1\. The heart of St. Phillip Neri had grown so large by fervent devotion to tho Almighty, that the Holy Ghost enlarged his chest to contain it. 2\. That our Lord Himself told St. Mary Magdalen, of Pazzi, to visit him thirty-three times every day. 3\. St. Veronica appeared before the judgment seat of Christ, introduced by her guardian angel. His countenance was severe as He re proached her ; but the urgent, entreaties of " Mary " — " the B. V.M." — softened His heart, and He dismissed her with a tender embrace. 4\. A hermit had been guilty of a wicked thought, and having a high reputation for sanctity was afraid to confess it. After death and burial he got out of his grave and lay on the ground looking like red-hot iron, emitting sparks. This occurred no less than three times in succession. At length the priest interrogated the red-hot dead hermit,- who replied that he could not remain quiet in his grave because, while alive on earth, he had omitted to confess the one little sin. He then confessed it, was again buried, and has been in peace and quiet ever since. 5\. The dwelling-house of "Mary and Joseph" was carried by angels through the air from Palestine and placed in Dalmatia. Three years afterwards the angels removed it to a- wood belonging to a lady near; Picenum ; it then moved itself to the top of. a hill und became the scene of signs, wonders, and miracles. C. A horse lent to the Pope , to ride felt the degradation ever atterwaras .ot.naving otners on his back,, so invariably ' kicked them off. At last the owner, after many hasty falls, made the horse 'a present to the Vicar of Christ, he being the only person the horse would condescend to carry. 7\. A lady concealed a sin many years, and, on confessing it, serpents were seen to go in : and out of her mouth ; but there was one : large, horrible-looking serpent which only showed its head. She died suddenly, and after- : wards appeanog to her confessor, said . God , had . struck lier dead for having neglected to confess. The : earth immediately opened and swallowed her up into licll. . Saint Alphouso.Liguori had the gift of beiug in two or more places at one and the same tithe. Rain ceased at' his desire, and when lie walked eventbrough a' downpour the raih-drops avoided him, so that he never got wet. 1 9\. People' suffering from stomach-ache, even of If ' six years' duration, "7 were cured by. two threads of Saint Liguori's old coat applied to the seat|of pain. 10\. A woman had au abscess cut from her breast and was dying, but a picture of St, Liguori was shown to her. She also drank a glasB of water in which a small patch of his coat had been steeped, and then fell asleep. On awaking she was quite well, and even the part cut away was restored. 11\. A man esteemed good, but made bad con fessions, when dying breathed forth his soul into the hands of. the devil,, tearing his tongue in pieces and howling. At the moment of death there was a frightful noise, the. body became like a cinder, and the. room filled with an intolerable stench. - 12\. The angel Gabriel called one afternoon on Saint Frances and Saint Teresa, . and escorted them, on a. visit to the Great Devil, in. hell. A description of their journey will take a letter as long as this one, and with your permission shall follow it. : : ; :,r. :/ About thirty years ago J; H. Newman, now a cardinal, but then a priest of the Oratory at Brompton, delivered nine lectures at that insti tution, the -subject being, " How Curious and rUrifeeiihg'it is' that Protestants despise'Papiats." >' He could" nbt': understand it. ' " For," said he, ' " we. are.so., single-minded, our. motives so pure, and bur truth so .unquestionable, 7 &c.; Perhaps these' few fables, called "truths," selected from many hundred similar, may en lighten him that the stories and inventions of .; .bygone ages,- contrived by Roman Catholic priest craft for enslayiiig. tiie i ignorant, are not fit for School Boardchildreheven of tho present day, who know, better than to listen to such nonscn- sicalteaching. Ab a guaranteo that these fables are from ; Roman'Catholio publicationsjiinder the'authority of the Church, I enclose you 'my card. A. B. C. - Five .thousand five., hundred, signatures have . ..been given in three days to the petition to. have an unofficial professional opinion on the rival .-' claims of. the Kenny Hill and Prospect Water Supply. 