CHINESE SKETCHES. BY "THE VAGABOND." No. VII. I had been enabled to find out very little concerning the present state of the Chinese army. In the settlements it was generally derided as of no account, and one gentleman gravely informed me that the municipal volunteer force of 206 rank and file would be able to dispose of any army the empire could send against them. It is this daring, confi- dent, Anglo-Saxon self-reliance which has done such great things in the world, but on the other hand what disasters it has caused. In the city, armed soldiers appear to be sedulously kept out of sight. Mr. Stripling, however, told me of two fortified camps in the country to which Europeans are not ad- mitted. One was reputed to contain 2,000 men, the other 4,000. He gave me directions how to reach these, so one afternoon M. and I start as a committee of inpection. We leave the Bund at the French quarters ; pass down the Rue du Consulat ; pass houses of many stories high, reminding one of the Boulevard Hausmann—a striking contrast to the two-storied buildings in the English and American quarters of Shanghai; pass a number of drink- ing places with English signs; pass shops with English names, and notices of English goods. This is French Town, but there are very few Gallic establishments. Anglo-Saxon supremacy is established even here. That good hostelry, the Hotel des Colonies, is an exception, but the proprietor of this is a Swiss. There are the usual number of Chinese stores and workshops en route until we reach the Hotel de Ville, a very fine building. The walls of the native city are visible through all the side streets until we come to a creek which bounds the settle- ments, about a mile and a half from the Bund. The traveller must not fail to inspect the Ningpo Joss-house, close by here. It is a sort of "Scots' Church" of the settlements. Here the special saint of that port, under the auspices of Buddha, watches over the worship of his followers. The great curiosity is the number of coffins piled up con- taining the bodies of departed Ningpoans, waiting until sufficient accumulate to make up a full cargo to the natal place of the defunct ones, The Parisian who gushes about his beloved France means Paris ; the provincial the pays to which he belongs. So with the Celestial. He not only loves his country as a whole, but that par- ticular portion of it in which he first saw the light. But we have not time to linger here, M., staunch Wesleyan, is getting "full" of joss-houses, and rebukes my enthusiasm in the cause of Buddha, and coffins we have seen in plenty. Turning to the left along the road by the side of the creek, we come to a crowd of natives surrounding two canvas gunyahs, made of very old cloth. Patched and torn, these still afford some protection from the rays of the sun. A noise of cymbals and of voices raised in declamation attracts us. We cry "Manman!" ("Stop!") An old Celestial is in the centre of the largest throng. His properties are a bench, a table, a fan, and a pair of cymbals. It may be dramatic poetry, or some humourous tale which he is reciting. With raised voice he orates, turning round to each side of his audience, taking short steps backwards and forwards, and clanging the cymbals after each period. Perhaps this "business" is his chief stock-in-trade. Simple and foolish as it looks, it is not more so than that which often procures the success of some favourite comedian. In the other tent the storyteller is a younger man. He is quietly sitting down ; he has no properties, but his gestures are animated and his delivery good. I should say that he was a fluent and even graceful speaker. I have seen no honourable member in the colonies whose outward manner and tones of voice are so good as this ragged storyteller's. This is the largest gathering I have yet seen. Evidently these men are popular performers, who "pitch" in this open space where there is room for a large audience, and they can attract the country people coming in and out of the settlements. They may be partners or rivals. For a time I take great pleasure in watching the audience. All ages, from grey- haired men to mere children, are present. The greatest attention is paid, and studying their features, I see the different emotions excited by the orator. Surprise, however, and amusement are plainly visible. Vicariously, I enjoy this performance. These people at home are indeed "child-like"—very different from the impressive Arabs who, 20 years ago, I mingled with in the coffee divans around the Esbekieh listening to the wonderful legends of old Egypt. We drive on down this suburban road, where the deep ruts soon show that we are outside the municipality. The French autho- rities do not, like the English and American, spend much, if anything, in providing good drives outside their territory. To the left are the city walls, which here look particularly old and worn, as if the concussion of a dis- charge of artillery would blow them down, even as those of Jericho fell before the row raised by the military bands of Joshua. Towers are erected at intervals, pierced for artillery, but if any very heavy piece was mounted on these I certainly think the recoil would bring down the place. I think one would at a fair distance be safer before than beside the guns. The extraordinary thing is that no one is ever seen in these towers—that there is no sign of life on the walls, which might belong to a ruined and deserted city. Also, there is no sign of defence, still less of offence ; but I had read in the morning's paper that the Taotai had sent by yesterday's mail £40,000 to Europe to buy ammunition of war for this district. Inquiring as to what would be done with this, Europeans had told me it possibly was for the gunboats, or to fire off in salutes, or for powder to make fire- works of. People here know and care little for the strength and resources of the Chinese army; they are as ignorant as of the Russian fortifi- cations at Petropaulovski and Vladiffstock, from which some day troops in fast steamers may sail to lay waste the shipping and commerce of Australia, and occupy its chief cities. The moat outside the wall is here filled up with reeds and rushes ; the straggling suburbs are dingy and dirty. We pass many tea-houses of a cheap class, a distillery of samshu, and more joss-houses. By the number of these, one would think the Chinese to be the most religious people in the world ; but then they don't cost much to keep up. Away over the fields are clusters of mud houses, surrounded by diminutive hayricks and paddocks, con- taining horses and cattle. The buffalo humps of these latter arouse my companion's ire, but to me they seem in accordance with the entourage. In the distance the red roof of the Catholic mission peeps through the trees. We cross a creek over an ordinary flat bridge in the American style. But, side by side, is an old state arch, as useless apparently for ordinary purposes as those we built models of with wooden bricks in our youth. Certainly, no provision was made for wheeled vehicles on most of the native roads. The bridges are first approached by two or three steps, and without the curve is so great that our wheels would come to grief over the unpro- tected sides. But the real roads of the empire in this region are canals, and country paths and bridges were meant only for humble foot passengers and the palankeens of the wealthy. Now an open country road is before us lined with trees. On each side are vegetable gardens ; paths lead through these into the fields in all directions. This seems to be the greatest highway around the settlement ; it is the old road to and from the native city. Numbers of natives are passing backwards and forwards, and wheelbarrows are plenti- ful. Three or four beggar women sit by the roadside. They mostly have children, but all are fat and well fed, as their nude limbs testify. The babies arouse my companion's admiration. Nothing is more unfortunate to a bachelor than to be afflicted with the society of a married man fond of babies. The way they gush about their own is disgusting, as they are such secondary parties in the whole affair. M. empties his pockets of cash, and has to fall back upon five-cent pieces. The news seemed to fly around that a foreign devil millionaire is on the road, for we are followed by an army of children who run after us with outstretched hands and Chinese appeals of "Give." M. explains that he has no more small money, that his pockets are quite empty, but as this is all English to them, they persist. Then I turn round, and chill their childish faces with horror with one of my terrible contortions. Just after this, however, we meet with a strange customer, who fetches me to the extent of five cents. With a wayworn hag- gard look, staring straight before him, un- conscious of surrounding things, he comes down the road and passes us, apparently oblivious of our presence. Then I call a halt, and right wheel our jinricshas go round and bail up the live curiosity. His dress is of that yellow tinge affected by the priests ; there is nothing particular in this, but one's attention is struck by the large copper dagger thrust through his cheeks and between his jaws. On each side this is secured by large rings which fall below the mouth. Many bangles of jade are on his arms, a sort of rosary hangs from his sash, and in front at his waist is a jade bowl, with a "Joss" head carved over the mouth. It is either a money box, or where he keeps his fine-cut. It looks suspiciously emblematical of "the smallest offerings thankfully received." A holy man this, performing some vow or penance like unto that of the vegetarian Nebuchadnezzar, for his finger-nails are four inches long. They must be greatly in the way when he tries to wash himself, which is the reason perhaps that he appears never to perform that operation. I ask him what is his "pigeon"—little game, business, lay. He opens his mouth, shows a good tongue and a fine set of grinders, and shakes his head. Pat says he is under a vow not to speak. Then he shows us that the copper dagger is moveable, and can be taken out. Any Solomon Islander knows that to make a hole through the cheek is not a very painful operation, and perhaps this pious fraud takes the dagger out at night and eats and drinks freely, otherwise he must live chiefly by suction. His actions are far more intelligible to me than the best-spoken Chinese. He clasps his nails, bends his knees, and makes me squirm with such a look that I waste five cents as afore- said. He is worth it as a show, but also to get rid of him. Two cash would have done this, but five cents is too much to give any Chinese loafer. It inspires them with a desire for more. We drive away re- joicing, when suddenly this fakeer appears like a ghost, running at my elbow, appealing with the same look. It won't work twice, and he is repulsed. Again and again he turns up between our jinricshas, and inter- rupts my conversation. At last I raise my umbrella threateningly, and call on the gods to rid me of this nuisance. Frightened, the fakeer subsides on his knees in the dust, and again clasping his nails, I believe solemnly curses me in the name of Confucius, Buddha, and all the Holy, Pious, and Wise Ones. M. begins to get impatient, and suggests that I have lost the way. I have the plan of the country, as described by Inspector Strip- ling, photographed in my brain, but one country path is very much like another. Shortly we come to a European house, built in the French style. Some native servants are at the gate, and I try to obtain some information. To my inquiries in English, "pigeon" dialect, and French, they reply, "No sabe," and as I don't sabe their Chi- nese, I have to trust to my own judgment, and direct the procession over a wooden bridge across a creek and along a narrow path between the paddy fields. The city walls are just seen in the distance. Enclosed native country houses stand in the fields, surrounded by clumps of trees, The path is paved in places, and we pass many wheel- barrows carrying Chinese women going home. This leads somewhere, so I disregard the intimation that there is nothing now in all this, that it is no use going further, and cry, "En avant." Shortly the high walls of a large mansion are seen ; round their blank sides we skirt. Like the ancient kingdom, a Chinese country gentleman shuts himself out from all the world. Behind the strong gates here might be the palace of the Sleeping Beauty. The inscription upon these may give the owner's name, or be of the salve or cave canem type. Now I see that I am right. In the midst of all the vegetation and cultivation, partly concealed by accident or design, are a number of low breastworks, serving as admirable defences for batteries or skirmishers. A little farther, and behind thickly-planted trees, we see the high earthen walls of a fort. The design to hide these is evident, as at a short distance one can only see a copse of trees. It may be that the Taotai, or viceroy of the proviuce, thought that in its nakedness this would be an ugly sight in the midst of peaceful culti- vation, or that it was intended to imitate the Bois outside Paris ; but here, evidently, is real strength, to which the old brick walls of the native city are feeble. As we approach a broad moat is seen. Some huts, occupied by camp followers, are on one side of the road, and opposite the gate of the fort is a mob of idlers gathered around a linen screen, painted blue, with many strange figures thereon, which would be very attrac- tive outside a booth in an English fair. A man in an orange blouse, ornamented with heiroglyphics, is passing through the gates. "Come on," I cry; and jumping out of our jinricshas with an air of authority, we pass the sentry, who seems too much astonished to stop us. We are fairly inside and walking along a broad stone pathway when a soldier cleaning a Snider tolls us to stop. At least, that is what I suppose he means, as when we refuse to take any notice, he and two or three others come after us, and shaking their heads, oppose our further progress. Thanks to my coolness—unkind people call it by another name—we had advanced into the main street of the fort or camp. One man explained by signs that we conld not pass without an order from the Taotai. Then I produce a card with my name written thereon. "Chit," I say, pointing around in a lofty manner, as of one who would intimate that this bit of paste- board placed them and the fort entirely at our disposal. This staggered them ; they closely examine the card, consult together, and then agree that we must go to the Man- darin, which is the only word I can make out. A few paces further, and the sergeant ushers us into a small cottage of two rooms, the outer containing a hideous picture of some ancient warrior, and a plain table and chairs. The inner one is well furnished in the Chinese manner, and on a couch there a young man is sleeping. He jumps up at once on being aroused, but appears very seedy, and on two or three others entering the room subsides to sleep again, leaving us in their hands. A crowd is round us now, and an immense chattering goes on. They evidently don't know as to whether we should be beheaded at once or kicked out. Then a nice- featured young man of higher rank evidently pushes his way through. The card is handed to him ; he politely "chin- chins" us, and motions us to be seated. Then we shake hands all around, and the conversation commences. I try our new friend, whom I christen "the Major," in a variety of tongues—English, French, German, Spanish, Welsh, and Fijian. He replies to everything in what I am willing to suppose is the purest Mandarin Chinese. I point to the pasteboard, and intimate by sign language, to which we at last resort, that empowered by this we must see the Fort. He looks at it and seems puzzled. M. meanwhile is endeavouring to explain that we come from the colonies, and produces a recent number of The Australasian Sketcher to show where we belong to. This fetches them! The officers crowd around to look at the cuts of the Melbourne Exhibition, and the Major gives way. He intimates that he will show us round, and politely leads me on to the ramparts, followed by M. in the midst of the captains, lieutenants, and ensigns, all trying to find out somewhat respecting the illustrations of The Sketcher. We mount the walls by steps ; there is a broad path at the top ; the ramparts are a man's height. M., who, as a practical man, is a judge of these things, tells me the walls are 18ft. high and 50ft. thick at their base. The work is excellently well done, and of a character which arouses his admiration. Sentry-boxes of bamboos and mud are passed at intervals. Formed in a square, the ramparts are in the corners pierced for artillery. Over the walls the surrounding country is dimly seen beyond the beds and moat. Outside are some higher earthworks for great guns a la Mount Valerien. We walk all around the enclosure, which M. tells me is 20 acres in extent. All the way the Major and myself converse pleasantly and amicably, not knowing one word of what each other says. I hope he is interested. He knows, however, the English and French words of command, and shouldering my umbrella, I go through the exercise at his orders, greatly to the admiration of his men below, who laugh and applaud. The centre of the fort is occupied by a number of low mud houses with thatched roofs ; each contains a certain number of men. A few are cleaning their sniders, belts, and cartridge-pouches, but the majority ap- pear to be asleep inside. Some we see polish- ing light steel spades, which by a strap are carried over their backs—most useful addi- tions to a soldier's accoutrements here. In this country a company of men could in a short time easily throw up a temporary breast- work. What strikes us first as the most ex- traordinary thing is that there are no uni- forms, no military pomp and display. The major, the captains, and the lieutenants are all in ordinary white linen blouses. Then I remem- ber that this is mourning for the Empress's death. The soldiers have a sort of undress blue blouse, with figures—their regimental numbers, probably—thereon, Some seem to have decorations ; and soldierly neatness, order, and cleanliness is in each visible, although I admit that in their "continuations" they rather resemble some of the armies of Spanish- Amerian Republics. The quarters of the privates are all around just inside the walls. In the centre of these are larger buildings, court-yards for parade, and even gardens. Some wells have been sunk ; and with fireproof casements, which could be easily constructed, one could stand a long siege here. Having made the circuit we descend. I look into some of the huts, they are much more comfortable and leas crowded than ordinary Chinese residences. The guard which has followed us, marching under- neath the wall, is dismissed. The Major "chin-chins" us along the main path or street. We notice now the great neatness and cleanliness here. Gathered on each side there is not a sign of dirt. It is said that Colonel Gordon taught the Chinese the value of earthworks, and he also taught them, no doubt, the necessity of cleanliness in their camps. The scavenger is at work here daily. The cottages in the main street, which would be a wide road in a native city, are evidently officers' quarters. It leads to a high arched gateway, surmounted by a flag-pole, which is to-day without a banner. In the arch are a drum, some old battle-axes, spears, and scythes or machetes, mounted on staves. There are many inscriptions on the walls—head- quarters, evidently. The courtyard into which we pass is paved with stones. The building in front has glass doors and win- dows. The Major escorts us inside, and we are introduced to a throng of colonels and generals, who "chin-chin" and shake hands. This is the state reception-room of the camp. On a divan are two elaborate carved chairs, to which we are ushered ; the only two raised seats in the room. We would decline the honour, but our host insists. A large room this ; the woodwork highly polished, with allegorical personages in fighting costume dis- played on the walls, a divan where one might sleep off the effect of opium, and behind us some high bronze statues, antique and valu- able—an effective background, if our own artist had been on the spot to sketch us sitting in our glory. Now the caucus com- mences. The captains and lieutenants have been left in the outer court, and the colonel and generals have their innings. A brisk conversation takes place on the same terms as before, and my Fijian appears to be much admired. All present are in mourning or mufti. Shortly, tea and cigars are brought, the latter very good indeed, and we refresh ourselves. One old colonel, a rough-looking veteran of many campaigns, keeps a watchful eye on me. I think he imagines that I am a spy. I fancy he looks like one who has risen from the ranks. He has more of a Tartar type of face than the mild fair features of the Major. Two nice childen are brought in to see the "foreign devils;" they are brother and sister. The pretty little girl is half scared at being brought to the front to shake hands with us, but is satisfied when given The Sketcher. This has gone the rounds inside, and there appears to be a general idea that there is a connexion be- tween M. and that journal, which insures him much favour. He wants to give the little girl half a dollar, but the action is stopped at once by the Major, who explains that she is "Mandarin." It will be seen that the little ladies and gentlemen of China are as well brought up as our own. These children are evidently the pets of the officers. With those of the General I become very friendly, and the Major specially attaches himself to me. Their politeness cannot be surpassed. I unintentionally wave my handkerchief, fanning myself on account of the closeness. A word, and all range to left and right, leaving a clear space before us. We sit like two Mandarins, with the colonels, generals, and majors, on each side of us, with a view through the window across the court to the gateway. M. says if they were all in uniform the effect would be complete. We may be an object of curiosity to them, but their courtesy, after our impertinent intrusion, could not be exceeded by members of the most civilised nation. I question if under the same circumstances we should anywhere else but in China have met with such treatment. At last we think it time to depart. We shake hands and "chin-chin" all round. The Major escorts us across the court-yard. Through the open doors on each side of this I notice simple furniture and ap- pointments, such as become a soldier. I do not suppose Chinese officers are very rich, even if they get their pay regularly. We part from the Major with effusion at the first gallery, he handing us over to one of the cap- tains, who takes us to the outer gate. The crowd outside seem surprised that we should be allowed to escape thus, and I notice a considerable extra degree of respect in Pat's demeanour. I shall be very glad to meet the Major, and all the other mandarins, again. If they are as brave as they are polite, no better men will ever take the field. And we should acknowledge the bravery of this race, and not stigmatise its members as cowardly because, individually, their courage is not of the rude, boisterous Anglo-Saxon type. When the first Chinese war in 1842 crowned Great Britain with such a number of cheap victories, it was not because their opponents were cowards. But how could gongs and gingals compete with our western arms and discipline? The historian of "Our Own Times" says :—"Their women or their children might just as well have attempted to encounter our soldiers. With all the bravery which the Chinese often displayed there was something pitiful, pathetic, ludi- crous in the simple and child-like attempts which they made to carry on the war." Eigh- teen years later, when the English and French gunboats attempted to force the passage of the Pei-ho, and were at first repulsed with great loss, the Chinese did not show them- selves cowards. Since then they have learned much—the teachings of Ward, Gordon, and the American and English officers have not been lost. In their contempt for death, in the philosophy with which they will bear de- feat, they are not surpassed. The soldiers I see here are all men of good physique, their officers are gentlemen and intelligent. This is only the smallest of the two fortified camps. They are both now. What does their presence signify? I ask friends in the settlement, and they say, "It is a menace to us, and ought not to be allowed." But how is it to be stopped? And should war break out, of what avail would any force of men or guns from the ships of war in harbour be against these earth forts? I sadly think of the possibilities, and regret that the treaty powers have not any further defence for their subjects established here than consulate- flags, stray gunboats, and the Shanghai volunteer army of 206. Events have shown that this mild people will sometimes rise to a pitch of ungovernable fury and cruelty, which their rulers cannot always check. It is but little more than 10 years since the massacres of the French priests and sisters at Tien- Tsin. France had affairs on hand at home then, and it passed over without any international complication arising. But when I am told by residents of that city of the outrages com- mitted on those Christians who fell martyrs, I feel like the American captain who sailed into the fight at the Taku Forts, that "blood is thicker than water." I cannot help think- ing that all this wealth in the foreign settle- ments at Shanghai, with all the luxury and beauty of the Bubbling Wells Road, is an unstable thing. There is money-making and feasting on the edge of a volcano. The fires are latent. Let us hope they may remain so ; that the yellow flag may never be raised in a war waged against the "foreign devils." Of course, at present, the end would be the same as before, but I would not like any dear to me to be in this municipality of Shanghai if they broke out. 