rest fo the wicked. I waa watching the praeecdlegs ol the Houee ol Lords one evenlug last wsrk, whsa litre wns a discussion upon Lord Dnnrnvon's mo tion to throw open national mnseumi and niutura galleries on Sunda.a. n'.isrn wm. Dompirotlvtlynpcnkldg, n lsrgo nttondauco ol Feere, but anything moro- depressing thin having to malio a Bpeeoh In this go.'geous obnmbsr It Is difficult to aonoelve. Its area muet be nbout ono-thlrd larger than that ol the House ol Commons, whilst it is almost twice »s high, A Eeer tn hh roboj— Intt oomiat ol « rod valval olosk, wbloh disolosee beneath it modern vi si men ts — la not a parilonlxtly impo:- Ing eight, bnt fifty cralxty l',!er»,witSout thsir ribes, lolling on benches calcul.tod ti aooom- modnto live or six hundred persons, ia even still l;ss Imposing, Nor Is tbls heightened by n FiOI' Dhfinrtrillnis tn n tular iianautnramln>< > red rttoman wltb o red ousulon bshlad aim, whiob I presume Is tho woolsack to whioh snob frequent rafereuao Is made. Toe only Poors who look tho port aro tbe Bishops, who havo to go through tho Iongtby prooers of donning lawn boforj they entsr tbo stored predict! of the Upper Houso. In tho Honse of G >mmins there bus been lately a good deal ol dlscuesion nbont rules ol debate. Tho Peers hive no rniee. Tbe L ri Chancellor, except that ho has a wig and a red anshl: a, Ib their cqnal. Wben two Foe s rise at the same time, thoy bob nod bow to eaob other, unt 1 ono of them, tlrod ot this exercise, resumes his seat. But II— as Is occasionally tho oass— both rva equally oh. stlnato, the House divides upou the question as to whloh cl tbo two Is to be heirl, Wuon speaking, they do not nddrors the occupant of the Woolsack, but Interlard tboir observations with nnmeroui 'My Lords.' As three form a quornm, most of tboir bnslnes- Is transacted In tae prosencs ol about hall u dozen, and It mnat bo important businc.'s Indeed— au at tick upon land, rabbiti, or somstblng equal1; vital to tho Constitution — which prevents thom from Irenklng up In timo lor dinner. Ou tbo evening lhati wns piesout tho otteodanoo nse nbnormslly lirge, Lord Shaltaabury was epssklng when'I entired, Hie Lirdohlp Is weighed down with tho thought that the spirit of vent ration la dlenppocrlng, and thcreloro ho 'suggested, with curious w'uut of logic, tint Its roanpeeranco should bs encouraged by con tinuing to oloso Museums aud FictucLGnllorlas on Sunday?. It tbls bu not dono, he appre hends tbnt Buckingham Falaoa w.ll bo aural down, for bas not tho Louvre Gallery InParls been open on S 'ndays for many yoxrs, and have not tha Tuiltrlea bean burnt to tha groutd? Tbo oonneotlon'.betireeu these ton fact) li ao obvious, that hla Lordship did not think It worth wbllo trwasto tlmo In pointing It ont, On his rasnmlng hla scat, ha was fol lowed by tha Duke ot S jmerset, a very I; re verent nohlemsn, and ns olever as he Is iu'v verent, 111b GrnoB hardly oomes up in »p' pearnnoe to tho ideal of a Duke ; indeed no ono would take him lor one. He made o>nel Bport ol Lird Shnltesbnry's spocoh.aud talked r. oonshh ruble amount ol common sonsc. Then the Archbisbop of G-rnterhury felt It Inonm. bent npou blm to exprcsa bis viuws upon tho question ; too Archbishop la — aesthetl- orl y — o sncoess. Ha Is n portly pralat?. wlth a well-fed fnas, nnd bngbnlv or refully rrr.mgod to foil on bfn neck— In foot precistly the sort of Avohblshop which auyena would evolve frim his morel conealonsnEsi, I have nn abject rovcrmca for all grandees — lay aud clfrloal— othirwlss I should bare said that tto oratory of tbls emluont diviuo wns nnotnouaulnptrrp. Ho doslt In tho boldest nsjd'tionr, from tho habit ot Bpeaklng whin no ono may arswor him. Wot only w nld many persona be deprived ot their holiday, who wonld bo r qultod ti maintain order In muBFuma and galbrl-a, but oabmcn would lie employed to .oonvey t:io frequont-rs of mueeums and galleilos to and fro. Wo arc, bo softly said, a sedate people, Let no not beoorao frivolous I'ke the Freuob, He loved working men ; hs wished them to acjoy themselves on Sundays In Bstterssa and Victoria Fatkr, bnt euoh frivolity no wonld be Involved In looking at plotoras or tho acllcotlen of a museum, was oarrvlng die- slputlon a little too far. Then, onroli friend —I wan anxloudy awaiting It— Ibo tuln edge oi Uio wedge, was trotted oat. ' ' Oaoe open museumB, my Lurdr, and nothing osn prevent tho opening of theatres.' And tha Arohbiehop resumed his seut, alter ilranihg a Bplrlted bat somewhat Imaginary eketoh ot London with thousands and thousands of its Inhabitants (looking on Snnclay ovorlnga to see a ferae played by Mr Tools, aphs soul danoed by Mlrs Kate Vaugban, or a song warbled by Miss Monroe. The Archbishop was taken In.haud by, Lord Rosobery— a speak, r who,' I should fanoy mmt regret everyday the dispensation of ProvldsDoo tbat bas doomed blm' to tbo House ot Lcrd, lot hts »tl» wonld niat'.qtaally.: Monro blm tbo err of tbe H ine of 0 unnioos. Ho aommonood by saying that ho hoi oot .In tended to nddrofs their Lirdsxlna that even- lug on flnnouncemefl> whiab Dd ra j, from tba result ol exporleaoo of thesa cxordlam3. to ex- peot that he would deliver an oration whloh be bad lount by hoart. It turned out, how ever, that ho really was not indulging In a rbeto.ioal hgnr.-, (or bis oba.rva- tlons wera direct replies to what bad fallen f rom tha. Archbishop sedfrom Lord a'alealmry, ntcrmlrcd with .epigrams that TW r nl CiI lQ P?'ht »nd ol?pu,lteness, I ud 03 ?nd, lh Duko 01 A'gyl both use, asd after a mluuto or two pstsod in bobb- ng, tuo iittir yielded to tbe former. It bas been suld wltb aims truth tbnt most of tho Ohnr.oGlore that havo In Utot years hold tbs seals bavo born dh'.inenlahtd'for the"? , pl'ty and their, absence of 1-gal knowiedgo. Lord ualrna lB n spcolmcnol thedootoh typo of ptoly. Ho not nnfreqaently preaches blmsell, nnd be Is in tha habit of giving ts psrtlos, nt whloh aplrltnol ns wall as mstorlol food la provided for hla guests, Tbo argument of this woitiry mon w.e tbia;-ProleBsor Tyndal reooutly dsMvored a laotare, tn whloh ho denied tha Divine origin ol a portion of what Is teemsd Soriptnrsl truth; tborefore, bo did not regard Sunday as a Divine Inetilutloa; 11 we open museums and gsllerlos ou Sunday, we easll question tbo Divine institution of that day, nod, ooossquontly, also question tbo Divine ? u. < ®crH'turea, To open suoh places tnjvefotp, 'a ondeovor to destroy tha Christian religion; In fact, Ibis a thing wbloh only Atheists could support. Atler thla contribution Lord Granville use— than whom a better man to olosa a debate doea not live. Ho is so plausible, so car Gill not to aay anything to proloog it, and so very compllmaaiary, Ho prulned every one, particularly llono who hsd spoken ogslnot tho r<silutIon. for which, with many draorential nnainoi . h» nnrionnced that ho ehoold vote, But tho M Galium Mora waa not going to allow a brand new Conservative Earl of Saotob ex- "" t0 Is#d his Irllow oountrym-n north of tbe Tweed tj enpnoso that Llbersl Dukes #I1iIJ!"',JulltJ1,.e,ns"' t0 malnt.lu the eaootlty ol tie hav, bath a3 Conssrvotlvo EstU. Ho rohoed tho acntlments ol tha Arahhishop, In deed ho tramped them.' Tho Dnke ol Argyll Is endowed by natnro with nbuodout hair, and tbla bo shook— as though Itwerstbs gory looi-s a-Bsnqno's ghost— at his broioot of Bom'rseL Tbey wets both trnsiceu of tho Brlti?h Mnoeum, and ho must potest ngalnet anything that wonld binder tho attendants o! that InutitutloQ fi'ora to ohutoh over? hnoday, raosnlnr, noon, and night, Ho out- Cfllmeed Lord OuIiijb, Tha Duko had been to Germany and aeen tsowe mon V7ci kln.; on San- day at repairing the oulsida of a obnrob. nnd no w»aconviDocd tlist iffchi ma»cura3 rr-vj opened on that day, evo»y ona In tbo metro- polla would ropair tj the exterior of churches, Infltean ofstiinmider soma minlfiter insliia them Then, with a far/ wu Ja /rum Lwd Dar I'Avtv, wbosa Bpeeoh on proposing hla re solution I was fc jo Into to hen, bat whloh I was tela wao botb atrong la argument and flxccllent in taste, the debafci flfliuo fcj an cud, Thhty-four voted for 5bc rcsolujloa and foelr- ono ngalnat j eo It waa 1 t, Lat ue hope that a resolution of tho nfcara of that propuaed by Lard Danrfcven will pvjvo more suoo8fl.3fuHn the Houao of Oom- op?; There ero ready only two nrgumentp that hi Id water aaralnafc Ifc— fcao ' Sabbatar'a «pd ibo 1 day of rest.' If It bo Admitted that tbe former ba true, fcjciu la nothing to bs said »alnst a cellgona dogma, It is abovo human reasoning. If the Utter bo true, and II wo ought to mlDlmlsa In every Inttanoo labor on bunday, thon ws oahfc not ti perailt irafra to tut, or caba to circuhtf, aad wo cugbt to olose evin public porki and pleasure-ernuds, Take, lor Inotanoo.Hamp. ton Court Gardens. Oo Sundava vaatorowda from tho meu- jpolla visit tbem, Tnay go in trains sud omnlbnse?, ttui obliging many Individuals to lobar. In tho gardens thsrs ore, too, gnir I nils, who aro deprived uf their day olrest. All these pnsins work lo crdsr that others may make bolldny.Now.what Is a pictura gallery ; IVlo a ?..sco under a roof, along tbo walls of wblob thote nro pictures, Tboto Is no dilfcreuoe between It anil a park exoept tbat the ono is covered avt r and the other Is not. Let anyo.ue ask blmsell tha prlnolpla bo dlatlDgulshes between tha employment of several bundred persons to onsblo tbonsandi ta look at tho llowero and the tries nt Hampton Court, and tbo employment of somo half dozen persons to enabla Ihe aanie thouicda to look at pictures In Trafalgar aquaie. Eutb tcvolvo tbe aftcrlfioa of fcbo time o! the few for the bsuofifc of tbe muDy, 01 course, the open-' Lg of publlo gullerfes and muieum would a raply ba Aeligbt additional expense. Probably 1 If the employes these placoa wore pMd for AnnddUioml half day, they would willingly agree So saorifioe tbls half day, and one b»lf of tbem might bo on duty on Sunday movo- Jng, and tha othir half on Snaoay afternooo, Tonfc tbei opening of tbeutfes on Sunday would fallow ai a accessary oontequsnos la the prreat assumption. Th6atrju ar j private spoculhtloDB, aud tbe law wbloh forblda money to be taken at the doers of suoh places oa Snodays Is based upon vtry diJerant grounds to fcaoen whiob now hinder the open ing cf publlo gall'jtlES and rauaeums gratia, Phn Enif'.h la (hu nn nnHtu _>> _ , MU uuua UUUtHUtffi nil Lilt) arguments ol the opDonents ol LirJ Dan- raven's resolution. Tboy fancy that the on- tlrs community Is rlivided isto two classes ; tboso who pass Sundays in ohiu-ob, and those who pass It lu tha publlohousc. As a milter of faof, many a London artisan gets up late on &uud;»y ; be goes out, whilst Lie wlfo cleans up ; on his return be rondo his newspaper, and then he dines, II It bo fins woither, ho takes at Lou with bis family, acmes homo ta snp- per, again reads bis newspaper, and goes to bed. When It Is wot, ho has to remain within doors iluo -eutlre day# Now, cau anyone l-ensonably nBsir; that It would uot ba n groat nnd a uselul boon to saoh a man to bo nble to go with bis family to a muaauta or a pio.ura EAllery 7 In Older tr soouro to him and those of his class this boon, surely it would ho worth while to pay pothaps fitly employes r. lair ealsry for half a day's work. Iu B ruilngbam, publlo museums, plotn ro gall rles and libraries arsop-n on Sunday. Tboy .are l.-rg ly fre- qnerted on that day by tbo sttisio class, wltb consld'ritls advantage. ' Tiiopnriod is not las dbtaxt when the samo will be the ansa in London, and I venture ti soy that we ehall then be surprised that ths alteration was not made aooaer.— ' 'Atlas' in Trx th, . 