City Police Court. THURSDAY, December 23. BEFORE the police-magistrate and Colonel Ross, J.P. CRIMINAL ASSAULT.—David Hall was brought up, on remand, charged with having, on the 9th in- atant, committed a criminal assault on LU Bister in -law, Marian Hall The case having been closed on either side, Mr. Rutledge addressed the bench on behalf of his client The whole of the evidence taken in the case was read over to the prisoner, who was then committed for trial at the next sittings of the Supreme Court, com mencing on March 21. Btil was allowed—the aooused in £100, and two sureties of £50 each. Maintenance—Letitia Bonfield v. Michael Bonfield. Mr. Appel appeared for the defendant In this cue the evidence showed that on the 13th instant the defendant appeared before -the bench to answer a charge of having deserted his wife and child. The bench, after hearing evi dence, ordered the defendant to pay 18s. 6d. per week towards his wife and child's maintenance for a period of twelve months, and further ordered him to enter into recognisances and find two sureties. Mr. Appel now applied to have that order varied so far as the recognisance and sureties were concerned, and as a reason stated that the defendant had used every means in his power to obtain the securities but had failed, and was consequently unable to pay hie wife any thing, he being confined in gaol. The bench granted the application, and ordered the release of the defendant Largest.—Riohard Hinds surrendered to his bail upon the charge of having, on the 17th instant, stolen a number of books of the value of between £14 and £15, the property of one Herbert Allard. Several witnesses were examined in support of the charge, and their evidence went to show that Herbert Allard left the house in which he was living in Ann- street, Fortitude Valley, at half past 11 o'clock on the morning of the 17th instant; the books in question were then in the house. He returned in the afternoon, and found that the books had been removed. On the same day the accused took the books to the pawn shop of Mr. S. Phillips, and pledged them for the sum of 80s., and said they were hia property. The accused was further re manded till Tuesday for the production of further eridenoe. He wa« allowed UU-himseU in £50, and one surety of £40. Before Colonel Row and Mr. Oowley, JJ.P. Child Desertion.—BUm Reid summoned Alfred Reid for having deserted his illegitimate child. The defendant did notf appear, and a war rant waa ordered to be issued for his arrest Assault.—John Cripps pleaded guilty to having assaulted one Henry Jacobs, and was fined £2, together with 6s. 4d. costs of court, or in default of payment seven days' imprisonment Fbidat, Dkcxmber 24. Before the police-magistrate and Mr. C. Spry J.P., John M'Cann was brought up on remand oharged with having violently assaulted one Donald M'Lennan. Sergeant Owens conducted the prosecution. From the evidence adduced in support of the charge, it appeared1 that between 7 and 8 o'clock on Thursday morning M'Lennan went into M'Gutre's boarding-house fn Mar garet-atreet, for the purpose of saying good-bye to two male acquaintances j the accused met him at the door and said, "You won't enter this door," at the same time striking him several blows across the head, and once across the arm, when witness raised It to protect hia head, with a square piece of wood about 2ft long; M'Len nan gave him no provocation to cause him to commit the assault complained of ; aooused after wards struck M'Lennan on the head with a shell, inflioting several severe woiinds. Moses Ward, chemist, stated that he 'examined M'Lennan's head on Tburada , and found that there were five wounds on it—one on the forehead about 1 Jin. in length, and penetrating to the b me, which was laid bare ; on each side of this cut there was a wound of a smaller character. There were also two deep wounds on the top of the head about 2in. apart, and another on the side not quite bo deep. He (witness) was of opinion that those wounds had been inflicted by a blunt instrument; be did not consider them dangerous in themselves, but if not properly attended to erysipelas might set in. Sergeant Owens here dosed the case for the prosecution, and the prisoner called several witnesses for his defence. Their evidence, how ever, did not affect the case in any way, and the bench sentenced the prisoner to two months' imprisonment with hard labor, without the option of a fine. John C. Sexton was charged, under the Dog Act, with having stolen a black and tan terrier, the property of Charles Adams. Sergeant Owens prosecuted, and Mr. Swanwiok, instructed by Mr. Norris, appeared on behalf of the prisoner. Two witnesses were examined in support of the charge, and from their evidence it appeared that Adams was on duty last Wednesday morning, about half-post 6 o'clock, and the dog in question was then with him. He missed it about 7 o'clock that morning, and on Thursday accom panied constable Byrne, who was provided with a search warrant, to the house where prisoner lives, at the South Pine River. He thore saw the dog in the possession of the prisoner. Constable Byrne arrested prisoner upon the charge of having Btolen the dog, and in answer to the charge prisoner stated that the dog bad followed him from town. When this evidence had been taken the prisoner was remanded till Tuesday, and ad mitted to bail on his own recognizance of £5. Tuesday, December 28. Before the police-magistrate and Messrs. J. Forayth, C. Spry, and A. S. Cowley, JJ.P. Violent Assault.—Michael Finucan was charged with having, on the 27th December, violently assaulted James Webb. Sergeant Owens prosecuted. Four witnesses were exa mined, and from their evidence it appeared that about noon on the day in question Webb, who resides on the opposite side of the Btreet to prisoner's shop, which is situated at the corner of Leichbardt and Warry streets, went over to the defendant's house, in consequence of something he was told ; when he had proceeded at fur as the footpath opposite the defondaut's hhop be wa-* fltrnck on the head with a hard substance, which staggered him and caused him to fall on his knees. Mary Webb was at this time standing on Jamsa Webb's verandah, and aaw the accused throw something like a weight afc James Webb, and strike him on the forehead. Dr. Purcell stated he had examined Webb on Monday, at the request of the police ; he aaw that a out nearly l§ip. in length had been inflicted on Webb's head, just above the temple ; a Btnall artery had been severed, and the wound bled very freely ; the wound waa a dangerous one, and, in bin opinion, had been inflicted with a blunt instrument such as the 21b. weight produced in court. When these facU had been elicited the accused waa remanded until Friday for the production of further evi dence. Oeorge Hawkins was charged with having, early on the morning of the 25th December, violently assaulted one Anne Daveniah. Sergeant Owens prosecuted, and Mr. RuHedge, instructed by Messrs. Wilaon and Wilson, appeared for the accused. Constable Morley gave evidence to the effect that while on duty near the Caxton Hotel, between 1 and half-past 1 o'clock on Saturday morning, he heard cries of "murder," and a woman, whom he afterwards found out was Anne Daveniah, came running up to him from the back of the Caxton Hotel; she made a complaint to him, and was in an excited state; blood was flowing from her face and side of the head ; witness then accompanied her into the back yard of the Caxton Hotel; she then pointed to the accused and said, " I have been to the Caxton Hotel to try and get some beer. I have been working all day. I was coming back again when he (pointing to accused) came up to me, and attempted to tnke liberties with me. I resisted, and he struck me several times on the head and bands ;" witness thon informed the accused that he was about to arrext him upon the charge of seriously assaulting the woman Davenish ; prisoner, who held an iron bar in his hand, resisted violently, and hit the constable severely on the breast. With the assistance of constable Proctor, he eventually succeeded in taking the prisoner to the watchhouse. Accused was remanded until Friday, and was allowed bail, himself in £20 and one surety of £10. Vagrancy.—Charles Barton, convicted of having no lawful means of support, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labor. Jean Lafonte, one of the New Caledonian escapees who recently landed at Frazer'a Island with five others is an open boat, was brought up on » charge of vagrancy. Mr. Kean (from the Crown Solicitor's office) appeared for the prose cution, and Mr. Swanwick, instructed by Mr. Norris, for the prisoner. Mr. Kean stated that a telegram had just been received by the police stating that a warrant had been issued for the prisoner's apprehension, charging him with a felony, and he (Mr. Kean) had no objection to the prisoner being discharged as far as the pro sent charge was concerned. The prisoner was accordingly discharged. Larceny.—Edward Brennan was charged with having stolen a hammer and silver teaspoon, valued at 55., the property of Arthur E. Halloran. Three witnesses were examined, but the evidence adduced by them not being sufficient to sub stantiate the charge, the prisoner was discharged. Richard Hinds was charged with having stolen a number of books, valued at from £14 to £15, the property of Herbert Allard. Some further evi dence was taken, and the accused was then com mitted for trial at the next sittings of the Southern District Court, to be held in Brisbane. Bail was allowed—himself in £50 and two sureties of £40 each. I Wednesday, : December 29. Before the police-magistrate and Messrs. A. S. Cowley, A. R. Jones, and C. Spry, JJ.P., several persons for drunkenness, and others for disorderly conduct, were dealt with in the usual manner; and Susan Hagerty, for behaving in a riotous and disorderly manner in a public street, wan sen tenced V> fourteen days' imprisonment. Honry Moran, for attempting to rescue a prisoner from the custcjfly of the police, was fined £1, to be recovered by » levy and distress, or in default, twenty-four hours in the cells. John Ljghtfoot, a frequent offender, was found guilty of having stolen an umbrella of the value of 201. from the hall of Dr. Hancock's hous», and wah sentenced to six months' impri sonment with hard labor. Henry Robert* but rendered to his bail in answer to the charge of having stolen an overcoat from the British Em pire Hotel, the property of one J. A. Brown. Sergeant Owcdb prosecuted, and Mr. Sheridan appeared for the accused. Some further evi dence was adduced in support of the charge, and the accused was remanded till this day in order that the police might bring for ward evidenco in regard to th« value of the stolen article. John Charles Sexton surrendered to his bail to answer tbo charge of having stolen a bkek-aud-tan terrier dug, the property of Charles Adams. Sergeant Owens prosecuted, aud Mr. Swanwick, instructtd by Mr. Norris, appeared for the accused. The ad ditioual cvi ence of Alexander Smith, who de posed to seeing the accused entice the dog in question away from a butcher's shop, was taken, uud Charles Adams was recalled. Sergeant Owens then closed his case, and the prisoner waa acquitted, there not being sufficient evidence to substantiate the charge. Jean Lafointe was brought up charged with having, on the 28th instant, assaulted the police, and also with the larceny of a boat belonging to a settler at N«w Caledonia named Messier. Mr. Swanwick, instructed by Mr. Norris, appeared for the prisoner. The evidence of the appre hending constable having been taken the prisoner was remanded for seven days, on the application of Sergeant Owens. John M'Manus appeared in answer to a Bummons iasuod by the police, charging him with having, on the 18th instant, created a disturbance iv a public street by fighting. He pleaded guilty, and was fined 10s., costs of court, and sa. 3d. witnessed' expenses, or tweuty-four hours' imprisonment in default. Garret Heavcy pleaded guilty to having used obscene language towards constable Johnston in the public streets. He was fiuod £2 and costs of court, or in default of payment seven Java' imprisonment. TflE following persona died in tho Benevolent Asylum: —December I6, Johannes Vogler, aged 79 ywirn, born Wurtenburg, Germany ; Decem ber 17, Michael Quina, aged 63 years, born Cork, Ireland. The playful allusion in a " Speciality" in last issue to the Bulimba punt imbroglio hu called forth an explanatory letter from Mr. T. F. Merry, who wrote as follows to the Courier under date 27th ultimo :—" In the quaint reference to the stoppage of puut traffic in the Quetntlandtr the writer ia somewhat astray. He speak* of contention be* tween Merry and Moon, forgetting that it is a public matter, ia which a Urge districts ia con* earned—a matter affecting a great highway. Our difficulty happens on this wise: Hope breaks ; Government refuses to supply another. People enquire ' why and wherefore.' Two wait upon Minister for Works, it being still a Govern* ment ferry—the only one that has not been taken over by the boards. The Minister for Works, replying to deputation (introduced by member for the district) Bays: * Won't supply another rope. Apply to Booroodabin and Bulimba Boards, whose province it it to manage the ferry.' The Minister admits that these re* spective corporations hare refused to take over the ferry, and that he can't coerce them to do so. Who else can control them ? Seeing that Go* vernment has called them into existence, it ia clearly their province to compel compliance with the Act if so disposed. Why not stop the endowment for their disobedience? Bulimba has held a publio meeting, calling on the board* to do their duty. After this meeting the people think boards a myth, and say it ia just as pro* bable Marlay'a ghost would help them. So some suggest the propriety of trying to help themselves. Two of their number write to each board, and offer on behalf of the residents to take over the ferry, find the money to buy the warp and other appliances, and set the whole thing going without a farthing's worth of help, only asking the board's formal consent and to give a lease. The propo sition does not meet with favor—too prompt and businesslike for such august bodies to entertain without going through a certain amount of cir cumlocution. So here we are now in an unhappy state of suspense and inconvenience this fine weather, when farm produce and fruit are delayed in transit this happy Christmas time." At the present season it is common to indulge in drinks of a somewhat more invigorating nature than soda-water "neat," but we are not the less pleased at receiving from Mr. R. Larard a sample case of the " Spa " soda-water, bottled at the Helidon springs. The water, judged by its acceptability to the taste, is certain to come into general favor. To us it seems superior to any of the mineral waters in general consump- tion here. An analysis made by Mr. Staiger shows that it is a mineral water rich in carbonates, especially in carbonate of sodium, and surcharged with carbonic acid. The constituents, he says, indicate a strong similarity to the celebrated Vichy waters as regards the quantitative presence of alkaline carbonates, and also to the Spa of Aix Chapellela as regards its chlorine combinations. With such testimony, it appears likely that the water will prove of great value for its medicinal qualities, and in flavor it strongly resembles the water known as " Schweppe's." Mr. R. Larard, has become the proprietor of the springs, which are situated about two miles from the Helidon railway station, and having procured the neces- sary machinery for bottling, &c.;, is about to test the market here. We wish him every success in the venture, and are glad to notice that in the matter of labels and get-up, so often neglected in colonial productions, Mr. Larard has shown himself fully alive to the necessity of studying appearances. We may mention that the springs have long been known for their medicinal qualities, and that the blacks have a tradition in connection with the place, that whilst a hunting party were camped there many years ago a large stone fell from the sky killing a great many of them, and that upon this occasion the spring burst forth. Jhk annual rifle meeting got up under the auspices of the Ipswich Volunteers, and usually held on Boxing Day, will take place to-day and Monday, having been postponed so as not to in* terfere with the Volunteer fdte of last Monday. The programme is a liberal one, and should prove attractive to all the marksmen of the Volunteer force. It comprises nine matches—three being open to all Volunteers, two for Ipswich Volun teers only, one for cadets, one for all losers, and two team matches. Of the last-named, one is for a cup ten guineas, first offered for competition last year, and the other for a cup presented by Mr. Thorn; both to be competed for annually, and to be won twice before becoming the property of the winners. The former has been won once by A Com* pany, Brisbane, and it is thought will be finally secured by their representatives. Should this surmise prove correct, the same team will stand a good chance of scoring a win for the Thorn Cup also. It is, however, not unlikely that the absence of their captain (Mr. Tuynne), whose shooting powers are too well known to need comment, may so weaken his team as to give some other battery or company an opening, and it is said that the Ipswich men mean to win this time. We congratulate Ipswich on the excellent programme prepared, and hope tho meeting may be numerously attended and successful. A meeting of the Local Board of Health was held at the Town Hall on Wednesday afternoon, the members present being Alderman Porter (in the chair), Dr. Bancroft, and Mr. A. Hubbard, secretary. The minutes having been read and confirmed, the letter from Mr. S. Davis, read at the previous meeting, to the effect that he had spent a great deal of money upon his patent water-closets, and that it would be a hardship if lie were compelled to remove them, was further considered, and it was decided to enforce the regulation*. The inspector's report for Decem ber 15 was laid before the board, and BUowed that of eighteen nuisances reported to date fifteen hm\ been abated. Directions were given as to how the other three cones were to be dealt with. The Banie officer's report for December 29 wus rlbo read, showing twenty-nine coses of nuisance, concerning each of which directions were givi-n. In one case, where an offender had already been fined for allowing Btnguant water to remain on hia premises, it was reßolvud to again iuitiate proceedings. One death from typhoid fever was reported as having taken place ut the Briubane Hospital, and after the trans action of Borne formal business the meeting adjourned. 