: Adaminaby. ';. WlNTEB AVEA.THEB. — TIlC past WCCk has feeiai most thoroughly wintry, After tile warm days we experienced a week or two ago, tliin clinnjie Iiik keen mostjiOVajiviy (ult, epucially liy cliildrcn Huffeiinn; from the prevail ing epidemic. However, tlio rain lias done un immense amount of good, ana tlie country aroumi ih ver dant. Last right we liar) a heavy : fall of N'tnw ; the liill country ii -covered and tlu; MuiTiimljidgee' is rising. Police — Our tnuch respected , \- townsman, Mr. McManus, who has ' for the pnst throe or four years been in charge of the Seymour police «ta : tion, Iiiia suddenly heen ordered to ' take charge of Buckley's Crossing. During his term of office, he han, by I his uhTailinjr impartiality, kindness, 1 and criurtesy, nlike to rich nnd poor, \ won foi liiinsclf the cstuoiu ami good ?, will of all. He has trained friends, | and I am buic ho lias made no y iknAisiinD A^a an f.rhn.ui itn man al _ ; !wayR ready at the' call of duty and willing at all times to counsel and advi.su wliire adv^cu' was needed. It is to he .hoped that he will be awarded thnt promotion which he bo deservedly merits. At present the station is in charge of Constable EvanB, a yoiifig officer of merit, and grea1- promise; ?who, I am sure, will uphold his position and carry out the arduous duties of so large a district conscientiously. - The Ghost SCa.be. — Some of our townsmen who wore, out the other evening looking for a ' now comet' discovered a ghost — a sulphurous object moving abjnt the common. Various were the surmises as to whose ghost it might he. Nary a man could be found with sufficient hardihood to interview that spirit. In foot, one of the party, a jovial fol low at most times, stated that al though he was not exactly afraid of ghosts, still, as the affair looked rather blue, he thought he'd make tracks tor homo. A bright idea, like a flash, struck one of the party that tho ghost might be interviewed through the aid of a telephone. Ac ,'. cordingly those two prominent citi zens who have started such an in strument on their hook, and are ever ready to advance the cause of science, immediately ' cottoned' to the id»a. The telephone being duly placed by unu ui tile party luoie aarjng man the rest, and everything being in readiness, question No. 1 was put— 'Who are you?' All waited in brcAthles8expeclancy. Anxiety was depicted on every countenance. At length, like the sighing of a harp, | came these words — 'Iain the first ? and the last of tho desire, Julius is I my name, destined to haunt this I town for ii short span. My race is I ruu ; trouble ine no more.' Con I stevnation was depicted on every I countenance. Was this an omen ? I Tho party silently hlended their way I homewards sadder if not wiser men. Tantalus. 21st October, 1881. 