&J; 4MISIXL SOME BEMCOLITY ABOUT TFFH OAXJJG. Now, my dear," aaid Mr. Spoopenovfc " me see the list of laies you wait ms ^ cril o«u I really dotft oars to goarcml much, hut a man ought to do what his witn wants <3° oa NewIear'aDay, Where's "Hne it is." said Mrs. Spo^penavlrp flattering around with her hairin her mo J Bth' " I them all out with the addresFes sir you,HO you wprddnT have any? trouble " " What makesyou^ut old Bister Lamb a' the head of the list growled Mr. Sooonm' dyke., "She-sgotajwart on her chm P ™: size of » fire-beli; and she can't "" hut ae advantages of,egg over stove cod Joi 1 heating the Sunday school." "But,she belongs to the church, anj r don't hsheve anyone else mil caU on her " reasonedMrs.Spoopendyke. "She wiiu,„ tickled to death to -see you." . What do -yon: Bunk Pm startini; 0Df for?" demanded Mr. Spoopendyke, ven fiercely, "ftnt an iAnf^^; » missionary to Jcarry the gospel to neon!, everybody else as afraid of? WhoVihig" Whaf a -this seoond name here f Whn't m™ ubfflr Shklymbretov?" s ' " That's Mrs. Wolverton. I promised het yon would call, . Never mind Mrs. Lsmh bnt youought to call on Mrs. Wolverton ••' ••What for J Wnat has she got ic am. mpn with tnev except that her bon6l «» hollow f She don't know the dlSerme between » G^nea pig and the burijiB» rf Jeruialem, Always: wants to knon S T didn't think that Sodom and Gomorrah were p«»bl... I.«iat the kind of to yoa'7e •made put ? Want me to run woncii ttaonE the old monuments? Who's Mies Swash?" "That's Mrs. Smith, the little widow You know she's interested in sending women out west to get husbandr. She'll amuse you," : " She will if she sees me. She'll mtke me, laugh like a hyena if .she gets one ej» oa me. .Who's that yellow-headed girl that sits two pews infrpnt of u»f I'd call oa w now." . ' " She'e a Jittle obit of a thing. You don'; want to^mn after those young people— ing a man of yonr age." , r-, " What's the reasonl don't howleaili, Spoopendyke. " Got an idea that I only care for the tough, old people, hav»n't yoa» Think I'm a sort of Plymouth Eosk, don't you? Got any more old landmarks list need inspection ?" " I don' t care I" remonstrated Mr«. Spoo. ,p»ndjke; " they're nice people, and I like to cultivate them. They may bB along in life, but they can't help it." '.'Cultivate 'em, if yoa want to," growlsi Mr. Spoopendyke; " but If jou think Tin going hosing aronad among 'em on the 1st of January, you're left. What d'ye want to cultivate 'em for ? With your friends and ideas, you only need weekly prejen and an alarm of fire to be an olj woman's home. Who elie have yon got here? Mrs. Sliggonspratt, Mre. Woaten. alough. MtsE Klmpsf—" :" You don't read them right at all," complained Mrs.' Spoopendyke. "That's Mrs. Silverspoon. and Mrs. Worthington. tnj Miss HemmingKay.. They are just as nict as they can be." : "Are they the three old worthies who howl m the choir ?" asked Mr. Spoopendyke, sternly. "They've got a grandson old enough to be my father." "They haven't," sobbed Mrs. Stoopen- dyke. " You know better." " Well, most of 'em have. What d'ye want me to oall on them for? Got any more old almanacs expecting me ? Where's the_SphinxE ? You haven't got the Sphini down here, nor'the Tower of Babel. Who're these other pyramids? Who'BMrs. That's Mrs. Edgerton. . She sent yon the jelly when you were sick, and yon said she was . the best woman m Brooklyn, You'll have to call on her for poiiteneESi' 1 eaicl Mrs. Spoopendyke, severely. 1 " I won't either l" shouted Mr. Spoopendyke. " The jelly was sour, and she made me. pay a dollar toward a. plaifiier of Pane angel for a starving family out in FJatbash. Wiio's this other nurse o£ George VfaEhmgton's ? Here; this is a mistaae; I west to old Miss Schumslook's funeral thirty years ago." " You didn't 1 Youneverdid!' ptooUimed Mrs. Spoopendyke, thoroughly tuomea. " That isn't her name either. It's Km Schofiela,: and she is the best fnendl ve got, I only want—" «'T know what you want," hiBEeJ Mr. Spoopendyke. -"you want a few mora acquaintances, and a map to he a grade boob to ancient Troy. Think I am going to call on that old monolith ? Got snjttmg bete that belongs to modern times ? Know anybody who has been dug up within six or eight centuries ? Who's that black-eyed girl in the Bible class ? Don't she hang out a flag to-day?" "I wouldn't look at her," smSei ife. Spoopendyke ; "I wouldn't have you go there for. worlds. Besides, she don't receive." " What's this ?" demanded Mt,-Spoopendyke.:What's Mrs; Wimpqstwq got toso with it ? What cemetery will 1 findher 10 " That's Mrs. WiUoughby," explainedJIr£, Spoopendyke, complacently. "Sho'e tne young -widow who teoently joined the church;" :, "I don't mind calling on her," said Br. Spoopendyke. " She wasn't born more'n four thousand years before the Chnstaaa era. :Got any more like her? Does to aneasly list contain anybody, else wasn't'the mother-of the Cmnese Empire? Think of any more gravestones that haven t had -the epitaphs worn off ?" . :, *FSo," replied-Mrs.Spoopendyke,coldly, -"and, now I remember, Mrs. WillougMj xeceiveB callB with friends in Buffalo. ."Bodgasfc your dod gasted list3"howleu Mr. Spoopendyke, dancing on the unhappy document. "What d'je think I am-a ghoul ? • B'pdse I'm going to prance around among all the measly old ghosts m hwtiilyn? S'pose I'm going to swash aronia and eat cake a&d.; dnnk lemonade lot of illustrations of the Silurian penoK Think Tm going to spend ;the oay mto a lot of arficnlated old skdetonB j'ust bMawe they belong to the same church that W and Mr. Spoopendyke popped out ot tne house like a, bung, and went nerfc door w see if his friend Tortorthnmb hiew any mummies o£ whose history there was Eome "I don't care," said-Mrs- Spoopendyte, as she .whirled around: two or three topracaca%idldng;her train, "if he <W» caUon-tSe church people they'll be hopp^ mad, and if he .does he won't have mum ® a tnne, so he'll -wish he was dead eitwr way."— MA-BK TWAIN SAYB he has just recent * letter from one of "ourfeUow savagfe ^ the Sandwich Islands." It appears to w a mOBt interesting epistle. runs: "A certain legislator waE V® much jut out on account of the recent j He was put out of a two-storey wia<)0 ,'oK SOME time since a car used to go " Wwklow to Dublin, and as the maie » found to travel much more briskly >»» the influence Of » glass of wWEJgv habitual traveUers subscribed to BUPPW " with this stimulant. Tiiveller. mare won't go at aU to-dBy. ; yon did not give her the drop' " «> Well, your honour, I'll teU no he « * £ ah l, awful cowld morowV and I want" fihrop meseif as bad as her, so we toseeu it, «a «ote I won the toas." Broofch/iiEajle. 