CHRONICLES OF PARLIAMENT. (No. XTTT) Ob, help ye Nine! your votary help again And give some fire to his poetic strain ! Though Pegasus may pant and jaded seem. Help once again the rider In his theme; As ye have aided, aid him while he ilngs Still onoe again ot Parliamentary things. First in the Council In Committee still Behold the Constitution Act Amendment BllL Its clauses, viewed with favour or distrust, Behold removed, amended, or discussed. A clause now taken out, now here inserted ! To perfect state 'twill some time be oonverted. 'Mong faultless things 'twill sure at length be classed When all the tltlvatlng'a done and passed. See Bpence and Campbell, each a clause to add. Hove; but their motions lose, and looking sad. Allow defeat, although they may feel vexed; While reading third is fixed for Thursday next. But small the Interest in Council seems, Bet's seek for it among Assembly themes. Again, like sprites that churchyard vigils keep, Behold that Ghost that wont be laid to sleep That spectre that doth Ministries still haunt, And won't, like debit, vanish with " A vaunt!" The Ghost directing, now see Premier Bray Take up the theme of Morphett overway To guard against the danger of a crash. That might send passengers to total smash When crossing, spite of signals and of signs. That most perplexing net of railway lines, That those who walk or drive are sure to meet Who reach North Adelaide by Horphettetreet; Where danger's plentiful, and safety's scant; Where engines scream, and locomotives pant: While trains and trucks are crossing to and fro, Ju spite of risk foot passengers must go; With wary eye, observe the semaphore. And, like a barque that labours off the shore, With care and tact still keep attention fast Until the great impending danger's past But see our worthy Premier—Premier Bray To set at rest this question now essay, And ark, to lay this ghost for ever still. For leave to bring before the House a Bill To bnlld a bridge, to 'gainst these dangers guard, Across that portion of the railway yard. Behold the House doth with its chief agree And, read first time, the measure now we see. But forward pass unto ihst matter great. Where Glyde defends himself in warm debate Against the charges Cooke & Co. have laid Against his doer; when, in a recent mid Upon lis policy they proved he lacked Discrimination, honesty, and tact. Heboid htm there with boldness almost rash, With spectacles on nose, defiance flash With looks and words on his opponents there, And apeak in his defence with jaunty air. On " Hansard's" page the eye bewildered strays O'er figures, figures, figures, in a maze. Who'er can read that page, and stand the strata Of aching brows, and whirling, reeling brain, Has got a mind, whose fair and even flow No dry bewildering theme can overthrow. But Treasurer Glyde behold, with great resource, 'JMid shoals and Quicksands, steer a devious course. With caution, care, but boldness too immense Set forth his moBt ingenious defence. First he to Bouneevell bis shafts unveiled As he hit predecessor fierce assailed To loan fund premiums question then he went And claimed his right by quoting precedent Another phrase he pounced on witb a swoop Consisted of the cry "Recoup ! Recoup!" It seems the revenue's in Loan Fund's debt. And Glyde will take whatever he can get, In aDy way, to equal the amount, And by such means to balance the account Tom owes him money, and In manner rash, fie calls on William to refund the cash; At least, with an audacity that's grand He sticks to cash of Will's he's got in hand; A system of financing he'd abuse Some time ago, yet scruples not to use Now he's the Treasurer, and has the treat Of making income the expenses meet Pathetic, then, we hear our Treasurer wax About the tone of journalists' attacks. Some good advice he'd had, but did not use Viz., " When in office papers don't peruse. They're full of comment spoken ana designed With purpose only to confuse the mind." But oh ! what floods of talk assail the ean! What endless vista of debate appears ! Ward, Hennlng, Cooke with burning words assail Poor Lavingtcu, and almost make him quail; While Bounsevell the tuquoque phrase copies, And says the Treasurer "mea culpa"cries, When bymon, fond of metaphors, says that The sleeping beauty's turned an acrobat. Such acrobatic feats the Treasurer's shown, And such financial somersaults he's thrown, That in his present scheme, cn different base, We seek in vain his former plans to trace. Carr, Johnson, Hardy. Dixson have their Bay, And Howe, last speaking, ends the long array Of those who fling the^e metaphoric atones At Glyde's financial scheming with the loans, And says that Lavington must know, tho' saa The knowledge be, such policy is bad; Which knowing, tho' the counsel touch him sore, " Let him repent, and go and sin no more !" Here Ebenezer, watching fora chance To use again his Opposition lance, Prot es deep ihe wound, embittering the gall, By crying " the unklndest cut of all!" Next Carr we hear, in somewhat carping strain, His present attitude attempt t' explain; Against his whilom leader have his say. And pick hiB little crow with Premier Bray, Whom he accused, by inference most flat, Of doing wrong by erst including Catt, And passing those, with greater claims than he To be components of the Ministry. Nath'less tho' hurt, and tho' he felt the slight, fie won't let such keep htm from doing right. The Premier wished allegiance to gain, And so, while speaking, Carr could not refrain (Altho* he coveted not power and pelf) From saying Bray should first be true himself. He'd do his best, and, though he felt the cross,, His private grief should not make public loss. Than passed first items of the Bill Supply And here the Mubo must bid awhile good-by. 