ïlie Adveuturcs of Helby Itoolgcr. ( Written for the Queenslander.) BY ? Dosterity to iniit-ito, but an example ido'not'l.'Wt.SWto. Junics, Letter X11. l0Ueter- PAETL-vH4pm,L Ami «lily vou batter reck the » Than even did th» «dviser. Bj-" .5' ?Fiuncis Lobd Bacoh says that co pleasure is .comparable to the standing on the vantage sround of Truth ; which is just what the writer of this veritable history claims to do-every event .recorded in theso pages has actually happened, .either to personal friends or persons well known >o the writer, the name alone being fictitious. What's in a name ? Certes, the name was not riven to him at the baptismal font-if ho was there ho never i collected the fact ; and none of his ancestors-for ho had ancestors-had ever borne Blieb au apellation. Nor is the name manufactured for the uonco; it was his just as much as his peculiar patronymic, which it is needless to introduce here. Suffice it to say that be acquired the name at the school which he we will not say frequented, for his absences, whenever ho could make au excuse, were frequent-but at which he attended, and was acquired in quite au accidental manner. He was known far and wide better by it than the jiauifl he could legally claim-whether his school- fellows saw some hidden fitness in the nanio or not we do not know. Boolger, as he will be kuown for the future, vva3 a stout burly lad, about 4ft. lOin. at the time this story opens, with light brown hair, eyes of au indistinct hue, generally called cat's eyes, a good set of masti- cators, and his years-as the French say-he had seventeen years of age. HÍ3 father had been a soldier brave and bad retired on his laurels and half pay ; which was just genteel starvation. Boolger, however, did not inherit the martial taste of his sire, and when he lett the local school the old man was uuable to push him in the world. Haviug paid pretty highly for his son's education, hu of course concluded it had been as good a one as he could give bim ; but he, B. would have cut a sorry figure in competition with scholars from our primary schools. Now he entered the service of an apothecary of the town, who by transposing his name was fami- liarly called Standup Straight-or, shortly, "Old Straight." Boolger used to say he was straight in his name and narrow in his ways-in the com- missariat line. Still Boolger grew and thrived, and was familiarly known a3 "the young doctor" by the old women and boys, who did not know any better, poor things, than to c.ill an apothe- cary a doctor ; aud in the cipacity of young geutlemau assistant, as in these days he would be designated, he was occupied one morning in the arduous and necesBary occupation of dusting up and getting things " ship-shape," as he called it -for dwelling hi a seaport town he had imbibed the usual quantity of seuf.triug slang-vvheu an old wounu who followed the occupation of nurse, and in that cipacity had been instrumental in ushering into existence sundry additions to the population, and alsu performing the last offices for those who were taking their departure for the unknown laud whence thero is no return, rushed into the shop aud saluted him thus : "Arrah, young doctor, for the love of the saiut3 give me something for a poor mau that's taken very bad down the street here," "Where is he?" said Boolger, assuming an im- portant look, in as near an imitation of his boss as he could. " What is the matter with bim ?" " Oh, sorra a one o' me knows ; there's some- thing the matter vvid his inside." Boolger held a consultation, resolved himself into a committee of the whole for a few moments SB to the advisability of calling the head of tho establishment, but us it was a cold morning and still early-a little after 0-aud as the amiable individual rejoicing in the name of Straight was of an irascible turu of mind, and not accustomed to hesitate as to the nature of the first missile that came to his hand on occasions, he decided to act in accordance with the proveíb, " Lot sleep- ing dogs lie," which happily expressed his private sentiments towaids the head oí the establish- ment, and proceeded to act on his own hook. ' He was in great doubt as to what'ho should pre- scribe, as the statuaient of tho person's ailments was somewhat vague ; also, there was an unoer -tainty about the recompense being forthcoming. He dared not leave the premises to visit the sufferer, but, having drawn from Mrs. Cook that the mau was endoavoring to get rid of something which was annoying him ¡uterually, his eye lit on the tartar emotic, and he forthwith provided Mary with a dose, with strict injunctions as to the manner of administering it; and resuming his work presently forgot the occurrence. In due time the master made his appearance in a gorgeous dressing-gown, and betook himself to his desk to write ; and there was silence, save the scratching of his pen, for some time ; Boolger knowing from old experience that until the lion had been fed he was, to say the least, dangerous, The silence was broken at length by the advent of a small crowd of boys and girls and mon, at the head of whom was Mary, with something held in her apron with both bauds, and a run uiug fiie of ejaculations commenced ; " Glory be to God !" " Jim, did you seo it ?" " What is it like, Mary ?" " O praises, Kitty, is it alive ?" and so forth. Straight looked up. " William, seo what these people want," said he. No Booner had Boolger opened the half-door of the shop than he felt what he could only ima- gine to be the paws of a bear about his neck, almost strangling him, while the owner of the paws_ poured forth a string of thanks and praises in Irish, which as far as Boolger's understanding was concerned might as well have been bad Hebrew or worse Greek. " What the dickins is tho matter with you ?" __ An answer came from the crowd : "Mrs. Cook, sir ; Mary Cook, doctor ; she has it. " Has what ?" roared Boolger. " Oh, the thing, your honour-the baste. Show It to his honour, Mary." The crowd were making such a row-half-a dozen speaking together-that Boolger thought his wits were going. Old Straight's voice re- called them : " William, what is the matter ? ' 'I-I don't know, sir. They say Mary Cook ha3 a something in her apron, and there's a big countryman half choking me ; that's all I know about it," " Bring the woman in and abut the door " which was effected. "Now, my good woman, what is the matter ?" _" Ah then, your honour, I dunno, but I believe its a "drooktheen." "A what?" " A drooktheen." _ "What, in the name of all that's UBeful, what is this droo-druk-what do you call it ? What is the thing, William ?" Boolger thought it sounded very like Greek as u\?!. recollection served, but not being sure held his tongue. Then it occurred to him that the shortest way of finding out was to examine this strange beast-if it were a beast. " Now, Mary said he, "where's this thing-what's its name 5" Sure, it's here in my apron." Well, show it to us." But Mary did not see why she Bhould have the trouble and risk of catching the "baste," and wanted to make her own terms ; yet her awe of the imposing- looking person in front of her checked her, and while she was hesitating-not as to what would bo a fair thing, but how much she dared ask-Boolger, who was apprehensive of an outbreak on the part of the superior authority, whispered : "Mary, shew it to us and I'll Btand a shilling." Maiy hesitated ; the morning was raw ; she waa weary-had been sitting up all night with a poor woman who was "that way, poor thing ;" she was in want o£ her morning glass of porter T ? st'<& in it ; bo-after a long prolocrue con cermng how she happened to be passing, and nT sh_,eaw tno man trying to turn his inside out, and how she came for the medicine to the young doctor, although where the man was was nearer Dr. Rone's (now this was decidedly crafty on the part of Mrs. Cook, for Dr. Rone was the rival apothecary, and she saw by Straight's face r_ ii made a hit)' &0'> &c;'-a treatV was nuauy concluded that she was to deposit the o-ste ma basin which Boolger tendered, and to j"fK%two shillings of good and lawful money of ireland ; she knew nothing about Great Britain, andcared less. ' m?""- th,° doctors both old and young had no loeaof what the baste, as Mary caUed it, waa it mi 15"inatno C0DVeyetl u° meaning to them cHe n. f an. octoPUB 0l" a polypus or anything -<. as tar as the hard name went ; so amid great expectation she deposited the fearful monster in the basin, which on minute inspection turned out to be a shell-less snail about 4in. long. The countryman was then called in, and subjected to au examination, which as he knew very little Saxon, and Mary was by no means perfect in her Irish, was considerably prolonged. The sum aud substance of the matter was that he had to be up early to bring a loud of hay to market, and so did not go to bed : that he slept on some hay in the barn, and moro he did not know, only that he was " mighty oueasy in his innards," and on coming f.Vto town had a drop which made him sick-a thing evidently beyond his comprehen- sion-and was at ii."1- last gasp when Mary gave kim the drink which caused the eviction of the unwelcome tenant betöre them. Mary received her money, and incontinently went off to invest a part of it in her " morning," taking her countryman with her to share the draught. Tho creature was put in a bottle aud had his "morn- ing" in the shape of some spirit vin, alias spirits of wine. A big label was put on the bottle, and the whole was exhibited in the window to ad- miring crowds. "Taken mom the Stomach ov a Mas. By J. Stand-up Stuaiqut," Or words to that effect. The crowd seeing ths man come out with Mary followed to hear the particulars, which, assisted by her "drain," she gave them with little em- bellishments of her own, gently insinuating that if she had not providentially been passing by at the time, aud been pretty quick about her means of relief, the thing might have been the death of the poor man ; her version being received with faith, which found utterance now and then in ejaculations of " Oyeh ! seo that now ;" " Tho poor man, the Lord be good to us ;" &c;, there being only one disseutieur, a man of a spécula- tive turu of mind, who wanted to know " liovv the blazes it got into the man ?" " Why, you great omadhiiwn," came the answer, " it crep down his throat." " Bedad inuybe so. Beg shay gomaeh moishin -I wonder what had he for supper *" As no one essayed to enlighten him, ha shut up aud departed. The news was all over the town in a little time, and bo many vorsious Wiiro given of it, and Mary's share iu the affair and the young doctor's were so mixed up, that it became a matter of faith with three parts of the population that Boolger had cut the man open, taken out the " baste," and mended tho hole as well as the doctor himself could have done. (Doctor in this imtauco having reference to a regular M.D., F.R.S., who wa3 in practica iu the town, whose acquaintance the render may make as we go on.) lu conséquence of all this talk Boolger became a public character, quite a hero. Of course he did not contradict any rumour which tended to glorify himself. He began to feel himself a man of some importance, and was so confused by the congratulations he received that a hazy idea was generated in his brain that ho really had done something out of the common ; in fact performed an operation, assisted by nature of course Did not the best physicians allow that thoy could only assist nature ? Pity 'tis the number is so small. Quacks think they can renew eveu the cellular tissue-whatever that is. Boolger felt that ho was a different mau now ; the delicate apprecia- tion had raised hi3 soli-esteem ; he was disposed to question old Straight's authority-only ho was not quite prepared yet. He continued to have enlarged ideas of Iiíb standing and importance, and consequently took moro evro of his personal appearance, impelled thereto by the hardly-veiled flatteries of girls who wanted to make interest for tick for a bottle of hair-oil or a bottle of scent, and lads on tho same lay for a cigar now and then. He adorned himself to such a degreo that envious people used to say ho looked as smait as a " rat of the male geudor going to a christening," The history of the individual who witneased the expedition is lost in obscurity-there is nothing for it but current report ; and as everybody says it-and what, everybody says must bo true-no further authority is required on the subject. Boolger, being at that time a lad of nineteen, thought that as he was already becoming famous this would bo an auspicious occasion to make some progress in his love-suit. He had been " carrying on," as hi- delicately phrased it, with a fair damsel the daughter of a baker in the town. Her name was Annie, and, as the readers will learn, the fact of her father being a baker led to sonio important results.: She had hair of a hue which she described as a golden auburn, but the rude, rude b »ys called her " Carrots," and hurt her feelings thereby. Boolger ad- dressed himself to prosecuto his suit with ardour and with success. Who could resist a young doctor, especially one who was so nico and so clever-and had such lovely Bcsnt ? In the course of h¡3 reading, which he fondly imagined to have been extensive, ho imbibed the impression that to prosper with women-especi- ally with young women-one mu3t be a bit of a a roue", for which the qualifications were the being able to drink, smoke, and play. Fighting ho thought hail gone somewhat out of fashion, and from his experience of tho contact of old Straight's miBsilos with his cranium ho rather thought ho could dispense with that part of his education. Ho began to stay out late of nights, making his exit after old Straight had betaken himself to slumber; used to havo sundry whiskies during the day, till he became pretty well inured to drink, and did not find it very hard work after all, Ho had never played at any game but Spoiled Fives, and then only for a "dandy" a game, or a "gounbeen" of tobacco. In his efforts to learn "play" ho found it a very expensive sort of thing, so ho fell back on smoking, which was rather a gentlemanly diversion when the cigars were not too strong and the pocket-money not spent. He had established commercial relations, as ho phrased it, with a young lady whe served in a tobacconist's shop, and was sure of tick for a week. As Annie's mamma-for she had one, though the old lady has been passed over so uncere- moniously-objected to both of his innocent amusements he was obliged to be careful when he paid his devoirs. Now it so happened that the premises next to the baker's were occupied by a grocer, who also sold whisky-not on the sly ; he had a liceuBe, and moreover it was drunk on the premises-as many of his customers used to be ; and the door of the room in which the worshippers of Bacchus met opened on to Church- street, which went in a westerly direction till it cut Nosel's Terrace. Directly opposite to the end of the street were the churchyard gates of iron, crowned with a spiked frame. We say gates, for there were two, separated from each other by a narrow lane. This description is necessary that the reader may understand what follows. The upper gate opened into the churchyard. Just inside the gate the road divided into two paths surrounding the church. On the right hand side close to the vestry was au old square tower-hundreds of years old-which had seen some rough usage in the wars of ancient days, but was at the time of the story used as a belfry. It happened on one Saturday night, after he had bid good-night to his charmer, that he turned into Martin's the grocer's to moisten his clay, and meeting some people whom he knew he succeeded so well in his purpose as to become pretty drunk by 9 o'clock. Some soldiers from the barracks were drinking in tho room, and, offence being taken at some observation of Boolger's, a row ensued, either side being nothing loth, which ended in one of the soldiers being felled with the leg of a stool and left for dead. An alarm being raised that the patrol was in sight, which came round to pick up all the men who were not in barracks when tattoo sounded, there was a sudden clearance of the inmates of the drinking Ehop. Boolger, who hardly knew what he was doing, rushed up the street before mentioned, and, hearing the cries of the soldiers, made for the church gate and commenced to climb over. The soldiers who were in chase, getting Bight of him, came on as fast as possible, but Boolger was over when they arrived and running up the lane. He did not like to enter the churchyard, which, being in Ireland, was as a matter of course haunted-or believed to be so, which came to the same thing. The soldiers, not caring to climb the gate, despatched one of their number to the sexton's for the keys ; and as Boolger from a corner of the upper gate had them in full view-there being a gas lamp a little distance down the street-he waited nntil he saw that the gate was opened, and then ran along the right-hand path. The soldiers having the key were not far behind him, so feeling him- self hard pressed, and having no wish to be Bpitted like a lark with a bayonet, he made for the space between the old tower and the church. The belfry door was open, so he ran towards it, and was just in the act of stooping to enter the low-arched door when right in front of him he saw two balls of fire gleaming brightly. He dared not retrace his steps ; he knew by the cries that the soldiers were on him ; there was nothing for it but to enter and lio quiet. But the awful g1 «ring eyes ia front terrified him sorely, and all tho stories ho had ever heard of the appearances which were said to have been witnessed in the place occurred to him to further disturb him. As he pressed on some- thing struck him on tho breast. Putting np his hand ho found it was the bell rope, which had a knot on the end. Becoming every momeut more sober, he felt with his hands, and coming in con tact with something hairy hu was convinced that tbeie was no ghostly visitaut to contend with, the previous occupant of the chamber being au old goat which had the rim of the churchyard. Boolger lay still for some time, until hearing no noise he crept out and fouud that the soldiers were retiring. The immediato danger being over, one would havo thought he would have made the beat of his way out of tho churchyard ; but the devil of fun which gets possession of au Irishman entered i'lto him. He waited until he judged the enemy was clean gone ; then ho returned to the belfry, and taking his silk handkerchief he tied it to the ropo above the knot, and fastened it to the goat's horns in such a manner that the goat could only stand on his hiud-legs ; having dono which he went his way. He had hardly reached the gato wheu the goat, feeling his position tiresome, began to buck and jump about, which set the bell going at a fearful rate. It was a largo boll, and might be beard miles away. When tired of his exertions the goat would stand quiet for a little time, and then commence again. Boolger mado his way along tho back street till, seeing tbero was a sufficient crowd to give him sholter, he joined the press, and of course was just as anxious as any of them to know what the row was about. In a short time a couple of thousand peoplo had collected, some of them only half dressed, and the mayor had been also summoned. The first thought had been that the town was in flames ; but no sign of fire wa3 to ba detected, and no reason could be assigned but that tho Evil One in person was in the belfry ; which re- commended itself as the most reasonable solution of tho puzzlo. The crowd weut as far as the churchyard gate, but no further-not a foot. Not a man would stir for some time ; at last two men were shamed into action, but they had not gone far when tho bell, which hud boou silent for a little, rang out such a dreadful peal that they turned tall and ran back to the crowd. Several attempts were made with the same result. Now in going up the path to the vestry it was necessary to pass the grave of an old surgeon, who had been a very bad liver, and was said to have amassed his uiouoy by piracy. No "rasa evor grew on his grave, aud it was generally bo lioved that it was " Ould Watkins" who was at the bell. Having been a grim- looking old man, and the terror of all the youth ot the neighbor- hood in his life, his ghost was given credit for the possession of a double portion of the living man's malignity. This operated on those who were rash enough to attempt the passage, ns it was just when they got opposite the gravo that the peals were nioBt furious-because the goat could hear tho footstops, At length the mayor offered £5 to any one who would put au end to' the suspense by seeing what was actually the cause of tho row, Boolger, who had kept very quiet ou tho skirt of the crowd, being in dread lest some ouo of his fellow roisterers might be a nong tbem, at last presented himself and volunteered ; but as he thought if ho was too quick about it lie might oxcito a suspicion as to his being cone jrncd in the matter he made one or two f.ilio starts ; but he was plentifully encouraged bythoso who were not inclined to go themselves. " Go on, alanuah ; sure ho won't hurt you," said someone iu the crowd-though why ho possessed any immunity from "Ould Watkins" was hard to conceive unless it were on the grounds of being iu tho poisoning profession. However, he went on to the belfry at la^t, and then the most dreadful peal of all that had been heard previously rang out. " Oh God I be good to him ; the ould villain is strangling him ;" " Do ye hoar that ?" and sundry exclamations oi a like kind burst from tho crowd, vvhoäo feais were very soon allayed when Boolger made his appearance, leading the unfortunate goat with one hand, whilo in the other he held about a foot of tho boll-rope which ho had cut off in order to give effect lo his story. Naturally in tc-lling his tale he did not omit any ¡ittlo points lo give it more effect, and his description ot the fiery eyes staring on him from the doorway told on the audience. Ho merely showed tho rope, and said that the goat had stuck his horn in the strands above the kuot and could not get clear. Roars of laughter followed on the circulation of the tidings that after all it was only Ould Folkes'» goat that was in it. But Boolger became still moro raised in the estimation of the public than before. He, t»> do him justice, did not feel very comfortable until he heard that Ih»; Soldier had recovered aud been taken to barratta, as lie was only " kilt,". 