LITERARY ASPECT OF THE REVISED VERSION. m A lecture on " The Literary Aspect of tho Revised Version, ' was given by Mr E. E Morris at the DioceBan Registry, on Tuesday afternoon There was a large attendance of ladies and gentlemen, the room being crowded The Bishop of Melbourne pre sided Mr Monms said -No publication of modern times has been waited for and re ceived with as keen an interest as the revised version of the New Testament Some IO yenrs ago the general feeling of the need for it came to a head-a feeling that the authorised version could bo improved Two hundred and sixty years bad gone by since it waB made, and during that period there has been an eager study of manuscripts and n general improvement in the standard of scholarship The translation in the reign of James I was made not more than a century and a quarter after the introduction of the Btudy of Greek into Lnghsh Universities A penod twico as long again has passed since the translation was made, and during a great deal of that time the study of Greek haB been more intense than at any period since the revival of letters Moreover, it was well known that the text from which the translation was made was very faulty , not that the faults were Bcrious, rather there vas a large number of Btnall errors that required correction In 1870 it was felt that the time had come for an agreement on a better text, and for bringing the English translation into har mony with the beat knowledge of the day I do not propose to go over the ground already traversed by most who havo given an account of the revised version I will assume that you who take an interest in the subject as evinced by jour attendance here today know about the steps that were taken m the Convocation of the Province of Canterbury, and how the first committee that was formed lengthened its cords and strengthened ita Blakes Many of you must be acquainted with the names and reputations of thoao who were engnged n the work I venture to maintain that it would have been well nigh impossible to have formed a better com mutee of rev sion It might be that one could name here and there a name of an indi vidual scholar not within the hat the peer of those who were but 1 am quite sure it would be impoaBible to name another committee ot equal sizewhn-h could even be compared with it I Our bishop has lately set before the Vic 1 tonan public an estimate of the changes that the revised version ia likely to effect in matters of doctrine The sum of a number of little alterations may produce an important tendency I wish at the outset to explain that my object is quite different I propoae to day only to deal with questions of language The Bible has often been called the well of English undefiled, and those of us who have had much to do with the teaching of our own language know the ex ceedmg great value of the Bible from this point of view Some of our greatest writera such na Macaulay and Raskin, have drawn largely from the English of the Bible Dr Matthew Arnold, in his lectures on trans lating Homer, even layB it down aa a general rule, that if a word is m the Bible you may use it, if not you must avoid it When the revision was proposed there were many fears on the score of language Great scholars, it was said, are not always good writers, and committees are proverbially weak in grammar A committee, like the English Cabinet, which consists of highly educated men, and masters of their own language, usually sends forth a Queens speech that will not parse, and which would defy all attempts at analysis The translators of King James s day bad one advantage over those of to-day They had not to Btand a fierce fire of criticism Every magazine and almost every newspaper wntten in the Fnghsh language has by this time expressed on opinion, sometimes after a study of an hour or two, upon the work which a picked body of 1 nglisn scholars 1 as taken 10 yeais to produce No doubt the reviBers will have to Btand some hard blows but they will survive them Plain mel who want the latest resultB of scholarly criticiBm plainly set before them will feel deeply thankful to this band of scholars for the time and for the thought that they have spent upon this labour of love Assuredly if their laboura be not ap preciated here and now, the great hereafter will bestow on them the crown their due One expression we ahould be very particular to avoid-a new Bible It ia not a now Bible in aryreBpect, and tho use of such an exprea sion ia po careless aa to bo wrong This is the old Bible that we have known and loved so well a little altered here and there a little clearer, as we might have made the old version clear whilst reading to a child We must avoid expressions that may do infinito harm The rule upon the subject of language which the committee of convocation prescribed for the revisers (it is the second) ran - To limit, as far as poBBihle the expression of alterations to the language of the authorised and earlier English verBionB Let us con sider what IB meant by this As far as possible The sense was to be made clear The first rnle had insisted upon faithfulness The English must represent the Greek, and it must be English that can be generally understood Nothing less than this would be faithful But alterations in language were not to be made unless they -vere advia able to make the meaning clear At the same time, both in the character of the words and m the style or character of the sentences, it was desired that the new version be of a piece with the old To have the Bible in quite modern language was not what was wished Everyone has felt that an air of antiquity gives a solemnity to the language of the holy text An expression, a turn of sentence intelligible to the ordinary reader was, therefore, not to be banished, even though the former should have fallen some what into disuse, or the latter bo not quite such SB a writer of our own day would employ One of the revisers has told ub that the ex pression innocent archaiBtn waa very com mon at the table of the Now Testament Committee An innocent archaism is mam festly one which does not and cannot lead astray Of these I have culled a few - Now the birth of Jesus Christ was on this wiBe - Matt i l8 The goodman of the house - Mark xiv 14 Lvery whit whole -John vu 23 ' We have Abraham 'to our father -Matt m 0 lo serve tables -Acts vi 2 " W hoae fan is in hia hand throupjhly to clennso his threahing floor -Luke ia 17 Give me hero in a charger the head of John the Baptist -Matt xiv 8 'lor thy speech bewrajeth thee-Matt xxvi 73 ' His disciplcB were an hungrcd -Matt xn 1 The forms 'hath "whiles holpen, "twain haply, alaooccurcomiiionly Now, of these words there ia none which could cause any difficulty unless it be the single word charger in the bomb of a large dish There is plenty of earlier authority for the word going down at leaat aa late B3 Dryden, but the word haB become obsolete except in thiB single passage I franki} confess howover, that no better word occurs to mo to take ita place I Bee from the Hcxapla that in the old verBiona it was either 'platter or dish Mo should all feel that neither of these would improve the passage A very unfami liar word in the authorised version has kept its place 111 the revised version, in that place in tho Acts x11 4 where it is saul that Herod put Peter m prison and delivered him to four quaternions of soldiers to keep him Tbeword has of late years acquired a new mathematicalBenso which I will not undertake, to explain but whether in tho mathcmnti cal senBe, or as this military term, it has a very unfamiliar sound, but again it would have been very difficult well mth impossible, to find n good substitute I he careful con servatism of the revisers is shown in their keeping of the word publican 1 ew Bible words are more frequently misunderstood by tho young or the ignorant At ita üret uso the marginal explanation is added ' collectors or renters of Roman taxeB In ordinary parlance ' publican has one meaning In the Bible the 1 ord baa another and dillerent one The modern publican has Bins enough of hiB own to bear, and is abused more often than can bo pleasant to him But ho abares also the unpopularity of the ancient publican classed with sinners like the respectable soli citor who was much surprised to have quoted against bim tho text ' ' Woe unto you lawyers To show that the reviBers have been tho roughly impressed with the desirability ot imitating the older style of writing, I will read three or four verses in which tho re visers have positively the more archaic modo of expression - Authorised Version Revised Version Acts xx 10-And Paul went down and fell on him, and embracing him, said, truble not yoursevcs , for his life Make yo no ado , for his Is In him Ufo la in him. Rom ill 0 -What then 1 What then ? Aro wo In Arouebcttcrthanthoy? worse caso than they? No, In no nlse No, In no wlae Horn lv 20-Ho stag Looking unto tbo promise gercdnotntthopromiso ol God ho wavered not of God through un through unbelief but belief, but was strong In waxeii strong through faith, thing glory to faith, giving glory to God God 1 Tbcss IL 15-Who both killed tho Lortt Jesus and their own prophet, and have persecuted us And dravo out us. At the end of the Testament are to be found some interesting pages. They are a "list of readings and renderings preferred by the American committee, recorded at their desire." In some notices of the revision you | may find scoffs at tho Americans, as if be- cause the Americans of our day have invented a new and peculiar kind of humour, all Americans spoke in the language and after the manner of Mark Twain Now it is hardly well enough known that educated Amertcana speak a singularly pure English If hurricanes of debased English are raging all round them, they may feel it more necessary to be purists, just as in Hanover tho best high German is said to be spoken, whereas properly it is a low Ger man community In the same way speakers and writers of Boston and of New England generally are very careful in phraseology and m grammar The Americans, however, who were consulted on tho revision would have made a cleaner sweep of archaisms than their English brethren. " Tor ' Holy Ghost' adopt uniformly the rendering ' Holy Spirit '" To consider this would take me into doctrinal questions which I would rather now avoid Suffice it to say that Dr Vance Smith, in tbo Nineteenth Century, is very warmly in favour of tbia change. The American committee would substitute"try or "make trial of for"tempt," " wherever enticement to what ia wrong is not evidently spoken of ' They refer to pas- sages where such substitution should be made, even such as Matthew iv 7, "Thou shalt not 'tempt' the Lord thy God," in the very account of what we know so well as the "Temptations ' of Christ They next con- demn two or three of the innocent archaisms which the revisers have preserved - "Wist" ye not that I must be (In my Father's house) -Luko ii 40 And Paul said, I "wist" not, brethren, that he was high priest-Acts xxiii ti And now, brethren, I "wot" that in ignorance yo did it,-Acts ill 17 What I shall choose I "wot" not- Phil I 22. Lest haply he " hale" thee unto the judge.-Luke x11 58 Saul laid waste tho church, entering into every house and "haling" men and women, committed them to prison -Acts vii! 3 It is not easy for anyone to mistake these words, "wist" and "wot," if they have become somewhat obsolete themselves, they have so many cousins amongst words that have remained in common use, and are so manifestly connected with wisdom, and wiee, wit, witty, and unwitting " Hale," again, is so closely connected with the common word "haul," of which it is but a variety, that no one could mistake it. But not content with condemning words, tho Americans also wish to remove certain older forms of grammar-" be, ' m the present in- dicative, asm "bo then they which 'be' of faith are blessed with the faithful Abraham" -Gal ni 9. But one may doubt whether this " be" be not subjunctive rather than in- dicative I could find arguments to class the " be" aa subjunctive even in " Wide is the gate and broad is the way that leadeth to destruction, and many ' be' they that enter in thereby -Matt vu 13 And in my Cruden I can find no more genuino indicative than this The last suggestion of the Americana is one that they and their fathers are known to hove Bet store by-" who" or " that," for "which" "when used of persona" "Our Tather, ' who' art in heaven," haB been one of the few alterations, besides the subatitu tion of President for Queen, which tells an English Churchman (aay on the Continent) that an American clergyman is officiating TheBe suggestions of the American committee show the kind of proposals that tho "Cnglish reviaerB had to consider when they were de- ciding upon tho innocenco or untruBtworthi nees of each archaism Having considered arcbaismB that tho revisers retained, we paas to conBider some that they rejected I place " conversation " at the head Thia word haa now the menning of talk-talk of on eaay and informal kind, often on a particular sub- ject. In ordinary modem speech the word never bas any other meaning than this, and the word is so common that used in any other senae it would be misunderstood by nine people out of ten In Cruden I find l8 caseB of the use of this word in the antho need vereion in an antiquated sense Of these, 16 caaes represent one Greek word, and there is a different word in each of the other matancea Phil in 20. "Our con- versation is in heaven ' is now Our citizen- ship is in heaven "- a distinctly more correct translation, Heb sin. 5, " Let your con vexation be free from covetousnesB" now stands, far more correctly, " Be yo free from the love of money," with margin, " Grk , Let your turn of mind be free In all the other places " conv eraation " has become "life," "manner of life" In one place (2 Cor. i 12), there is a periphrasis, "We behaved ouraelvea," lhere are certain passages m the New Testa- ment which have upon modern readers a slightly grotesque effect " We fetohed a compass - Actsxxvm 13 "The times of tina ignorance God winked at "-Acts xvn. 30 "And the four beasts Baid, 'Amen.'" Rev v 14 "After those daya we took up our carriages "-Acts xxi 15 "Evil beasts, Blow bellies "-Titua i 12 All these have been removed, and with justice The unfor- tunate effect arose from a change in the force of the language " We made a circuit " " God overlooked " "The four living crea- tures ' "Baggage ' " Idle gluttons " Four of these words are new to the New Testa- ment "Circuit" and "gluttons" occur m the Old Testament," "overlooked" and "baggage" are new to the Bible altogether. There are two words in the English language which, atranRe as it may seem, have, accord- ing to early usage, a pair of not only different, but precisely contrary meanings, one from a Saxon root-" let," the other from a Latin root, "prevent Of theso there are in- stances m the authorised version In Romana i 13, " Oftentimea I purposed to come unto you, but waB 'let' hitherto" 2 Theas ii 7, "The mystery of iniquity doth already work only he who now ' letteth,' will ' let ' until he be taken out of the way " In the margin of Numbers xxn 1C, it runs, "Thus Baith Balak, ' Be not thou " letted (a quaint paBt participle) from coming unto me'" Unless it bo from the continued use of the word m our sports, fivea, or lawn tennis, such passages would bo simplv unintelligible to the modern reader , they probably aro to most Some philologists maintain that this verb " let," to hinder, has wholly a different root from the other "let," which meana to permit It ib more probably in origin cloeely connected, like drops of the same shower, which falling on this Bide or the other of the water parting, may bo affluent to the Bacred waters of the Ganges, or form part of the little known Brahmapootra The root meant " to leave,' " to allow to paas," " to send on,' and when a man is examining a number it may be only tho drafting of sheep, or it may bo scrutinising passengers for quaran- tine-he may stop thoae he wanta and let the others go, or stop those whom he does not want An eTaminer ia said to "pasa ' candi- dates who are successful, but there ia a sense in which the verb " pass " means to reject A time, however, arrives in tho history of a lan- guage when two oppoaite meanings can no longer be endured, and in the paesageB from Romans and Thessalonians tho words " bindet ' and "rcBtrain" have taken the placeot"let ' Now take the word "prevent" It has settled down into tho meaning of "hinder." Originally it meant "go brat," go before " But a man can go before another, either as a forerunner, a harbinger, a guide goeB to prepare the way by making it smooth and to eecure lodgings, or it mai be aa tho bushranger and the robber, to binder him, to steal from him, even to take hia life We know tho unuBual use of "prevent' from colletts m the prayer book, "Prevent ua, O Lord, in all our doings,' which is, indeed, a most extraordinary wish if we interpret the word in ita usual sense A friend of mine woe told not long since by the captain of a ship that ho liad often asked middies or pas- sengers what was meant by this collect They generally thought that it arose from aomo Punían notion that we could do nothing good of ourselves, and therefore we asked that all our doings should be stopped, though in the \ ery next clause wo ask that we should be furthered with God B continual hell) The ûrBt and literal meaning of "prevent in the sen so of "anticipate' is found two or three times in tho Now Testament " When he was come into the houBe, Jesua ' prevented bim, saying'-Matt xvn 25 This is now changed into " Jesus Bpako first to him ' "We which are alive and remain unto tho coming of tho Lord ahall not 'prevent them which are aaleep "-1 Theas iv 15 Thia ha8 now become "precede" In the instruction given by our Lord to His apostleB, when Ha sent them forth two by two, there camn the expression, " Provide no 'scrip' for jour journey." Now this word did not convey to the ordinary reader the proper meaning There ia a scrip very well known m Melbourne, and m the abare market generally, a scrip connected with " acribo," 1 write, and as there aro many cognate words-such as "senbo," "scribble, ' " inscription," " acnptuie," it is very natural that tho scrip which the apostles were not to take should be confused with it Latham's Dictionary assigns to it the meaning " small bag or satchel," which Latham (rather absurdly) deriveB from the Latin for a bulrush, whereaB it is far rather allied to wordB like " grip," " grab," and the like, meaning a bag puckered at the mouth The revised versionBubstituteB thevvord " wallet," by which word the Greek -¡nipa ia, I remember, generally translated m the classical authors It is worth while to note this pair of worda, and sometbmgof their history. Bothwcrestau da»d English at tho time when the authorised version waa made "Scrip," besides this I connexion in the Bible, occurs in Samuel, ra the Old Testament, where it is said that David, going forth against Goliath, put " smooth stones in his ' scrip.' " In Milton's Cornus we have the word " He'd in requital ope his leathern ' scrip,'" [Does not the passage sound with quite an ancient fashion Î] " And show me simples of a thousand names, Telling their étrange and vigorous faculties. ' It occurs also in Shakspeare in "Aa You Like It" "Como, shepherd, let us make an honourable retreat, though not with bag and baggage, yot with Bcrlp and scrlppage " This passage is interesting, as containing at the Bnme time "scrip," which the revisers bave discarded, and ' baggage," which they have introduced into the language of the Bible Now, " wallet," which has taken the place of " scrip," baa an equally honourable old position You find it in Shakspeare's "Tempest," where it is not literal, but wallet like " VA ho would believe that thcro were mountaineers, Hc?laptllkebujle,whoeethroatshadhanglngatthom .Wallets'of flesh" But Shakspeare also uses the word literally in that fine passage m " Troilus and Cres sida" "Time hath, my lord, a 'wollot' athis back, Wherein ho puts alms for oblivion A great-sited monster of Ingratitudes " Of the thousands of verses, Satin and Greek, which many of us in England had occasion to write in onr earlier days, I auppoae there are not many that we recollect I can, however, recall not only translating this passage, but the fact that my tutor and I concurred in iriipav for wallet, and vupau ia the very word which the revisers have here translated "wallet " Chance alone, directing use, which ib, aa Horace saya, "the law and rule of Bpeaking," has made "scrip" an unusual, " wallet ' a commonly intelligible word The revisers have therefore acted wisely in making this change. "Thou oughteat therefore to bavo put my money to the 'bankers' (R.) 'exchangers' (A), and then at roy coming I should havo received back mine own with'interest'(R )'uBury'" (A )-Matthew xxv. 27 The word for bankers" or"exchangers" ibliterally "table- men," thatis to say, men who Bat behindahttlo table and carried on transactions m money, very literally " serving tables," They wero both bankers on a Bmall Beale and changers of money, bnt "bankers" is hero surely the better word, as reference is made to the bankers' functions In the term uaed at the end of the verse there is no distinction drawn between proper and improper interest Usury was money paid for the "use" of money. It ib true that the ancients, even the wisest, thought all interest wrong in itself It was forbidden m the Mosaic law, at least forbidden for Jews to takelt of their brethren (Hence some say they have taken so much of those not their brethren ever since.) Aristotle and Plato, differing in many things, were alike opposed to UBury. Shakspeare shared this Btrong prejudice, as may be seen in Ina treat- ment of Shylock and in such expressions in the " Merchant of Venico ' as "When did friendship take A breed for barren metal of his friend -I 3 Bacon, who lived at the timo of the autho- rised version, was superior to the feeling against, or at any rate saw the need of, in- terest But you will remember that Ruskin, in our own day, not Ruskin at his best, but Ruskin of the later period, has vigorously revived the old world notions on the subject, and thereon has broken a lance with no less an antagonist than the Bishop of Manchester. Victory lay with the latter But the impor- tant point to notice is that the word "usury" at the time of the authorised version meant the same thing as the word "interest' means now, for whilst the condemnation of interest has ceased, there is still a strong feeling against exorbitant interest, which we call usury Now, in this passage m the Parable of the Talents it is essential that there should be no connotation that the interest was ex- cessive-" at least with interest " And, by the way, "interest" itself, though new to the Bible, is no modern word It is its old as Shakspeare, if not older In the "Merchant," I. 3 - " Antonio -Did he take ' interest ? "Shylock- No, not take 'Interest,' not as you would say, directly, ' interest '" Luke vin. 46-"Somebody hath touched me, for I perceive that ' virtue' is gone out of me," said our blessed Lord, when some one m the crowd pressed npon Him, and was healed The word "virtue" ia liable to be misunderetood Those who know that "virtue" only means what Dr Johnson calls " acting power," will feel sorry that the word has been changed to "power" in this and in other pas sages -Mark v 30, Luke vi. 19. It ia familiar to students of Milton " That owned the virtuous ring and glass "-" II Penseroso " "And every virtuous plant and healing herb" " Cornus ' It is quite natural, this feeling of regret Who is not sorry to bid " good bye" to in old friend ' But clearness to the ordinary reader was what the revisers had first to consider They themselves may oftentimeshave felt the regret yet been certain that they were in faith- fulness bound to let their old friends go I proceed now to discuss some words that appear for the first time m the pages of Holy bcripture. A new word is " aesassm. ' Whon Paul was being borne by the soldiers up the stairs of the castle at Jerusalem, the chief captain, astonished that he should speak Greek, said unto him, "Art thou not then the Egyptian which before these days Btirred up to sedition and led out into the wilderness the four thousand men of the AsBassins?' ActB xxi 30 It used to Btand "mur- derers," and if the translators had gone back to Wyclif, they would have said " men Blayers " The word in the Greek ib no Greek word at all, but, like other words of New Testament Greek, a Latin word transliterated "sicarn," and is derived from the Latin for "a curved dagger ' The history of the word " nesasBin" is curious. It is the name of a band of sectaries in Persia and Sjria, collected by one who was styled the "Old Man of theMountams"atthoendof the eleventh century. TheBe desperate fanatics, whose daggers wero always ready to enforce their creed, an offBhoot from that of Islam, made Mount Lebanon their stronghold, After a century and a half, Gibbon says, their daggers were broken, and "not a vestige is left of these enemies of mankind except the word ' assassin,' which, in the moBt odious eeiiBe, has been adopted in the languages of Europe " A learned Ger- man, wbo has written a history of this strange band, telle ua that the word is derived from an eastern word for the rich pastilles of henbane mixed with opium with which these wretches used to stupefy their senses when called upon for deeds of daring It was like the Indian bang You remember how Macaulay in his "Clive describes the natives who rushed furiously to attack Arcot - "Drunk with enthusiasm, drunk with bang ' The returning Crusaders brought the word "assasBin" into AVestcrn Europe. It baa early enough authority in English The derived noun ' ' assaSBinatiotí" ib used by Shakspeare m the well known passage m " Macbeth," I 7 - " If it wero done, when '11b dono, thon 'tworo woll It were dono quickly , if tho ' assassination ' Could trammel up tho conacquouco, and catch With his surcease, BUccees ' Milton u8eB it m Paradise Lost, XI. 219. " The Syrian king, who to aurprlao One man, ' assassin ' like, bad Iel led war, Vt ar unproclnlmcd " Now let us take another word that appears for the first time in the revised version " citizenship " It ib rather an ugly word, yet it ia correctly formed. Most of the nouns formed with that termination oro modern, "fellowship" is in the Bible. One place ib Phil in 20 It used to run-" our con. vereation is m heaven " This, aa faithful ness to the Greek required, has been altered to "citizenship" Ibis is a chango as old as Bishop Horne, who, quoting this passage, made this very alteration. The other place is in the Acts, where St Paul claims all the privileges of a Roman cituen It runs thus in the revised version - "Is it Ian ful for j ou to ecourgo a man that is a Ron.au and uncondcnincd ? And when tho tonturion beard It, ho weut to tho chief captain and told him sa} ii g ' What art thou about to do, for this man Is itoinan ' And the chief captain caine and said unt bim, 'Tell me, art thou a Itoinan! And he Bald 'Tea' And tho chief captain ansaorcd, 'With great Bum obtained I this cittzcnBhip ' And Paul Bald ' But I am a Roman born ' Now, this alteration was absolutely neces- sary. It ib quite true that we Btill hear of a great general being presented with the " freedom" of the city of London. Tho bur gesses of a city are still called its " freemen." 1 ho ordinary reader, however, hearing tóiB passage, interprets " I was fiecboru ' to mean "I waa not born a slave" Now, at the time of Paul, Roman citizenship meant the possession of certain privileges, such as, immunity from degrading punishment, and the right of appeal It had boen granted to 1 arsus, Paul's birthplace, as to certain other great cities of the empire, but outside tho pale of citizens there were two large classes, the slav'es and the freemen. In speaking of .these threo clasBeB-citizens, freomen, and slaveB-it ib eBaential thnt no term should be used which would bo generally interpreted of one, whilst it referred to another " Every good gift and every perfect ' boon ' cometh from above'-James i. 17. It used to Btanrl "gift" m both places, bnt the words in Greek are distinct. So for the first time this good old English word "boon"-old, yet quite modern in use-takes itB place in the Bible. The com- mentators are a little in doubt whether they can derive " boon" from the Latin "bonum," or whether it is from an old north country word with the first meaning of " prayer " or " request " The dictionaries give quotations ranging from Shakspeare erna Bacon down to Tennyson's Onone, and to a passage In ono of Lord Brougham's »ketches, where he con- trasts, almoBt in panningfanbion, " boon 'and " bone." " Baggage" (Acta _x 15) is a new word in the Bible, though it was ra the trans- lation of the Apocrypha. Hooker end SbakBpeare, Bacon and Addison, all ubo it, however undignified it may now appear It will at least have the merit of being under Btanded of tho people, which can hardly be claimed for the old version " We took np our carnages a quito obsolete sense, mean- ing what we have to carry We cannot con Biderall the new words na fu'ly as "assassin, ' 'citizenship, ' ' hoon, and "baggage" Suffice it if I give a list of some others 1 be list can hardly claim to be complete - ' Apparition,' Mark vi 49, "precede," 1 The6B iv 15, "dazzling," Luko ix 29; ' effulgence," Heb i 3," lo\ e-feasts, ' 2 Peter ii 13, "overlooked,' Acts xvni 30, special and technical words-"proconsul,1 "Hades," "djsentery,"Actsxxviu 8 I have tested theBO, and found authority for them which I could, if necesaary, and if timo allowed, furnish. Of course, the authority for the technical terma is not of the Bame nature aB for other wordB. But there is no doubt, for instance, that " dysentery,' itself derived from Greek words, waa prevalent in ancient times, and was the very diaeaao translated in our A V by the unpleasant expression, "a blood) flux " BeBideB wordB that now for tho first timo take rank as Bible wora., it may be worth while to mention that the following worda are new to the New Testament, being found in the Old -" Cruse,' an alabaster cruse of exceeding precious ointment-Mark xiv 3, Matt xxvi 7 Wo know the widow s craso of oil in the Old Testament " Glutton," now in St Paul s Epistle to Titus, in the quota- tion from Epimenides, the Greek poet, " The Cretans are always liars, evil beasts, idlo gluttone " Wefind "glutton" in the Proverbs, as we might expect " Plank, ra the ship- wreck chapter in the ActB, " some on plankB." " Circuit -" We made a circuit, ' in same chapter, for " fetched acompasB " "Forfeit," -"What doth it prout a mon to gain the whole world, and forfeit his life? -Mark viii SO Here "life' also appears for "bouI," but to follow this change wonld toke me into the region of doctrine. "Toll," for" custom," comes from Ezra. Both "crnse" and "toll" are rather archaic -innocent archaisms Two words that were formerly in the margin stand now ra the text-the verb " enrol, ' and noun " en- rolment," two or three times " All the world Bnould be ' taxed," ' now " enrolled " -Luko n 1, Heb in 23 " The general assembly and church of the firstborn who are enrolled in heaven " The other ib "gangrene'-2 lim n 17-"Their word will eat as doth a gangrene " Naturally, I observe with interest that the word "schoolmaster" has gone from tho Bible In Gal ni 24, the authorised version ran, "The law wua our 'schoolmaster' to lead na nnto Christ, that we might be justified by faith But after that faith is come we are no longer under a ' rchoolmaater ' " The new word IB " tutor," and it is bettor, bat it ia impossible exactly to find a word In Greece the boj s who attended day Bcbools were Bent to and fro under the charge of & slave, who wubcalled irmir-y-yos, from wbicb a dcrivedourEnglish"pedogoguo,' though the meaning has changed We muet suppose that these boys were little boys, and that the slave was really something of a nurse Tho iraitaywyos did no teaching Ho brought the children to the teacher, protecting them on the way, and seeing that tiley went to tho ecbool, and not on some private excursion of their own But the teaching was in the bands of the ai.-o-miAoc This name ocenrs often in the New Testament, being oftenest applied to the Great Teacher himaelf I re joice that, except m one place, " Be not many teachers "-James m 1-the revisers have kept for tbiB word the translation " master " It is literally " teacher," and it ia right enough that the literal translation bo in the margin But I ventare to think the law of association has given much greater dignity to tho word " master ' than to the word " teacher ' I muBt be careful, how- ever, in Victoria, for I remember once the BiBhop being indignantly attacked for speaking of schoolmasters matead of teachers, and I have high authority for saving that there are no school- masters here When afraid that my name might not be on the ratepaj era roll, I took out an elector's right, at the price of ono shil- ling, as soon after my arrival as by law I conld, I gave my profession as " schoolmaster, ' and the gentleman who waa to give me the right answered, " There arenoschoolmastershere." The word "tutor' is better than "school- master" for the passage in the Galatians, yet tutorB teach, except college tutors at Cam ondge "Tutor ísnotnewtotbetextofthe Bible CunouBly enough, only six verses further on it occurred The child "is under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father ' Tins also conveys a wrong impression, for it would look as if the second were the more important oflice, whereas I "tutor' is here used in an old sense, its Latin sense, and means a "guardian" The " governor ' is the subordinate. " Guardians and Btewarda ' of the re- vised version is far more satisfactory. After master I will take " servant This word occurs m the revised version frequently as of yore The Greek word, which ib gone rally represented by it, when it occurs in other bookB, l8 usually translated ' Blave " Now "slave occurs but once in the New Testament, in the book of Revelation (xvlil. 13)-" And the morchanta of the earth weep and mourn over her, ,for no man buyetn tbeir merchandise any more, merchandise of gold and silver and precious stoneB and pearls, and fine linen, and purple, and silk, and scarlet, and all thyme wood and every vessel of ivory and every vessel made of moat pre cioua wood, and of braBS and iron and marble, and cinnamon and epice and incenae and ointment, and frankincense, and wine, and oil, and fine flour and wheat, and cattle and sheep, and merchandise of horses, and chariots,and 'slaves,'and souls of men ' The word used for "slaves is literally "bodieB," so that the end of the list might read " and bodieB and souls of men." In three places the révisera have put " bondservant " for " servant m the text, and ra all places they I have added it in the margin 1 Cor. vii. 23, 1 Peter n 16, and 2 Peter n 19. Ono of the I three 1 take as an illustration - ICor vii S3 (roused vondon) -" Wast thou callod being a bondservant 7 caro not for it, but If thou canst bceomo freo uso it ratbor For ho that was called In tho Lord, being a bondservant, is tho Lords freeman, Hkewlfo ho that was called, being free. Is Chlsts bondservant .euere bought with a price, become not bondservants of mon " Substitute "slave' in the above, and the contrast ib twice as vivid It seems a pity that translators, from Wyclif downwards, would not boldly translate óoüXoe "slave. But it may be asked why do they shrink from bo translating I answer, because they wished to adapt the verses for the nae of the modern world, and the modern world shrinks from slavery, A Bervant is under contract, and can ceaae it w hen he will. A Blave can- not terminate an engagement, but serves against his will Even in the Epistle to Philemon, Oneaunus ia described Btill as a servant He was a runaway slave, but the translators wero afraid of making the Bible sanction slavery, and bo they adapted it - I venture to think a dangerous practice. You may obIc, then, aa has been asked before, i" Did the Bible aanction American slavery *" I answer shortly, aB waa anaweredonce before, " when a Southern planter could bave a slave aent back to bim with auch a letter as Puul wrote to Philemon, then American (or any other) alavery would bo very near ita end There aro three other connected worda One (oímtki) means servants of the house (I Peter a l8) Another is ra Matt xx 27 -" But whosoover would become great among you shall be vour minister ' Here "minister' is oWoyo-, the very word from which our "dea.on comes The third word ia -TTnotTijv, which occurs twice When our Lord waa before tho High Priest, St. Markixiv 05) tellB uathat " the servants did strike Bim with the palms of their hands ' It now runs, " and the officers received him with blowB of their bands AVben in the syna- gogue at Nazareth, our Lord bad read from tho book of the prophet iBamh, St Luke records that "Ho closed the book, and gave it back to tbo 'attendant ' In tho authorised verBion tho word is "minister ' Tho ordinary reader wonld think that it meant somi one analogous to our clergyman But it wua rather a verger, or care taker of the synagogue, certainly no high official, an acolyte at best Strange ia the hiatory of the word minister, nn instance of tho law of amelioration in language. Originally a " servant," it has been promoted until Primo MraiBter (say of England) is ona of the highest of earth s distinctions, whilst little less of real glory is attached $o the word when applied to those wno aro ministers of the Most High God. In tbo reviBed version the proper names are very much more correct than in the autho- rised version The translators of King James's time were not at all consistent about nameB Yet thiB rule wob laid down for them on the Bubject-"Tho names of the prophetB and the holy writers, with the other nameB of the text to be retained, as nigh as may bo, according as they were vulgarly need * Yet ra the leas common names wo often find two forms in one case even in the same chapter-Timothy and Timotheus, Mark and Marcus, Luko and I Lucas, Jeremy and Jeremías, Madian and I Mldian, Miletus and Milotum. Croles and Cretians, Judea and Jewry. Now, at any rate, there is uniformity, and a uniform nae ( of tue more familiar form of each name. Moreover, in the authorised version the ob«« ractera of the Old Testament appear under different names when mentioned in the New, a fact which' caiiBes great puzzlement to the unlearned and ignorant. Noah is Noo; Elijah, Elias ; Elisha, Elíseas ; Kish, Saul's father, is Cis. The prophets Isaiah, Jere- miah, and Hosea are known respectively as Esaias, Jeremy, and Osee, both the latter forms having to some almost a grotesque shape. In the Epistle of St. Judo come the words " who perished in the gainsaying of Core." The name looks almost as if it wera meant to be a monosyllable, and it is said that it was sometimes so read even by dignitaries of the church. Bnt if this e was not to be mute, there waa another c which was, yet was often in reading pronounced, having the effect of changing a masculine into a feminine name. Among the salutations at the end of the epistle to the Romans waa the name Urban, curiously enough spelt Urbane. It now stands Urbanas. "But there is another name" here I quote Dr. Roberts, whose article in Fraser and Companion to the Revixed Version have helped mo in preparing thia lecture ; he puts tho next point so well that I quote hie words- But there is another name which here calls for special notice-' even tho name that is above every name.' The Greek form, of Joshua ia Jeans, and for that very insufficient reason Jesus stands in two passages of the authorised version where Joshua, the leader of Israel, íb intended. These aro Acta vii. 4-5, and Heb. iv. 8, and in both passages the introduction of the name of Jnsus must have proved very puzzling to plain English readers. When they lind it stated that ' if Jesus had given them reBt, then would he (David) not afterwards have spoken of another day," their minda are certain to form some con- fused notion of the Saviour, who is the author of reat to His people. And thus is a EasBoge of Scripture obscured and perverted y the use of the name Jesus instead of Joshua, to designate the illustrious captain of the children of Israel." There ia one alteration of a name which cer- tainly spoils the rhythm in a passage of sin- gular and touching beauty. It is at the close of St. John's Gospel, where our Lord asks St. Peter the same solemn question three times. "Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou rae?' It has been altered into "Simon, son of John." Amongst names of places, I notice that Appii Forum has become the Market of Appiua. When Mr. Spur- geon firat visited the Mediterranean, he told thoae to whom he afterwards lectured how much it interested him that this was the sea on which blew the Euroclydon. Now, I have no kind of doubt that this word íb a miBtako in copying analogous to a misprint of to-day. I re member a writer once using the word " wrotch lessneas," and adding "afino old word used by the compilera of our articles." I venture to maintain that wretchlessnesa-the con- dition of being without a wretch-has no meaning, and that it was in the articles amis spelling for " reckleaaness." Curiously enough, the earlier translators in the Hexapla, Wychf, Tyndale, Cranmer, the Geneva, the Rheims, none of them have this mistake, but say "allow of wind out of the north-east," or, as the reviserB put, Euraquilo, the true reading. The Englishmen of England know bo well the fierce north-east wind, " that mnkcB (or íb supposed to make) the hardy Englishman, that I faucy the earlier translators had the truer instinct in not leaving the word untranalated. Four claBBical deities aro mentioned in the New Testament. Whan the people at Lye tra Baw what Paul had done in healing a man impotent in his feet, a cripple from his mother's womb, they lifted np their voicea, saying in the speech of Ly caonia, "The gods are come down to us in the likeness of men. And they called Dar nabas Jupiter and Paul Mercurius, because ho was the chief speaker." Mercurius has now the more familiar form, Mercury. On Paul'B second journey at the town of Ephesus, a silversmith who made silver shrines for Diana stirred up no small uproar amongst his fellow-craftsmen ' ' because their craft was in danger to be Bet at nought." These three deities remain in their Latin dress, although the Greek íb put in the margin Zeus, HermeB, and Artemis. In spite of the fact that the New Testament scriptures were written in Greek, Latin has had a far stronger hold over Christian Europa. Just as we take even now the names of many German towns through the French, though they are often distorted hy passing through that channel, eo the Greek goda and goddesses are often translated into their nearest Latin equivalents, though frequently there ia a wide distinction of natnrc, as between Venus, the goddess of sensual passion, and Aphrodite, the ethereal goddess of desire. But though the Btory is told in Greek, theBO men of Lystra were neither Greek nor Romans. Living nearer to Greek cities they were likely to be influenced by Greek views ; being under Roman rule it íb possible, though hardly pro-, bable, that they had adopted something of the Roman religion. The city of Ephesus was Greek in its origin, but the religioiiB cult of the city was special, and in its nature orientât "The great goddess Diana," or Artemia, " the image which fell down from Jupiter," or from the sky, was a singularly ugly idol, as far as possible removed fromthegraceful form of tho huntress goddess. The other classical deity mentioned is Mars or Area, the god of war. Here the authorised version used both the Greek and the Latin form of the name. In the chapter which contains St. Paul's noble sermon at Athens, the former translators speak within a few vereeB both of Areopagus and of Mars'-hill. The older translators curiously, and, it must be added, incorrectly, have " Mars -street ;" except Wyclif, who has "Ariopage." The révisera bave in this case elected to accept the Greek name, probably because the Court of Areopagus is in no other writera called the " Court of MarB'-hill." Tho two wordB have been moulded into one. Whilst commenting on this passage, I should wish to pass to con- sider the exordium of the sermon at Athens. In the authorised version it runs, " Ye men of AthenB, I perceive that in all things ye are too superstitious." I confess I have never liked this. It does not harmonise. It aeems deficient in tact to insult your audience at the outset. In the revised version it is, " Ye men of Athens, in all things I perceive that ye are somewhat superstitiouB." Now the American committee record a its dissent, and wisheB the reading to be "very roligious ;" and I confess that this has alwayB seemed to rae what fitness requires in the passage. " Ye men of AthenB, in all things I perceive that ye arevery religious." I prefer the rendering "very religious," but lam afraid that aigument other than fitneBB íb against the Americans and mo. The word is compnrativeand not superlative. It is Sit<ri5aip.ovurrtpoi. " Superstitious" or " religious" turns on the meaning of the word oníutin», and the meaning of the word Sat/twv is perilously near the doctrinal rock that 1 have sought to avoid ; for èal/imv is both in the authorised vor Bion and in the revised version trans- lated " devil," n word which more pro- perly translates SiaßoXos, the arch-slanderer. Having a fear of devils may bo con- sidered BuperBtitious, but it is religious to have a reverence for supernatural boings. And Socrates, for instance, had. a good Sal/iwii, a sort of guardian angel. I have reserved one question until last-the question of rhythm. It is said that in many placeB the revisere have disturbed and spoilt the rhythm, that much of the music of the older verBÍon has vanished from the new. It ia perfectly truo that the rhythm is often altered. I am inclined to doubt whether we to_whose ears the old is bo familiar aro quite fair judges as to the spoiling. The caris very conservative, and will rebel against all change. Many of us who read Tennyaon'a EoemB when young men are indignant that e has changed linea hero and there, up and down, in his volumes. As a student of his writings, I have compared his poema as I firat knew them with poems as he first pub- lished them, and liked tho later forms im- measurably better. The law would seem to be, not that the poet's ear was best in his middle period, but that readers like best that to which their car first becomes accustomed. I have tried the revised version in the fairest manner that I could, by reading aloud in a large schoolroom, in a small schoolroom, in nprivate room. With all modesty I would give my opinion that the rhythm and cadences are not spoilt, though there are several pas- sages which will require time ere our ear accepts them. The most famous alteration is in that loveliest of chapters, the 13th of the 1st of Corinthians. The earlier trans lators have "love," and ¡t is in accord- ance with the consistent change by which the Greek àyû-t ia not now and then but always translated love, the same word in the vorae " God íb love" and in the chapter summed up in "Now abideth faith, hope.love, these three, and the greatest of these is iovo. Charity ¡8 a lovely word, representing a lovely virtue. But the meaning ia frequently mis- taken. "Charity covereth a multitude of sins," says the rich man as he makea a dona- tion. Nay ! sir, the apostle Baid, " though I liestow ' all' ray goods to feed the poor and have not charity it profiteth me nothing." I saw recently that in a popular reference book charity is interpreted to mean "thinking well of your neighbours." Surely it is wider ; Barely it means nothing less than all the virtue that this chapter tells us of. Once more do we repeat the words of Hood the poet " Alas for the rarity Of Christian charity Under tho Bun." My friends, I trust that I have interested you in the work of the revised translation. The last word will not be said concerning it for iinany a long day, and I havetnerely presented yon this afternoon with a few firstling ears of the harvest even of HnguiBtio criticism. The workof therevisersis not faultless-no human work is-bat it is exceedingly valuable So highly have I spoken in ita praise that I would fain leave with you this couplet of the poet by woy of caution " Tho old things aro not thoroforo true,] No, brother man, nor yot the new The lecturer waa listened to throughout with the closest attention The Cbaiuman, in proposing a vote of thanks to the lecturer Bald that he deserved great thanks for the vast amount of labour thatT he must have incurred in preparing the lecture which waa not only interesting but improving I The voto of thanka was carnod by accla mation 