: ';'; . ' j$yc|flr. ' J&ME; STRANGELY FULFILLED DREAMS. Bt Bkrubd' A- PaooriK! at ' Bewbavia. ' So ia as can be judged by ordinary methods or interpretation, it would sera, that In the days when the hfctory of Joseph was written, «a again in Retime of Daniel, no doubt wan enfeitalnea resp«-eti»g «» «fl*rnatu»lorigtaolau *«*«*. Jouri' brothers, according to iihe n«r»tive, wok it for granted that Joseph', dwam. indited -gomrthing which was to happen a* «» Jhtnw. Whether they questlontd the -Validity of Ma own mterpretatton «^ ?altogether dear. They hated him after bis f SdrZa, and envied him, w^aw told, aXldTSeeond: which shows they,feared ! : SSttightberightlnhwinterpretataen; bat, tmlKkeihand, they conspired togetfwr todaj him, which suggest. &«* '^ruaned I «me doubts on the subject .In ''*?'? ?«? expressly told that when they conspired SShim, W said, -Behold. *M.a™amer Smeliir^ome now therefore, and let ub clay him,' and so forth, ?? and we shall see , wiirwDl become of hia dreams.' 'J™*; moreover, though he had 'observed I Joseph's rt«aying' about the dream (after reboUg Mm for telling the rtory), seems j» . tavTtaken Joseph's death for gnML 'Joseph is withoat doubt rent in pwces. Possibly in those days, even a. sow, [««'*» ««. nnHnnA whin they were fulfilled, and forgotten when,*, it seemed, they remaineu itofulfilled. '? In like maaner, when the batter and baker of Pharaoh dreamed each man his dream in one night, they We «a-l {that i., serious) the Zndwhat the dreams meant. But Joseph Mid, «Do not interpretations belong to GdoV Doubtless this was the ««ePted belief in the days when the history of Joseph w» written. It is singular that the butter though he forgot Joseph till Fnarcol £ drenma reminded bun of bis fellow prisoner, Beenus w *»**» «»»*«—-- , 3 lower of interpreting the two dreams && the power of bringing about the '?Wits supposed to be portended by the dreams. 'It came to pasa, a«he interpreted to ns, bo it was ; me he restored unto mine office him be hanged.' Itis jurtthus that, in on* own time, persona who believe in the claims of fortune-tellers to predict the j luture, commonly believe also that fortune tellers can to some degree control the future j Pharaoh's dreams were rather more fortu- 1 sate to Joseph than eitHfer bis ewn or those j of the chief butler and baker. (It is note- 1 worthy how the dreams of the story run in j pairs.) In fact, one might be led to surmise iw i,a initofitAri somethlne of the ingenuity jjhown by\his f ather'a mother— referring to an arrangement, a year or two before Joseph entered the world, in which Mb mother ?howad to no great advantage, according to modern ideas. Be this as it may, it was certainly a clever thought of Joseph to ?nggest that the unfavourable weather be had predicted might be provided against toy appointiBK a man discreet and wise to look alter the interests of Egypt. Whom wm Pharaoh likely to appoint bat the person who predicted the seven bad harvests? Evenw, In thaw our own times, another Joseph told the Britith Pharaoh who lately ruled over India that years of famine in India can be predicted, and their effects prevented by ap pointing a man diioreet and wise to leak after the interests of India. And it is curions ? . ? i. n_«± ±Y.Zn ^nAartn J/iaann flPfimB 10 have turned Ms thoughts to his ancient namesake, putting forward the idea that 1 the seven good years and the seven bad 1 yeans were years of many eun-spots, j followed by years of few sun-spots. May, so strangely do these coincidences some- j times run on all-foure, that the younger 1 Joseph has addpted tbe idea that the pyramids of Egypt (which were once thought to be Joseph's store- houses) were 'astronomical instruments. Now, it k certain, though this he has not noticed, that before the upper half (in height) of tbe great pyramid was set on, the great ascending gallery might have been usedaU the year round for observing the eun at j soon.; and that by using a dark screen admitting the sun's light only through a ' amail opening in this curtain, a large and well-defined image of the sun could have been obtained without any telescope, an image ehowing any large spots which might be present on the sun's disc It would be a pleasant theory (and all the better Baited for association with the sun-spot-weather theory, in having no valid evidence in its favour) to euggesi that Jo'aeph really racer, tained the approach of good and bad harvests by solar observation. His advice was that the fifth part of the land of Egypt should lie taken up— that is, atowd up^-in the seven plenteous years; but the Aettonomer Eoval for 'Scotland assures u» that the Bombors five and seven are jjymoouaea repeatedly in the great pyiamia. Could anything clearer be desired? j But although i have been *&-™g fancy to lead me fax away from facts, I thinfcitmaysaieljbeirrferredfromarestory of Pharaoh'e dreams that the prediction of sood and bad harvests was one of the dualities which the Pharaoh's chiefly Gained in their wise men, whether magi or astrologers. The story of Webucbadnez aar's dream is still more singular. I suppose tbe usual service expected by the kings of B*bylon irom their soothsayer rTi^j «.Ko intxmmtaiion of all dreams I which had left a jrtwng topreBBion on the I Sag's mted— dreamB like the night visions of Mohaz the Temanite, bringing fear and trembling, making all the bones to shake. It does not aeem to have entered Into the orJUnary.couiBe of their duties to tell the WnRfirat what he had dreamed (when he had forgotten), and *fterwardB what the dwam might signify. Indeed, thougb id ^^is; not a very uncommon occurrence w wr&ov; , ? a dream/ yet a dream which has been forgotten does not generally leave a very string impression, and therefore would not require interpretation. I* happened other wise with Nebuchadnezzar. His :spint was troubled, and his «»W ?**? *°™ ^M because of hiB dream, but what he had dreamt he could not remember, iws action hereupon was somewhat crazy; but J we must remember there was madness in his blood. He told the Chaldasans, that if fliey' would not make known to him his -lrplm and the interpretation thereof, they I should be cnt in pieces, and thm houses made a dunghill.' TMb was precisely the way one would imagine, to cause them to invent a dream for him (he could not have ] detected the truth very well), and to have devised a suitable interpretation, pleasing in the king's eyes— which to persons ot Seir ingenuity should not have been very difficult.* „ ;, However, we most not further con sider these more ancient dreams, but TLr, at once to the examinatian of some of ih0Be remarkable dreams or jnooeru ^nes which have been regarded as stowing that' dreams are really sent to some ^ases as foiewarnings, or at anyrate *e iote ? -hadowingsof realevents. Iproposetoconsider Sesenwratives with special »fe«»ce_ to the tfeaoivtfuit dreams which seem to be fulfilled 1 breams occorriog and so many events, that iSSd ia fact be «t«nger that .no such iumtoenta should be recognised than that some among them shonld eesm excaedlngly 8trSre is^ne dream rtors ^h can if true in all its partlcuto. .It » 'gjf ™^,lnc effective or otherwise accordifig to WBMM ^S'^e night of U* May, ISIS, Mr. Williams, of Scowio* noase, ac*r «=«-?-? i- nnrnWaU woka his wife, and in great agiSon told her of a strange drea« .he had iSst had. He dreamt he w«rin the lobby trouble himself about the dream, but to go to slesp again. Ha foUowei her advice, but ireteX wok. her again, eaytogjie had ££ftl» 8a.Be dream. Yet . ?**«*' ^the dream repeated ; after which he was Io^distarbedtfa*t,Wtebi»wifeSeatreadeB that he would trouble .himself .no more about the House of Commoae, but _ try to deep 4*ietly. be got up and «»«*£»«£; nm;5»o-. hPHr»«n one and two o'clock in the m«mng. At breakfast, Mr. Williams coa^d ;, talk of nothing bat the dream; i »»dear^ ( the same mowing he went to Alnoajta, ? vhere he told the dream to all ^of ^ , acquiiniattce whom he met. Next day, Mr. Tucker, of Trematon Castle, accompanied by only be in a dIOam that the ChanceUor would be found in the lobby of the House of Commons. Mx. Tucker asked what sort of man the Chancellor seemed to be, and llr. , wmurne miuatelv described the man who nras murdered in his dream. Mr. Tacker replied, ' Tour desciipaon is not at all that at the ChanceUor, but is very exactly thas of Mr. P-aeeval, the Chancellor of she iiiS chequer.' He asked if Mr. Williams had ever seen Mr. Perceval, and Mr. Williams replied that be had never eeen him or had any communication of any Bort with him; and, further, that he had never been in the House of Commons in hiB life. As thia moment they heard the sound of a-Aorss galloping to the door of the bouse ; imme* diately after a son of Mr. Williams entered the room, and said tnat ne naa gauopeu u»u. i Truro, having 'seen a gentleman thera -who j had come by that eveniBg'a mail from town, I and who had been in she lobby -of the{ House of Commons on the evening ot the I 11th, when a man called BelUngham had | shot Mr. Perceval. After the astonishment J which this intelligence created had a little j subsided, Mr. Williams degcribsd most j minutely the appearancs aad dress of the man whom he had seen in his dream fire the pistol at the Chancellor, as also the' appear ance and dress of the Chancellor. About six wee&s; alter, jnx. v»iuiamo» mnuj ^-.— | ness In town, went, in company with a friend, j to the House of Commons, where, as has been j already observed, he had never before been, j Immediately -that he came to the steps of the entrance of the lobby, he said, 'Thia place is as distinctly within my recollection in my dream «s any room in my own bouse,' and he made the eame . observation when he entered the lobby. He then pointed oat the exact spot where Bslliogham stood when he fired, and also that which mt. i Perceval had reached when he was struck »y ] the ball, where he fell. The dress both of J Mr. Perceval and BelUngham agreed wish the 1 description given by Mr. Williams even to I the most minute particulars. J So runs the story. Of coarse, like the j « well- authenticated' ghost stories, this one is J confirmed by a number ot particulars which j are open to no other disadvantage than that j of depending, like the rest of the story, on I the narrator himself. It would be utterly I absurd tobase any theory respecting dreams I on a story of this sort. Toe fact that on the j sight in question Mr. Williams dreamt about I a murder in the House of Commons depends j on bis own assertion and bis wife's confiraa- 1 description of Perceval and Ballbgh&i-;, Me. William»'e ignorance respecting Mr- | Perceval's appearance and the arrangement of ! the roomB in tbe House of Commons, these ana a number of other matters essectial tc the effect of the story, depend on ' trust worthy «rttnesses,' whose evidence has in point of fact never been taken. Ail these points are like the details which 'appear in the papers the first lew days after the occurrence o£ some ' tragic event.' They may *-e true or not, but they are spi to undergo considerable alteration when the witnesses are actually examined. If we accepted the story precisely as it stands, we «hoald be led to some rather startling results. In the first place, the coincidences are too numerous to be ex- I plained as merely accidental. Mr. WillUmB, j or any other among the millions who slept j and dreamt on the night of the murder, J might be readily eseugh believed, to . have 1 had a startling dream about the murder of j some member of Parliament high in office, j Nor could the triple repetition of euch a j dream be surprising ; for a dream which has j produced a great effect on the mind is apt to 9 be repeated. Bat that the event itself of j Perceval's murder should be represented :j precisely as it occurred to a man wno am no* know Perceval or BelUngham from Adam, involves a multiplicity of relations which could not conceivably be all fulfilled simultaneously. We should have to admit;, if we accepted the story as it stands, that there was something, I will not say super natural or preternatural, but outside the range of known natural laws, in the dreaaiB i of Mr. Williams of Scorrior House. Now, the csse does not fall under precisely the same category as those numerous stories told 01 tne apjpettraiiuo vi jrv*«jv»*p| «*« '*— *? i moment of their Heath, to friands or relatives at a distance. In the firat place, most of these stories are themselves open to grave I doubt. ' The persons who relate them aie, by J their own account, of highly sensitive and 1 readily excitable temperament, and we do | not look for perfectly uncolouyed narratives t from euch persons. Bat, even if we accept the general theory that, under certain con ditions, the mind of a dying person may affect in some way the mind of a person at a distance whois in some way insympainy witntne mori bund, we can hardly extend the theory to include strangers. It may not be utterly incredible, perhaps, that some physical moae ol communication exists by which on« brain may receive the same impressions which affect another— though I must confess I can not see my own way to believe anything of the sort. But we ean hardly imagine that the brain of a sleeping person in no way connected with a dying man could be affected by such brain-waves. Every story . of the kind, truthful or otherwise, has described an impression produced on some dear iriena or xbuhii*« i »« «n«» m» — -—— be justified in thinking (if we believed these stories at all) that 'brain-waves are especially intended for the benefit of close friends or near of kin. It would be a new and startling thine if any man might have a vision of any other person who chanced to be dying ; and, considering that not a minute passes without !?™t ^«i*h«:«hUe there are some 1500 millions of living persona, scarcely a day might be expected to pass without some one or other of the multitudinous deaths of tbe day finding some one or other brain among the 1500 millions in the proper frame for receiving the visionary communication by tho. brain- wave method. Nor is it easy to imagine a religiously supernataral bflerpretation ** tto «ory., eireftdy dead. The event conld produce no beneficial influence or. ciackicrt Rsnerally, or on the Eoalish people epecUU/j or the Cornish, frik sfci.Il more epemd?. The number of peraous who could be cerium that Mr. Williams waa telling the trash (always on oar present sssumption that this was the c««) were very few— in fact, only Mr. and Mrs. Wilii&ms;, Mr. Tucker, and perbaps one or two friends who remembered that the details o£ the murder were ? ?^_x-j un«A«A fho nnTCs con*a : bave reached Mr. Williams. One does not readily see how WiUiams himeell was to be beneficially influenced by his remarkable experience.' Most of those who | beard the story would sit; in the seat of the .ecornful, and receive no benefit, but harm. The idea generally entertained, and most probably b? Williams as weU' as the rest. would bs sunpvy hub, tnat, u. ^ «»-= '~ whae to let a miraculous vision of Per ceval's murder appear to anyone, it would have been well to have let the warn appear before the event, and to some one not living' «uite so far from town. Not, h£aTi&5 the warning nrigo* »ve ! Bmenl.- for in reality it is ?% bull of the broadest sort to imagine that a *rae vision of ? a*, „,.„ nmvABt the murder. But a warning dr.am might serve Mefol purposes without preventing the event it ^dicaxed. It a man dreamt that ha was to die in a week, and beUeved the dream, he would have no hope from the advice, ol tas.-dootor.oir from any other precautions ha might make „„,;»!, i»at.h ? t-«t he would usetaUy employ bhe week in arranging his aff«r«. Bat it Eould be of no earthly use to £m*n}. « | anyone *Ise, that a vision of his death should j appear in triplicate to some oae down in Cornwall on the very night when the trauedy occurred in Ii radon. ? ? .. (To be cmMnwA-J 