a roman noble's luck, From one point of view — what might be termed the ladies' point of view — the most inter esting man in Rome is the Duke of Gallese, who is an even more striking example than Torlonia of the vanity of human wisheB. The Duke b name is Hardoun, and he was born in a village in the south of France, whence as a sergeant of cavalry, he came in the army of occupation to Rome. He happened to be quarted in the Pal azzo Altemps, in the court of which he was daily to be seen grooming bis horse. While thus en gaged he used to be observed and admired by the owner of the palazzo, the middle-aged Countess Altemp, who thought it wound be a pity that so fine looking young fellow should be a mere French sergeant. Tender relations soon began between the two, but how could she marry a noncommissioned officer ? Woman's ingenuity, however, soon found a way out of the difficulty. Along with various properties, the Countess in herited several titles which seemed destined to die with lier, as she had no children. Her wealth and social position made her influential at the Vatican, and the good-natured Pius IX was ever ready to oblige his friends. Ho was in duced, therefore, to bestow one of these titles upon the lucky Hardoun, who lost no time in 'marrying his patroness. It soon appeared that fortune had only begun to smile ;on him, for ere long his wife died in child-birth, leaving a son who just lived long enough to inherit his mother's property and pass it on to his father. Here was now the newly made duke enormously rich, still young, and as handsome as- ever ; only a wife after his own heart was necessarv to complete his happiness, and for. this he had not far to seek. Young, beautiful, and of good family, the new duchess of course smoothed her husband's path in society, which, at the worst, would not have been too rough ; for though uneducated, the duke was not with out tact and good sense. But this complete happiness was not destined to last long, for, after a few years, the duchess was suddenly stricken with madness. Her monomanic con sisted in believing herself pm sued by the ghost of her predecessor, seeing herself everywhere followed by a woman with a dead child in her arms, who vows destruction to her and her children. Frequently she has escaped from her house and hurried through the streets of Rome towards the Tiber, ever crying, " My children 1 My children 1" 