ATHANASIAN CREED. (To the Editor of the Protestant Standard.) Sir, — It is lamentable that the Christian Churoh should be so split and rent by the various opinions of Christians, if we only consider the oreed calmly and! thoughtfully we shall find that the interpreta- tion put upon this creed has no resting place, out in the morbid imagination of the enthusiast ; we have first in the Apostle's ' Creed the dootrine of the Trinity expressed, the Nicene Greed explains, and- the Athanasian Creed ; : defines it that; it may not be explained away ; the ; Creed asserts, " The Catholio Faith is this that we worship one God in Trinity and Trinity in Unity, neither confounding the person nor dividing the substance," and then - it prooeeds, "For there is one- person of the- Father, another of the Son, and another of the Holy Ghost," proving the distinot personality of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, "so as in all things aforesaid, the Unity in Trinity and Trinity in Unity is to be worshipped, he therefore that wiirbe ' saved mast, thus think of the Trinity ; " and then prooeeds to define the doctrine of Christ's incarnation, and erids in similar proof deduotion and conclusion, saying, " This is the Catholic faith, which if a man believe not faithfully he cannot be saved ; " in the Athanasian Creed, the doctrine is asserted with confidence of God's word, that if it is not believed we shall perish everlastingly, bat the illustration explanation or definition, may or may not be accepted, although it may be perfeotly true, as in a sermon, the text on which it is baBed is God's word, and must be received at the peril of the soul, but we are not bound to believe the discourse on that sermon ; thus it is evident that the things contained in the beginning and end of the creed are spoken of as matters of Faith, but this t intermediate .matter which is inserted in opposition to existing errors, is matter of opinion only. In reference to the first and last part, (the doctrine of the Trinity and Incarnation and oflleeB of Christ) the certainty of condemnation is asserted, but in reference to the intermediate past, nothing is asserted, except that such are the views which we ought to entertain of the point in question, it was particularly directed against the Sabellians and ArianB, who denied these things. If I tell a person that .unless he believes in Christ he cannot be saved, he may or may not believe it, but if .1 quote the very words of Christ, " he that , believeth not shall be damned," this he must believe at the peril of hie soul. It is a calumnious, report; to say that those who believe the Creed, consign to perdition all who don't believe it (what God' says muBt be believed), or that we cut off from salvation the whole of the Eastern Church, wo a ioroia coat we snouia so asBerc, 101s preroga tive is God's alone; and " shall not the judge of all the earth do right, all." Therefore, that is required of us in the Athanasian Creed as necessary to salvation is, that before all things, we hold the Catholic faith ; which faith is stated to bo this, " that. we worship, one God in Trinity and Trinity in Unity neither confounding the persons nor dividing the substance," thisit iB declared is neces sary to bo believed, but all that follows from the fifth to twenty-fifth verse inclusive, is only brought as a proof and ' illustration, of it, and therefore requires' our assent no, more than a sermon does, which is written in order to prove or illustrate a. text, if this explanation does not satisfy the mind of any man, all what. I caii Bay is, it doeB mine, to others if it' fails, I cannot help it ; as this is un answer to a question publicly asked in the Standard, ; I hope "that my answer may get' publicity. . I am, yours truly, THOMAS O'DELL. Morpeth, December 12th, 1881. P.S. — It will- be evident that the damnatory olauseB .as they are termed, are ' to' be understood - solely in reference to the doctrine afErmed,and iy no means to the -parts . which are barely adduced in confirmation ,of it all therefore that the creed teaches- is that we hold; the Catholic faith—with reference to the Trinify and Incar-, nation of Jesus Christ. When will Christians divert themselves from' the silliness of childhood, " when I was a child, I. spoke as a 'child, thought as a, child," but when I became a man I.'put away,' childish' things;" The Church of England is found fault with, for members generally reverence Jesus, by bowing at His name ! ! ' (If the above ' explanation " " satisfies " Mr. O'Dell, we must say he is very easily satisfied. But of' what consequence is it that'when the mis called "creed" is publicly read he can .lay this flattering'1 unction secretly to. 'his soul, when the- multitude cannot -have his ' ingenious gloss pre sented every stinae; ' but are dependent 1 on the natural, meaning of. the;.1 words they say. ; To arrive, at. the process of self- delusion Mr. O'Dell in the beginning -coolly omits abundance of matter between the words "Holy Ghost" and "so aa in all things,. &o.;'," which artificial hiatus the people in church are obliged to. hour filled up ; the dam-: natory clause will then stand thus in (eg.) refer-' ence to one clause "The Holy Ghost is of the Father and of the Son neither made, nor created j ; nor begotten but proceeding— He therefore' that will be saved must thuB think of the Trinity'"— and this one clause datnnB the whole Greek Church. The alleged distinction between " the doctrine affirmed and the ports adduced in con-' firmation of it " hoe no place here — this is em phatically a doctrine and a dogma, : and nothing else. It is so stated in the Apostles and Nicene Creeds too, as they; have been altered by the papacy .and foolishly adopted by the churches of the reformation — "filiogue — and from the Son" was not in the early oreeds is abhorrent to the Eastern Church — they don't "think thus" and the Athanasian Creed says they cannot be saved. If it be the act. of an enthusiast tojread plain English as it is clearly meant — we confess that we deserve the epithet, and wei can scarcely npniiit'Vif1 disBniTenuonBness anv attemnt to force upon it impossible interpretation. - -Ed. P.S. 