AMUSEMENTS. To-night the Mendelssohn Quintette Club will bring to a close the series of those high-class concerts which during the past fortnight have attracted such appreciative audiences to the Masonic Hall. During the season a number of classical works have been performed, which very few people indeed had heard played by a quartette 01 quintette of strings, and never by such an artistic combination as the Quintette Club; and, in addition to these, other com- positions of a more popular nature have afforded nearly every member of the club in turn an opportunity to show his capacity as a solo artist. It is now generally conceded that Mr. Giese is the best violoncello who has visited Sydney, that Mr. Ryan is a perfect master of the clarionette, that Mr. Schnitzler is a wonderfully gifted violinist, that Mr. Schade is a flautist of an annual merit, that Mr. Shiels worthily seconds Mr. Schnieder, and that Miss Cora R. Miller deserves the praises she has won as a singer of operatic music ; while from the first it has been acknowledged that in the artistic, unaffected manner in which it performs concerted music, the club excels any organization the Sydney public has listened to previously. Last night's concert was largely attended and the programme, almost every number of which we have spoken of before, was thoroughly enjoyed. The programme for this evening is a specially well-arranged one, and though the members of the Mendelssohn Qtvin sette Club were determined to leave none but the most pleasant memories behind them. All lovers of good sense will be glad to see them return to us for a second S At the theatres there is little change to report. The Theatre Royal was crowded, and " La Fille du Tambour Major," which will be repeated during (next' week only, was as heartily applauded as it s Was on the opening night. The Gaiety Theatre was also crowded, and ''Mother-in-Law" and the burlesque of "The Corsican Brothers" which has been made the medium for a number of localisms created that spontaneous and almost constant merriment which is about the best tribute to the merit of comedy or burlesque that can be given. " Ould Erin," at the Queen's Theatre, was witnessed by a large audience and at the School of Arts Mr. Maccabe again played to a full house. This afternoon a matinée performance will be given, and the very success- f or five weeks' season the well-known entertainer has had, will close. That pleasant little house, the Victoria Hall, is still haunted by the comical ghosts raised by Mr. D'Arcy Read, and this afternoon there will be a matinée performance at reduced races. On Monday night Mr. Frank Cates will have a benefit concert at the Masonic- hall, Professor Miller will have a benefit concert at the School of Arts, and the Montague Turner Company will commence a six night season of opera at the Opera House. 