NOTHER week has passed away; and adjustment of the reform question is not one atom farther advanced than was last Monday. This is the statement that has' to be made when summing np the proceedings of the present week, and it is one that may well a feeling of the deepest humiliation. Scarcely a angle speech has been made dealing with the merits of the question; and certainly none has been delivered that would bring it nearer to a settlement. There has been little else than bounce and bluster, accusations and replies, and the bedraggling of reputations. The Ministerial Corner has run riot in picking holes in the Ministerial habiliments; although in doing this it has not so much damaged those whom it has assailed, as it has degraded itself by its own conduct. It has shown that it has no discretion, no party discipline, no regard for the reputation of die country, being far more concerned. with making an exhibition of itself, and -of the House also, than of doing t5ie work which the country. wants accomplished. The whole week has thus been frittered away the most purposeless manner for, we repeat, it would be idle to say that a single fresh thought has been brought to bear upon the question of reform by all this abusive talking. The whole week is a complete blank in this respect, without one ray of solid sense or enlightenment cropping up to illumine the darkness. The sole idea which appears to have run through the thoughts of the coterie of malcontents has been to scatter as much political mud about as possible; and there is no denying the fact that it has splendidly succeeded in its mission. The malcontents, indeed, hare done more during the three days die Assembly has sat this week, to blacken character, than was' ever accomplished before in three months; asd the probability is that the prime-movers of all this useless work will suffer most by the infliction. For it is impossible to believe that- their constituents can reflect over the bitter, unjust, and futile attacks "which their representatives have made, without becoming thoroughly disgusted, since there is nothing but disgrace to themselves, as well as to their members, in such groundless vituperation. There are some people who believe that all this abuse and waste arises from disappointment ft seeing others on the Treasury benches; and we must certainly admit they are afforded grounds for coming to this conclusion. Whatever may be the cause, however, there istheeffect. The House has notmadeone' step forward towards adjusting the question which it is supposed and expected to have at heart, because the whole week has been taken .up with the retort discourteous, and with the distribution of the most pestilent slanders. Tbk is a pitiful state of things to observe. But there it is in all its naked deformity; and it would only be trifling with the intelligence of the community to give any other character to the proceedings. Now, conduct of this kind could be borne with, and even applauded, if there was any good object underlying it If the Ministry was endeavoring to foist a reform scheme upon the country, which the country did not want and repudiated, this kind of attack, however indiscriminate or vehement, could not only be tolerated, bat even commended. The object of that attack would be to stifle the Ministerial effort, to protect the community as against its- leaders, and no reasonable objection could be raised to euch action. On th? contrary, eveiybody with a grain of patriotism or goo4 _feeling in his breast would But what is really die fact of the case s it stands? The very opposite, indeed, of what could alone justify the attitude which the malcontents have taken up all through the which is now exhausted. The great majority of tie people desire that the reform scheme now formulated should be passed. Not because it satisfies them do they desire this to be done, but because they know that better terms cannot be exacted. They know very well that it is no use throwing out this scheme, with the idea that they can get a better one. They know by experience that they must take it as an instalment, looking for better results in tbe future, or after tbe present scheme has been brought into operation. Holding these views, then, the country denies to see the reform scheme DOT before the Assembly carried into law-; and there is only a very small sectionof tbeldberalpartythntdiBemtsfrom thiBconrfniafm. AB the remainder fed that they must take the ' half as tbfy t^omotgettlie whqle loaf; ajulthiey are . quite wiBing to accept it as a preliminary to fc nrach greater triumph. What practical ntility flam, can die coterie of malcontents in ie Assembly hope t® tbeir Not aa sinw|lrtaifly he House, bat Hie wfade coanry also, is dead against tiieir conduct hey have aipport inside the House; th^y hav^ lifctle or none in the country; -while the whole of the press is fiimlyagaiiiEt their pretensions. And why does the press take up this positionl Simply because it can see good in taking the bill as it stands, and nothing bat loss, confusion, evil, and humilia- tion by its rejection. The liberal press can see in this bill a steppingstone to greater and more valuable results; and on this ground, and on none other, it advises its acceptance. Since, then, there is a widespread agreement outside the House, and quite as strong a one in it, that this bill should pass, all die fighting, and all the abuse, which the malcontents in the House have been carrying on and uttering during the present week, have gone in pure waste, because the passage of the bill cannot stopped, although it may be delayed, by this means, and because the only element, that of the support of the countjy, which would justify such a step, is utterly absent. It is, to the last degree astounding, in view of these facts, that such speeches as -have been made this week in the House should have been delivered; and nothing but quite another object than defeating die bill can explain such an extraordinary and gratuitous spectacle being created. For no practical result could flow from all this ill-chosen oratory and declamation; and when no practical result can be realised, it is far better to be silent than oracularly effusive and abusive. We are deeply sorry toseemembers of the Liberal party act in the way which the Ministerial Corner has conducted itself this week. We are sorry, because it is useless, because' it is creating a schism in our own ranks, when unity is so much to be desired for future work, and because it sorely damages the chances of such members being re-elected. We are also sorry, because it affords an opportunity to our .opponents to say that selfishness, and not patriotism, is at the bottom of some liberal efforts, and because it degrades and damages representatives who have been useful in the past, and whose services, if they will only keep on the right track, will be more than ever needed in the future. The events, indeed, in the Assembly this week have been of the most sorry and pitiful kind; and no circumstance that «xists can justify or excuse such wretched blunders. We hope, howevec, the lost has been heard of these mistakes, and also of all the abuse which surrounds them, for nothing but evil to the liberal cause can spring from such miserable and illchosen antics. They involve tbe whole party in confusion and -contempt; and whatever has this effect, is as disastrous as it is malicious and stupid. THE speech delivered by- Mr GLAD- STONE on moving the second reading of the Irish Land Bill is reported at length in the Times of 8tih April, and is declared by that journal to be one of his greatest oratorical achievements, perusal of the speech—whichseems to be given veiy nearly verbatim.—certainly conveys the impression to the mind of an Australian reader of a perfect masterpiece of statesmanlike exposition. It is a speech of considerable length, occupying six closely-printed columns of tr^pe, and the effect it produced on the thronged House which listened to it must have been something remarkable. We know already that the second reading has been carried by the almost unexampled majority of 352 to 176 votes, more than a clear majority of the whale House; and there can be little doubt that the Prime Minister's explanation and defence of his measure tended in a great degree to win for it this enthusiastic support Even Sir STAFFORD NOBTHCOTE, the leader of the Opposition, was moved to unwonted fervor in speaking of the speech. He rose after Mr GLADSTONE to move the adjournment of the debate, on the ground that the measure before the House was of too important a nature to be discussed offhand, and this appeal carried the House with it He said that the House had listened to the speech of the Premier with more than attention— with deep admiration; and although he did not express his approval of the bill, he promised, for himself- and his party, to give it their most serious consideration before voting for or against it We know, as has been already said, the verdict of the House; but what is the verdict of the Times 2 This point is of the utmost signiflcanoe, considering how _veiy significant is the .whole purpose and drift of the measure. We pointed out in a previous article that the bill aims at nothing less than giving the law a power above that of the owner of landed property—a power that may direct him as to the manner he shall dispose of it and the rent he shall exact for it Once passed into law, it will be no longer the right of & landowner to " do what he likes with his own." Hie cannot be exacting, harsh, or unreasonable, his dealings with his tenants. He cannot treat themes if they were his serfs. He cannot evict them upon -slight grounds, or on no grounds at all. He will be shut up to a course of fair, reasonable, and perfectly just conduct But this is exactly what the aristocracy and wealthy l&&4ewner§ dread, They are already crying out that the PremfortifeiU is a measure sooialietio in principle, that it touches the very of the "rights of property," and that if it be carried the aristo- r cratic system will be shaken to its a foundations. Now, all this is blankly ttb denied by Mr GLADSTONE. He defends the bill on the broadest principles of justice and fair dealing between man and man. He denies the right of the landowner to do just as his whim or his fancy may dictate to him, in a '"ise where the interests of oth • people are directly concerned. In. a word, he maintains the supremacy of law, as being the shield of the poor and dependent, as well as. the guardian of the property of the rich. Of course tije bill is a veiy elaborate one—the Times styles it a <" wonderful example of elaborate legislation, which covers the entire area of a widely-extended complication of questions, and leaves no inch of ground untouched." , The aim motive is not to overthrow the landlord class; neither is it intended to disturb the Just rightsof property; nor, again, isit the-deeign of the measure to givB the .tonant-any .unMr advantage as against hy . landlord. Aa the Times sayB:—"-Thegeneral impression upon fair-minded men will bo that if the measure " x * (mis of landed o any-Seriouscause for complaint, ale it will every legitimate claim that can be urged on behalf of the Irish people." Starting from this general estimate of the measure, the leading journal proceeds to defend it from thg charge of bong either socialistic or revolutionary In its tendencies. At worst, the a.ct will be administered by a land commis sion appointed by the Government; and as the members of that commission will probably all be experienced lawyers, without any class bias or political prejudices .at all, there cannot be very much harm wrought by. it to any person. The commissioners will have power to fix the rent the tenant shall pay in any given case; is it to be supposed that they will unfairly faVor the tenant as against his landlord in all 1 Is it even possible that they shall ever deviate widely from a decision based on the obvious principles of justice and equity % The opposite assumption would be to assume that corruption is universal and ineradicable in the hearts of men, and that a body of judges on the bench are capable of giving decisions in the teeth of justice and fair- dealing, and based on personal partiality and gross unfairness. No legislation, no government, is possible at all, if such assumptions as that be made. But, even so, the landlord and the tenant will not be compelled to go before the court of commissioners to adjust their differences. They may take the more prudent course of settling these between themselves. And, in that case, Mr GLAD- STONE'S bill will touch neither of them. It is not against fair and considerate and reasonable landlords that legislation is needed; but against the tyrannical, unjust, cruel despot, whose heart is shut against all the appeals of justice and humanity. The penal law is made not for the peaceable and welldisposed, bnt for the evil-disposed and criminal. And the rule holds universally. What grounds in reason are there, then, for the outcry against the principles of the bill! None whabsover. But there ought to be always a disposition on the part of legislators to protect the weak and defenceless against the abuse of power on the part of the" strong; and Mr GLADSTONE'S bill aims at no more. In his magnificent peroration, the Premier wound up by saying: —" It is said that we have £ailed in Ireland. I do not admit Seilurs. admit the success to be incomplete. I am asked how it is to be made complete, I say by patient perseverance in well-doing, by steady adherence to the work of justice. (Cheers.) Then we shall not depend -upon the results of the moment It will not be what today may say or what to-morrow may say; it mil be rather what fruits weare to reap in the long future of a nation's existence, and with that we have a reckoning which cannot fail. Justice, Sir, is to be our guide. It has been said that love is stronger than death; and so justice is stronger than popular excitement, than the passion of the moment, even than the grudges, the resentments, and the sad traditions of the past Walking in that path we cannot err; guided by that light—that Divine light—we are safe. Every step that we take on our road is a step that brings us nearer to the goal; and every obstacle, even although it seem for the moment to be insurmountable, can only for a little while retard, and never can. defeat the final triumph." This is certainly a powerful and a moving speech. It touched the heart of the House of Commons. It remains, now, to be seen what course the House of Lords will take in this most important juncture of affairs. If they should reject the bill, the aristocracy of England seals its own doom. Councillor Phillips took action at the meeting of the Town Council last night wliich entitles him to the thanks of the resident* of the Town. Councillor Phillips said—" I wash to draw attention to the state of Bridge street after nightfall. Larrikins and other youthe, and prostitutes take possession of the pa-'cmcnt, and no respectable person can walk along the street without hearing disgraceful language. I am fully aware that the poGeemen do their duty, but as they are always in uniform, the ahiny hat is a warning to these ill-conditioned characters, and when a policeman comes along they do nothing that he can take notice of. I will more ' that &e; mayor be empowered to take the necessary steps to procure tbe services of a constable in plain clothes to patrol the street,'" Councillor Phillips' motion met with the hearty support of the other councillors at the table, one of whom rjghtly characterised" Bridge street after nightfall, a disgrace to the mlano Pyinn^Ilnr PKilTiiiH mnhnnii^ " TF placel Councillor Phillipe continued—" If a^few of these offenders were arrested and made an example of by the. bench—not fined the customary 5s and cautioned—I would guarantee that a few convictions would faring about a better condition of thingB." Councillor Phillips' motion waa carried unanimously, ana the subject raised by it being pursued, it was decided, on the instance of Councillor Turpie to frame and bring into force a liye-bw to prevent the streets of the town being obstructed by .knots of idle persona, aa they were too often at present. There can be no question that the action taken at the council table last night will result in great advantage to the town, for at present Bridge street at night—excepting" eany on Saturday sight—is not a credit to the tows, while late on Saturday night it is a positive reproach to the authorities. We yesterday published a public acknowledgment from tile secretary of the Fire Brigades Demonstration committee of the reaeipt of a cheque from Mr E. B. Boothman, for amount coming to the committee from the perforjiancea at the Academy of Music, on the Tuesday and Wednesday nights. We are informed that for some reason or other the cheque, though presented in due form at the bank upon which it was drawn, has not been paid. In consequence of sundrj - v. which were current, the police have been nuking fenqniries into the circumstances attending! a a-tiier sudden death which occurred recently' t Carngham; but it WW found that, as usual, he Tumors were devoid of truth, und that here was no reason to believe that death had een caused by other than natural causes. Among the more important of the worts in the town, which are expected to be undertaken shortly, and which, it is believed, will benefit the place not a little, areanewpostoffife and public baths. The new poet-office building is only aeen at present as "through a la88, darkly; but, if Councillor Williams' S eterxnination is as successful as it deserves to be, the hatha will not be long only on the list of " projected improvements." The hawker Louis Blashki, whose case caused some trouble sfenoiwgt the police lately, •was fined £2 :vt the CSty Police Court yesfcerday for hawking without a license. We learn by telegram that the Australian Widows' Fund Life Assurance Soeiety has purchased the property al the comer of Collins and Williams street, Melbourne, for £16,000, bong at the rate £352 per toot. Proceedings were tatcen aome Htne since IIr John l3anIy against the -PEomii " forthereoovery of com _ „ uiyjint owJr^g of ai^jfli^ raised by ootmsel oa behalf of Ae e6mj»w,rttK OK WI peetponed by ujauautffflfefengrt sitting. ' yffBifiif'y* in Ida official report the moubeia of die Town Council, writes of tfae Ballarat Fire Brigade in connection with gte recent demonstration 3—''X have much rare in •^ tiie Ballarat Fire „&de; on IJie ,— pis position » they - iMeved in the'eeveral contests, and tor having secured a l&Tge; number of prizes, and only losing the Britannia Cup by 2-10tb of a Complaints having been repeatedly made of the destruction of trees in the plantations in Ballarat East, the Town Council communicated on the subject with Sub-inspector Babicgton, and that officer informs the council that the police have received instructions to attend to the matter. The case of (Griffiths v Holmes and Salter, an action to recovef '£20,000 damages for an alleged neglect : W the defendants in preparing plaintiff^-defence when, convicted for manslaughter in February, 1877, was concluded yesterday in the Court of Assize,, before his Honor Mr Justice Higinbotham. The jury, without retiring, returned a verdict for the defendants. A report appears elsewhere. It is probable that the various volunteer corps of the colony will shortly he supplied with helmetB. A despatch has been forwarded lately from head quarters to the different commanding officers, instructing them to forward particulars as to the numbers required. / Ihe new fence round the Town Hall gardens is nearly completed, and already it may: be seen that it is a great improvement upon the wooden railing which for so long portioned the grounds off from Barkly street. The fence is- so open that the gardens may be easily seen from the street, but it has the .appearance of being somewhat low. Miss Maria Bamott, who for some years was engaged in the Pleasant street State school, No. 695, has been promoted to the chaise of a school at Terrell's Creek, to which charge she went from this place early this week.- Previous to her .departure MrT. Holding, head teacher of the school, presented to her, on behalf of the members of ho* class, a handsomely-bound «3bnm, as a memento of her connection with them, and r the respect they had for her. The young p lady—who herself had been at one time a mt pupil in the school, and whose success in the State school service is creditable alike to herself and the school—in a few words thanked the young donors for their kindly thought. Besides the acceptance of the challenge of the Carlton Brewery Brigade by the Beechworth brigade, it is said that the Ballarat men are inclined to tiy conclusions with the present holders of the Britannia Cup. If any contests are decided upon it is expected that the running-ground recently used will be the scene of the events. The Barracks private quadrille assembly held its second gathering for the fie&a;_n at the (Sty fire Brigade Hall on Thursday evening, when-there were about forty couples present. A first-class band waa in attendance, aud refreshments as usual were provided by MrC. Mlatyre, of Bridge Btreet. The decorations, which were prepared for the fire brigade demonstration, and which still adorn the Toom, had the effect of giving the room an imposing appearance. In consequence of the next Barracks night falling' on the same date as the Masonic evening party, and not wishing to interfere with the success of the latter, it was decided to postpone the B.P.Q.A. snta Thursday, 16th June. The meeting of Goad Templars at Broomfield on Thursday evening was opened by the grand worthy chief templar, Mr Edward Edwards, who came from Melbourne to initiate the lodge. He was accompanied by several gentlemen from Ballarat. There were thirty persons initiated as members. The several offices held by the Good Templars were filled as follow.-—Worthy chief templar. Mr J. Smith; worthy vice-templar. Miss Pro van; worthy marshal, Mr T. Gardiner; deputy W.M., Miss Vipond; worthy financial secretary, Ernest Gardiner; worthy treasurer, David Provan; worthy chapl∈, Frederick Neate; worthy secretary, Miss Mitchell; worthy assistant, J. Brown; inside guard, John W. Miller; worthy outside guard, William M'Henerey. Some time ago a movement was inaugurated by Mr Cowan, the head teacher of the State school, Morrisons, to provide prizes for the children attending the school, and this resulted in a concert being held on Tuesday evening last in the local assembly-rooms, which, notwithstanding the very inclement state of the weather, was well patronised. Several of the vocalists from Ballarat and Geelong were prevented from attending, no doubt principally on account of the stormy weather ; nevertheless a very good programme was provided, which was thoroughly appreciated by the audience. Mr Muter, of the Balianshire Council, occupied the chair, and ably discharged the duties appertaining thereto; while Miss Ridgway, of Borhoneyghurk, presided at the piano, rendering the various selections with much ease and precision. At the conclusion of the entertainment the chairman called upon Mr Cowan, who read the list of prize- takers (the children having been specially examined by Mr Inspector Curlewis on the 13th instant). The awards appeared to give great satisfaction, and Mr Curlewis received the hearty thanks of the parents for his kindness in conducting the examination. The following ladies and gentlemen ably assisted in making the concert a success, and the committee wish specially to thank them for their gratuitous services:—The Misses Ridgway, the Misses Mitchell, and Miss Ogden; also, Messrs Armour, White, Burgoyne, and W. Ridgway. Votes of thanks to the chairman and the performers brought a very pleasant meeting to a close. It is anticipated that a good sum will be realised towards providing the necessary prizes. A new disease in horses is reported from Gippsland. It is a species of nervous affection somewhat resembling St Vitus' dance in human beings, and a theory has been mooted that it is probably caused by horses being confined to paddocks and places where they continually feed on the same kinds of grasses which do not supply the system with the proper tonic and nourishment which they could derive from the natural grasses. Observation points to the increase of this nervous complaint since the country has been fenced in, and it may, therefore, be inferred that the cause is attributable to the want of sufficient scope for a change of food, such as couli be obtained if the imiin«la had a large tract of country to roam over, and thus keep the system in a proper state of health. By some singular typographical error, the third period of the paragraph in our town talk columns yesterday- about the united fire brigades demonstration, read " a protest was lodged* against the Sandhurst City by the Sandhurst City." Hie sentence written in the paragraph reads, "a protest was lodged against the Sandhurst City by the Ballarat City." It is almost needless to add that the latter is the correct statement re the protest A large and successful service was held at Barkly Street Wesleyan Church last night. Mrs Qsborn delivered a very earnest and powerful address. He service will be continued to-morrow, and during the week., morning aud evening, as advertised, at Street reet\V( Wesleyan - Church. ~ - Here was a blank charge sheet at the CSty Coqrt yesterday morning. At the Town Policc Court Mr Russell, J.P., presided, and discharged Thomas Daeey, who was charced with deserting bis illegitimate child. The accused, who was arrested at Echuca, was stated in the Gazette to be 6 feet 2 inches in height, whereas he is about 5 feet 8 inches. i The Minister of Railway* invites tenders for the crection of asoods station at Macoona, on the Ararat and Hamilton line. Particulars will be found in our advertising columns.' - The committee of the Ballarat Gymnastic Association have, at the request of Professor Reich man, determined to postpone the opening night till next Tuesday week. The terms submitted by the secretary of the Alfred Hall committee, tor-the use of the ball, have been agreed to by the committee of the association, and the manufacture of the necessary appliances is being rapidly pushed forward. Some splendid rugs and coats, made from Victorian skins, are now on sale at Mr Claxton's room's. Lydiard street They are the work of Mr Stevens, farrier, of Baglan street, and do mncli credit to hxa skill in this kind of manufacture. The Ballarat Yacht Club will bring tbe sailing season to a close to-day by a race amongst the officers. Messrs Oiselli, Dowme, Bechervaise, and "Mann will be Ihe skippers of the yachts for the day, and with good crews tiie event should be interesting. The boats will drop thair moorings at about half-past three o'clock. A paragraph in our yesterday's issue stated that a meeting of the Loyal IWWt Lodge, M.U.LO.O.F-, was to have been |idlmtheeramiiK«haieu tie Loyal Viotoria Lodge shonld have beenmentipned. ; Our -advertising columns ansbonce ihaftf porbaite of their Boyal Highnesses Prince Albert Victor and Prince Geacgeaf Wales, will be gives away with the next im» of the Australasian. A specfo«Mpopy seen at the office of Mr Ctaocb, theJBilla^i agent \ The Bulletin this week iSantains excellent portraits of the two young' Englid^princes, who are enjoying themselves in West Australia. They were taken" from a photograph placed at the disposal of the Bulletin by Prince Louis o : Battenbarg. Nothing definite (says a Sydney telegram in last night's Berald\ has yet been decided over the supposed case of small-pox; but it is believed that it is only a case of serious chicken-pox. The inmates -of the house are, however, still kept isolated. In the Wide Bag and Burnztt Newt, Maryborough, Queensland, an articlc by " J.W," appears under the heading " A visit to the Southern Colonies," in which a well-merited compliment is passed to the Ballarat City Council. "J.W." (who,by-the-bye,we recognise as a late partner in the Dnion Foundry) gaye-—-" Daring my short stay in Ballarat, I was invited to attend the "meeting of the Municipal Council, which I accepted. Business commences at three P-m., so, having Maryborough council meetings as a precedent, I concluded that I should be quite in time anything before six. However, I was doomed to disappointment, for on arrival there at half-past four, I was told by the hall-keeper that the meeting had been all over at four. I was -very much surprised, as I had seen the notice paper, which contained some very important business to be transacted. Nevertheless, it was satisfactorily got through in the time above stated. I should have been very much pleased to have seen some of our Maryborough aldermen there, when perhaps they might have learnt something to their advantage. On joining some of the councillors at a later hour, I was mformed that the time occupied in their meetings averages little more on hour, #nd tiiis council transacts business for a population of over 20,000, but they seem to have a knack of doing business at the proper time and place, and if there are any personalities or mutual ecriminations indulged in, it is immediately at down by the mayor, and such differences ust be adjusted in some other place. T ftinlr it would be a great benefit to the com inanity, if our Maryborough aldermen would adopt a similar coarse." tllieMelbourne correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser writes:—"It is reported that Mr James Smith has been raimng the ghost of the late Mr lamont. A spiritualist circle that meets in Little Collins street raised a deceased friend tbe other night with an unhappy result. He was asked in what sphere or * plane' he was, Mid replied that he was not ham>y, but hoped to fie presently. ' Are you in He&ven; ?' asked the medium. ' No, was the reply. "Then," continued the medium, 'are yon in the other place?* Not yet,' was the answer, 'but I have every hope.' The believers said an evil spirit had taken possession of the medium. The Australian Medical Journal writes:— " The reports that reach us of the increasing prevalence of small-pox in London justify our again urging the necessity for thorough inspection of every incoming vessel. A slight carelessness in this respect might at any time produce the most terrible results. During the twenty weeks ending 26th March the number of small-pox patients in the metropolitans asylums' hospitals steadily increased from 77 to 853. The new cases admitted during the last three weeks of that period were respectively 195,186, and at last advices 265\. The foolish anti-vaccination craze, so widespread at home, has greatly interfered with the prevention of the spread of the disease. We commend" this subject to the most serious attention of our sanitary authorities and of the Government." The Herald says that Superintendent Hare is not a candidate for the secretaryship of the V.R.C., as he has no intention of leaving the police force. Copies of the correspondence relative to the report of the board appointed to enquire into the circumstances connected with the fatal accident to a boat's crew of the Cerberus were laid on the table of the Assembly (says the Aye) on Thursday night. Captain Mandeville traverses the report of the board from beginning to end. He denies that there was a divided authority on board the ship, as alleged by the board. The Torpedo Corps was carry out their experiments. He denies that there was any necessity for his being on board, and states that, had he been, the result would not have been affected. He gives two precedents where captains of Her Majesty's 6oips were on shore during torpedo experiments; and concludes by saying that, however competent the board may be to judge matters of scientific interest, they are not qualified to report upon the discipliine of a man-of-war. Mr Murray's reply has already been published. Mr Doyle denies, in most emphatic terms, that he was "mistaken" when he said he saw the cartridge of dynamite, and he vigorously defends himself against the implied aspersion cast on his evidence, aud demands &rther; enquiry. Henderson Africauus, " the third ambassador," attended the levee at the City Police Court (says the Herald) on Friday morning, with two lumps of what resembled clotted cream on his right temple, or they might almost be described as snowballs. Mounting the rostrum, he informed Mr Call that these white chalk marks were the result of his step- daughter having Btruck him violently with a teapot, because he slapped her for being naughty. The case was beyond a joke, for the Wood was actually trickling in a little rivulet down poor Henderson's face as he made the explanation. The stepdaughter is a grown-up young woman, aud she stood at the bar of the court dressed in black. Her mother, who has been married to Mr Henderson about a year, or less, tried to make out in the witness box, that her little son, a dark hoy by her former husband, wielded the teapot, but Henderson would not allow this, and told Mr Call that it was " only a mother's natural desire to shield her offspring." The dispute arose over a statement by Henderson that his step-daushter interfered with the newspapers which he hawked, and fcuint some. The bench discharged her, with a request to abstain from violence. The girl Blapped me." Mr Call—" Well, he is yoar father." In its Wednesday's issue the Telegraph announced the death, by burning, of Captain Charles Vannah, of Porepnnkah. Fuller particulars disclose the.fact that the deceased met with a humble death. . It would appear (sayB our contemporary) that the ftain must have been engaged in removing ettle from the fireplace, when he fell into the fire, and there was bprned to death. The deceased was an aged man, within a few days of eighty years, and was a cripple, and it is surmised he was unable to extricate him-' self after falling among the ashes, so that the flames, catching" his clothes, set fire to the house, which was also burnt dowh. _ The head of deceased was found embedded in the ashes, the brains protruding and roasted, and one charred hand was found clasping Jhe kettle handle. Mr A D. Weston, a near teighbor, lent valuable assistance in endeavoring to rescue the captain, and afterwards remained in charge of the place until the police took possession.' A cash-box and some charred notes -were also found among the debris. The deceased had resided in the district for over twenty years. Mr Geo. Coppin {saya the Age) has been suffering from a severe attack of gout, but is now rapidly mending. It is, however, considered desirable that he should have perfect quiet for some time longer. Messrs C. J. and T. Haoi (says the Telegraph) report the sale .by. auction of the undermentioned property: —5feibounie—Collins street west land 23 x 70 to a right-ofway, bought at £465 per foot, or a total of £10,695; Mr Joseph Berry, acting ns agent for Mr James Mimms, was the purchaser. Th« Und has been bought for the parpose of erecting thereupon offices for the Premier Permanent Building Association, of which Mr Mirams is the secretary. Mr Berry (says the Age) has received a letter from the president cf the Australian Natives' Democratic Association, informing him that at a meeting of the association held Cor the purpose of considering the present phase of the reform question the following resolution was adopted:—"That as, in wie opinion of the central branch of this association, the amendments of the Legralativi Council in the Bdorm <£31 are not opposed to the interests of tbe people, it is the duty of all bus democrats to secure their passage into lawbyaocordingMr Graham Berryandhis Minister* a hearty support in the press, on the platform, and at the polling-boothi of this colony.** , ' A paper-writes!—"A K31 beforetlie \V«- yffnain f r e q u i r e s women to vote 4t -fhenexigt&te; election SB to -whether "they want the right- ef suffrage or nbtf andany -woman who^aiU to votenpn tills qoalioa, yriigfw prevented Ifcy .iberlun .vpeotued HHjnta, shall be deemed guilly of » moanoor, and liable t* a rat tS tat leas than 100 dot., orfaptiSQument for not less than three months or botti, in the discretion of the court Hat's ii&w; to make them say yes A meeting of the Linton branch of the Reform League is convened for this evenimr at the Surface H31 hotel, at eight o'clock. A meeting of the Haddon Miners' Association will bo held at the Templars' Hall at eight o'clock this evening, and all those desirous of joining the branch are requested to attend. Dr Thornton, bishop of Ballarat, win preach atCarngham to-morrow evening, at Linton in the morning, and at Happy Valley in the afternoon. He will also lecturest Camgham on Monday evening on "Triumphs of Missions." Mr Fowler, secretary of the Uttie Art Unicoi, writes to state that an error occurred in the advertisement announcing the drawing. Prize 141 should have been ticket C14 instead of C 169. Mr Howard Haywood will lecture in the Dawson Street Church next Monday evening in connection with the Dawson StreetCongnf. gational Mutual Improvement Association, on " New Zealand as I have seen it." The lecture will be illustrated by portraits of New Zealand chiefs, emblems, &c;, and altogether prove a most enjoyable and instructive entertainment. Members of the Bicycle Club are to meet at the City Fire Brigade Hall this afternoon at half-past two, for a run out to Smythesdale. A meeting of timber- yard employes will be held this evening, at the Buck's Head hotel, at eight o'clock, re Saturday early closing. The members of the Buninyong Reform League are requested to meet at eight o'clock this evening, at the Buninyong hotel, on important business. 