FRE1DMASONJIY DEFINED. The following appeared in tho Freemasons' Monthly Magazine: — Frooinasoury is of nn unuiont date, as proved by tho fact dining the wot season .Noah used to hold meeting; in tlio corner of tho ark. M« was obliged to give it up, however, owing to tlio curiosity of Mrs. Noah, who, notwitliH'and ing tho fact that her husband placed a big pair of lions nnd a big crocodile nfc the door as out sido guard, came pretty noar finding out the secret, and Btarting a female lodge on her own hook. 1 must tell you the perils and trials I had to undergo to becamo a mason. On the even ing [ presented myself at tho door of the lodge room, No. 66,666, Signs of the Skull and Cross uones. X was conducted to tlio ante room wnere five or six melancholy chaps in sashes and , embroidered napkins were waiting to receive mo. On my entrance they all got up and turned a back somersault, and then quietly resumed their seats. A big fat fellow who sat in the middle, and who seemed to be the proprietor, then said, ' Sinner from the outward world, advance.' I advanced. ' Will you give np everything to join usi' 'Not if I know it,' said I. 'There's my wife and fourteen fine ? ' (Another party here told me that it was a mere matter of form.) The fellows in tho towels then groaned and said, ' 'Tis well.' ' Do you swear never to reveal anything you may see or hear this evening, not to your wife1?' I said, 'Ton my word, I weel not.' They then examined my teeth and felt my muscles, and made me put out my tongue, and groaned again. I said, ' If yon don't feel .veil I have got a little bottle here that ? .' Here the fat man took the bottle from me, and told me to shut up. He then in a voice of thunder said, ' Bring forth the goat.'. Another fellow then cams forward to blindfold me. ' No, you don't, Mr. Mason,' I said ; ' no trick on travellers if you please. I don't believe in playing blindman's buff with a goat. I'll ride the diivil if you like, but I don't go it blind. Stand back, or I'll knock you into smithereens.' They were too much for me,.howaver, and 1 h-id to submit to be blindfolded. The goat was then led in, and I could hear him making an awful racket among the furniture. I began to feel that I was urgently wanted as home, but 1 ivas in for it and could not help myself. Three or four fellows then seized me and with a de moniacal laugh pitched me on the animal's back, telling me at the same time to look out for squalls. I have been in a good many scrapes, Mr. Editor. I've been in a election fight, I've been pitched out of a four story window, I have gone down in a collision, and up in a steamboat explosion, but this great excursion was ahead of them all. The con founded thing must be all wings and horns. It bumped me against the tables and the stove and the ceiling, but I hung on like a Trojan. It turned front somersaults and rolled over till I thought it was all over with me. I was just on the point of giving up when the bandage fell from my eyes, and the goat bounded through the window with a yell liks a Camanche Indian giving up the ghost. It was a lodge of masons. They were dancing a war dance around a skull, and playing leapfrog and turning handsprings, and the fcig fat fellow of the ante room was standing on his head in the corner finishing the contents of my little bottle. Order was soon restored, and I was led up to a desk and told to stand at ease. The chief engineer of the establishment then put his thumb on his nose, and stretching his fingers out in the shape of a fan towards me, commanded silence. The rest of the brethren did likewise, and were silent. Tho governor then addressed me: — 'Brother Knobb.you are now one af us. Yon are now a member of an institution that has lasted over ten millions of years. From this time hence your constitution is sound. You are impervious to light or heat, or any other influence. You are water proof, fire- proof, and over proof. With impunity you may walk on the lake, or sit on a red hot stove ; with impunity drink aquafortis, rye whisky, Wahoo bitters, or any otli6r poisonous substance. Yon are free from rheumatism, dyspepsia, whopping cough, and the measles. The sheriff dare not seize you for debt nor the policeman for misdemeanour. You are one ot us, and yon are safe. Here is the password ; with that and a big club you can get into any lodge in Christendom.' I then stood the whisky and water all the way round, and I was free and and accepted as a mason. The oldest tree in the world was recently cut down in the vicinity of San Francisco (Cal.) on- account of its debility, which latter need not be wondered at. The rings denoting age indi cated a period of vitality of no less than 4,840 years. .Three hundred persons could freely move about in the hollow of the trunk, just above ground. Following Coal out undkr the Ocean. — Some of the English coal mines have been run out under the ocean. So'vast is this resource that in Northumberland the net' available quantity of coal is estimated by geologists at 403,000,000 tons; and on the Durham. Coast, under tho sea, including a breadth of three and a half miles, with an area of seventy one square miles. 734,500,000 tons— this latter.it is cal culated, having an aggregate thickness of thirty feet, distributed in six seams. ? As to the coal under water, it has been estimated that the mineral will be worked under the sea at 'a distance of three and a balf miles by means of land collieries, and that a farther breadth of seven miles may be -worked by sinking shafts for ventilating in the sea itself. To what actual distance from the shore coal will be available must necessarily depend upon a variety of con siderations, principal among which are those of depth, thickness, absence of faults, us well as the nature of the strata and the depth of the sea bottom. The sinking of ventilating shafts in the sea, as proposed, would be a great scientific achievement. A Chiid in a Trance.— The Southern Argus is responsible for the following :— 'A few days ago a child of about nine years of age, residing with her mothe.r in one of the northern streets of the cit3', became ill and was attacked with convul sions; sun continued ailing from that time, and a few nights since got a very severe fit which, after lasting for a considerable time, appeared to have resulted in causing death. The undertaker was sent for, and arrangements made for the funeral to take place next day ; but (us our informant has stated), on the child being put into a warm bath to be washed, she was observed to move, and afterwards rovived for some time. Next morning, however, she relapsed into the state of unconsciousness and re mained to, all remedies ns yet applied having failed to ravivo lior.' 