HERR BANDMANN AS H AMLET. In anticipation of obtaining a rich treat in the form of Shakespeare's ad mitted masterpiece, " Hamlet," rendered 1 by an efficient company, headed by Herr Bandmann, a large audience assembled at the Mechanics' Institute last evening. Herr Bandmann is an artist who comes to us with a European and American I reputation, so naturally his advent was a looked forward to with a degree of inter est, mingled with pleasure, by the play loving portion of the community. In criticising in Australia the per formances of many eminent actors a certain amount of diffidence is often felt, for artists who have received laudations from the American and London Press do not generally travel to those distant colo nies in order to earn a name in their pro fession or improve upon their own con- e ception of characters by studying the published opinions of others. But, how ever, true this may be, in placing before - the public the merits and demerits of Herr Bandmann's portrayal of the Danish - Prince, we labour under no such dis advantage. Critics of repute and Shakespearean students in other far more important portions of the globe' have commented on this artist's rendition of this particular role, and pronounced it the reverse of perfect. That some excellent features and scholarly I readings of different lines incidental to the part are at intervals intermixed with much that is inconsistent and incorrect cannot be gainsaid, but taken all through Herr Bandmann's Hamlet is disappointing in many instances. In the interview with his father's spirit he showed a tameness and a lack of animation that was far from being in keeping with the true nature of the characterhe was representing. In the 4 scene subsequent to the first exit of the players, where the Prince speaks the soliloquy commencing, "Oh ! what a rogue and peasant slave am I !" Heir Bandmann descended to rant, and de livered the lines in a voice that, had such in reality been used within the precincts of a palace, would have been heard from top! to basement. His best scenes in eluded those with Ophelia, the Queen, and the p'ay scene. During the course of these the actor in several instances brought the fiery nature and nobleness of the character into prominence, and t secured the hearty applause of the \- audience. Of Miss L. Beaudet's Ophelia t we must write in terms of unqualified t praise, for she is without doubt one of the best representatives of Hamlet's un 11 fortunate love that has ever visited the colonies. Miss Louisa Crawford played Queen Gertrude excellently, and looked and dressed the part in a manner that left nothing to be desired. Isr J. F. Cathcart doubled the roles of a the Ghost and Laertes, and performed 11 them both as an artist who thoroughly Y understood his profession. The Polonius of Mr Musgrave was a good exhibition of o char: oer acting, while Mr Nounn, as a Horatio, gave evidence of being injured vastly since his last appearance here. Mr d L. Crete played the first actor respect n ably, a remark which might also be o applied to Messrs Inman and Douglas as b. Rosencranta and Guildenstern. :d To-night the "Merchant of Venice" at will be produced, with Herr Bandmann a as Shylock. 