THEATRICAL GOSSIP. An American actress, who has won golden opinions in the other colonies as a delineator ot some of Shakspeare's most beautiful female characters, will shortly make her appearance at the EoyaL She has lately been playing a short season at Sandhurst, and the patrons of the drama there have become quite enthusiastic about her. From one of the local papers we take the following:—"A very great compliment was paid to Hiss Pomeroy last night, when a number of citizens, accompanied by Northcott's Volunteer Band, escorted that lady from the Theatre to her resi dence, the Shamrock Hotel, the band playing "The Star- spangled Banner." On arriving at the hotel, the company proceeded to the bal cony, where the band played several other melodies, concluding with the National Anthem. The party then proceeded to the large room, and partook of champagne. Amidst rounds of applause the gifted actress proposed " SuccesB to the Oitizens of Sandhurst." Hr. Strickland, in reply, made a short and appro priate speech, .in which he complimented the lady on her great talent as a delineator of the dramatic art, and said that it would be well if Sandhurst were so prosperous that it could with impunity beBtow large houses nightly on all such professionals who may visit the city in future. He was sure it was gratifying to the lady to be treated with the compliments she had received on New Teat's night and on this occa sion. He would close by wishing that success may attend Hiss Pomeroy in her tour through Australia. Hiss Pomeroy then rose, and in a very pleasing manner made one of the most homely speeches we have heard fall from a lady 's lips. Though an American, she was delighted with Australia. Bbe had been in England, and admired the English people, bnt if her choice were asked, she would say she liked Austra lians more, for while there was much that was English in their manners there was much that was American too. without the people seeming to be aware of it, and although a cosmopolitan in every sense of ttae word, that taint of Ameri canism awakened in her heart a little of that amor patriot which, as an American born, she snppoaed she would always possess. Wher ever the . had been she had been so kindly received that she believed, if spared, after visiting England and America she would return again to Australia. She desired to thank the members of the band, and, in doing so, to add that it afforded her the ut most pleasure to say a few words that came from her heart,, without the necessity for pre paration or reserve. Ur. Ooode, a member of the band, acknowledged the compliment, hoping UiBS Pomeroy would meet with success wher ever she went. Mr. Hayman, in returning thanks, said be had travelled from Melbourne to New • York to induce Miss Pomeroy to come to Aus tralia, and, after a great deal of trouble,she con sented, and he was glad to find she had no reason to regret following bis advice. So far, they bad met with success beyond expecta tions." An amusing end to a tragedy took place at the Music Hall, Lancaster, on Friday evening October 29th. Mr. E. Fletcher wsb playing Hamlet at the above Hall, before a large and appreciative audience. The play went off in good style till the laBt scene, when Hamlet, who had to kill the King, stabbed the unfortunate monarch, and threw him back in his chair. Bat' to the horror and surprise of the melancholy Dane, he saw the throne-chair on which lay the corpse of his guilty uncle slowly wheel to the edge of the plattorm on which it had been placed, and in an instant it toppled over, down went the Xing of Denmark on his head, np went the feet of the now straggling, living King, and vainly did the courtiers try to help him— he was wedged too fast in the chair. The andience roared with laughter, the actors chuckled, the musicians screamed. "Drop the curtain," said Hamlet. But the scene-Bhifter was too much taken up the joke to obey the summons, till at last the audience, breathless with laughter, saw the drop-scene fall on one of the most amuBing episodes ever seen on the stage. After a short interval the curtain again rose, and Hamlet tried to regain the sympathy of the audience, but the Ghost of the wicked King still cast his halo over the scene, and it was with a hard straggle Hamlet regained his composure, dying in the usual orthodox manner. Mr. Alfred Dampier has just made a very successful debut at the Snrrey Theatre iu a new piece just produced at that house, en titled "The Royal Pardon." Miss Alice May, now at the Globe, was playing in November with much success Simone in the new and very popnlar comic opera called " The Mousquetaires." Gecrge Rignold is still on tour in the provinces with "Henry V." Mr. Ores wick, in' conse quence of indisposition, has terminated his engagement at the Surrey Theatre. Harry Jackson continues to play Moss Jewell in "The World" at Drury- lane. Mr. William Farren, the young actor who played old men characters in the London Comedy Company, has returned to London. George Warde, formerly of the same company, was appearing at Warrington as Julian Gray in the "New Magdalen." Yet another etar of the same troupe, Mr. B J. Roberts, has returned to the old country, and was appearing in pantomime in Liverpool. Mr. Kyrle Bellew, formerly a reporter on the staff of the Melbourne Daily Telegraph, has completed sn original play, which has been accepted, and will be produced shortly at a provincial theatre. If Mr. Bellew prove as good an anthor as he is an actor (says the Era) we shall have to congratulate him on a big success. Berry Sullivan has been playirg ac Liverpool to enthusiastic crowds Holcroft's old comedy, " The Road to Bain," has been revived at Sadler's Wells and well received, Mr. Chas. Warner and Miss Isabel Bateman sustaining the principal roleB. Edwin Booth, the American tragedian, has made a hit as Bichlien at the Princess's. Mr. W. J. Florence, another American, has appeared at the Gaiety as " Captain Cottle," in an adapta tion under that name of Dombey & Son. A London paper saye Whether Captain Cuttle manipulated that formidable hook which served this 'ancient mariner' for a hand,or whether he misquoted scraps of poetry and the Proverbs of Solomon, or whether be expatiated upon the supernatural wisdom of Bunsby, or wept for the Iobs of his dear old friend Sol Gills, or roared a boisterous chorus of joy at his own sagacity in discovering the attachment of Florence and Walter, or danced a frantic hornpipe at the prospect of Walter's return safe and sound, Mr. Florence was always animated, genial, jovial, and characteristic." " Where's the Cat ?" farcical comedy, adapted from the German by Mr. Albey, has been successfully produced at the Criterion. Sarah Bernhard, tha great French tragedienne, has taken New York by storm. She appeared at Booth's Theatre as Adrienne Leconvreur before an aadience of 4,000 persons, representing the wealth, culture, and fashion of the city. She was recalled four times at the .end of the piece, while coBtly floral tributes of all shapes and dimen sions were showered upon her. She was after wards serenaded at her hotel. Jules Verne's book " Michael StrogoS" has been dramatized . and placed on the stage at the Ghatelet, Paris, with unprecedented magnificence. It is siid that £18,000 was expended on the mounting, and that the nightly expenses amount to £280. The theatre is capable of holding nearly £500. A new Italian opera, " Maria di Gand" (Alary of Ghent), by the well-known composer of pianoforte pieces, Tito Mattei, has been produced at H.M.'s Theatre to an entbusiastio audience. Speaking of the mnsio the Era remarks:— " Summing up our entire impression of the opera, we have to award to Signor Mattei the credit due to a composer of skill, talent, and knowledge—a composer who can also write admirably for the voices, and has a due sense of picturesque effect in bis treatment of the orchestra, But beyond this we are hardly pre pared to go. We cannot fancy that " Maria di Gand" is an opera that will endure. There is not the evidence in the score of a few, fresh, and original stock of ideas. There is plenty of careful labour, but no inspiration. It is not an opera one could hear again and again, and dis cover fresh beauties on every occasion. Still, we must praise the spirit of enterprise that dic tated its production, and Signor Mattei himself will certainly have gained some distinction by the performance of " Maria di Gand." In connection with the proposed visit to the colo nies of Herr Wilhemj, we (Argus) are informed that in July Mr. B. 8. Smythe received a letter from the famous violinist^ dated Toronto, May 25, in which he stated that he should arrive in Australia in November, and asked whether he should bring a company with him. Mr. Smythe by the next mail gave the necessary informa tion, but stroDgly advised Herr Wilhelmj to postpone his visit, if he wished to commence his tonr in Melbourne, until after the olosing of the International Exhibition. Herr Wilhelmj ac cordingly returned to JSurope. 