[?] * ' ♦' ?? ^ ' BV ' DONALD CAMERON, Author of' SilvtKWaitr Btni,'. it Gcripopoliti' . '* ? ' Trawformationti' : 'For Earthly Passions' Sake' ' Qrit,' 'La Fills da Diablo,' 'The SkinjSn , Ministry,' #«., $c. The.pittMiaito, do. lllvileoda malts ill deals dono.' ' Pa nTl III.— GLEAM. . r ....OHAPTBE-XXVin— /'CbHliiiiitd.J,. ' No, no, no 1' mooned Warana, wringing her-bonda. ' On'myway hero I heard the itilinell iof.' doom. . I' stopped- in tho hotel nt t'.Gleamvwaitiug /for, the coaoh tostart. Tho ?. place! was Crowded, owing to an eleotion simeotinn .being about to be held, anil .my oompanion — a humble friend of my mother's . -^and I,wero,Bhown into a room, or ratUor ?. . box, .in whioh, aB the division did not riue '.very bigli, we.eould hear all that was taid in j the next oomparlment. Whon ooming out ol tho^ train, I had noticed Walter and his ?'motherand sister— he is oub of tho onndi 'r/riatan—nnri liml .Into \dt£tn- Vflil Rf» thllt llfl 'JooDld' not recognise Jj^'Wo had uot boon long-iriithe room who,' heard voioea iu the noxt | apartment, and I . at onco rocogniscd -rVyaltojr'a, Frpm tho conversation Llearned I the, other, person waa Dotootivo Longsijjht.' ( . .Viotor started, v Ob, ,ttia« I had novor heard that oon veraatiijn,' continued Warana. ' And yet it, was better for yonr Bake ; it may save ? ? joui ' Iiongeight said, Viotor — oh, how ' weak -I feel — that hejhad tound the miBBing ' link1 in' the obain of evidenoe— tho anger you ? thad 'borrowoa trom tho oarpenter iu Grit, ' And'wbioh was . found in', the ipoBeeBBion oi ? 'Mrt.iO'Biion's son, who had piobed it. op in ? -Grant's house after his 'death — and that he ' had a warrant lor your arrest, whioh he will '^niejo- morrowi'lor the murder oi Frederick Grant — ' ''.-.?-?.A' .great pry. -of .agony, and a heavy fall . .eouBed Vlotor, .wlioFe,fiioo wiiB pnlo (in aaboB, ?i to epring np. Tbo exoitement naH toomuoh v-'tor Warsna, and Bhe fainted. iPastily «prinkling. water over her. face, , ..ViotorsBaWiher. revive, and he then Bprangto ? (.the idoor Land went, to his mother's: room. Mra. Grab am, who bad been an unwilling ' ?-? listener, .had, swooned, and lay extended on i , the carpet. ; To apply, tho meanB of reoovery . ^asjwith, Viotor. the work of an inBtanf, and \- fhe waa goon rewarded by his mother shiver sing cpnvnlBivoly, drawing', a ,dcep Bigb. nnd ?^.opening her oyes. .Waraha, who had re covered, dragged herself to the door, and there, paie as a ghost, fell on her knees by \- . ' Mrs. Graham. ' My boh, my son, my loBt son I' moaned Mrs. Graham, ' it is finished. 0 1 my God, my God, have moroy I pity a mother ia her ''(ronv I Kerne rel'ov Thv .MK)tb»v'o nngiut'li ???bnu Thou wnot ornoilio l upon thu aoouipod ?reu. My Bon, my son I ' ' Motbor,' said Victor, who, by ono of thono mighty offoi'ta that woro within tho power of bis great will, had onco moro lesuuiod a calm demeanour; 'bo not afraid ; all this is nothing. It is but tho determined effort of a rolontlesB onomy — of Longtight— who has novor forgiven my taking Alice from him. I will yet confound thom.' ' You'/will CBCipo,' suddenly oxolaimed Wararin, a gleain of liopo illuminating hi-r face, and' an almost roBy glow coming to hcrchoeks; 'you will leavo hero to«night and fly to othor landB, whero tho talons of tho law do not roach. And I will go with you, .Viotor ; wjiero you go I will go, your country will bo, my country, my lifo will bo dedicated to you. I onro not what you aro. I love you.' ?' And I will for over pray for you, son of my heart,' said Mrs. Graham. ' I will intercede day and night nt tho Tbrouo of Giaoo for iny darling, my only son. 0 I Father of all, hear a molhor'e prayor ; Eavo him, savo him, that he may repent !' ... 'This is love,' said Viotor, clasping bis hands. 'I am not worthy of it.' As ho Bpoke hia voice troinblod, his oyes glowed, not with tho magnetic light of yoro, but with bright tears. * But, ri-memboring his position, and onco more mastering his emotion, Victor took tho hands of his motherand botrothed and raised them up, 'Dear ones,' ho said, in that old, swoot, low tone of his that no ono could resist, ' lot this agitating scono ond. I require a short timo to rest and consider what i-i to bo done — whether T should faco tho accu sation or seek safety by flight. Mother, Warana, bo not afraid ; I will escape.' Thero was a strange inflection in his voice as ho faid this. *' Mother, tako Waraua with you to tho grey parlour, and there rest your selves, whilo I think out the future. I will send for you by-and-bye.' The two women obeyed him. Aftei- ho bad strained each to his bioust and kissed them, he stood iu tho door of tho study and watched as they tottered away sup porting each other. When thoy had passed beyond hia vision, ho turned into the sLudy, striking his hand, in rago nnd despair, upon his brow. In tho Btudy stood Alico Manton, white as death, hor hands clasped, her form rigid aB a statuo. . 'Alice, what do you hero ?' criod Victor,. who wob almost mad. She did not reply, But fell in a hoap at his feet. CHAPTER XXIX. ' ' TUB FLIQ1IT or LONGSIGni. ., Like the flash of the lightning followed by the roar of thunder on the traveller wholo not prepared for the olemontnl strife war, tbe Btern command of Dan Keg an to tho excited politicians in tho long room of the Gleam Hotel. Wot a man breathed for a minute or two after the dread words wore pronounced. Eyoryone, however, com prehended in a moment the situation : that «t last thoy wero brought face to face with the Terror of Gleam, aud that, In all pro-; bablltty, nomo of them would never nee tho coming dawn. A horror too groat for words foil npou tho aaeemblage, and tho less oourageoui sank to tho ground by instinct, end lay there grovelling in the moot abj.ict terror. The larger number were «iiu ply dbzed, bewildered, stunnpd, and for tho moment knew not what to do or think. Thoy bad, heretofore, rather enjoyed 'the escapadea of tho buahrangero — at a distance ; but irhen they beheld thoBC dreaded men— when they knew that at any moment death in tho shape ol a. leaden bullet might be theirs — the aituatlon was indeed altered. Sumo, especially those near tho door, roaro.l francfcioally for mercy. ? 'Shut your mouths !' shouted Data Began, with a fearful oath, ' or by God I I'll give' you ronton to cry out, and that for the lnat time, too I Be uilontand liat«n to me, or I'll send norne of you off to jolu the dovil beforo your time. You've been holding a political meeting, I aee — a meeting to elect men to msko lawe to bunt down such mon aa mo — curite thom. Now, just consider Dan Began a candidato and one that you'll have to vote for whether you like or not. You need not be afraid, if you do as I toll -you. Not a living eoul muat leave this room until we give permiBilnn. Hero you must remain until tho special police train arrives. Wo havo taken up the rails at the Bend, and even if they've got a pilot, thoy'll go: to eternal smash. - Wo intend to shoot the most of them, and to take tho rest captlvo to tho mountains — do you hear that — and treat with tho Goyorament, with thoir lives iu our hands. (There, isn't that bold ? .Could any man but Dan Began have .laid so perfeot plan ? The telegraph wlroa aro cut, and the thing will be done, and we'll bo in tho mountains bofore the people in Melbourne know a word of it.' There wan a strango light o£ exultation and vanity in Dan's . tace as he spoke thuB, Standinir at tho door, bis grand form towering abovo the frightened wretohes who, in all positions, huddled noar him. 'You'ro there, Mr. Reardon ?' said he, with an evil smile, as ho . noticed that gentleman seeking to hide himself behind Walter Manton, who had stood boldly in front of the terrified contingent . on tho platform. 'Well, I'vo a great mind to shoot you, for you'ro a bad sort — you belong to the swells-r-but I'll think over it. Ah I here you como,' ho , added, to Tim and Harry, who arrived with a batch of prisoners, and who were thruBt into the already overcrowded room. 'Well, what have you done ?' ' ' We've brought these,' replied Tim, ' and lockod up the rest in their hougos.' *' You're sure there isn't a bouI left ?' 'Certain,' replied Tim, confidently. ' I know every person in Gleam, and we went to every house.' ' ThatiBgood,' said Dan. 'Now, Mrs. Grogan,' he said to the trembling land lady who, d prisoner, stood close to him, ' tell me is there ony way to get out of this room except this door ?' I ' There's a way through- the bedroom,' replied the trembling woman. 'Is there?' roared Dan, with a terrible oath. 'Go with Bat at once and aee It's looked. Here, Tim, Harry, go iu and shut the window, then you'll o imo back here and stand at the door with your revolvers pointedattheaepeople, and if one offurato stir, shoot him through the head. Now, Mrs. Grogan,' he added, to the'iandUdy, who looked half dead' with fear, ' come and get something to eat for ub, and plenty to drink, for ne want lota of whisky to work us up to the fight that's coming off boforo anothor hour.' 'Dan Began,' sjid Waller, In a firm, steady voice. Walter had so greatly altered sinoe Dsn had seen him in Grit that ho had not rccogniBod him, Tho sound of hiB voice, and the recollection that he had been told Walter was a oundidate, euabled Dan, however, to remember his former aoquiintsnce. ' Walter Manton ? ' he said. ' Yes, Waltor Manton,' w.tB tlio] reply j 'and he would ask you, Dan Began, tor the Bake of old »cqualatanco— wo know each \ ? 1 oMirr as childron — to p'lruuo iw; furHicr ' lo'rlMi* liff — r;» «b':n no moro blood. You know whft^ muit. corao of it, D m Ilflgan ; you kuow theno innooont mon, who nrn now coming in tbo train feoui Molboumo, wo only doing thoir duty— ?what you would do if you wero In their placo j that thoy havo familloB And relativea dependent upon them for brend. I imploro you, Dm, to give up this terrible Idovof yout*, to Ioryo tbo place and to go back to your raouutftino. Think, Dan Itagnn, whilo you nre y«t in cold blood, while tho terrlblo drink hni not mounted to your brMn, of tho folly you contomplnt*. Kven if tho trtviu Ik wrecked thero will bo enough police loft unlnjurnd to nhoot you down ; oven if you o^rry out your plan, tho colony witl rise nn one man when thoy hear of it nnd hunt you to death. You nro now regarded rb an outlnw — a murdorur, but thore are nomo who think you hnvo boon fll»ned ftgainst ; but, commit this deod, doom twenty or thirty innocent mon bo a horrible doath, and tho vilont in tho Und will thir«t for your blood. Stop, boforo It is too lato, Dan ! atop and think 1' During this dpncch, which was delivorod in tho earnoat, impasBionod ntylo that tho occasion callod for, aud iu a toao so nincere that it cut the outUwa, particularly Bxt Riley, to tho hoart. Dan Itegan aoemod to montally writhe benoath llio sippoal, for ho could nob deny Waltor'u ryaBonlnsca. This, howorer, angered him nil tho more. ' Ycb,' ho ohoutcd ; ' I will Btop and think, Walter Manton. I will wtop and think of my wrongs, and lb will help mo to do what Tve sworn. I caro not what comes; I'vo determined to havo rovongo. To-uigUt I will have Lougeight — the man who drove mo from Grit, who flout m* to gaol — dying at my feot ; to-morvow morning I will pub a bulloi through the br«in of Victor Graham and revongo my dead sister Hose. And you atop and think, Waltor I-Untou, before you spoak like that agalu to me. What can you know of ir«y feelluge, of my despair. You havo not been hunted like a dingo from mountalu to mountain, starved until you were glad to oat the root*, oonfiacd -ln g&ol; like a dog, imprisoned in the dark crll ! No; you've had a smooth life ; you've had plenty of money, lots of frionds, respectable aocioty, and all that. S'op *.nd think, Walter Manton* aud, if you don't want to bo a corpae, koep a filent tongue. Euro,' ho roared, as Mrs. Manton and Talaugu, who were in u cornor of tho room, burst into shriek*, 'stop that ah once, or — ' He had no necessity to say moro ; a alienee like tho grave fell upon the terror-stricken assembly. Bat had left with Mrs, Grogan to tee she pr&pared; the suppor. A queer fancy aeetnod to Btrikoi Dan. ? 41 Now, look here,' he Bald, in a less elevated ntylo, and with the rough humour for which he was occasionally noted, ' ah you're caudldates, and are bound to answer questions, let me ask you one. Mr. lisnrdon, stand out I' To ask Mr. Beardon to stand w*a a little too much. Had the fate of tho world depended upon it, Mr. Rsardon would not hava been able to stand ijnaRsistod on his lega. 'Stand out, will you?' roared Dau, ' or I'll stnd'a. bullet through your fat carcato.' As this would havo probably led to several on the platform participating in Mr. Bear don'a i»t», thepluokier seized that gentleman, who resembled a bag of oslfsfoot jelly, and held him in front. His terror was so jjrai that he could not, c.ven actiaulato a orf for mercy — it was well for him hn. could not, for Dan Began was in the worst ol tempern j hi! Wiin ao^ry with himself, Walter's words havin^touohed him to tho quick, 'Now, Mr. Beardon,' oaid Dan, 'when you've .stopped shaking like a Vilanc:man({e ,w}ll' ..you anawer me: thiai: question : If returned to Parliament, would you vote for a frco pardon. to the Kfigan Gaug, on condition they left the country ?' , ' j ea,' gaoped Mr. Baardonj ; finding hi« speeohi in hia great agpny ; '.and ^ pay, .thelit ; expenaea, too.' , * , . . , . ' ' Bravo I' said Dan, with a mooking laugh ; 'ipolitioians' promis'os are like pis oraBt— ; mado, to bo broken. Ouoe safe in Spring atreet, and you'd doublo the reward for but I oapmre. Now, my young hero, Walter, whit j ia jonr answer to that question ?' ' The only answer an . honest man oaii, give,' replied Waiter, firmjy No I ' ' Good ! ' said Dau ; ' ibat's honest, and j I like you the better. Bat don't jio, afraid ; ; we'll never want yonr help. Our lives are in I oar hands, and we'll .do.or die this night— I - don't oaro whioh— I'm tirod oi life I ' And witha finalworning to the gnarda at: tbo door, D'ah strode away't'o' Join Bat and! Mrs. Grouah with a nr'6ud,,Bolfr'BatiBfied air. albeit lio ojiuld not coaoeaf the Bhadow of: approaching doom that weighed him down,: and to dispel wiiioh he iled to the whisitj , bottle. ' Had Dau Began lcnowu what had tran spired whilo ho wbb bragRing in the doorway,; he would not have gono to bis potations with a satin tied mind. Walter Manlon had, how ever, seen an oeearrcnce that augured ill for Dan Bogan and bis comrades. We have : said one of Walter's warmest supporters iui the .room was Doteutivo ? Longaight, who' stood in the corner, near the disused door by whioh Mra. Grogan had allowed tho Liberals to enter, thereby breaking her pledge to tbe Conservatives. The moment Dan's voico rang tbrongh the room, Iiongaight, who was: disguised, had oroaohed out of sight, and' when Walter looked for him again he was gone. A man of groat norvo and- immenae rooouroo, Dotootivo Longeight had imme diately grasped the situation. Ho had heard, as ho crept out unporoeived, so terrified was everyone, so intent on their, own Bafoty, Dan's rough outline of his planB, and he knew too muoh of the railway line not to see that the outlaws' plot would' bo com pletely successful unless it was possible to tl,„ '.,1 l„.i„ .. fnm vnilaa Gleam. To take a horso would be impos sible.; he must trust to his running powers to reach Wellabudda Hill before the traiu.: At that plaae the lino began to descend into. Gleam, and ho knew the train would prooeed at a fair paoo down the doolivity. Juat past Gleam thero was a very sharp ourve, and it waB hero the bushrangers had taken up the railB. Even if she. had a pilot ongine a oatastrophe would bo inevitable, so sharp was tho ourve, so Buddon tho dosoont. For tunately he had matoheB, and with those, if he reached Wallabudda Hill before Bteam. was shut off and the train began tho desoent, ho would be able to atop her. It was a wild and fe&rfal; night when Xiong sight stealthily emerged into tho darkooBS, and, with light footfall, fied towardB the buabi, in order to get under ooyer. Ho 'was atmed witli a revolver only ; but it was a good one, anil lie know that with it he oould soil his lifo liimrly. The auow had oea-'edto fall, and lay in driliB over the plaiuB, its Bpeotral white contrasting with tho dark trunks of the gum-trees— blaok on ono side, white on tho other. This was all tho worse for Longaight, as his figure was thrown out in relief. A high wind had rieon, nnd vjfto drivinR the groy olouds before it with a great wraok, shaking tho Bnow 00 the branohes with a | oraokling noise that made Longaight start and put his hand on hia revolver. Nothing oould bo bo unfortunate as the enow, for if he were mieaed the bushrangers oould easily find his tracks, and they, would 'follow him like elaoth hounds. As soon as he had reached some diatanoe from Gleam, LongeigUt, who was running liko tho wind, for ho(TO0 this and wiry, and a goo 1 ntliloto. raurte tor the railway ) iw, whioh ho followed. On, on ovor thoio^g'i ballast, as if it wero vordant turf, tho nn daunted man led, oonsoionH tbnt in liis hands wore tho livoa of tbo peoplo in the train. Tho wind blow fiercely in hia te tl-, sharp r.lont bo.'jnn to fall, and out and hliSterod bin fnon, bat bo paid no hood. On, on whilo tbo winilB shrieked and howled liko a pack ot demons through the gnUies nnd ravlnos. On, on through a darkness tbot, bnt for tho gleam of tho snow, would have beon Cimmerian. On, on flod tho gallant yonng man, oonsoionn only of ono thing — that ho must eavo tbo triin or dio. Thom was no timo to look at his watch j ovory Boeond must be devoted to tbo fearful rnon. On, on ! whoro waa Wallabn Ida Hill? Snroly it had receded in tho nii;ht. Hia breath was failinn, his limbs tromMod with ovor-tonBion, oold ns tho night was tho perspiration ponrod from liim in stroamB. Horrid thought, bin linen would bo too wot to light bb a beacon. Ah I what waB that? Tho warrant for Viator's appre honcion anil several othor papors — thoy would do. (To be continvcd.) 