CONDITIONAL PURCHASES. At Cootamuhdba.— Samuel Ward, 80 aores, Ulaudra; R. Weston, 40 aorta, Ulsndra; E.J, Carry, 40 acres, Dndauman ; A. S. 0. Beveridge, 80 aorea. Dinar Dinar ; Kenneth M'Leod. 4C acres, Brawlin ; J. F. andE, P. Dames, 40 m»e, Qolliogis At Gundaoai.— Jnstin McCarthy, 80 aores, Enrongilly ; P. J. O'Donnell, 40 acres, Coolao ; George Grainger, 240 aores, Claris; James Lloyd, 200 acres, Bnndarbo; James Cnllen, 400 sores, Gooney. At Gunning.— O. and F. Byrne, 40 acres, 22nd i section, parish of PreBton ; Thos. Dowling, 55 aoreB, 22nd section, parish of Kildsre ; E. A. Webster, 60 aorss, 21st section, parish _ of Romner; Henry Kensit, 40 acros, 21st section, parish of Jerrara ; Patriok Tally, sen., 40 acros, 21b6 Beotion, parish of Lampton. At Burrowa. - J. Perks, 100 acros, parish of Olney;' J. Manyan, 500 acres, Rugby; W. H. Yeo, 100 aoreB, Rossi';' J'. Cass, 126 acres 2 roods, Douglas; J. Cantwell, 320 acres, Kenyu ; A. E. Middleton, 40 sores, Taunton ; R. Roberts, 200 aores, Hovell ; J. RobertB, 200 acres, Hovell. At Young. — Joseph Dwyer, 78 acres, Douglas ; Mary Jane Baker, 140 acres, Coologong ; Steol Caldwell, 40 ocreB, Thuddungro. At Wagga Wagqa.— Riohord Cox, 440 acroB, county of Bourko, parish of Morror; Union Bank, 400 acres, oonnty of Wynyard, parish of Rowan ; Elizabeth Quirk, 50 ncres, oonnty of Mitchell, parish of Mnndawaddery ; Henry Ghattsrton. 50 sores, aountv of Mitoholl, parish of Sandy Creek ; Win. Cox, 500 acros, oounty of Wynyard, parish of LivingBtono; William Jas. RobertB, 60 acres, county of Bourke, parish of Tooyal ; Martha Cox, 40 acres, county of Wyn yard, parish of Livingstone. St. Augustine's Guild.— The half-yearly meet ing of this society will be held next Sunday, at the Guild Hall. The Weather. — Sinoe our last issue tho weather has been oool, and BhowerB have fre quently fallen. Already tho improvement of grass lands by the late heavy rnins_ is apparent. Condenbbd Milk. — We have reoeived, through the courtesy of Mr. J. F. Castle, J.P., of Cavan, a tin of condensed milk from the establishment of the Kiama and Gerringong Condensed Milk Company, and will have a few observations to make upon it in our next issue. Bladon'b Health Salinb, or Life Salt.— a friend a few weekB ago forwarded to us a sample bottle of this very excellent effervescing tonic and aperient., and in Friday's paper _ we shall farther refer to this excellent preparation. Terrible Accident.— Lost Saturday afternoon, about four o'clock, a shooking accident ocourred at the rocky precipice on the south bank of tho Ybbb River known as Hibernia Terrace, and not far from the police barracks. Two brothers named Daffy were engaged at the top of the steep descent in oatcbine a eoat. their property, when the eldest, Edward Duffy, who is about fourteon years of sge, slipped, and fell to the bottom, a distance of between thirty end forty feet. A boy named Dyball wbb near at hand, and tbe screamB of tbe younger Duffy attracted bis attention, when the little fellow (Dyball) at once ran to the barraoks to acquaint the police of the accident. On his way he mot a lad named Mead, who rushed through the river at some risk to him self and ran to Mr. Duffy's, the injured boy's father, telling him what had happened. The father, who had been ill for some tirao, hastened in his bare feet and without coat or hat, and swimming aoroBS the river found his poor boy in a shooking state. His heed was cut and bleeding, the left arm terribly ehattered and the boneB protruding, and blood flowing from different parts of his body. The polioe, meantime, had procured a cart and the poor lad wbb carefully removed to Mr. Cuzuer'b inn, opposite the court-house. Dr. Ferry having been sent for, arrived a few minutes after the cart, and the boy was lifted on a blanket into the honBe. Tbe Dr. examined the iojariee reoeived, end recommended removal to the hospital. This was done, the extent of the injuries reoeived oarefully examined, and every thing done that was possible under the circum stances. Next morning Dr. Perry and Dr. Blake agreed that amputation of the arm was necessary, and this was done some distance above the elbow. The vouna sufferer bore the pain well, and haB Bince shown symptoms of improvement — indeed, the dootors now think there is every probability of his recovery. The wriat bones were crushed into small pieoes and protrnded through the skin, the elbow was dislooated and the bone pushed upwards, There were some severe cuts on the face and head, bnt these were not dangerous, end the body was terribly bruised. It is astonish ing, considering the rocky, rugged, and high preoipice over whioh the boy fell, that instant death was not the result. Coohi-btrebt, Yabb. — Mr. Fitzpatrick, M.P., acoompanied by Mr. Bennett, engineer for roads, paid Yass a visit last Saturday, and on that afternoon Mr. Fitzpatriok and a few of his con stituents arranged to wait upon Mr. Bennett, to enqnire if anything oonld possibly be done to remove the large open drain from the aide of tho principal street of tbe town, whioh ia also a part of the Great Southern Road. Mr. Fitzpatrick arged the matter npon Mr, Bennett's attention, and the latter gentleman kindly stated the positionn which the affair stood, that he had moat anxiously considered whot could bo done, and that he would attain eive the matter hiB beBt attention with a view to making some improve ment. He disapproved of the construction of a barrel-drain upon tbe aits of the present open watercourse, and stated his reasons for arriving at thia conclusion ; but thought it possible that email drains runniog down Meehan and Rossi streets might be so arranged as to carry off the flood water from those streets ond thus enable the dimensions of the drain at the side of Cooma- street to be considerably lessened. Ooe great difficulty ia his way was that the matter of drainage of even surface water could not be separated from the question of sewerage, and a covered drain was almost certain to be converted into a common sewer. He assured Mr. Fitz patriok that he would give the matter his best consideration, and at an early date. In name of the sentlemen present Mr. Fitzpatriok thanked Mr. Bennett for his promised attention. The English Ballad Concert Comfant, who are highly spoken of, announce conoerts in Yass on the evenings of next Thursday and Friday. A choise programme -for Thursday evening appears iu to- day'spaper. The Wbsletan Conference. — The followiog are the stations in the Goulburn district, as agreed to by the Conference Goulburn, Francis Tait ; Crookwell, Charles W. Graham ; Yass, Joseph Hopkins ; Gunning, John Clifton ; Braid- wood (one to be sent), R. W. Orton, super numerary ; Adelong, Robert JohnBton ; Quean- beyan, Samuel J. Gibson ; Wagga Wagga, Joseph Monahan ; Young, Alfred Swift ; Gootampndra, Richard East ; Mittagong, Thomas R, M'Miohael ; Deniliquio, George A. Reeve; Hay, Ebenezer Fox ; Balrauald, one to be seDt, who aball ctaaogo ouoe a quarter with the minister of the Hay circnit; Wentwortb, Thomas Northcott ; Corona, Alexander Hulohinson.— Fbancis Tait, Chair man of the District. Reserve from Sale for Police Paddock. -- No. 99. County of Murray, parish of Hume, orea abont 41 acres. The Crown lands within ths following boundaries : Commencing on the left bank of the Yass River, at the sonth-east corner of Geo. E. Maokay'a 50 acres ; and bounded thence on the north by the sonth boundary of that portion and tbe southernmost boundary of portion No. 1, bearing west to the east boundary of H. Zouch'a 20 acres ; thence on the west by part of that east boundary, tbe east boundary of A. R. Zouoh'b 30 acres, and part of the east boundary of A. R. Zouch'a 35 acres, south to a point dne west from the north-west corner of portieo No. 2 ; thence on the- south bye line east to that corner, and the north boundaries of portion No. 2 aforesaid, and H. Home's 50 acres bearing east to the Yasa River aforeBeid ; thence by that river downwards, to the point of com mencement. Tjmoju, Friday.— A 12-oz. nugget wee fonud orithie.8orubyard road, near Parker'i dam. Matthews and party got a 1 oz. piece. Dennis and Co., north of Maloney's, washed 140 loads >tor2 iiwte. per load. " The Baliarat claim washed 16 loads for 6 ozs. per load. Lagoo and party, adjoining Lewis's riob claim, arc now washing; 240 loads. "Banks and party picked out a 3-oz. pieoe, and a 24-oz. piece was found in one of tbe lower claims yostorday. White's ona-sixth of Lowis'B well-known claim was sold Jby -auction this arternoou, and realised £545 oash. Lewis was the purchasor. A 17-dwt, pioco was found to-day in a now claim on tho main road. Very heavy rains are roportod at WoodBtown. _A splendid steady rain has already fallen, with every prospect of continuiog throughout the night. It is statod that Seaborno's dams, near Woodstown River, are now flowing ovor. _ Satur day.— An important mining oase was deoided to day, Tho plaintiff, Hopkins, a publican, sued Thomas Griffin, a shareholder in a rich clajm near tho Golden Gate, for a half-shero, which plaintiff alleged bo had bought for £2. Griffin pleaded that ho sold it when drunk, and the warden dismissed tho case. Plaintiff gave notice of appeal.— Saturday. — Fostor and party last wook got 33 ozs. 8 dwts., tho largest piece being 12 ozs. ; Keogan and party in tho now Van, from ten dishos, avoroged 14 grs, per dish; Hard and party, near Malonoy's, havo boon nickinc out Diocos of UD to 14 dwts. No. 3 on Doutohcrs's line, divided £61 last week. Calla and party picked out 15 dwts. on Thursday. Finch and porty, Bouth of Tynan's, got two small nuggots. Wilson and party No 3 Tynan bottomed their now shaft on a prospect of half a dwt. per dish. Malone and Corbett got twenty ounoes last week. Tbe Diorite claim got a4-oz. nugget, tho Unknown claim a 9-oz. nugget, and Kemp and party a lj-oz. nugget. Kem, M'IntOBh, and party got a 36-oz. nugget this morning. A most stormy annual mooting of the subscribers to the hospital was held last night, and lasted till nonrly ono a.m., and then adjourned. All the old officers wero ousted. Dr. O'Connell was ap pointed surgeon instead of Dr. Ryloy, Uto medical officer. There is great excitement in the market as to Bhare investments - -Tele, to S. M. Herald. Small Farmers Growing Sheep.— Wool being in tho ascendant just now, the following from a correspondent of the Adelaide Observer will bo of interest. Tho writer, a Woodoheater farmer, says on observing a recommendation to farmers to keep sheep: — "I farm abont two hundred and fifty acres, ond crop half every yoor, keeping seventy or eighty sheep— ewes, with two ramB, which always run with the shoep, and I get at least one hundred ond fifty per cent, of lambs per annum. Keep your eweB fat. Now, what do they eat ? you say. Wire weed ; anything will eat at this time of tho vear, but sheep will live on cook spurs, stink wort, stioky weed, milk wood, ond any other weed that is a trouble to a farmer. If a man has plenty of dirty land — ond what farmer has not? — they ore no trouble, but they want water once in two days io summer, and they will pay two hundrod por cent. Mine paid 15s. last year, ond 14s. tho.yeor beforo por hood; but do not overstook, unloss you want mora trouble and loss profit, . for you will got both if you do. When once the crop hoe a good foothold I think thoy do raoro good than harm on it up to the ond of July on tho plains. Last year I folded a small piece and had two tons of hay to tho acre where I folded tho sheep and half a ton per aero on the rest of the paddock." Skuthorfe's Alleged Discoveries.— It is cer tain that tho Press of the other colonies are im patient at tho reticence of Mr. Skuthorpe. The Australasian of February 5 Bays : — "The dis covery of Leiohhardt rolics which Mr. Skuthorpe somo weoks ago declared that he had made still occnpios an ambiguous position, and sooms in danger of being forgotten before it is substan tiated. Under these circumstances it is no wonder if a fooling of scepticism on the subjeot is rapidly spreading, and that this is so is entirely duo to tho course of action Mr. Skuthorpe has takon. That gentleman has asked the publio to believe a very extraordinary, and, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, a very improbable, statement, merely on his assurance, and tho evidence whioh ho declares he possesses be keeps carefully concealed from the eyos of all interested in tho matter. Wo have been told that Mr. Skuthorpe has excellent reasons for tho lino of action he has adopted, but we have never been able to understand ' what these reasons are. It is only a natural con sequence of suoh a position that a feeling of in- oredality should arise, and should extend with regard to tho whole narrative." The Goulburn Agricultural Association.— The Post roports : — The pavilion that is being erected for the Goulburn Agricultural, Pastoral, and Hortionltural Society on their splendid piece of ground in this city is progressing very satis factorily, although of course some delay haB occurred through tbe wet weather whioh pro- vailed during the past three or four days ; and the contractor for the work (Mr. Thomas Witkie) feels confident that he will be able to complete the structure within the specified time, three weeks from next Tuesday, should the weather bo anything like favourable. The flooring iB completed and the roof on, the principal part that has now to be done being the fanoy work, doors, windows, and painting; and when com pleted, tho building will be quite an ornament to the place besides admirably answering the purpose for which it is intended. The building is of considerable dimensions, being seventy-five feet by fifty ; and promises to refleot credit both upon tho contractor and the architect (Mr. Henry O. Bell). The gronnd around the pavilion has also been considerably improved by filling up ruts, boles, and otherwise; and tbe different Bheds are in course of ereotion. Tbe two secre taries and some members of the committee, to gether with their friends, paid a visit to the ground on Monday evening, and we understand expressed themselves as well pleased with tbe progress of the works. Serious Accident on thb Burrowa Race course.— On Friday, daring the coarse of the Hack Race, one of the horaes (Waterloo) ridden bv Daniel Murobv when turning into the straight suddenly fell with the rider under, causing severe injuries to him, Murphy was speedily conveyed to tbe Royal Hotel, where he was attended to by Dr. Hobbs, and everything pos sible was done that could give bim relief. We understand none of bis bones were broken, bis injuries being internal. On Friday he was a little better, and was progressing favourably. The Melbournb "Age" on Sir Henry Pabk.es. —The Age publishes a violent attack on Sir Henry Parkes. It says Sir Henry Parkea made the moBt of his opportunities at Albnry. But then he always does improve the shining hoar ; it has been his leading principle through out lite. It was by making the most of his opportunities that be elevated himself from the position of a dealer in toys to that of the Premier i of New South Wales, a Knight Commander of St. Michael and St. George. His politicol enemies have sometimes said that in the way he makes use of his opportunities, Sir Henry is jnst a little unscrupulous. This calumny was asserted of the honourable gentleman at the time when be conducted the Empire newspaper ; upon the occasions when be figured in the Sydney Insolvency Court ; when he hanged the wretched maniac, Farrol ; when be traded upon the religious animosities which periodically disgrace New South Wales ; when be enacted a Treason Felony Bill, which mode it a penal offence not to drink tbe Queen's health with three times three; when he believed, or professed to believe, in tbe Kiama ghost ; when he pardoned the bushranger Gardiner in defiance of all respectable public opinion ; and when he destroyed the old records of the colony, in order that sooiety in New South Wales might never be made to blnBh for ita ancestors. But then the persons who charge Sir Henry Parkes with being unscrupulous are his political enemies, ond everybody knows that I the criticism of one's enemies is apt to be a little | unjust." Tbe article then proceeds to acknow- | ledge tbe energy and ability of Sir Henry Parkas, j but sacuses him of pandering to the selfish | interests of the people of Riverine, in order to ; induce them to trade with Sydney, and adds— " Nothing can excuse the bad form of which' Sir Henry Parkea was guilty at Albnry. When he lectured' Mr, Berry and Mr. Patterson upon the fisoal polioy of Victoria, they were his guests, and he was bound to treat them with at least civility. Nothing was said by either of the Victorian Ministers which could excuse the very flagrant violation of good taste by tho N.S.W. Premier." Atrocious Libbl and its Punishment.— The following partiouforB of a libel oase tried at the Sydney Quarter Sessions last Friday should act as a salutary warning to the individual (who is known) who on several occasions committed a similar disgraceful aot by affixing written placards at the Yass post-office :— Louis Orlando Oarr, a picture- frame maker, surrendered to his bail to answer a charge of having malioiously and criminally libelled tho character of Mrs. Mary Bull, residing at 739, Georgo-street. The defendant pleaded not guilty, and wbb defended by Mr. J. H. Want. According to the case for the Crown, it appeared that for some time previous to May last the defendant and prose cutrix were both members of the Independent Order of Good Templars ; iu that month a oivil action for libel was brought by the defendant acain9t tho proaoontrix, in whioh he was unsuc- cessful ; shortly afterwards, in June, the de fendant was observed by one of the caretakers of the Temperanoe Hall to leave a placard in the building, on which were written the following words :—" Notice. — Inqniro into the oharaoter of Sister Bull," &o.;— the remaining words re flecting seriously, on the charaoter of the plaintiff. On the 6tb Deoember the defendant was caught by the prosecutrix sticking a placard on a post opposite her house bearing libellous words. Mrs. Mary Bull was called, and stated that she was the wife of Edward Bull, a bricklayer ; she saw the defendant plaoing a placard (produced) against the post in front of her house at four o'clock iu the morning of the 6th Deoember; witness's husband was present at tbe time, and said to defendant, "I've canght you at last." Some time before that the defendant had de manded £50 from witneeB, and threatened that if she did not give him the money he would damage her oharaoter all over Georga-straefc ; after that she received a letter (produoed) ia whioh the defendant alluded to her having been at his shop alone with him in the dark ; ahe had never been there. Cross-examined by Mr. Want : Defendant at one time wented her to leave her husband and family and go away with him ; he said he must have money ; the name of the man allnded to as thehunohbeck was Roper; he lived at witness's house, and she had once been up tha Parramatta River with him. To Mr. RogerB : Had sat up for several nights try ing to disoover tha person who posted up the placards ; Roper was still living in her houBe as a boarder, and was an assistant in the shop ; it was not true that there hsd been any undue familiarity between Roper and witness. Thomas Charles Sayer, the caretaker of the Temperance Hall, who was examined, proved that be saw the defendant plaee a plaosrd on the table of the room where the Pioneer Lodge assembled ; the defendant did it very quiokly, and left the room with his bat over his oyeB, as if to avoid being seen. Tbe Pioneer Lodge (to which the proBe- outrix belonged) was to meet that evening. Other evidenoe was tendered for the proBeoa- tion, which in the main corroborated the above faots. Mr. Want having addressed the jury oa behalf of the defendant, his Honor summed up. The jury retired for a few minutes, end brought in o verdict of guilty. The defendant was sen tenced to twelve months' imprisonment in Dar- liughurst gaol. How are the "Mighty" Fallbn?— Mr. Far- nell made what must for an ex-Minister of the Crown be oonBidered rather a peculiar speeoh at the banquet in connootion with the Kiama Bhow the other day. He said he preferred Buoh occa sions as these, when he oould countenance the advancement of the country, to going to such frivolities as were taking place at Albury and Dubbo. (Hear, hear.) As a politioian, he had been too straight, but as long as an; constitu- ency bad sufficient faith in him to eleot him, ha wonld see that the Government oarried out pro per measures. (Cheers.) He depreoated the praotice of going to Government for help, end said those only would receive assistance who "helped themselves." (Applause.) He had been "put on the shelf," and he supposed that until "old Harry" or "old Jook" died — (laughter)— he would never have a chance again. The present Government were forced to carry out meaiurea he had initiated, but were coming back to the old track again. He went in for honest Government, bnt that could never suc ceed in New Sonth Wales. (Hear, hear.) They had the greatest ohioanery and "Haselmayer" business in the earrying on of Government. (Laughter aud cheers.) But the Ministers knew bow to keep Bnch things bb the Kiama railway " looming in the distance." (Cheers.) He had not oome down to discover " the Kiama ghost " —(laughter)— bnt he strongly advised the people to demand their railway as a right, when he waa confident they wonid get it in two years. (Applause.) The Railway Rates.— A telegram to the S. D. Telearavh states— Groat surprise is felt in Wagga Wagga at tho new goods classification sheet issued by the railway department. Under the rate sheet just eancelled the following were the charges :—First- olais rates, £3 7s. per ton; second claea, £4 4s. 6d. ; third cIbbb, whioh in cludes all case goods, drapery, grocery, £5 17s. Now the oharge is, third olass goods, £6 10s, ; and all others in proportion. Special rates wero issued yostorday intended to apply to Albnry and Wagga, making third oIbbi goods £3 7s. 9d, per ton. This is excessive. One of tho princi pal local firms having several tons of goods from Melbourne at Albnry telegraphed to-day to for ward their goods by teams, thereby saving 15s. per ton. Several looal firms are making ar rangements with Wrighc, Heaton, and Co. to forward their goods by teams rather than suffer this imnosition. Mr. Bailev. the manager of the firm, states ho can make arrangements from Albnry for carting goods at a less oharge than tha railway rates. The fsot is, Sydney can never compete with Melbonrne for the carriage o! goods, so far as Wagga ia concerned, end if tho Sydney authorities are not carefnl Sydney will soon Iobb the Wagga portion of ber trade alto gether. On angar alone from Sydney the old rate was £3 6s. per ton on a trnok load of 6 tone ; now it is £5 5s. par ton on any quantity. Tbe Government wants to shut out Melbonrne from the carrying trade, but tbe oourse adopted will be suicidal to tho interests of the Government of this colony. Anoihbr "Verdant Green." — The witness- box at the Melbonrne City Polioe Court haB con tained many a "Verdant Graeu," but could it speak, it would be safe to predict that it would agree that one of the moat verdant victims to the wiles of megsmen who ever told tbe story of his simplicity from it iB William Dowdall, who laBt Wednesday detailed the manner in which he was eased of about £100 in bright sovereigns in December last. The same three magsmeu who are obargod with fieeciug ope M'Clure, from Eohuca, of a conaiderable sum— Carmody, Lewis, and Irwin— »ro implicated in the transaction, bat only Irwin surrendered to his bail. The bail of the other two was ordered to be estreated. Dowdall told how he was met by one of the magsmen, and fraternised with bb only a fellow countryman can fraternise with one ; how one of the three "spoolers" informed him that ho had just arrived from New Zealand to see the wonders of the Exhibition, aud how while he was in conversation with this one, a " stranger " entered the "snug" of the public-bonse, and after asking whether thoy were " engaged in business," informed them thet he bed coma to town in oonneoUon with e homo ho was building in the country, end the plana of which ho pro duced aud ahowed them. He also laughingly informed them that he bad met a "young women " tha previous night in his rambles, and that she had presented him with her likenees, which he had in a box, which ho produced, and whioh Dowdall waa invited to open. He thought ha could, and actually wrote "a challenge" to the effect that he would do so in 15 seo., but failed to do so, and, to use his own words, was taken with suoh a "sudden faint feoling" that ha collapaod in more ways than one. The result of his temerity was that he lost two sums of 50 sovs, each. Tho bench remanded Irwin for n week, and insisted upon having two snretios of £200 eaob, besides his own recognisance in « similar/amount, for his bail.' —31. D. Telegraph, Bubied Alive— An Extraordinary Accident. — Eohuoa, Wednesday.— On Friday laBb a man named Galvin was engaged in sinking a shaft at Perriooota, which had oiiginaily boon sunk as a well, but as it was not considered suitablo for that purpose, it was decided to draw tho slabs, and whilst this work was in progress tho collapse ocourred, which placed Galvin in a terrible predicament, as the drift, a sort of quicksand, ran in aB faBt as it was removed, A second shaft was sunk, and o drive was put in it to reach Galvin, but this shaft was not doop enough, and the drive came out at Galvin's head instead of at his pedal extremitioB. Whon tho running sand was cleared away, it was found ira- posiible to get one leg and foot free, as they were firmly held by a slab. Tho drift again came in and buried Galvin all but his head. Ail this while food bed to be carried down to him, and he was fed aa he stood After sinking two new shafts, and driving 9 ft,, the unfortunato man .was roleased this afternoon, nftor being in hie perilous position five days, and, wonderful to relate, without receiving any injury, further than that caused by the anxiety and excitomont of the position. No serious results are anticipated. Over 150 persons were engaged in tho work of releasing Galvin, who, throughout his terrible position, bore himself with great fortitudo. _ Wagga and thb Railway Rates.— The Adver- iiser says— The new goods classification sheet which was heraldod forth with such a flourish of trumpets, and which, according to Ministers' statements, is to reduce the railway froights by thirty thousand pounds per annum, is a surprise for our tradespeople in Wagga Wagga. In plaoe of . a reduotion, which was anticipated on third olasB goods, whioh inoludes cases of oil descrip- tions of drapery and grocery, they will havo to pay a higher rate per ton, while on many other articles, including wire, Bugar. and other rrooJn extensively nsed in this district, as muoh as twenty per oent. more will hove to be paid than heretofore. A special rate sheet has been issued for goodB ooming by way of Albury, whioh simply raeanB proteotion. One looal firm has already telegraphed to Albury to forward goods by teams, whereby a saving of fifteen shillings . par ton will be effected. Tho new post and telegraph offioeB at Gunning are almost completed. The bridge over the Parraraatbn River has been opened for traffic. A Comptoir Decompte, or French Bank, is to be established at Melbourne. j The oollerioB and iron works at Litbgow uro ' in fnll work, the latter turning out 15 to 20 tons of tramway roils per dav. It is intended at once to proceed with tho ereotion of an hospital for inourablaa near Mel bourne at a cost of £6000. . detaohment of permanent artillery sta tioned at Newcastle havo been removed, their services there having been discontinued. The Viotorian Minister of Railways intouds to call. for tensors forthwith for an extension of the railway to the Murray bank. 'In' pursuance of a resolution of the Sydney Corporation, the foundations of the great hall of Bre being laid bare, that their true condition may be ascertained. At a meeting of the Murrurabidgee Turf Club it was deoided that the Autumn Raco Mooting flhould be one day, instead of two, as formerly. The 1st April was fixed as the date. At Gonlbnrn, the new evening public school is a great 6ucoess. There are 73 pupils, tho average attendance is 50, and 20 are studying filr the University examination Heavy storms are reported at Cobar. The town was deluged, the roofs of houses torn, and one horse struck by lightning and burnt. Every tank is reported to be overflowing. The Agent- General has forwarded a oablegrara to the Colonial Seoretary informing him of tho departure from England, on tha 31st January, of the ship Blair Gowrie, with 352 emigrants for Sydney. A spiritualist in Brisbane declares that tho epirits had informed him the body of Leichhardt i had been devoured by a shark, and there are many persons foolish enough to bolieve thisi humbug. > The formal opening of the railway between Junee and Narandero will take plaoe before the end of the current month, although the exact date has not yet been deoided upon. The line is completed. It is reported that Mr. Robertson, of McCarthy, Robertson, and Fisher, has issued a writ, claim ing £10,000 damages from the Bulletin for libel ; and another writ, in whioh damages are laid at £1000, has been issued by a local steamship com pany against the same paper. At Gonlbnrn, last Friday, a heavy thunder storm passed over the oity and it rainod in torrents for about two hours. The streets wore flooded; The Mulnarree and Wollondilly Rivers are overflowing their banks, and there are signs of a flood. The next series of London wool sales will commence on 15th instant. The quantity of new arrivals to be inolndod in this series is limited to 300,000 bales. Provided this figure be reached before the commencement of the sales no wool arriving after opening day to be ad mitted. The leading looal banking institutions havo followed their action in reducing tho rotes of interest on fixed deposits, by lowering tho dis count ratoB to 5, 6, end 7 per oent. for three, four, and five months' bills respectively, those being now the terms for the best paper. . "jWrtokor" in tflg Cumberland Mercury, soya the Civil Servants are abont to give Simonetti an order for a statue to Pid. The motto on the pedestal is to be "Learn to labour and to wait —for your sorews." A brief motto, for the same purpose, bsB also been suggested — to take this form, " Stew Pid 1" The gold esoort from Oootamundra on Thurs day last bore the following: — From Adelong, 707 oz. 15 dwt. 7 gr. ; Tumut, 106 oz. 10 dwt. 16 gr.; Tomora, 1676 oz. 6 dwt. 16 gr. ; Ooota mundra, 118 oz. O dwt. 19 gr. : total, 2608 ox. 13 dwt. 10 gr. From Cootaraundra £120 in sovereigns. Sharks are numerous in Sydney harbour. At Newcastle, last Friday, o monster shark, 16 feet in length and 8 feet in girth, was captured off Stockton wharf, by two boatmen Its jaws wsro were two feet six inches wide; when cat open, inBide itwes found two dogs almost entire, a great quantatity of boneB, rags, old rope, canvas, Ac. A destructive railway acoident on the Northern line, above Mnswellbrook, ocourred last Thurs day-night. Owing to the heavy rainstorm a quantity of ballasting was washed away from the line, and the piok-np goods train, with seven trnoks and a van behind, ran into tbe cavity and oansed mnoh damage ; but no persona were in jured. The engine and two trucks were over turned and embedded in the softened earth. A manufaotury in Germany turns out 1000 lbs. . grape sugar a day, made from old linen. The O.'4"nen,jrhioh is purely vegetable febrine, is 'djeh.sulphurjo acid and converted into dwtofle. ,vT.h>b ib washed with lime water, and AWiVtroatodWith .mbre.aQid, ftnd almost. im« medietolyil changes and crystallizes intoglncoBO, or Pf P jugar, whioh is highly valned in the mkklBg of, rich preserves and jellies. , ThoHon. W. J. Gierke, M.L.C., Victoria, some time ago Bant, through the Japanese Consnl (Mr. .fkfks), a thoroughbred horse as a present to the Emperor of Japan, and has received the fol- l?wis-reply.:-"Tokio. W. J. Clarke, Pre- sidnrt Tjf the International Exhibition, Mel- btiurpOjj— The thoroughbred horse of high c psalgfee, whioh yon wished to offer to his Majesty the Emperor, arrived safely and in ex cellent condition, and was immediately presented to hie Majesty, who was highly pleasod with him. 1 am commandod by his Majesty to convey to you the Imperial expression of thanks for the same. — Tokubaiji, Minister of his Imperial Maiestv's Household." Friday s Sydney Baily Telegraph states :— We have received a letter from Mr. Pi'roy Hodg- kinson roitorating hiB statement that Mr. Ilenniker Hoatou offered him £100 caBh down and a billot if ho would retire from the contest for Queanboyan. Mr. Hodgkinson says, "The ofier was conveyod to me by Mr. George Rolfe at the request of Mr. Hoaton, who waited in on adjoining room to roooivo my answer." En closed in tho letter are two extracts of the Qucanbeyan Age, the one signed by Mr. Samuel Davis and the other by Messrs. Abm. Myers and Geo. Rolfo, both affirming that Mr. Heaton did offer to buy Mr, Hodgkinson off at the sura and for tho consideration named. The Murrnmburrah conrt-houso was opened last Thursday. Messrs. Robinson, P.M. (Young), W. Barnes, J.P., and J. Robertson, J.P., pre siding. Mr. Gordon, solicitor, Young, opened the proceedings with a few well-ohosen remarks, congratulating their worships on the ocoaBion. Tho police magistrate replied describing tho building as ono of the best court-houseB out of Sydnoy. Mr. N. lloaly, solicitor, also made a few remarks. Tho building is a handsome ono, and a groat benofit to the town. The guests at the Albury banquet were afforded a good laugh by Mr. John VVhitoman, who re sponded on bohalf of Mr. Cornwall, one of the contractors for tho lino. Mr. Whiteman was formerly a mombor of the Victorian Assembly, and ho has also indulged in poetry to some ex tent, and both as a politician and a poet be has evinced a disposition to be jocular when a fitting ocoasion occurred. At Albnry ho spoke in flat tering terms of Mr. Berry and Sir Henry Parkes, and inforraod the company that the latter oamo from tho same county as he did himself, and that county had produced two great men. This was where the laughter enrao in, the company no doubt enjoying thorasolves at Mr. Whitoman's expense; but ho turned the joke by explaining that tho two men he referred to were Sir Henrv Parkes and William Shakspeare. W0.dnoBaay lost, daring a heavy storm, Mr. William Charles Lowe, of Elleralie, near Mudgoo, was driving home some cows, whon a Hash of lightning struck tho horse he was riding, bringing it to his knees, and stunning it. On recovering from the shook, Mr. Lowe round five cows struck down— one quite dead and anothor crippled ; tho other three oowa re covered. Daring tho height of tho storm whioh raged uround Braidwood last Friday, the lightning struck an immense gum troo in ono of tho pad docks of Mr. Maddroll, near the Little River road, and shattered it to within a couple of feet of tho butt. A large limb was carried for more than sixty yards, and Btruok a bullock, breaking its thigh. For yards around tbe ground wbb coveroa witu tho debris of broken timber, splintorod into all manner of shapes and sizes. In tbo postal mommorandura submitted to tho Intercolonial Conforenoe by Mr. Berry, it is stated that the loss to Victoria under the pre sent mail centraot is £24,000 per annum. The loss under the old contract was £13,500 per annum. The difference is duo to the sister colonies continuing to charge Sd. on letters forwarded by tho Brindiei or P. and O. route, while letters per tho Orient steamorB go via Southampton for Gd. Victoria charges 6d. for the Brindisi service, and is anxious that tho other oolonios should make the reduotion. An inquest was held at Bathurst on Thursday last, on the body of James Glynn, a publican, who had refused to go to bod when the houso was shut up, saying " he would go to his long hod; ' ho thon swallowed something in a tumbler, whioh proved to be strychnine. Medi cal aid was called in, and used all available romodios, but without success. Deceased was sober nt tho time, and no motive oonid be oasigned for tho act. A verdict was returned that deceased died from tho effects or poison ad ministered by his own hand. During the thundoratom last week a flash of lightning, which was followed by an almost deafening thunderclap, struck the roof of the maohino- room at the Bubbo Bisnatch offioe. »nH ripped off and amashod up about five yards of shingling. The lightning darted into the engine- room, and two lads who wore engaged at tbe time tending the fire, &c.;, were knocked over as cleanly as if they wore shot. Luckily, they sus tained no injury beyond tho shock. The electrio fluid continued its courso through the engine- room door, whioh was open at tho time, into . an adjoining room, and there made its exit through the window. The plaoe for ten minnteB nfterwardB smelt strongly of sulphur, though, perhaps, seeing there are so many "devils" about a printing office, oar readers will not j think this anything unusual. IIolloway's Ointment and Pills,— Sura Relief. I —The weak and enervated Buffer severely from j nervous offectionB whon stormB or electrio dis turbances agitate tho atmosphere. Neuralgia, gouty pangs, and flying pains, very distressing to n deltoato system, may be readily removed by rubbing this oiDtmenfc upon tho affcoted part after it has been fomented with warm water. The pills, token occasionally in tho doses pre- scribed by the instructions, keep the digestion in order, excite a free flow of healthy bile, and regenerate the impoverished blood with rioher materials resulting from thoroughly assimilated food - wanting which, tbe strongest mast inevit- ably soon sink into feebleness, and the delicate nnd it difficult to maintain existence. Hollo- way's ointment and pills are infallible remedies, FLoniHjfE :-Fon the Teeth and 11heatic-A few drops' of the liquid Horiline sprinkled on a wet toothbrush pro- I'lcasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses tha teeth from nil parasites or impurities, hardens thegums, prevents tartar S1 u'VJr0? .' 8 '"."'e teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. "The fragrant Horiline, being composed in part of honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, and tbo greatest toilet discovery of the age. I rice -s. 0d., of all Chemists and Perfumers. Pre pared by Henry C. Gallup, 493, Oxford-street, London !rrTHMToAtliFEfirI0N;'i an1d,iioamenes3.-A! suffering from irritation of the throat and hoarseness will be agreeably snr- pnscd at the almost immediate relief afforded by the use of Brown s llroncliial Troches." These famous " lozenges " are now sold by mosfc respectable chemists in this country at Is. l id. l)c.r, .?' J ePjo troubled witli a " hacking cough," a " slight coil!, or bronchial affections, cannot try them too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result in serious pul monale and asthmatic affections. See that tho words " Brown's Bronchial 1 roches ore on the Government stamp around each box.— Manufactured by John I. Brown and Sons, Boston, United btates. Depot, 493, Oxford-street, London Vai.iaele Discovery for toe Hair. —If your hair is turning grey or white, or falling off, use "The Mexican Hair ?n£e,tnr'»f0n restore in every case grey or white n , . colour, without leaving the disagreeable tUni mojt ltestorers." It makes the luir charmingly beau- »w'„ « . as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots eveh«raULs0Sd0rabottIela by Chm',t3 and advice to Mothers ! — Are you broken in vour re9t hv a Rfrk with,th?PaIn, cutUng teeth? Goat once to tt u-nTw.ii. ?i a "le l ' Mrs. WInslow's Soothing Syrup." w ill relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It Is perfectly ar."V 'a,:<!i Ti1! . tas'e.- " produces natural, quiet sleep !/ '""i - 1 the.ch,i''1 from pain, and the little cherub awake, ..." " as a button It soothes the child, it softens the j...!!ii. i.iaj, all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels and is nrN ii - V rnn nT i m !T.e " f.?r Eatery and diarrhoea, whether arish.g from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow"s Soothing syrup is sold by medicine dealers everywhere at Is ltd per bottle. Manufactured at 403, Oxford-street? London 1 