From Wilcannia to the Mount Browne Diggings. BY THE RAVEN. (SEE ILLUSTRATIONS.) I HAD already half-filled my pockets with nug- gets, and was just on the point of stooping to pick up another far exceeding any of the previous ones in size, when Ned Kelly (or his ghost) sud- denly came upon the scene, and demanded my gold or my life. As I refused the former, he drew a pistol for the purpose of taking the latter, held it to my head, and——. I awoke, for lo ! it was a dream, and I was seated on the box of Messrs. D.and M. Morrison's coach, in front of some small wayside pub., which proved to be the Dry Lake Hotel, some 20 miles from Wilcannia. Upon collecting my scattered senses, I recollected that we had started from Wilcannia that afternoon at 4 o'clock for the Albert goldfields, and concluded that as it was now quite dark, and cold enough to freeze an Esquimaux, it was advisable to seek the shelter afforded by this humble-looking hostelrie. Acting upon the thought, I jumped down and soon found my way to an apartment where a small fire was slowly but surely ebbing out life's day ; as I had no desire to be turned into frozen meat, I fed, coaxed, and fanned it, and was shortly rewarded by seeing it spring into renewed strength and vigour ; my blood once more began to flow ; I became warm. I had no sooner began to reap the benefit of my energy and persever- ance, when some one came in to say that supper was ready ; during the discussion of this meal it transpired that our host was exceeding sore, in consequence of some Adelaide pressman, who had passed that way a month or two previously, having made use in his letter of the expression "chain lightning" in connection with the grog which was sold upon this road. He assured me he was an honourable exception, and invited me to come and have a nip, which I had— of raspberry. It may seem narrow-minded on my part, but since having been served out of the "wrong bottle," by mistake, I make a practice of never tasting grog at a wayside house, although it is only right for me to add that I know scores of wayside publicans who would rather lose their means of livelihood than resort to the disgraceful practice alluded to. There is no doubt that Mr. Smith, the proprietor of this house, deserves great credit for his enterprise and pluck. When he first settled here the place for miles round was altogether without a sign of water. He set to work and sunk a well, which, however, yielded salt water, but he was not to be defeated, as he utilised this by condensing, in the meantime being busily occupied in the sinking of tanks, of which he has now three or four. This I consider so much in the pockets of the Government, who would most assuredly have been compelled to provide some kind of water supply here. Fifteen miles more and we came to Beefwood, where the Govern- ment tank is in course of erection, and nine miles further to Sanders's Hotel, where we arrived at midnight. This house, at which we remained the night, I should pronounce, without exception, the best on the road. Mr. Sanders has had a well 280ft deep sunk, which supplies very excellent water. Directly at the back of the house is the Mena Murtie racecourse, on which some very creditable struggles take place annually. Leaving here at 8 30 the next morning, we pass Mena Murtie station, the property of Mr. Harvey Paterson, and five miles further on the road Messrs. Quinn and Currie's Tarella station, situated on Bunker Creek, which supplies a great number of dams with a very fine quality of water. Twenty-two miles further and we drive up in front of Paterson's Hotel, where we stop for dinner and put in a fresh team of horses. This house is remarkable as being the first on the road to adopt the shilling a nobbler system, which is invariably a true sign that one has really got "out back." We resume our journey, and, after travel- ling over 16 miles of very good road, we come to Millard's hotel, where our digestive organs are once more called into requisition to absorb tea. Starting with another team, and the roads like the horses being in splendid condition, we are not long in doing the next 17 miles, which bring us to Morden. Adjoining this nice little station, the property of Messrs. Gayer and Hamilton, is a large dam full of water. Ten miles more and our journey for the day is ended, as we arrive at Maxwell's, which is to be our camping place, at about 1.30 a.m. After a good deal of knocking and shouting the door is opened and we are admitted, 10 minutes after which I, for one, am sunk in that slumber which can only be enjoyed by the possessor of a pure mind and an easy conscience. In the morning, the weather being of that brac- ing description which incites to action, I set off to walk, and managed to get four or five miles before overtaken by the coach. During this walk I took the view of Maxwell's Hotel, with the ranges in the background, and also the sketch of the tank sinkers at work. These seemed very much pleased at the idea, and offered to sit (or rather stand) for me, with their picks over their shoul- ders ; when I told them it was unnecessary, they seemed somewhat disappointed, I thought. Twenty-eight miles from Maxwell's is Cobham Lake, a fine sheet of water, on the bank of which is situated a station belonging to Messrs. Paterson and Crombie. About here I noticed that there was a great increase of traffic of all kinds, which was, I suppose, accounted for by the fact of the South Australian main road to the diggings joining ours about this point. We had dinner at the publichouse here, which, to say the least of it, was rough. Not long ago, some poor fellow from the diggings managed to crawl in as far as here, to die. He swore he had a ton weight of gold, which statement was, I should think, the outcome of a delirious brain. The manner, however, in which he told the cook of the establishment not to spare any expense in procuring him what was needful, as he had this amount of gold, evidently had an effect upon the mind of that individual, and he tells me he be- lieves the poor old fellow's statement to be cor- rect. The next stage is the worst on the whole road, being a succession of heavy sand hills, which extend for about 10 miles, until we come to the "One- tree Flat," where both a public house and a tank are in course of construction ; here we, for the last time, renew our horseflesh, and having a good piece of road before us, we get over the ground in grand style, and arrive at Milparinka at 10 p.m., having made, I believe, the quickest trip between Wil- cannia and the diggings, a distance of 190 miles, that had, till then, been achieved. Credit to whom credit is due, and I must say there is a great deal due to Messrs. Morrison Brothers for the class of horses they keep on the road, and the way in which they manage their line generally. Both herbage and natural water are at present plentiful the whole length of the road, and in addition to the tanks which I have men- tioned, there are several decided upon which have not yet been commenced. As is always the case, we met several men coming away from the diggings. Some of them had spent all their money, and were on the look- out for a job at shearing, in order to raise a cheque, after which it was their intention to return and try their luck again. Others were coming away thoroughly disgusted, having been working for weeks and not "made tucker." One of these told me they might well call these fields a "poor man's diggings," as they would most certainly keep him poor. Every gate, too, on the road acted as a mouthpiece for the poetic complainings of some of the dis- appointed ones. "Milparinka, fare thee well !" &c.;, &c.; ; the first line of the stanza is the only one fit to appear in print, so I will forbear. There was some little excitement caused by the rumour that a madman was somewhere on the road, with a loaded shotgun. The affair proved an absurd exaggeration. It seems a stranger went to the men's hut on a station, and upon being "chaffed" by them, he knocked two or three of them down. The police were sent for to Milparinka, and, as no one would give the man in charge, the policeman refused to arrest him, stating that if he took the man down to Wilcannia as mad he would be con- sidered so himself. It is needless to say the fellow was perfectly sane. Before concluding there is one thing I should call attention to, and that is, the great extent to which illicit grog-selling is carried on on this road, where there are, I might say, more shanties than licensed places. I, of course, only mention this, as I consider it an injustice to the legitimate publicans, whose business is utterly ruined by these sly grog-shops, it being a well-known fact that the generality of "topers" prefer a place of this kind to a more respectably conducted house, for the simple reason that they nave more freedom and can "boss it round" to their hearts' content. The publicans, without exception, are very sore on this subject. 