THEATRICAL GOSSIP. £ Geo. Wsrde baa been playing Julian Gray and Claude Melnotte at Glasgow. George Big cold is atillon toor with Henry V. Mr, Edwin Booth continues his successful impersonation of King Lear at the Princess's. Miss Jennie Lee, as Little Jo the crossitg sweeper, is drawing capital bouses at the Olympic. "The Nine Days Queen," and " Only a Vagabond" are very well played at the Oonnaught to very fair audiences. "Masks and Faces" continues to draw good houses to the Haymarket. Mrs. ' Bancroft's Peg Woffiugton is a charming per formance. " All for Gold" continues to draw large audiences to the Surrey, where Mr. A. Dampier is much applauded in the part of Dagobert Baudin. The little girls Lily and Bobo act with much intelligence, and are great faveurites with the audience. The success of the Children's " Pinafore" has no doubt led to the introduction of the Children's "Cloches de Oorneville," and on three afternoons in the week, M. PlaDquette's pretty opera is to be played at the Gaiety, all the parts sustained by boys and girls. Signor Salvini will appear this season at Drnry Lane Theatre, London, for a limited number of performances. This time he will not be accompanied by Italian artists, but will have hia support from English performers, who will speak the test in their own language; while Signor Salvini will go through his several parts, giving his portion of the dialogue in his native tongue. This polyplot rendering is the plan at present adopted by the great tragedian in America. Mr. Hermann Vezin has been playing Hamlet at Sadlers' Wells. His rendering says a London paper, may at once be pronounced scholarly and effective, though it is not brilliant. He takes his cue from the line " Though this be madness, yet there's method in it," and from the time the Ghost instils into his ear that he is his father's spirit— Doom'd for a certain term to walk the night; And, for the day, confin'd to fast in fires. Till the foul crimes, done in my days of nature, Are burnt and purg'd away— it is seen that his brain is not affected by mad ness in any way, but that it is engaged in working out a plan of revenge for the foul murder of the King. The performance, in fact, is ihBt of a cunning and crafty young Prince, who feels that his Uncle Claudius is a disgrace to the throne of Denmark, and that the sooner he is dispatched by the aid of his sword the better it will be for hia country, his Court, and all around him. With this end and aim in view, it may readily be imagined that we have a very forcible rendering of the text, and many of the passages were given with a power whioh Mr. Herman Vezin has seldom shown even in more exciting dramas. It must be understood, however, that the emotional parts were rendered in a singularly quiet and effective stjle, while in the soliloquies Mr. Vezin snrpaseed himself. Altogether the reading is a striking and original one, Madame Sarah Bernhardt ihas fascinated the CincinnatianB. They liken her voice to " strain of soul-touching melody," and declare that she possesses " two haunting eyes that have enslaved men from the beginning of time." It is difficult to conceive how a population so profouncly susceptible can torn without a struggle fiom such a vision of loveliness, from snch a scone of aesthetic inspiration, to the cold, greasy realities of pork packing. The total receipts for the 100 performances given in the United States by "the divine Sara" reached 326,000 dole., Mdlle. Bernhardt's personal share being 136,400 dols, all her expenses being paid in addition. This dramatic tour exceeds in financial results all that have hitherto been made in America. Mr. Willis's new piece " Joanna," to be pro duced at the Court Theatre shortly, is even sadder thsn rnmonr had suggested. Its heroine, who, in the second act kills her faithless hus band in a fit of mad jealousy, remains out of her mind until nearly the close of act the fourth and last. Thus a considerable portion of Juanna resolves itself, it is said, into a study of madness, its approach, its characteristic symptoms, and its departure shortly before death. The period of the play is the year 1496, and the action takes place in the.south of Spain. The success which has attended the reproduc tion of " Heartsease" at the Court Theatre (says a London paper) shows that the public have not yet lost tneir interest in Madame Modjeska's natural Bnd refined rendering of Oonstanoe. It is a character of singularly-blended emotions and passions. Constance is an actress of some note, and all the fashionable world iB at her feet, but while she is feted, petted, and admired it is easy to see that she yearns for a disinterested and honest love, and that she fears, even though her ideal of happiness should come within her grasp, that something—not to be reasoned out or defined—will happen to deprive her of it. Thus tone and temper of her feelings undergo many changes, and when at length she reeolvee to eon fide in the love of Armand she does so with many misgivings of a happy issue. Armand's jealous temper serves only to bring out in a stronger light the faithful character of his betrothed, and when at length she sacrifices him to the Btera suggestions of hie father, who has a great horror of a metsalliance, we see that ehe withers, as the heartsease withers, and that her heart is broken. Madame Modjeeka interprets all these varied passions with rare power, delicacy, and discrimination. The part of Armand Duval is now played by Mr. Forbes Bobertoon, whose art-skill in the delineation of this difficult character is of great advantage to the accomplished actress who impersonates the heroine. A new Bketch by Mr. Oorney Grain and a new vaudeville by Mr. Arthur Law have just been produced at St. George's Hall, on whioh figure the modern representatives of Mr. and Mrs. German Beed. Mr. Grain tells in his sketch the history of "Our Institute," one of those lectnre halls which were opened by the late Lord Brougham for the study of the 'ologies and became the chosen home of Miss F. Horton, or Mr. and Mrs. German Beed, on tour a in the pro vinces. Mr. Grain rattles off his humorous description of the cookery classes, with songs between the dishes; the lecture on food, which ruined at a blow the current bun interest; the lectnre on the new minerial water, Sopesud heimer; the conjurer; the candidate for Parlia ment, who narrated his visit to the First Cataract under the auspices of Mr. Oook. And when Mr. Grain's vivaoious mixture of music aud rapid talk ia ended amid applause, the second piece, "All at Sea," begins—for the musical setting of whioh be is also responsible. This is a little drama founded on one of the "Bketches by Box." It tells how Samuel Smallsole trembled in his shoes before Lieut, Snorter of HM. gunboat Sneezer, and how a lord was untrue to bis true love, whom a humble Justice of the Peace consoled neverthe less with disinterested affection. Mr. Alfred Beed plays Smallsole, a strange human jellyfish, who shakes and shivers very drolly. Miss Leonora Pikestaff is the betrayed damsel, an ancient but still fascinating lady; Mr. Alfred Bishop is the Justice; and Miss Edith Brandon represents his daughter. Mr. Oorney Grain is the redoutable naval officer. The faithless peer never cornea on the stage, bnt manifests himself only by letters, photographs, and telegrams. Light and swift dialogue, and lighter song carry the piece through very agreeably and fill the house with laughter that has no hum in it. 