THE LITTLE FOLKS. WALLACE OF UHLBN. TBr B. Vikten Blake.] Brave eld Wallace of Uhlen dwells Oh a castled brag of the DraohenfeU. White of hair and of beard is he, Yetholdeth hii own right manfully. Oft and oft when his limbs were young, Out from its soabbard his .good sword sprang; In castle hall, or in cot of thatch, With Wallace of Uhlen none migh t match. ; The.brave old baron one day had heard ;The;peasants round by a legend stirred, Of a ghostly lady, that watched fill light . In Keidenloeh Ghapel every night. So to his seneschal qaoth he: " Go watch, and tell me if such things be." " My lord, I'd fain take many a knock Than watch in the Ohapel of Keidenloeh; . I'll stand the brunt of many a fight But ghosts are another matter, quite." . Then up old Wallace of Uhlen stood,. And stoutly vow'd by the holy rood, And all things holy, all things bright. He'd watoh in the chapel that very night. With only a sword, from his castled rook Down he strode unto Keidenloeh; And with the twilight, dusk and brown, ■ Deep in the ohapel he sat him down. Wallace of.Uhlen watohed awhile The pale moonbeams in the middle aisle. The glimmer of marble here and there, The oriel painting, the dusky air. Over his feet a something drew; " Eats !" quoth the baron, with sudden "shoo!" Then from the stair-way's darkness bleak Sounded a most suspicious creak. Out from the stair-way's darkness eame A creak tbatshould put a ghost to shams! "Spirits, I fancied, were airy matter; Hush!" spake the baron," now have at her!" Lo! the cbancel was all aflame, And past the altar the lady came. Sank the flame with many a flicker, Till ever tbe darkness seemed the thioker. Nearer and nearer stole the maid— A ghastly phantom—a fearful shade! His blade old Wallace uplifted high; " Now, whioh is stronger, thou or I ?" But lo! affrighted, the lady dread Baok through the chapel turned and fled; And basting after with many a blow, Old Wallace of Uhlen laid her low. He drew her into amoonlitplaae. And gazed undaunted upon the face— Gazed on the face so pale and dread, And saw no maid, but a robber dead— The scourge of many a fertile plain, By Wallace of Uhlen lying slain. So up to his oastle striding back, He pledged the ghost in a oup of sack, And roared with laughter when from his rook He looked to the Ohapel of Keidenloeh. 