TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 1S81. It is very generally understood that the Ministry has determined to set its face like a flint against any concessions to the views of its opponents on the subject of reform. Ministers do not look upon tho coming conference be- tween the two Houses with anything like favour. They would prefer to let the Legislative Council amend the bill in the ordinary way. If it were ac- cepted with immaterial modifications, they could call on the country to admire their great skill in having settled a question which had baffled so many of their predecessors, and Mr. Berry could take the agent-generalship with a quiet conscience. On the other hand, if tho changes made were important, they could throw up their measure, attempt to rouse the country on a cry of " obstruction," and make themselves safe for another year of office by denouncing all radicals who might propose to take the] matter out of their hands as enemies to the popular cause. We need hardly say that the latter alterna- tive would best suit their purpose. But luckily for the country Mr. Beery is no longer the absoluta dictator he once was. As regards all critical proceedings ho is compelled to study the feelings and wishes of that portion of his follow- ing which thinks that he has already en- joyed the emoluments of office rather too long. In view of the determined atti- tude of this section of " the party," Mr. Beery has consented to do violence to his own feelings, and to enter into a negotiation if he is called on to do so. Much against his will, then, a conference will be held. But an old saying tells us that al- though you may lead a horse.to water, you cannot make him drink ; and the gentlemen who have interfered with Sir. Berry's plans for provoking a profit- able quarrel stand a very good chance of proving the truth of the aphorism. The Premier has agreed to go into conference in obedience to tlieir behests, but is ho prepared to take with him that spirit of moderation and disposition for com- promise without which any conference must result in something worse than failure? We say "something worse " than failure," because, as a rule, abortivo attempts at conciliation or a common understanding only embitter feeling and render joint action more difficult than before. Rumour says most emphati- cally that the Premier will yield nothing except under coercion-compulsion from behind. He cannot avoid negotiation, but his attitude will be such as to ren- der it fruitless. The hon. gentleman's present intention is to enact a farce similar to that he played towards the end of 1878. The object of that per- formance, as our readers may remember, was that he might pose as the personi. fication of forbearance and self-control, while carefully avoiding everything cal- culated to bring about an inconvenient peace. Mr. Berry deliberately arranged that the conference held at that time should fail, by making at the outset certain demands on behalf of the As- sembly which ho woll knew were in- admissible. In reporting the pro s ceedings lo the Lower House ho said that ' After three das a deliberation it had been found lnipoeBiblo to arrive at oven a common baaia on winch the negotiations mi_ht after warda have proceeded At the eui of the drat day the difficulties appeared bo completo and chronic that hoamvid ut the conclusion that farther meeting ivas useless The Aa aembly représentative« had submitted aa their only basia the two principlea that unJer no circumstanced should the annual Appro priation Bill be rejected by the Council, and that finality of lq,ialution should be pro vided for If thoae proposals were accepted a largo latitude of dev i ition from the original bill might be conceded That is to say, if tho Upper House would have accepted the pklnvit and its own practical ainuluUtnii, Mr Berry would have graciously allowed it to complete the work of sdf destruction in any way most agreeable to ita feel wgs Although the issues to bo sub mitted to the coming conference do not piesent tho violent contrasts which characterised those brought before tho meetiiigjust alluded to, the sime method of treatment is to be followed If the Council will accept the ritepayers' roll, single electorates, abolition of pioperty qualification, and 1 eduction of the term of oflice, its members may possibly be allowed a little grace before discharge, instead of heing sent tbout their bust ness some two years hence Kow it is quite evident that if tho Premier goes into confeience in the spirit we have indicated, the whole affair will be a complete farce Utiles concessions come from both sides, no piogress can bo made towards an undeistandnig Whatever may be said from the " stump " concern ing the members of the Legislative Council, it is woll known that they aie for the most part shrewd business men, who have the courage of their opinions They hav e frequently shown that they aie not to bo frightened out of any courso they may consider right by îadical bounce or popular clamour It they should find that they had been 111 suited by an invitation to " confer ' when it was only designed to give thom an opportunity of making submission, or, at best, of conceding important pnnci pies m return foi the pm llego of var} ing non essential details, is it not certain that they would decline to proceed, and so leave refoiin an open question to still further plague and ve*, us? Those who do not desire to see a fine oppoitumty thiown away should take steps now to obviate the possibility of such a fiasco One tuin of the screw has compelled the Chief Secietary to entci upon the form of negotiating, another revolution would soften his non compromising heart, disposing him towards peace and amitj If let alone ho will follow his own devices, but never was aman 111 a moro " squeezable ' condition than is the leader of the great radical party at the present moment If ho is allowed to think that a sufficient number of his followers will bo content with the mero outward semblance of a conference ho will certainly not go out of his way to make it a reality If, on the other hand, care be taken to convince him that his interests will bo best seived by a settlement, his stern determination not to yield one jot or tittie will speedily vanish into thin air Those who wish to get reform out of the road should ask the Premier to deal honestly with them- either to meet tho Upper Chamber straightforwardly and w ith an earnest desire to come to some understanding, or else to say plainly that ho does not desire a compromise, and therefore refuses to tako part in a burlesque They would then know how to act Even assuming that a large majority m the country is in favour of the rate pajers' roll as an electoral basis for thr> Upper House, it by no means follows that it should grasp at tho immediate realisation of its wishe3 at the cost of that peace and quiet ness which is so urgently needed by tho community The English fashion has always been to pro ceed step by step Tor decades past there have always been advanced liberals, or radicals, or democrats, or whatever they like to call themselves, in Great Britain, who have thought that the county and borough franchise should be equalised or that universal suffrage should prevail, but they have never refused reforms which go a little way upon the road they wished to travel because the changes would not carry them at once to the goal they desired to reach Our radical reformers would do well to imitate their patience and mode ration Substantial concessions are n >w within their reach, and they will bo foolish indeed if they do not com pel then leaders to grasp them on behalf of the party If hereafteL it should bo found advisable to " crown "the edifice" in a democratic sense, the task would be greatly facilitated if a start were made from the point of van tage which may now be attained On the first day of sitting list week, the Legislativo Council lead the Western Port Coal mining Com pany's Bill a second time, being apparently influenced by Mr Lori mer's remark that any objectionable matter could bo rejected or amended at a later stage We cannot help think ing that such a course of procedure was and must always be a mistake Tho measure was eithei objectionable alto gethei or not at all, and it was surely inadvisable to affirm the principio of a bill which could only bo amended by the obliteration of all its clauses, together with tho preamble and schedules In reading the short debate which took place on the occasion, as also that which subso quently attended its passage through committee, we aro struck by the want of knowledge displayed by some hon mern bers respecting the whole affair 'A great deal was said about tho propriety of giving every assistance to a com pany whose object is to developo the coal resources of the colony Now, as suming that coal measuie3 of commercial value exist at Western Port-which is a very largo assumption in the face of íeports furnished by such men as Mr. Selwyis, Mi John Macredie, and others of almost equal Btandmg-what has the company which is now asking the favojraWe consideration of Tarha ment done to render them available 1 Some 10 years ago it obtained an act authorising the construction of a tram way to the Kilcunda mine, the condi tions being, that if the company should not complete the tramway and open the 1 samo for traffic within 21 months, or if at any time after completion the tram ?way should remain unused for traffic for the space of 21 months, then the com panys powers and privileges should lapse, and the tram track should revest in the original owners of the land From tho very outset, the company failed to carry out its enterprise with that vigoui which would have characterised tho proceedings of men who believed m the profitable nature of the work they had undertaken Before they could rommenco operations, they had to apply to tho Legislature foi tin extension of the time allowed foi construction Accordingly an amending act was parsed fiving the date for com pletion on the 2¿rd November, 1874 But even then the shareholders displayed no confidence in tho reality of the mineral resources they had undertaken to dove lope Less than a year after completion the tramway, designed to accommodate a large and permanent traffic, was thu3 described by a Government officer (20th July, 1875) - " The tramway has been principally con- structed with sawn hardwood rails, 4in. by 3in. which have worn very badly. . . . At present with Die imperfect drainage of the line the narrowness and settlement of tho banks, the fallings m of the slnopers and the cuttings the insufficient and improper ballasting of the line and the worn state of tho rails it would be highly dangerous if not impossible to carry on tho traffic as tho trucks could not be kept on the rails Tho Government having offered a re ward of £5,000 for the first 5,000 tons of Victorian coal landed in Melbourne, the company hastened to get that quan tity over its dilapidated road before that valuable wreck could break up entirely But so little faith had the shareholders in their prospects, that they did not care to find funds to keep up an appear ance of working until the state bonus had been bafely banked Tor many years past, as the evidence taken before the select committee of the Assembly clearly shows, nothing hasbeen done at the mine or with the tramway in the nature of genuino trade A few job lots of coal, which wero lying about the pits mouth, have boen brought down at long intervals, and so tho committee has reported that transport took place with sufficient frequency to avoid forfeiturf" We submit, however, that it is trifling with language to hold that the sort oi traffic described m the evidence taken was a substantial com pliance with the terms of the act But even if the farcical proceedings of some five or six j ears may be technically con sidered to have kept tho companys title alive, they certainly give no valid claim to indulgence To come forward at this late period of the day, when the whole pioperty,n_,ht, titlo,andinterest, are flying inch by inch of atrophy, inanition, and effliiMon of time, to ask for further concessions on account of efforts made " to dovelope tne coal resources of the " colon), is downright imposition Gentlemen who undertake to urgo such a plea on the attention of the Legisla live Council are simply affronting the intelligence of their colleagues It is all veiy well for Mr Tw/gervld to urge that the new company should be ac corded the same privileges as the old association received, and for Mr Cuni bluï to say that the shareholders aro wealthy men, wno can put down their thousands if they please The new company is composed of men who held shares in the old company (seo evidence, questions 188 to 191), and the question is not what they can do in the way of pro viding funds, but what they will do If they are so anxious to go to work now, wh) have they allowed years to elapse without doing anything ? Let us come next to the history of the bill at present before Pailiament In January, lbSO, the company proposed to supply the Railway department with 60,000 tons of coal from the Kilcunda mine at the rate of 20s 3d per ton, provided the Government would pur chase its rights m the tramway for £7,500, and fix the rate of car riage at _d per ton per mile As tho Ministry did not jump at the offer, the company evidently thought it desirable to place itself in a position where it could await the course of events with out being under the disagreeable necessity of taking colourable proceed uigs at intervals to keep its rights ahvo Accordingly, a bill was mtro duced during the present session to repeal all provisoes in the company's foi mer acts so as to give fmty of tenure, îriespective of conditions with regard to work Other clauses were added authorising the issuo of de bentuies 'We can only imagino that tho latter sections were inserted m order that Parliament might bo induced to re create the property by an exercise of arbitrary power, under the impression that bona fde work was at length to be begun We assume this on the strength of Mr Joux H vrdy s evi dence No business man can read that gentlemans testimony with care, and then beliov e that the promoters of the present bill had or have any settled in tentioi of working the undertaking on a regular commercial basis \\\ hat, then, it may bo asked, is the object which tho company has in view ? Wo have shown this a dozen times, and now we do so once more It desires to get a good holding title, so that eventually it may sell an interest which at present can hardly be said to exist to the state AYhere is the evidence of this ? Why, m all the company's proceedings It has made repeated efforts to recoup itself from the public e\chequor by getting the Government to take over the wreck which it calls a tramway for valuable consideration, the last attempt that we know of being that to which we have just îeferred It has not been sue cessful as yet, but who can say how soon perseverance and political influence rray cany the dayl Mr Reid says ' «at no member of the Government holds any shares in the company, " to " his knowledge " But then his know ledge is not worth much, for the evi dence of Mr Hardy shows (Q 194) that Majoi Smith is interested, as also Mr Lalor (q 188) The latter certamly is not m the Cabinet, but he is an ox Minister, and a gentleman who has always had considerable weight with tho « great Liberal party " A purchase by the state would not only transfer the capital loss from the shareholders to the public, but, according to the re /»ii* Ti«-0f a Gov6rnment engineer (Mr Maiitin), would entail an annual Ä?ftttp ;M,U00 for deficiency m working ex penses alone, without allowing anything for interest on the cost of repairing, or ii rather of reconstructing, the Hue. By. refusing to pass the bill the Legislativo, Council, without doing any injustice! either to the company or tho public-j for wo have shown that the company has no claim to indulgence, and that if con- sumers wait for Victorian coal until this] association developes theKilcunda seams, i it is likely to wait till doomsday-' may render such a job absolutely im-! possible. Is it justified in throwing away the opportunity of protecting the taxpayers 1 Wo say most emphatically no. It cannot shako off its responsi- bility in tho matter. It possesses power now, but if the bill passes, it will bo helpless to prevent vvrongdoiug. Mala Jules is writ large across the company's proceedings past and present, and for the Legislature to go out of its way to enable the shareholders to carry out their designs upon the public purse would be a signal abuse of the powers it holds from the people. It is true that the select committee does not propose to give all that was asked for-that it has substi- tuted three years' relief from terms for the unconditional tenure desired; but still, three years affords ample time to work the little game which is evidently in contemplation. We have exhausted our patience in urging upon the City Council the neces- sity of talcing steps for the removal of the vile nuisances which aro at once a clanger to the inhabitants and a dis- grace to Melbourne. Our last appeal was made only a week or two ago, but it was allowed, like the rest, to pass unnoticed. Tho council, however, will now be driven either to take action or to offer some defence for its prolonged apathy. At the meeting of the council on Tuesday last, there was read by the town clerk a communication from tho Central Board of Health, enclosing a memorandum from His Excellency the Governor to the Chief Secretary, bringing under the notice of tho Govern- ment the fact that Government-house is almost uninhabitable, owing to the stenches which assail it from all quarters. His Excellency says : " The nuisance ia one which has certainly increased during the last year, and unless some Btepa are taken to abate the evil, it will Boon become impossible to inhabit Govern ment-houae. The smell ia no doubt worse of an evening, and when the wind ia in the east or south-east ; but it is not exclusively con- fined to those quarters, and it ia constantly impossible to open any of tho windows, in consequence of tho disgusting smell which cornea in." As the Yarra flows near Government house-the northern and eastern windows opening upon tho river-His Excel- lency not unnaturally attributes the nuisance to that polluted stream. As a correspondent has pointed out, however, the cause of offenco is not the Yarra, which, filthy as it is, yet does notgive out any very strong odour. The disgusting smell which the occupants of Govern- ment-house experience when the wind is in the east or south-east proceeds from a fellmongery near the railway bridge above Cremorne, which has been for years a source of annoyance to those persons who have the misfortune to reside in the neighbourhood. But evil smells, His Excellency points out, aro not confined to one quarter, and it is frequently " impossible to open any " of the windows " in Government house. That this is the usual condition of things we can quite realise. The fell- mongery to the eastward accounts for the sickening odour which comes from that direction, while the deposits of filth between the Yarra and the railway embankment, and in the neighbourhood of Prince's-bridge, are the causes of tho stench which pervades Government house and grounds when the wind is from the north or the west. We have year after year protested against the formation, prac- tically in the midst of the city, of the manure-heap known as " the corporation " tip ; " we have published letters from indignant ratepayers in Flindera-street and Collins-streetEast, whose houses have been polluted by the filthy smell brought across from the mass of decaying animal and vegetable matter in question, and these complaints have been backed up by the remonstrances of passengers by road and rail, who have suffered severe but temporary annoyance from tbo samo cause. Complaints, remon- strances, and protests, however, have been alike unheeded, and now we find the Governor of the colony obliged to bring officially under the notice of the Government the fact that he is on tho point of being driven from his residence by stenches which would not be allowed to exist within miles of any decently kept city. Lord Normanby is not concerned merely for his own health and comfort. His memorandum concludes as fol- lows : " The Governor, in bringing under the notice of the Government the inconvenience which ho himself experiences from this causo, would at the same time remind them that tho same inconvenience must be ex- perienced by thousands of the inhabitants of Melbourne, and that it cannot fail to have a moBt injurious effect upon the health of tho city. IIo trusts that no time may be lost in instituting a proper inquiry into tho origin of the nuisance, and taking such steps as may be necessary for ita removal." We aro suro that His Excellency will receive the hearty thanks of the citizens for thus bringing forward, in a manner which must compel attention, the grave dangers to the public health which exist in and about Melbourne, Tho Governor, however, is not so intimately acquainted with the facts of the case as other sufferers are, or he would probably have omitted his request for an inquiry, and suggested instead the immediato removal of tho nuisance. Tho causes of complaint we have fre- quently pointed out, and thoy are well known, not only to the citizens but also to the City Council, which, as the local board of health for Melbourne, is responsible for a great deal of the nuisance. We have no hesitation in sayiDg that if the " corporation tip " were done away with, the deposit of foul matter at Prince's-bridge removed or covered up, and the fell- mongery on the Yarra bank near Cre- morne closed, the grievous nuisance of which His Excellency complains would almost cease to exist. The manure heap near the Yarra might be got rid of or rendered inoffensive by a covering of fresh earth, without further trouble or delay, if the City Council would only discharge its duty towards the citizens, whose health is impaired and whose comfort is destroyed by the obstinacy and neglect of those who havo the inte- rests of tho city in their keeping ; and j a similar course might bo taken with re gard to the accumulation of refuse at Prince's bridge This spot vi under the control of the Emerald hill Council, whose sense of what is right and just should induce it to remove at once the eyesore and nuisance which it has planted at the gates of the city All anxiety concerning tho overdue Call forman mail steamer City of New York has been set at rest by the announcement received by cable of her aafo arrival at San Tranciaco Ino steamer, which left Sidney on 21th Tcbruary, should have reached her deatina tion on 21th March , but from aome un explained cauae the passage has occupied about ten dajB longer than usual The 1 rcnch have lately made aeveral determined attempta to colomae Weatern Africa To words tho cloae of last year an expedition set out, the main object of which was described as an effort to carry out a pacific conquest of the interior of Africa, but which was in reality organised to forward the scheme for a railway across the Sahara to Timbuetoo The party, which was a largo one, has met with a serious disaster, about CO of the number having been poisoned by hostile natives The expedition, which consisted of a num ber of troops with military artificers a staff of topographers and medica men, was carefully equipped Anothe Trench expedition conducted by Captain Galhene which started up the Niger earl m April last j ear, met with great re versea at the hands of the Wes African nativea, and Captain Galhene loa several of bia party, principally Senega men, who were killed by the native tribes on the route to Sego, the capital o the kingdom of Bambaira A not haa taken place at Clogher, in Tyrone The mob refusing to diaperae waa fired upon, and two of the notera were killed and aeveral wounded Greece baa rejected the latest conceaaion made by Turkey, and it now remains to be seen what the next move will be in retard to the settlement of the Greek claims Owing to a mutilation m our London tele gram publiBhedjeaterdaythoword ' baroniea waa converted into ' baroneta, and separated from the sentence to which it belonged The meeBogeahouldhaveread -' TwelvebaronieB in the county of Cork have been proclaimed Ireland ia du ided into baroniea, and in Cork there are 23, bo that nearly one half of the county baa been proclaimed aB ' diaturbed The fortnights maila from England via Sue? arrived jeaterday by tho It MS S Hydaapes, which anchored m the bay at half past 7pm The maila were landed two daya in advance of contract time TheH>daape3 had a largo number of paaBengera over 20 of whom were from Adelaide Amongst thoae from Adelaide were Lady Jervois and the Miases Jervois, and Mr Snow, ADC The mails were comprised in 313 bags and pack ages, of which 138 were for Melbourne, 28 for Geelong and Western district, 39 for Sydney 35 for Tasmania, 62 for New Zealand, seven for Noumea, two for the naval squadron, and two for Queensland There ia a great falling off m the Queensland number on this occa sion consequent on that colony havingentered into a contract with the British India Steam ahip Company The maila for Sydney go overland, and thoae for Tasmania were taken on by the Mangana The New Zealand con tingent leaves to doy by the Ringarooma The misunderstanding between the Postal department and the Foat office in London, with regard to the departure of the mail steamers from Melbourne during the ensuing eix monthB, has not s et been arranged The day fixed upon by tho authorities at home ia Monday, instead of W ednesday aa at present and the time table of the Peninsular and Oriental Company sateamera has been planned accordingly Monday, for obvioua reaaona ia a moat mconv enient day, and the Victorian Post-office haB protcated againBt the arrange ment A telegram on the aubject waa de Bpatched to London about a fortnight ago but noreply baa yet been received, and it ia too lato now to alter the arrangements for the preaent fortnight Tho EMS Cathay will, there tore, leave Melbourne next Mondav, instead of Wednesday, the usual day Tho mail will close at 11 o clock am on Monday, but registered lettera must be posted before C o clock on Saturday evening Tho uaual weekly meeting of the Executiva Council did not take place yesterday, in con sequence of the lllnesB of Hia Excellency the Governor, who ia Buffering from low fever and ague His Excellency was very unwell during Sunday night, but we are glad to learn that last night he waa better Ho haa been attended during his lUneaa by Mr James A commiaaion will bo Bigned to day, by which I His Excellency will appoint the Chief Secre I tary to preside in his place at the Executive Council The Cabinet meeting summoned for yeaterday waa also poatponed Both Ilousea of Parliament meet to day In the Council the first order of the day ia tho second reading of the Reform Bul It ia ex pected that the representative of the Govern ment will be asked to poatpone this buai neee, and to allow a motion to be proposed without notice asking for a joint committee on reform If necesaary Buch a motion could be proposed as an amendment upon tho second reading, but hon members are desirous of not taking any step which may have tho appearance of Betting asido the measure In the Assembly the vote for the subsidy to tho municipal bodies is to bo called on. Tho work of collecting tho census papets, delivered Iaat week and filled in by the headB of families on Sunday night, waa commenced yeaterdaj, and ia proceeding aatiafactonly, judging from the information received by Mr Hayter, the Government statistician A few applications for census papera were received at Mr Hayter a office yesterday from perBona in Melbourne and the Buburba whose houses had been omitted by the sub enumerators, but they were mostly from reaidenta of rights of woy or retired placea The aub enumcratora would perhaps have learned when going round to collect their papera that those houses had been missed, but the notifi cation given in The At gus yeaterday that papera would be supplied to all peraona whoao reaidencea had been missed no doubt in duced the occupiers to write to the ata tiat's office for papers, and bo saved the time and trouble of tho aub enumerators, and tended to make tho census more accurate If there should still be any householders who have not received papers they may obtain them by applying either peraonally or by letter to tho Government Btatiat, Swanston street The sub enumera tora will not finiBh all their collections undo three or four days 'When they have con eluded them, the papera will be forwarded to 'ho central office in Melbourne, where efforts will be made to reckon up the returns ao that some of their leading features may be published by the lat May. The feud between Mr John Sergeant, the late temperance caterer at the Exhibition and Mr. James Munro, ono of the commis Bionera, which originated some four or five monthB ago in the Exhibition building, broke out again jeaterday afternoon in Collins street. It appears that at about 0 o clock Mr Munro crossed tho street from tho Coffee Palace, and had just reached the kerbstone in front of The Ai gua office, when Mr Ser géant went up behind him, and without any warning gave him a blow with his IJBt on the right eye that knocked him down in the gutter As he was rising, and asking in astonishment, "Who struck me? Mr Munro received a second blow from his assailant under the same eye, and was stunned for a minute or two Sergeant then decamped, running up the street Several persons witnessed the affair, and amongst them waa Mr Reynolda, a clerk m the Exhi. bition, who at once recognised the offender, and, hurrying Mr Munro into a cab, Btarted with him in pursuit They fol- lowed Sergeant up Colima street, along Russell street, and for aome distance up Little Collina street The fugitive then I darted down a right-of-way and 'Slipped through a pia shop into Bourko-atroer. Mr. Lalor, a mining speculator, continued the< pursuit on foot and ran the offender down in the billiard-room of Stutt's Hotel, where he ' had Bought refuge. A policeman waa then ; called, and Sergeant waa locked up on a charge of committing an unlawful as Bault. Mr. Munro'» eye ia cut above and below where the blows wero planted, and it ia discoloured and much swollen. Tho wounda, however, are fortu- nately not much more than abraaiona. Mr Munro waa able to address a meeting of tho electors of North Melbourne in the evening, where ho did not fail to make aa much capital as poaaiblo out of the affair. Ho endeavoured to give the asaault a political colouring, Baying that an attempt had been made to prevent him from being present by the use of physical force. He baaed thia theory on a remark made by Sergeant at the lock-up, to the effect that ho "could now go and oddreBB the electora." Sergeant had not obtained bail at a late hour laat night. He will bo brought before tho City Police Court this morning. Tho Minister of Railways is about to com- mence a thorough classification of the several branches of the Railway department. This ia a difficult undertaking, and will probably keep him busily engaged during tho approach- ing Parliamentary recesa. He haa aakfcd for returns of all the men employed in the de- partment, with particulara aa to their length of service, the meana by which they were appointed, and in what capacity they entered. The obj'ect of thia inquiry ia to ascertain tho exact duties performed by each man, and to ensure that subsequent promotions shall only be made according to seniority and general efficiency. Thedetails as to the employés in the traffic department areexpected to be ready this week. In this branch are included all the railway stations and station-masters. Tho importance of the stations are indicated by their returns, and although there is an exist- ing rough classification of the order of these stations, Mr. Patterson wishes to assure him Belf that the moBt efficient men are in charge of the principal stations. The guarda and portera will bo dealt with next, and after them the engine- drivers and the locomotive department, the administrative branch, and the enginecr-in-chief'a department. In the last-named office are the professional men, and the Minister will make special inquiries as to whether the moat efficient officers are occupying the most responsible poaitiona. Thia branch of the department ia now strained to the utmost in the anxiety to get the new lines of railway ready for letting 88 soon as po8Bible. Finally, Mr. Patterson will bring under the notice of the Cabinet the question aa to the advisability of retaining the large Government workshopa in their preaent condition, or of keeping them simply for repairs, and of throwing all new work open to public competition. The transfer of fresh appointments to Mr. Elsdon haa greatly relieved the work in the administrative department, and a new regulation to be introduced provides that all candidates for employment Bhall, in the future, undergo an examination both aa to their physical and educational qualifications, In making the searching inquiry which wo havo indicated, Mr. Patterson wishes the whole of the employés to underatand that they will enjoy a proper security in their positions, and that the most efficient men in the various branches will be placed in the h':gheBt positions. Tendera were opened yeaterday for the construction of the new line of railway to the Ballarat racecourse, a distance of two miles 10 chains. Nino tendera wero received, but that of Mr. JameB Malone, for £3,509 9s. lOd. was announced ae the loweBt. There waa but little difference, however, between the auma specified in the other tenders. The amount of Mr. Malone'a tender ia below Mr. Eladon'a estimate. The work has to be completed within two months from the date of the signing of the contract. The Commissioner of Trade and Cuatoma left Melbourne yeaterday morning by the Government ateamer Victoria for the purpose of inspecting tho works now being carried j on for the improvement of the navigation through the Heads into tho bay. In con- sequence of his absence nothing waa done in the case of Messrs. E. and F. Cass, of Little Collins-street east, who havo been fined suma of £1,173 and £1,220 for alleged amuggling of silkB and cashmere shawls from Sydney. The firm received notice that if the fines were not paid by 10 o'clock yesterday morning legal proceedings would bo instituted to enforce Mr. Clark's decision. The fines were not paid up to yesterday afternoon, and tho threatened proceedings will probably be taken by the Crown Law department to-day. On Saturday the Customs officials seized nine pianos which had been imported, it is Btated, at an under- value of from 30 to 40 per cent. The firm to whom the pianoa were consigned have been written to for an explanation. The Attorney-General and the secretary to tho Law department visited Hamilton last week to inquire into the matter of the issue of a publican's licence to a Mr. Stewart by Mr. Hamilton, P.M., against the expressed wish of a majority of the ratepayers. Mr. Vale has decided that the licence must be cancelled. Mr. Quinlan, the constitutional candidate for North Melbourne, held a very satisfactory meeting at the Parkville Hotel, Sydney-road, last evening. Mr. Bryan occupied the chair, and there was a very large attendance. Mr. Quinlan spoke at some length on the various political topics of the day, and at the con- clusion of his address a vote of confidence in him was carried. A notice has been published in the Govern- ment Gazette that the Supreme Court will hold Bittings in banco on and after the Gtb April till the 30th April, to diaposo of buai ncas pending and undecided in the court. We are informed of another successful ex- periment in tho conveyance of frozen meat. The experiment haa been tried by the P. and O. Company, and proved a complete aucceaa. Tho Kaiaer-i-Hind on her last trip from Lon- don to Calcutta waa fitted with a freezing compartment; and the meat, after having been four months in the freezing chamber (to Calcutta and back to London), waa pro- nounced perfectly sound and sweet at a luncheon given by the directora of tho com- pany in London. The machine uaed waa one of Bell and Coleman's. The citizens of Melbourne were supplied for the firat time yeaterday with fresh Uah j from England. Scotch Balmon, aolea, turbot, and haddocks, amounting in weight to 2,0801b., were brought out in the freezing chamber of the B.8. Lusitania. They were aold by MeaBrs. Bright Bros., to whom they were consigned, by tender, to Mr. P. N. Jenkins, of Swanston-street, and Mr. Brian, of South Yarra. The purchasers found thom in ex- cellent condition, and had them unshipped yesterday evening. Between 7 and 12 o'clock Mr. Jenkins retailed between 3cwt. and 4cwt. at the following priceB :-Salmon, 5a. to Ga. per lb.; turbot, 4a.; and solea, 4a. Largo purchases were mado by the principal hotel keepers for the use of their customers to- day. The Torpedo Accident Board continued its Bittings yesterday. Mr. Richards, gnnner on the Cerberus, and three of the electricianB of the Naval Torpedo Corpa wero examined, but their evidence did not differ materially from that of previous witnesses, nor throw much fresh light on the affair. We have received from Mr. P. Atyeo, a practical stonemason, a small block of free I Btone from the Mount Abrupt Quarry, near Dunkeld. With the view of testing the capacity of the Btone for ornamental building purposes, Mr. Atyeo baa worked a floral design on it with excellent effect. Ho states that the atone will bear a very good edge, and that its toughness and fine grain render it the beat building stone yet found in the colony. Mr. George Summers, another mason with much practical experience, coincides in this opinion. The aample of atono certainly preaenta an admirable appearance, bat of coureo it ia impossible to adequately judge of the merita ! of the quarry from so small a specimen. At the competition which recently took place at the Exhibition botwcen tho Tasmanian atone from the Okehampton quarry and the stone from the Mount Abrupt quarry, the following reaults were ob tamed - Tasmanian atone -Dreaaiug three faces of block size Oft x 2ft x 2ft, plain rubbed, tooled, dabbed and stripped work, moulded and fluted work complete, 31i hours, sawing a piece off end, 3J honra , total hours, 35 , tools sharpened by blacksmith, 33 Mount Abrupt Stone -Dressing three faces of block size Oft x 2ft x 2ft , plain rubbed, tooled, dabbed and stripped work, moulded and fluted work complete, 77t houra, sawing a piece off end, 5' hours , total houra, Hi, toola sharpened by blacksmith, 105 A meeting of the council of the University of Melbourne waa held in the council chamber j esterdaj at half paat 4pm The members present were-1 he Vice chancellor, the Chief Justice, Mr Rusden, Mr Rogers, Q C, Mr Justice Stephen, Dr Motherwell, Dr Mackay, Professor Irving, Dr Bromby, Mr. MTarland, Professor Andrew, Dr Morrison, Dr Madden, Mr Ellery, Mr Leeper. It waa resolved to present a petition to the Legislative Council, praying that the University Bill now before the House be not proceeded with Some routine business waa then transacted, and tho council adjourned to the following Monday. A meeting of the Melbourne Presbytery will be held tina morning at the AaBembly hall, Collins street It waa fully expected that the case of the Rev Charlea Strong would como on for consideration, but we understand that although the committee of inquiry appointed at the last meeting of the presbytery havo held several meetings to conaider Mr Strong's article on the Atone- ment, no renort has been prepared. Con- siderable BurpriBO ia felt at this undesirable delay. The diamond drill, which haB fimahed ita work at Malmsbury, l8 now under offer to the Golden Tleece Mining Company, at Sand- hurst. The water bore at Laen Plaina, north of Donald, is now at a depth of 270ft It has gone through 37ft of quart? The indications lead to the belief that auriferous drifts and reefs will be found on these plains The survey for the diversion of Bruce'a Creek, va. connexion with the Yan Yean water aupply, ia now fimahed, and prepara tiona will bo made in a day or two for the execution of the work. In juatice to Mesara Wright and Edwards, of the Atlaa Iron Works, wo pubhah the following paragraph from the Sydney Motntng Heiald of the lat inBt -" We have received from the agentB of Messrs Wright and Edwards a letter, calling attention to a paragraph which appeared in tne Heiald of the 24th March, and in which it ia stated, under the head ' Victoria,' that ' the commis- sioner in insolvency haB refused the certt ficate of MessrB. Wright and Edwards, rail- way contractors, on the ground of earning on businesB by means of fictitious capital, and giv ing preference to a creditor ' This mac curate statement was received by telegram from Melbourne, and published on the 19th nit. In the next issue of the paper it waa corrected, and the public were informed that the contracto« referred to wero not Messrs Wright and Edwards Unfortunately the Bummanst extracted the erroneous inBtead of the accurate paragraph We hasten again to correct the error, and sincerely regret that, through inadvertence, any reflection should bave been cast upon the firm of Mesara Wright and Edwards ' The twenty-seventh ordinary general meet- ing of the shareholders in the Melbourne Meat-preserving Company (Limited) waa held yeaterday afternoon at the officea in Queen street. Mr. H N. Loughnan preaided, and moved the adoption of the report and balance sheet, which were of a satisfactory character. This waa Beconded by the Hon R Simson, M L C , and agreed to. The remaining busi nsBS wub of a formal character, conBisting of the reelection of Mesara Benn and Tair bairn aa directora, and of Measra Tuckett and Bickerton as auditors We have been requeated to call attention to the fact that the authorities of the Uni- versity are advertising for a lecturer and examiner in English language and literature, whose duties and remuneration are defined | m the advertisement Monday next ia the latest day for receiving applications, and the successful candidate will be required to enter on his duties upon the 23th mat A case haa been brought to light in which two young men, whose father agreed to pay £5 a quarter for their maintenance in the Kew Lunatic ABylum, have been keep in that institution for five years without the state receiving a penny. Stepa will bo taken for the protection of the revenue. The final payments for the Australian Coursing Club St Leger Stakes are duo at 1 o'clock this afternoon, at which hour nominations also close for the Point Cook Stakes for all ages The draw for both éventa takes place at the ofiice of the club at 1pm. to morrow. Trom the reporta lately received from the Werribee game ia said to be abundant, and the country ia bo well graBBed that the going is excellent. Special trainB will run each day of the meeting, leaving town at half past 8 o'clock. The taking of the census has enabled a smart man, who evidently hvea by his wits, to victimise a number of poor people in Prahran ne ia described as a man of about 5ft Oin in height, of gentlemanly appear- ance, and from the caseB already reported it is evident that he waa carrying on hiB swindling on Sunday. He visited only the houses occu- pied by poor people, and stated that ho waa going round to examine the censúa papera to aee if they were correct before the enume- rators called for them no had a pen behind his ear. His plan was to look at the papers, and correct some trilling error which ho hod pretended to discover. Ho then demanded a fee of Is, which was generally paid. In some cases he required another signa- ture to the paper, which he witnessed, signing "John Gardiner,' and then de- manded 1b for Ina trouble. Ho told Bome of his victims that he waa fairly knocked up, having been walking all the previous day As it was noticed that be did not call at every house, one woman waa suBpicioua, and ac- cordingly informed the police Sergeant Parkinson at once despatched two conatables in plain clothea in search of the swindler, but up to a late hour last night they had not succeeded m arresting him. Late on Sunday night a man whose name ib unknown called at the Australian Tiro Brick Manufactory, Chapel Btreet, South Yarra, and asked permission to pass the night in one of the sheds Mr Davies granted the request, and directed the man to the most comfortable shed Yesterday morning he was found by Mr Davies's work- men lying dead in the Bhed indicated. Tho matter was reported to the police, and the body removed to the Melbourne Morguo to await an mqueat. On Sunday lost, when the a a Ly-ee moon waa off Twofold Bay, a child two yeira old, named frederick Jamea M'Grmloy, fell over board. The vesael wob immediately stopped, a boat waa lowored, and tho child waa rescued The usual restoratives were applied I with success. Mademoiselle Alice Charbonnet, tho ac compliBbed solo pianiste, announces her fare- well concert to take place in Glen's rooms. Collins street eaBt, next Thursday night The tragedy of "Hamlet" waa played at the Princess's Theatre IaBt night, with Mr William HoBkma in the part of the mtro spectiv e minded Dane. Why Mr. Hoskins should have chosen to oBSumo that character at this period of his dramatic career ia one of thoao things which, aa Lord Dundreary would Bay, " no fellah can understand " It ib nevertheless to be recorded that notwith- standing the utter absence of the essentials of tho fire and poaaion of youth, Mr. Hoakina gave nn intelligent reading of the part, which waa also distinguished by Borne elocationarj ability. The tragedy waa Bhorn of all attractiveness in the way of stage accessories, and the leading actor waa bnt poorly supported. Miaa Marian Willie, however, created a very favourable impres- sion as Ophelia, Mr. Stuart O Bnen's Ghost waa a highly respectable aort of apparition, and Mr. Stoneham performed Laertes in a manner which showed him to bo a rapidly improving actor. Thia evening "Othello" will be produced, for the benefit of Mr. W. C. Dillon. 