International Aquation. Oil 1 whoro and oh I whom lmvo our watornum gono ? Oh! whom and oh I whom con thoy ho? Must wo own I Im dtvliim of iho Tlmmos and tho Tyuo, Whim Iho spocd uf thu titiungor wo sco ? Ui old wo worn nmittKisf cm rivor min shorn, All comoiH wo proudly d«<(hd, And n ohiillmwo wo Inn led in tho faco of tho world, Hut a full ollim Itilluwuth prido, Of old our young wnlormnn piled on Iho Tlmmos, And plucky voting ftdltiw woto thoy \ Thoy could p.uidln ami rare at a vMlliiig paeo, Hut wu mourn o'er their prowess to-day. Par our farmway brothers and euuihut havocomo, Tho Oonmtck and your Km»caro»», 11 lit itouri to show how to m ii M ami row, Aud thoy'vo taught uh u losson ur two, Knr the coat and Iho lnolgo of old Doggull ouch your Our watermen omvo who 1 hot j Ami Iho Dark and Light IUio-f, crack amalour crow. \- Pur tho river Iduo rlhaitd coiuoni | Hut- idortl and iila I 'tis of Utile avail Their wonderful f,«rm to di|day | Our umuiour cracks aud our waterman Jacks, Now whoro and oh 1 whern nrc thoy ? Oh ! llanlan and Trtekolt, and haycock and Horr, Oh 1 Nicholson, lL.snmr, urnl timlth, Willi yom slido ami ynur stylo, at live minutes tlm mllo, Vdu uniuiilfd) your kin ami year kith, Oil 1 Kcllcy and Saddter, ami Cliumhcr's ghost. Oil I Kllloll, Higgles, ami Ituvil, When you sou limv ilio.v win ami pm kol thu tin, Huii't you til l Ju-l tlm li'imt till iiiiiiuyii.i f Wtitlo Suiilhi'i Rs ai il Nni'tlu r u'l's wranglo unit lirag Who Ilia lillo ol't'litimtihot shrill rliilm, In t tin sti iigulo I hoy llltif I hoy mo loft fur Imllllltl, Ami both 1' i—o tlii'tr right lo Ilia iiiitiio ; Wo long shall ronmiiibio' Iho " Hup lllltois " rueo, Whon Nyilnoy pmvoil Krai with ttioimr, Alu) also liu'll iul ot' i In. tilings t tint brlVl, Whin It mils u i'oiiipi'it hnnii'jiisl hiifarn. oil I whoro unit oh ! whom lmvo your wuloniion gonu ? Oil 1 whoro anil oh I rvhoro can I liov bo ? Suuh n iiiiuol iiui to ask Is a ijiilto rxhIIoss task— 3 hoy hnvo only rOiio ovor th» sou | , loroutii Hoy HHIo, unit Dor.inisix-n.-— y- . - You happy, violin Inus olios, " ' Count oaoh glviiyoni' huiol, "gainst tlio tvorhl wo still slnml, For vnn all nro Hrllnniila's suns. — I.iisdos Soi l l.'l'Y. 