REVIEW. II. The Great Musicians : a series of Biographies of Great Musicians. Edited by V. Hu»rKKß. II. Weber. By Sir Julius BENEDICT. The name of Weber is so intimately associated with delightfully joyous music, the matchless " Invitation a la Valse, the " Concert Stuck," and the " Hunts- man's Chorus," from '* Der Freischutz," that we are apt to think the composer's works indicative of his life, and to picture it surrounded with all the charms of friends and fortune Such an illusion is for over dis- pelled on reading the sketch before us, the joint work of his loving pupil and oldest son; it is a revelation of physical and mental suffering from which the bravest heart might well recoil. The ancestors of Weber belonged to the old Austrian nobility. Ruined by the "Thirty Years' War, the Weber's, like many others, went to seek their fortune in the service of some German princes; and in the middle of the eighteenth century two brothers were famous amateurs at the Court of Karl Theodor, Elector of the Palatinate Fridolin had a daughter, Constance, who became the wife of the immortal Mozart. Franz Anton, the father of Carl Maria von Weber, the subject of this notice, was known as the handsome lieutenant of the Elector's guard, " penniless, idle, reck- less in spirit, but jovial in manner," and a general favourite at Mannheim. During the Seven Years' War he was wounded at Rosbaeh, left the army, wooed and won a beautiful and wealthy bride, and on his father-in-law's death secured his post of District Judge to the Elector of Cologne and Bishop of Hildesheim. After the death of the Elector, he was deprived of his office, squandered all he could get of his wife's fortune, and broke her heart by his last freak of starting as manager of a wandering company of singers and actors. Failing in this, and excited by the news of his nephew's triumphs, he went to Vienna, placed two of his boys as pupils with Joseph Haydn, and at the age of 50 fell in love with a pretty girl of 18, and soon married her. In December, 1788, was born a child the only one from this marriage Carl Maria, a sickly boy, with a diseased hip bone, ATtIC at the age of four years could barely support his body when walking. Disappointed in his children by his first marriage, Anton Weber determined that this boy should be a marvel. Before he could speak he was taught to put his Angora on the piano and to sing, and tortured with masters on every subject, so that nothing should be omitted which could make him a prodigy. Their erratic life, the violent temper and the rough treatment of her husband, were too much for the young wife, and her delicate boy was mothorleBS at eleven years old : exposed to all conceivable moral dangers, to the most pernicious influences ; the only gain a perfect familiarity with the intricacies of the stage, which finally developed his great dramatic power. He was forced to write all sorts of music, a mass, trios, sonatas, variations for the piano, four-part songs, canons, and even an opera, " The power of Love and Wine ;" all of these were accidentally burnt. Michael Haydn (brother of Joseph), was his teacher at this time; but his father's removal to Munich brought him in contact with the Court organist, IvalcUer, with whom he was placed as a pupil. Weber, in his biographical sketch, voice "I owe chiefly to the clear, gradually progressive, careful instruction of the latter (Kalcner) the mastery and skill in the line of art means, principally with regard to pure four part writing, which ought to be so natural to the tone poet if he is to make himself and his ideas intelligible to his hearers just as orthography and rhythmical measures are necessary for the poet." At the end of 1803 Franz Anton placed his son with the Abbe Vogler, the fashionable composer and great social attraction of the Viennese Court. The Abbess keen eye recognised the genius of his pupil, and when, early in 1861, he had an opportunity to serve him he did to, and the boy of 17 became conductor at the opera of Breslau, on Vogler's recommendation. At this period, through accidentally drinking some poison in mistake for wine, be lost for ever his beautiful voice, and was for months in danger of his life. So diligently did his traducers employ this compulsory absence that soon after his recovery the composer in disgust resigned his post at the end of his second year of office. His salary at Breslau was £90 a year, his father depended upon him for support, and the charms of one of the singers had led the susceptible. conductor into extravagances ; he was without office, penniless, and, worse still, involved in debts which hampered him for years. Through the kindness of Dulce Eugen, the musician next became private secretary to his brother Duke Louis of Wurtemberg, at Stuttgart. Stuttgart had many charms for Weber. His companions were Daunecker, the sculptor of " Ariadne ;" Matthison, the poet of Beethoven's "Adelaide;" Louis Spehr, the famous composer and violinist ; Danzi, the clever conductor of the opera, his stanchest friend, his fearless monitor and as an evil genius, Franz Carl Reimer, who entangled him in pecuniary and other embarrassments. Franz Anton, then nearly seventy-five, brought his debts and dangerous influence to his son, and " At the end of 1809 Carl Maria discovered to his utter dismay that the old man had misappropriated certain sums, which the son as secretary had received from the duke to pay off a mortgage on the family estate in Silesia, and in order to shelter his father from disgrace he himself became the sufferer. "Aftfcra kind of mock trial, presided over by the king himself, whose vituperation and invective were met with calm dignity by the young prisoner, the two Webers were condemned, transported by the police to the frontier in the most ignominious manner, and banished the kingdom for ever." The exiles took refuge at Mannheim and from this time the genius of young Weber shines out like " gold tried by the fire." In the three years at Stuttgart he had composed a set of pianoforte duets, re-written his first opera, " The Dumb Girl of the Forest," and re-named it " Sylvania," sketched his charming operetta A' Abu Hassan," and composed a cantata, *' Der Erste Ton." His first pianoforte concerto in C a number of " Lieder," six sonatas for piano and violin, and the completion of a! Abu Hassan,' attest his industry in composition in 1810. The next few years were occupied in artistic tours by Weber and Baermann, the clarinettist, which are very well described. Occasional gleams of brightness such as the success of " Abu Hassan," first at Munich and frankly throughout Germany, gladdened the composer ; the friendship of Duke Ernst of Saxe Gotha; his visit to Berlin, afterwards the scene of his greatest triumph and the death of his father at the age of 18, were the chief events apart from his fertility in composition. A graphic sketch of the political situation follows, and its influence upon Weber, whose national sentiments were aroused, and henceforth manifest themselves in his works., Early in 1813 Weber went to Prague, and was appointed director of the theatre by Liebich; his success was complete, but his life was tortured by his infatuation for an unscrupulous member of the company. The engagement of Caroline Brandt in 1814 brought him in contact with one whose virtue was equal to her talent, and who gradually inspired him with an affection that it was his good fortune to have reciprocated. In one visit to "Grafen-Tonna," a feudal castle of Duke Emil-of which there is a graphic account, and of the feelings it inspired-two of his grandest melodies were set to LUIZOAV'S " Wild Hunt " and the " Sword Song." Soon followed " Men and Boys," and the remainder of the songs from Korner's "Lyre and Sword;" patriotic songs which at once made him famous " wherever the German tongue was spoken, and wherever a German heart beat." Again his "evil star" troubled him, Weber's national inspirations were distasteful to his " Caroline," and his wea- of " Kampf and Sing," a cantata in honour of water, led to a dissolution of their engagement, but after some months of agony the estranged lovers met, and their enemies henceforth were silenced. At Christ- was the cantata was performed at Weber's benefit concert The triumph was great ; but against this we I had an intrigue in Prague on the part of the theatre committee, and the conductor at once resigned. Next the battle cantata was given in Berlin through the influence of Count Bruhl. This visit to Berlin gave him, through the influence of Count Vitzthum, the post of Capellmeister at Dresden; at last the vista of glory and happiness seemed open (1817). It is melancholy, indeed, to read of the treachery to which he is? immediately a victim. The Prime Minister of the Rag conceived an antipathy to the musician ; the skin" rao,n1Mob' who owed his grandeur to Napoleon, appeared all patriotic allusions to the struggle between Italy Germany' and on learning from his Minister that Weber was the composer of " Lyre and Sword," a duke became intense. At the head of Italian opera in Dresden was Morloccln favourite of King and Minister, and against this force the regenerator of German opera had to battle The zeal of Weber earned the artists with him. On the opening night Mebul s Joseph in Egypt was given - "The astonishment of the old lady, one of his followers was great, such light and shade, with corn pictures in minister and scenic arrangements nut h earnestness, from the pains d una I the lost chorus singer-in brief, such a 1 ri mi representation had never been heard before the a\ \ 1 mío cqu Oled the surprise of the delighted public and very much against his inclination his Majesty was able ed t > acknow leads the successful endeavours of the new reef rmer Naturally enough the opposition, which had so confidently proL,noiti catch the first piece of this attempt felt i x operated at the unexpected result, and no in and, four or fur, were spared to paralyse and thwart the efforts of Worry who regardless of backstairs influence, base instead ns and treacherous advices, pursued with even increased activity the object he had in view " Amidst worries innumerable, Vt ober now turned his artistic self to the renewal of a subject which ten years before had much interested him. Apel a book of Ge spinster Qeschichteti (ghost stones), from which "Der Freischutz " had seized his fancy, and meeting with Kind, then popular as a novel writer the libretto was considered, and completed by 1st March, 1847 The rest of the year is an unbroken record of troubles and work. However, on December 20th, Weber was married to his beloved Lina, and the forced confirmation of his engagement as Capellmoistcr for life enabled the bride to comply with her husband s wish and quit the stage "It ct the same page which speaks of the happiness of the young couple is darkened by accounts of renewed hostilities and intrigues the death of his best child, the line 8 of the mother and the idea of her father at nearly the same time made the end of their first year of married life sad indeed and with aheay v heart poor Weber resumed his AS oak A month a severe illness bore witness to the effect of professional trouble on the German composer but his biographer tells us, that cheered by his guardian angel, Lina, in one of the bright moments following tins' pro tration he wrote and dedicated to her the ever charming " Invitation a la ^ also, the delight alike of artists and amateurs Some of the best pianoforte duets, the Rondo in E flat came next, and there was much progress with Der Freischutz." Space will not permit our dwelling on the progress of the work which was the crowning point in his fame, on the contemptible ends of his, enemies, or on the large heartedness which, free from envy or jealousy mode Weber so actively ready to recognise talent in any and every form, and on the promptness in doing good which "-0 often recalled in an opposite treatment of himself, suffice it to say that 18.0 was the culminating point in his musical career, His greatest work was finished, he produced the most national lyrical drama of the German stage, and two months after this scene ement wrote the incidental music to Precio a AS high, produced in Berlin, AS here the national strains of ' Ljre and Svsord, ' were on shrined, gave a new impetus to the admiration of the composer, and prepared the public for the coming novelty from this point a new interest is in the sketch, for Benedict became the pupil, and writes from actual knowledge of the subject of the book The preparations for and the performance of the new one or are given AS ith photographic minutes 2 The anniversary of W Waterloo was to usher in Der 1 Freischutz the composer super vised the work and could with difficulty prevent the chorus and orchestra from making the melodies prematurely public The final rehearsal SA as such a failure in the incantation scene, that man, stanch friends shook their heads, and on Weber s return, after hours of toil with the machinist, his wife was nearly distracted The master s calmness reassured her, and the free hours of the following morning were devoted to finishing and playing to his wife and pupil the admirable Concert stuck in F minor Benedict s account of the night's triumph, the audience (including mainland there Felix Mendelssohn) the muster of soldiers and students, the reception of the composer, of the matchless overture, the boundless enthusiasm, is a glowing tribute of love to genius the conclusion is the only sad portion " To think that within five short years after such a triumph he should die of a broken heart in a foreign land '" The resolution in opera which Weber wrought, particularly in the construction of the overture, which he made " an epitome of the opera " and of the influence of his several work-, will form an interesting subject to musical students the scriptions of the artist cole bodies engaged in the principal capitals of Europe gives life to another part of this book, and the bits of private life revealed make us at home with the loss as well as the di appointments of this chequered career. In 1821 Charles Kemble, then le See of Covent Garden, proposed that Weber should compose an open for him, the words to be in the English language This tempting offer drove Weber to his physician whose verdict, anxiously sought, was to this effect - " ' If you give up any idea of conducting or composing, start at once to Italy, and remain in idleness at li fit one year, you may invective or six years longer ' ' And it not asked Weber ' Then,' was the stern answer of the doctor ' it can be only a question of months, nay, nias ho of weeks ' Weber replied, deeply moved, but truth. As God will from what you say I cannot hope to secure a future for his wife and family is dragging on for a few s ear-, our eless Inc In England I may expect a return for my labours which will leave them in possession of means which I could not otherwise procure them, and then it will be much better that I should accept the task ' ' Then, binding the Physician to secure-, he accepted the engagement "Oberon," from Wieland's poem, was the subject, £1000 the price Mr. Planche translated the libretto, and from the pen of the doomed man came forth those melodies which even now are marvellous in their freshness A few crumbs of public comfort gladdened fine season Euryanthe was welcomed at Berlin , the King of Saxony gave him a beautiful diamond ring, and, amid public success, with an inward presentiment of es ii, he set his house in order, disregarded all entreaties of his anxious wife, whom family duties bound at home, and in February, 1820, started for England, to find a temporary home at Sir George Smart. hospitable hearth. The opera was given, the triumph complete , yet the next morning as medicine was offered, the sick man murmured, "I am a shattered machine would to God it might be held together till I might once more embrace my Lina and my boys. ' Amid London fogs and hard work his home longing became intense, a benefit was arranged for June 6, he fixed his departure for the 6th , tells the dear wife not to answer his letter written on the 2nd of June he had made an extra £100 by one concert, and joyfully hoped to increase the pile on the 5th. On the 4th of June, after conversing with many kind friends, Sir George Smart accompanied Weber to his room. His companion left him when all was arranged for the night, Rebel's last SA words being, " Now let me sleep " In the morning only the lifeless body remained, the independence of his wife was secured, but at a terrible sacrifice. Over the wasted form Mozart's immortal Requiem was sung, and Moorfields chapel was its resting place until 1891, when chiefly through the exertions of Wagner, then Capdlmeisterat Biesden, the yearning for horne SA which had haunted his last days on earth was gratified, and the mortal remains of Carl Maria von Weber were laid in a grave, upon which flowers were tended by his beloved Line. His memory is enshrined in the hearts of the people as Wagner said, a' Behold the Briton does there justice, the Tenth man admires then, but only the German can love their Thou art his own, a bright day in his life, a drop of his blood, a particle of his heart' " The biography contains an exhaustive and A valuable catalogue of Weber's works. Since its publication, Max Maria Christian Philipp, the eldest son, and one of the most celebrated engineers in Germany, has also died He is referred to by Benedict as having largely contributed to the materials for the biography. 