She §i[iísbane (Eaitcer. PUBLISHED DAILY Wednesday, July 9, 1884. The proceedings in Parliament yesterday were unique. Among the papers laid before both Houses was one of surpassing interest, being the report of the Royal Commission on the allegations contained in Mr. Hemmant's petition. In the Assembly Mr. Palmer took the unusual course of moving that the report be read, and this being agreed to a very full House at intently listening for an hour or more to the contents of printed document which extended over sixteen Gazette pages. The next proceeding was a conversation initiated by the Premier and joined in by the leader of the Opposition with a view to arrange for the proper discussion of the report and evidence. Mr. McIlwraith was willing to take the sense of the House either by an amendment upon the Address in reply, or by setting apart a Government day specially for the consideration of the report. This eventuated in Mr. Griffith notifying his intention to move an amendment on the Address which would affect the position of st member of the Government, and consequently the Government itself. The announcement had the effect of deter- mining what course should be taken, for notice of a motion of want of confidence having been practically given, Ministers were bound to abstain from proceeding with the public business until that motion was disposed of. Although the course would probably have been more regular had the House first dealt with the Address in reply and then discussed the report and evidence on their own merits, no exception can be taken on a point of order to the arrangement made. Whether Mr. Griffith's indictment will be confined to matters connected with the London transactions, or whether it will also embrace the alleged shortcomings of Ministers in other matters of administration, remains to be a shown. As the proceedings now stand, the presumption is that the more comprehensive method will be adopted, and the confidence or no-confidence of the majority in Ministers ultimately settled, to use Mr. Griffith's own words, once for all." Possibly a sufficiently full discussion will thus be ensured, but it is difficult to understand how any ordinary member can, in the compass of a speech of moderate length, cover so large an area of ground, even if so practised a debater as Mr. Griffith succeeds in doing so. ' What are known as the " steel rails transactions" are likely, under these circumstances, to absorb attention and divert the thoughts of members from the broader issues that would legitimately arise upon the motion for the adoption of the Address, or an ordinary amendment upon it involving want of confidence. On the whole we cannot but think that Ministers could have done better by advising the House to adopt a definite course at the outset. Yesterday's arrangement was drifted into, whereas it is obviously better that on all important questions some previously designed plan should be followed. The reference in the Speech to the London inquiry was little more than incidental, and we believe public advantage would have resulted had the opinion of the House been first ascertained on the policy formally enunciated by Ministers through the Governor. The Address might easily have been disposed of during the current week, and the way thus cleared for dealing with the commissioners' report on its own merits before any important public business was entered upon. One of the most lamentable features of our Parliamentary proceedings in regard to the steel rail allegations is the sinister influence they exercised upon our Legislature from the day when Mr. Hem- mant's petition was first presented until the close of last session. The arrangement entered into does not appear calculated to limit the scope of the debate, or to result in a very distinct conclusion. If the Government command a majority, Mr. Griffith's no-confidence amendment would be negatived in any case ; but as matters now stand the vote will be really taken on the general merits of the Ministry, and not on the specific issues which the Select Committee in the colony and the Royal Commission in London have been so long engaged in attempting to determine. If the discussion be really intended to result in a final vote as well upon the steel rail transactions as upon the general policy of the Government, the agreement may yet prove a saving of time. We are very doubtful upon this point, however, for it is difficult to limit or control a discussion upon complicated questions involving so great a variety of issues as will be embraced in the debate which will be resumed by Mr. Griffith on Tuesday next. The character of the commissioners' report is such that Mr. Griffith is bound either to apologise for his conduct or attempt to make good his position. A more complete exoneration of the Premier could not have been penned by one of his warmest supporters. It is evident from Mr. Griffiths observations yesterday that he will appeal from the report to the evidence, and that he considers his public character is involved in the effective ness or otherwise of his vindication. On the other hand, the very existence of the Government, as well as the reputation of the Premier, is involved in the emphatic approval by Parliament of the commissioners' report. The discussion will evidently be long protracted, and possibly end in utter dreariness. Yet it appears to us that Parliament must itself cut the gordian knot. Another Select Committee or Royal Commission is out of the question, and we fear the outcome of the most exhaustive discussion will be a monstrous loss of time and temper, and an eventual verdict by a majority composed solely of Ministerial supporters. It has been our conviction throughout that our political leaders should never have left the colony for the purpose of solving this distressing problem, and that each should have accepted even had they not been content with a searching inquiry conducted by competent and impartial persons chosen from without the domain of politics. Reverting to his excellency's speech, no one can regard it as a very striking deliver- ance. It contained only one surprise, and that the public will accept as the spice deemed requisite for seasoning an otherwise plain and matter-of- fact dish. The proposed reconstruction of the Legislative Council can surely not be seriously contemplated. So grave a change in the Constitution would certainly have been ushered in with a paragraph of explanations or apologies had legislation been actually determined upon. We are not prepared to assume that the announcement was intended to fill the part of the postscript to a lady's letter. Yet Upper House reform is likely to be a question of the early future. When the only apparent means of keeping up its members to the point of efficiency is the appointment of defeated candidates for the Assembly, the public will naturally inquire whether the constitution of the Legislative Council is not in actual need of revision. Latitude is always allowed to the Premier in his choice of colleagues, but if the ordeal of an unsuccessful election contest has come to be regarded as a qualification for the Upper House, it is probably quite time to make some change in the mode of appointment at least. Yet we doubt if public opinion is ripe for an elective Upper House in Queensland. Our nominated Council has well served its purpose hitherto as a check upon hasty legislation without being an injurious obstruction. Under these circumstances, the majority in both Houses will probably determine for the present to let well alone. For the first sitting of the session, there was a good attendance of members on the assembling of the Legislative Council yesterday afternoon, there being twenty-two gentlemen present. The changes which the President had to report as having taken place during the recess were more numerous than usual, these including the resignation of Mr. Ivory ; the death of Mr. Fitz, the late Clerk of Parliaments, and the appointment of Mr. Radford in his place ; the appointments of the Hon. B. D. Morehead and Messrs. Rome and Macpherson and the unusual circumstance of the resignation and reappointment of one of the members of the Council, the Hon. James Taylor. The Postmaster-General and Messrs. Rose and Taylor were each introduced in the ordinary way by two other members, and the two latter took the prescribed oaths, Mr Morehead having previously gone through this ceremony before the Governor. Mr. Radford also had to take oaths of office and allegiance. The new Postmaster-General did not appear at all disconcerted at the prominent position in which he found himself for the first time, and although there was a shade more of dignity in his compartment than was observable when he occupied a seat in the Chamber which is supposed to be more congenial to his tastes, still there were certain signs that his old sprightliness and love of fun had not entirely deserted him. Mr. Taylor, as one of the junior members, moved the address in reply is that blunt outspoken manner so characteristic of that hon. gentleman and caused a laugh when, on referring to the bills to be brought forward, he confessed his ignorance on the subjects of beche-de-mer fisheries and the law of shipping, but acknowledged to a slight acquaintance with spirits and beer. Mr. Remo, in seconding the Address, created a decidedly favourable impression, and gave evidence, from the way in which he performed the duty, of proving a valuable acquisition to the Chamber. Mr. Walsh led off from the Opposition" side of the House, and vigorously attacked several portions of the Speech. No other member addressed himself to the question of the Address in reply, and it was resolved to adjourn the debate till to-day. We do not think there is much probability of a quorum being formed. Just before the Speaker took the chair yesterday afternoon the members came dropping in rather more slowly than on previous occasions. The Premier and Mr. Griffith entered almost at the same time, and each for a few moments Bat alone on his bench the former seeming to regard his opponent with a stern expression, the latter wearing the air of conscious integrity, combined with rigorous justice, which is so well known to his admirers. Mr. McLean was the first to support his chief of the Opposition front bench, and Mr. M'Ilwraith's colleagues soon relieved his isolation. Some little curiosity was felt as to the movements of the members. For a short time Mr. Stubley sat by the side of the Premier smiling across the House at his former comrades, but he soon found his way back to his old position. The ceremony of swearing in the new members was marked by no new features, and the difficulty that three men always experience when they endeavour to go round a sharp curve in a dignified manner and arm in arm was not overcome in a more satisfactory way this year than on previous occasions. Generally speaking the intro- ducers smile feebly as they approach the Speaker, while the new man gazes straight in front of him, and looks exceedingly solemn. But there was not the ghost of a smile on the Premier's face as he brought forward his new colleague, and he moved the chairs out of his road with as much stern decision as if they had been political opponents. The new member for Mackay made an excellent impression by his opening address. He spoke like a man who knew exactly what he intended to say, and had the gift of saying it in clear intelligible language; and he was not disconcerted, although he did not receive the indulgence usually extended by the House to new members making their maiden speeches. He had hardly begun speaking when Mr. Groom interjected a sarcastic remark, and he had to go on amidst frequent interruptions from the Opposition benches. Mr. Henry Palmer also acquitted himself in a creditable manner, and although giving indulgence according to the usual formula, displayed very little nervousness. There were many cheers on the Government side of the House when the reading of the report of the Royal Commission was concluded, and counter cheers from the Opposition, led by a significant "hear, hear" from Mr. Griffith, when the Colonial Secretary came to the words " and the evidence taken by the Commission " in moving that the report be printed. List session the Ministerial members seemed to be more anxious for the fray than their opponents ; this year the Oppositionists had almost the monopoly of defiant ex relations. The remark does not apply to Mr. Griffith. He was mild and depre- catory in his manner, and it was in an almost affectionate tone that he exhorted members to read, mark, and inwardly digest the evidence taken by the Royal Commission before they met again, The proceedings terminated in a rather abrupt manner. The Premier left the question of how the report should be considered with a settle it among yourselves" air to the members generally. The House accordingly rather drifted into than decided upon the arrangement for a week's adjournment. The resources and capacity of the Government Printing Office for doing important work in an emergency, and doing it well and quickly, has been severely tested in the production of the report and evidence of the Royal Commission on Mr. Hemmant's petition. It was only on Friday afternoon that the typographers were fairly able to get hold of the " copy," and by i o'clock yesterday afternoon the office was in a position to supply any number of copies required. The volume, turned out in excellent style, lilla 368 pages of foolscap. Mr. Beal and his subordinates have accomplished a feat which we do not think can be beaten in any of the southern colonies. Mr. Mein yesterday gave notice of motions in the Council calling for copies of all correspondence between the President and the Government respecting the appointment of the Clerk of the Council and between the Government and Mr. Thornton and Dr. Hobbs respecting the positions lately held by those gentlemen as members of the Council At such a time as this, when the life of a great nation's ruler is trembling in the balance, one's thoughts naturally turn in the direction of his successor. In the event of a President of the United States dying his place is filled by the Vice-President, who then holds office until the expiration of the term of four years for which the President was elected. It was in this capacity, as will be remembered, that Mr. Andrew Johnson succeeded President Lincoln when he was assassinated near the close of his second term of office and at an earlier date Mr. Millard Kill- more succeeded President Taylor, and Mr. John Tyler succeeded President Harrison, both having been elected as Vice- President. Under these circumstances it is remarkable that, as a rule, so little interest attaches to the person chosen as Vice-President compared with that which follows the heir-apparent to a throne, who is in a somewhat similar position. Beyond the announcement of the name of the present Vice-President Mr. Chester A. Arthur nothing has reached us regarding one who may soon occupy the most prominent position in the United States ; but sympathy and regard for General Garfield will induce a world-wide hope that the unfavourable symptoms now reported may soon abate, and that the President himself may be able to hold his position to the end of the term. The results of the Sydney University Examinations are published in the S. M. Herald of the 28th ultimo. From the list we gather that the following candidates from the Brisbane Grammar School passed the matriculation examination : V. Black, A. B. Carvosso, Thomas E. Jones, A. Paul, F. Paul, and H. Perkins. Honours were obtained by Thomas E. Jones and A. B. Carvosso in class I., both for mathematics and classics. V. Black and A. B. Carvosso also passed in class I for natural science. Thomas E. Jones was the winner of a university scholarship for general proficiency. In the first year's examination J. Woolcock passed with honours in classics, mathematics, and natural science ; the same young gentleman also won a scholarship in mathematics. In the second year's examination C. A. Flint passed with honours in mathematics and natural science ; he also won the Barker Scholarship in mathematics. In the B.A. examination J. Cribb passed with honours in class I. for mathematics and classics, and in class II. for natural science ; he also won a university price of £10. We have frequently in those columns expressed our belief that a large export trade in salted beef would yet be established in Australia. That a country of the extent of the Australian continent possessing some twelve millions of cattle raised and fattened solely on its natural grasses should be unable to compete with other countries, where the cattle have to be sustained on artificial food, in the supply of mess beef to the Admiralty and mercantile marine service, is one of those curious anomalies that cannot easily be accounted for. It has recently been said that the cause is attributable to an unnatural colour which our beef assumes under salt. This may be so ; but in these days of chemical research this ought to be speedily discovered and corrected, In the opinion of many practical men, however, the true cause of discolouration is the result of salting under a high temperature, and that this will be corrected when facilities have been established for salting under artificial cold. Those facilities now exist in New South Wales, and a spirited attempt is being made by a few stockowners in that colony to test the English market with a cargo of beef salted at the Orange refrigerating works. This it is proposed to do by a joint venture of £1000, subscribed in twenty shares of £50 each. That 200 prime cattle be purchased, and carefully slaughtered and salted at Orange, packed in Tierces of white American oak, and allowed to remain on the company's premises for fourteen days ; after which it will be taken to Sydney, and there carefully examined, resulted and repacked previous to shipment. We understand that much of the success of the Chicago salted meat is due to careful examination and repacking at New York prior to shipment. The pro forma account sales attached to the prospectus of the joint venture shows an outlay in connection with purchase of cattle, slaughtering, salting, and shipment, of £1805, landed in London and the sale of the beef, hides, fat, and tongues, £2210, free of commission and brokerage ; leaving a profit of £405 on the venture. We understand the matter is in competent hands, and that none but the best quality of beef will be accepted for shipment. A correspondent writes : " With reference to the game of cricket being played by royal princes, perhaps 'Endymion' has forgotten that a Prince of Wales, Frederick Louis, father of George III., died on the 20th March, 1751, from an injury received whilst engaged at the manly game of cricket, the ball etc asking him on the throat, and thus causing an abscess to form, which burst and suffocated him,' (Twcddell's Hist. Eng.) 