MOUNT GAMMER. i | h (FROM OWE OWN CORKESPONDENTy, . December 21. ; Since my lost the Roman Catholics here have |gi ven lit concert in aid of the- funds of &eir; ■*Ghurch,..ancfc It is needless to say was as successful as its warmest supporters could have wished-. The prices, by the way, 3s. and 2s., were just a trifle stiff for a concert of this kind. Although I took a back season tl^e occasion, and merely put in- an appearance to show that my good feeling existed, although l am not a member of that persuasion. The concert opened with the chorus " The harp that once through 7bra's~~ balls"' 'when Mix J. Rowan sang " Waiting," and rendered it in her osnally good style. _ The Misses Field gave " The Wind and the Harp" fairly, and were re-called. Miss Williams rendered " Kathleen Mavouinean" so pleasingly that she had to re-appear, and gave the audience I" Dreaming." Mr.' Jas. Fairly brought the house down in the "Tar's farewell," and ia response td an encore gave " Who deeply drinks of wine" with capital effect. Mrs. Welchman followed with " Dream of home," and then Miss McDonald was encored for " Steer my bark to Erin's Isle." Next came, to my fancy, .the gem of the evening, viz., "Beauty sleep" by Miss Kirby. Mr. Maytum Wias quite happy with the "iiOst-Uhild," when aninter val took place. Mrs. Welchman and Miss Englebrecht opened the second part with an ^overture, "Fan -Fan."'' Messrs. Maytum and Croft then gave " The Larbord Watch.'.' -Miss -McDonald followed with the "Bells of Shannon." A quartette by Messrs. James, Maytum, • Rubenkonig, and Pascoe followed. Miss McArthur was successful in "Eileen Allanah," and then Miss Birby again gave the audience a treat in the " Blind girl to heiharp." The " Gipsy Countess" by Mrs. Rowan -and' Miss —Williams,..^' Remember" by Mr. James, and "Pauline" by Miss Englebrecht, all of "which were creditably given, brought the proceedings ton, close. The Nathional'Anthem followed.1; - *' 1 f-i ; i -' Last Saturday an eleven of the Mount Gambier Cricket Club met and defeated a combined eighteen of Mingbool and Dismal Syyamp, The •^BWmpere" 1 went first'to the wickets, and although they kept possession, of the willow for.a lengthened period they only managed -to put together 48 runs, not a solitary batsman reaching double figures. The eleven then went to work with the limited time at their disposal to wipe out this number. The first; two men, Crouch and Scott, were soon' disposed 'of for -half a .dozen, when Mark Hayes and Nicholls got together and made matters very lively for the country folk; At last Nicholls was'rnn out for 40, Mark. Hayes retifing for 17, Rubenkonig carrying his bat out for 40, and alphabetical Dodge running, np 15 in very quick time, were the principal scores. The total was 126 runB for the loss of 8 wickets." Would the Britishers ■ have a ghost of a show with us .after that ? The weather during the past week has been all that the most fastidious could desire. Indeed, the potatoes around the town have raised their heads in response to the visitation of the gentle showers we have been having, and there can, l>e no doubt to the potatoes alone a vast amount of good will be done. Feed, too, is abundant, and it is rarely we see such good grass here at Christmas time. Potatoes are yery plentiful with us this season, and the new ones will be in'a month or so. Judging from the huge area under crop I'm inclined to the belief that " murphies" will be cheap enough; before the season advances very far. As I shall not have an opportunity of writing you again ere Christmas has come and gone, it may not be out of place here to offer you, Mr. Editor, your staff of the Herald, including all, hom the intelligent compo. down to the muchabused and presumptious little "printer's devil," the compliments of the season, viz., a Merry Xmas and a Happy New Year. I observe your staff are to enjoy the holidays in common with the rest of mankind, and it is pleasiug to note that the proprietors of the Herald believe in a little recreation at this time of the year, for I notice they purpose missing an issue so as to enable all hands to spend their holidays pleasantly ; even this latter concession will not be without its advantages. Our storekeepers intend keeping Tuesday next as a holiday, so as to give their employees an opiiortunity of enjoying Christinas like most people. Many of them wanted to close on Wednesday also, and do the thing properly. One of the gieatest "sells" the colonies have experienced for .a hmg time, I doubt not, in the shape of sport, is the abrupt termination of the cricket match All-England v. Victoria, played in Melbourne this week. To read in the Melbourne dailies and evening journals, after the performance of patting together 251 runs in their first innings by "Victoria, they came to the conclusion. that the betting was " Lmrbardstr.-et to a china orange." That the Englishmen were on their metal there is not the slightest doubt, and the manner in' which they (throngh Shrewsbury's brilliant stand and stub->bnm defence) pulled this match out of the fire has gained for them many friends and admirers of- the noble game, and I hope it will act as a wholesome lesson to the Victorians "not to count' their chickens- before they are hatched," and indulge a little less in what Anthony Trollope gives them the palm for " blowing." -The Englishmen have been under-rated all along and although they won't have much difficulty in putting the cricketers of the " farinaeeous villiage" throngh on Friday and Saturday next," I quite expect to see them make matters very tropieal for ;the 'combined team of Sydney and New South Wales, on their return to Melbourne. A good deal of money "changed bands here over the ,late match, and the quidnuncs were all out in their reckoning;. in fact Young Australia can't understand .it. What do the Narracoorteans say about it? I reckon they sympathise with Victoria. This'{Wednesday) afternoon a scratch match between the first eleven and eighteen, of the Mount Gambier. Cricket. Club, took place on the OvaL TbCre-'i^nothingivonderfulto record on the part of fhe eighteen^ aiT being dismissed for 26 runs, no double figures being made. The eleven theu went in aha soon topped jthe score of their opponents. Nicholls made top score with 20, Mark Hayes next with 15, and Austin Dodge 10, were the only ones to get into double figures. ' The innings closed for 93 runs. Mark Hayes, who truarlled for the eleven1 was in rare trim. He took ten wickets for something like fourteen runs, and performed the " hat trick," by taking three'wickets in three consecutive balls. Messrs. H. Craker and W. Nicholls .'Captained the l8 and 11 resjiectjvely. . The flower, show in connection with the Mount Gambier Exhibition took place to-day as a tort of grand finale, and was a success. The show of.floWers is a very creditable one, and they are nicdy. displayed outables around the HaU, with - a long=table in the centre of the building, which extends the.whole length of the: hall, The whole affair has a very pleasing effect to the eye, and the management reflects great credit on all concerned. The stage, too is abundantly decorated with floriculture. The promenade concert passed off fairly well, and jndging frpm the amount of " Ea-di-dab," indulged in by rqany, I cannot come to any other conclusion -than 'thatali present enjoyed them-: selves. Of course, I speak for-myself. The large month is; pretty 'generally accompanied by a generous expanse of lips, and women's lips am a thing of such actual delight-that*'the inventor of the fashion of large months doubtless supposed, there copld not be too much of them. .. The United Irishman claims' to have an English Correspondent who reports that a visit to Keykam Dockyard leads him to think that place would.be a, good field of operations. The Achilleg. andNorthumberland are especially suitable for a dynamite attack. The destruction of the Dockyard would be equivalent to the English annual receipts from" Irish taxes.. The Correspondent says it wilt certainly be done. . - -J . Riddle.-r-A correspondent suggests that the following riddle of Cowper'jS should be given to our readers to guess at Christmas time. 1 Solutions are requested i I amJusttwosadhp^TrnwannandFincoM, . And the paren&'ofnumbers that cannot be told. I ara lawful, unlawful, a' duly, a built, 1 am often sold dear, good for nothing when bought. An extraordinary boon and a matter c< course, And yjdd^with ples®irewhen taken byforce. A cardinal Virtue in any medial preparation is " purity of ingredients. The alchemist, who does not shrink from publicly exposing the amalgamations of his alembic, need not apprehend,the ordeal of scienti- 1 fic analysis." "All of the components of Udolpho ; Wolfe's Schbsdam Aromatic Schnapps arc of. extreme, original purity; not' compounds purged of noxious elements, but constituents, in themselves perfectly harmless, and of "the highest possible quality and { proof. j 