?o.?sarc INcrZ?rT. - Mrs. Miller of Moonee Ponds recently lost an arm through a railway accident. A short time since a dressmaker was a victim to a similar loss, and great commiseration was felt by many for the loss of income as well as limb. Not long ago a young German officer was greatly attracted by the novel sight of two ladies dancing together in a private assembly ball-room. The fair one who engaged his attention was she who danced as gentleman; her dress of dark silk was high to the throat, and its sleeves reached to her wrists. Round the throat a snow-white collar was worn, and above this rose a well-formed proudly-carried head and a face of classic beauty, indicating noble characteristics. Gentlemen paid her much attention, but she danced with none. Admiration was so plainly betrayed by the officer that the object could not long remain unconscious; the result was that the lady Withdrew from the dancers and retired to a distant corner. Her melancholy eyes and mournful expres sion interested him still more; he eagerly questioned a friend. "She is the daughter of an English gentleman who some years ago settled here with his family, and she had the misfortune through a railway accident to lose her -." The concluding word was lost, the officer supplied it - "father," and at once sought an introduction and a.ialnce; the latter was refused, the fair head drooping as the request was made. This wound to his feelings so angered him that he told the refusal to his friend, pointing out that the girl who so snubbed him yet noticed him with a troubled yet interested expression. Bitterly he railed at feminine inconsistency; his friend drew him aside for the young girl had approached behind him-and hurriedly explained that she must have seen his admiration and wished to spare him a shock; she had lost in the railway accident-not her father, but her right arm I Hastily the officer sought her and apo!ogised; conversation deepened the feeling created by the beauty of face and the modest bearing, pity ripened into love, and not many weeks ago the betrothal cards of the young couple were forwarded to their friends. So that some good may arise from the troublesome loss of an arm in a railway accident.-Sydney Mail. SATURN THROUGH A LARGE TELESCOPE.--A correspondent writes to the Providence Journal:--"We had a view of Saturn a few evenings since through the fine telescope in Mr. Seagrave's private observatory that will long be remembered for its exceeding beauty. The night is unusually favourable for star gazing, the definition perfect, and the atmosphere serene. The picture is one of surpassing loveliness, the most superb telescopic scene in the heavens. The orb is resplendent in colouring, bluish at the poles, pale yellow elsewhere, crossed by creamy central belts, and flecked with spots that suggest light scudding clouds. There is no appearance of a flattened disc, but the rounded outlines of a sphere, seeming about the size of the full moon, stand out in bold relief against the azure blackness of the sky. Around this softly-glowing centre extend the wondrous rings, opening wide their encircling arms and cradling the planet in their protecting embrace. Every detail of tho complex ring system is sharply defined and vividly painted on the celestial canvas. The outer ring, the inner ring, the dusky or crape ring, the space between the outer and inner ring, and even the division in the outer ring, are plainly visible, while six of the eight moons dot the dark sky with points of golden glow. The six moons we see circle around their primary within an extreme span of four million miles. The beautiful rings lie within the path of the nearest moon and span a space of about 176,000 miles. The narrow, dark space between the inner and outer rings is 1,700 miles broad, and the dusky or third ring extends 9,000 miles within the inner or second ring. AN ENGLISH CLERGYMAN ON SPORTS AND PASTIMES.-- The Rev. R. S. Bakler, rector of Hargrave, ih Northamptonshire, recently gave alecture at Northampton on English Sports and Pastimes, the chair being taken by Sir Henry Dryden, a lineal des cendant of the famous poet. In his pre fatory remarks, Mr. Baker said-" The love of sport and games and fun in general was implanted in human nature by our benefi cent Creator for very wise as well as kind reasons. Human nature would stagnate and grow rusty if it were not for this incite ment to exertion and motion. Sport de veloped the growing body, and kept it in health when grown. It moreover stimu lated and brought out various powers of the mind, and, what was perhaps better still, was good for the spirits, thus benefiting the whole of our triplex constitution. Many games, in a pleasant way, lead to an exercise of courage, endurance, dexterity of eye and hand and foot, judgment and deci sion, memory, patience, good temper, and a good many other qualities wanted in the real business of life. The British nature was, and always had.been, pre.eminent among the nations for a love of sport and fun and friskness in general in her sons and daughters alike; especially were the English given to robust and athletic pursuits, while not coming behind in intellectual gamec like chels. Merrie England she always was; and would be, he hoped; her boys first in mischief everywhere and her girls not far behind. After entering into an interest ing comparison, from personal experience, of English boy and girl nature with that of the young Swedes, who, he said, were very good and very gentle, and did not display the same restlessness and activity as we were accustomed to see in our children, he spoke of the wonder with which the Swedes regarded the game of cricket played by the English community, and stated that sipping coffee, or something stronger, and listening to music in public gardens, was more in their line. He believed our fondness for vigorous and dangerous sports was a good training for the rough work our boys didall over the world; and the first Bishop of New Zealand was none the worse bishop and evangelist for having pulled an oar for Cam bridge in the first university race on the Thames. Nor was a country parson the worst guide to heaven for being a good example to his flock on the cricket-ground. The lecturer pointed out that one great characteristic of human sports and games was war; and that the small round thing called a 'ball' entered into a very large pro portion of games, ancient and modern. He had a list of twenty games played with the ball- football, cricket, croquet, billiards, tennis, fives, racquets, la crosse, marbles, trapball, hockey, golf, bowls, nine-pins, skittles, bagatelle, rounders, polo, pallmall, hurling, besides others now extinct. He thought they might truly and reverently say, Sthank God for the ball.' We lived on a ball, and we lived by balls, in so far as our health depended on games; the only draw back to the praise of the ball being that the terrible game of war was played with balls." Modern sport is more likely to become puri fied by such cordial words of recognition as those uttered by Mr. Baker than by all the unwise and foolish denunciations in which certain sour-tempered and ungenerous individuals are so fond of indulging. We believe in the wisdom and healthy influence of sport, which forms the real salt of life. Tn OmGen o' LONeDO.s.-Apparently the very first London was a Welsh village-an ancient British village, the history-books would say-which crowned the top of Lud gate Hill, near where St. Paul's now stands. The old Welsh, who owned Britain before the English took it, were a race half hunters, half cultivators, as Cresar tells us. In his time the Britons of the south-eastern country, which consists of open cultivable plains, were tillers of the soil, while those of the hilly north-west were still pastoral nomads or savage hunters, dwelling in moveable villages, and having mere empty forts on the hill-tops, to which the whole population retreated with their cattle in case of invasion. These duns, or hill-forts, still exist in numbers over all England, and are generally known as British camps. Now, what made London the centre of the Thames valley ? for that of course was the first step towards making it the metropolis of the British empire. Well, the Welsh tribe which inhabited the lower part of the valley must have originally needed a dun like all their neighbours. But there are not many conspicuous hills in the flat basin of the Thames between Richmond and the sea; and Ludgate Hill was perhaps the best that the Trinobantes of Middlesex could get. Thus as the old Welsh became gradu ally more and more civilized, a regular town grew up around the low dun, and bore from the very first its modern name of London, for no name in England has altered so little with the wear and tear of centuries. It was not without natural ad vantages of situation, for a belt of marshes girt it round on every side, from the estuary of the Lea and Finsbury Flats to the Fleet River and London Fen, where the Strand now stretches. When the Romans con quered Britain, the aspect of affairs changed a little. The conquerors turned the island into an agricultural exporting country, a subsidiary granary for the crowded southern cities which already devoured all the corn of Europe and the Black Sea. All the main Roman roads converged on London because the river could there be crossed; and these roads became the framework for the whole carrying-system of England, till canals and railways revolutionised the highways in the country. The Roman remains occasionally dug up in the city show that Londinium was a place of some pretensions. It was probably even then the largest town in Britain. But perhaps its population may already have amounted to as many as twelve or fifteen thousand souls.-Cornhill Magazine. TERaInsM DISASTER N aM OneneP? AsYvu.--A Scranton telegram to the San Francisco Chronicle, dated February 27, says:-The Catholio orphanage in Hyde Park, Scranton, was burned early this morning. Seventeen children were burned, fourteen boys and three girls. The build ing was the St. Patrick's Orphan Asylum, situated at the corner of Jackson-street and Lincoln avenue, about a mile from the centre of the city. It is occupied by a number of sisters of charity, and under their charge were forty children from six to twelve years of age. The boys and girls occupied separate dormitories on the third floor. At 8.80 o'clock a sister took them to their rooms and locked the doors. De scending the stairs she discovered smoke issuing from a room< on the second story. Opening the door she was driven back by a cloud of smoke. Fire was ruining along the ceiling, making its way.to the upper floor. The sister darted up the stairs, and found the girls' room full of smoke. She ran to the lower floor and started back to get the boys. Smoke was pouring into the hall in blinding clouds, and when about half-way up the stairs the sister met a stranger. She made an effort to pass; but he refused to allow her, saying the boys had been rescued, and it would be dangerous for her to go for them. She reluctantly went back. The alarm brought four fire companies. The flames were raging fiercely when the firemen went to work. They were informed of the belief among the sisters that some children were still in the build ing, and made an effort to reach the upper floor. In a short time the flames were beaten back, and the door of the dormitory burst open. The victims of the fire wnere found beneath their cots. Only two were touched by the fire; but all had evidently been dead some time. FOOT enD iMOUTH DisEE .-TheO Duke Of Brunswick has of late (says the Live-Stock Journal) successfully combated the ravages of this much-dreaded enemy on his estate at Stampen, near Oels, in Prussian Silesim, by treatment with salicylic acid, the well known antiseptic. Instead of several weeks being required to effect a cure, as with the remedies hitherto employed, truly sur prising results have been brought about within a few days by this new treatment. A solution of the acid is prepared by pour ing some hot water on about three table spoonfuls of salicelic acid in an earthen vessel, and adding lukewarm water to make up a gallon. The mouth and feet of the diseased animal should be carefully washed three times a day with this liquid, and the tops of the hoofs well powdered with the dry acid after each ablution. The effect will, moreover, be greatly increased by salicylating the drinking-water of the beasts by the addition of two tablespoonfuls of the acid dissolved in hot- water. During the above treatment great attention must be paid to the perfect cleanliness of the stables or sheds. The dung must be saturated with salicylie acid solution to prevent further in fection, for it is chiefly in the dung that the germs of the disease are to be found. The above treatment has likewise given most satisfactory results in Alsace. A DIrocE OZPIoJ. LaD.--How the MIaoris, in the absence of a divorce court, deal with lapses from female virtue is shown by the following, taken from the Waikato Mail of a late date:-" The inhabitants of Cambridge were aroused from their slumbers yesterday morning by the uproar created by a large number of Maoris who were on a taua or hostile expedition against another hapu to levy murun on them for an act of adultery committed by one of the tribe. The facts are as follows :-A native named Kerekeka of the Ngatihura tribe had lately been suspicious of the too great intimacy of his wife, Wairekeke, with a Ngatiahura named Parstes. On Tuesday night the guilty pair were caught in flagrante delicto; and early on Thursday morning the injured husband, with about three hundred of his hapu, left their camp on the flat below the Duke of Cambridge, and, armed with spears, sticks, &c.;, marched to the encampment of the Ngatiahura in Reid's paddock. By this time a large concourse of European spectators had gathered, including many ladies, who, with characteristic feminine sagacity, had sniffed the little scandal afar off, and who appeared to take great interest in the proceedings. After a lot of excited talk and discussion as to the amount of msrU to be levied, the spoil was produced by the offending tribe, and when various articles had been placed in a heap, a number of young girls clad in white covered it with white sheets and said there was not enough. Paratea, the gay Lothario, who was the cause of the trouble, then deposited his watch on the pile, but a row of scahinos sitting in front said it was not enough. Some £1-notes were then produced and placed in a notched stick, and the claim was satisfied, the Ngatihunras returning with the same noise and disorder which accompanied their advent. The taurn or spoil resulting from the taua is as follows:-A buggy and two horses, four watches, a pig, a puppy (not the Lothario), a saddle-horse, and £14 in money, besides several articles of inferior value, the total value of the loot being estimated at £140. As the different articles were deposited a tally was taken on a long stick. The admirable simplicity of the Maori fashion of transacting this sort of business is worthy of commendation. The tedious and expensive processes of a divorce case or an action for crinm. con. are avoided by the summary retribution enforced by the injured party; the husband and his tribe welcome back the erring fair one who returns to them so richly dowered, and the only ones who have cause to complain are the help of the male culprit, who is not likely to be entrusted by them with a latch-key for the future." STREET IaPOSroRs.--In Hyde Park on a recent Sunday afternoon a crowd gathered round the prostrate and senseless form of a young girl who lay apparently in a fit at the feet of a policeman. There was nothing to indicate that she was shamming, but the bystanders regarded her with an unsympa thetic curiosity, occasioned probably by the prevalence of the fictitious fit in the streets of London. One of the most experienced practitioners in " fits" was recently sen tenced to three months hard labour by the Marylebone police-magistrate. Jocob Gold stein, a Jew glazier, twenty-six years old, was prosecuted by the beadle of the syna gogue chambers for obtaining money and clothes by fraudulent pretences. Goldsotin, who had shaved his head to give color to his story that he had just come out of the fever hospital, appears to have made a living for some years past by the simple expedient of dropping down outside churches and other convenient places, and blowing soap froth from his nose and mouth as he lay on the pavement apparently insensible. When a railway ticket was bought for him he used to take a fit at the first stoppage and get his fare returned. As by such ingenious expedients he has lived for two years at the expense of the charitable, for the next three months he will be provided with board and lodging at the expense of the state.-Pall Mall Gazette. Asrous?ma Fwocr u NEVAnS. MS.x.-A gentleman who recently had occasion to ex plore the chambers, drifts, and caverns of the old deserted Mexican and Ophir mines, says that fungi of every imaginable kind have taken possession of the old levels. In these old mines, undisturbed for years, is found a fungus world in which are to be seen counterfeits of almost everything seen in our daylight world. Owing to the warmth of the old levels and to the pres ence in them of a certain amount of moist ure, the timbers have been made to grow some curious crops. Some of the fungi in the old chambers are several feet in height, and, being snow-white, resemble sheeted ghosts. In places are what at a little dis tance appear to be white owls, and there are representations of goats with long beards, all as white as though carved in purest marble. The rank fungus growth has almost closed some of the drifts. The fungi are of almost every imaginable variety. Some kinds hang down from the timbers like great bunches of anow- white hair, and others are great pulp masses. These last generally rise from the rooks forming the floor of the drifts, and seem to have grown from something dropped or spilled on the ground at the time work was in progress years ago. These growths have in several places raised from the ground rocks weigh ing from ten to fifty and even one hundred pounds. Some of the rocks have thus been lifted more than three feet. In the highaer levels, where the air is comparatively dry the fungi are less massive in structure than below, and are much firmer in texture Some resemble rams' horns, as they grow in a spiral or twisted shape, while others, four or five feet in length and about the thick. ness of a broom-handie, hang from the cap timbers like so many snakes suspended by the tails. One kind, after sending out a stem of the thickness of a pencil, to the length of a foot or two, appears to blossom. at least produces at the end a bulbous mass that has some resemblance to a flower. In all the infinite variety of these underround fungi it is somewhat strange that not one was seen at all like those growing upon the surface in the light of day. Nothing in the nature of toadstools or mushrooms was found. --Virginia City (Noev.) Etnterprin. "'Chine your boots, sir" (says Cassell's Magazine), will by the change of a single letter easily adapt the present cater-cry to that which would become necessaryinthe probably remote-event of the shoe-blackin, machine being employed by those who for a consideration are willing to polish the boots of the public. A boot-blacking machine is the invention of an ingenious Frenchman. Its details are, as might be expected, fewr and simple, comprising mainly a series of circular brushes for cleaning the boot, applying the blacking, and polishing, the motive power for the same being supplied by a treadle that imparts the requisiterotary motion. The chief point in connexion with the machine has reference particularly to the method of applying blacking to the brush specially devoted to that humble but most useful substance. Henry Constable, the jockey, who both rode and trained for Lord Rosebery last yrear until broken health compelled him to relin quish both duties, died in his 28-th -ear, after a lingering illness. It was discovered some time ago that he was suffering from "Bright's," and he had to leave Newmarket at the end of last season after achlevin" great success as a young trainer for Lord oosebery, who was present with the countess at his death. In 1878, Constable headed the list of winning jockeys with a score of 110; and in his time he has won the Cam bridgeshire, the Chesterfield Cup at Good wood, the Liverpool Summer Cop, and the Lincolnshire Handicap, trwice each. The Derby (on Sefton), Ebor Handicap, Port land Plate, Great Yorkshire Handicap, Woodcote, Clearwell, Dewhurst Plate, and Liverpool Cup may also be reckoned among his many .great triumphs. They were talking about expenses, says the Galveston News, and how some men get rich. Said one: "My butcher and baker have made money enough out of me to build themselves splendid houses." Rle sponded the other: "The bar-keepers I patronize have built whole blocks out of what I owe them." John Hughes of St. Louis sleeps with a pistol under his head to use against bur glars. His wife got.up uncommonly early the other morning and went to work in the kitchen. He heard her moving about, took her to be a burglar, and shot her. The wound was slight however, and a new bonnet healed it. Josh Billings thus explains the difference between the words "mistake" and '" blun der. If a man puts down a poor umbrella and picks up a good one it is a mistake; if he puts down a good umbrella and picks up a poor one it is a blunder. A boy who had been engaged in a fight was reproved by his aunt, who told him he ought always to wait till the other boy "pitched upon him." " Well," exclaimed the little Ciesar, "but if I wait for the other boy to begin I'm afraid there won't be any fight." A missionary, writing home from Chins, says that the Chinese use little fire, and measure cold by the thickness of jackets. Three jackets cold is moderately cool; six jackets cold is keen; and from ten to fifteen jackets cold is extremely severe. Josh Billings says, " The world is filling up with educated fools-mankind read too much and learn too little." 