MR MURRAY SMITH and Mr KERFERD will not have raised themselves in the estimation of the country by their speeches on the reform question last Thursday evening, for greater nonsense, and more extraordinary misrepresentation, than they were guilty of, have rarely been indulged in in that Chamber. The burden of their speeches was that the Government had gone back entirely upon its past declarations upon the subject by its new bill, and that the scheme had been stolen almost holus bolus from the measure of the Conservative party. The answer to these absurd statements is so very distinct and complete that it is really astounding two members, who have generally a good reputation in the political world, could have been guilty of such discourteous and daring assertions. Mr BERRY distinctly stated when introducing the second reading of the bill last Tuesday that he would have preferred either of his old schemes, but he asked Parliament to adopt the new one because it had received the express sanction of the community, and in that respect it differed from the originals, because, virtually in the one case and distinctly in the other, they had been rejected by the same power. All this implied that the Ministry simply asked the House to pass the new bill, as the authority charged to cany out the country's decree, and not because any change had taken place in its own opinions. Therefore, to accuse the Ministry of tergiversation in this matter was about as great an outrage upon all propriety and common decency as could well have been committed. But Mr MURRAY SMITH and Mr KERFERD must surely have a very small opinion of the intelligence of the community to talk such buncombe as they did in this respect last Thursday evening, or they would never have had the bad taste to assail the Government in this spirit. Equally out of joint with all fact was the charge that the new scheme has been stolen from the SERVICE measure, and to make this denial clear and overwhelming we make the following comparison of the two bills: THE GOVERNMENT \ THE SERVICE BILL. \ BILL. \ Forty-two members, \ Thirty provinces, each \ and twelve pro- \ returning one mem- \ vinces. Members to \ ber ; each member be thirty years- of to sit for six years; age, and to have no property qualification for members. fication ; members £150 property quali- Ten members to re- to sit for six years. tire every two years. Freehold voters' Every ratepayer a qualification, £10 a British subject, and year; leaseholders' twenty-one years of qualification, £20 a to have a vote. year. Both Houses Kb plural voting in a province. to be dissolved if the Council rejected a measure passed the Assembly in two consecntivesessions; if again rejected, the bill to be disposed of by a joint sitting. No foreign matter to • be introduced into the "Appropriation Bill. T wo-thirds of . the Couiicil to have the power of ordering any vote in tile Estimates to bs Bent up to tliat House in a separate measure. It will here be ^en that only in one item, namely, the tenure of seats for six years, do these two bills agree. In all other respects they are as wide apart,as the two poles of the earth; and therefore, for Mr MURRAY SMITH and Mr KERFERD to assert that there is an assimilation between the two measures is to talk tlie most unmitigated nonsense, and to indulge in the most tui- justifiable misrepresentation, ever perhaps heard of. The real truth is that Mr SERVICE stole the Liberal idea, since for many years before Mr BERRY took the matter in hand in 1877, the habitual cry qf the liberals was ior a reduced qualification for both members and voters, while it was the liberals who formu- lated the Norwegian scheme which Mr SERVICE adopted. Hence the boot is 'entirely npon the other foot in this case, and there is no getting away from this accusation. Moreover, Mr BERRY has all through this agitation, or since 1677, distinctly avowed that he did not care how he got to the end desired, so long as something was supplied that would enable him . to reach it. So that no member' could be less open to the charge of tergiversa- tion than Mr BERRY is in this matter; and as Ins colleagues all through concurred with him, they must be held equally guiltless. The speeches delivered by Mr MURRAY SMITH and Mr KERFERD on Thursday evening last, were, therefore, not only replete with bad taste and misrepresentation, but they were also founded upon a very strong element of injustice. The real question, however, for the public is not what flights of the imagination Mr MURRAY SMITH and Mr KERFERD may indulge in, although it is necessary the above facts should be laid before-the public, in order that they may see, in their naked colors, the fanciful deliverances, and the departure from fact, which the Conservatives habitually.indulge in to damage, if possible, the reputation of their political opponents. The question is, will the bill now. before the House bring the Council into harmony with public opinion, or will it not; and everything else is minor to this consideration. We believe it will, because the tendency of the change will be to make the Upper House" democratic; and when it becomes this, it will rather work in harmony, than in conflict, with the Lower Chamber. In which case we shall have no more deadlocks, and no more h»"g»r»g up of bills in the interests of party and property, .but in their place a desire to labor for all interests, in every case to respect the opinioii.of the country. Hie new bill we firmly believe will bring about all these results; and if it does it will answer remarkably well, although it may not contain eveiything that a year or two back was sought. The above digest of results is all that concerns the country; and before it the heap of "clotted", nonsense that is talked by the Conservatives about stealing their ideas on the one hand, or of changes of front on the other, sinks into complete insignificance, and becomes nothing else than clear and un- adulterated imposture. As to the Ministerial, part of the matter, all the Government has to do is to defend the bill upon the baas, that the country has expressly elected to have it in force. This is an all sufficient warrant for pushing the Government scheme; and beside it all opposition becomes as impertinent as it should prove delusive. The bill may not be everything that could be desired. But it bears the stamp of the country's approval, constitutionally expressed and any member, therefore, who records his vote against it will do neither more nor less than grossly insult the people by his defiant and unseemly conduct The whole case is summed up in these words; and violence would only done to the community at large "by giving any other aspect to the subject. THE Report of the Minister of Public Instruction for 1879-80 has made its appearance, and the results brought out are certainly of a very gratifying nature. Everything appears to be progressing most favorably with the working of the schools; and there is scarcely a blur in the whole case made out by the Minister o£ Education to dim the pleasing character of the record. Certainly a falling off is apparently shown in the total number of children enrolled during the year, concurrently with an increase in the net number of new schools opened; and the enemies of the Act will no doubt try to make a good deal of capital out of the seeming declension. But the difference disappears when the true facts are explained; and then a very substantial increase is shown to prove the success with which the system is generally working. In 1878-9 the number of children enrolled, often in duplicate, was 231,169; while there were 1664 schools in operation. In1879^80 there were 227,775 children, also often duplicated, on the rolls, and 1713 schools open. Here we have an increase of 49 schools, and a decrease of 3394 scholars; and at the first blush the two sets of figures do not excite the most pleasing reflections. But the disparity disappears at once when the facts are explained, for then the following results are established. Firstly, that the rolls were purged last year of the names of children who formerly had been attending two, three, or more schools; secondly, that a great diminution had • been "secured in tiie number of children moving about from school, to school; and, thirdly, that 28 night-schools were closed last year, as they ceased to attract a sufficient attendance. The result of all the calculations which these changes produce goes to show .that while only 189,455 distinct children were really under instruction in 1878- 9, there were 193,588 distinct children thus being dealt with in 1879-80. So that there was a real increase of 4133 children attending the schools last year, although apparqptly the number had declined as stated in a previous sentence. This is a very satisfactory increase for one yearto bring out, becauseit shows that the desire for instruction is well keeping pace with the increase in the population; and more tiian this is not to be looked for. An equally agreeable feature in the report is that the percentage of average attendance is also on the increase, for while in tills respect the attendance was only 50-44 in 1878 9, it "was 52*35 in 1879-80. That this shows a gratifying rate of progression will be well understood when we say that it places Victoria at the top of. the tree for average attendance' - amongst the Australian colonies, as the following figures will prove:—New South Wales, 46 57; South Australia, 47-34;' Queensland, 51*75; Victoria, 52-35. Intheface of all the above figures, it is plain that our educational system is taking firm root, and advancing as. cheeringly as, considering the difficulty pf teaching the children in the ruraldistricts, could be hoped for or expected at present.' Another gratifying feature in the report is that " the discipline and moral tone of the schools contikne to be well reported ot. It is. Gatirfactoiy to know that the restric- tions placed on the infliction of corporal punishment hasnotbeenattendedby any of the ill results that .some anticipated. : Those teachers who "were. prone to an indiscriminate use of the cane have had no difficulty in adopting other means of correction, which they have found equally effective for the maintenance of discipline." As we have all through heartily supported Major SMITH in very materially curtailing the flagellation which before his time prevailed in the schools, we need hardly say that we are right glad to find that the humanising system introduced by that gentleman into the schools has proved so satisfactory and efficacious. Indeed, it could do no less, for all experience goes to show that the more children are brutalised by flogging, the more likely are they to "kick over the traces," and generally to show a disinclination for scholastic duty. There is one feature in the report, however, that is not so pleasing; and this one is that eighteen cases of falsification of rolls by that number of teachers were discovered by the department last year. Thirteen of die cases, not being very pronounced, were dealt with by fines, but five of them were so flagrant that the guilty teachers were dismissed. Major SMITH says it is his intention to deal severely with all teachers who offend in the like manner again; and everybody will cordially endorse this determination. The remainder of particulars in the report calls for no remark. The tenor of the whole production goes to show that everything is going on remarkably well with the schools, and that the Victorian people have every reason to be proud and pleased with the progress that is being made with one of the most excellent systems'of public instruction that has yet been brought into application. Time will no doubt improve it still more that is when all the gutter children are swept into the net, and truancy is almost, if not wholly, extinct But in tiie meantime the schools are doing good work; and eveiything shows that while parents eagerly embrace the advantages they supply, the management of the department is both zealous and effective. The Assize Court was continued yesterday at the court-house. Lydiard street, before his Honor Mr Justice Stephen. Constable Clark was charged with larceny as a bailee of the sum of 10s 6d, entrusted to him by one Christopher Tudor, of Smythesdale, on the 2nd of August last. The accused was, acquitted. A charge of perjury, arising out of the larceny case, was withdrawn. Cornelius Noonan surrendered to his bail to answer a charge of having indecently assaulted a little girl named Sarah Maiston, aged ten years. This case was not quite concluded when the court rose, a few minutes before six o'clock, and adjourned till half- past nine o'clock this morning. We are compelled to hold over our report till Monday. The numerous friends of Mr Thomas King will regret to learn that he died early yesterday morning, never having' regained. consciousness since the attack of apoplexy with which he was seized on Wednesday evening. The deceased gentleman was the oldest of our local professional musicians, and while familiar to ail theatre-goers as orchestra leader at various times and places, in private life was highly esteemed for his sterling good qualities. Thbse who knew him best will miss him most. Tlie corpse will leave the Edinburgh Castle hotel, for the Masonic Hall, at half-past two o'clock, and the funeral will leave the Masonic Hall at half-past three o'clock sharp. All attending are requested to approach the Masonic Hall through Mair" street, up Camp street. The cortege will pass up Sturt street and along Armstrong street to the Old Cemetery. The musicians of Ballarat arc invited to follow the remains of their late leader to their last restiug-place. Members of the several Masonic lodges in the district are also invited by advertisement in another column to make the necessaiy arrangcmects. The fire mentioned in our yesterday morn inti's issue as having broken out at Mr J. Hickman's Union Focndry, Drummond street, proved very destnictive, but though a greal part of the buildings was burned and much valuable machinery destroyed, the fire did not attain the immense proportions it, at the tim«» our notice was written, threatened to. It was, however, by far the largest which has occurred in the city for niauy years, and the glare ^ and blaze it made reminded residents~strongly of tlie burning of the old .5 /'Un.-lin Charlie Napier. 1 llil.T- The Tllo pattern nq^An, -.—I- shop .. and lofts of the foundry were utterly destroyed; aud patterns that would cost, were it necessary to replace iliem," something like £12,000, were all burned up or rendered worthless. The fitting-shop was badly burned, and much valuable machinery ren- dered temporarily or permanently useless. The fire has thrown about 100 men out of employment; and, though insurance covers a great part of his loss, Mr Hickman is a heavy sufferer. Full particulars of this disaster will be found in another column. Arrangements have been made, we understand, by which the work of tlie foundry will bs resumed in a very short time. His Honor Mr Justice Stephen remarked at the sitting t)f the assizes yesterday that the Ballarat court was tlie most difficult one in tlie colony to obtain a hearing in, and this remark was fully borne out when a number of witnesses had to repeat their answers to questions put them several times before they could be distinctly heard. This resulted in a great loss of time, and was the cause of much annoyance and inconvenience to his Honor and the bar. At a meeting of the Union Foundry employes, held in tlie works last evening, it was unanimously resolved to go to work, remove the debris, and place the establishment in the same position for work as it was before the disastrous fire occurred, and to do this wort gratuitously, in consequence of the patternmakers losing the whole ot their tools, the meeting unanimously resolved'to assist them by voting the sum of £40 out of the accident fund towards replacing the loss. Further particulars of this fire, in addition to wliat .we published yesterday, will be found in another column. A fracos, which may lead'to legal proceedings, took place yesterday, in Ballarat East. It appears "that Mr- Porter, on the alleged ground of prior right, fenced off a piece of the Duchess Company's ground; and the manager, Mr La vis. determined to have the fence removed. In view of possible hotilities, Mr La vis took a couple of policemen with him, said, in company with a number of his .miners, went to the obnoxious fence. .Some parley ensued, the outcomc of which was, as we heard, that Mr Porter should not offer any overt, opposition to the fence bciug knocked down, but that tiie dispute shonld be settled 1>y law. The fence was accordingly knocked down; but just afterwards Mr Portia- struck one of thenienon $be ncck with, apiece of quartering, and stunnedhiin, after »vhich he retreated into his house. The mail was taken to the Hospital,, where it was found that he had suffered no material injury. English cholera is quite prevalent in Ballarat just now. We see that the same complaiutis very general also at Sandhurst. A painter, named Patrick Ryan, who has been "latterly working at a threshing macliine, at Gordon, {was admitted into the Hospital yesterday for treatment Co some severe. lacerations of his right hand, sustained aceidentally when working on the machine mentioned. At the meeting of the Town Council last night a large amount of busines was got through very speedily and effectively, the meeting being concluded by about half-past eight o'clock. Among the tenders accepted by the conncil was one for replacing the present dilapidated wooden fence round the Town Hall gardens with an ornamental iron railing, a work that, it may be remarked, has. not been undertaken any too soon. Some of the deer which shonld have been in the*-enclosure devoted to them at the south of the Botanical Gardens got free yes- -fcerday morning, - aad- tlie -business of captaring them provided several of the employes at the gardens, and a few aajateur huntsmen, with gentle breathers.- It was a genial sight to see «^glit-or nine vigorous youths, makiog their nist offerings to Diana, cluster from various points towards a place where an escaped deer could 1>e seen. They would dose in upon that graceful, pretty Little animal with hopeful anticipation illumining their faces, aod smiles of expected success wreathing countenances red with robust health, and the excitement "of a fast hundred o^, two. Such an expenditure of coaxings would take place as they drew up to the pretty creature. But the pretty creature would not be coaxed, did not want to be pawed, and in a couple of bounds - would take itself out of reach, and the anticipation and smiles out of the eight or nine laces. The youths, forgetful of the fact that a deer is, as a rule, a speedy animal,- would then start considerably m, the rear of the deer, and get even more astern as time and the deer passed on. Hie pretty creature, in a humorous vein, took to the water, and. the blood of some of its pursuers being fairly up, they took to the water too. In this unequal race, of loae away from several, the deer, but for its fleetness, had no show; but, feeling fit, in a jaunty spirit it tried to break through a cordon carefully formed round it for the severalty time, and was caught at last, The wreathed smiles returned to the ruddy faces as the deer, dying like the proverbial child that "found a marble and broke a window," was roped and led in triumph to the deer enclosure, feeling about as mean as a deer ever did. The fore- ^ was something of the programme of tlie deer hunts which enlivened the peaceful solitudes of the gardens yesterday, until the escaped darlings were once more behind the high railings erected to keep people away from them. The City mayor has proclaimed next Monday a half- holiday, as the annual regatta takes place at Lake Wendouree on that day. A meeting of the board of advice for the east riding of Ballaratshire, was held at the Bald Hills school on the 17th instant. Present — Messrs Edwards, Parker, and Lester.' The following correspondence was received:—From the department, acknowledging the receipt of deeds for the conveyance of site for new school at Ascot; from the same, requesting returns of private schools; from tlie same,' promising to remove door of porch at Tonrello; from the same, stating that the building inspector had been instructed to effect sundry repairs at Coghill's Creek, Mineisrest, and Blowhard, to meet the views of the board; from same, informing the board that it was not considered necessary or desirable to close schools on account of the prevalence of measles; from the same granting three special holidays to enable the schools to visit the Exhibition; from Mr Thomsett (of Graham's Hill) and Mr Donaldson (of Coghill's Creek), reporting cases of measles; and from Mr Judkins, of Tourello, with returns of attendance, &c.; The correspondent was' directed to write again to the department as to the repairs so i required at Coghill's Creek, and request that the school grounds at Blowhard and Bald Hills may be fenced in at once, to allow of their being jtlanted in the season. It was left to Messrs Edwards and Lester to forward the erection of the new school at Ascot as soon as the deeds were , . , . _ n j . ., „ rompleted. Average attendance at the Bald+ Hills Pfh school nnl for tor the trie last I nr.I, quarter, rmartpr 52; 57- number nnmhpr on the roll, 110; inspector's percentage, 8S-129. A very pleasant evening was passed yesterday evening in the City Fire Brigade Hall, on the occasion of a tea and eoucert under the auspices of the Independent Order of Good Templars, Prince Albert Lodge. About 200 ladies and gentlemen sat down to -an ex- cellent tea, provided by Mr M'Kenzie, and at the concert which followed the hall was crowded. Br Evans, G.W.V.T., presided; and besides the following programme, the audience, as an evidence of their appreciation, insisted upon encores all round :— Overture (piano), Master L. Williams ; " See, our oars," company ; song, Miss A. Musgrove; " Pilgrim of Love," Mr Russell : " Mother's with the angels," Miss Teal; song (comic), Miss G. Hugan; " Wishing Cap," Miss Musgrove; " Down by the deep sea," Mr T. Wright; " The Flower Girl," Miss F. Watson; double song and dance, Messrs M'Gavin and Carvosso; " Flirting with me," Mr J. Weir; " Very improper," Mr Hugan and Miss Musgrove; '' Hail, smiling morn," company; " Bonnie boy in blue," Miss Teal; song (comic), Mr Hugan; song, Miss A. Musgrove; " Down among the coals," Mr T. Wright ; song. Miss S. Musgrove; " Come, Bobby, come," Miss Watson; "When the swallows homeward fly," Mr Harrison; song, Mr Russell; " Hurrah for a farmer's life." Mr John Weir; clog dance, Master J. M'Gavin. The performance concluded with the laughable farce, " The Digger's Troubles." Landlord, Mr T. Wright; traveller, Mr J. Weir; ghost, Mr Harrison. Mr J. Weir conducted very efficiently. The eighth heat in connection with the Ballarat City Rowing Clubs scratch fours was rowed ou Friday night, by crews stroked by Messrs Farr aad Kay. After a gooirace, Farr won by three lengths. The names of the winners were then drawn for the second round of heats, with the following result:— M'Rae's crew, stroked by Axford, beating Lyle's crew by a few lengths, after a very good rac?. In the next heat, Baker met Aikins. After the start Baker lost liis oar, leaving 3..': ,1 ,T Aikins AilrinG to trv row mV in ill as he llO liked. lltnl For Piir the next heat Hollander met Johns, and surprised his friends by rowing a grand race, wiuniDg by several lengths;' MTntosh and Farr rowing the next heat, and after a game race, Farr landed his men tlie winners. M'Rae's crew, stroked by Axford, against Aikins'crew, commenced the third round of heats, and altera very plucky race, Aikins won by several lengths. Hollander and Farr meet to- night at'six o'clock, and the winner of this heat will row Aikins' crew for the final heat on Monday morning, when agrandraceisexpected. Great interestandexcitcmcnt has taken placc over tl9e above races; the. boatsheds being crowded with friends and admirers of the -several competitors, Lieutenant M. L. Matthews, as usual, giving general satisfaction as starter, Mr A. Gibbs a3 judge, aud Mr A Marks, timekeeper. The accident to Mr J. Maguire, at the Trunk Lead claim, Haddou, was not caused by a rope broking, as we stated or; Thursday. The rope in use was almost new, &eu1; more than strong enough for the purpose for wliich it is being used. A slab of wood had b-3en placed across the' jump-up for the purpose of standing on, and it was this that came down with Maguire. A but belonging to a Chinaman named Ah Kay, and situated at the foot of the Red HiU, Blackwood, caught fire on Thursday evening. The flames were seen to issue from the chimney, which was built of wood. Before the men who were working closc by could reach the spot, the building was in Sanies. A large sum in bank-notes, wliich was ia the hut at the time, was lost. At the Town Police Court yesterday morning, Mr Russell, J.P.4 presided. A youth named Scott dough was fined 5s for having made use of obscene language in a public place on the previous night. An inspection of the Prince of Wales lii^ht Horse took place last night at the Alfred HalL About twenty members were present, and were put through a number of field movements and' review practices by Captain Wilson, assisted by Lieutenant Whyte. The landlord of the Scotchman's Arms hotel reported to the town police yesterday the theft of a dress from his hotel on Thursday evening. We have been shown a very elegant silver tea and cofice service, also a very handsome tea urn, which have been presented to Mr F. R. Leach, tcaclier of the Gravel HiU State school, Sandhurst by the pupils who attended his private class last year, ia grateful recognition of the care he exercised in their training. The whole six pupils were candidates at the late matriculation and civil service examinations, and all of them passed. Tlie urn bears the following inscription :—"" Presented to Mr F. R. Leach by has pupils who matriculated December, 1SS9." The following is a copy of an address to be presented, we learn, this afternoon:— "To George Williams, Esq., past secretary of the Ballarat Branch of the Amalgamated Miners' Association of Victoria.—Dear Sir, —Wc, the undersigned feel honored and highly gratified in haying been appointed by the above association to present to you from your fellow members this address and the accompanying gift of a gold guard and locket, as & memorial and slight acknowledgment of tlie valuable services you have, rendered in fulfilling the onerous and. responsible duties of secretary during the psst nine months. The many estimable qualities, you have shown, the zeal and ability that you have displayed, Coujileil with your gentlemanly high sense of honor, your courtesy, kindness, and strict ^'impartiality. ..in dirachaiging your duties," hive gamed "for you their approbation. bad esteem; and they deem mis a fitting-opportunity for giving expression to the deep appreciation and great regard in which you arc held amongst them. They ancerely hope you may be long spared to carry out yourgof>d principles in the faithful and exemplary manner which has characterised your career as fie first secretary of the association; and in whatever sphere of life yon may be placed, they wish you every roaperiiy and happiness.—W« remain. &c.;, f'resident, B&BTOK; committee, J. M. FKHEE, iso. FRASEE. " T. K TBEZISE, secretary. Ballarat, 18th February, 1881." The addres, which has been handsomely drawn up by Mr Lanslcy, can be seen at that gentleman's office to^day. The Minister of Public Instruction will receive several deputations this morning at the City Hall at eleven o'clock. Those interested in the success of the Ballarat Auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society, will be pleased to hear that a remittance was sent to the parent society at the beginning of February of £90, as also £3 from tiie branch at Beaufort. The officers desire to express their thanks to the lady collectors, through whose exertions the above sum was received; also to the sub- whose support was so generously given. At the annual meeting of the Protestant Mutual Benefit Society, held on Tnesday evening at the Buck's Head hotel, Mr E. Franklin chairman, the following members were elected to office for the year 18S1:—Mr Charles Stewart, chairman; Air J. A Pittard, secretary; Mr John Griffith, treasurer; Messrs Bowsell and Purvis, directors; and Messrs Lumsden, Varco, and Peady,-trustees. The members' roll shows a slight decrease. The funds are:—Income for 18S0, £382; expenditure, £325 17s 93; credit balance, £572 2s7d; liabilities, niL The branches are reported free from sickness. The anniversary of the Bible Christian Sunday school was celebrated on Tnesday and Wednesday last. On Sunday three sermons were preached to very Luxe congregations, in tlie morning by Mr Martin Hosking, afternoon by the Bev. J. Teague, evening by the Bev. T. J. Cory. The church was crammed on each occasion, a great number being unable to gain admittance. The collections were far in advance of previous years. On Tuesday a public tea was provided in the schoolroom by some of the lady teachers, the tables being presided over by the Misses Pearee, Kowe, Trembath, Stephens, Williams, and Splrgo. -There were nearly two hundred sat dowji to tea. An entertainment in the church followed, and was presided over by Mr J. Whykes, the church being well filled. The chairman opShed the meeting with a few appropriate remarks, and proceeded to go through a very long programme, which consisted of Bulging by the choir, under the leadership of the Messrs Thomas, to whom great praise is due for the manner in wdich they have trained the yonng and old, Recitations by the scholars under the. tuition of Miss Spargo, and addresses by the Revs. Orchard, Dean, and Cory, and Mr T. Morcom, followed. The secretary read the annual report, which showed the school to have made far greater progress this last than for many years previous. The total proceeds of the anniversary was over £34. The usual votes of thanks closed' the entertainment. On Wednesday the atlnual icnic o{ tlle sollool ^ place /t — . ... - r . - . the Botanical Gardens, particulars of which have already been published in these columns. Mr Ware, caretaker of the Alfred -Hall, called upon us yesterday, to state that on opening his door yesterday morning be found a heavy^lank placed on end against his door, which fell, striking him severely on the forehead, and inflicting a nasty wound. The police think they have ja, clue to the offenders. A tea and public meeting was held in the Temperance Hall, Buninyoug, on Wednesday evening, under the auspices of the Garibaldi Tent, LO.R. Br W. Ward (Eldorado), B.C.R. Hill (Brunswick), Br Souter (Minersrast) wcro present, aud addressed the meeting. A number of delegates attccdiqg the aunual meeting were present, and expressed themselves pleased with the efforts of the Buainyong brethren to m^.ke their visit enjoyable. After an excellent repast, presided over by the young ladies in a creditable manner, had been consumed, Br Milner presided over the meeting, and an excellent programme was presented to a large and appreciative audience by the chairman (Sir Milner), Br King, Br J. T. Vercoe, Br Rev. Souter, and Br Ward. Votes of thanks to the chair, choir and harmonist, speakers and rcciters were given and responded to suitably by Br Rev. Souter, E. Scarborough, and J. T. Vercjje. The National Anthem brought the meeting to a close. The lovers of the rare and beautiful may gratify their pleasure by a visit to the establishment of Messrs Coles and Pearcey, Windermere, where in aloe in bloom can" be seen. The rapid growth of the fiower stem was remarkable, it having run np over 25 feet within eight weeks. " An Outside Shareholder's" letter is written with very faint blue ink, and out of respect for our compositors' eyes, we have had to lay it aside. Several other letters haye been lately consigned to the wastepaper basket from the same cause. "Truth's" letter is too abusive for publication. '**Bruno's" letter is declined, because the contents are written on blue paper, and we have before aimcuccc-d that we will not publish any letter that is written upon other than white paper. " Subscriber's" letter is not suited to our columns, and therefore it is naniberad among the rejected. "J.W.'s" letter is written on blue paper, and for the same reason as we have already given it is refused publication. The Brown Hil! Mutnal Improvement Association held its usual weekly meeting in the hall last Wednesday evening; Mr James, president, in the chair. Mr Williams gave a reading :adicg on the "Xigg< '' "Vun^.-'r question." Mr Hoskiiig delivered ⅈ r.'; aad interesting I lecture cu "Beyond the grave," which was ° ' atteunvely listened to by a crowded audience. Several members aud visitors gave recitations, which were well and creditably gone through. The attendance at" the Exhibition on Thursday war; as follows:—By single tickets, 5039; season ticket-holders, 103 ; miscellaneous, 1-2C0; total, 64G2. The coming Eisteddfod on St. David's Day promises to a similar kind previously held m Ballot. Altogether over 120 entries fo.' the various competitions have been received, including eight choirs, and amongst the vocalists and instrumentalists Clunes, Creswick, Mary- borough, and Egcrton will be well represented. The ship Hereford has been bronght round to Queensclitf safely, for _she was anchored opposite to that township last night. We have several letters, held overthrou^i pressure on our space, but we hope to -piTblisli them all in a day or two. The action of the Minister of Railways in handing over the patronage of liis department to the permanent head, appears (says the Telegraph) to be gradually meeting with the approval of liis fellow Ministers. Major Smith, Ihc Minister of Education, has torwarded circulars to his colleagues suggesting the advisability of considering, at the next Cabinet meeting, the question of whether tiie whole of the members of the Government should not follow the lead which has been given them by the Minister of Railways. As the six p.m. train from Williams town to Melbourne was approaching the Footscray station (says the Age) on Thursday, an when al»ut 80 yards from the same, the driver observed a man, with a bag of tools on his back, walking leisurely along by the side of the line. He immediately applied fie Woods brake, and brought the train to a standstill at a distance of about lOyards from* the man. Mr Patterson (says the Argus) appears to have given offence, for Mr Tucker gave notice on Thursday-that on Tuesday he will ask whether the speech of the Minister of Railways at Yea is to be taken as an indication that the Government favor ^a system of immigration at the expense of the State. The Sydney Treasurer (says the Age) states that last year 5725 tons of flour, 55,301 bushels of wheat, 16,380 tons of potatoes, 55,301 bushels of bran, and 79S2 tons of hay were imported into New South Wales from; Victoria. The San Francisco correspondent of the Argus supplies the following items of theatrical intelligence:—"Sir Andrew Birrell died, in San Francisco on the 9th January. Re came over from Launceston during the gold excitement, and was tile first to introduce opera in San Francisco, and after sevezaa years* associations with Manager Maguire, to whom bis wife was also engaged ns an actress, he became treasurer jmd actual manager of the Metropolitan. He was also dramatic agent Of Mr G. S. Cappia in •California. KeamaS3eda. fortune. Miss Eleanor Carey and Tred. de Belleville are with Palmer's -MTaJae-. Friend' company, in Chicago. Bobert M'Wade aud Annie Louise by Hayman and Bteeocksf Thefiret-named is a Rip Van WMsfe of the JeOfersonian school, the second ' Kazeppa' a ia Menken. Amory Sullivan, eldest son of tins tragedian, has undertaken the masogement rf the Standard, with Fred. I,j»ter as mnaeal director." Tbere must be good lantf {remarks tie CrestCTot Advertiser) in the Glengower Estate; Mr M. H. Baird informs lis that from' 3Gr acres he got 50 tons of hay and 1290 bushels The latter went 80 bushels to the A late teacher in the Prince Alfred school, Talbot, writing from Dunedin, New Zealand, gives (says the Talbot Leader) a glowing account of the State sahool system sf- that colony. He says:—"We have no tenant officers here, bat by means of varices rewards tinrattendasre is far more regular tban is ordinarily the case in Victoria. Nicely printed and framed certificates are distributed to the children who have not been absent from school a single half day during the year, and others of a similar description to those who have not been absent more than six times. These certificates—which are sufficient to cause a regular attendance— entitle the holders to a prize, ranging in value from 9d to 2s 6d. There is a great demand for male teachers, particularly Victorians; and any coming over who nave had any training at all are- sore of situations, almost on landing. They must be content to begin at £150 per annum, but promotion is rapid. Mr Pryde, the Secretary of Education, informed me that there are many openings for teachers." As showing (writes the Cremnck Advertiser) the impetus ^which the mining industry gives to tile formation of suburban townships, we may instance Allaiidale as a case in point. Only a few weeks since, the new site of the Speculation hotel was a tenantless waste, but it is now thickly studded -with cottages, superior in every respect to many of those which were erected at Broomfield at the outset of our mining ventures in that direction. Allandale has now four hotels, three of which are large and afford comfortable accommodation, two or three general stores, butcher's shop, &c.; Messrs R. Murray Smith and Joseph Jones (says the Talbot Leader) will address the electors at the borough hall, Talbot, on Friday evening next. The Police Board (says the Argus) is still far from constituted. Only three members —Messrs J. EL Graves, J. Gibb, mid G. C. Levey—have as yet consented to act Mr T. Oddie, of Ballarat, has declined,' and the difficulty with regard to the chairman has yet to be settled. An individual, travelling under the name of Henry George Fitzgerald De Beaumont, and who has appropriated the title of count, was arrested (says the Age) on Friday on a charge of larceny as a bailee of three gold watches from Marc Grassett, little Collins street west, on the 29fcli .January, to whom lie repreeeated that be could find a good customer. Since that time he passed a valueless cheque on a French laundress at Hotham for £50, and received £25 in cash for it. The "count" had obtained the entree into polite society in Melbourne. About Christmas he visited his Excellency the Governor, and' was on more than one occasion a visitor at Government House. At the earliest opportunity the count hinted to his Excellency that he was in want of funds, and requested the Governor- to have the goodness to telegraph to the Duke of Leinster, who he stated Was a near relative. This want of money on the part of a nobleman made Lord Nonnanby suspicious, and Captain Le Patourcl was despatched to the detective office to make enquiries about Count Dc Beaumont. The result of the investigations of the private secretary was to cause his Excellency to refrain from communicating with the noble duke, and Count De Beaumont's visits to Government House came to an abrupt close. On Thursday he is said to have visited a jeweller's place of business, and ordered £300 worth of jewellery, but fie did not receive it. Dc Beaumont is about forty-five years of age, and was considered by socicty to possess very polished manners. Seme time ago (says the Kynctmi Guardian) a farmer residing in the Kynctou district resalved to test the properties of several chemical manures, and accordingly sowed carrots and mangolds in a number of patches of land, 12 yards square, which had previously been manured with different chemicals. The soil was light sandy loam, and favorable for the experiment. The following is the result:—Carrots—Califoraian bone meal, 250 lb; -Victorian bone meal, 373 lb; white sulphate of lime, 426 lb; grey sulphate of lime, 491 lb; blue flour, 286 lb; guano, 334 lb; no manure, 2&» lb. Mangolds—Califoraian bone meal, 561 - lb; Victorian bone meal, 814 lb; white sulphate of lime, S41 lb; grey sulphate of lime, 771 lb; bone flour, 514 lb; guano, 9SS lb; no manure, 5Sib. The Rev. W. Seccombe will preach tomorrow at Mount Doran, Lai Lai, and Yendon respectively. As to-morrow will lie the last Sunday the rev. gentleman will preach at those places, previous to his departure for Heathcotc, to which circuit he has been appointed by the conference, doubtless there will be large congregations at each place. Tlie half-yearly services will beheld in the Congregational Church, Dawson street, to morrow. In the morning the pastor will prcach, and in the evening the Rev. Wm. Henderson. Mr C. Paynter, late organist of the Blind Asylum. Melbourne, announces in our advertising' columns this morning, that he has commenced the practice of his profession as a teacher of the organ and pianoforte. Mr Paynter will be remembered by many persons who have had the pleasure of hearing Blind . Asylu . . \- T during th a P a P ils « £hc their frequent visits to Ballarat. Beiug unfortunately deprived of his sight, a fair share of patronage will no doubt be accorded to him. lutending pupils can learn as to terms, from Messrs Sutton and Co., Sturt street. The sixth anniversary of the Mount Doran State school will be celebrated on the 24th instant. During the day the usual picnic will be provided for the children of the school, t and W f in the' evening concert will held, at which several Vf!?' ladies eert be and " aeraraJ s gentlemen from the surrounding district " 1 will kindly give tin_-ir assistance. The festivities will then be broaght to a close by a ball. The Bev. M. S. A Looney will prcach a EGrmon on the death of Mrs Emma Lewi^, in the Alfred Hall, to-morrow evenin Ministers from the district assembly will preach in the Bible Christian churches of this city and town to-morrow. The names of the ministers, and the churches at which they will preach, will be found fully set forth ia our advertising columns. On Sunday week the Bishop of Bathnrst will preach at Christ Church pro-Cathedral in the morning, and the Rev. H. E. Cooper, of Clunes, in the evening. , The Rev. J. G. Wright, sen., of South Australia, one of the oldest and most popular ministers of.the Primitive Methodist connection, is advertised to preach in Ballarat to-morrow—in the morning at the Bnmbank street church, and in the evening at the Eyre street chtjrch. 