REVISION OF THE, AUTHORISED VERSION OF THE NEW TESTA MENT. " The Times" and most of the leading London newspapers received by the last mail have articles on the revision of the New Testament. We Jake the following from the "Daily News" of the 16th May : — We shall not he surprised if the impres sion left upon the minds of many of those who compare the preface with the text is not altogether favorable. It will be felt that, with all the pains that have so evidently been taken, the revision has been a little overdone. Too many alterations have been made, -and there is often a schoolboy literalness of rendering which, is by no meaus agreeable. In a multitude of instances the authorised version might well have been left, even with many of its harmless inconsistencies. What, for example, is gained by the substitution of " bring us not" for " lead us not" in the Lord's prayer 1 y It . would be unrea sonable, however, to expect perfection in any work of this kind, or to expect that a body of scholars constituted as was should have been able to put aside all considera tion for traditioual and accepted interpre tations, and to pursue their course i:. a purely literal and scientific spirit. Pro bably they would not even claim to have dene so:; and at any rate, this absolute impartiality it is clear they have not been able to attain. Accordingly we notice that while their rules have been so carefully in points of very minor impor tance/ which in 110 way touch established dogmatic ideas, the revisers have boldly declined to carry them out in some cases of the contrary kind— of which it "is our duty in the next place briefly to speak. . ' " ' Holy Ghost, . Matt. 1. 18 "This rendering occurs here and elsewhere with a marginal note, " Or -'HoIy Spirit ; and so throughout this book." A well- informed reader is 110 doubt aware that the original word, rendered sometimes " Ghost," sometimes " Spirit," is' without exception everywhere one and t.he same word. Why, then, should it be differently translated in different places 1 It may, indeed, be said that " Ghost " and Spirit " are identical words, so far as force and meaning are concerned. But if so, why not use the one comprehensive and beautiful word " Spirit," rather than its poor, antiquated and almost obsolete duplicate ? Similar remarks apply to the rendering wise men " on the opposite page (Matt ii. 1, 7). The original is magi .or.magians, as again noted in the margin. But: "-wise men" does not properly express it. The magi were a well-known class of men,, priests and soothsayers of the Persians and other Oriental nations. Their true character ought not to have been disguised under an epithet which is very likely they did not deserve. At any rate, faithfulness to the original again required that they should' 1 receive their own proper appellation ; and the historical coloring, as we may term it, of the Evangelist's statement should not have been so much disguised anddiluted bya feeble and inappropriate substitute. Turn ing over a few pages, we come to matter of great interest. "The hell of fire" takes the place of the authorised "hell fire" (Matt. v. 22). The expression is one which introduces an idea evenmore fearfulandrepulsive than that suggested by the old rendering. In seme mythologies there are hells of torture and of punishment by oth$r means than fire. These, however, are -net known to the New Testament. Hence it would seem to have been scarcely wise or right to sug gest the idea of a distinction which was most probably unthought of by the Chris- tain evangelist. But is the word " hell," with the dreadful medimval associations which still cling to it in the popular con ception, a just rendering of the original ? We greatly doubt this. The original word is Gehenna, which in its origin was a lscal name, denoting a definite spot with a very peculiar history. Accidental circum stances made the "Valley of Hinnom" (such is the import of the word) a place of burning. It was a spot rendered abomi- naHfi to latter pen orations bv the idola- trous rites once practised in it. The word then, it is clear, is a local name, a pro per name, with very peculiar associations. The addition " of fire" is most probably a Hebraism, like "judge of unrighteous ness" rendered " unrighteous judge" (Luke viii. 6), and -it simply means. " burning Gehenna." As the word then i3 of this character, was it wise or faithful to the Scrinture to use as its Enplish equivalent a word suggesting to ordi nary readers the meaning which has de scended to us from the old days of medimval darkness anijl superstition — the meaning so usually conveyed by the word " hell." Ought not a proper name to have been given as a proper name ? The word " hell," we imagine, must disappear en tirely from the Old Testament. It would have been a fitting pendant to this, if the Bame result could have been followed in the new Testament revision also. Passing on a little further, we come to the Lord's Prayer, in which many persons' will see, with regret or even with a stronger feel ing, the changes which have been made. ' ' Bring us not into temptation" takes the place of " Lead us not," probably, as before said, for no reason hut to harmonise the translation with other places iu which the same verb is so rendered, a very small reason, it must be allowed, in the' face of the rule to make " as few changes as pos sible, . consistently with faithfulness." The other and greater change is equally arbitrary and more unjustifiable ; " de liver us from the Evil One." The facts of the case are a3 follows : — The Greek words for "the evil" may be either masculine or neuter, according to the requirements of their context. No doubt there is an in stance or two in the New Testament in which they are masculine, and denote therefore a person, as in Matt. xiii. 19 (compare Mark iv. 15). The context here, in addition to the nominative form, re- nuire.S a COrreSDOndinp rnnrimrinfr Ttnf. other cases occur in which the words are neuter, and Qarry with tkem a general or abstract, anj notffi personal meaning — that is, they signjify the evil, "that which is evil," or " evil." Such cases a3 Luke vi. 45, " An evil man . . . bringeth forth that which is evil" (or simply, bringeth forth evil); and Rom. xii. 9, "abhorring that which is evil" (i.e., " evil"). There -is no doubt about these cases, in both of which the article and ad jective are neuter. It is clear, therefore, so far,' that in the Lord's Prayer the rendering might be either " the evil one" or "evil." "What, then, in the context determined for. the personal meaning. Nothing whatever j but the contrary. " Forgive ujaou trespasses, Lead us' not into temptation" , In these expressions, trespasses" , j|iid " temptation" are f A general or abstract in meaning. To them, the abstract " evil " is correspondent and parallel. Thus we have three petitions, "forgive us our trespasses," "lead us not into temptation," " deliver U3 from evil," answering in character to each other. Evidently there was no need to introduce a personal agent, "the evil one," and to' do so is to spoil the symmetry of the prayer, to lower its character by intro ducing into it a cross and UHspiritual conception. Why, then, have the re visers done this I It may be conjectured that they have done it out of regard for the authority of the Greek Fathers, who quite uniformly interpret the words. At nrst sight this seems to be a strong reason, and it is so, and there are considerations which diminish its force. Even the Greek Fathers were not infal lible, and on this subject of the Satan devil- they were very fallible indeed. They wore full of superstitious faith in him and about him. They saw diabolical agency and influence everywhere in life, iu the commouest actions and occurrences. But then this personage is very important, and holds a most prominent position in the theology of our day, and the majority of the revisers, it would appear, were as much under his influence as were the Greek Fathers. They would have done better, in our humble judgment, to have left the.Lord's Prayer, in this respect, as it was. If they. thought the other rendering worthy of notice, they might have giveu us a margin, " or the evil one," leaving it to those readers who might prefer this rendering to follow it, but hot making the whole revision company responsible for it before the world, aud so lending. an_ authority to it which it surely does not deserve. ; » 1 - The suggestions of . the American Re vision Committee, /which are appended to the volume, . will be found to form a large and interesting collection of various renderings, such a3 the Ainericau revisers prefer and have recommended, unsuccess fully, to the English company. The English student will by no means concur with the Americans in all the points ; but he. will find, nevertheless, ample proof of thought and care as well as of . sound learning on. the Ainericau side. In many of . the cases, we are persuaded, the Eng lish revisers would have done well if they had paid more attention to them. 