Tho iron of outspoken criticism 1ms ontcreil into Commodore Wilson's soul, nnd tho gnllnnt uud cnutious commander writhes convulsively. Tho High Commissioner of the Western Pacific, Kir Arthur Gordon, has also beon galvanised into a condition of mental torture nml oiucml indignation." Put wo must confess that we have no sympathy with oither one or other of tho injured inno cents, neither are wo disposed to "retract anything wo have written with the view of applying a soothing salve to their suffer ing souls. In another column we publish the papers laid before Parliament on Wednes day, containing the " correspondence rcspcot- " ing certain resolutions, &c.;, published in " tho minutes of the Intercolonial Confer- " unco." The first of the papors is a commu nication from his Excellency to the Colonial Secretary, enclosing a letter lrom Commodore Wilson ; and the second paper is a commu nication from the Liigh Commissioner on the snmo subject. Tho Commodore uud the High Commissioner have both done us the honour to answer the articles which bnvo appeared in our columns respecting tho massacres in tho South Sea Islands, aud it is greatly to be regretted that neither of them have manifested anything like as strong a desire to punish tho murderers of their fellow-countrymen ns they have evinced to denounce us. We must have mado out a strong case against them when thoy botli with one consent reply — wo might say shriek out — iu such undignified language, " Not guilty." We do not know that we shall bo able to deal with both the Commo dore and his companion in tribnlation in one article, but it is scnrcoly nocesBnry to answer them both in detail, for in answering one wo reply to thein both. However, we will deal with Commodore Wilson's com munication first. It will bo remembered that tho minutcB of tho proceedings of the Inter colonial Conference were accompanied by au appendix which coutuincd a number of articles respecting tho murders of British subjects in the Koutli Sea Islnnds. The greater number of tlieso were taken from tho Sydney Daily Telegraph. Sir Arthur Gordon has taken tho troublo to count thou ; and he says that " 110 less than eleven " of them appeared in our columns, and wo" have no inclination to dispute his statement. 'We plead guilty to tho eleven, and this one will moke up' the round dozen. Concerning these articles, Commodore Wilson writes : — Appended at the end of the book are certain scur rilous documents, being either unouyuious letters from an individual signing himself ' The Vagabond," or taken from a sccoud-class Sydney newspaper. . . Without cxcoption, these documents, which I must suppose farm the priucip.il groundwork upon which tho Conference founded its resolutions touching the navy, arc scurrilous libels, devoid of truth, either in tenor or in facts, and are quite unworthy of n place amongst Stato papers, probably tho most important these colonics have ever printed. Will Commodore Wilson "permit us to apologise, and will he considerately accept our apology if "we lay our hand on our mouth, and our mouth in tho dust, and cry " Scurrilous libclu ; untrue— untrue ?" It has been all a horrible mistake. Tlioro has uot been the shadow of truth- oither iu tonor or in facts. There have beeu no massacres. Tho shores of tho Sulomou Islands linvo never., been stained with a drop of British blood. There are no widows and orphans, either in Now South Wales or elsewhere, weeping" over tho deaths of tlieirhusbands and fathers. Tho offieers of her Majesty's ships of war have nover tripped their light fantastic Iocr, either in Adelaide or anywhere else, while others of her Majesty's subjects were being tomahawked and eaten by. treacherous and hungry savages. No ghosts of murdered men walk unavenged among the South Sea . Islands. It has all been a iiidrouB 'tlrcam-— a " scurrilous " night mare — nnd 'we can' only regret — and deeply regret — that Commodore Wilson did .not wake as out; of it at an earlier date. Un fortunately, however, Commodore Wilson did not read the Sydney Daily Telegraph. He says in his letter I wm quite-aware that these miserable productions were appearing in the Stjdncj Daily Tcleyrapli before I lef I there in December last, hut the opinions ex pressed therein were -to me of no importance or in terest. I cannot say 1 read any. of them before they were placed in the con-plcuoua position they now hold, and were. forwarded to me by your Excellency as part of important official document. Nowj'this is a large pill to swallow, but we accept Commodore Wilson's assurance that lie did not read the " second-class Sydney newspaper" when he was hero in December Inst, and indulge the hope that, ho will have more sense when lie returns to Sydney again. Though the commander of the Wolverine thus wilfully neglected his duty, it appears that otiier gentlemen were not so indifferent — and gentlemen whose opinions in the matter are, we think, of more importance than Commodore Wilson's. The members of the Intercolonial Conference read the articles which appeared in our columns, nnd they deemed tliora worthy of being placed among State papers which, according to Commodore Wilson, arc " probably tho most ".important these colonies liave ever printed." A question might be raised as to what extent his Excellency and the Government were justi fied in giving publicity to the presumptuous — we might almost say insulting — opinion of Commodore Wilson that the members of the Intercolonial Conference — the representa tives of nil the Governments of the colonies — did not know their business, that they were guilty of recognising, and by their recog nition endorsing, articles which " arc quite un- " worthy of a place amongst State papers." Who made nn officer of tho navy a judge of what is worthy or unworthy on the purl of the men whom tho people of Australia linvc entrusted with tho control of their affairs ? Slinil we tell tho Commodore that the members of the Conference represented public opinion, and that they deemed' the most convenient way to place it on record in a Stato paper was to reproduce it as it hnd been expressed in our columns. Possibly some "dnmii'd good-natured friend " of the Commodore's will send him u copy of our 'issue of to-day, and if lie docs see it, we would like to call his special attention to en article which appeared iu the European Mail -of the 28tlf January. The attention of the Secretary to the Admiralty was called to the murder of Lieutenant Bower, the commander of the Sandfly, and, in reply, Mr. Trovelynn, in his place in the House of CommotiB, said — When the noivs readied Sydney Commodore Wilson scat out tier Majesty's ship Emerald, commanded by Captain Maxwell, and with 230 men, to the scene ot" the murder, with instructions not to inflict any whole sale or sweeping punishment, like the burning of vil lages, which loo often fell upon harmless people, hut to follow the actual murderers, sparing neither time, trouble, nor legitimate risk, aud to inflict upon them the severe punishment which they deserved. We incline lo the opinion that when the Secretnry to the Admiralty, Mr. Trovelynn, receives the report of the visit of tho Emerald to the scene of Lieutenant Bower's murder, there may bo some "scurrilous libels" — in orthodox official form — issued from tho Ad miralty. According to the information sent to the Secretnry to the Admiralty, the Emn- rnld was sent to hunt down the murderers of Lieutenant Bower, and what did she do ? What was the grand result of the expedition concerning which the House of Commons was assured that the murderers would be hunted down at tho expense of any amount of " time, troublo or legitimate "risk?" The Emerald went — she saw — s'no conquered ! One old woman was wounded, nnd a small boy was captured, and with this list or " wounded "-and " enp- " lured" her Majesty's ship returned to Sydney. Nelson in nil his glory never achieved a victory like tins, lie conquered ... Jinuui|.ui;u ill o t. Vincent, and lie died ut Trafalgar ; but what were all these conquests compared witli tho exploits of her Majesty's navy in the South Seas in the years of oar Lord 1S80 and 1S81 ? The whole history of tho proceedings of Commodore Wilson and tho officers under his command would he a fnrca were it not for the fact that tiic lives of our fellow colonists are being sncrificd, and not one of the mur derers litis yet been brought to. justice. The savages have defied, and continue to defy, Commodore Wilson and all his subordinates Week alter week tho community is horrified by tho iiiloliigcueu that other luussiicres tiavo taken place, and it appears that there is no immcdiulo prospect of the butcheries being stopped, unless a few volunteers undertake tho duty of avenging tho deatlis of their slaughtered countrymen. It is pretty mani fest that hor Majesty's ships of war aro un equal to tho task, commanded as they arc — or perhaps wo should in justice say, under commanders restricted as they aro. There is a mystery about wito is responsible. Com modore Wilson is supposed to be tinder tho control of the High Commissioner, and the re sponsibility is shunted from ono to the other, ami between those " two stools" tho reputation of lha navy is being disgraced; Let -all iheso commodores, captains utid high commis sioners retire from tbo scene, and leave the punishment of tiio South Sea murderers to the " blue jackets " of the fleet, and wo ven ture to say thnt within a very short time some account would bo given of tho perpetrators of tiic South Sea maH8ucrcs. Commodore Wilson appears to think that all has been done wliiult could be done. The murder of a few wliito men more or less docs not appear to- trouble him. Lie cruises about from' Sydney to Ilobnrt, from Uobart to Adelaide, from Adelaido to Melbourne and back again by tbo same route, or, purndvunture, n different one, but it even tually comes to tho samo tiling. Her Majesty's ships are lying — wo hardly like to say loafing— about tho ports of tho eolotticH instead of taking such action witli respect to the massacres which would give uomo assur ance that — Tbo bloody record shall not stand iu the sua To shame creation. No one will deny Unit Uio membors of tho Upper House did good service to the country when they drew attention last wool; to the. vicious system of "-packing tho Bunch," whenever, nn important. case was to be heard. This evil is not of recent unte. It has. been in oporution for many years past, nnd has been the moans of perverting justice in hundreds of enses, ami inflicting wrong on re spectable citizens. But it is only within the Inst few years tliut it has beoii reduced to a- science. According to Mr. Stewart, it is no uncommon thing for a magistrate to receive a written statement of the merits of a case from one of the parties, accompanied with, a request that" he would attend and adjudicate upon tho hearing, nnd in order to bring him tip to the scratch, a solicitor would be employed to drivo rmmd the town in a cab, nttd " sltnv- 1 " him mi to the bench." The extent to which this lias been, und is being, curried on is some thing alarming. Sir Alfred Stephen snys — " It is notorious that tiio bench iu Sydney is " often packed and Mr. Stewart, .in bear ing tins out-, declares' thnt lie has himself been appealed to to . join in the pack ing. It was not very complimentary to the hull, member to assume that lie was willing to lieeomo a tool. One would have thought that lie would have resented such au insult ; but instead of doing so lie seems to have, condoned the affair by with holding the names of tliosa who sought to uso him. It is not surprising that magLteiial decisions' urn bought, and goM if oiu> h-''i' the justices are willing to co-opei ate, and" tho other bslf have no objection to " keep it quiet." If nn unscrupnlons suittr can be assured that he ruiis ho risk in J proposing to bribe n magistrate, a few refusals , will be of no conseqnenco whatever.. Ho lias , only to begin at the top of the roll, and goon till lie has got enough, and his. case will be safe. : We, -do hot use the word " bribe" in the light of receiving so much money for such a verdict. The consideration may be per sonal friendship, it may ho business favours, or it may lie social connection, but whatever it is the transaction is corrujit, and it is as much a bribe ns if it hnd been effected by the aid of current coin. - But while hon. members deserve the thanks of the public for using their bust endeavours to briug about a reform, we cannot congratu late Sir Alfred Stephen on having made the Martin Guest prosecution the subject of his action. The ruling of the magistrates in that case was in support of the public right to free speech in the public reserves, and it would be contrary to the spirit of British liberty to docido in any other way. If persons are disorderly, there are police to arrest them, and gaols to put them in, but it is monstrous that the citizens shonld be gagged oil the pretence that there might be disorderly jiersons amongst tho audience. If that is good law, Sir Henry Parkcs arid his colleagues could have been prosecuted for addressing the electors of East Sydney from the hustings in Ilydc Park. Wo trust that Sir Alfred Stephen will see tho danger of arming tiie authorities with powers to prevent. the citizens from assembling in their own reserves for the purpose of discussing pub lic questions in a public und rational manner. But witli, respect to the packing of the Bench, we are free to admit thnt the merits of the case adjudicated upon are immaterial. If the dismissal of Martin Guest's case was procured by the rounding up of pliant magis-, tratcs, it was an fcq- aily iniquitous pro ceeding. But there does not appear to be any reason for believing that it was. Magistrates would naturally feel concerned about the issue of such a large public ques tion, and that may account for many of tliein having attended when they were not ou the roster. But how comes it that Sir Alfred Stephen was nblo to overlook the notorious Dimoitd case, about which there could be no mistake, and- seize upon tiiat of Martin Guest, the decision in which was clearly and unmistakably in the pnblie interest ? Why should lie risk tiie issue of his nctiou by taking a ease which in presumably lYco troin corrupt influences, when lie might have used the grosB and flagrant ilistanco of irregular oractice to which we have alluded. : In the Ifimond case a publican's license was wanted. 'J'iie Bench whs divided in opinion, nnd no license was issued. But oil the following day, without being upon the business sheet, without the customary notices having been issued, without anyone knowing that that or any other license was to bo ap plied for, n bench of magistrates was got together and tho liccnso unanimously granted. To say that it was smuggled through, would be to express hut faintly tiio neculinr process by which it was ob tained. This circumstance does not appear, however, to have touched the moral sus ceptibilities of Sir Alfred Stephen. It was not till a bench of magistrates had decided in favour of the right of free speech tlmt he discovered any cause for alarm. But what Sir Alfred Stephen omitted to do the Government have taken in tianil They have made . a start by calling upon those magistrates concerned in the granting of the Dimond license to furnish an explanation of their conduct, and they will no doubt follow up their inquiries respecting .tiio gentlemen who are ready to be " rounded np " whenever tlioir services nro required. It is of the first importance that wo Biionld maintain the in tegrity of tiia bench, so that it may not be said of this colony that — The poet of honour is a private station. Most peopio know how to apprcciato a good road, ntnl there are few who have not admired tko fine even surface of King nnd George streets, now thnt the depressions have been made good. Business moil have, however, a lively recollection of the incon venience resulting from the long suspension of traffic during tho formation of thoso streets. In n few days operations will be commenced in Pitt-street, and Beeing that tiie premises along this jiopnloits thorough fare have no back entrance, the prospects of a long blockade nro not encouraging. It is to be hoped that the work will bo started under conditions thnt will ensure its speedy completion. There should bo no necessity to vary tiie contract nftcr it lias once been en tered upon by substituting one material for another au was dono in King-street, and thus give tho contractors n reason for claiming ex tended time. Wo do not say that the altera tion was not a wise ono in the case of Kittg- street, but it would bo a mistake to begin cutting up tiie surface of Pitt-street till everything is ready. Aud tiien there should be gangs ut -work night nml day till it is completed. Tiic City Surveyor will no doubt see the necessity for adopting this course, and also for putting on as many men as can find room to work. It would cost no more to omploy dOU men for a weok than 100 men for a month ; but it would make a material differ ence in Bio time during which the traffic would bo snspeuded. In such nn important public thoroughfare as Pitt-street, no effort should be spared to reduce tho interruption to tiio shortost possible limit. Scarcely has Alexander III. been seated on the throne which his father, the late Emperor, lost with tlis life on .Sunday last, when tho commence ment of his reign is signalised by another Nihilist plot to blow np the Imperial l'alnce. The greatest excitement prevailed throughout tho city of St. l'etorsburg on Wednesday, when it was discovered that another mine hnd been laid underneath tho paiaeu. Sappers wcro empioyod ut once to examine this engine of destruction, nnd seek out nil its ramifications, but the authorities were unable to find, out tho authors of tho deadly work. The House of Commons lias voted tho sum of five millions as England's share of lite costly Afghanis tan war. Tho balance, 12 millions, will have to be defrayed by the Indian Exchequer. The Legislative Assembly met yesterday after noon nt tho usual hour. The formal business trans acted ivns generally unimportant, but tho Fisheries Bill was advanced another stago. The third schedule was amended nnd passed, nnd n iiumber of new clauses proposed. The Boarding-out Bill was read a second time and passed through committee witli amendments. The third reading is made an qvder of the dny for this afternoon. The House adjourned at 11.5-1 p.m. nntil the usual hour this afternoon. In l lie Legislative Council yesterday, the second reading -of tho Anatomy Bill was postponed till Wednesday, on the motion of Mr. Dnrlcy, who has taken cbnrge of it. The hon. gentleman considered that legislation of such importance should bo care fully considered, and the adjournment hnd given members an opportunity of becoming familiar with the provisions of the Bill, which had only that afternoon came before him. The Kurmjong nnd Suriy Hills Land Sales Bill, and the CJImreli of England Trust Property Incorporation Bill were read a third time without discussion, and were returned to the Assembly. The Berrima Coal Mine Bill was read a second time, and agreed to in com mittee without amendment. The mover, Captain Onslow, said _ the railway in question would bring to market rich stores q£ coal and kerosene shale, which were' found in great quantities on the "properly of tho company, whose operations might bo expected to greatly reduce the price of coal. The Government had been asked to e- ms! met tire line, but had refused ; and now thai i Ilis was proposed In be none by private enterprise, he anticipated no oppo.ifion lo the measure, the third reading of which was ultimately sc! down fur Wednesday, In response to the motion of Sir Alfled Stephens the Minister for J inline (.-ir G. limes) laid ou the. table n return or the magistraies who tried the now -somewhat celebrated eajso of Martin Guest, tlm names of I hose jn dices who were on the roster for the days iu question, and I hose who were not being dis tinguished. I no House, after a brisk sitting of go .minutes, adjourned nt 5,55 1111 the usual hour on Wednesday, When "tho new immigration regulations wcro before the. Legislative Assembly exception was taken by Mr. A. Stuart nnd some othur members to the fact that n dopostt of half the rate of passage money was required to tie made at the piBCO of nomination, instead ot £2 as heretofore. It was urged that this provision would render the regula tions a dead letter, as there would be no immlgrn tion to regulate. The Premier expressed his con viction thnt all the money voted for immigration purposes conld he. expended by this means ; and tlmt a sufficient number would be ready to bring themselves under the operation of the new regula tions to absorb the funds available. Sir Henry I'arkcs has Bince telegraphed to the Agent- Genernl, the Hon. Saul Samuel, informing hi np of tho changes, and asking his opinion. This morning a reply came by cable to thecllect that immigrants of a.sui table class could be obtained nnder the new regulations. This confirms the Colonial Secretary in his opinion. The Government believe that by makiDg the passage partially payable by the im migrants, a new field of immigration will bo opened up, and a better class of immigrants, ob tained. On the motion of Sir Henry Parkcs last night, the second reading of the Appropriation Bill in the Legislative Assembly was fixed for Wednesday next, nnd that of the Local Government Bill for next Thursday. In the Legislative Assembly last night, the Fisheries' Bill was further considered in dom- mittcc. The second, schedule was passed with amendments, altering the minimum weight of schnnpper to lfloz, nnd thoso of sea mullet, black- tail and salmon to ICoz, toz and 4oz respectively. Tho minimnm weight of crawfish or lobsters was fixed at 21b. A numbcrof now clauses were agreed to pro forma, and will be printed with the Bill nnd further considered on n future date, when the Bill wiB be re-committed for that purpose. A question rclativo to the lock-up nt l'yrmont, of'which Mr. Martin had given notice in the Legislative Assembly, was Inst night withdrawn, as the hon. member staled that he had learned that the bfiilding was finished, and had been opened for the reception of temporary inmates. It. will be remembered that when the Intercolo nial Conference sat in Sydney, the articles pub lished in this journal concerning the South Sea maBSncres were ordered to be printed in the appendices to the official report. His Ex cellency the Governor thereupon forwarded copies of the report to the High Commissioner of the Western Pacific, nnd also to .Commodore Wilson, whose inaction during the massacres was warmly criticised. Those gentlemen nt once entered upon a defence of their inactivity in reply to our articles, nnd we publish the correspondence, which was laid upon the table of tho Legislative Council op Wednesday night, in another portion of to-day's issue. The Executive Commissioner for. New South Wales nt the Melbourne Exhibition, Dr. Renwick, M.P., will leave for Melbourne this evening by the overland route, accompanied by Mr. Charles K. Hotbam, secretary to the commission, in order to be present at the ceremony of the distribution of awards, which will take place on Tuesday next, March 22, and also to make arrangements in con nection with the close of tho Exhibition, which is fixed for April 30. The Military Defence Commission sat both on Wednesday and yesterday, and examined a number of the principal officers of Government Depart ments, and also some of the members of the Boynl Commission. On Wednesday, also, Colonels Downes mid Hoborts inspected the several fortifications and battcrie-s. The Commission will sit ngain to day, and on Saturday will visit Falconbridgc on the invitation of Sir Henry Parkcs. Wc understand thnt next Tuesday week has been appointed for the execution of the man Brown, who was sentenced to death at the last Criminal Sessions for rape ujion his own daughter. There is no reason to suppose that the last penalty will not be inflicted. A meeting of the finance committee of the Sydney Municipal Council was hold yesterday afternoon in the Town Hall. The most important business was the. reception of two letters on the foundations of the Town Halt great hall, from M r. M'Bealh, the late, and Mr. Sapsford. the present, city architect. The former continued the statement which wo mado yesterday morning as to the defi ciency in the masonry, and the latter was based upon the publication of that statement. They will both lie found in the extended report of the meet ing in another column, together with the discus sion which took place upon them. The banquet in honour of Ireland's patron saint took place last night at the Masonic Hall, York- street, when there were over 150 persons present. The chair was occupied by Mr. Daniel O'Connor, M.I\, who was supported on either hand by Kir John Roliertson, K.C.M.G., and the Hon. Jno. Lucas. There were several members of Parliament and a number of prominent citizens present. The affair was altogether a great success. Water is to be supplied to the residents of WooBahra to-day from the new reservoir erected The newly-lnid mains were cleansed on Wednes day by passing through them the water used for washing out the reservoir, and cvidcnco of a splendid pressure was presented by the height to which the stream rose when the plugs wcro drawn. Mr. D. C. Robertson, the water inspector, sii>erin- tended tho arrangements, and has certified to everything being in rcndincs3 for a regular supply. With water supply and tramway communication with Sydney, this suburb may now bo supposed to bo in ii fair way to become a favourite place of residence, A telegram has been received by the Victorian Customs authorities to tho effect that the steamer ltidge Park on tiie 10th instant was driven by a south-west gale off the reef where she was stranded into deep water, and the cargo was being washed ashore near Cape Conran. Amongst the casualties admitted into the In firmary yc-terday for medical treatment were the following : — John Kent, 37, residing at Newtown, who had lii.s finger so .severely injured whilst at work with a circular-saw thul.il hud to he ampu tated ; and Stephen Nestor, a lad (12), living with his parents at No. 2 Belliiigton-sireet, suffering from a severe scalp wound caused by his knocking his head against a post whilst swinging in Lower Fort-street. A lire broke out at about half-past 7 o'clock last evening, on the premises of Robert Hardy, furniture dealer, at the comer of I'aik and Castle- rcagh streets. It occurred iti consequence of a defect in the thin brick wnll dividing the pre mises from the adjoining building, through which flames easily penetrated, setting fire to some mattresses and bedding. Before the lire had made any serious headway it was extinguished by the promptitude of theIn6urnncc Brigade, which, to gether with tho City Fire Brigade and No. 3 Volunteer Company, were speedily on tho spot, nnd prevented any disastrous results. Between 1 and 5 a.ra. on the morning of the 5th instant Mr. John Reekie, landlord of tko Ancient Britain Hotel, Dowling- strect, was awakened by hearing a noise in his house, and on getting up and going to tho room where ho heard., the disturb ance, he found and grappled with an intruder, who resisted violently, and called out, " Bill, come and help mc." Upon this a second burglar came in, and struck Mr. Reekie heavily on the head with a largo stone, seriously injuriiig him and rendering him 'senseless. The man lie bad first caught hold of, finding all the household disturbed, hastily jumped from tho verandah to the ground, n distance of 14 feet, uud although pursued for some distance, he escaped. His com panion, an older man, meanwhile ran down stairs, and out.through the sido door, nnd also got clear away with the sum of £41. Suspicion fell upon two men named William Skinner nnd William Thompson, strangers in tho district, who had been into the bar once or twice a few days previously. The pair were arrested by Sergeant Mtilquccny in company, hut Thompson said ho had only picked up with Skinner, a stranger to him, a few minutes previously. Thompson was found to have tho sum of £42 and two stolen watches in his possession, and the books nnd clothes of the prisoners wcro farther evidence of identification against them. The men were brought up at the Water Police Court yesterday and committed for trial, although only Thompson was positively identified by prosecu tor, whom the medical evidence proved to have been brutally maltreated. Sergeant' Mulquceny, who was in charge of the cuse for the Crown, objected to the money found upon Thompson, who wished to livo luxuriously hi Dnrlingburst, being devoted to his maintenance. The bench ordered that only a sum of 10s should be spent in adding to the prison al lowance for his epicurean tastes. There was a slight passngc-of-arms on Tuesday afternoon in the Victorian Assembly, between Mr. Kerferd and -Mr. Longmore. It. was" very brief, but, says the Trlryraph, the member for Ripon and Hampden got a 1 ritle the worst of it iu the verbal eneountcr. Mr. Keifenl was addressing i lie Mouse on some matter, and in the course of his remarks Ijrought iu the word "grin." This magic word aroused Mr. Longmore, who exclaimed, Vou talk about grin ning 1" Mr. Kerferd promptly replied," t Imve no desire to monopolise the grin of the lion, member." To ibis Mr. Longmore vulgarly observed," Ed cut my throat- if 1 had your grin." " Well," said Mr. Kerferd, " it would probably he a great personal inconvenience to tho hon. member if lie did cut his throat, hut t think it is an open question whether such an event could he considered u national calamity." Mr. Longmore: for once looked "sat upon," and held his pence. til the Victorian Assembly ou Tuesday Inst Mr L. U Smith asked the Postmaster-General wberiicr he would have at every post-ollicu a small card given nwny containing 12 squares to paste postage stamps on, " to inculcate u spirit of saving and thrift among the young population of the colonies, in a similar manner to that now ill practice in Great Britain," Mr. T.ai)giidge said he was. ol coarse, in favour of "any plan which would eucour. ago a spirit, of thrift, among the voting people nt this colony, but (says the Teleqrapk) he did not think ho could introduce the system which the hon. member desired. He read a report on tho scheme which Mr. Galbniith, one of I he officers in the Victorian Postal Department, had prepared from information that gentleman had obtained when on a visit to England from the post officials there, Mr. Gnlbraitk did notspcak very favourably of the scheme. He said that nt first it was a noTelty, nnd the children 'availed themselves of the oppor tunity to save n fcav shillings by contributions of penny stamps, but now it waa found that the savings' bank principle was a much better means of promoting a spirit of thrift. " Mr. Galbruith sug gested thnt caids might be given nwny at a few of tiie largest post-offices, such as Melbourne, Ballnrnt and Sandhurst, as nn experiment, and Mr. Lang- ridge promised to make inquiries to sec if the idea conld be carried out. A paragraph has lately been - going the rounds of the Press stating that a short time since a letter was written by a resident of a township not many miles from Albnry to the Minister of Education, pointing out that it would bo of advantage to have a married teacher in the local school. The following reply was received : — " Department of Public Instruction, Sydney, 1st February, 1881. Sir, — Referring to your letter of the 14th ultimo, urging the necessity for a female teacher at the school at B , I am directed to acquaint you that the present teacher, Mr. , has been informed that if he fail to marry tn a reasonable time he will be removed, in order thnt a married teacher may be appointed to the school. I have the honour to be, Btr, your most obedient scrvaut, W. WlLKINS, Under- Secretary." The " reasonable time " allowed for love-mnking and marriage is now supposed to have expired, and never dominio worked so hard to secure a " better half " as the big, burly teacher referred to. The result has been (says the Yass Courier ) the dis covery thnt — lie Is a tool win thinks liy force or skill To turn the current ot a woman's will. The nnfortnnntc teacher has succumbed to the inevitable, nnd forwarded an application to the Minister for removil to another school, as he has failed in his endeavours to make himself the hus band of any of the marriageable dames of the neighbourhood. In our reportof file murder of Captain Schwartz, of the schooner Leslie, by the Solomon Island natives, lie is nlluded.to ns having left a wife who was skated to be the widow of an island king. We are informed tlmt ttiis is not correct. Mrs. Schwartz was born of English parents, in South America, was married to Ciptain Schwartz eight years ago in New Caledonia, nnd wns not pre viously married. We have to express our regret that a statement which roust be so painful to the feelings oP the bereaved lady should linvc found its way into our columns. Concerning this unfortunate case, it may be mentioned (bat some of Captain Schwiulz's friends have hopes that alter all he may not be killed. No one but tbo black bov saw him struck, and there is a possi- bility thnt tiie blow might not have been fatal. Unfortunately it is not the habit of these savages to spare their victims, so that the chances of Cap tain Schwartz being alive are very remote, even bod the blow not caused instant death. Tho schooner Victor has, we are informed, left direct for Cape Marsh, and on her arrival steps will be at once taken to clear up the circumstance. A well-attended meeting of the TrndcR and Labour Council was held last night at the Ilydo Park Hotel, Mr. 11. Crockett, the president, in the chair. The following societies were represented : — Carpenters and joiners (two societies), iron- moulders, Seamen's Union, boilcrinakers, New castle Labour League, coachmakcrs, bricklayers, quarry men, plasterers, curriers, coopers and Syuney United I nbmirers' Society. The following sums from the different societies were voted for the sup port of tho curriers now on strike for the eight-hour question : — Bricklayers, £20 ; Newcastle miner.-, £20 ; .Sydney United Labourers' Society, £20 ; plasterers, £10 ; and other amounts hnd been pro mised. The Attorney-General has informed Sir. J. Garrard, M.L.A., that it waa the intention of tho Government to introduce a Bill for the protection of the funds of trades. Some unimportant business was gone into, after which the meeting closed. The 111 >nt rated Sydney JYen-s for March lb, just issued, is a magnificent number. The engrav ings are particularly well done, especially the tor pedo explosion in Hobson's Bay ; the likeness of Sir. Berry, Premier of Victoria ; nnd the tramway nt the junction of Liverpool-street. The great attraction, however, is a large coloured supplement of the Royal family. The likenesses arc remark ably good, and the grouping is so well arranged that the picture is a really handsome one. The colours are well chosen, and no doubt many loyal subjects will have the picture framed, ns it deserves to he. The Age correspondent nt Stawcll writes : — " A sad accident happened on Tuesday morning in the A1 Perthshire Company's claim ton trihutcr named John Bcvan. He. with others, was working at tho faee of the reef, 12 feet thick, getting away stono from the lieadwall, and for tlmt purpose put ill two shots, which were fired simultaneously. Bcvan avent back to see tiie effect rather soon, nnd a cake of tlie'way, t'rip'ped over a piece of mullock,. and broke his back. Reran was a young man, and was only married on last .Saturday week. Recovery is im possible, though he was at once conveyed to tho hospital and every attention paid to hint A correspondent from IVnggn states that through the Mcrool country nnd on to the Lachlan over tho Mnrruinbidgcc country to the Murray, nnd notably in tho Urana district, millions upon millions of feet of valuable pine timber are being destroyed by ring-barking indiscriminately practised. This timber defies white nnt, is impervious to dry rot, and is easily worked. It is timber of the sainc kind, we imagine, as that which grows about the Gunnedah district. It is high time some care were exorcised over our best forest growths. Doubtless, ring-barking destroys many thousand trees which are of no commercial value, nnd the increased growth of grass is immeasurably of greater wortii than the arboreal vegetation dis placed. But pine trees like those alluded lo would, if conserved, he the source of incalculable wealth to the Stale in future. Electorsof Pnddiiigtou will notice by advertisement that Messrs. Richard I''lptchcr, H. E. Castle, and J. A, Carroll have been nominated for the oflicc of aldor- man for tbeLower Ward, in the room of Mr. P. Whitclaw resigned. A poll svill be taken on Monday next. 