CATHOLIC CHURCH ALONE HEALS SCHISM. BY PEUTETBE. I two Popes ever alive at the aaine time— ord Kinnoul's schism again—The Wes- €y an manslaughtering schism—Plenty aore sohisms—The real drift and design of cbism—The Conncil of Constance—" The ilipse of the Moon"—Mr. .Gladstone's (blonder.] NEVEB POPE AGAINST POPE. that most celebrated of Celebrated is, the Tichborne estates suit, it was t " Tichborne against Tichborne." From st to last it was " Orton, the fat butcher, impudent rogue and vagabond, falsely iming the Tichborne property." The se was truly, really, and legally " Tichne versus Orton," or the rightful heir and ner defending himself against the swindler ntensions of a thief and impostor, who was, fact, Arthur Orton calling himself Sir _oger. So, the Cardinal Robert of Geneva, |ho called himself Pope Clement VII., was D Pope, and the contest between him and 0pe Urban VI. was not between Pope and bpe, but between the true Pope and a false laimant. And so also, when Cardinal obert died, and Cardinal de Luna was Lhismatically elected in his place, it was Jot Pope Gregory XII. against Pope Bene- Eot XIII., but the true Pope Gregory XII. jgainst another false claimant, Cardinal de Luna, who unjustly assumed the style and Itle of a Pope. And aB the rogue aud lagabond butcher, Arthur Orton, of Wapling, found supporters both in the House of ~iords and House of Commons, and among te too credulous rabble in England, so the tlse claimant Popes, " Clement VII." and Benedict XIII.," found supporters among e krngs of Europe such as France, Spam, jd Scotland ; and, by the help of these I 4ngs, the false Popes were able to defy and j lesist and harass the true Popes, as the false Jaimant, Orton, harassed the bonajide owner Ifthe Tichborne estates for several years. |t never was an action at law between i Tichborne ,. and , , a Tichborne; m. li but j i _ways an action between 4 Tichborne and ,ne here Orion, never who /inn can Vm be never limntr living was ni at a ihfi the Tichborne. satne sn.tvtp. time t.rmfi. two lawful and true Popes. Consequently, true Pope oan ever be in _tagomem of any kind with another true ind lawful Pope; and the Calvinistical, «eter Hall clamour about Pope against 'ope resolves itself mto spiteful Calvmistical Hying and slandering. THE CKUBCH'S MISSION iras to go and preach the Gospel. Gradually and by natural effect the Gospel would bring ill the nations of the earth to adopt Christian principles of legislation, and kings would hen rule as Christian administrators, all staining their nationality, but all united in me faith, one worship, and one Church discipline, presided over by a spiritual head, Ithe Pope. The whole company of believers (would thus form "one Body;" but no " Body " can ever have two heads. That (would be a monstrosity; and there Inever can be two heads to the Church of I Christ. In process of time Europe actually •became one Christian republic, in whioh all Ithe kings acknowledged the Bishop of Rome las the chief pastor, sovereign Pontiff, and IViear of Christ on earth. The civilisation, Ithe legislation, the international politics land diplomacy of Europe were based on I this' Christian foundation, the UNITY OF THE FAITH, and thei. consequent unity of the Church visible; on earth. : The. supreme pontificate was the most honourable and exalted position in the world. It beoame, of course, an object of desire to men of super-eminent mental gifts,. talents for governing, knowledge of canon and civil law, ; and general learning. There is no on, there is nothing criminal.or culpable in desiring the highest places in the Christian-Church. .As a' fact,, and among: the veriest heretics .and uchismatioB, they have worldly wisdom enough to understand this, and their best scholars/ their best orators, their best qualified men,: are those who reaoh theschismttioal dignities and posts, of gravest responsibility. Even in theSParliament-made Anglican " Establish-; ment," as a rule the most worthy are chosen 1 Archbishops of Canterbury. The President of the Wesleyan Conference, is selected and! voted for as the most eligible occupant of: that office. The Moderator of the Sootoh. Presbyterian General Assembly will be, on the whole, the most capable of his compeers. These miserable, self-excluded vagrants from: the true fold of Christ have human witenough to understand all this, and then turn round sod ridicule and revile the. Catholic Church because shie acts upon the ; same. system as they act. oh. St. Matthew tells us [Matt.! 22] that on a> certainoefcasion the, mother of' .Zebedee's ohildren [James andj John] came to our Lord and: desired & favour of Sim. Onr Lord asked her what it was, and ahe repliedi.f? Grant that .these, my two! sons, may sit, the one on thy right hand, and we „ other " w oh OU fthy IBIJ >»>! left, in »» thy —kingdom."; O — ( ( wjr Loiid did^ot say to:herthatber :eequeet . a D init. Hfi oidyjmadced that gurih .fppiiiitipffffa o'onld »<>t be giventhroughmere personal«Seotioa ^ private inkiest:; .but. !to. tturte .who were ®dowed ;\Wth the -neoessary. <qoalifioa« It. as the attempt to : obtain, ior UBtanoe, the Popedom by reprehensible insta* which are sinful, «nd HiiJi IWFLFL: just we error, of those .Oardinala oriothers who ; *>&ve.; sought! 4t suffered (themselves < to be .pushed forward by others as antd^Popes. ' - I How SCHIE1LLTI08 SeAl TheIB ScHISHB. The National Church of England, beginning in schism, has b een tormented by subschisms, as if in judgment on her for the sin to whioh she' owes her birth, {he Ritualist schism being her latest torment, mellifluoualy commingled with the Essays and Reviews, Broad Church schism. Then, the Wesleyans, at first a " charitable" schism in the Church of England, has broken into at least half a dozen sohisms of its own. Thomas TTilham grievously vexed the soul of Mr. John Wesley by a schism whioh produced the " Kflhamites." There was also another grand Wesleyan schism, which led to a violent convulsion in the "body," and ended in a Chancery suit about the property of the sooiety in its " preaching - houses. The "Conference," or preachers party, had to defend itself against refractory brethren, who claimed some rights over them. This led to an awful "Wesleyan schism some GO or 70 years ago, when half the body divided from the other half and set up as "The New Connection," and has never been reconciled to the " Old Body." There was a regular fight for the " preaching houses" and the Wesleyan parsonages attached to them. AtTeadon, in Yorkshire, and in other places, one party sat armed with loaded guns to keep out the other party, whom they called " Schismatics." Some of these loaded guns were discharged in the fray, and led to trials at York Assizes for maiming and wounding. Then another schism came, much about the same time [1839-40-41] with the Scotch Free Church schism, and at Market Harborough, in Leicestershire, broken heads were plentiful in that eviction outrage when the Rev. Wesleyan Dr. Ererett was excommunicated. Even in Ireland among that most peaceable of all the peaceful sons of Belial, the Orangemen, who greatly favoured the Wesleyan schism, there was, as Wesleyan liistory records, a " murtherin" insurrection when one Rev. Dr. Adam Averell broke off with a numer- Conference," JJr Aaam Av6reu Dr0J£e 01 and f both ti parties f are said Irf h to have tried the virtue of gunpowder as a healing balm on each other's carcases. Then the Anabaptists have had their water-cure schisms as "General Baptists" and "Particular Baptists." Even the quietest of Quaker Quietests have had, like the doves, their own ((UIOWSUI jiavo uuu, H1UJ nuo uu»e», uiBtu»u Uttle afieofcionate clawin o£ {aoes in their demure .. Quaberl - J ne8ts ; and — not one of all these thousand-and-one Protestant schisms in their schisms have ever been made up and mended. Protestant schisms cannot be made for th have nQ common n d ^ m e e t o n . E a c l l h a s i t s lt ^ ^ of tte Catholic syBt em, £ nd it aB the sole essential basis of belief, and refuses to let it be joined with the other fractions of the faith which other Protestants hold to be the only essential doctrine. What these schismatics do is this: they take an arm, and say it is the whole body, and make a body of it for themselves. Others take a leg or foot, and make of it a whole body ; others again take some other portion of the Christian creed, and believe that it is the essential article, and make light of all the rest, even of those parts which other Protestants hug to their hearts as paramount. Thus each Protestant sect rallies round his own pet doctrine; asserts that all the other doctrines are of " minor importance," though revealed by Christ; and obstinately refuses to acknowledge even his brother Protestant's pet doctrine to be worth a straw. In contradistinction to all these, the Catholic Church equally reveres all the doctrines revealed by Almighty God as all equally true and all equally important, holds them all, and makes them the basis of a well-defined system of dogmatic belief which is as unchangeable as God himself, for truth never changes. Whoever holds and believes these revealed-truths is a true Christian, and is admitted by the Catholic Churoh to all the benefits of her communion. All beyond this is mere private opinion, and nonessential. Having a complete, perfect, welldefined basis of belief, the Catholic Church oan sit in the judge's seat and. decide infallibly in every case of heresy or schism : healing the schism, and sweeping . out the heresy. The former she can Batigfy by explanations, by gentle expostulations, by rebukes, by all the -means whioh a mother employs to reconcile her angry or contentious sons; and the Churoh always succeeds in healing sohisms, in reconciling her schismatics. The heretic, being one who chooses to think and believe contrary to her thinking and believing, die: casts out of her oommunion; will not admit! him to her house and table again,' except on full ex animo renunciation of his heretical opinions—even thongh the heretic were ah! emperor. , . SCMFFLTAARCAI. MIHICBY. All secte imitate, or rather mimic, the'aiction of the Catholic Church in dealing with-those members of the sect who 'presume to' doubt or deny the vschismaticar: 'doctrine round which the -sect nucleates itself.. The seot accuses that member 'of " heresy" -against their ", standard'' notion,They try him, and punish him if theyfikd him guilty.; They condemn; him and excommunicate himJ Having done' this, ihbse Bmazinghumbugs go u UUBU tame w tojtiuac uuwuuu;.Bqiwpg, toddy:hnd#pes, and" w tocuraeand aweairiatoths Cathblic for exoommnnicatin^ heretics!!! THE ^ 1 WIMFTNR Somm. j jb&t; tip "s^^^m^i^M'^^ffiv technical. aoopnnt ji the origin of J ^ J M Church of 0potUad; it arose put. of i^e i appointment: p£ # flcptph Presbyterian . jBii^ej!,^ minister was &b; . patron pf Ow Hyii^tf^rLwrjl KinnonL Auchterarder Preebyteiy Tiere were two appeals to the • Sootoh Law Courts. There was long argumentation About the law of A.D. 1690, and a law of 1726, and a private law of the General Assembly whicn had caused the uproar. Then the General Assembly took up the pleadings, and there was an appeal to the House of Lords in London. l4ie General Assembly wouldn't be put down b^ the House of Lords, and appealed a second time. The Lords were pat on their mettle, and ave the Scotch General Assembly a knock- f own blow, no less than three ex-Lord Chancellors assisting, hacked np by all the law lords. What I wished to put conspicuously forward was, that & dispute arose in Scotland, among the Presbyterians, who never drink Qlenlivat, but pray always, day and night, and fear the Lord, and Bing psalms over their tumblers of hot toddy, and read the bible in their sleep—among these Calvinistical Genevated Protestants, more saintly than the saints in heaven, a furious, uproarious, fire and faggot controversy and quarrel arose, out of the small event of appointingthe Rev. Robert Young to succeed the Rev. Charles Stewart in a small rural district. en years' tumultuous litigation arose out of it. Ten years more of internecine ecclesiastical ugilism came out of it, and a secession of half the Presbyterian Established Church rom her pale, many other schisms in the Established schism having previously arisen and seceded, like swarms going off in dudgeon from the parent hive, never to return. Then the " Baptist" schism invaded Scotland, and drew away thousands of disciples after it from the Presbyterian schisms; and after the Baptist schism the Wesleyan Methodist's schism, like sheep, stealers, by night stole in among all the other Scotch sheep and perpetrated an Arminian schism in the very heart of the Calvinistical " run ;" and then, longo intervalle, the Mormon schism carried off its victims. All this time Scotland was iously progressing in the civilised art of whisky-sipping, until, comparatively for its schisms and population, it imbibed yearly more than any other country in the world. At least, so the Registrar-General's books said. WHAT SCHISM: MEANS. A schism in the Cburch is not simply and per se a direct and formal doubting or denial of any dogma divinely revealed to the Churoh. Schism is a dispute arising from a misunderstanding or mistake respecting a duty or some act connected with the external ordinary discipline of the Church. In this dispute parties are formed, and take opposite sides, in a congregation or in a parish, or in a diocese, or a country, or several countries, causing great scandal and disturbance, but without any intention on either side of rejecting any Catholic dootrine. But, at the same time, every schism tacitly and indirectly imperils, and sometimes impeaches, if not denies, a fundamental doctrine of the Catholic faith. Schism strike» at the unity of the faith, for it strikes at the unity of the Visible Church on earth. The Nicene creed teaches us to believe " One Holy, Catholic and Apostolic Churoh." Schism seems to split the Church into more than one: and such is always the design of the devil and his fallen hosts, when they stir up schisms, disputes, parties, divisions in the Church. " Let there be no divisions, no factions, no schisms among you," is the command of the Holy Ghost by St. Paul [1 Cor., i., iii., iv.]. As a visible body, the Church must have a visible head. The schism caused by a false claimant Pope wtfbld appear to give the Church two heads, and make it a monstrosity. No kingdom can endure two kings. It would divide allegiance and produce anarchy and civil war. THE PEACE COUNCIL OP A.D. 1414. So weary had the Church become of the anti- Popes, and their perversity and persistence in the schism begun in A.D. 1378 by the eleven French cardinals at Fondi, that from all countries came a demand for their extinction. The Catholic world would endure the false claimant Popes no longer: The Emperor Sigismund, a' sovereign with a true Catholic spirit, in desire for the peace of the Church, promoted all the preliminaries and expedited the negotiations and arrangements. It had come to_ pass that both statesmen and theologians, universities and princes, were all of one mind about the best method for restoring unity was to call on all who claimed to be Popes to resign their pretensions, whether Troll OT ill-founded, and thus leave the road dear for the election of a new Pope, who should be chosen by a united college of cardinals, of those at Avignon as well as at Rbnie. The schism would thus bfe happily and effectually terminated. Such would seem to' be the understanding and the wish of those more immediately ehgaged in the preparatory consultations. The summoning of the Council was the act of John XXHL, and it was opened at Constance on the 5th pf November, A.B.' 1414. John was vert unwilling to attend, fearing he would be called on to lay do'wn the tiara'. Gregory Xll. was as unwilling to come as John, but for different r&aOns.; He was afraid of being made.a prisoner by the partisans of^ John,. He was ready to resign lus claims, but wouM, prefer io jreiely.apd without mj^mjpultfpp. jjciiouipt XHX, or r&tfaeaijoV;" residing ,in Spain,- «nd f<»Mfam bj^ul 'jerajtjpine, fflibato ^fnem,-** .country,. was called <?n to,, *ttend, s$d subnut, ' tat,;. '-fIVMmA ryho had defied six P-opes $nd Ta;O0uneiJ. tfit Pisai now defied the .general •Counml -pf Constance, and refined to abandon bis false claims on_the Papacy; although the Emperor SigUffiuhd uWdertorfca journey from Conjstance, in Switzerland, fo Peoiteolt^j&Sjiau;^ to expostulate with and persuade him. At last Gregory sent his unconditional resignation from Rimini by his constant friend, Charles Malatesta, the powerful Count of that principality. This took place on June 26, 1417\. De Luna was then peremptorily called on to resign, and, on refusal, was declared excommunicated, and a heretic. The Council then chose 30prelsbtesto co-operate with the 2S cardinals in selecting a candidate who should, be acceptable to all parties. Tenxlays were given these 63 dignitaries to make their choice. On the 3rd day they had all agreed, and named the Carmnal Otho Colonna as their choice. The cardinals then went into conclave, and unanimously elected Oolonna to the chair of St. Peter, and he was crowned at Constance, November 11, 1417, by the title of MABTIN V., A.D. 1417. De Luna still continued contumacious and obstinate. " Ah," said Gerson, Chancellor of Paris, " we shall never have perfect peaoe until there is an eclipse of that moon!" playing upon the name of the Btiff-necked old cardinal; luna being the Latin for moon. And as butcher Orton persists to this day n calling himself Sir Roger Tichborne, o the suriy old Cardinal de Luna called himself Pope Benedict XIII. to the last. Only two or three days before his death he made two cardinals, and died in 1424, six years after the Council, at the advanced age of 90. he schismatical Spanish farce did not end even then, for these two spurious cardinals, schismatically created by the dying de Luna, went into conclave, and made themselves as contemptible as ridiculous by electing a Pope of their own, who took the title of CLEMENT VIII., 1425, which he wore for a year, or less, when he had the prudence or good sense to repent and make his submission to Martin V. • MB. GLADSTONE'S BLUNDEB. The General Conncil of Constance was celebrated in 45 Sessions. The 1st and 2nd Sessions were presided over by John XXIII. Finding how the Catholic nations were inclined to adjust the schism by oalling on all claimants to forego their pretensions or their rights, John withdrew secretly by night from Constance to a distant town, Friburg, and refused to abdicate, as he had promised at the altar of the cathedral of Constance. However, after long prevarication, he was brought back, and publicly laid down the Papal dress and name. Gregory XII. also publioly divested himself of the Papal insignia, and Martin Y. was joyously hailed as Pope by all. The 3rd Session of Constance was presided over by the Cardinal D'Ailly of Cambray. The Cardinal Jordan Orsini of Albano presided in the fourth and fifth Sessions. John de Brogni, Cardinal of Viviers, presided over all the rest up to the election of Martin V. in the 41st Sessions; and the new Pope presided ovet the four remaining Sessions. THE RATIFICATION. No decrees of any General Council have the force of law binding the faithful to obedienoe unless those decrees are officially approved of, confirmed, and ratified by the Sovereign Pontiff. Accordingly, to Pope Martin Y. fell the duty of conferring the Papal sanction necessary to render the Constance decrees valid and obligatory as decrees of the Churoh. In doing this, Martin, who required no instruction even from Heretical Prime Ministers of Englandas to the due discharge of allPapal duties, took special care to use language suitable to the solemn occasion and the solemn task before him. Martin therefore selected the Latin word " Conciliariterto indicate and distinguish the decrees to whicb he imparted the Papal approbation. Some of the decrees were passed when neither John XX1H. nor Gregory XII. nor any Pope presided in the Session either personally or by legate. These decrees were not therefore voted "cohciliariter," in the manner of a Council. The question then arises—What is the manner of a Council P The manner of a Council s, as it ever has been, to have .the Pope, or else his legate, presiding. No General Council can ever be celebrated without the Pope's consent, or without his presidency. He must be present himself, or by his , representative, otherwiseit is not " conciliariter"-^ is not in the manner of a Council. Mr. Gladstone, in his "Vaticanism," either ignorahtly or maliciously translated coneiliariter into English 'as' if the Latin wotd meant " In full Council," which is an utterly false .translation, by which ; Mr."'Gladstone endeavoWd to make Pope MartinY. foolishly confirm something: which might he faliffi, and thus atford Mr. Gldd^ne a contradiition to'the ddctrihe pf the Papal infallibility, as "defined by Pope PIus IX. of ^gloribSa memory., August 8, 1881. ; ! . Aflfour l — r r _ - to r ^execute r-decEpes, ton., the estate;, pf 7 Mf. Woo^Kright, they; vers met "by * crowd .of people/who detained ihem ;ujitjlr worl was sent t o T O P W b f l f T O J ^ * be jBxecutea, who ronoyeii »u 1 foftfrwttleand semi Wm^ift •only-PW ^ wtanoe w.eie ahjle attempted a rescue, nttt the.baMin i^ta^ea . 