Presence of Mind. I have always been, celebrated for my presence of mind in emergencies. Grandfather used to say that he never had a girl who was not afraid of a mouse or a spider, and how mother's daughter ever came to be so brave he couldn't guess. That was before I married, and, of course, I have not be- come timid with advancing years. I am Mrs. Jasper Jack man : my hus- band is, of course, Mr. Jackman, and our place is known as Jackman Nook. Nook, indeed ! If there was a corner to the world I should fancy it was put away in that, for it is the most out-ofthe-way habitation that ever existed. It is indeed. You can't see it until you are within 50 ft. of it, for the trees and the nasty rocks. " So romantic !" people say. I call it miserably lonesome. Now you know I'm not the least bit nervous, but having lived with father and mother and the rest all my life, I did not enjoy being shut up all alone like a—a—a—well a hyena in a menagerie, while Mr. Jackman attended to business in town : and I often thought if housebreakers were to make an attack upon the house, what should I do, a poor little Woman, with no one to call upon? for I count Bridget as a great cypher In every occasion of life. that does not involve soap suds. I told Jasper that absolutely, if I had known what a place Jackman Nook was, I was not sure but that I should have thought twice before re- j fushiug old Dr. Muligitawny, whose palatial residence is on Fifth avenue, New York city, as of course everybody knows. However, after you have once said " yes" to the gentleman who pops the question to you, you may say " no" ever after to all other questions for all he cares, for he'll have his own way always. Mother-in-law Jackman having made Jasper promise that I must live always at the Nook, was considered unanswerable ; and, after all, what could we do ? No one would hire or buy the place, and we had it on oiu hands. Of course we lived there. I always knew that doiqg so would be the cause of my showing the presence of mind for which I an: celebrated in my own family—if nowhere else. And so it came to pass. One stormy night in November, in the year 1863—it was the 4tb, I think, for baby was just one year old on the 1st, and there was some of the cake I had made for bressed 'ittle birfity hirfday" still left in the pantiy, and a cake of that size certainly never would last longer than that in our house. It was the most unpleasant day I ever remember to have lived through. The ground was soaked. The bare branches looked like so many skeletons, and the sky was the color Bridget's tin pans were when I first got down stairs this time last year. In the city it would have been some fun to sit by the window and watch the folks go past, looking like so many i drowned rats, but at the Nook (1, should think it was a nook) there! was nothing to he seen—absolutely nothing. I had not a book which I had not read, and the note paper was out, for Jasper had forgotten to bring me some from the city, and I had finished all my sewing. I spent my time as best I could ; but how I did wish that the regiment which was encamped about half a mile away was near enough for me to watch them drill. I'd thought them too near before, on account of Bridget, whom I have, caught a score of times talking to men in blue jackets at the gate, and wished them off to the seat of war, or anywhere else, over and over again; but that afternoon, what a relief they would have been ! I was the more lonely that Jasper had said that morning, " My dear, if it rains as it does now to-night, I shan't come home, but will stop at your father's." And how could I blame him in such weather ? Yet it was dreadfully lonesome. If you are sociable with your servants they always presume upon it, and I do so love to talk. Of course I watched the clouds with interest, if it should prove fair at last, Jasper would come home, and if it rained he wouldn't. Every now and then there would be pretence of clearing off, and I began to hope for a pleasant sunset; but it was a false pretence, and at tea time it poured as though there was going to be a second flood. Biddy asked me as it was so near the Hudson whether it wasn't likely to be risin', andd whether in that case " We wouldn't be drowned!" And I said " Yes." It was too bad, I know, but it really was some amusement on such a day to frighten the stupid girl. I had my tea alone, and I do liate to have tea alone if any woman in the world hated it—and then I put baby " asleep in the cradle in the sitting-room, i and took my knitting, and was as com; fortable as I could be under the circum; stances, when I bethought me of the | morning's paper. I called Biddy to j bring it to me, and she came to me at j once. " It's well-thought of, missus," said she, as she laid it in my lap. " It's ' yerself will be intherested in the radin'. I There's accounts of the house- breakin' I in it." I " Of what?" I ejaculated; and though I assure I'm not the least nervous, i my heart was in my mouth for a moment. " Of the house-breakin', mum, and how the thaves of the wurruld got into Misther Dinsmore's house, that's sittiated the same as this, neighboring nobody, and tuck all they could lay their hands on, to say nothin' of half murderin' the ould gentleman. The saints be above us this night •" There it was, sure enough, headed a A Bold and Outrageous Attack upon the Residence of Mr. Dismore !" I read it through, and then I said to myselt : " Jerusha Jackman, remember your presence of mind. Don't let it fail you in cases ot emergency. Should a housebreaker take advantage of your solitude, let him find you prepared." It was as though some invisible wliat's-his-name had addressed me from the chimney. I answered, "I will?" and you can't imagine how bold I grew at once. 1 rehearsed all that I should do in case Biddy came to me in the night, saying, " Missus, there's some one in the cellar!"—all I should do if I found anybody in the wardrobe when I retired, and I had the satisfaction of feeling that I was prepared. I might wake up to find the spoons gone—I might be murdered in my bed, but it would not be unawares, and they would inscribe upon my tomb- stone the words.- "She showed her presence of mind to the last." I felt quite self-possessed and happy, though I was certain—yes, morally certain—that something remarkable would happen before morning; that I should be, as it were, weighed in the balance and not found wanting before the sun arose. I did not feel like retiring early, and sat by the fire until the clock struck 11. Then, just as the last stroke died away, Biddy came down from her bedroom like a red flannel-ghost, with eyes and mouth wide open, and something of importance evidently on her mind. I put baby down in her cradle and arose, drawing myself up to my full hight, and feeling that 1 was the only one to be depended on in this awful emergency. " Bridget," said I, " how many are tbey 1 Is it one or more?" " Mum ?" said Bridget " The Thieves I mean," said I. " Oh, it isn't thaves, mum," said Biddy, " It's only that thafe of a wind that's took the roof clane off the chicken house, and there's the wee bits iv chicks a stharvin' to death wid cowld." " And in this dreadful rain, too," said I. " It's clared off fine," said Biddy, " and the moon's up." So it actually was, and I began to feel very brave. " We must go out and put them in the woodhouse," said I. And so saying I tucked baby up in his blankets, and wrapping a shawl over my head went out into the night air. It had grown very cold, but it was clear, as Biddy had said, and we paddled round in the mud catching the poor little chickens. We had "them all at last except one, and we heard its little voice—swee, swee, swee-^somewhere, and of course could not be so heartless as to forsake it. And at last there it was, tangled up in some dead vines, and as cold as a lump of ice. By the time we gave it to its mother, who was very glad to see it, the clock struck 12. Baby had been alone threequarters of an hour. " Muzzer's darling ! sound asleepy yet ?" I said, as I went to the cradle. Merciful powers ! shall X ever forget the moment 1 Baby was not there 1 In a moment the truth flashed on my mind. Housebreakers had entered the : dwelling in our absence and stolen my treasure. Perhaps they were in the house yet, or some of them. I felt the strength of a tigress, and, leaving Biddy howling in the dining-room, rushed up stairs. Sure enough there was a light in my bfedi-oom, and I peeped in. The moment I did so I felt I was powerless. The robbers who had stolen my baby was there, and the terribly muddy boots ©f another were sticking from under the bed ■ and oh, horrors ! another had got into it, and hidden, as he imagined, under the quilts. On my presence of mind depended the recovery of my child and my own life. There was but one window to the room, and that was barred, for I had contemplated the time when baby should be large enough to climb up and lean out. Noiselessly and suddenly I drew the door to and locked it on the outside, then, with the key in my hand, and trembling like an aspen leaf, I stole dcwn stairs and cried to Bridget : " I've locked them in ; they shall give uiv baby back; come with me i" and away 1 went across the garden and down the road to the first house. That was " Mulligan's tavern." a very low place, indeed, shunned by all respectable folk ; but I knew there was always men there who were aft aid of nobody. The greatest brutes would not refuse aid to a woman at such a time. As we came near I saw a light in one of the windows, and heard voices and loud laughter. It was no time for ceremony, so I burst the door and ran in. There were four men playing cards, and old Mrs. Mulligan behind the bar. " Ob, please excuse me," I cried; " but do come right away. There are housebreakers in my house, and they've stolen my baby." " Stbole the baby ?" cried old Mrs. Mulligan. " Ob, do come," I implored. " Go Pat," said the old woman : " Never mind the game. It's Missus Jackman; more betoken she's the next neighbours to us. Take yer pistols, an' and away wid ve, boys. An' Missus, just take a drop of screeehin' hot whisky to kape the life in ye." Of course I refused the latter offer, but in a moment the men were on their feet, and I felt like blessing them— those half-savage creatures who had become my protectors. I don't know how we got to the house or upstairs. I remember an awful tumult, a smell of gunpowder, oaths, and shouts. Then there was silence—then a loud laugh. " It's thrue, boys," said old Mulligan's voice. " I know Mister Jackman,an' ids himself. It's a great mishtake—that's all. " A singular mistake to enter a man's house and endeavor to shoot him in his own bed," said a voice I knew to be my husband's ; and at that I rushed into the room. He was there, and so was the baby, for he held her in his arms ; and there, also was Mulligan and his friends and their pistols, and half the furniture was broken and the stove upsec. But as for the housebreakers, they — I began to see the truth. Mr. Mulligan was backing out. u I'll leave Mrs. Jackman to ex plain," he said. " An' I'm proud I didn't kill ye; though it's out o' friendship I'd have done it: for if yer own wife j took ye foi a housebreaker, how would I know better ? The top o' the night till ye, an' I'll lave the lady to explain." Ah ! I did really wish that the ground would open and swallow me. You see my husband had come home while we were hunting up the chickens, and finding baby wide awake, had taken her up to bed and gone to sleep. And the robber under the bed was bis muddy boots, with, of course, no feet in them; and well there were none, for they were riddled with bullet holes. Mr. Mulligan had fired at them, fortunately. When I thought of the awful danger Jasper and the baby had been in, I went into strong hysterics at once, and frightened Jasper so that he was glad to forgive me when X came to myself. It was a terrible mistake, and i might have ended seriously of course ; but I will say now and always that it was Jasper's fault, and that if he had been a housebreaker we might all have been thankful for my great presence of mind. — Mary Kyle Dallas in the Pacific Rural Press. Jew-baiting in Germany.—Referring to what it terms the " extraordinary social epidemic of Jew-baiting," which recently broke out in Berlin, the Pall Mall Budget observes :—"The Jews in Germany have all the legal rights, and they patriotically perform all the duties of citizens. They rank among their numbers men of great eminence in science, literature, and politics. And yet it is possible for literary seavengers like Marr to abuse them in scurrilous pamphets which sell by the thousands, for Emperor's chaplains to denounce them from public platforms, and for a writer and politician so distinguished as professor Treitschke to excuse, if not to countenance, the insane outbreak of selfish and ignorant fanaticism. Even the vigorous protest which has just been made against this odious revival of the ' Hep: Hep' of the Dark Ages, by Eorckenbeck, Momrnsen, Virchow, and many other men of the first-rate rank, testifies to the magnitude of the eviL It has been truly said that * every country has such Jews as it deserves.' The less cultivated among the German Jews still bear many traces of the long ages of prosecution to which their race has been subjected. Their present assailants constantly accuse the Jews of a want of patriotism and of sympathy | 1 with the national life and national aspirations. In many cases this charge i is demonstrably false, but in so far as it true the conduct of the anti-Semitic j agitators explains and perpetuates the very evil which they denounce." 