THE LEADERSHIP OF THE CON SERVATIVE PARTY IN ENGLAND. It is weU-nlgh Impossible, in the present elate of Lord Beaoonefield's health, and bear ing in mind the faot that be la 7G, to help speonlatlng as to who, In the event of his de cease or retirement from aotlve political life, would snceeed him ae leader of the Oonsorva- live party In Eoglnnd. Previous to 1878 It wonld have been much easier to divine. Lord Derby would have almost Inevitably been chosen by his party to succeed Lord Beaoona- field, But the bead of the House of Stanley's seoession from tha Conservative Cabinet, in the spring of 1878, and his subsequent aotlon In retiring from the Oarlton, tbe Melbourne Olnb of England, the very headquarters of Britieb Conservatism, have pst him apparently ont of the question as a candidate for the leadership ol the party of whloh his father wai snoh a brilliant and nnwaverlng member. We say tbat Lord Derby has apparently no oboloe advisedly, for In politics, as in a great many .other matters, " AU things come to him who waits," and there are many who think that Lord Derby has not eo mnoh quitted tbo Oon< servatlve party as the party of Lord Beaoons< field, However, qui vlvra vertn, One of the reasonB that wonld oanse not n few conserve, tivea to support Lord Derby Is thst hie moat formidable rival is by no means a leader satisfactory to the trae British Conser vative mind. Lord Salisbury is too clover— one might almost eay too oleverby half— lor tho steady going British Conservative mind. He is head of a great house— Indeed a more honor able house than that of Stanley ; bnt he woe not born to tbe purple, and baa been editor of a newspaper, and a writer in the Quarterly Review. Lord Derby Is prs.omlueutly " safe," Lord Salisbury Is looked upon ae dangerous, especially elnoe hie close aaeoolatlon with Lord Beaoonefield. Still Lord Salisbury has great clolmi to lead the patty be served eo bcilli antly on tha Saturday Review for years, and, were he but ia the Lower Hours, would ho almost certain to bo ohosen, There Is a terrible doarth of rising Conservative members of the Home of Commons at present. " I have no yunng mon," Mr Dls.-aell exol.rf.ned year, aro, a ad his proferonoo for youth, and hi. effjrt. to bring forward now polltloiaus of merit, are well known. But thoso efforts havo nut been fol lowed by ouooers, and there Is hardly n rising Conservative speaker to bo namod In tbo Lower Huuse.Lerd Beaoonefiold took up Mr Henry Chaplin some few years ago as a posslblo " rlaiug man but tho uulortuuato M.P. for Liuoolurhlre took It late his head to commence operations by breaking n lanoo with Mr Glad.tono, of all pouplo In tho world. Tho caetlgntion ho rooolved in return was terrible, and Mr Chaplin's career as an orator wns brought to anfngloriou) end. lathe Lower House It Is difficult to think of any ono tit to lead tho Conservative party except Sir Stafford Northoote, who was so poor a leader of the Houso of Qjmmons when the . Conservatives were in power, that It is lm- posslblo to suppose ho oould ovor le ad a great party. The ontloak for tho Conservative .party shonld they lose Lord Beaconafiold by death or retirement le not a brilliant one. Indeed It is probable that when Lord Beaoonefield goes to Westminster Abhoy, that jeurnoy will be the etgnal for a break up and re- divlslon of the Conservative patty similar to that which took place smont the Liberate on the death of Lord Palmorstou. Just ae " Pain" was allowed on aooount of bis great services to hie party to have bis own way with tbe Liberal party, so "Dizzy" Is obeyed Implicitly by Conservatives who differ from, but yield to his authority. One thing may s.fely be prophesied, and that Is that tha present genera tion aye, and many another, le never likely to see so matchless a party leader' aa Bjojamln Disraeli, Earl of Beacooefield. Tho R.M.S. Hydaepes, with tho mills via Suez, will bo in the Bay this ovonlng. She was off Caps Otway at half-past 10 .o'clock this morning atfcil was oxpeoted to roaoh tho Heads at about half-past 3 o'clock, and the Bay abont 7 o'olook in the ovonlng. Tho malls will, therefore, be ready for delivery Brat thing to morrow morning. The following ore the deliveries of wheat, floor, and other produce at the Sponoor street station of the Victorian Railways for the week ending 2nd April Wheat, 0371 bags ; flour, 3500 bags ; bran, 1373 bags ; pollard, 201 bales ; oats, 5122 bags ; peas, 590 bags ; barley, 1G3S bags ; grass seed, 03 bags ; maize, 41 bags ; onions, 30S bags ; potatoes, 277 bags ; ohaff, 0373 begs ; malt, 210 bags. Total, OS O Vtevcro " EUm Laycook, the young Australian o.va. m»o, wbo reoently oorapated witb too great BcnllerB of tho world on tbe Thames, arrived by tbe b.b. LmitftaU yaatetday altornooo, and was this morning received by his Worship the Mayor at tbe Town Hall, who aoagratuUte.1 bim on hi safe return to nia native Und. Two drags, provided by Mr Gactjn, drove ti tbe S&udridge; IUilway Pier at Half- pa at 9 o'olook thiB moruiag, containing about twenty representative of the 11 iwlng sociation nod ooinmlttde, Ltyoook oame ashore in the steam launch of tbe Lu'itanla, r.ccjrapauied by O.tpUin Charlton &ud; Botne of the olHcars, aid was formally presented by Mr John Thompson to Mr Young, of tbe Rowing AiBocintloo OominUteo, who in tarn introduced blm to tho other gentlemen present. About 209 people ai. eembled on tbe pUr to witnoss tbe landing, and cbeersd vociferously as tbo oarsman Bfcepped aahore. The party then entered two drags, and were driven to tho Town Hall, whore hie Worship the Mayor re ceived them, expressing bis pleasure at the meeting, and congratulating Ltyoook npon Ma achievements, ne having won a num ber of great events. Mr DavH Ii9J then favur&d; the company wish soino aeluotioaa upon the grand organ, after which an ad journment w&3 made to the Mayor's room, where »ome light refreshments ware provided. After ssvsral tenets were proposed the p>rty then diried, A formal pre-JtmUbioa to Mr Laycock of the amount of the subscribed money raised will bo mude by the hou. G. Coppin at tbo Theatre Itoyal to- night, The inquest on tbe woman E'lza P-'fcrovtat wbo was admitted yesterday to tau Melbourne Hoppital Buffering from a gunshot wound, and disd yesterday ovoniug, will be held to-morrow morning at tbe Melbourne Hospital. We direct the attention of one reader to an advertisement in another column, in whloh toe Govemnment Statist request? that all oases of neglect on tbe part of the OenBu? C illeotora may be reported to him, ood mention that Jotters addressed to the Government StitUt, Melbourne, are delivered free of postage if endorsed with tbe word "Oenan?." A groBB caea of oruelty, whloh should cer tainly commend itself to tha Society for tbe Breventionjof Charity to Aaiaula.has recently come under notice at Brunswick. A resident of Morcland road, Mr Richard Gosling, Is tbe owner of a greyhound elut, which left hia premises for a few minutes and on returning, he was horrified to diaoover a f ri httal gash In her aide from which her entrails protruded, the wound wn s about tm iaohes in length and bad evidently been wilfully inflicted with some sharp instrument. Mr Gosling promptly stitched up the gaah, and about bait an hoar afterwards tbe slut was delivered of a litter cf pups fourteen in all, ths first two being born dead As the elut is a full sinter to one of our best known sporting dog, and the pup? are by another good performer, the orael doed has no doubt been done maliolou&ly;, and for thfi pur pose of injuring tbe owuer, A man named John Forrest, ngod 02, a rop maker, residing at 1S7 Cambridge street, Colllngwood, wn? found lying ia aa uncon scious st&ta;, about half past six o'olook yesterday evjnln, at the loterseotion of tho St Kilda and Ssndrldge roads. Ocujtable Wade conveyed the man to tbe Melbourne Hospital, where he wn? attended to by Dr Sutherland early this morning. An Inquest will be held to-morrow, John Kavanagh was charged, at the FUzroy Police Court this morning, with oraeliy ill- treating a horse. The Inspector for tbe Sioiety for the Prevention of Oruelty to Animals etated that oa tbe 26th alt. tbe prisoner was at the Viotorla Market with a horse and oart, Tbe animal was unfit to work, and tbe Impaotor told Knvanagh eo, and warned blm) bat no notico was taken of the admonition, and legal proceedings were accordingly instituted, Mr Marson, veterinary surgeon, aald that the horse w&b; foundered In the fore legs and bad ring bonce. Tho bench fined him L5 and L2 2j oosfci, or one month In gaol. Lately Stawell has had its " ghost," but, as we learn from the Pleasant Creek ewa, the mystery Is now solved. Oar contemporary mentions that tbe bouse alleged to be visited by nnoanny creatures 1b that oooapled by Mr Ingram and bis family, in Patriok Btreet, and the Jnmatea were occasioned considerable an- easiness by tbe eonBelesa freaks of tbe 11 ghost," It appeara tbat several young men wore on the watch late on Wednesday night, in order to ascertain if tbe noises heard were the reBult of human agenoy or not. At about balf-psefi 12 o cloak a ghost was aoen to riee from tbe ri onn 1 in the moat approved ethereal manner, wit i tbe usual white sheet gatmenture, and as It advanced towards the house in question < mlt strange groans and cries, The watchers, how ever, were determined to oluoidate the wyatary, and they accordingly advanced towards tho doubtless trusting to Its ghoBtly habiliments and ories, and to the Innate superstition of bnmau nature, also advanced towards them. Ae soon as tbe figure came wlthlQ reaob It was grasped, and on tbe sheet being torn off disclosed the features and' form of a young woman wbo residss In tbe nelgh« borhood. After talking to the culprit well, tbe watchers allowed her to go home, Tbe case may bave been one of somnambulism, ao that the young woman wonld not be reepon- Bible for her notions ; bnt It Is more than probable that tbe whole affair arose from a senseless and wicked desire to frighten nolgh bore. The suddenness of the apparition, and its seeming to oome out of the earth is ac counted for by tbe fact that on the allotment of land from which the "ghost" ocmo there once stood a publlrijoiiHo, vrhloh was reoently V removed. Tne crilr.r of this building furnished/ a tfooa hidiiu'.ylccc whlR the sheet was belnw donned, and euldsd to tbo deQsption bL . giving ths "ghrsl" u nppearanco of having oome from the ho#el« of thi: earth. Tbo porformaooo of Korry Gow, at the Theatro Royal, ou Saturday night, may bo considered a highly success ful one, although the plot ol the dram and tbo general style In whlob It was carried out differed but littlo from those Irish dramas with which tho public havo po long b-on "U1': liar, The sulrlt with which It wns played, and the Interppt the uctors evidently tonkin the piece sufficed to pull it triumphantly through. Some realistic effocta aro lutroduoed iu tbo oouiso of tho drama, notably tho shoeing of a horse, for which Mr Walt m ha? been under going a regular course of tuition, and tho piece rpob freshly and w»«ll. It will bo repeated to night, nod will probably havo a prolonged run. Tho iutprcfit of tbe performance will bo on- bau.od to- night by tho prosontation to Lay- cock, tbo Australian noulior, of a puree of sovercigUB and au address, whloh will be mnuc on tho stage, Tho production of Liz at tho Bijou Theatre on Saturday night was a doolded suooesB. Tho piece is somewhat melodramatic, but tho In terest is aatoulabing, aud continues sustained until tho end. It Is well put ou, and the soenory and mountings are all that oould bD des'red. It will be rcpoaUd until further notico, aud must inevitably became ivcry popular. Tbo porformanae at tho Princess's Theatre on Saturday night was largely attended, and Mr Horkius, a? Aminadab SUek, was warmly reoeived. He w«s admirably supported. Mrs llyan, as Lady Siwerby Qreamly, oould hardly be improved, and MIjh Murtyno puahod vory prettily us Emma Torrons, Mr O'Noll made a cspital Ofptain Murphy Magnlro, and Miss Willis wa well suited ns Mrs Ormaby Ddla malno, To-night Mr Ilosklns, by request, will appear ae Hamlet, and expectation Is on tip toe. The Zulu War panorama has entered upon another week triumphantly, and there can bo but littlo doubt that It is oue of the moat popular exhibitions of tho kiud that has visited Melbourne, Besides tha oxcellooce of tbe painting, aud tho real ly roHablo nature of the pictures, so far as truth to uatare Is con- oerned, tha derorlptivo looture Is full of bits of terBe, orlsp, illustrative matter, whioh never wearies, hut supplies ju?t what is wautad to enable the visitor to thoroughly enjoy hlm- s 