COUNTRY INTELLIGENCE. (Br Electkic Teuegaifq.) . (FROM OUR OWN OOBRESFOSDEKIS. : Baixarat, March 3. : A fire broke out this evening, "between 9 snd 10 o'dock, in tbe back premises of Mr. Dawson, ironmonger, situated between tbe filar and Courier offices, both of which were at one time in danger. The fire extended to tbe back portion of the front shop, snd be sides destroying everything in the rear of the fila- office, did considerable damage in the freat shop. Great apprehension was fdt lest there might lie large deposits of gunpowder on hand, but Mr. Dawson says that the stock was not huge. The cause of the fire is a mystery at present. An insurance is effected, but in what office Mr. Dawson could not inform me. i Mastbobougb, March 3. I Magisterial inquiries were held at Garis- i brook and Majorca today upon the bodies of I two men struck by lightning in the heavy I storm which visited this district last night. At the former place Mr. Geo. Crooks, J.P., ' presided, when evidence was given to tbe effect that as the deceased, Martin O'Kelly, | was returning home, at about half-past 7, oa horseback, he was struck behind the ear % lb/electric fluid and killed. The pony I which he was riding was also killed nndm- I him. The deceased's ear was split, and bis | bat was smashed in. At Majorca, Mr. D. I Stavely, J.P.. conducted an inquiry as to the I death of James Biley. It appeared by | medical evidence that ligh thing was the I oanse. After the storm the dead body was I found on the ground, near a farmer's hoose, I about a mile from the township. Verdicts I were given in both cases of accidental death. I A Ghost Story. —On Thursday I Bjgto ao amctfiing case occurred to a resident I <rt HKniltou, but which miht have been1 I fctfeadedwith more 8erionscon8eQaeiioes.' The I "rtim. however, had been waroed beforehand I 'bat some person or persons were playing I some practical joking on the road, trying to I Play the " ghost." Tbe ' rider being pre- I P»ed. was equal to the emergency, and was I tady for the encounter. .""'he ghost di;l I jJPPe'-, and seemed about 7 feet in height, I Jessed in white garments, in the centre _of I "s road. Being warned, the intended victim I aajd nothing, bat got off his horse and went I fP«ght for tbe ghost and- giving him s dig I S . .stomach, and calling oat for « certain I 5?Uton policeman, several persons took to I Ha beels and were very soon out of ragt- I I "to the intended victim not been warned, tbe causeqnenees might have bemi serious, and I <speaa% if any ladies hal happened to I be walking along the road, it -might have I b«u worst, !. 