[?] NAPOLEONIC SUPERSTITIONS. Br Moncdbe D. Coxwat. Is the will ot Napoleon III. ooonrs the following remarkable passage :—' With re gard to my son, let him keep us a lalismao the seal I usad to wear attached to my watch, and wbioh come* from my mother ; let him carefully preterve evutytLiug that cornea to me from the Bmp'.-ror, my uncle ; a..d lot him be convinced that my heart and my soul remain with him.' Tiie telesram from Cipe Tuwn wbioh announoad the find ing of the late ex-Prince Imperial contains those words : ' Tuo Prince's body was found stripped of all clothing, but had not suffered any mutilation, and the reliquary whioh he vvoce suspended by a chain ir/om hia uttok, together with his watch aud rings, was found lying uear the spot where he fell.' The ?? talisman' wbiou the late Emparor so sulemnly enjoined hi* son to wear, which he did wear, and which returns to his mother from that wild soene beside the Tombakala, is film, at certainly the once famous cburin of Charlemagne. It has a more interesting story than any gem iu Europe, if not in the world. In the course of studies for other purposes I have recently come upon legendary traces of this curious objaot. ' La plus belle reliqae da 1'Burope,' aa a Frcooh antiquarian dutoriued it in the lust generation, was by one myth said to have been contrived by one of the Magi belonging to the court of liaroun-al-BuBohid, who came from the East to pay homage to the great Emperor of the West along with certain ambassador*. The wife of Charlemagne, Fastrada, asked the Magi for a talisman which w-Mild always oauae her husband to be fascinated by its wearer, and this charm was framed at ber iustance. But another fable ascribed to it the following origin. While uus iHtnaKoe bad hie seat at Zum Ljch, n«ar Zurich, administering exaol juatioe to all, he had a oolumu fixed at his gaiaa with a bail and a rope. It was open to anyone de manciirg justice to sound this bell; and when the Emperor heard it, even though at bis oinalrt, he would instantly answer tbe summons. On ope occasion this bell was repeatedly ruug without any person being found near it. At length an enormous serpent was found twined around the rope. The Emperor, heating this, immediately went forth ; the serpent inoliued respectfully before him, and then moved slowly off; Charlemagne followed it to the river, where he saw a monstrous toad sittiuK upon tbe nogt and eggs of the serpent. Raaolved to administer justice to all creatures, the Emperor ordered the toad to be burned. A fow days after, thiB serpent crept into tbe judgment- hall, bowed low to tiie Emparor, crept upon the table, aud having dropped a preoious stone into a golden goblet, glided quietly away. The Emperor, impressed by this marvel, built on the spot where tbe serpent's nest had been a church oalled ' Wasaerkeloh.' He gave the precious stone to bia beloved spome, Fantrada. Tbe stone so drew toward her the Emperor's iove that be could hardly suffer her out ot his sight. In the hour of her. death, the Empress, dreading lest another should suooeed her in tbe affeo tions of tbe Emperor, plaoad the gem beneath her tongue, and it was buried with her. Oharlemange could not separate himself from the body, and for eighteen years earried it about with him.. At length his oonfesaor, by some blaok art, discovered the stone and its virtues; altar whioh Charlemange allowed the body to be interred, and transferred bit affection to the confessor, who became his Piime Minister, Archbishop of Mainz, and Chnnoellur of the Empire. But ttieo, either in a moment of repuntanoe or anger, thia individual threw the stone into a lake near Ingethilm. Then the affootion of Oharle mange was diverted from his former favourite to the lake, and he built beside it a palace, for whose dcooration hia other imperial residences were made bare. But when Oharlemange oame to dio, tils throes were long and violent; and the archbishop, knowing the oause, had the lake draggnd tor the gem he had thrown into it. The talisman having been restored to the person of the monarch, he died peacefully (1814). The tomb of Charlemagne, at Aixla Chapelle, was opened by Otto III. iu 997, ana it is slid tuat tho wonderful gam was fjuod suspended from his neok. However that may be, the gem had betn for a long time the most valued relic in Aix-U- Ctiapelle when it was presented by that city to Napoleon I. It was at a moment when he seemed to many, pre-eminently to himself, an avatar of (Jnarlemagoe. Napoleon pre sented it to bis favourite Hortense, ci-dtvant Queen ot Holland. At her deatb, ia 1837, it parsed to her eon, Napoleon III. It shared his imprisonment at Ham, and accompanied him through all his vioissitudes. Ia the coarse of its long history tbe preoioas stone has undergone evolutions. The nnt-like stone constituting its basis is surrounded by aatique filigree of floe gold, and is set with various gems. There are several relics about it. In tbe centre is a portion of tbe Holy Cross. Possibly it gained its ssnotity after losing its virtues as a love charm. Some of the variants of its legand look 8B if its virtues had gone into the thermal waters of Aix-la-OhapelU, whioh would aooount for the association of the ser pent with it — of old the guardian of wells. A.t any rate, Horlense had an experience of its attractive powers widely different from that of Faatrada. The Magtan amulet could not co-operate with tbe true oroBB, and Uortenee was divorced from her husband in 1810\. it appears to have bad equally little uf tne power originally ascribed to it in the odse of the Into Emperor. For while it was worn by him, and he was writing so sol emnly aoout ic in his will (dated 24:h April, I860), he wrote sadly in another clause of tue aiiae instrument that ' contemporaries seldom render (one) justice,' and ' it is 'necessary to consider that from Heaven on high those whom you have loved regard and protect you ; it i« tha soul of my illus trious uncle that has always inspired and euutaiutd me.' Whether ttie late Emperor would have ex pressed himself so strongly about the talu uian if his wilt had been written after SeJao. is questionable. It is open to speculation how far the young ex-Prince was influenced by this tttlismau. That which his father wore at his watch chain the son wore suspended upon his breast, as Odtholioa wear the most anorud reliquaries iu whose proteo tive virtues they bulieve. The utrauge mystioal addresses to the Deity found among this youth's papers reveal a degree of superstition about himself whioh amounts to a psychological phenomenon. At tbe seat of war iu Africa he displayed a recklessness whioh has led some to believe that his desire to do 'something to get himself talked about' (words reported from him by his intimate friend M. Ainigues) amounted to insanity, while others believe that he sought death. But it is possible that a natural rashness of disposition, and the tradition that a Napoleon must begin with a military halo, were turned to fatal foroes by seoret faith in the potency of this talisman. There is, 1 think, no reason to suppose that the Bonaparte family are by nature more superstitious than others. It would rather appear that Imperialism itself is a great s uperstitlon, and that all who become ueirs to it find themselves brought into a weird realm of shadows, whioh become potent through belief in their reality. On the day when the telegraph bronght news of the finding of the young pre tinier' a body, I was present at a pecformsoos of Viotor Hu£O't|Hernant by the Oomedie Franchise, London. Tne royal box was filled, and ihoss in it had an opportunity of learning the primitive sense of tbat imperialist title whioh Lord Beaoontfleld lately hung round the neck of Viotoria at a talisman to win the nomaga of India. Don O-trlos enters the tomb ot Gharlsmsnw a King ; he comet ont an Emperor. The Sing had been a ooBtempttbU wrstou, assailing the virtue of a heiplesx lady, Feparating her from bar lover, albeit the latter had spared bis life ;. the- Em- peror is noble, raises the lovers to dignities, and unites them. In the romantic imagination even of Viotor Hugo, fifty years ngo, there was a divinity hedging about an Emperor. When the three strokes of tbe distant bell have announced tbat the election has fallen on Don Carlos, and he suddenly appears at the door of the mausoleum, where be had secreted himself to overhear hia conspirators, these men, brave and wronged, are para lysed in his presence, their lights go out, thnir weapons are lowered. Behind the Hmperor is not only Obarlemsgne, but a loug prooession of nmjestio ghosts who in tbeir dny vindicated the man in whom was nubility aghast the man who was in the nobility. Toe mediaral straggle bdween tbe hereditary ohief and the chief Dei gratia is now represented by the rivalry between teuiiimaov and a sovernment ' by the will of God aud the French people ;' and as in tbe far past Pretenders looked for signs from heaven where Legitimists looked to pedigrees, even now we find ancient superstitions hovering around Imperial, long after they have left merely royal houses. Not long ago the little Prince Waldemar died at Berlin. Next day it was telegraphed over Europe tbat a soldier on night-watch had e«en ?- the White L»dy,' When the Prinoe of Wales was supposed to be dying at Sand ringham, he had a no more distinguished banshee than a dog, whose howling one night sounded over England next day. Nor can I learn that there has been any apparition of tue Wiiite Lady announcing a death until the Kiug of Prussia- became the Emperor of Oerinaey. The While Dove whioh tbe Bona partial reporter of tbe Qauloii saw descending upon St. Augustus Cburoh, in Paris, on tue oooasion of the Requiem for tbe Prince Imperial, might at first be supposed a mere competitor with the White Lady. So long as a sapernatural messenger it maintained in tbe imperial livery on the right bank of the Rhine, it can bardly be expected that Buou a dignity will be dispensed with on the ' \ bank, especially since it is very ouuap. But really these apparitions have no oonneotion exoept in the primitive mental and moral habitat of imperialism; wherever that ancient atm sphere receives a shook, these old mythic bate ara startled, and flit about, aud then subside till — the next time. But they report just what is ever present in the imperialist mind, detaching it from the every day light of oornmon-sense and republican prinoiple. Tua White Lady ia a survival from the Nurse goddess Fngga, the wife of Odin. When Odin, or Woden, was diaboliced into a Wild Huntsman, Frigga was declared by the Christian missionaries to be a she devil. But this degradation succeeded hut b owly. Frigga had been a sweet Madonna to the Germans, and when sbe ceased to be worshipped she beoame tbe Good Fairy. Sue was even believed in some regions to have become a proselyte of the Ghtistiau fiiitu, and to attend the baptism ot her favourites. From being the protector of all German households, she beoame the guardian of tbe imperial family, whioh represented all families. Tiii* popular superstition was festered in high plaoes, siooe it invested the throne with an association of antiquity, and also of original oonneotion with the peasantry. The tradition had its utility onoe, and is now a survival.-' The White Dove comes from the ancient Christian heavens, and in imperial symbol ism has always been supposed to bring the divine sancion wtiiob it brought at the hantism of Christ — ' This is Mv beloved Son I' It is said that to aoquire this sanctity Mahommed trained a white pigeon to perob oa hit shoulder. A white dove is said to have brought tbe erism at the baptism of Ciovis, founder of the French monarohy ; and a white dove was oarved on the sceptre of Charlemagne, as founder of the Oerman Empire. White doves were said to have coma to bear the soul of Louis ot Thatingia to heaven — a legend remembered in the departure of Lohengrin, in a boat drawn by while doves. The symbol was adopted by tbe constitution of tbe Order of the Holy Ghost in tbe fourteenth century. At the consecration of monarchs in France it has always been the oustom to let loose white pigeons in the church. In England this custom is faintly remembered in that of bearing the dove sosptre before a monaroh at obsecration. In France, where these tradi tions possess the greatest intensity, there is still a feeling among Imperialists that tbe Holy Ghost mast proaaanae in favour of eooh emperor who claims to rule above hereditary kings. Whenever there is an inward appeal of this kind for a sign from heaven, tbe answer to ic is pretty sure to be teoeivei — either by the artifice of politicians, or through tbe potent vision of faith, whicb generally sees what it has a mind to. 