^?^^^V&PMance; Meeting. Ojf Mtitiday evening a meeting in connexion ?With the Church of England Temperance Society Was held in the schoolroom, and was tendered of more than ordinary interest by rtttv address by the Lord Bishop of Goulburn. There was a very large attendance of members and of the public. .. .Before his Lordship's. address, .a few con ?' ' tributions wore given as follows: — Clara ' Percival recited 'The Child's Trust;' Thomas Parker, ' The Good Time Coming ;' Alice M'Cutoheon, 'The Ship on Fire;' and William Hudson. ft Tell'a Sneec.h.' ^TKeserjWero all a pleasure :tb hear; and ?f':!Teii'i. Speech' was given. with excellent spirit anil enunication, and Master Hudson J - was rapturously applauded for what was ??' indeed a very cleverly rendered recitation. Miss Newman kindly favoured the audience with a sweet solo, ' Angels ever Bright.' The Eev. S. B. Holt (chairman), by way '??.: -of introduction of his Lordship's address, said it was with great pleasure indeed he welcomed the Bishop and Mrs. Thomas to the , - meeting. They had both undergone great toil in travelling in other parts of the diocese, but the meeting would regard it as a great favour to have even a few words of en couragement for the glorious and arduous work in which their society was engaged. The Bishop said he was very thankful to see so large a number of persons presont, including so many young friends, and also to hear that the society was making rapid progress: but he felt that he could not ^proceed further without making some refer once to the loss of a good friend and servant ?of the church just sustained in the death of . Mr. Miller. He could testify to the good which had been done by Mr. Zvjjller's earnest labours for the spiritual welfare of his fellow creatures. He remembered with what zeal and faithfulness he laboured at Tarago and Goulburn. Mr. Miller was a good, earnest, Christian man, and had a benevolent heart ; and the church had lost a valuable friend in his removal to the Heaven above. He had hoped to reach his friend in time to have enjoyed a pleasant conversation with him ; but God had willed it otherwise, and he now ' . expressed his warmest sympathy with the parish and friends on account of the loss of , Mr. .Miller.— Since they had set out on their ,' journey from Goulburn they had visited different places of interest in the diocese, and had just come from Wagga andTemora. He was, therefore, on account of his travel ling, somewhat less vigorous than usual, nevertheless, he stood forth with pleasure to congratulate those before him — especially .... ....,, hisiriends Mr. Holt and Mr. Deas-Thomson ,.,';. —on the successful organization and satis-; ;„'?';. factory progress of their Temperance Society. The young friends before him were being ... enlisted young — before the evil habit of in digence was formed; and they were fortu .nate in this. He would have them remem ber that the Bible was very emphatic in condemning drunkenness, but it also led them to seek the power which the Holy Ghost !,' could' give them to' enable them to fight ' against this sin, against, every sin. And tne Bible did not give them only one phase of the question of temperance. It warned them' to beware 'when the wine was red' but it also recommended Timothy ? -?* to take a 'little wine' for his oft infir mities : so that, whilst it commended its 1186, it condemned the abuse of wine. They were thus, if they took it at all, . - » to ;use it with moderation— to. take it medi-' cinally. They could not, therefore, on the , ?:. basis of scriptural teaching, condemn r , those who used it; but no harm could possibly happen by recommending people !? even to abstain from it altogether. He had :? .;' had the pleasure of speaking at a meeting elsewhere, on the question of temperance, and;; had. quoted the opinions of eminent T'V doctors as to the use of spirituous liquor; andithese went to show that, taken even in moderation, more or less injury resulted to the human body. The medical testimony went to show that it was impossible for it to ?»??.' .; be taken regularly without traces of it being found in the human body.; disease was undoubtedly caused by it; and medicine was , rendered less powerful on account of it. So that the only save way of avoiding its evil effects* was to abstain from it altogether; 'and'fhere was no doubt of it^that we had y 1 strong scriptural condemnation of intemper ance. Then how sad it was to reflect upon ? . -: j..wits;pvii effects upon the famjUy— -how it left them wretched and .degraded; poorly clothed, poorly domesticated, and scantily fed. It ; „ . .plunted the moral sense and moral, feelings. The dr^m|:ard would sacrifice home, family, -?dffectionf and reputation for indulgence in .-.?'??. rMs-bes'etting vice. Therefore, any person of manly feeling ought to persistently 'and \- ? -.\\\\. ? Btrongly condemn this vice. It was;amazing, \- too, what waste resulted from the evil of drinking; and,; as a contrast, he related Gough's anecdote of the sailor and the hard lump, in order to show what could be saved in money by the drunkard freeing himself of hw*eyil habit. It appeared to him wonder ful with what indifference men regarded the , waste pf money when they gave way to the habit of drunkenness. Now, if there were ? anjLSuchin this parish, he would suggest f \ :{ '???- that,i|;'ttiet money now wasted in drink were f' devoted'to the reduction of the church debt, he ventured to say the latter would sopn melt' away (laughter). Quoting from statis tics, collected by order of the British House of Iiords, he stated that 25 millions of '.?.'I. sovereigns were :^pent every year in beer alone 'by the working men of Great Britain ; \ '' and by all the English population something ... , ;like 130 millions annually was thus wasted. ( 'Therefore, they who were members of the so ciety in this parish might take1 heart from ? V, tne reflection that they tvere setting a good example in endeavouring to pro mote habits of temperance. They were deserring of credit for being the Bft$; parish ' iti the diocese to establish a braiicn of the :a;-:#lH^.y-vi:;''::'. ' :?% . :.,.*;, :S-\\-'-- \\.,, '???' society ; and he earnestly hoped the example would, be followed by other parishes. Coo tamundra was even before Goulburn in this good work ; but he was glad to say they had recently established two branches of the society in the city of Goulburn. He had just come from Temora, and whilst there was struck with the vast number of public houses. It has always been said of English men that when they form a new settlement or new colony, one of the first institutions they introduce is a public-house. He feared this was a truth, of which Temora was a striking example, for. almost every second house had its signboard. With all this, however, he was pleased to testify that the place was very orderly; and the people seemed very anxious for a church and clergyman. — Referring to the present meet ing, his Lordship said he had not had any idea of the nature of its proceedings until he entered the room ; but he was much pleased with the meeting, and he would indeed be thankful if they could succeed in establish ing branches in all the parishes of the diocese, for they exercised a healthy restrain ing influence from indulgence in unprofitable habits and pastimes. He must therefore, before concluding, say a few words as to the principles of their socioty. Benefit societies undoubtedly did good, but something beyond these was needed — they wanted, in order to be successful in reclaiiniug the intemperate, to speak to a man for his soul's sake — to give him new motives, to encourage him to aim at new objects, to make, in short, a new man of him ; for without divine aid it seemed impossible to have strength to to resist the great temptation. Men had tried in vain without this, and had failed, so that in order to be successful they should commence at the right end. They of the Church of England had taken a vow against all sin — 'to fight manfully against sin, the world, and the devil,' and the divine aid would, help them to keep their vows. So, as a main .principle of the society, they sought that aid in pledging themselves against intemperance. He would again say he was thankful for what the society had done ; and with all his heart could wish it still to suc ceed — not only in Cootamundra, but in every parish. The Bishop resumed his seat amidst applause. The Eev. Mr. Holt expressed his thankful ness for the success that had attended the society, and corrected the Bishop wherein he gave credit to him (Mr. Holt) for that result. That credit was due to Mr. Deas-Thomson, the committee, and officers of the society, ?whom he thanked for their labours. He had taken a great interest in the society, and could say that that interest was growing with him, and he hoped in future to pay closer attention to the work of the society. Two more recitations 'were given — by Philippa Dunshea, ' ' How to cure a cough ;' and by Eobt. Gray, ' ' The auction.' The following commttee and 'officers were then elected by the meeting ; on motion of Messrs E. Jones and W. H. Matthews : — President, Eev. S. B. Holt ; vice-president, Mr. E. E. Deas-Thomson ; treasurer, ! Mr. E. Jones ; secretary, Mr. Fred. Pinkstone ; juvenile secretary, Master Clarence Arm strong ; committee — Messrs. E. P. Barnes, W. H. Matthews, and S. Boberts. The meeting was then closed by singing, , and the blessing by the Bishop. Several new members joined the branch, and temperance magazines were distributed. 