MELBOUHNE GOSSIP. By H.J.H.M. The Matidal loving portion of our community bave recenily had two very interesting cases to gloat over—a breach of promise of marriBge, and a disputed will involving a large sum of money. My lady friends persist on appealing to me for my opiniou, but as I happen to hold views not altogether in accordance with the majority, I invariably declare that, as I am not seised of all the particulars concerning one case, and the other being tub judice, judgment so far as I ain concerned must be reserved. The Lamout will case is far too good a thing for the lawyers to let slip through their fingers in a hurry, and as the testator appears to have left his money to strangers, because he had so little love for his relations, one can hardly blame the gentlemen of the long robe for thinking that one stranger is as good as another. With regard to the breach of promise, one may hazard an opinion, sinoe the jury have given theirs and have backed it up with the respectable sum of £200. I refer to the case of Brooks v. Smith, where a lady had to sue in her maiden name after being twice married, As particulars of this celebrated case have in all probability appeared in this journal, I shall not repeat them here. What makes this case such a general subject of conversation is the fact that one can never be quite sure whether one is married or single. Mr. Ooutts, no doubt, firmly believed himself to be a benedict, till Mrs. Ooutts discovered that he was a bachelor possessed of £600 of her money, and proceeded to quarrel With him for it. I can't say that I have much respeot for a lady who, according to her own showing divided her affections so evenly between her husband de facto if not de jtiye and her lodger, and who was so willing to link her lot with either provided he would only submit to the necessary legal ceremony. Public sympathy is undoubtedly with Mrs. or Miss Brooks, and since she has that and £200 sterling, perhaps the lady will rest contented as a femme sole. Beally something ought to be done to assimilate the marriage law throughout Her jlost Gracious Majesty's dominions. It does seem strange that the subjects of one of the most virtuous of monarchs should be trapped into a breach of the moral code, or be liable to be robbed of hard earned savings and turned adrift to starve or to go to a benevolent asylum in old age. A friend from Geelong has been giving me a glowing account of the increneed commercial prosperity of the Pivot. I fancied Geelong must be looking up when I heard that a double line of rails waB required from the railway station to the wharf. Mr. John Woods was not so far wrong after all when he declared that the Ouiao line would pay when carried on to the border of South Australia. During the last SHaaon.in addition to 45,333 bales of wool, no less than 810.478 bushels of wheat were shipped from the port of Geelong, and no less than 01 vessel* cleared out. representing a total tonage of 38,082 tons. Being a resident of Melbourne I nf course think there is no plaoe like Melbourne, hut for all that I am not so blin Jed by prejudice ns Dot to «ae_.tbat the interest of ihe colony demands that the metropolis shall not be allowed in monopolise all the trade. I differ from those who think that a city, town, or township i-hnuld l« anbfi'lized with public money, that it tuay continue to exist, simply because it does exist; hill I do think that trade should be allowed to fl.,w in its legitimateehannels and not be div to the capital. To my mind the farmer has an undoubted right to demand that he shall have a good road on which to send his produce to the nearest port, be it where it may, and as the iron road is the cheapest, the quickest, and the best, that is the road he should have when he asks fur it. A yield of 9,863,056 bushels of wheat, the produce of the colony this season, is the ontoome of a vast amount of privation, patient endurance, energy, and enterprise, and those who have practised all these virtues, much to the bene6t of the State, and very little to their own, are oertainly entitled to at least as much consideration as well-paid artisans, denizens of our big cities. A week ago we bad almost made up our minds thattheoountry was to have peace. Political lions, wolves, and jackals-had agreed to compr'oE!"®: so we were told. According to reoent reports the most rapacious of these animals are not contented with the good feeds they have had, but are determined to have more. To speak plainly th#extreme Radioals in the Lower House are so desperately afraid that when a Reform Bill is passed their occupation will be gone, that they are likely to induce our vacillating Premier to turn his back on the olive branch now beiDg held out by the Council, and instead of the Oouncil being reformed, there will be another deadlock. Far be it from me to have the honour ot being a prophet, when I can see only mischief looming in the distance. The Appropriation Bill is not passed ; the civil servants are unpaid ; and their butchers and bakers are clamorous and anxious. Nearly everybody expects to see the Land Tax Bill kicked out by the Council or ' amended in such a way as practically to mean the same thing. I believe Mr. Berry intends to take his stand on the all round ten pounds franchise, and if the Council agree to mat he will be hoisted with his own petard; if not," to your tents, Oh Israel." Do yon. toy good air, ever read the lady's column in any of those journals which are so considerate as to devote a column to matters pertaining to the fair sex ? If you do not you should do «o. You will be both enlightened and entertained. Take this for instance—" The fate »t parasols is almost decided ; they are to be We in size and to match the oostume in colour. Who, I wonder, decides the fate of parasols? Old Sol, one would suppose, sinoe he settles the question whether one is to have a sunstroke or reauire an ulster. Only to think that the wife of your bosom (that wife of whom you are so oroud) might have had the tip of her flose seorohed till it resembled a drinker's, if the deoree of fate had been for small-sized parasols. Marie Goubaud evidently knows next to nothing of human nature. With her a woman is only a lay figure, on which to hang so many yards of onstly material, cut and trimmed till it becomes an abomination of ugliness, inconvenience, and expensiveness; and only useful for promoting celibacy, through making (in the minds of a bachelor of limited means) a charming woman into a scarecrow. Of Frenchwomen Marie may know something, but one thing is certain she lias never seen an Irishwoman. X mean an Irish lady, not Biddy the oodk or Mary the housemaid i and yet both of these oould soon enlighten her. Here is a specimen ot innocence— one pf tb« latefb eeosntrioities of (atbion w the jdeptton 17 Mta W «»?"> WIS" not attempt to explain this somewhat extraordinary tnsio for military distinction, but it is plainly discernable among our elegantes." What? Oan't account for a woman's tsste !»r military distinction 1 Fie, Marie 1 You are a hypocrite. One more little bit of unsophisticated innocente, and I bave done with Marie. "It would be better, we think, if we must adopt this article of attire, at least to change its Dame so aB to avoid unnecessary confusion, and give it a more lady-like nomenclature." This suggestion is past a goak. Why, the thing is pretty in the eyes of beauties, only beoause it is " manlike,' and would not be tolerated for an hour, under any other name. In the miscellaneous column of the Australasian of this week the disappearance of ghosts from Scottish moors is satisfactorily accounted for by an old Scotchman. He says " it requires Scotch whisky on the top of old nle to enable a man to see a ghost really worth talking, about/ Although we have not got any moors in this colony we have some lonely paddccks _ which ought to answer the some purpose. A friend of mine a few nights ago plied me with enough whisky to enable a man to see fifty ghosts, and that too on the top of some good ale. I rode over some paddocks studded with ringed and leafless gum trees, which looked ghostly and weird-like enough in the moonlight. But I never saw the ghost of a ghoBt. Ah, I can tell you the reason. The whisky was good, not rpw spirit, but genuine " Castle Blend. You can bet your bottom dollar that neither a ghost nor a headache could be made out of a gallon of that whisky. Writing of Castle Blend puts me in mind that this was the only Scotch whisky which obtained the highest award at the Melbourne International Exhibition. Such> good liquor deserves a word even from a gossiping correspondent. 