TULA TRK HO E,l L.— MACBETH. Iilr. D. II. Harkins appeared ne Macbeth on Saturday night, at tiio Tlie&tro; Royal, boforo a moderatu audience. During the pre sent Sliakspeariiin season, which terminates this week, .Mr. Harkins lias established a re putation ns a painstaking actor. His Macbeth, thoucrh not the most finished of his perform- ances, bears tho impress of considerable study. Tho broad outlines ol llio character were sketched with skill, and some of the minute touches, wherein the higher qualities of the actor assert themselves, wero so brought out as lo deserve recognition. In the scenes pre ceding nnd subsequent tothemurderof Duncan, Mr. Harkins's acting was not so good ns might have been wished. His soliloquy to tho air- drawn dagger wns given with too much prepara tion, more like a set deulamntion than a spon taneous utterance. The horror and remorse felt by Macbethafter tho perpetration of tho murder was well represented, though au unintention ally comic aspect, was given to the linos de scribing t.hc waking of the grooms. " I could not say amen," was slowly and sadly spoken, followed by a pause after the word "amen thou tho res'' of tho line, " When tliey did eay God bless us." was uttered in double quick time, and with a jerk at the conclusion ot the line. Such glaring defects .as this are, how ever, not common with Mr. Harkins. In tho banquet scene lie was at his best. His acting upon the appcaranco oi Banquo's ghost was dramatic nnd realistic. A point was also mado of tho oxcellent delivery of the lines beginning. Out, out brief ctndle. The support which Mr. Harkins roceivcd from the members of the company was not what it should have b>en. Miss Flora Anste&d; did her utmost an Lady Macbeth, bnt was very much overweighted. Mr. Anpleton's Ean- qtio was passable, and Mr. H. N. Douglas gavo a creditable rendering of Mncdnff. In the duel scene with Macbeth lie fairly divided tho honors with Mr. Harkins. Locke's music was given creditably, Miss Docy Stewart ap pearing as Hecate. The scenic accessories were well Attended to. Macbeth will be re peated to- night for tlie lust time, as Mr. Har kins is to apponr in a change of character every night for the remainder of the week. 