UNITED SHIRE OF MOUNT ALEXANDER. This body met yesterday. Present — the President, Crs Green, Skews, Rodger, Williams, Hozlett, Bjaggi, Carew, and Paull. The minutes of last meeting were confirmed. . Correspondence. — From Secretary for Public Works, stating that L94 being the balance of P. Giltnore's contract for breakwater on the Lod don, it has been placed on the additional esti- mates, and will be available when approved by the Assembly. Received. — From Hon. J. B. Patterson, acknowledging communication re specting endowment, and stating he is glad that the Government measure meets with the ap proval of the Counoil. Received. — From Town Clerk, Daylesford, stating the Council are of opinion the mode of distribution of the sum set apart for endowment is founded upon an unfair basis. The Bum should be equally divided amongst all municipalities. His Council requested co-operation in support of this view. Cr Hazlett moved that the secretary write to Daylesford Counoil that this Counoil (Mount Alexander) is perfectly satisfied with the Government proposal. Cr Biaggi seoonded the motion, and expressed pleasure at Or Hazlett using the term "perfectly satisfied " with tho Government measure. The motion was carried. — From M'Whinney and Wright, also from J. Batey, applying for a re turn of deposits on olaims at Fryerstown. Re ferred to members of Fryers Riding to deal with. — From Secretary of Talbot Lodge, apply in" for the use of Recreation Reserve, Fryerstown, on 17th March, for their anniversary. Referred to the members of Fryers Riding to deal with. From Thomas and Co., applying for a renewal of time for road claim at Butchers Hill. Request granted. — From olovon ratepayers at Fryers town, requesting that John Whiteside, an old man, 61 years, be recommended as an inmate to the Benevolent Asylum. Gr Hazlett believed the man was incapable of working and could not see. Cr Paull considered the Council should recommend this man for admission, and ha moved to that effect. The President stiid lie knew tho old man, but did not hear he was so bad. The motion was carried. — From C. Aucli- inleoh, J. Blight and Mrs Kitching, requesting that the valuation of their properties be reduced. Referred to the members of tho Ridings. From T. Tiorney, applying for the office at Camp bells Creek for use during the time he acts aB enumerator. Referred to the members of Campbells Creek. The President reported that the matter of bridges, eto., at Golden Gully, eto., had been looked to, but as no report was yot ready con cerning this /matter he moved that consideration be deferred till .next meeting. :' Gr (Hazlett seconded the motion, whioh was carried. Or Paull reported that the Tarilta bridge needed to be covered with planking, ' and . the work was being done. This report was approved of. Finance. — Received — Licenses, L162 : graz ing fees, LI 4s ; rates, L5 6s 8d ; dog fees, Lll 10s. Paid — L55 13s lOd j overdraft, L249 Is 2d.' - - Inspector's Report. — Six men are employed on the Elphinstone road. The road betw'esn Yaughan Cemetery, and the finger-post has been patched, and the water tables cleared, At Campbells Creek the main road near Arbery's Has been repaired, and the water channel below Hobby's has been staked and bushed. The drains behind Rowe's and Woodfield's has been oleared. The covering of the Tarilta Bridge having given way, tenders were called for tUri necessary planking, and the lowest, that Of Moore, Reid and Co., was accepted. W. Haz lett has completed his contract for the Recrea tion Reserve. Adopted. Tho following accounts were passed for pay ment : — Wages, Fryers Riding,' L50 10S' 6d ; Campbells Creek do,, L9 14s; Vaughan do.-, JL4 12s ; W. Hazlett, hzu iva ua ; a Williams, 6s 9d ; Secretary, L16 13s 4d ; A. M'Whinpey, L10 ; J. Batey, L10 ; Total, L122 14s Id! ' ; Cr Hazlett moved that the Secretary write to ? the Minister of Lands to hand over the manage ment of the commons within the Shire to,- the, . Council. At present the cominons wore not managed at all, and he believed there were 3000 . goats! running on them and consuming grass that should be reserved for cows. If the Coun cil got this common it might be made to pay the whole working expenses of the shire. There was a large credit balance now in its favour, even under its present bad management. The fees were not collected, and the mining board was moribund. He saw by A report in the- M.„. 'A,. Mail, that the members of the mining: board paid their deputation expenses out of the bom- ; mons funds. Cr Green seoonded the motion. Or Paull opposed it. The commons, he con tended, were meant for tho benefit of the miners, arid instead of them being a boon they were a. curse. Bulls and goats were allowed to run upon it, ahd the consequence of this was that the breed of stock had deteriorated by 'inter-, breeding. " He hoped Cr Williams, as a member of tho aiming board would seo to this. Hun dreds of pounds had been spent in putting , thistles.. (A member: And thus wasted:). There were two dams built by the mining board. He/believed there was a large sum to the credit : of. the commmjs in the bank. He .moved: .an amendrrien.t pit the Council take no action.; The commons were for the miners and should be - inanaged by their representatives. Cr Williams seconded the amendment.' Some time since, he paid, the Council tried to get the management of the commons, but opinion was against this. The fees had since then been reduced, and he believed three-fourths or more of the coriimdriers jwere in favour of the present management. Being a member of the mining board he re frained from speaking as fully on this 'subject as he could. Cr Carew said it was the opinion in 'Campbells Creek that the mining boards' Should be dorie away with, and that the oommoris could be well managed by the Council. Cr 'Williams: pointed out that the fees coming from the' com mons could not be misapplied as Cr Hazlett sug- gested, and the Counoil could profit nothing by the management. Or Biaggi remarked that no reply had been made to the statement of' Cr Hazlett that appeared in the M. A. Mail, that the mining board paid deputation expenses, to prolong their own life, out of oommon fees. Be iwould support the motion. The President said there was want of management on the commons, else there would not be such an immensity of 'goats on it. - He believed that owners"' did not iknow how many they had. There were also jbulla on the commons that should not be there. ;0r Williams said the herdsman had instructions not . to interfere with bulls, unless they ' were objected to. When there was no dissatisfaction expressed, it might be concluded the people were pleased.; On the vote being taken the motion. ' was carried by 6 to 3. ; r - r Or Carew. said Mr Riley "wanted to make a ioomplairit about some property.'. 1 Mr Riley then jstepped forward, and said the property- -he : re- tferred to. was that of Mr Shegog's, the Chirieee 1 Camp at Campbells Creek, which did not:- faring : iri a rental within 25 per cent, of the valuation.' The President remarked the membera of Camp-' bells Creek should be able to speak of this, ; Cr Carew thought it might.be as well to defer this; question till next meeting, so as to permit bf" inquiry being made. Cr Hazlett said the, Chi nese Camp in Campbells Creek had an evil repu tation) and he thought the ratepayer .should stretch his conscience to assess the properties as highly as he could. The President/ endorsed the remark about the Chinese who took hotels; and.sbprildb? made to pay for them. These places were not oreditable. It was iKen'- re solved to; refer this matter to the members of the Campbells Creek, who are to report upon "it at next .meeting. ; Or Biaggi inquired if, all publicans. Had .paid their-liceuses. The Secretary replied they' had all paid except two of -Fryers, and one of.. Camp bell's Creek. Cr Biaggi then , moved . th'at a list of defaulters be brought up at next meeting. Carried. .. . Or Biaggi referred .to astatementofthe.Seore- "t'ary at last meeting as reported, that' the'Griild- ford Riding had not paid more than its share for outlay on public works. Or Hazlett wanted to know if there was to be no end of this line1 of ghosts Cr Biaggi , is bringing forward. The Secretary further explained hiB remarks .and the matter then dropped. The Secretary is to write to the - manager , of the Bank of Victoria at Fryerstown, calling" his attention to the rate of interest, and asking for - a reduction of interest pn the overdraft and loan. Cr Biaggi drew notice to the proposals of the Municipal Association, and he moved that our representatives in Parliament be requested /'to vote against the amendment of the Local /Go vernment Act suggested by the Central Coniinitt tee of the Municipal Association, having refer ence to subdivision and severance. Carried. -/' The'Council then adjourned. The Bugso-Chinese Crisis.—1 The .Shanghai Courier of 10th December has the following items! — We have it on good authority that the, Chinese Government intend, in the event of war; imme diately to lay down torpedoes at the entrances to all the treaty ports, and to stop all ships from coming in' or going out, whether war vessels or traders. - It is difficult to exaggerate the importance of this news to all engaged in trade in China. Liu Sheri Shan, former Commander-in-chief in Chihli, at present in retirement, had an audience with the Empresses on the 2nd of this month, and was asked to give his advice on the situation. He is said to have replied that " the best course is war, the middle course is peace." Tho word " middle" is used as being inore polite than the word " worst." In connection "with the present state of politics in China, the where- abouts and probable movements of 'Tso are riiatters of the greatest possible interest. We have made careful inquiries, and the following information is from tlio best source; — 'Tso has left Hami and gone to Lan Ohow-fu, where, it is said, lieintends to spend the winter, proceeding to Peking in the second Chinese moon. In tho lettorgiving this information, it is not olear whether he intends to rcaoh Peking, or to start from Lan Chow-fu, in tho second taoon, but we think it probable that it is meant fhat ha will reach Peking. The distance is about 37& Ii, we believe. If he travels by oliair he could cover about 60 li per day, and reach the capital in 62 days.. There is an idea prevalent amongst the Chinese that, with the declaration of iri, the Russian tactics would ba immediately to endeavour to seizo tho Chusan group of islands, and that if successful they would fje P®r manently annexed. This move would give the Russians the complete command of the seaboard o! this port of Chino. To meet this danger, the Chinese Government are .now engaged in making.vigorous efforts for the defenoo of the Chusan group and Ningpo. It Tvill be remembered how that the Tail ing rebels strove hard "-for tfye possession of tha Chusan islands, wh'ioli are regarded as the key-'toflia position in this pmt'of Ohirih(As commanding both Ningpo and Shanghai, and the entrance to Yangtze Biver. 