. AMUSEMENTS. GAIETY THEATRE. On the occasion of Mr. Dampier's henefit at the Gaiety Theatre last night, when " Hamlet" was produced, the audience was to extensive that even standing room was scarcely obtainable in any portion of tho house, tied numbers lmd to be refused .admission. "Hamlet" was performed according to the text, mid a vast quantity of new and nppiopriate effects were introduced to illustrate it. Mr. Dumpier ban already, on many occasions, appeared in Hamlet, bat, tike the tine artist he is, every time lie assumes the character sumo fredi excel lence mniks his interpretation. It is n con sistent, deeply studied, and most conscientiously developed performance, and the actor loses sight of no point that will enhance thepcifcetnessnnd truth oi his conception, borne of his readings strike one at first hearing as startling, but this is rather the effect of their novelty than ot any exaggerated manner of expression. Mr. Dumpier was through out .Lis performance most heartily applauded, anil was called before the curtain at the conclusion of nearly every act. The star was admirably supported. Mis3 Marion Mel rose ptoved a very interesting Ophelia, act ing gracefully, and with her accustomed in telligence. Miss Melville played the Queen well, and Miss Forde did her best with the player Queen. Mr. Seflon's Horatio was somewhat heavy, and there might havo been more life mid spirit diffused into -Mr.. flniufoiM's pei formance of the King, The I'olonius of Mr, I'slmer wen one ot the best interpretations of tho character that Ins been Men in Sydney for some time. Similarly Mr. Emmett, who is quickly developing into an actor of superlative value, made a must excellent impression as I.aerlcs. Ho acted boldly and rigorously, and so as thoroughly to please his audience, Mr. W. G. Carey, the latest, but by no means tho worst, addition to the capital company Mr. llaylbs has engaged for this theatre, appeared as the Ghost. This careful actor clayed wilh ft cling, dignity, and great expression. Mr. i'oolo made an amusing Gravcdiggcr, and Mr. A. W. l.'ooihmzn nil impressive First Actor, The minor parts were very ci'editnbly sustained, and the tragedy was beautifully put upon Die stage. This evening " A Royal Pardon " will he produced ogain. ; At the Theatre Royal "The Pirates of Penzance" , was repealed with euccess. Active preparations nro i rang made for the production of " Patience " on I Saturday night, f At the Queen's Theatre " Mazeppa " was per il before a large audience. On Friday Miss 1 ®'bson takes her henefit, playing in "Jo," and ; "n here's Maccabe?" and on Saturday Mr. . urattan Riqga appenrs at this theatre in llio " Irish ; Detective." I change was me.do in the entertainment nt the I; "Pera House, and "Tho Slave's Revenge" was I WMhtutcd for " Unclo Tom's Cabin." A more I extended notice of the performance will appear in I another issue. I Doth performances at Mr. AVilsoii's Circus yes- I . i y vvoro vcry largely attended, and tho various | Ms were loudly applauded. 