: " ' Jr. ¡ THE' RESURRECTION. 'j Y ^' 'v A SERMON EY THE HEV. 13K. LANE. > " For, tho love of Christ oonatrainoth na ; becauso we thus judgethat if ono diod for all, thon were all i { dead : And that Ho died for all, that they which '' " live shotild nothonoeforth livo unto themaolvos, bpt unto Him which died for thom nnd rose airain."-2 CORINTHIANS, V. 14,15. ; "If thou shall confess with thy mouth the Lord j . Jesus, and shalt bclievo in thino heart that God 1 .badraÍBedH¡mfro»thodoad,thouahaltboBaved, For with tho heart man boliovoth unto righteous- ness ; and with tho mouth confosaion is made unto salvation."-EOIMANS, X. 9* 10. , " Like as Christ waa raiaod up from the dead by thc glory of the Father, oven so, wo also should wals in newness of life."-.ROMANS, vi. 4. In every eystom of theology, great caro should bc taken to present each doctrino in its relativo position, and with tho same prominence given to it in tho word of God. As the background of a picture, as well aa its shadows tend more fully to exhibit its principio fea- tures, or baautica ; so tho dootrinos of tho Bible, ' strengthen, confirm, and beautify eaoh other. To no ono of tho doctrines of revelation savo thc nacrifioial death of tho Redeemer, has greater impor- tance* boen attached than to the résurrection of thc dead. , TothefirBtdiBoiplos.thoreaurrootionoftlieirMastor waH no ordinal y ovent. lt was tho period whon miscon- ception and ignoranco endod and tho sublimo desigDS of tho mission of tho Son of God dawnod on their awakened and startled powers; it waa tho period, . when fear, distrust and dismay, tormiuatod in living ; faith and abiding hoDo ; it waa tho period, when the hesitating foot was exchanged for tho manly tread, and when the faltering purpose was exohengod for that unyielding determination that mado Jerusalem tremble and aroused tho nations of heathenism from a forgetfulness of God to tho reception ol' tho truth i and a practice of godliness. Goold they ever fo- get those nights ol' dark nncortainty and agony when Jeans lay in tho tomb ? Could thoy over forget that morning on tho first day of tho week when the sudden intelligence (as by tolegraph) carno, that tho Lord waa risen indeed ? Could they forgot that mo mont as they folt their feot resting on tho Kook of Ages, and with rovived hopes, and groater joy, they consecrated their all, to the highest interests of humanity and tho glory of God ? j What the resurrection of Christ waa to tho first j disciples tho genoral rennrrection will bo to every Ichild of God, introducing him into a higher and a nobler existence ; and whero in tho abssnco of all evil and suffering, ho will realise tho perfection of his beinrj. But, while tho resurrection cf the body is so essential tc tho oomplotion of our nature, tho perfec- tion of our happiness, and tho harmony of tho truths of natural and revealed religion, yet it has not re- ceived that universal reception that itB importance warranted. Heathen philosophers believed tho soul to bo im- mortal, yet repudiated with scorn tho doctrine of tho resurrection of tho body. Pliny said, "It ia beyond the powor of God to accomplish it." Celans speaks of it, as "tho hope of worms, a very filthy and abominable as well as an impossible thing. It is that which God neither can, norwill accomplish, boing base, and contrary to nature." Tho Epicureans and Stoics, although differing on many subjects, united in designating the eloquent preaohor of tho rcBmrcotion aa "a babbler, and a setter-forth of strango Gods." Festus no sooner heard St. Paul leoturo on the resurrection than ho cried out, "Thou art besido thvsolf, much learning doth make theo mad." Tho ¡¿addnceea, who were a very strong acct among the Jews in tho timo of our Saviour, rigidly opposed tho resurrection. These various oppositions, no doubt, aroso from an imperfect conception of tho future state, from false ideas m roforenco to tho body, and from an unworthy limitation of tho Divino powor. In tho languago of St. Paul wo ask, " Why should it bo thought a thin!? inoreditablo that God should laiso tao dead? " Tho subject may havo it« difliunl tios. What snbjcot ha3 not P yet when viewed in tho light of sober reaBon, and in tho light of revelation, every difficulty vanishes away and tho resurrection of tho body ia at once noon to bo probable, and glori- ously certain. Tho plain deolnrationa of tho Bible, in refcrenoo to tho resurrection of tho doad, ronder that event absolutely cortain. Job, one of tho oldest writers, when e:nehod to tho earth with be- reavement and sufforiuif, cxoîaimod in triumph: " I know that my Eedeemer liveth, and that Ho shall stand at tho latter day upon tho earth, and though after my skin, worina de- stroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I Eeo God ; whom I ehall &eo; for myself, and mino oyes shall bohold, and not another." Daniel is even moro explicit, ho declares : " And many of thom that sleep in the dust of tho earth shall nwaico, Bomo to ovorlasting lifo, and somo to ahamo and everlasting contempt"-while God IlimBolf anya: "I will ran- some thom from tho powor of tho grave ! I will re- deem thom from death ! O death ! I will bo thy plagues ! O grave ! I will bo thy destruction !" Tho sister of Lazarus only oxpreaeed tho opinion of tho Jowiah peoplo when abo declared : " I know that my brother sball riso again in tho resurrection at tho last day ;" and Jeans Himaclf (for whom it wan re- solved to abolish (loath rind bring lifo and immortality to light), 'twas Ho who said : '* Jam thoroniirrcction and tho lifo." Ho tolls na not to wonder, " For tho hour ia coming, in tho which all that ave in tho gravos ahall hear bia voiao, aud shall como forth ; they that bavo (îono good unto tho resurrection of lifo, and they that havo dono ovil unto tho resnrrootion of damna- tion j" and in ono dieoourao, no leas than four times Ho emphatically declaren, " I will raino him np again at tho last day." By tho resurrection wo understand, that aa at death a soparation takes plano botwoon man's conl and body, tho latter returns to tho dust from wlienoo it ? waa takon, so at tho command of tho Son of God those olomonta, no maltor how scattered or ohungod, or into wbatovor oombinationn thoy may havo ontorod, shall bo sonaratod, gathorod, ro-united, and raisod ; onoo moro fashioned into a body in which tho soul shall for over rosido. But « man otanda upon his foot and' at onoo doolnros. thia to bo jrûPQsaiblo» , Í'ÍÍQW Q&Q; it W. hq tvnU^i.. " when the body rots in . the grave, or when the body ia oonsamod by fire-, and when tho ashes are scattered over the earth by tho winda of heaven? . when the elements of whioh it was composed enter into combination with tho grass of tho Hold, with the fruitB of the earth, and with tho foliage of tho forest?" To man thia may acorn impoaaiblo, and if man had to porform it wo might bo dispoaod to say tho thing can't bo dono. The first disoiplos know this-honoo they preached, tho roBurreotion with boldness, and unflinchingly declared it to bo a fundamental truth of tho Christian scheme, and that whosoever believed it should ba saved, but whosoever believed it not should bo damned. Hence, when tho prosecutors could nofi deny thoir teaching, they branded the apostles aa lunatics, as madmon ; no matter, thoy lived tho truth aa Jesu3 taught it thom-and they wore con* tont to dio for tho truth of tho teaching of Jesus, and believed that as Ho oded and rose again, oven aoshould they riso from tho strongholds of death. It has novor boon doniod, ovon by tho onomies ol Christianity, that Jeaus died ; it has novor huon dc» nied that JefcU3 waa buried, lío was buried, however, in a particular manner, juat as Ho died in a partioular manner. Tho sopuîohre of Christ waa & hole hewn ont o'f a natural rook, so that thore waB no way o£ approaching tho sopulohre but by the mouth of it. There waa no way of tho body gof.ting oat of the grave but by tho way it got in,viz., lmfcby tho mouth of tua sepulchre. . But tho mouth waa shut np, sealed up, fortified with a great Btono rollod against ita month. The stono waB sealed with tho royal arms, tüo imperial signet waa attached to tho Btono, tho sepulchre of Christ waa hermetically sealed ; so that it was sup- posed it could never be violated, and to make it still moro inviolable, it was guarded by Homo's veteran soldiers. It was novor donied, then, that Christ waa buried. And when tho Sabbath was passed, i. c., tho Satur« day-and at sunrise on the first f'ay of tho week, tho Mary's carno, and said to themselves, " Who shall roll a^ay tho atono from tho mouth of tho sepulchre, and when they looked they saw that the stone .waa rolled away." This ia an inquiry whioh may bo addressed to thosa who will not receivo Christ into their hearts-r^but whoso hearts aro oloaed and sealed against tho truth. Ignorance ia a stone, nnbolief is a Btone, aolf'Ooncoit ia a stone, earfchly- miudodness is a stone, prejadioe ia a atono :-who shall roll away the stono iiom th« month of tho sepulchre? It much perplexed Mary how she oould roll away the tomb-stono, and once more look upon her Master -but Ho that has giyon His angola chars o over Hia children that they hurt not their fool against a stone, sent a mossoBger from Hoaven to rollbaok that huge stono for her. EvenaB a loving i'athor, when ho takea bia shildfor a walk, will lot bim alono to walk in tho straight road, but when ho comos to slippery patba ho takea him by tho hand-and if ho has to oross a muddy road ho boara him in bia arms, and if ha comes to a stile ho gently lifts him over; just so does our Hoavonly Father uao Hia dear children- Ho will assist thom in danger, Ho will help them over the stile of diBcouragomonts, Ha will tako away ail ruts of offence, Ho will remove all blocks and hindrances in thoir passago ; and the very great stono parting Christ and them, oven when they least think it, shall be rolled away. And when tho women went into tho tomb they wore terribly afraid, fer instead of seeing Jeans aa thoy oxpectod, they saw a young man in a lona whito robo, who spoke ta .them thus : "Be not affrighted : yo aoek Josua of Nazareth, who was crucified on Friday. He isn't hore. Ho ia risen, behold tho placo whore thoy laid Him I But go your way, tell it to hia disciples and Peter." Toll poor Puter, although ho sinned sogroatly; tell Poter, although his conduot waa so heartless ; tell Potor, although bo deniod tho three times ; tell Peter, although his sin waa a public, a wilful ono ; tell Poter, because, poor fellow, ho ha3 wept over hia Bin, and Qod'n anger ia all over when His children ara sorry for what they have done ; toll Poter, for ho baa Buffered enough, his own thonghta havo boon God'q chastening rod ; tell Potor, ho is still dear to Chrißt; toll Potor, for although ho ia a poor backalidor ho ia still your brother ; tell Potor, for Christ is still hia Friend, tell thom all. that Christ ia not hore in tho grave-Ho ia rison, He ia risen, and in His resurrect tion Ho ia still your Friend. Among tho cherished atoriea of old English friend« ship is that of Lord Brooke, who wishod to trana» mit his memory to after ages by tho inscription on hia tomb " Friend to Sir Thillip Sydney." Thc circumstance is not worth mentioning in oom» parison with that record of friendship whioh ia sup* plied in the words, ¡ " That disciplo whom Jesus loved," Except aa it may servo to bring out'tho . divina iustanco into bright and beautiful ¡relief, through tho manifost inferiority of tho human example. Tho friendship of a mortal, however wino and good, fades away beside tho thought of Ilia friendship who is tho fountain oß wisdom and tho mirror of goodness. " Go and tell tho disciples and Potor," yea, toll all tho world, that tho Christ, tho Rinners Friend, is not in tho gravo, Ho is riaen. Toll tho world to look upon tho ro8iirroct:on of Chriat (1) aa a confirmation of the truth of Christianity ; (2) as a pattern and plodgo of tho resurrection of Christiana ; (3) aa a symbol oï man's truo and spiritual olovation. Tell tho world that tho empty Bcpulobro (1) is a witness for tho truth of tho Saviour's mission ; (2) it is a witnoaa for tho efficiency of tho Saviour's mediation ; (3) it ia a plodgo of tho Saviour's powor to raise us to a spiritual lifo and of His power to raiso us to otornal lifo. And aa tho women went to toll tho nowa tc tho disciples, bohold, Josue mot thom, saying, " all hail !" and they came and hold Him by tho feet and worshipued Him. Tho practico boro roforrod to still continues in tho East. A Hindoo disoiplo, meeting lu's religious guido in tho pnblio streets, prostratoa himself bol'oro bim and mba tho dust from his feet. Then enid Jesus unto thom, " Bo not afraid, go tell my brothrou that thoy go into Gnliloo and thora thoy shall soo mo." Hero was fulfilment of tho history of Joseph. Ho wan sold by tho eon o of Iernol and yet revealed himself in hia princely majesty to_ bia brotbron. Christ yon seo was very briof in what Ho said, and whon wo havo oithor good nowa or bad to communicate tho bottor woy is to bo abort and Bimplo. When tho tidings was brought to Aohillea of tho doath of Patroolus, it was short and simple, " Patrocina ia down i they aro fighting around .bia naked corp; o, and bia armour ia bold by tho plumo» waving Heotor." * * * When Genoral Bnrgoyno surrendered at Saratoga, tho nows ono mornibg reached tho Honao of Commons. Evoryono was on tho alert to hoar tho news; when Lord North aroao slowly and atateiy in bia placo, and in a solomnvoioo was short and simplo, " Gonoral Burgoyno and bia wbolo army aro prisoners to tho Amorioana." A doaa nilonoo followed and lasted for sovoral minutes. " Now whon tho womon woro going, some of tho watoh came to tho oity and told tho chief prioBts al} that, had beon dono. Thoy took counsel and aavo Itvigo aim Qi mws to, tiw UvWivtfl a»A tow them, :to ¡Hay-thet while- thoy wore aBleop on tho .watch tho disciples ol' Jiaua carno in tho night and stolo away the body; so thoy' took the ¡ -inonoy , and did as they wore taught. It -took thirty .pieooB of silvîr to secure Christ when Ho ; waa alive ; no doubt it took a ¡.roafc deal moro,to : provo Ho waa dead. Tho priesthood told tho soldiers to Bpread abroad a lio. For if thoy had been fast .aaloop, as tho BoldiorB on sentry woro taucht to say .they wore, how could thoy a now tho disciples Btolo 4vway tho body ? It was a foolish lie. A lio always wants a truth for a Inindia to it-and tho worat of lies aro thoso whoso handln i¡¡ truo and whoso blado ÍB . 'falso. When Aristotlo wns asked what a man . .could pain by telling a falaohood, ho replied. *' Never to bi crcditod whon ho speaks tho truth." :Tbe onomios of tho resurrection of Christ invented a \- ;neusele38 absurdity in order to destroy what waa mean and wicked, to doatroy that which was noble. A little newsboy, in order to sell a paper told alie, . by Baying tho paper contained what ho knew it didn't. His Sunday school teacher pot to hear of . it, and put tho matter to tho other boyB in a quiet . ,sort of way. "Would you tell a lio for a penny?" "No, ma'am," answered Dick. "Would you toll .a lie for a shilling ?" " No, ma'am." " Would jon / inll ' a lie for a pound ?" Diois waa atapgerod-a; :,pound looked so big-a pound would buya lot of -things. While Dick waa taking timo to giro his answer another boy behind him. roared out ".'No' ...ma'am." ? "Why not?'' aakeJ. tho toaoher. ,f. "Hecauso when tho- pound ia all gone, and all .tho, ;.;tbinga it bought aro goae too, tho lio is .thero all tho f ,Bamo."( I don't think a philosopher could have ..-vansweredtho teacher better than that boy. ' . >-?? ¡ii. Truth. ia eternal, ita pillara aro-.never; iahnken ; fwben .the elements shall melt with ¡fervenVhoatand jtíhtjhoavens pass away with a great noise ; when all ¡jitíie earth shall.have; been burnt up, truth' will Btill '..i.exist;-¡yea, .-ir' . -i .... . «- ..">.; Vi»1«- _ ..r-»i#n,.<|.i . ¡.ti : r i, JPirhV as a rook Thy truth . Bliall-stand01'- "fii 1 - "? ta:/ru: Whourolliajr year* shall ct-aso touaova;- v.- ".'-'. la«,hd the1 grand truth our dhufoh teaoheainWe sorvibo : }bt to-'dây^'-is: this : ''Now ia .'phrist -'risen;fr'o'm,;:tbe ' ..dead1and-bebomo tho first^frui^a'bf them that e'lerifc;.'.' ':'rHe''!was 'a Lairib in bia'?''death? bat''»??''libtt^in^hia ï!ixèBU- rcptiôhl" ' ' ' '? ;".' 7"' !; ' \- - ' 'And 'sd will it bo wi*h onrselvosas bolièVera/èbôd . i:;ahd tvü9. ' Death will bo the funeral bf all bur evils '-r'Átfd'tho^éftñrréotionoC.all bor.^óysy' ''" '. '?'?? ' ;'?""'.','; '/'f^^'Sörho 'of you before me aro. dressed in black; that ft-'tolls *uio'you have recently cbnBÍ¿hed to the tomb' '-,!t:Üuie:relatioh or vory dear friend. " It ia appointed '';Siiiio' imftii ';onoo to dio." "Man under sin was | 'doomed tb death." Christ for sin waa doomed to .f death too. Bub as Christ waa rcecued from tho | ' flower of death, man mar bo resouod ! \- too; and instead of grioviug because of i '?-the grave and tko grave» clothes, and tho pravw'a ! ""loneliness and terror, let it afford some comfort, j ?Christ bas bien in tho gra.vo before u»-that Ch ist | waa wrapped in tho grave clothes beforo us, that .Chrint passed through tho loneliness ot' the tomb beforo us. Besides, tho grave can only rooeivo and .claim tho poorer part of ua. Ir, only fcnkaatho b°dy, ""wbile the soul, the immortal part, or . es its power, .'You know you seem to seo things wuen tho oyo is '- abut, and you dream of things when last asleép.áñd '.tko tho sohl can live and think an 1 aot when'tho body ' ' ia iii tho grave. Oar friends and also ourselves hwy ;-Bleep' in tho gravo a lona long tirne. butnot always ^-Go'd nan and will raise tho body again. Ho is able;! .'''Do you see that beautiful little bi<d danoin/ -from ''.flo'wor tj.fiowor like a spirit ot fl jwere P he Va3 :onod '''.confined to tho little mummy abell, but God brought' .-him but." -Do you aoe'that looking- glass? How per- fectly, you can seo your fáoo''and - form, and 'every ,: hair/on your forehead in it, -but, had ' you seen tho y coarse sand lie on thé sea-'ah'o'ro beforo the workmen '''began,1 would you think that: they'could' make a' ". beautiful mirror from sand P .'--So-, 'God 'can and will '"?raise' us np from the grave bv His wisdom and power.' .:' Think bf tho old proverb, "What need to grieve if' ;:;X3od atil live." ;: ' ''; /''Y:''-:''':/:' // ;;- 'b'or tho palo'chook of death feuilles and' i-osos aro biénd-'í imr, - '. . i-: :-.;'-'' " ?>? .<> . V ; : ;? ; 'J?'.? And beauty immortal awakes from '(he tprnb. *' ¡ »' } "\ : ' /«Dry'up your tears then, and if you Bometimea' have s, tb attend yonr 'relatives, or their remáirie, to "'tho J house appointed for all living," ifyou sometimes Eeo ' t'.'akdlls and bonoB lying round tho práve, and you are tempted to tako thom up and auk, " can thes i bonos ' live? can thoao diahonouvod, diahovelled, denuded ""'boues livo again ?'' " Como, soo tho place where tho ? ¿lió'd lay," andas surely as the Sepnlohre of Christ . beoame an empty sepulchre, BO euroly '../?tho sepulchro of Hia pcoplo shall becomo empty 1 so' ulchroa too-aa su^oly as Ho got . np aud sung a Bong of immortalité, so aball His peo- ple como out of tho grave. How finoly has Isaiah ex- pressed it! " Awalio and sine, yo that dwell in tho , dust, for thy dew ia aa tho dew of borba, and tho ,',dearth ahall cast out tho dead-thy dead body shall ariao." There is light in thc grave. It is said that tho Romanshad aprnotico of lighting np their tombs br placing lampa in thom-those lamps havo often beon found. Men do aomotiinoa need a Jigbt to scatter the torro rs of a dark grave; but Christ, tho lij;ht of tho / Tvoild, makes tho Christian's tomb all light. And now. brethren, from ono of tho most difii-julb 'snojoota in Idvinity, I have endeavoured to > ive you a little comfort. I havo triod to mako tho BubjïCt as ;popular as may bo, and I thank you for thc patience with which you have lidtened tome, but I am quito .sure that I shall have diaconraed thia morning in vain ; and I am equally suro that you will have libtened in ',': vain unless tho power of tho Holy Ghost shall como \\\ juît now and apply our eubject. , ' . Suppose wo saw an army sitting down beforo a .granite fort, and they told na that they intend to 7 batter it down ; wo might ask them, How? They '''i point to a cannon ball, but there io no powor in that; it is heavy, but not moro than a hundrcd-rt'oight ; if ' .all tho men in tho army hurbd it againnt tho fort / they would make no imprecision ; they say "Ho, but ' look at tho cannon;" thero'a no power in that, a ' -child may ride upon it, a bini may perch in its mouth \- it is only a maohine and nothing moro:-"but '' look at tho gunpowder?" Well, thero'a no power in ' that; a child may opill it, a eparrow may pock it, " yet thia powerless gunpowder, and thia powerless ' ball aro put into tho powerless cannon, ono spark of ?fire enters it, and thou in tho twinkling of an eye, '.that powder is a flash of lightning and that bill a '. thunderbolt whioh amitos aa il' it had boen Bent from ; heaven. So it it¡ with prouching, its object ia to pull ' down strongholds of oin and to build np boliovera in ] .the risen Christ-bu*; without tho baptism of fire all ;Our efforts are in vain. ¡.I A orusado ia tobomado against publicans by ladios i dn Molbonrno. . ; -Chinamen in America aro fast adopting civilised '"manners and cnatome. Wo learn by cabio thia weok V that 2000 of tho lieathons have strack for higher :" wa?os on tho Paoiiiu railroad 1 . .i His Honor tho Chiof Juatioo of Queensland has ; ¡ eppointod Mr. Thomas Thornton Gray¿ solicitor, ..!Tomple-cou-t, King-street, Sydney, a oommiBsionor '"..for;taking affidavits, bail, &o.; of tho honourable the Supreme Court of that colony. -I.;, . M ii UM J vr 