THE STORY-TELLER WHITE HOOD : A TALE OF THE TERRACES. By Yincent Pyke. ' The Gods are just; and of our pleasant vices Make instruments to scourge us." PROLOGUE. High up amongst the mountains ot western Otago are those interesting fragments of a pre-historic world, familiarly known as The Terraces,' built up, grain upon grain and pebble upon bebble, by Nature's plastic hand, in that remote period when tne interior ot Otago consisted of a vast series of lakes, severed from each other sometimes by inter vening ranges, sometimes by huge moraines. Coastwise these lakes were belted round by rocky ramparts of such great altitude that when the island did, at intervals of a few million years — as scientists tell us — take her periodic dip beneath old ocean, the waters thereof penetrated not within those mighty barriers. For not anywhere — neither on the surface of the earth nor in the bowels thereof, so far as man has yet forced his way — have any traces of marine life been found in that region. Shells of a fresh water mussel are found embedded in the clays which overlie the coal deposits, and the same species may be gathered in the running streams now. And in the extensive masses of 4 sinter' scattered along the margins of the old lake-beds there are immense numbers of tiny spiral shells, scarcely perceptible to the naked eye. But these are also of fresh water origin ; and these are all. The more ancient of the Terraces are about five hundred feet above the level of the yet existing lakes— Ha wea, Wanaka, and Waka- tipu — but they, in geological argot, have been so ' degraded' and 4 eroded' in the course of time, that their position and outlines are barely traceable by the educated and practised eye. Lower down there are others so fresh and smooth, so mathematically true in their proportions, and so perfect in form, that they seem comparatively the work of yesterday. Time has wrought but little change in them. Yet an incalculable space of time must have elapsed since they formed the beds and margins of the great lakes by whose agency they were deposited as we now behold them. Far below their surface the rivers now find their way to the sear through rocky gorges, cut by the irresistible glaciers, which ground and tore the opposing mountains in their onward path, leaving everywhere the scars whereby their action is made manifest to the readers of the stone Bible. It is on these Terraces (many of which are of considerable extent), and in the creeks which intersect them, that our gold miners pursue their avocations, sluicing away the river frontages and burrowing into their inmost recesses, in search of the golden : .nTiioTi in nvoafor nr laae niionfiHoa giaiUS WJ-IJAJ", X" Qiwxs are dispersed throughout. Theirs is a life of great hardship, and laborious in the extreme ; but it is one which seems to elict the kindliest feelings and most manly sentiments of our common nature — as such lives ever do, on sea or land, save where 4 the slime of the serpent' has corroded the hearts of men. Picture to yourself, then, one of these natural terraces, green with the late autumn rains, and set amidst stupendous, snow- capped mountains, with a river — or, more properly, a torrent— brawling and foaming in its rock- bound and boulder-strewn channel a hundred feet below. Irregularly scattered over the level plateau are two score huts, constructed of rough slabs of native timber, and well plastered with clay in the chinks, 44 to keep the wind away." These are the habitations of the miners. The musical clinking of hammers on the anvil proclaims the presence of a black smith's forge ; and, conspicuous by their size and more pretentious appearance, are two buildings — one being the ubiquitous 44 General Store," where every description of merchandise is. sold ; the other, a public house, rejoicing in the name of 44 The Maori Hen Hotel," where alcoholic liquors of great potency, hut of doubtiul purity, are vended. Behold, then, the scene. There — in that wild and distant region — it was that the events which I am about to narrate occurred. Let me now introduce to you the actors in the drama. Chapter I. It was evening— the soft evening of the Indian summer,' which makes autumn, in inland Otago, the most delightful season of the year. A gentle breeze, fragrant with the Plicate odours of sweet-scented grasses, whis- jSovinglj through the valley. The lower peaks of the mountain were enfolded in a purple haze, save where a westerly ravine ad mitted a stream of silver light; and their snowy summits were tinged with the roseate splendours of the setting sun— such as Gully and Barraud, and, in a lesser degree, Hodg- kins and Huddlestone, have transferred to canvas with remarkable fidelity ; but of which the full glory cannot be conceived by those who have never witnessed the reality. It was evening. The metallic echoes of the smithy were hushed, and the faint clicking of billiard balls, proceeding from the direction of the Maori Hen, denoted that for at least one portion of the community play had tempor arily superseded work. Around the door of that hostelry lounged a few men, clay -stained, blue- shirted, with bronzed visages, and 4 bearded like the pard,' smoking short pipes, and comparing notes on the proceedings of the day. In front of the store a string of weary-looking pack-horses were patiently waiting for their burdens, to be borne on the morrow over rough mountain tracks to yet more remote localities. On the rearward slopes, goats were leisurely browsing ; and in the foreground a group of children, guiltless of shoes and stockings, were playing — " Turning to mirth all tilings of earth, As only childhood can." Now and then a woman flitted from hut to hut, or went down to the water -race which traversed the terrace for a pail of the clear, cool fluid ; and miners trooped past, returning from their 4 spell ' of labour. Presently there came bv two men. both young — under thirty, let us say. One of them was tall, shapely as an Adonis, and muscular as a Hercules, with fair hair and a goodly smiling face, such as women love to look upon and men take kindly to. His companion was of a widely different type. Short of stature, and somewhat ungainly in figure, with strag gling beard, and hair of no particular colour, hovering, indeed,' between black and brown. Yet you could not return the glance of his honest gray eyes for two seconds without in stinctively feeling that he was a man to be trusted. As they plodded silently across the terrace, there came forth from one of the primitive dwellings I have described — a girl. Only a girl ! That was all. But her appear ance effected an instantaneous change in the demeanour of both men — as an electric spark might have done — only more pleasantly. Over the face of each there passed a smile as they beheld her. But a keen observer would have distinguished between the twain. In the smile of the taller man, whom you will know hereafter as 4 Handsome George,' the elements of vanity and pleasure were visibly blended. The smile of his companion — mate if you will — who was popularly known by the sou briquet of 4 Dusky Jim ' — betokened pleasure also, but combined with an expression of re verential admiration, such as. one might be stow on a picture of the Madonna. In the last sentence the characters of these men are written. He that hath eyes to see, let him see. If you, my reader, are unable to do so, pray close the book, and pass on. The girl smiled also as she came daintily tripping towards them, clad in light-coloured, flowing drapery, not so long as to conceal her tiny foot and well- formed ancle, not so loose as to destroy the symmetry of her waist and bust. Her head, sitting well on her shapely neck, was crowned with a glorious wealth of silky, golden hair, which shone out with pleasing contrast from beneath and around a little white hood, artistically fabricated of some fleecy material, suiting well the soft blue eyes which irradiated her countenance. The pretty petite figure, backed by the sombre mountains, seemed as much out of place in that locality as Psyche in Hades ; and little wonder was it that only our two special acquaintances beheld her with pleasure, but also every other miner, as he passed her, turned to look again at the picture. The girl was the first to speak. 4 Good even ing, George,' she said, or rather cooed ; for she had that soft and gentle voice which Shakespeare declares to be 4 an excellent thing in woman.' 4 Good evening, George. Did you see my goats as you came along ?' 4 No,' he replied, 4 1 did not, Miss Mary. Have you lost them ?' 4 1 hope not, indeed,' said Mary, 4 but they generally come home at sundown, and they have not yet made their appearance.' One word of explanation. In those remote districts milk producers of the bovine species there were not, and of necessity goat 3 consti tuted the sole resource of the miners' dairy. 4 1 am going to look for the silly creatures,' she continued. Said Dusky Jim, and he spoke very shyly, as one all unusued to converse with women, 4 1 think I saw them. Miss Afar v. on f.ha tor- — — j — J 7 race beyond the creek. Perhaps they can't find their way. I think — yes, I'm sure they were yours, for they had little bells on their collars. 4 If you please, I'll go back and fetch them for you.' 4 Oh ! thank you ever so much, Jim ;' and as she said it, she put her little hands to gether with a gesture of thanksgiving, and beamed upon the poor fellow with such a pleasant, sunny expression, that his face was literally suffused with blushes. 4 1 am so glad I met you.' 4 Yes, Jim,' said George, approvingly ; 4 that's right. You go and get Miss Mary's goats, and I'll wait at Ned's hut till you come back.' And Jim went. Ned Austin was Mary's brother. He had been out in the colonies some years, when his father and mother sickened and died within a few months of each other. Then he bethought him of the little sister whom he had only re membered as a pale-faced and somewhat scraggy child, in short frocks, eight years before. He felt proud of his new acquisition, and not without cause. She was a sister of whom any brother might feel proud ; for she was as good as she was handsome. She made her first appearance on the Terrace about three months prior to the date of the events I am narrating, and made no small sensation amongst the miners, many of whom would, metaphorically, have given their eyes out of their heads for a gentle word or a kind glance from her. But the saucy littlS beauty was very reserved after her fashion, and held her self aloof from ordinary intercourse ; where fore her female neighbours averred that she j was a vain, 4 stuck-up thing ;' and the men I smiled and stroked their beards, and said that ' they guessed 4 Miss Mary' knew what she was about. Her brother, naturally reticent, dis couraged almost all and every approach towards anything beyond mere acquaintance ship ; but George Gifford and Jhn Trevanna happened to be his mates — working in the same claim, indeed — and thus there occurred frequent opportunities, which Handsome George, who was quite conscious of his good looks, had certainly not neglected. Jim, on such occasions, generally played the mute's part, smoking his cutty-pipe in solemn silence, and furtively admiring the trim damsel, as she flitted about the hut, or bent over her sewing. George was a special favourite with Ned Austin, as with many others ; but Jim — well, in mining parlance, he was generally re garded as a good-natured 4 duffer.' But let us return to our muttons, or, rather, our goats. When Jim reached the bank of the creek, he could not help looking back. (Ah ! that fatal propensity of looking back. Will the lesson taught by the fate of Lot's wife never have any salutary effect upon the children of Adam ?) A strange pang smote him, as he saw Handsome George and Mary strolling along, chatting and laughing in friendly companionship. ' I wish she cared half as much for me as she does for her goats,' he muttered. 4 But there — what's the good ? I know I ain't the sort of man that a girl like that would care for ; Handsome George is the fellow for the like of her. Ah ! why didn't God make me better-looking when he was about it ?' Forgive his irreverence, my friends. It was a curious question, and one not easily to be auaweieu. wnat saiLii jjoguerry r — xwsciuuig and writing come by nature ; but to be well favoured is the gift of Fortune.' And For tune is a capricious goddess, who, rather than Justice, should be represented as being blind ; whereas Justice should be very open-eyed, properly to fulfil her functions. The vagrant goats gave their pursuer some trouble. They were inclined to be perverse and froliesome, and led Jim a weary dance before he succeeded in capturing them. By the time he had done so, twilight had set in. As he returned, leading one with each hand, he had to pass the 4 Maori Hen,' at the door of which stood a woman. You could not see what she was like by the uncertain light, except that she was young and dark-haired. But her voice was singularly rich and mellow. 4 Eh ! Jim,' she said, 4 how long have thee been a goat- tender V ' They are not mine,' he replied, 4 They belong to Mary Austin. She lost them — con found the wretches — and I've had a smartish hunt after them.' The woman stepped forward with a resolute stride, and stood before him. 4 Tell me, where is George ?' she demanded. ' Why, he is up at Ned's hut, waiting for me ; that is, if he hasn't got tired, and gone home.' ' Ah ! George is very often at Ned's now, isn't he — since that sister of his came up here ?' 'I don't know, Bessie. Good night !' and he attempted to pass on, but in vain. 4 Tell me,' she said, with a voice imperative, 4 Is it true that he is courting that girl ?' 4 1 don't know,' he replied, 4 and I don't want to know. You had better ask him yourself.' 4 Thou poor fool !' exclaimed the woman, scornfully. 4 Thou'rt only fit to fetch and carry. Thou'rt out hunting goats for 44 Miss Mary" — oh ! yes, I know— it is always 44 Miss " Mary' — (words cannot convey any idea of the bitterness which she threw into the phrase) — 4 while thy mate is making love to her. Don't tell me. It is true, and thou knows it.' 4 1 don't know anything about it,' persisted Jim. 4 Please let me get along. I want to get rid of these confounded animals.' She moved so as to allow him to pass, but remained standing on the track, eagerly watching, until the two men came forth from Ned Austin's hut, and disappeared in the opposite direction. 4 Yes,' she said ; 4 1 will see him myself. Better for thee, my Handsome George, that thou had never been born than play the fool with me, for that baby.' Chapter II. It was a small hut wherein George and Jim resided, and scant of furniture — two rough 'stretcher' bedsteads, heaped with blankets, a small, rude table, a few stools of stout sea chests, nearly completing the in ventory. If any one had looked into it on the evening wherewith my story opens, they would have seen Jim busy over a brisk log fire, busily engaged in cooking the savoury chops which formed the basis of their frugal supper, whilst George was busily adorning himself, as best he might under the circum stances, before a very small looking-glass suspended irom ine wau. rresentiy Jim transferred the contents of the pan to a plate, which he placed on the table— guiltless of cloth or covering — with a loaf of bread, some salt and a couple of plates, knives, and forks, two tin pannikins, and a small tin boiler, called a 4 billy,' filled with steaming tea. 4 Supper is ready, George, when you've done titivating yourself.' Thus announced Jim. 4 What's the matter now, old man ?' queried George. 4 You don't look happy, and you don't speak happy. Have Miss Mary's goats given you too much trouble ?' 4 No ; and I ain't happy. I'm downright tired of this life, and I'll sell out if I can, and go away — somewhere.' 4 But what for ? What's wrong with you ?' 4 Everything is wrong, George. I'm wrong myself. I'm wrongly made, and wrongly put together, and — dash it! Never mind what. Come to supper.' They sat down in silence, and in silence they commenced and continued to eat George wondering why Jim was so unusually out of sorts, and Jim never once lifting his eyes to the other's face. Whilst they were thus occupied, the door opened, and a shock-headed, bare- footed urchin came in. He held out to George a letter. Here,' he said, 4 that's for you.' 4 Who is it from ?' George asked. ! I warn't to say. She'll hide me if I do ' and before any further question could be asked, he had disappeared in the outer darkness. Then Jim looked up, eyeing the letter suspiciously as George opened it. Apparently its contents were of the briefest, for its re cipient barely glanced at it — then threw it into the fire. As he did so, he caught- his companion's anxious look. 4 You need not stare at me as if I had committed murder, he said. 4 What on earth ails you to-night t 4 Who's it from?' asked Jim, sententiously. 4 Well, if you particularly want to know, it's from Bess Humphreys. She wants me to go down to the Maori Hen to-night to see her, and I shan't. That's all.' 4 Yes,' said Jim Trevanna, 4 she was speak ing to me to-night about you. Take care, George — you'll have some trouble with that woman yet. She's jealous, George ; and no wonder.' " , ... . 4 Let her be. I can't be bothered with her nonsense. Anyhow, she won't see me to night, for I promised Ned Austin to smoke a pipe with him, and there I'm going.' 4 Jim got up from the table, and paced to and fro for a few seconds. Then he stood before George, and said : — ' Look here, mate, I never interfered with you yet, and I don t want to now ; but I must. You are carrying on with two women ; and I wouldn't mind if you carried on with twenty, so far as that s concerned. But that girl — Miss Mary, I mean — is far too good for any dash'd nonsense ; and if you don't mean to do what's right by her, for God's sake leave her alone.' 4 What the deuce do you mean by lecturing me in this fashion,' angrily retorted George. 4 What business is it of yours ? Hang me if I don't think you're in love yourself. _ Which is it, Jimmy ? Mary Austin or bonnie black Bess— eh ? Say it's Bess, old boy, and go up and act as my proxy to-night. 'Pon my soul, you're welcome.' And the handsome fellow laughed gaily. TVi« nnfinn nf Dnclnr .Tim nlavirtCT the lover seemed to him a most excellent conceit. But the laugh was not echoed by Jim, whose face assumed a grey ashen hue as he listened to the careless mocking words. He was silent for a brief space, but the twitching of his lips made it evident that he was undergoing a severe internal conflict. 4 George,' he said, and he spoke slowly and deliberately in a semi-tone — his voice vibrating with suppressed emotion — 4 George Gifford, you and I have been mates for some years now ; and you've been a pretty wildish chap; you know you have, though I have never had any words with you about it. But I can't stand by and let you 4 play the fool,' as Bess Humphreys said, with that young girl. No ; I can't, and I won't.' 4 Oh ho ! — Bonny Bess said that, did she ? What the mischief have you and Bess to do with it ? You, anyhow ? Bess might have some right to talk ; I admit that. But what right have you, I should like to know ?' 4 Right ?' — and the word was almost a sob. 4 No ; God help me, I have no right — no right. I don't think I've got any right to live. But I can't let it be. What is Ned Austin thinking of to encourage your coming -to his place ? He don't know you so well as I do, or I'm sure he wouldn't.' 4 Hadn't you better go and tell him what a shocking example I am ? Pshaw, Jim ! let Ned alone to look after his sister. I never saw you in such a temper before, and I think I've had enough of it ; so I'll just bid you good-night — I'm off to Ned's ; and if Miss Bessie comes here, why, you know, you can just entertain her for me. Ta ta.' And lighting his pipe he went jauntily away, leaving Jim alone with his thoughts and his fears. That night George sat by the fireside in Austin's hut, cosily— chatting with Ned and smiling with Mary. She was fashioning another white hood ; and from silently ad miring the play of her deft fingers as she went on with her work, he took the hood out of her hand to examine it. As he did so, a slight sound caused him to turn and glance at the uncurtained window. What he beheld there paled his countenance, and caused him to drop the hood from his hands. 4 Gracious God !' he exclaimed. 4 What — what is it ?' asked brother and sister in a breath. 4 Nothing,' he answered. 4 Nothing?' Yes, nothing. Only a woman's face peeping in upon them. A face distorted with rage — a face with bright pierc ing eyes, sparkling with passionate wrath. It gleamed upon him for a single second ; a clenched hand was swiftly shaken with a menacing gesture, as he gazed. Then it vanished. 4 1 feared I had spoiled your hood, Mi'sp Mary,' he said, by way of explanation. 4 Why, you look as if you had seen a ghost,' cried Mary. 4 1 declare you gave me quite a start.' 4 Well, I thought some one was looking in,' — it was Ned who spoke. 4 And this isn't the first time either. You must rig up a blind to the window, Polly.' Whilst speaking, he rose and moved to wards the door, as intending to open it and look lortn. Just men, wiiether by accident or design, George upset the table, and thereby effectually hindered the execution of Ned's intention. First, there was a candle to pick up and re-light. Then there were the con tents of Mary's work-basket to be gathered up. By the time these things were accom plished it was too late to look for the owner of the face. But George had recognised it as the face of a woman whom he had wronged, and had just cause to fear. 4 What a clumsy fellow I am,' he said, out wardly bewailing the slight catastrophe, and inwardly congratulating himself on the result. Nobody contradicted him ; but Mary said apropos of nothing that had occurred, but fol lowing some train of thought — 'Where is Jim ? He never comes to see me now. Is he at the Maori Hen ? And George guiltily answered, 4Yes, perhaps he is.' When, at last, he went away, said Mary to her brother— 4 Ned, why don't you ask Jim to come up sometimes ? I can't think what he stays away for. He is always very kind to me, though he doesn't say much.' Jim Trevanna, left by himself, sat for a while over the fire, smoking his pipe, and brooding over George's 4 carryings on,' as he phrased it. Then he extinguished the 4 brief candle,' and betook himself to his blankets and to sleep. But his slumbers were of short duration. Some one shook him roughly by the shoulder; and, starting up, he saw by the light of the yet glowing embers, that the in truder was none other than Bess, of the Maori Hen. 1 What do you want here, Bess, at this time of night ?' he asked. 4 Don't talk. Listen to me,' she said ; and there was the same imperative ring in her voice that I have told you of. 4 Me is down at Austin's again to-night. I know it. I saw him there just now, smiling at her. And I sent to hi to come and see me to-night, and he wouldn't — the wretch. No, he wouldn't. Dost thou know that ? He couldn't come to me, but he can go to she.' 'Well, well; said Jim — he was worried sufficiently without this new infliction — 4 What have I got to do with it ?' 4 Thou, thou fool,' she answered with infinite scorn, 4 nothing at all. I only want thee to give him a message. Tell him from me, I must see him to-morrow morning. I must and will see him to-morrow morning. Tell him that. Be sure thou do, Jim ; and let him dare to stop away. That's alL' And with a swirl and a rush she swept oat of the hut, leaving Jim to get up and close the door alter her. 4 1 wish I were out of this ; bless'd if I don't,' he soliloquised. 4 It's getting too hot for me. Lord ! what can I do? I don't rightly know what them parsons mean by being 44 born again but if I could be born better-looking and more proper like, I wouldn't mind trying it on for once. It couldn't be no worse than tooth-drawing, anyhow.' And, with these reflections, he buried his head in the blankets, and went to sleep again. Chapter ITT. The morning dawned — bright, and calm, and cool. All nature was hushed in profound repose ; and the intense silence which pre vailed was only broken by the musical cadences of the river, rippling and seething in its rocky bed. As the son's advance began to light up the rugged scenery, the gathering vapours rolled upwards, forming fleecy cloud lets along the face of the mountains, as they ascended to the lofty snowy peaks, which glistened in the warm light whilst yet their base was shrouded in deep shadows. And now from the chimneys of the little settle ment there floated tiny wreaths of thin blue smoke, bearing witness that the dwellers therein were once more astir — that for them another day of toil had commenced. Pre sently, from behind a sky-kissing pinnacle up rose the orb of day, flooding the Terrace with sunshine; and then the miners began to issue from their huts, and to resume their accus tomed labours. 4 1 think you had better see that girl at the Maori Hen,' said Jim Trevanna, as he stooped to light his pipe with a fire- stick from the hearth. 4 Bother the girl at the Maori Hen,' was the testy reply. 4 1 am getting sick and tired of her. She worries me.' Perhaps she has cause to, George,' said his mate, sententiously. 4 What is it to you, if she has ? I wish you would mind your own business and let mine alone. I can't think what has come to you ; you seem quite changed of late.' 4 Perhaps I am changed. I don't feel quite right, I know. Look you here, George. I am sorry if I have said anything to anger you ; but I am fearful of mischief, and I can't hold my peace. Take my advice, or leave it, as you please. I say again, you had better see Bess this morning. I am going to the claim.' And, without farther parley, he shouldered his pick, and departed. 4 Hang it all !' ruminated George. 4 What a nuisance it is when a woman sticks like a burr, after a fellow has ceased to care for her. I'll go and see her, and just give her a piece of my mind. Why can't she let me alone ?' Why not, indeed ? Why cannot a woman be content to sit down with her misery, with folded hands and in meek submissiveness, when a man has 4 ceased to care for her ' who once did care for her — overmuch ? Have not the teachings of five thousand years taught her that, as the weaker vessel, it is her place to endure, and man's to enjoy ? Such, at any rate, is the human code ; the Divine code orders otherwise ; but rarely is it heeded by the nobler animal. Bess was waiting for him. Between the inn and the hut there was a huge pile of weather worn, lichen- encrusted rocks, that had fallen from the mountains, or been transported thither .in the Titanic age, and which, from a fancied resemblance of the upper stone to a Kilmarnock bonnet, was popularly known as the 4 Scotchman.' Under tbn lee of these stood Bess, ready to intercept him. So still and motionless was she that she seemed a living statue, set in a framework of light ancl shade. Jim saw her as he passed, but said nought. He only whistled softly, and mut tered under his breath, 4 George is going to have a bad time for certain.' A few minutes later George came forth' from the hut. As he approached, she carne- forward and confronted him, and the action, brought her into the sunlight. She was undeniably handsome — a larce- limbed Helen, or a Cleopatra — tall of stature with a finely-developed voluptuous form. Her luxuriant, blue -black hair came low down on her forehead, so as to leave but scant space above the long, flexible eyebrows. Her eyes — large, black, and piercing — were now so full of fire withal, that the beholder quailed before their intense lustre ; and her perfectly straight nose terminated in thin nostrils, which visibly quivered and dilated under the influence of intense excitement. Her mouth was large but shapely, and remarkable by reason of the fixed compression of the full ripe lips ; and her square-set lower jaw and somewhat mas sive neck, denoted great power and resolute wui. Altogether, you would come to the con cision that here was a woman of great vitality and much force of character — capable of being exercised for good or evil, as circum stances might surround and sway her. ' Creorge quailed as her big eyes flashed out upon him, and he turned his own away, guiltily. He had proposed to himself to 4 give er a P1®0© of his mind,' as yon know ; and now, when he encountered the gaze of the mj bad njured, conscience made a coward of him. Nevertheless, he tried to as- thattempfc f bravado> and fftiled ® s' my bnnie lassie,' he said with smile, but without looking at her, T n yoa wanted to see me, and w amr> t is it about? I can't stay long for I m behind my time already. withLTdmanperCeptibly6hivered; but not .Wanf: to see thee,' she said, in a betraying suppressed emo- something that was almost a 4 There was a time, W W? iar €itber> 1 Shouldn't have had to send for thee. Thou could'st come to me then without any sen cling ; ay, and stop too as long as I'd let thee.7 Well, well, Bess ; never mind that now. That sort of thing can't last for ever, you know.' The heartless speech inflamed the woman t ) yet greater wrath. 4 What ! — Never mind it? 'Tis well for thee, George, to say "never mind;" but I must mind it — ay, andsuffer for it, maybe. Thou'st told me many's the time how thou loved me, and I believed thee, to my cost. And now it " can't last," eh ? But I tell thee it shall last. Dost think I'll stand by and say nought, when I see thee leaying me for that pale-faced wench of Ned Austin's, thoii'rt so sweet on ? — Never, George ; thee had better nelieve it.' ' Oh-hb ! So you are jealous, are you ? Well, you have no call to be, then. And if you are — suppose I am sweet on Mary Austin, or any other girl, I don't see what concern it is of yours. There's plenty other lads than I about, and I'm sure I shouldn't be jealous if you were sweet on some of them. Tell me what you want, and let me go to work.' She came closer to him, and laying her hand upon his arm, compelled him to look at her. 4 How dare thee say such a tiling ? As if I should be likely to care for any other lad but thyself. I'll tell thee what concern it is of mine. I want to know when thou dost mean to fetch the wedding-ring and make an honest woman of me.' He tried to laugh it off, and turned as to go away, without replying. But she gripped him so firmly that he could not relieve him- S3lf without violence. 4 1 will know,' she insisted. 4 1 will not be put off any longer. Not one foot shalt thou budge, my Handsome George, till I've got a solemn promise from thee. Not that thy promises are much worth, as I know, to mv sorrow. Oh ! George, George,' she cried, with a sudden revulsion of feeling, 4 Don't leave me. I love thee so as I cannot give thee up. Only make me thy wife, and I'll love thee and be thy slave all life-long. Tell me thou art only joking, and I'll forgive thee ; but for God's sake don't leave me, or I shall die.' She clung to him with a tenacity begotten of love and despair. But as the woman melted, the man hardened. 4 Pooh ! Bess, you are worth twenty dead women yet,' was his reply to her appeal. 4 And I can't make any promises about it. There's no need to hurry.' 4 But there is, George,' she persisted. 4 There is indeed. Too much need, Heaven help me. — Listen — ' and, throwing her arms around his neck, she whispered something — only a few words — but tbey visibly affected him. 4 Is that true, Bess ?' he asked. 4 On your soul, is it as you say ?' 4 Ay, indeed, it is true ; upon my soul it is. Oh ! George, pity on me. I have neither father nor brother to take my part, nor mother nor sister to comfort me. Only thee, George, that I trusted so ; and if thou art false to me now, what can I do ?' She burst into a passion of tears, as she lavished caresses upon him ; and the dor mant sense of manhood faintly stirred in his breast. Before he left her, he had renewed his vows, and promised to marry her ; nay, to make 4 assurance doubly sure,' he swore it. And still, with characteristic weakness, trifling with Time the Avenger, he sought to put off the marriage-day. 4 1 cannot manage it just now. There's a hut to build, and things to get, and I should like to have some more gold out of the claim first. But it shall be soon, Bessie ; never fear.' And the woman believed, and forgave him, because of her exceeding love. # 4 "Where's Handsome George this morning ?' queried Austin, as Jim stepped into the claim. 4 1 don't know,' said Jim. 4 Oh ! come now ; that cock won't fight. You never can tell a lie properly, you know ; for your face always contradicts your tongue. You know well'enough, and I guess I do, too. He's up at the Maori Hen, spooning with Black Bess — that's his little game. She came peeping in at the window last night, looking for him, I reckon ; and Master George capsized the table, to stop me from going out to see. He thought that I wasn't up to his dodge ; but I was, though I didn't let on because of Mary.' Now, Jim had no intention of divulging his fears and suspicions to Mary's brother; but the words dropped from him involuntarily — 4 Don't you think it would be ,as well, if you didn't have bim to your place so often ?' Ned stopped work, and leaning on his long- handled shovel, regarded his mate with a puzzled expression of countenance. 4 Why, what for? I am not so mortal fond of Bess Humphreys as to turn him away that he may so courting her. Why, what — oh ! Jerusa- lem !' he exclaimed, as another possible expla nation of Jim's meaning occurred to him. 4 You don't think — no, you never can suppose —that he is after Mary? Man alive! she wouldn't look at him, for all as handsome as he is. No, no. Handsome is as handsome does ; and for me, I wouldn't allow it if she did. He's a deal too gay for my little girl.' Jim answered irrelevantly, 4 I'm going up the race to turn on the water.' For many nights thereafter George Gifford was rarely a visitor at Austin's hut ; and, somehow, Jim Trevanna dropped into his place. He was hut poor company, as Ned re marked, his conversation being mostly of the monosyllabic order. He would sit quietly, smoking his pipe, and listening to Ned s per formances on the violin, which he played with some skill and effect, and watching Miss ' Mary at work — and was seemingly happy in being permitted to do so. And sometimes he and Ned wonld have a ganm of draughts or backgammon. But much talking clearly was not his forte. Said Mary, on one of these occasions, 4 Where's George ?' 4 I'm sure I don't know, Miss Mary.' 4 Is it true that he has taken up with that bold- looking woman at the Maori Hen,' con tinued Mary, with an almost imperceptible toss of her pretty head. Yon see, angels in petticoats are capable of being a trifle cen sorious at times. The question was an awkward one for Jim. To be loyal to his friend, be must be false to himself, and untrue to the fair young girl be side him. So be fell back on his usual -formula — 4 1 don't know.' 4 No,' said - Ned, 4 Jim never knows any thing he don't want to. Beckon you needn't ask him, Polly.' 4 Good old Jim!' said Mary, soothingly. 4 It is a shame to tease you.' Jim looked up, and caught her soft, kind eyes gazing upon him so sweetly that he forth with blushed like a peoDy. He said he 4 thought it was about time to go.' Neverthe less he did not go for a full hour or more thereafter. After a little while George began to visit more frequently at the Austins, and then the conversation flowed more freely and cheer fully. At such times, Jim always found or made some pretext for shortening his stay, despite all efforts to induce him to remain. In truth, the talk and the laughter vexed him — he would not, even to himself, confess wherefore. He knew that it was pleasant to gaze on Mary's face with silent admiration, and : sweet to listen to her voice ; and he knew also that he was pained when that face smiled upon another, and that voice vibrated in another's ear. But be entertained so modest an opinion of himself that he would as soon have thought of crying for the moon as of aspiring to the favour of the woman whom yet he loved, with a love the intensity of which he was unaware of, but which he hugged to his bosom with miserly avidity and jealous secresy. And Bessie ! — Her troubles were thickening. George was again growing cold and indif ferent. The momentary twinge of conscience which her passionate grief had evoked was fading away. Despite her prayers and re monstrances, the marriage-day had not been fixed; and, neglecting her, he now passed most of his evenings in the company of her unwitting rival. Evidently a thunderstorm was brewing. (to be continued). 