ITEMS OP NEWS. The Legislative Council last night struck out a number of clauses of the Animals Protection Bill and substituted amendments. In the As sembly after several questions had been answered, consideration of the Supply Bill was resumed, and after considerable discussion the bill passed ti third reading by 34 votes to 27. The House then wentinto committee on the Water Oonser- \- vancy Bill, which was passed through committee and reported. Tho Forrons No.: 1 Tribute Oo.-hold their half-yearly meeting to-day. . The -Guildford. Priendly. Societies -intimate that they will celebrate their -annual sports on < New Tears' Day.- v.. \- At the Police Court yesterday, before Messrs.: Poarce, Greonhill, Tolstrup and Cramer J.'s.P.; an inebriate named Thomas Armstrong who had offended ' for the first : time - was - discharged.1 Thomas Maddigan. was fined 6s with 2s 6d costs for cutting saplings. . 1 : . . Mr William Maxwell, recently appointed go- vernor.of tho gaol, entered on his- duties yester day. -He had been employed at tho Peulridg'o S ockade for 27 years, and for a considerable portion of that time he discharged the duties of ohief warder. . . \--Mr R. D. Reid, the Liberal candidate for Fitzroy, laid his views before a meeting of elec tors at Fitzroy on Monday evening. He «av listened to with much interest. : . The question on which lie dwelt at greatest length was that of loosing the public lands yot unalienated, and he g-ivo in his absolute adhesiou to this systom. At the conclusion of his address a unanimous voto of confidence in him was carried: - , A cricket match will be played at "Malmsbury to-day between the- Wattle Flat and Matmsbury clubs, play to commence at 2.30. The Flat will be represented by the:following; who are reques ted to meot at the Railway station nt a quarter to one o'clock sharp Alexander, Keast, Camp bell, Dawes, Muirhead, Laver (2), Sampson, Jackson, Conn, Dann, '- Wilson; Walker,- Craw ford and Smith. We have received a ponderous publication which no person having. occupation can hope to find leisure or inclination to read' through. In pages it numbers -720, of the size of foolscap, in weight it is about 4 lbs., its cost for printing 800 copies is L760. - The publication oonsists of the minutes of evidence taken before the Royal Commission on. the police force of Victoria- The substance of them having been published in tho daily journals at the time the evidonoe was taken, the.interest in them has long ago ceased. ' About 9 o'clock yesterday morning nine drays laden with potatoes, drawn by 19 horses, passed through Castlomaine on the way. for Mount "Browne diggings. - The drays nnd harness woro obw, tho horses wore poworful, nnd the display such a long lino made was somethingof a novelty in those, days of railroads."" Tho drivors fn'ended going on to JEchuca, and. from that they have 400 miles further to go before reaching their destina tion.- - . .-' It is stated that Mr Hemp, who has been so long connected with the Water Supply Depart ment at Castlomaine, will probably be removed to Sandhurst. His friends about town, who aro nnmerons, bare signed a petition for -presenta tion to the Minister of Water Supply, soliciting him to ajlow Mr Hemp to remain at Castlemaine. This petition but expresses a general wish, as his capability as an inspector, and hia courtesy as an officer of the department hare justly, rendered him popular with all persons having business to transact with him.- . . Several gentlemen who manifested a desiro to form a dramatic club met on Monday evening iwith a view to combining and settling upon a drama to bo played on New Year's night, in con nection with the Carnival. They would like to -put Rip Van .Winkle on tho boards, but they fear they, will have a difficulty in procuring ladies,; -which drawback is a common. one with amateurs, .but which they always endeavour to Burmount; From the spirit . which was evinced by : the" prin cipal movers in this project, it miy bo -assumed : that they will be successful in carrying out their purpose. : : . .; Mr J. H. Abbott has written a letter to the Bettdigo Advertiser intimating that he will not be a. candidate at the forthcoming election for the North-Weslern Province, but that -he will ooroe forward to represent Bondign in Septem ber when, the new Aot is In. operation. ...So. little has been heard ab'out.Mr Stanbridgo, Selectors were beooming dbublful.as to his intentibhs, but we observe by the Dayleaford Advocate ; of yes-: terday that ho is conducting anj.active, - canvass, and it is noticed ..that ho. was/. itt. Sandhurst last Saturday. .. Mr Stanbridgo lodged. his rdeposit of L100 with tboRoturningroflieer yesterday. Fri day .is the last day for receiving Buch deposits. The ad j uurned : mooting of tho Carnival Com mittee was held in the Town Hail last "night. Mr, Slattery. in tho chair.- Mr Mitchell was proposed for, chairman .by Mr Tootell, but ho declined on the groundAf not having sufficient-- limo, ;but he would render every . assistance, lie could. It.Was'a great pity, he remarked, that the committees of the Hospital and Asylum Were not present to give their aid. He moved that Mr Slattery be elected chairman, but that gentleman declined. After some further pro posals it was agreed that Mr' W. Halford. jnnr., act as chairman, and that Mr Mitchell and Mr Graham be vico chairmen. The Mayor of O istlemaiue . was elected treasurer. The following sub-committees wore chosen : — Messrs Nicholls, Goodo, and Hobbs for printing and advertising ; Messrs Pincus, Nicholls, Hal- ford, Smith, and Ray for sports ; Messrs Ray, Ottoy, Dt Nosek, Stagg, and Hobbs for pro cession ; Messrs Bailey and De Nosek for sites ; Mr Hobbs, to form the dramatio committee ; Messrs Tootell, Harrison, and Henry for finance; Messrs Hodgson, Tootell, and Da Nosek for tho art union. It was agreod that all those con cerned with the committees aot on the can vassing committee. On tho motion of Mr Too tell it was agreod that tho booths ho sold by tender, and that the refreshment booth should not soil any liquids except tea and coffee. As respects the profits Mr Mitoheli recommended that they be divided into three equal parts be tween the Hospital, Asylmn, and Ladies' Com mittee. Mr Graham concurred on that view, and stated that if the ladies got an equal Bhare of the proceeds they would be sure to render as sistance towards the Carnival that would contri bute towards it success. It was then resolved after some discussion to make the division as reoommanded. It was agreed that the secrotary write to tho Asylum and Hospital Committees for tlioir assistance in getting up tho Carnival. Mr Ray moved that the Castlomaine Band should be employed as before, and Mr. Goode stated that the band would play on the same terms as last year. He also suggested that they, should have a dancing booth, whioh he felt certain would return a good profit, Mr Ray was in favour of this suggestion, but it was - op posed by Mr Mitcholl, who did not think that any profit would bo dorived from it, on account of tho outlay ontailed in getting flooring boards. With a view to ascertaining their coat, tho in formation will bo obtained at next meoting. Mr Btckford having made an offer to supply Punch and Judy on the same terms as on the previous year, it was agreod to accept thorn. Mr Kenyon will be waited on respecting his morry- go-round by Mr Mitchell, who voluntoorod to aeo him. This brought tho busiuess to a close. A cake of gold woighing 450 oz was lodged at tho City Bank, Carcoar, on Saturday evening, from Mount Macdonnld. Tho receipts of tho A ll-England Elcvon arickot matchos at Maitland nnd Newcastle last week wero precisely thesamo, nnmoly, L1C4 10s. A man named John Bartlott was crushed to death at Luckson'a froestono quarry, Adelaide, on Monday morning. A stono weighing 4 cwt or 6 owt fell on him, causing immediate doath. Mrs Harry, wife of the landlord of tho Tem perance Hotel at Adelaido, narrowly escaped being burnt to death on Monday. She ap proached too near tho fire, her apparel caught, and but for the entrance of Mr Harry, who used every effort to extinguish the flames, she must have been burnt to doath. As it was Mr Harry was moro injured than his wife. The Board of Inquiry into the olaims preferred by Mrs Ann Jones for compensation for destruc tion ol her inn and loss of her son at tho time of the capture of tho Heilya at Glonrowan, have recommended that the sum of--L280 be awarded to her in addition to an amount of L25- to be paid to her solioitor, Mr Da-yer, for costs. Mrs Jones claimed L5000. . . - ; 'Horse-stealing is still a lucrative livelihood in the Kelly district. Tho Benalla . Ensign spoaka of scores of flash bushmen who never appear- to do auy work— yet they have , money, and theirs is a more rollicking lifo than the bandit's.: The Ensign complains that the stalo plea— tho horse broke loose, : and we wero , taking ?. it -home JV— is accepted as. an oxcuse. -V .- ;V. . -Another: disgraceful scene occurred in the.yd- ney Domain- on Sunday aftornoon.. Mr , Cocks introduced a harmonium into "his : religious ser vice, and his remarks caused the larrikins to rush, upon him and -the instrument.' -Tho latter was kicked into pieces, and had it not been, for the interference of the police Cocks, would- have been seriously maltreated. ' Forlune-telling ( writes o -Melbourne corres pondent) must be a good game, and ns""tlie polico wink, at it the. " professors ".are oii (he inaroaao, about, ten are now advertising; and all driving a good-business. ! o-in hardly believe it, but the principal retail bookseller of ihia city tolls tno that he sells as many fortune-telling and dream books as ho does Bibles. One of the'fortune-toUers ii the sister of an M.P. ,and has dono so well that, she can sport her . buggy, besides owniug pro perty. - .: Colonel Anderson, the Commandant of tho Victorian "Volunteer Forces, still lies in an ex ceedingly precarious condition : at ;. his . residence in South Yarra, and - it seems - that very:; little hops is now entertained of. his ultimate recovery. With reference to the force,- of which it is to be feared" that the gallant officer in question will never again resume tho active- command,1 it is rumoured -that- important, changes of . 'organi sation are : contemplated by the Government, amongst the chief of which is the re-appoint ment of the discharged drill instructors; the number retained being regarded as inadequate to tho proper instruction of the men. A son of Mr Henry Reitze, butcher, of Smy- tliosdale, was attacked by a big sow and seriously injured on Monday afternoon. The lad was at the slaughteryards, when tha sow knocked him down, cut him- severely on : the- arms, ibody, thighs, and logs, and lore his clothes to ribbons. The- boy had: the presence of' mind to- keep his face downward,, and succeeded -in . pulling his flat over his ears. His elder sister ran screeoh- iug to the animal, which turned on. her nnd ran after her for some distance,' but returned to the -boy, who, howeYor,jWas .saved .from further in jury by the arrival of assistance.-": v H There is now no occasion for any further re ticence in the case of tho shire secrotary reported from Sandhurst yesterday, whose accounts are .believed to be wrong. The officiul referred to is Mr G P. Marrack, of the Sliiro of ilarong. A special meeting of the council was held on -Monday, at which - tho whole of the members were present. : It was reported to the meeting that the auditors wcre.not in a position to com plete their work; owing to Mr Marrack de clining to give- up certain books. Henco they could not-state whether there are or are not de falcations. It was decided to suspend Mr Mar raok, and the necessary instructions wero given to institute" criminal? proceedings . for tho re covery of the books, as a preliminary;: to further action. A strange part of the affair is that Marrack lias not been seqn for the last: throo days. , ; " - t: ' k/J According to the Ago it is understood that negotiations are -going on with Mr Francis, as the representative of . the - Liberal Conservatives in the Assembly, to induce him to take up Mr Miranis's -motion in favour of the leasing sys tem, which Mr Francis is known to have ro- comraended to the- Service Government. Tho object of the negotiators is to bring about a con solidation of the -Liberal element- in the As sembly, and to build-up a really.: united and com manding parly, whioh_should attract to itself the strongest, characters and; the- best , legislative experience and talent.on Both sides of the House. Such a coalition, oa Mr Berry,. would, admit, was seen to be inevitable from the moment; that the ties 'which, kept'- the old parties together were loosened by tho passing of tho Reform Bill ; and ho! moro favourable - opportunity for achieving this end, and mOst assuredly, no more favourable theme could have. been selected for making ihq experiment ; than , is afforded by tlio discussion ; of the great aihd jSalutary principle which' Mr Mirams, who has no desire /to push himself un- ; duly to the' front,' invites', the Assembly to en- dorse. -- ; - -. /" Mr George Cunningham,- tho only candidate who has definitely come forward for the vacancy in the Legislative Assembly caiisod by the' death of Mr Johnstone,- h id a very favourable recep tion at his meeting in Geelong on Monday night. Mr Cunningham devoted a great portion of'his remarks to deprecating party strife, which, lie said, had been too prevalent in Geelong, to the detriment of its material welfare. He declared that ho belonged to neithor of the two parties represented respectively by the Political Reform Association and the Reform League, and that he would support the present Government so lon<» as they continued to conduct the business of the country as satisfactorily as at present. He wont so far as to say that he would, if elected, " squeeze tho Government lilto a sponge," and the meeting did not frown at this announcement. With regard to protection ho stated that ho was rather in favour of extending than of curtailing its operations. A deathlike stillness provailod when in answer to a question put at tho close of his speech Mr Cunningham referred to tho Education question. Ho intimated that he would be no party to disturbing the three cardinal principles of tho present act, but that lie was g'ad tho Royal commission had been ap pointed, so that any defect found to oxist in the administration of tho measuro might ho re-" medied. As to tho land question, ho stated that he did not approve of tho bill introduced by tho Go vernment, or of tho stoppage of tho further alienation of public lands. Intelligence reached Koroit from Wickliffe on Monday that an old resident of Kirkstall, named Patrick Kelly, had beoti thrown off his horse nnd killed instantly. Kelly was employed on Borne road works at Mount Rouse last week.. Ho was at Woodford, near here," attouding tho funeral. of his sister, and was on his way baek to work when the accident ocourred, He loaves a widow and pine children. The important mining case, Quail, v. Marshall, Which relates IC Qhail's fabulously rich olaim at Bormedman, Toroora, has been amicably settlod at Sydnoy. Very largo interests were in volved. . - - A slight tremor of earthquake was felt ot Maryborough, at 4 o'olook oil Monday. It was so slight aud felt by very, fow porsons that it was at Drat thought they were mistakon ; but it is now ascertained to havo been Policed by a sufficient number to authenticate the asser tion. . A landslip occurred on Monday at the works on olio of iho seotions of tho Nepean Water works. A considerable weight of earth fell upon a labourer named J. Brooke, causing sovore in juries to his back, and completely paralysing his lower extremities. The man now lies in tho in firmary in a critical condition. Senior-constable Murphy and constable Norlin apprehended a man named Searle at Yass, on Saturday night, for drunkonncss. Tho prisoner offdred a slight resistance, wheronpon constable Murphy struck him with a loaded whip on the left side of tho head, rendering him insensible. Searlo was unconscious until yesterday when ho died. On Saturday afternoon a boy named Wm. Dobson, aged seven yours, was accidentally drowned at Yarraville. Another little boy and iho deceased wero playing together in a boat moored near - the mouth of : the Stony Creek bridge, when Dobson fell into tho water. Every effort, according to the Humane Society's rules, likely to restore deceased to animation was made, but proved unavailing. Tho other boy became so -frightened at tho catastropho that he wont away and liid -himself, and up to a lato hour he had not been found. \- A fatal accident occurred at Muoroopna, on Sunday aftornoon, to a young man named: John Whito; in tho omploy of a farmor at North Moo- roopna; named Fitzpatrick. It appears that de ceased, accompanied with a youth '.named - Bold, had been bathing together, and woro' returning on horseback, when a discussion arose as to the merits of tlioir respective horses, aud it was ro solved-to race! After. a short distance had been, travcrsod along- a timborod lane. : . < White was thrown against a tree. The violence of the con cussion smashed his Bkull, and ho died; tin- five, minutes.' . \- A cruel practical joko is reported to have been .played upon a youth who recently visited, some country relations at Wagga Wa«ga. He" was taken out opossum -shooting by somo of his' young: friends, .who had previously arranged that one of the numbor should climb a tree nnd personate a-ghostiby-covoring himself with a oheet. . . Sud- denlydho alarm was given, and- tho conspirators decamped in feigned alarm,- but soon -recovering their courage, they persuaded their young guest to fire at the ghost, having previously taken' the precaution tooo that his- gun was only loaded -with powder. The ghost descending the tree,' -approached.' the. party, and so terrified tho lad -that ho became insensible, and was fully six weeks' -before ho regained his customary health. ; News reached Wilcanniaou Monday of a dread-- ful acoident which. occurred on- Wcdnosday -last,? -five miles -below Thackaringa, on -the boundary -between South Australia and New South Wules.- -Mrs Campbell nnd five children -lived in a' tent about half a mile: from the Government-dam,' on the New South Wales aide of the boundary. -Accompanied by her three oldest children/ "Mrs Campbell went to the dam for. . water, leaving a Tittle girl of five years of ago nnd - a baby" at the tent. ..It is-'aupposed that the- liighWind blew some ashes from .the fire? to the tent in which . the . two -children were, and - set . fire, to it: Although the mother saw the fire from the dam; -she-could not reach . the -tont? in time; and. hor -two-children were burned to- ashes.- - The father- was away shearing. - -v-: ?< .. . Asad fatality occurred on Mondny evening in- ; the Campaspe river, near Echuci, by which' two young girls wero drowned. , Tho girls we're both -aged about 14. years, one being named Elizabeth M'Arthur, and the second Ada Laughlan; -,Tlioys .were in swimming about seven o'clock, and Miss M'Arthur noticed that her companion -wsb dis tressed.- -She immediately seam to her assistance,- and the other girl, clasping her round the ncok, !tbey both sank in a death embrace. The ao'ci-' \- dent was witnessed by tho grandmother of' one of the children, who gave tho alarm: Mr C.' Tattam was speedily on tho spot, and jumped in, but failed to find the girls, who had sunk. The river banks were soon crowded with people, , and many persons woro in swimming aDd diving. Tho bodies, in about 1 1 feet of water, wero found after- 11 p.m., clasped in each other's arms. They were raised to the surface with firo hooks. That the cow is not '.'inevitably killed" when caught by the " catcher" on the locomotive engine was-:, demonstrated lately on the Great Northern extension, between Tamworth and Urnlln. Accord ing to, the Sydney Evening News the contractor's engine, with somo -half dozen men, was proceeding at pretty good speed along the line on a dark night, when a collision with something was felt. " The brake was_ instantly applied, and the guard looking over the side, saw the bend of n horned beast lying on,- tho rail, while its bellowing made all believe some frightful injury had been inflicted upon its oarcass. The engine was stopped, and tho men jumped down to drag away, na they expected, tho dead b dy. To their intense astonishment when the engine stopped, the cow jumped — not exactly over the moon, but . on to her feet, and galloped off into the hash. - -The animal must have been caught nappiug across tho line, and been turned up in such a way that her legB were towards the engine, nnd thus she was shoved along in front of the wheels. She , was seen _next day ' hugging tho fence,' nnd showing the side which had beeti grounded, and from -whioh the hair had been as completely rubbed as though the beast had undergone the process of singeing. Although often seen afterwards she invari ably kept clear of the line. Such a singular escape has never before been seen in the experience of any of the men who witnessed it, and who had for years been engaged in extending the line." 