FREEMASONRY EXPOSED. The following graphic (1) letter, contributed by " A Victim" to tho order, which appeared in tho Freemasons' Monthly Magazine, will doubtless be read with intorest :— »I have joined the Masonic fraternity, Mr. Editor I am a free and accepted son, or brother, or wlmtever it is, of that mysterious organisation. I have belo,agedto many secret societies in my Umc-I have been i Orangeman, and a Son of Temperance, and Fenian, and, if I remember aright, I once belonged to a gang of coiners-but this Masonic arrangement, this institution of the compass and square, distances them all. 1 have often wondered what sort of a thing a ; in what respects he differed from an ordinary being. Again and again have I pumped persons who I thought knew what as what with a view of finding out something •garding these queer men, but it was no go. Mum was the word; and those who could tell wouldn't, and those who would couldn't; for further information I was to go and find out. I had a vague idea of my own that a Mason was a sort of supernatural being, a regular ring-tailed roarer, with horns aud hoots to match, who could come down tho chimney, or get through tho key-hole, and disappear like a flash of lightning—a chap that would knock blazes out of a follow with a wink of his eye, aud of whom tho devil himself was afraid. . " There is one singular thing connected with Masonry of which you are perhaps not aware, and that is, a Mason never dies. Occasionally it is given out that a brother has departed this life, and the fraternity is respectfully summoned to do honor to his remains; but it is a sham, a big swindle, gotten up to throw dust in tho eyes of the uninitiated. The coffin is stuffed full of bricks, and deposited with duo solemnity in the cemetery, whilo the brothers and friends are blubbering their eyes out over the grave of the dear departed, and tho departed is quietly enjoying himself in tho back room of some hotel, preparatory to leaving for parts unknown. " It is a fact, Mr. Editor, Masons never die. They may change their appearance and move off to other spheres, but as for dying, they can't do it. It is supposed by some that, after they have transacted wickedness enough on this earth, they are transformed into comets and meteors, and go wandering through space, kicking up shines and raising the devil generally. And a great many poople suppose that the last meteoric display was nothing more nor less than a free fight between some rival lodges that have crossed each other's path— tho different colored lights betokening the different degrees they had acquired in tho flesh. " Freemasonry is of ancient date, as proved by the fact that during the wet season Noah used to hold meetings in the corner of the ark. He was obliged to give it up, however, owing to the curiosity of Mrs. Noah, who, notwithstanding the fact that her husband placed a big pair of lions and a big crocodile at the door as outside guard, came pretty near finding out the secret, and starting a female lodge on her own hook. " I must tell you the perils and trials I had to undergo to become a Slason. On the evening in question, I presented myself at the door of the lodge-room, No. 66,006, signs of the skull and cross-bonos. I was conducted to the ante-room, where five or six melancholy chaps in sashes and embroidered napkins were waiting to receive me. " On my entrance they all got up and turned back somersault, and then quietly resumed their seat. A big fat fellow, who sat in tho middle, and who seemed to be the proprietor, then said, ' Sinner from tho outward world, advance.' I advanced. ' Will you give up everything to join us ?' 1 Not if I know it,' said L * There's my wife and fourteen fine—' (Another party here told me it was a mere matter of form.) The fellows in the towels then groaned, and said, ' 'Tis well.' ' Do you swear never to reveal anything you may 6ee or hear this evening, not to your wife!' I said, ' 'Pon my word, I will not.' They then examined my teeth and felt my muscles, and made me put out my tongue, and then groaned again. I said,' If you don't feel wdl, I have got a little bottle here, that—.' Here tho fat man took the bottle from me, and told me to shut up. He then, in a voice of thunder, said, ' Bring forth the goat.' Another fellow then came forth to blindfold me. * No, you don't, Mr. Mason,' I said; ' no trick on travellers, if you please. I don't believe in playing blindman's buff with a goat. I'll ride the devil if you like, but I don't go it blind. Stand back, or I'll knock you into smithereens.' They were too much for me, however, and I had to submit to be blindfolded. The goat was then led in, and I could hear him making an awful racket among the furniture. I began to feel that I was urgently wanted at home, but I was in for it, and could not help myself. Three or four fellows then seized me, and with a demoniacal laugh pitched me on the animal's back telling me at the same time to look out for squalls. I have been in a good many scrapes, Mr. Editor—I've been in an election fight, I've been pitched out of a four-storey window, I have gone down in a railroad collision, and up in a 6toamboat explosion, but this great excursion was ahead of them all. The confounded thing must be all wings and horns. It bumped me against the tables and tho stove and the ceiling, but I hung on like a Trojan. I turned front somersaults, and rolled over till I thought it was all over with me. I was just on tho point of giving up when the bandage fell from mine eyes, and the goat bounded through the window with a yell like a Camanche Indian giving up the ghost. I was in a Lodge of Masons. They were dancing a war dance around a skull, and playing leapfrog and turning handsprings, and the big fat fellow of the ante-room was standing on his head in the corner, finishing tho contents of my little bottle. Order was soon restored, and I was led up to a desk and told to stand at my ease. The chief engineer of the establishment then put his thumb to his nose, and stretching his fingers in the shape of a fan towards me, commanded silence. Tho rest of tho brethren did likewise, and were silent. Tho governor then addressed me:—'Brother Knobb, you are now one of us. You are now a member of an institution that has lasted over ten millions of years. From this time hence your constitution is sound. You are impervious to light or heat, or any other atmospheric influence. You are water-proof, fire-proof, and over-proof. With impunity you may walk through the lake, or sit on a red-hot stove; with impunity drink aquafortis, rye whisky, Wahoo bitters, or any othor poisonous substance. You are free from rheumatism, dyspepsia, whoopingcough, and the measles. The sheriff dare not seize you for debt, nor tho policeman lor misdemeanor. You are of us, and you are safe. Here is the pass-word; with that and a big club you can get into any lodge in Christendom.' I then stood the whisky and water all tho way round, and I was a free and accepted 