Presbyterian Church, West Maitland. On Tuesday evening last, the members of this Church held a social meeting in the School of Arts. Invitation cards were issued to all members and adherents, and a few friends. The tea tables were amply furnished under the management of Mrs. Falkiner. A large number attended, but not so many as were expected. At eight o'clock a meeting was held in the Church ; the attendance was large, many who were not at the tea being present. After praise and prayer, the Rev. James Benvie delivered the following address : Dear Friends, It is upwards of three years since any financial statement was made to the congregation. The reason is that our expenditure is somewhat fixed ; when we find that we have sufficient money for all claims, we feel disposed to allow affairs to move on undisturbed. But it is good to let our affairs be known from time to time, in order that those who contribute may know how the money is spent. The various financial statements which I will submit to you will be found highly satisfactory and one advantage of delay in submitting these statements will be found in the fact that the bright side of things comes to light all at once. Our proceedings this evening are somewhat peculiar. I am no warm admirer of modern ecclesiastical tea meet iagB. I do not on principle stand out against them. There is no use in doing that. But I am not an enthusiast in their favour. I dislike the idea of making money by them for strictly religious purposes on the same principle I dislike bazaars, Bruce auctions, Bham art unions, and gambling for the maintenance of religious ordinances. The youth of the colony are too much involved in the habits of gambling without finding encouragement from the Church of God. We Presbyterians are an undemonstrative class of people, We love law -and order, peace and quietness, and decidedly prefer doing the work committed to our care without making a noise about it, and asking the whole world to come and look at us. I will now lay before XC'd several financial statements 3-12. The Ordinary Income: This is derived from pew rents, Sabbath collections, and subscriptions to Sustentation Fund. During three years, ending 30th September, 1880, the pew rents amounted to £180 7s. ; ordinary collections, £284 16s. 3d. ; Sustentation Fund, £292 98, G J. ; special collection for church schemes, £63 13s. 5d.; total, £852 3s, The expenditure during the same period amounted to £818 10s. 4d,, leaving a balance in hand of £33 12a.'lld. The balance in hand at the commencement of the three years amounted to £30 16s. 10d, The ordinary expenditure is stipend, doorkeeper, psalmody, gas, insurance, and trifling repairs. The expenditure for repairs from the ordinary revenue his been very heavy. The roof, re-painting, gas fittings, and several small items, have cost £85 4s. This has been paid out of the ordinary revenue without even one extra subscription, On looking at the items of income, the revenue from pew rents is very low. They are intentionally low. The object is, to avoid putting a prohibitory price on the regular hearing of the Gospel, and to enable every one to say that he has a place in the house of God to which he can take his family. But, we expect that the free-will offerings under the head of collections and subscriptions to Sustentation Fund shall supply ample means for the honest and respectable maintenance of the church and religious ordinances. The accounts have been regularly audited, and balance struck every year. By adding three years' revenue from the Glebe trustees, £400, to the above income, the total for the three years amounts to £1268 10s. 2. The Manse Fund: In the last statement of this fund, £141 was the amount of debt on the building, After deduct- ing Borough rates and insurance premiums, which together amount to £7 17s. 3d. per annum, and interest to the Bank, the surplus from rent and several subscriptions amounts to £81, which, with "£60 from the ordinary revenue, clears off the whole amount of debt. £50 was given from the three years revenue, and £10 from the current year, in order that we may be able to say that the manse Ex this moment is free from debt. This will enable us at once to spend a little more upon the building that it may be in all respects complete, and bears'. scrutiny of any critic. Contrasting our p' ' -1 one night with our position a few y -« ar position to this building, we cam- " as-- -a "m regard to '-> Wm. T ths*aot but (thank God for his good- ness in .... x. "ank God, that we have not only saved ourselves from just reproach, but have provided a home for a minister of Christ as long as the building stands. Everything considered, I would be disposed to be liberal in expenditure upon the building, which is not only a manse but a monument. Church and manse are insured ; the church for £1500, and the manse for £1200. 3. Sabbath School: Upwards of £30 has been collected during the past three years for feasts given to the children and friends. The library recently received an addition of upwards of 200 substantially bound volumes. The English price of these, according to the catalogue of the Tract Society, is £320; but we obtained a grant, by which the price to us was only £10 ; expenses of carriage from London, £1 6s.; printing the catalogue of the library for the use of the children, £2 10s. total, £13 15s. For the payment of this amount, the following sums were available : Collection on the occasion of service by Mr, Paxton, £2 16s, 6d. ; collection in church, £6 11s. 6d. ; surplus, after payment for children's feast last year, £4 9s total, £13 6s. Dr. Morson supplies the children with twelve copies of the English Christian Herald per month. The teachers purchase reward tickets and occasional prize books. About £40 may be reckoned the expenditure upon the Sabbath school during the past three years. The thanks of the congregation are due to those who dedicate their Sabbath afternoons to the instruction of the young. The sabbath school is a sphere in which work can be done for Christ, At the same time we should not forget that parents are the principal teachers of their children in the knowledge of God. We are in special want of young men as teachers. 4\. The New American Organ Fund The total cost of the instrument amounts to £87 3s. The whole subscriptions, when paid, will amount to £76. The old instrument was sold for £12, Surplus will be applied towards the purchase of books for the choir. Dr. Morson obtained subscriptions for upwards of £44. Several Ianies obtained the remainder. On examining a London catalogue of Mason and Hamlin, the makers of the instrument, I find the cost to 125 guineas. On requesting an explanation I was informed that, owing to the exhibitions in Sydney and Melbourne, there is a glut of instruments in the market, which has compelled the makers to lower their prices considerably. The instrument was referred to by Moody and Sankey in their evangelistic tours, and has been proved capable of sustaining 2300 voices, It is not in accordance with our ideas of public worship to permit a choir to monopolise the psalmody. Neither is it in accordance with our profession for the congregation to remain mute. Our principle is, that the congregation sing that every- one clogs. Our psalmody is not yet sufficiently con- gregational ; but I trust that, with the new instrument, which is specially fitted to lead, and not to drown the voice, all will esteem it a duty and a privilege to join in the psalmody. Those who have received the gift of song should not reserve it for secular music only ; they should employ it in the service of the Church. Parents whose children show an aptitude for music should encourage them to cultivate the power of song, and dedicate that power to the church. Those among us who could be of advantage in a choir should neither be reluctant nor ashamed to tender their services, It has been suggested that the instrument should be played while the office-bearers go round for the morning collec- tion- to this I have no objection, I would not object to a few verses being sung during the time. The act of giving is in reality an act of worship. It is a recognition of duty to God, and an expression of gratitude for His goodness. The voice of praise would not be out of keeping with such an act. We have had numbers of counsellors and advisers as to the part of the church, where the organ should occupy. Before we make up our minds on this point, the testimony of the makers of the instrument should be deemed of some weight. In a small book of instructions sent with the instrument they say, "The organ is best placed in front of the audience, where they will face it and it is all the better if on a platform from 8 inches to 3 or 4 feet in height. A position in a high gallery or organ loft is unfavourable to any instrument." In the presence of such testimony, we should be careful what we do. The Messrs, Mason inherit a musical faculty ; their father, Dr. Lowell Mason, having been one of the great promoters of congregational psalmody in England. With us, the tentative process is the best, If the present position be found not so favourable in all respects, as another, we can make an experiment, and experience will be found the sure guides. The Aged and Infirm Ministers' Fund : In addition to collections in the church, members of the congregation have subscribed about £48 towards this fund. It is only proper that we, in this colony, like any other Presbyterian Church, should have a superannuation fund for aged and infirm ministers. A time comes when providence says that the labourer should rest from his labour; and if we have not the means by which to provide for the retirement of ministers whose work is evidently done, the congregation, and therefore the church, must suffer, The progress of this fund has been arrested owing to the efforts at present made for the establishment of the Sustentation Fund. But I hope that before long this fund will be placed on a satisfactory basis. We are under obligation to Messrs. Scobie and Sloan for their periodical visits to your homes for your contributions. They perform their work cheerfully, which is an evidence that you, by your conduct towards them, receive them kindly and encourage them in their work. They are not seeking their own ends and aims, but the good of the church. This you acknowledge by the kind reception which you give them. Labour is also bestowed upon the church in another direction by Messrs. Sloan and Fraser. When anything is wanted, or any repairs going on, Mr. Sloan is always ready with his labour and with his time, especially at Communion seasons. We are also under obligations to Mr. Thomas Cooper, who, as a trustee of the manse, has spent considerable time and thought on behalf of the congrega- tion and also to Mr. Baker, who acted as secretary. The total sums raised from all sources during three years Bre as follows: Ordinary income, £1268 10s ; manie, £81 ; Sabbath school, £40 ; organ, £76 ; Aged and Infirm Ministers' Fund, £45; total, £1510 10s. Two principles underlie all true giving for religious purposes. These are-duty and gratitude. Duty towards God and man, gratitude for the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom we have redemption 6\. The Proposed Sustentation Fund of the Presbyterian Church : This is a central fund for the whole church of the colony. Its object is to raise the stipend of every minister in the colony to £300 and a manse. This is the proposed minimum stipend. It would be well for us as a church if we could reach this point. We are quite able, if, as a church, we have the necessary life and energy. The institution of this fund does not require us to alter any existing arrangements,, nor concel any engagement between minister and people. It is altogether supplemental. It requires new and distinct organisation. Those who agree to contribute anything in addition to what they already contribute from themselves into an association called " The Sustentation Fund Association," and have a treasurer distinct from the congregational treasurer. All their contributions will be sent to the treasurer of the central fund in Sydney, along with any other contributions which the congregation may agree to send. As it will require fully twelve months' experience of the working of the fund to know what it actually is and is calculated to accomplish, I abstain from any explanation of its rules ; for, the actual working of the scheme will be found the true interpretation of the rules. The direct way in which to test the willingness of the congregation to enter into this movement will be to afford all an opportunity ] of contributing. Not until this is done can we ascertain whether we enter heartily into this _ movement, I have had for some time in my possession a large number of circulars' seat for distribution, and which requests those to whom they are sent to state the amount they are prepared to contribute. I have not sent off even one of these circulars. K it should be deemed advisable to distribute them, you will understand that it is the method which we adopt for the purpose of ascertaining the mind of the congrega. tion. Another method has been suggested ' -writes Sustentation Fund envelopes would ^>D$ --- and returned with contributions. "'the 5 tributed. immaterial, provided we action-' The method is According to the ordinary repitan the object, gation should be divi<'-''-netbod, the congre collectors appointed., idea into districts, and ought to contribute V' K you feel that you addition to what Towards this fund, it will be in Scobie and Sloan is" already contribute. Messrs. your ordinary will call upon you as usual, for tions to the "contributions ; while your contribu through of"' General Sustenation Fund will pass action brother channel, My reason for deferring meeting? in the Bets 'after the results of our special concert on behalf of the fund did not appear, on singing. I was not prepared to initiate a movement which did not promise success. More time and thought, more ventilation of the question appeared essential. According to statements which from time to time appear in the papers, other congregation are entering heartily into the scheme. The zeal of one provokes the zeal of another. It is only experience which can test the principle which underlies this zeal. We are accustomed in this colony to seasons of zeal which soon expires, and leaves the object sought for further off than ever I hope that this will not be the case with us ; but that, when we enter into the movement, we will do so with a firm determination to persevere. Better not begin than begin only to fail. So far as the fund itself is concerned, I know not any plan which can be more productive of good to our church in this land, nor can we find a surer pledge of our future prosperity than in its hearty and liberal support, As Presbyterians, we profess to believe that every congregation is the congregation of the church, that every minister is the minister of the church. We need the love of the church as a whole as well as the love of the congregation to which we belong. The chief part of my address to you at present has reference to the temporalities of the congregation. My chief concern is the spiritualistic And although our present circumstances call for special attention to the temporalities, yet, even in such circumstances, let us not forget the high and glorious end for which we as a church exist. The | building and maintenance of the spiritual temple the temple of the Holy Ghost a work which infinitely transcends every other. The temporalities are the mere scaffolding; essential, certainly, yet only scaffolding. The great end of our existence as a congregation is the building of the spiritual house of the Lord. Our first concern is, that we be sure that we ourselves form part of this building ; our next, that we do what we can for the salvation of others. A congregation is a light which God himself has produced ; a city set on a hill, which cannot be hid. We need prayer as well as contributions. We need the grace of God for our hearts and the hearts of others, as well as free-will offerings for the due and respectable maintenance of ordinances, Let your prayers go with your contributions, that they may be blessed j let your prayers for the gift of the Divine Spirit accompany your use of ordinances. And while you give what God in his Providence has given you, neglect not to receive from His hands that grace by which you shall live for ever and ever in his presence. He who walks as king and priest among the golden candlesticks will not forget the people who honour Him and walk in His ways. May His gracious presence be always with us. The remainder of the evening was spent in brief addresses by members of the congrega- tion on topics of interest, such as the psalmody and the proposed General Sustentation Fund. Difference of opinion was expressed on various points in connection with the psalmody, but the utmost good feeling and deference to each others views were manifested throughout. The proposed Sustentation Fund received marked attention. On this no difference of opinion was expressed all concurred in the advisability of cordially entering into the movement, which is calculated to be of so much advantage to the church at large. No resolutions were passed ; the constitution of the meeting being against such procedure. It was intimated that the movement in favour of the Sustentation Fund would be at once commenced. Dr. Morson, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Jacob, Mr. Pender, and Mr. Fraser, took part in the discussion of the questions under consideration. Neither Presbyterian ministers or ministers of other denominations were invited. Several hymns were sung during the evening. A very pleasant and profitable evening was spent. The meeting was closed with the Benediction. 