NOBODY'S DAUGHTER; The Rightful Heiress. CHAPTER XXXVII. A*.' UNrSA-TISFACTOBY INTERVIEW. Maude De Vere rose, and going to the table ?where the lamp -wee, turned it on so as to throw a good light. As 6he walked to her seat, Sydney Davenport had a goad, view of her face and figure. An exclamation broke from him ; and he started from his chair, gazing1 8trang-ely at her the while. She calmly turned and confronted him. ' What is the matter, Mr. Davenport f — do I frighten yon ?' ' Nothing, notliing — I bee your pardon ; but really for the moment yon brought up snch memories of the past to my mind, that I fancied i 6a, w a ghost.' * Ah !' ehe said, slowly, sadly, and in a sweet plaintive tone. 'You were thinking of poor SJaude Luton j you do not think of her of tener than I do myself, I am sure. She is constantly in my thoughts. He was 6till looking at-herin a puzzled, amazed sort of way. * Yes,' he said fal.teringly, * I was ; that is to Bay — the fact is. Miss Be Vere, as you walked across the room just now, I thought I saw Maude Luton before me.' * Wo bear a singular resemblance to each other,' she said, ' Do you remember the first time you ever saw me yon mistook me and called me Maude ?' He did remember quite well, as was. th,e case with every trilling event which related to the un Jiappy Maude Luton. 'Yes, yes/ he said with a sigh; ' I remember very well. Let us talk about her. How is the poor girl ? You do not know, cannot imagine how I feel for her.' ' Can you feel for her more deeply than I do ?* ?was the reply. ' Yes, I think I do, — more than anyone. Do you know, Miss De Vere, I — ' He suddenly in terrupted himself, and remained silent. ?What were you abeufc to Bay? — something about Maude Luton ?' 'Yea.' ' Then pray say it.1 ' No, net now ; some day perhaps I may tell you, not now— not now.' Presently he grew more composed, as he re covered from the powerful agitation which evi dently affected him ; and they talked quietly about the patient and her chance of recovery. ' ' 1 mean to go over and see her ; I must go over to see her,' he said' all at once, as if the words ?were pressed upon him by some irresistible im pulse. She was sitting near enough to him to lay her hand on his arm, as she Eaid earnestly. ' Not yet — not yet ; promise me not yet, for her own sake.' ' I feel an unconqaerab'e desire to go at once,' he 6aid. ? I know not whence it comes or what it is ; but there is'something witEin me ever nrginsr me to seek oat Maude Luton. jf I have a glimmer ing hope that I may be instrumental in saving her from the dreadful doom which threatens her, —a life of mental darkness !' After more conversation he rose and took his leave. All through the interview he had experi enced the strangest sensation. Maude Luton was constantly in his mind, and it was with difficulty he could direst himself of the idea that she was actually present. The result of the interview was so far satisfactory, m that he eatisfid himself the unfortunate Maude Luton was weii cared for, and had the first medical advice. But in every , other respuct it was quite the reverse. He did not like iiissVDe Vere's manner — so totally altered from what it used to be. Indeed he had difficulty in realising or thinking of her as the young-, light hearted, somewhat weak-minded erirl he re membered a year or 60 ago. However, this gradually wore off as he saw her more of ten. Not so, however, the singular feeling of doubt and theconstautly- recumng impression that Maude Luton was present whenever he talked of her. Sydney Davenport shortly came to reside at Burcot Alanor, and busied himself in improving the estate, and also in tSe affairs of the county, of which he was now * magistrate. As for Maude De Vere, her life passed on apparently smoothly and unruffled ; but to & close observer \t was ob vious that the girl trao suffering- acutely. There wa6 a strangeness abGnt her eyes ; at times they wore a frightened took, at others one of utter weariness and despair. When Sydney Daven port visited her she was wont to brighten up lor a brief space. She would hang on his words, watch his face ; and on her features there might have been read at such times a longing, yearning expression, as though she pined for sympathy and love'. One afternoon she reminded him of a- sen tence which he once left abruptly unfinished. It was concerning Maude Luton, and he had caid that perhaps ho would tell her all some day. On this occasion he -was in a mood to keep his pro miss. * I do not eee any reason why I should not tell you, Miss jje Vere,' he said, ' I am not ashamed to own that I loved Maude Luton deeply, passion ately, with a love whose strength I never knew until this misfortune befel her, and she was loss to me for ever.' His voice faltered as he spoke, and his listener rsrell knew with what deep sincerity he spoke. She herself trembled with emotion, and knew not wEat to Bay. At length she asked, ' could you never love again, Mr. Davenport ?' 'Never, never. I wish now that I had spoken to Maude Luton before she went abroad, and told her my feelings. I might have done so ; but some trifling misunderstanding or quarrel prevented jne, and I let her go and made no sign.' ' Would to Heaven you nad !' exclaimed Miss De Vere, passionately. * What misery, what wretchedness, that crime even would you not have prevented ! You could have saved her, Sdyney Davenport, and you neglected to do so. It is your fault that she is -now lost.' ' My fault, 'he cried aghast at her words and excited manner. ' threat Heaven ! do not say bo, .Hiss De Vere. I would lay down my life to save her at this moment.' ' Would you forgive her if she had done wfong ?' asked the young lady, dropping her voicetoalow, Bolemn pitch ; ' would you. take her to your heart if she had been led away by ambitious and cevet ous views to sin against God; and against one who never injured her f I ask you, could you for give her and take her to your heart?' 'I could, and would, so help me Heaven!' he. answered impetuonalj. ' I know she has great 'faults, that strong passions and evil thoughts dis pute sway in her breast with goodness and Amia bility. Her nature is one that requires guiding with a strong, firm hand. But what avails it talk ing ? All is over how.' While he was speaking, Maude De Vere was torn by a conflict of emotions. At one moment she made a step forward with clasped hands, and it seemeft ae though she would throw herself at his feet. But she hesitated, drew back panting and trembling, and waited for him to go on. . ' I will bid you adieu now,' he said. ' I am ashamed of this weakness ; but I could not help it.' When alone site threw herself on a couch. * Oh, why did he not say this before ?' Now it , ie top late; too late. I cannot, dare not tell him,!' ? \ Shortly after this Maude Luton had another visitor. This was no other than old Solomon Esher. She by no means treated, him in the bold defiant manner she did Edward Melhuish. In the old doctor she knew she had a wily antagonist, and in her heart feared him. They had a long interview, the subject on which they talked being \- known only to themselves. When it was ended, Solomon went away chuckling, and .Maude De Vere retired to her room, very pale, and looking ?*? harrassed and gloomy. Obviously the interview had not been of a pleasant nature. CHAPTER XXXVIII. THB aiABBIAOB-BBGHTEB TODND. Sydney Davenport rode swiftly up the avenue to Holford Hall in this* autumn craning. His brow was gloomy, hiB lips compressed, face pale, find his eyes gleamed in a way which indicated a piffled mind. Telling the footman that he wished fct, sea Mis* De. VeraJBit^^, J^tentewd thej drawing-room. Sssxcely had he passed withia when he heard th&owund; of a piano and a woman's voice singing. I& stopped, and as he listened, what little colour he had faded from his face, and he grew pale as death, even to the lips. His whole frame trembled, and he grasped a chair for sup ports. 'That voice! that voice! It is herself or her spirit,' he murmured. 'It cannot be Maude De Vere, she does not sing. It is Maude iftton.' Then, scarce, knowing what he did, he went out on the verandah, find approached the open window whence the sound proceeded. Looking in, he saw Miss De Vere seated at the piano, — the same Miss De Vere he had known for months past. Yes. the same actually; but the voice was the voice of Maude Luton ; and as he listened, Miss De Vere faded away from hismind, and it w&s;'Maude Luton he saw. She paused suddenly. 'Maude ! Maude Luton !' he said. Then there was a slight scream, and they stood confronting one another. His eyes were bent aearchingly on her face/ and by degrees there came an expression of certain, unmistakable re cognition. ' Maude Luton/ he said again ; and that was all. Her eyes fell before his. She trembled violently; and hesitating one brief. moment, threw herself at his feet. 'Mercy! mercy !' she said; 'Sydney Daven port, you have discovered me; you have con quered. ' Remember your words ; you said you would pardon her, and take her, though erring, to your heart. She now kneels at your feet. Maude Luton kneels and prays for mer«y, and pity* for the sake of the love you eaid you*hore her/ Her sobs almost made her speech unintelli gible; her hair becoming disordered, fell in luxuriant profusion over her face and swept his feet. He gently raised her. ?Maude! Maude Luton!' he said; 'what comedy, what drama, or hideous dream is this ?' * No comedy, no dream ; but truth/ she sai6. ' You called me by my name. I saw you knew all. Ah I have pity and 6ave me. Save me from myself.' ' Compose yourself/ he said gravely. * Be seated and tell me all.* She obeyed and, and in faltering accents, interrupted often by tears, she told him Jill — made him a long, and^true confes sion. ?You say she is indeed mad?' asked Daven port. 'Yes, yes; there, is no doubt of that. It was this knowledge which first tempted me. Then everything turned out with such fatal precision exactly as I wished. It seemed as though Satan purposely threw the proper weapons in my way. I knew it was very, very wicked; but then, I argued, it could do her no harm, and the estates were law fully mine. The extraordinary likeness between us made things easy. I did not fear my Cousin David recognising me ; but I did fear lest you should. Now tell me what to do. This very mo ment I will, summon the household and proclaim myself an imposter.* ' No, no ; it is not needful, at present. You have sinned, Maude, deeply ; but not beyond forgive ness. Pray to the Almighty for pardon; and may He grant it. * Then you do not hate me, do not scorn me, de spise me for my wickedness ?' ' No, Maude ; I pity you, and will endeavour to extricate you from your present false position.* She shuddered and said. ' Ah I it will be dread ful to confess myself -an imposter, to be compelled to proclaim myself a, wieked eehemer. Oh, that I could die V ♦ Maude, there is ye* hope. I repeat you have done no injury, though you are»gnilty of the in tent. ' What do you mean V 'This. I the other day discovered the clue which I have eo long vainly sought. 1 feel cer tain from what I have found out that you are in deed the daughter of Stanton De Vere, born in lawful wedlock.. Such being the case, you are rightfully called Maude De Vere, and the right ful heiress of these estates.' ' But the proof ? the proof thereof ?' ' To-night I start for Scotland, the whither a trusty agent has preceded me. I heard from him this morning, and his information convinces me that it is as I say. You were mistaken in the place. You thought it was Kilmarnock, in Ayrshire, -where the proofs - of the marriage shculd be Bought. Accidentally I heard that there ia another place with a name exactly similar, all but one letter — Kilmaronoek.. My agent has already discovered, proof of the marriage nearly twenty years ago. It is only necessary that I should go and reduce everything to legal f»rm. Far -that purpose I take a sharp lawyer -with me. Farewell now. I shall return in a week, meanwhile let things go on as they are. You have Binned; but it will do no good making & public scandal. Adieu- . my poo* Jiaude !' She clung to him weeping and sobbing, and could scarce prevail upon herself to let him go. ' Oh, Sydney 1 I love you bo. I will be your slave J' He kissed her forehead, and left her to thought and mingled emotions, of pleasure and bitter pain. [%* The story ' Nobody's Daughter ' will be concluded on Saturday, when a new tale will be commenced, entitled ' The Forger's Fate.' ' The Forger's Fate ' is a powerfully written romance,, and will be found highly interesting.] 