THE COERUPTION OF WORSHIP. . There has ever been since the Fall of Man a tendency to substitute the human for. the Divine in the worship of Q-od. The histories both of Judaism and of Christianity afford numerous illustrations . of this, and record the contests between .the self-willed efforts of men and the su preme will of the Almighty. The corrup tion of worship began at the gate of Para dise Lost, when Cain offered his unbloody sacrifice, instead of the Lamb slain for atonement. ,It soon developed into idol- 'atry, and, after the Captivity into Ritual ism, until, tlie traditions of . the elders made . void ; the Commandments . of .God. Neglecting, the weightier matters 'of the law, the Jews insisted' on the rubric of the Scribes' ; . ahd-forgetting the spirit in which acceptable worship should be offered to the Father of spirits, they overestimated the forms and made the means of grace sup plant their end!' "In vain. do they wor ship Me, teaching for Doctrines the Com mandments of men," is the oracular esti mate of such humanly devised service. The; Christian Church has .had a worse perversion. Departing from' the simpli city .of Apostolic practice and of scriptural prescriptions , the traditions of . Fathers hecame Rubrics for Divine service ; anjd the innoyations. of ah age' of compromise became the 'standard in an age of decline and fall. Yielding to corrupt tastes, the Church mingled with the world,' sanc tioned a showy, and sensational ritual, and obscured the Divine by the human. Hence the origin of sacramental religion, sensuous worship, and dogmatic error. These elements had their origin in human nature, aud had been expressed in pagan rites. When therefore they were com bined with professing Christianity, they produced , an amalgam— pleasing to tlie world but' disastrous to the' spiritual life and purity of tlie Church.' Tho worldly- wise and tlio formal like the spectacular, and make up' for. the reality of spiritual life by the splendour of the ritual display in their worship of the Most High. ' Tlin first; firncfiut of the Denalomio nre- — "w w f I' . O .. ' I ,7 scribed the object of worship.— " Thou shalt have no other God before me." The second, which lias been so persis tently omitted by the . Church of Rome, prescribed t\\\Q.'mocle of worship. It is done negatively forbidding the worship of God by images, and. implying the pro priety of a service cohgenial'to the nature of the. invisible God, who is a Spirit, and who' has expressly forbidden any. simili tude. of Him. How soon was this second command ment perverted by the Christian Church in the age of Corruption ! East and West /—Greek and Latin Christianity was in volved in' the sin of image worship. In the fourth,' fifth and sixth and seventh centuries of our era, the leaven was working until in the second General Coun cil at Nicea held A.D. 737, three hundred 'and fifty bishops decreed the lawfulness of using images in, the worship of God. It. is gratifying that a faithful band had opposed this tendency for centuries, and. that at the very last there was courage still left in the Church to denounce the 'corruption. The Synod of Elvira in Spain in: A;.D. (305 forbad, the use and adoration of images 'and pictures in . Divine service. The Emperor Leo, tlie Isaiirian in 730, comparing ; himself to/ Hezekiah, /endeo- youWdto'cast ' out /'images; from the Churches, and tb /purify /worship' after a 'more primitive/ ideal. ' Cbn's'taLhtine 'Oop- ronypius,;'LBb's' 1 son, (hsseinbled/ a council at' Constantinople' ;in '/75i,' ' when'1 tliree ' huiidfed and,; eighty-eight/ bishops con- : .d'einned' image/ worship as an. 'unlawful innpyation/ ' Leo II. insisted on 'the qbser- va/nce of the decrees of this council ; ' but his . Queen' Irehe /'secretly , faVbured-'.'the image 'worship,/ and h.er Ivhshand to Iseize/tlie/ pbwer, and /got; the '-second council of /Nicea/ /to /ordairi ' the obnoxious brdihabce,' Many /iii' the West protested against' /'the"/ /decree,/ and' ,u t lie /Emperor Chariemagne p uhlislied -the' IZbri Carolirii as a remonstrance against the unscript ural and idolatrous forms imposed upon the Christian Church. A Synod convoked at Frankfortin 794, by hisauthority, solemnly condemned the corruptions in the Nicean mode of worship, and forbad faithful Christians using and worshipping images in Churches. The Church of Rome, however, succumbed to the new forms, and went much farther in gross idolatry than the Eastern Church had ventured. Images of God the Father, of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, of Angels and of Saints were gradually introduced into Churches to be adored by the faithful. It was in geniously said that the worship was not offered to the image, but to the Divine being, the angels and saints whom the statues represented. So said Micah in the days of the Judges, and Jeroboam in the days of the Kings, but God calls it idolatry.; Heathens in India and else where have used the same apology ; but . the masses of the people think and act otherwise. The corruption of worship became more rank in the Romish than it had become in the Hebrew Church. The Jews were cured of all tendency to idola try in Babylon, and never introduced idols into worship after the Captivity. The followers of Mahomet were scandalised at the idolatry of the Christian Church in the Seventh Century, and he never intro duced idols into their worship. What a caricature of the religious worship pre sented in the Old and New ( Testament has been presented by the Romish Church during so many ages before the Heathens and the Moslems ! \- But that is not all. : It demoralizes/the soul as it relaxes the sense of responsi bility to the revealed law of God. It obscures the way of salvation, and it per verts, the moral sentiment. It presents refnges of lies to the trembling sinner, and makes him depend upon human rites, priestly offices, and mediators whom God in His word has nob sanctioned. It dar kens the mind, deadens the conscience and degrades the whole being. But wherever the Word of God is read, and believed an intelligent people have once purged .their / Churches of all idols ... ami unscriptural forms, or .if that could . not , be . done, they have .protested, and have come .out of a Church that sanctions; such abominations. Ifc must ever be so. " Oomo out of her, . my people," is the, call of God. , , 