TASMANIA. \\.BY ELEOTRIO TELEGRAPH.] (tfBOM OTJE OWN COKBESPONDENTS.) , Hobaut, Jan. 28. The sum of £40 hag been paid into the hands of the Secretary of the Tasmanian Jockey Club by the executors of the late T. B. Clarke, Esq., of Quorn Hall, being the amount of forfeits due upon horses nominated by tho executors in Mr Kear ney's name for tho Sires' Produce Stakes at tho last Elwick Summer Meeting, won by Mr C. M. Lloyd's Marchioness. Tho money will be paid to Mr,Lloyd' on , his arrival in the colony. , ''*-,. I The examinations under the Barristers and Attorneys Act in law concluded to day ; both candidates successfully passed. They were— Mr Morton John Cecil Allport, from the office of. Messrs Allport and Roberts, and Mr Walter Croft, from the office of Mr Josiah Powell, Laun ceston. A private telegram received here states that, the Intercolonial Conference at Sydney closed yesterday, and that Mr Giblin and Mr Moore left for Mel bourne last night. The former will come on to Tasmania by the first steamer. The arbitrators in the matter of the tolls payable by tho Main Line Railway Company for running powers over the L. and W. Railway, commenced their sittings to-day at the Supreme Court House, Macquarie-street. Tho weather is fine. Hobaut, Jan. 30. At the Police Court yesterday, the charge against a man named Oleary for disturbing tho peace, , which had boen adjourned from tho previous day, was further investigated. On Friday Constable, Peterson deposed that betweon one and two o'clock that morning, while on duty, in Argyle-streot, he saw Cleary knocking at the door of the City of Norwich public house c for about five minutes. When told to desist ho refused to go away till he had another half-gallon of beer. The constable therefore arrested him. Cleary^ however,1' told a different tale. He did' not^deny knocking at the door, but said the constable',1 instead ' of arresting him,^ struck | him over the_ head three or four times with a stick, and ho pro iluced a ' blood-stained ,rag which he said ;was given ( him by two girls living at the baclc of the public-house, to stop 'the bleeding from \v& headi' ' He stated that ho went, to ' the police station, to complain of tho treatment, and on his arrival at theJ door the constable pounced' on him and said he would charge him with disturbing the peace. The case was adjourned till tho' next day, to enable' Superintendent Pedder''to enquire into the matter. After the additional evidence adduced, yesterday, the Police Magistrate, 3aid tlie charge1' of.' disturbing tho peace had not been sustained^ and he ' would iismiss the case. 'He' 'declined to 'give my ' opinion as to ,th'e conduct of Con-' stable Peterson, as he^aid it was probable that would form the ' subject of future investigation. During tho hearing of the sase it was elicited that a number of brothels still oxisted in -the vicinity of tho .City of Norwich public-house, Although the owner had promised at last licensing meeting ,that they, should be, abolished, and only got his license on that condition. , ,.J , ) , ?, Mr Tarleton, P.M., in his capacity as MaBter of tho Marine Board, has com-,' mented strongly on the conduct of Captain' Bailey, the owner - of the whaling bark Runnymede, which has been laid up for two years, in fitting, her out for another voyage under Captain Travors without a proper overhauling. His Excellency, Sir J. H. Lefroy, officially visited the French man-of-war Finistere yesterday. At the Theatre Royal last night, Mr W. H. Leake, who was appearing, as ' Hamlot,' made some remarks in re ference to the letters which have been in the Mercury on 'The Church and Stage.' He declared that the writers who under took to treat of the ' demoralising effects of the stage,' knew nothing whatever about their subject. Ho denied that actors and actresses were despised by the community. The weather is unsettled. Yesterday was very sultry, but steady rain fell 'for a couple of hours in the evening. To day has been showery, and this evening is cold and slight showers of rain are fall ing. Hobart, Jan. 31. A youth named Grainger, employed at the Mercury office, had a narrow escape from drowning yesterday. He was bath ing at the Sandy Bay Baths, when1 he was attacked with cramp and sunk three times. He was rescued by two sons of Canon Smith. ' ' The Customs returns for the month of January show the receipts to be — Hobart, £8755 5s Id ; Launceston', £10,213 7s ; total,£18,9G8 12s Id. The receipts for tho same month last ' year amounted to £20,429 13s 5d, so that this year a falling 'off is shown of £1461 Is 4d. ' The weather has been ' boisterous and warm. Rain is threatening. ,The arbitrators on the question of toll to 'be paid by the Main Line Railway Co. for running powers over the Launceston and Western line from Eyandale Junc tion, are still at work. ! The following census enumerators have been gazetted for the district named : — Glenorchy, W. Murray ; - Kingborough, H. J. Daldy ; Franklin,' E. 'A. Walpole ; New Norfolk, W. Cahiir;'' Cumberland, J. King ; ' Oatlands,' F. Bowden ; Rich mond, W. Simmons ; Clarence', H. Lamb; Sorell, W. Peacock ; Glamorgan, ' ' J. Lyne ; Brighton, W. vGunn ; Launceston (North, Central, ' and South), Adye Douglas ; Westbury, J. P. Jones ; Delo raino,-' ? John Hart;' East i Devon, H. Douglas; West Devon, A. B. Willis; Wellington, J.|Anderson ; Norfolk Plains, W. H. Dodory-; Morven, H. Collins ; Campbell Town, Gl 'Fletcher ;' .Fing'al, S.. H. Gruebar ; George Town ; T. H. Simp-o son j iRingwood, T. JR, Arthur. ' : | , Dr. Douglas E. Stewart has been en rolled on the list of medical practitioners of Tasmania. ' ' , Mr Charles W.'Lord has been appointed a mining surveyor. 'At the meeting of the City Council to day, Alderman Seabrook gave notice that ho would move 'at next meoting for a return of' the cost of asphalting the paths in the city. A long discussion took place on the order of the day, the further con sideration of report on petition for altera tion in the angles of certain streets at Battery Point, the adoption of which 'was proposed by Alderman Maher, and seconded by Alderman Seabrook at tho last meeting. Eventually tho report was referred back to the' Committee, with: instructions to negotiate for purchase of tho land required. At the lecture given by Sir Archibald Michie,Q. C. , in the Town Hall to-night on 'Ghosts and apparitiona,' there was a crowded attendance. His Excellency Sir J. H. Lofroy presided. ' The s.s. Tasman arrived to-day from Sydney. Passengers — Cabin : Mesdames Fitzsimons, Harries, Mr 'an'd Mrs Fleming, Major Christie,' Misses Fleming, Carr, Stephen, White (4), 'Mrs Hilderne and child, Masters Jaraieson (2), Holman, 'Jannorott, Messrs Feehy, Lewis, Fisher' ; and six in the steerage. ' l ' ' * ' Hobart, Feb. 1. v Mr Peter Oldham, master of the schooner Esks bound from Hobart to Launceston, has met with, a severe acci dent, having been, struck by the boom ,and thrown against some spars, several of his ribs being broken. The schooner put back to Spring Bay. Another master has boen appointed, and loft town to-day to take charge of tho vessel. j , , His Excellency, Sir J. H. Lefroy has very generously made an ,unsolicitedi donation of £J.O to the Regatta funds. , i . , The \yeather is still unsettled. , At,the , meeting of the Ragged School Committee , held ,this afternoon at the Bible Depot, a discussion took place as, tor ,the desirableness of establishing a . ' Penny, Bank ' in connection with the schopl. It was resolved that, the, Chairman of the Local School (Boards be requested' to take action, in the matter. ; ; , -,i ? , i t , Hobart, Feb. - 2. j ? The annual general meeting of i share-1 holders in the'Hobart Gas Company was heldatthe Company's i office, 'Macquario-, street, ' this afternoon. Eighteen -were present, Mr George Crisp in the chair. The' report I, submitted by the directors stated that the quantity of gas consumed during the last half-year was 9,238,300 cubic feet,1 an increase t of 591,000' feet on the quantity ? consumed during the cor responding , six months of - 1879.' The Company's profit, for the 'last half-year amounted to £2961 12s 2d, from which it was proposed to * pay a dividend at the rate of 7 per cent, per annum. The Chairman .said the increased consumption was not entirely due to the reduction of the price of gas to 10s per thousand feet, but was principally owing to the extension of the Company's pipes. It was i contem plated by the Company to introduce the system of letting out gas stoves on hire, as was done in the other colonies. The roport was adopted. Messrs Maxwell and Murdoch, the two directors who retired by effluxion of time, were re-elected. A sudden death under very painful cir cumstances occurred yesterday morning. Mr F. W. Mitchell (son of Mr FraroLs Mitchell, J.P., of Vaucluse) a- visitor to Hobart, who has been staying with hi3 wife at Pressland House, Melville-street, had been ailing for some months and had been attended by Drs. Giblin and Bright. On Monday night, he. was in the ? dress circle of the Theatre in company with his wife, and was suddenly seized with a faint ing fit, to which he .was Bubject. His wife had a bottle of liquid ammonia in her pocket and she held it to his nose, but the nervousness induced by her fright caused her hand to, tremble, and some of the liquid was spilled into his mouth and swallowed by him. Ho was immediately conveyed in a cab to his residence, and after , a very painful night he died on Tuesday morning. An inquest was held to-day at the Ocean Child Inn, Argyle-street, before the Coroner, W. iTarleton, Esq. Dr. Giblin, who had made the post mortem examination, deposed that from the appearance of the body, which was burnt and swollen internally, especially about the, noBtrils and the throat, he was of opinion that the cause of death was collapse, resulting from, the ad ministration of a small quantity ' of liquid ammonia. About thirty drops j would be sufficient to cause the injuries Jio detected. Liquid ammonia was more adapted for cleaning purposes than as a restorative. Even the fumes would produce pungent and irritant effects. The CoToner, in ad dressing the jury, alluded to the extreme sadness of the, case. The wife, in her solicitude -to bring about the recovery of her husband.. from the fainting fit into which he had fallen, had in her excitb ment become the innocent cause of his death. This was one of those painful accidents in which it was impossible to iattribute blame to anyone, and in which we must recognise, the hand of a. Higher Power. In accordance, with the..recomr imendation of , the ? Qoroner, the jury re turned a,verdict(of .accidental death. ,The Rev. Thomas Spurgeon preached'a farewell sermon in .'tho .Chalmers . Free^ Church, Bathurst-streor, his subject being 'Following Christ.' Tho rev. gentleman leaves to-morrow per the' Rotomahana. :for New Zealand. ' Tho weather has been showery all day,, and steady rain is now falling. ? ' Hobart Town, Feb. 3. The ketch Starling, which arrived to day, brought 620 bags of tin 'ore from* George's Bay. The present quotation ti or ,tin ore is los 6d per unit. ' u At tho sale of wool by MeHsrs Roberts, and Co., at Webster's stores to-day, 181 lots wero offered but there was not much, business done, the reserves being , too high. Loose washed wool realised Is to Is 3d ; greasy, 6^d to 8d. At tHe sale held by the same auctioneers at Wright's stores, ten lots were sold out of the twelve submitted. Loose greasy brought. 7d to 8|d ; washed, lid to Is l^d. {jjIJThe Union Co.'s s.s. Rotomahana. arrived from Melbourne to-day. Pas sengers : Cabin — Mr and Mrs Kaye, Mr and Mrs Gibbs, Mrs Hamilton and,1 family, Mrs M. Gair, family, and servants. (2) ; Mesdames Wrigglesworth, Korr,, Maddock ; Misses Roberts, Wriggles worth, Belbin, Moore ; Messrs Briscoe, Moore, Bridge, and two in the steerage. The following passengers left in the steamer for Now Zealand : — Mrs Wake field ; Messrs Madden, O. F. H. Perry,. J . Davis, Knill, Boswoll, Preston, Proc tor, SimpBon, Elkington, Hedderly, T. Spurgeon, O. Dobson, and G. Lain— ville. '- * The T. S. N. Co.'s s.s. Southern Crossi arrived 'to-day from Melbourne. Pas sengers : Cabin — Mr and Mrs Hewitt;. ^Mesdames Bagot and child, E. Turner ; 'Messrs Lynch, Bagot, Turner, Bailey, M'Ewan, Watts, Gnves, Emery. Brown, Oaulfield ; Misses Robertson, Stowe ' (2)}, 'Brown, Masters Walford, Buscomb'e, 'Gowlaird ; and six in tho steerage^ Tho 'steamer brought over 280 sheep. H.M. schooner Renard,' 1 gun, 21 tons,. Lieutenant and Commander George E. Richards, arrived',here to-day. She 'haai been 'at Sydney since the 7,th January, when sho arrived thoro from' the SoUfchi Sea Islands. ? { ' ' - \ -. The Summer Exhibition in connection^ with the Hobart Amateurs', Gardeners' and Cottagers' Horticultural Society was. opened at 3 p.m. to-day by his Excellency the ' Administrator of the G6vernment,. Sir J.\EL Lefroy. His Excellency made ani appropriate speech on the objectso'f the Society,- and ' expressed a hope 'that the' exhibition would be a success. The show was a very good one, considering the recent drought, which' has greatly re tarded the growth of plants. One grati fying feature ' which was favourably com mented on by tho judges) 'was the .evi dence that the cottagers had made an improvement in the plan adopted for getting up plants for exhibition, and vthe manner of growing them. The atten dance' during the day was good. ''Tho band of H.M.S. Wolverene played during the afternoon, and the Rifle Band in the- evening. The Rotomahana brought over from* Melbourne the yacht Zephyr, 23 tons, owned by Mr R. Honey, a member of the South Australian Yacht Club. The Zephyr competed in the recent Inter colonial Yacht Race at Melbourne, which was won by Mr W. J. Clarke's Janet, and, she intends competing in the yacht race at the Annual Regatta here on Tuesday next. ' ', The weather was showery'this morning, and is still unsettled. , 'Tho T.S.N. Co. havo made arrange ments with the manager of the Main Line Railway for the mail train which leaves Hobart at 7 o'clock on Tuesday evening, to run right through to Laun ceston, so as to enable the passengers to catch the Flinders, which leaves at 6 a.m. next morning. ' ' Leven, Feb. 3. Mr J. Simpson, storekeeper here, was. robbed of £37 yesterday. The | polica have a slight clue as to the thief. ' . , Mount Bisoiiopf, Feb. 2. News received here from the West Coast states that a new tin lode has been discovered at Mount Heemskirk. Th cutter Trial, from Launceston, is lying under the Conical , Rocks, and the ketch Ruby, from tho Mersey, under /the , Whale's Head. The huts at the Mon tagu Company's claim are completed. , The mailman , speaks well of the work done on the track between the Mount and tho Pieman by Mr Hall and his party. , , - , The weather here continues slightly rainy: ? ? ? * The People's Park. — The -collection of birds at the People's Park continues to attract considerable notice. Two birds which were recently in ''the s.amo cage with .thej .eagle, viz., the sparrowhawk and the crow, have had recently to -bo removed for safety, in consequence of the eagle having attacked them, and tho king of birds has now the cage to himself. Several additional exhibits are, to 'hand, and will be placed on view as soon as tho arrangements are perfected. ' A crane which had been placed in the yard for tho time i being . has fallen, a victim to Jan act of barbarity on the part of , some . one, which it is hoped will not go unpunished. Onepf.lm legs, was cut off,' death being tho ultimate result. ,' i- ? 