HOBART NOTES (From a Correspondent.) The big house in Murray-Btraet with its gaol-like entrance ia closed. The benches are covered over, and the Parliamentary timepieces chime out the half hours with out having anyone in the Press gallery to rejoice at the sound. When the curtain rises again it will usher in new actors, indeed we know that one of the chief parts in the. play will be undertaken . by a fresh hand. Some] people who had noth ing to do but drop in for an hour or so to listen to the drolleries of East Devon, the sarcasm of Fingal, ? the chant of Entally, and- the amusing utterances of Central Hobart, are sorry that it has all come to an end, but most people are ex tremely glad that an unsatisfactory session has been concluded. ' Of course rumours aro plentiful as to who the candidates at the general election will be, and it is stated that Mr Lewis does not intend to contest Central Hobart again, nor Mr Riddoob New Norfolk, and of course Mr Gunn will not be in the field for Sorell. ' The Town Hall was crammed to. over flowing last evening upon the occasion of the farewell concert to our popular Acting Governor. I am told that there were more tickets sold for this concert than for any previous one in the Town Hall. The Bishop and Dean have fairly settled down to their work, and his Lord ship, I am told, shortly intends to make a tour through his diocese. The welcome accorded to the Dean upon his arrival was moat enthusiastic. ' Xoung' men and maidens, old men and children,' of all classes of society thronged the station to see him for a moment, and- some of the' boys ran beside his carriage as he drove up . Liverpool-street to keep his . well known face in view. Why were the Trinity- bells . silent upon this occasion 1 Upon any other night, or at any rate very often, they would be ringing out their merry chimes, but upon this night of all others silence reigned suprome.. Another gentleman has received a warm welcome on hia return home. I allude' to Mr W. A. Gueadon. He ia very popular, arid we are all glad, to' have him back again, and proud to think that he has won a Melbourne Cup with Darrt well and a Victorian Derby with' Darebin, in each instance in the fastest time on re cord. But didn't his friends carry things just a little too far ? I could understand the: Silver Band, which is composed prin cipally of his own intimate friends, going' out to serenade their comrade, but the attendance of the Artillery Band at the station to play ' See the conquering hero' comes' waB just one of those injudicious actions which are ? likely to ; bring the Volunteer movement into ridicule. Talking of Darebin and his owner re minds me of the heterogeneous crowd that collected at the Telegraph Office on Cup day to learn the result of the race. There were closed carriages, dog carts, horsemen, and many more on foot. If Zulu's victory was a popular one in Mel bourne, it certainly was hot here, and no tumultuous cheers greeted the announce ment. One well-known vendor of fruit, who in addition to a taste for animals with longer ears than horses, takes some interest in raoes, and always lays out a pound or two on the big event,. amused me very much. He had evidently read the tips, and their introductory remarks, in which only the favourites were named, and when he was told the name of the winner remarked, 'Zooler, Zooler, never heard such a horse was in the race,' concluding with a doxology which will not bear repetition. There is another mystery in connection with the Hobart Hospital, and the Board are going in for private meetings..1 Board management does not seem to be a success down here, though the institution now provides every comfort for its inmates. I have always thought that our hospital sys tem needed alteration, and recent events have .', confirmed my opinion.- There is too much reliance upon the Government, far too little check upon imposition, and a great need for special wards and more tempting food for paying patients. Upon thiB subject I shall write you again more fully.. , . ' ? . ' I am told that Mr Alexander Biddoch has disposed of his beautiful property at New Norfolk, on which stands the old Government cottage. That was'nta bad attempt to dispose of the oil painting of Hobart that was made the other day. when a writer to. the local journal suggested that it should be pur chased for presentation to Sir J. H. Lefroy. Of course the writer was a' dis interested party ! The . picture was a horrid daub, and t should be glad 'jto see it purchased — for destruction. ??''?. Considerable anxiety still exists as to the cause of the recent fires, and to. many they recall the heartless 'Ghost mystery' of last year, Hobart, Nov. 15fch. CiAnre against the estate of tho late Mr Jamns SI'Leod are to be sent in at once to ftfr John Ferguson. 