THE THEATER: ' Hamlet.' Tub somewhnt limited number of Shakes porians who rioted tho thoatro on Friday night met with an undoubted surprint), for they saw a , splendid performance. Nothing that Mr. Dew- j burst has hitherto dono iu Briabuno led us to expeot suoh a display of histrionio power and ) skill. Even his physique b friended him, for j wo are not to forget that Bomlet is by no means i a lean man : ' He's fut, and ncunt of broath,' Bays his mother in the liiat, ucouo. From his very first uttornnroto hid 'final and scarcely articulated word ' silenco,' ho commands the comp'.eto attention of his hearers. Uis origin ality oonsists iu his abstention from aiming at usigiuaiiby ; iu uLuer woraa, oh snuns cno rocK on which 80 many split, n»iuely, tho making of points, in this wondrous creation of - our unequalled poet. His pnrsonntiou of Samlet is not a thing of shreds and jmtohes, it is a finished and coherent wholo, not only symmetrical but of attractive and even winning symmetry. His holding up before him tho cruciform hilt of hia aword, when following the ghobt— dimly dreading, as he afterwards tells us, that it may, after all, be an evil spirit sent to abase and damn him — ia a fino conception, and, as far aa we can speak from memory, a novel ono, and therefore technically a point, but not at all above the levol of hia grand personation in its entirety, which wo hope to Imvo the pleasure of again witnessing. Tho mombora of the company very woll seconded his efforts. Mr. Palmer, as Polonius, was an unqualified BuoceBB. The Lord Chamberlain is generally represented as an old fool, whereas his upeeoh to his bou is tho speech of a good and wino gen tleman. Tho king calls him faithful and hon ourable, and his loas is clearly reg«rded as the loss of a trusted and valued statesman and counsellor. Mr. Palmer's indignant look at Samlet, and his dignified withdrawal from hia side when ho called him a calf, was therefore proof of his thorough conception of tho old courtier's oharacter. His concurring with Samlet's ohanges of thought respecting tho shape of the cloud is precisely what we should all do when convers ing with one whom we believe to be a mud man. Mr. Raynor, as the Ghost, acted in a solemn and impressivo manner ; hia de livery and his make-up wore all that could be wished. Mr. Poolo exhibited not only talent but groat self-restraint and judgment as the First Gravedigger, who is oommonly prone to indulge in extravagant comicalities. Of course there must be farce actors, and Mr. Poole is one — and a clever ono ; but, on this occaBion,he assumed nothing of the farce. Ho, was juBt a quaint and humorous oddity, not devoid of feeling, for ho avoided tapping with his spade the skull of Yorrick, and he took baok the Bkull out of Samlet's hand, evidently lest it should be flung upon the ground. We were at first apprehensive that Opheli* would be too strong a part for MiBa Brandon, as she is apparently very diffi dent of her own powera, but she succeeded in giving satisfaction, because of her perfect freedom from affectation, and through her simplicity of manner which forma tno Very basis of Ophelia's nature, notwithstanding that ehe wrb brought up amid the artifioialitiea of a royal court. Mrs. Palmer was eminently suo cessful as Queen. This lady is a great accession to the company — a moBt natural artiste, and sure to become a fitvourito. She looked the character and wbb every inch a Queen. The chamber eoene with Samlet waa about tbo beBt that ever Brisbaue witnessed, taking the two performers together. Mr. Inglis waa a good Laertes; Mr. Hesford played the King as he plays everything, painstakingly and con scientiously. Mr. Medua, as Soratio, was very fair. All went smoothly with tho other characters, and on tho whole we can say, without any scruple of conscience, that the play of 'Hamlet' was nerer ,put before a Brisbane audience in a more imposing1 shape than on Friday evening. MACnrair. The Macttih of Saturday night was another success lor, Mr. Dewhurst. Although some of his characters have seemed to us not so striking as others, yet any experienced person must perceive that he is a profound student of Shukcspeare, that in effect he has studied every word of the great poet. His dagger soliloquy was a masterpiece of elocution — every whit aa good as his Hamlet's ' To be or not to be,' and that says much. Wo missed, however, some UBual displav of agitation during the time of Macduffs being in the murder character. Mr. Dewhurst showed but little disturbance of mind, if any, and yet we know how sensitive was Macbeth. But it was on the whole a great performance. Zady Macbeth is, as yet, too heavy for MisB Wilton, but we would strongly advise this young lady to persevere, for she has reel stuff in her. Mr. Kaynor'a Macduff was a masterly piece of acting. In fact, wo have not Been as good a Macduff here before. It WaB not overdone, but restrained by good tnato. He forgot, however, to ' put his hat over his brows.' Mr. Hesford, was, as usual, excellent, and Mr. Palmer'a Duncan was exceptionally good. To-night the ' Lady of Lyons' will be given aenin. 