ACHUBCB MOOSE. «? I srosr taut to your instinct,' muttered Ike timber. MaJagthe bridle fall npon hi horse'. Wet. 'The eyes of sn owl wanid be at fault -gtfssahsB%htasCms. Be quiet, yon bmte 1 T--ypnmesetorepaymycoMfiduii^byUBsk- wwmraeckr Ttesmmalhadshiedsoriolentiyas nearly to throw las rider, sad stood trembling in every amde. Bis master peered through Dm ilsisatas in the endeavour fa make oat 'fee caase of ms terror. He coaM percent before Urn the dim oatBae ef a dismanUed chmrch, wilfcitt tirood of gravestones dastered about it Beade the road, so dose that be eonld have toadied it wit his whip, he discovered an indistinct white object crouching upon one of the graves. Baaolvmg npon what it was, he diani ? lid and approached it. As he did as, it arose and fed rapidly away. With Us cariosity new Mly aroused he followed it Asjtnearedttie chmrch, it bmied suddenly ssd confronted kdm. At On moment a broad glare of tigWamur flashed athwart the sky. and he ssw before trim a ymms girl dremed in a thin, watcr snsfad ftsi anil, her bah- faffing in drenched eons apon her snonidsrs. For an astant her «-» —,--_.,» f Issaiisail fnmnia 1i imi WwlPfL ?nUfaisfi^ nee was mran iwini im, assl her large, sorrawfalerea met hn with an spnsaline look, then she seemed to melt into &s; solid body of th« church. As well as the darkness' permitted, fee esjmiae* the spot where she had dts appeared, but could owl no opening through which ihecoald have escaped. He called aloud that he was a friend, and Ifcathad rattling to fesr. The only answer was the word wail of the tempest through the broken arches. With a feeling akin to aaperstitiou terror, he hastily remomted his horse, *-d did not draw rein ontfl he reached the village as. « Who oceapies the oUchnrch yonder f he enqaired of the landlord. ^ Ah ! yon have seen it,' exdahned the Isnd lord mysteriously. ' It r echoed the tranller. I ssw what I take to be a poor demented gH.' ' Ton ssw the spirit of one,' aaswered the host, solemnly. '? Everyone here know the s-atu7]' When she was abre bar same Ada ^^afarten. Eer father died a year back, leaving her heiress to his property. As she was yet a minor, he appointed Us friend Stephen East tmahergnardian, who, in case of her death wsmsrriwl. was to inherit the property. It i. said thst he best, starved, aad eraeBy B4reatcdher. Ooenigbt-jnatamch s nigbt satmn-ahedavafaMsmL Herimt and dosk Bwa^ftoiLta^^eimtolmas^s^ht nms«ma«s*as ? ki'agt. ' Hsr bs«- was ?ill nil ml. bntlw.pirtfsmibiaisfsui.sisi ?a the eharchyard, where her father lies. Ifasnwhae the sue who drove bar to her death Urns at his ease in bar asthar's Bouse a* the hOL' ThetraweuWwaaeviaeadyABefjytslmnted in the story, oat he made » comment upas it Merely informing tkeUajUor* that he sfeonU remain tor weak or tan, he retired to hn rasm. like many another vtxng man of forbme, Caurks Barclay was afflicted with too much leismm. Elk sole object m this part of the country was merely a languid search after amusement. The landlord', story had strongly aroused bis cariosity. Moreover, the young girl's sad face and hpnnirtwng glance in the eharchyard hadmade a strange impression upou him. Something in her improbable history had led him te form a vague suspicion of a truth eeirly as improbable. Eagerly accepting thepomibfeenancVof an ^^P'e^^cZ he determined to en=t the amtter to the bottom. Withont dropping a hint as to bis intentions, be left the inn o. the next night shortly sber etareoo'clock. and proceeded to the old chnrok. The place was siknt and deserted ; not era a stray dog was to be seen wandering about (be churchyard. An ineffably dreary air hang abort the place, depressing his spirittTsna abaast resolved him to abandon his object But a sentiment of pride arged him on, and he cautiously made his way into the church and sst down in one of the pews. For more than as boar nothing occurred to attract bis attention. He became drossy and was on tiie point of falling asleep where he sat, when a low, weird peal from the old organ moaned through the church. He sat erect, and listened, with snspended breath. The sound rose higher aad dearer, and presently the sweet bit mournful tones of » woman's voice joined it He conkt nuke out the words of a payer for the wretched. After a moment the music ceased, and he eseU hear the singer sobbing in a low, hsart broken way that brought tears to his eyes. He strained his eyes through the darkness, but coald make out nothing. Arising, he called ont: ' Whoever yon are. yon are hi sorrow and affliction. I cannot see you- I will not pursue you. All I desire is to be yonr friend. Win you answer me?' There was no reply, and the weeping suddenly censed. Afteramomentof hesitation he made his way to -&e; organ loft and etruck a match. No one was viable, nor was there the smallest trace of the recent presence of any human being. Considerably startled, he left tnedmrsh, d^tenmned to repeat his experi ment on the fallowing nufat. Providing Mraelf with a dark lantern, he went to the church on the next night, and secreted himself near the organ. As before, it was nearly midnight; before be became conseions ef the presence of another person in the building. On this occasion the organ was ?wtpUyed, ant there was a slight rostie as of a woman's dress, and presently he beard the same low bitter weepmg. Quickly arising, he shot the rays of the lantern in the direction whence the sounds pro nffKni c d. Sot mm toD tfaxno vsrds fnm him, in the broad cure of the light, he beheld the gid whom he bad met in the churchyard. She wan looking at him. anth an expression of intense terror in her white nee and tesowet eyes. As she stood cowering before him she mantel him of name innocent anisul crouching at the banter's feet. Witt an acoent «f deep pity he asdressedher : I iiw von m tne 49sUi!uyaUil tasiucltt before last; [epoke tofvaust night. Ism aotan«nearj,imraaB9tecarimity.seefaar. I earnestly want to aid you. WaByonnotcrast Keening her eyes fixed upon him with the aaBedistrnstftdJook,she answered m a faint tar-aff*siee-. 'Torn- friendship or yonr enmity can be Dotting to me. The world you hve in, bv ite wickedness and cruelty, drove me to any death. IamdoasndtohaaattaupUee nata jastjee m dsne npon my destroyer.'' 'You are trying to mislead me,' exdahned Barclay. 'Ton an no spa*, hot a poor, starving, kMmkss ymwg ajrL Ton t»e suffereTmiserahly, sail have resolved te raatore yon to your rights, sa well ssuaet ni|iiral—i bam tbs nun who ban anianjinl *^e advanced towards her as he spoke and ateetebedenthm am to asixe her. For an iaammtafaeaeenMdnsKertamhowtoaet, then even as torn hand seemed to fans bodfly through her shape, she melted into the shadows ef -£e place. This time be didnotpunaeber. Bar mysterions escape, which seemed to confirm her own words, began to impress him with the belief that he had indeed confronted a visitant from the other wedd. Ifext msniine, however, aool reflection taught him that he might easily have deceived himself in his excitement. He therefore resolved all the more obstinately to pursue the mvestigatian. For three nights following, be secreted tuauGti in (be cbucb uba cw*ui*Bd dot appearance, but his wateh was fruitiest. This caution on her part fully convinced him that hewsadeaiisgwithakssnaa being, and not with an impalpable phantom. Meantime, in panaame of the supicion which the landlord's atsry had imparted to him, be found a pivtrff on which to make the aapuiotaaee of Stephen Bastbum. The man impressed hha antamaraUy at first sight. Tall and gaunt of tern, wh* small, rsslem «rey eyes and a false smile, he seemed to Bardaytobe capaUs of any vfllaisy. The ysaag man was careen! to avoid nwwtjnnnig afritSrto^^rfd^rted'riUl' Oaths fourth anght Bsrday again simutnl I ' ? n-lllf waa IL11 ..I ? ~_.l ¥♦ ssi 1 1 j-U f-,- |1 1 ^^t^i^Mdo^°-g^^tp ^BS^afcaUam^sannws^nUi WsTanaM stnflfa-B^^^S^^^Sj^^H. SgJ^ii^'mlsV-Jfcif %S£. ing over it, and exteadmg her tkstmgssto gsrL Bvidsnth/jiLiessst wishtns caM, aba ma ventured to iadabje in this asuD eoantsct, m the hope that it msgbt escape natase. PuOiau; off his ahaes, Bsrday crept ap behind bee, aad, befsre she ams aware of bm preseuce, aeixed her in his strong grasp. 'I knew vo. -ere s» efcrnV^ne .aid. smiling^' though, if you eoottme this hse She sttereina'faiat cry of tasar, and sank npon her knees. 'Sparc asel' ahe sobbel. 'Isnanva poor, homdem, friendless girl, who aescr wronged anyone. Why do yon pursue me T 'For your own good, my poor girl.' he said, kmdly. - Whywul yVaet benen m my good intentioBsr ' Did Dot my father's tnated frend, theauw who bad sworn to be my second father, seek my lifer ' Ah r sail Barclay, wifli a stsrt. ' My conjectare was tame, then. &e; decoyed you to tjie river, and, after believing you safdy oat of the way, left your dosk aad hat npon tine bank to give the impression that yos committed suicide?'' ' Yes,' she answered 1 'but the river was more merciful than he, for it cast me ashore alive. Sick with honor, aad madly afraid of the whole world, I came here where my father lay, to die npon his grave. But it is hard for one so young to die. I have lived here these three months, suffering, freezing, dying. That I was taken for my own ghost was fortunate for me, for it kept everyone away from me, and aided me togst what little wonM keep me afire after mgfifaH. Aad I have encouraged the superstition. Sow yon know all If you are the man*s emissary, may God forgive you and hdp me.' 'I am an emissary, of mercy,*' returned Barclay. 'I am here to do justice on a villain, and to restore you to your rights. Win yon tmst and help acf She looked up at bin. 'Ton have a good, kind face,n she said, offering him her band. ' I win feast you.' 'Then,' said Barclay, 'keep up the character yon have assumed for one more day. To-morrow night I shall bring Eastbnm here with witnesses. Do you play on the organ when you hear us enter. When I tarn the dark lantern npon yon, arise and denounce him as yonr murderer. We can safdy leave him tosccan.Jnmadf.'' 'I -will oo as you wish.1* she answered, brokenly, 'How can I think you T 'By rawing my direcfiom,' replied Bsrday, brusquely, to hide his own emotion. With a few wards of advice he left her. His next move was to go directly to the land lord of the inn, relate ti-e whole story, and 'XT ten o'clock on «k next night, in company with the lanOora, be esSee. upon Stephen Bastbum. Cutting short hi smooth salutation, Bsroby said :- * JaaaT. EjaaSSOntCIa^ %wt ?sWavCam^'UaHHKa* 4]f JIM1 waritv, aajstli, has given rise to ctnuge ramovmintbevflbBje. Bersmrit is said to wandatmthesMenereh. We desire you to sccompnsy ns fhac to- night in order toset tboue Tories street.' Esetbanra saw dropped. Ids face became livid, smt fcwas barely able to reply m a quivering voice : 'Ghost ! absurd ! Do yon mean to nuke a fsdefase? I wffl not go to the efanrcb tot (his boar of the night.'' 'Allow ate to observe,' said Barclay sternly, 'that the rumours unless you aid as sMpstiag them, may calamsate ma charge of snsrder.' S«oe»tiags%nificsntmhistase nssaknto tender Fawlt.iiiL suddenly mssiiiiii . 'Of course I sS go, oat of puGteasssif yonmsmt. We shall probably hag a daareb avmse. xvey are pvwsuumarrBO anwrea as as bemenpahleofn^at. So reply was gri« to this kme attempt at l»n»nr?aa. ia £v«ry tm«omtortahle!6mme «f mind be went to the ebnnh, and wnsshasm into a pew in the dark b--. nn them. After aMi.Fsr^saca^thelowtsnesoftfaesrgsn snmsisdaBtfaroa^thadrsicfa, srraaasamwi by a wonaaVa *aiae. 'What m«an!- cried Esstbum, atnttmg ap. 'Wbosewoice was that T ' Be sQeut.--.sid Barclay, stermy. 'Good reason have yon to bear that vaiee wathga3ty At the same iaatant the ebon from has lssta»fdlbims&yui-mthe;«rzsa. Ftniiug bemn it, Isolring in at them, urns the figure of Ada Morton. 'Oh. God,' groaned Eastbnm, chokmfrfy. ' hly ams have found me ont. She has come back from the other world to accuse me of her demth.' ' Yes, 'Mid the girl solemnly. 'Stephen Easthara. yoa are aay nrardftrer.*' 'I eontem it,' shrieked Hk terror maddened wretch; 'I aak a. mercy from man, for tbe grave has coadeamed sue. Take me away-hUe me from this awfal night.' The light was turned oat, aad the btTs ngnre eliasmeand. The harror^miUen last bam, niiaiai^SfqminlenM, was taken to the village and imis msiml 1111 the doable cfasrtje of fraud astd sttrimi»»il nmrder. U the course of time be was convicted aad ssnsmbed. On the same day that he was switeneed. Bardaynosednpon Ads Morton. uowmstaOed mncrtsaner's house. Withberrestoratissto faera#*n,nhe bad recevered her health aad baasny. and it was with a atrsage tedmgof ? liajTl bspe and tsar that the young saan tofatsrsamdaadssid: ?^_ay« cnBed to aay fund-bye. Una The bright sasSs taded Cram bar face, and n look of pain esmem it plate. 'My-w*ber.-ds^-be«wa™d. ^1 'Kstla^-aberetnrned, brokerfr, -but to target the nsorgjrl wham you have hefei ninit That wBI be easy.' 'Ko,' he rested earnestly. 'So ornUult tbst labdlnev^aeesasiavjhiL T. atoyas iisi fiii. I iiioi|iMailill I mast go away ami M-«srtova«shav*tbis Inssjsafc tads lave tpr fan, winek has overgrown my whole heart, or stay to cherish it for wsar sake- Tdl ase. Aenr Ada, which mast I do.' She lsufasd wp at tarn shyly, ami essse uearatoavaifeassiKsrhMneKd. 'Stoy.' 