THE proceedings in the Academy of Music on Monday evening was noticeable for a very excellent speech by Major SMITH, for a practical and humorous address by Mr BULL, and for the hearty spirit which the audience showed in favor of the speakers. Nor is it at all surprising that this sympathy between the audience and the speakers should have been so visible. Major! SMITH and Mr BELL have always been staunch to the Libera! mtsa, always faithful to the party by which they were returned, always true to their pledges : ani representatives of this character not only deserve the goodwUl of their constituents, but, in a district like Ballarat West, they may always depend also upon retaining it ^ W R A S S E S IS ftot only SI Wge, intelligent, enterprising, find prosperous community, but it is also unchangeable in its political convictions. A member has only to keep straight—to stand firmly by the cause of Xjiberali&m;, which Ballarat West hasdone so much to promote, and to make so large a factor in Victorian political experiences and results —to be as sure of his seat as though it was vested in him by act of parliament for his lifetime. But woe betide him if he goes astray.. For just as certain as he is to be returned against all comers, if he remain constant to Liberal views, so sure is he to be rejected without ceremony if he betray, by act, word, or deed, a disposition to run counter to his party. To represent a constituency like this would be a pleasure and an honor to any man, for once elected for sucha district, and true to his colors, he need never fear either lacking the sympathy of the electors, or an easy return when the period comes round for re-election. Major SMITH and Mr BELL may both claim emphatically to have complied with all the conditions necessary to satisfy the electors of Ballarat West; and this circumstance at once accounts for die hearty greeting which they received from die packed audience in the Academy of Music on Monday night, and for tie hold which they have on the esteem and confidence of the Liberals, who form, by a large number, the majority of the electors of this district The speeches delivered by Major SMITH and Mr BELL, which called forth the unanimous feeling of sympathy and confidence which was expressed in diem on Monday evening; were exactly what they were intended to be—on epitome f die work of the last dim pariia- e n*-aW sessions. And the intention e Tag fully, calmly, and honestly set orth. Major SMITH described how faithfully Mid energetically die BERRY Ministry had discharged their departmental duties, how they bad assisted mining by prospecting grants and the importation of the dnmond drills, how by generous treatment they had res cuod the selectors from a state of great trial, how satisfactorily they had l&e;^ched the loan of £3,000,000 ia the LouSon market, so much so as wring from all parties praise of Mr BERUY'S -conduct, how largely they nad extenfcd the railway system of the colony, and how well they had tided the finances of the colony -over a severe :and unparalleled period oJ depression. All that Major SMITH -said upon *Uiese heads were plain -envarnished truths, which not even <3ie greatest snarlers, and most prejudiced spirits can, with the least show of reason or argument, traverse. Still more, however, Major SURM showed. He also proved that the Ministry -had done the best that could have been done, to bring, the reform question to a temporary conclusion, and also, that" whatever credit is due outside the members of the Government for this result, must go to Mr BELL, who, by his promptitude of information, and quickness of action, greatly contributed to the issue. All these facts were laid down by Major SMITH clearly aud irrefutably, and with an utter absence of anything like abuse of, or even adverse comment upon, political opponents; and any filling in of details, which was required, was admirably and amusingly done by MI- BELL, when Major SMITH had con eluded. The object of calling the meeting was, therefore, fully and faith fully carried out, and not anything that was necessary in a recess speech was left unstated. For this is not the time to lay down an opposition programme, or to declaim against the occupants of -office. The principle that everything should be done deoently and in ;good order, mexim always of -sound application: and the time for a local member to lay dewn a programme for the future, or for condemning the Ministry, will be, when the heads of the party have formulated the one, and when the Ministryhavemet Parliament, and exposed, by want of conceptive, constructive, or administrative power, itsinherentor corporate weakness. All that Major SMITH and Mr BELL undertook to do was to review .the past, to give their reasons for tie course which they had pursued inParliament, and to satisfy the electors of their baiia fides; and all this they did calmly and well, loth as to the spirit and the letter. All that was intended was, therefore, done; all that was explained harmonised with Liberal instincts, and all tliat was brought forward showed that Major SMITH and Mr BELL .had been true to the Liberal cause and to their parliamentary duties. Hence the result was just what might have been expected in so Liberal and consistent an electorate as Ballarat West. Unbounded confidence was -expressed in Major SMLTN and Mr BELL; and not so much as single hand was raised against this verdict. The u nanimi ty th us d isplayed sho v/s that there is DO fickle-mindedness about Ballarat West, and that it remains as true to the cause of liberal and progressive government as the needle is to the magnetic centre. The meeting likewise showed !;y its Jiearty cheers for the late Premier, that it retains the most implicit confidence in Mr BERRY, and that all the slanders which the laiter has had to bear, have made no greater impression upon the Liberals of Baliarat West, than a shot towards the moot disturbs the orbit of that satellite, or th« pouring of water on a duck's back alfects the Internal organs of that member of the feathered species. The meeting of Monday evening must, therefore, have been ju t as agreeable to Major SMITH and Mr BELL, as it wag satisfactory to the Liberal party, for while it shows that our two straight and consistent representatives are as popular as ever, it also showE that, in spite of all the rubbish uttered to the contrary by Conserva- tive and mendacious prints, the Liberals were nsver stronger, or more united, in Ballarat West than they are at this moment These are the results brought! out by the meeting which took place in the Academy of Music on Monday evening last; and, in the interests of the general progress, not anything of the sort could have been more satisfactorv or pleasing. ATT'^T'O-V be specially directed, to a report which appeared in yester-l day's Courier, for the importance of the business it gives the particulars of could not be over- estimated. The report WB refer to is that of a meeting | neld at Haddon on Satin/day last, to proton against any more land in the district being pal'ted with by the Government for any other than mining purposes. From the particulars there laid down it appears that at the last sitting of the laud board at Smythes dale, some person applied for 80 acres of land near Haddon; and there seems every prospect that the report of the land board will lie favorable to the application being granted. Now this land is either on, or in the vicinity of, some shallow ground, in which miners not employed in the large claims can manage to eke out a living, and quartz reefs are known to gridiron the locality in abundance. The certainty, therefore, of the miners being crowded out, on the one hand, and of a piece of land falling into the hands of one individual, to die detriment of the mining community, on the other, is as plain as the nose on one's face, if the applicant should get possession of this land; and anything of the sort more objectionable or unfair to the miners, could scarcely be challenged, or brought under Ministerial notice. It a ^ standing grievance with the miners, aud one with which we have always sympathised, that auriferous land should be locked up after this fashion. It contracts the miners' field of labor; it shuts them off from where they could get a livelihood; and it reduces themselves, their wives and children, to the most unpleasant state, through denying the husband and father—in the absence of employment in the laige mines—the oppor- tunity of utilising this resource for the necessities of existence. To allow land of tills kind to pass from the possession of the State, or to allow it to be fenced off from the miners merely on lease, is, therefore, a palpable wrong; and no excuse can justify such a wanton piece of cruelty or mischief. Tbe nndesiraWel ffeot, however, of such an act, is still' farther extended, for it prevent capital from developing such ground, and thus affording employment - to labor, through tlie difficulties and cost of getting possession of it for mining purposes, once it has been devoted to agricultural or other objects. It is only when, under tlie circumstance of alienation, the value of the ground is thoroughly demonstrated by surrounding operations that the ground is sought aud secured for mining purposes, and in the meantime the miner is as thoroughly debarred from utilising it for his own purposes' as though the ground was entirely non-existent. To the investors in mining, as well as to the working miners, therefore, the alienation of such land is an unjust act, and one that on broad grounds is always to be condemned; for no matter what mining conditions are incorporated with the transfer, the act is always attended with eviL If the right to mine is reserved, no end of difficulties arise to get possession of such land for mining, unless palm oil is freely used for the purpose;-and if the right to mine is not reserved, then thcdifKcultics are still further increased. But whatever conditions are imposed, the land is locked up from the individual working miner; and the wrong makes itself more manifest and keenly felt in this, than perhaps in any other, direction. 2so matter, then, how the leasing or selling of auriferous land is looked at the mischief is great; and no inflated desire to speed agricultural settlement can mitigate the evil. All these circumstances being mixed up in the case, the miners very properly regard alienation of this sort as a grievance to themselves; and the closer the effects are looked at tie easier and readier will the justice of their complaints be sympathised with, and mastered. Now, all these facts have only to l>e borne in mind to see the wrong which the Haddon meeting protested against. Hero is a large area of land applied for, some of which affords the means of obtaining a livelihood to miners unable to obtain work in the large claims, and the whole of which is more or less gridironed with quartz reefs; and great effort ie being made to get this land away from the miners. Should this effort succeed ? A distinct negative must be given to this question; e f, nearly everybody will agree with t&is; justifiable decision, for anything else would l>e a marked injustice to in dividual mining labor. The Haddon meeting has, therefore, taken up a very good cause; and no matter what the land board may report, it is the duty of the Minister of Mines to see that what that meeting asked for is yielded. The working miner may well ask for this to be done; and it will not say much for the Minister of Mines if the request thus made is not readily and effectually granted. IT is not too much to say that society was shaken to its base yesterday, by the telegrams which were posted outside this office of the dreadful railway accident which occurred on the Brighton aud Windsor line earlier in tLe morning: and the fuller particulars, which we publish in another column, will not tend to allay this feeling. The accident is the most terrible, by a long way, which this colony has yet experienced in s connection with its railway system; and the details which we give elsewhere will show that in the telegrams there was not one item of information in the smallest degree overstated. A really dreadful railway disaster has happened; and the loss of three lives, and the serious injuiy of a number of other persons, fully justify the giving of this description to the occurrence. A train is travelling at a rapid- pace from Brighton to Melbourne, bringing with it a large numlier of persons to their business and other occupations. There is no symptom in any part of it to excite the expectation of a catastrophe. The permanent way is sound, the en gine god all the carriages are apparently in a thoroughly efficient and safe condition, and the officials in charge are competent for their duties. Sud denly, a wheel breaks, the broken iron falls npon the rails, and then all is changed to disturbance and confusion. The broken iron clogs the line, the carriages are thrown off the rails, and the most lamentable consequences follow. Carriages filled with passengers are overturned, smashed, telescoped, and ruined; and the moans of the wounded, the shrieks of those who have escaped injury, and the dead bodies of the killed, arc the direful evidenoeof thedreadf ul catastrophe that has happened. Prompt assistance is afforded, and then it is found that three passengers have been killed instanler, that a number of others are seriously injured,and that nearly all the rest of the passengers are more or less terrified and. shaken. SBCU IS the lamentably CQHsequenced which a moment brings about; and the only consolation there is in the whole thing is that it was not more disastrous and fatal. Now, in the face of such an appalling occurrence as this, the question may well be asked, whose fault is it that this terrible railway accident occurred? and the public will certainly not be satisfied till this question has been fully answered. It is freely stated that the pace of these Brighton trains has been greatly quickened of late, in deference to the views of the Brighton and Windsor people; and if so, may not this have been the cause of the disaster? We do not say it but at least the idea is worth mentioning and investigating, if only to prevent anything of the same kind happening again. For it is well known that if ordinary wheuls be run beyond a certain pace, the least impact against a stone on the rail, or against a chair which supports the rail, will snap the iron, and then all the rest follows as a logical sequence. In tli» that -will be instituted, the i:t". > •«, this* point in the case should not be lost sight of, if only, as we have said, to prevent trains from being ran too fast, and thus to have the measures taken that are necessary to prevent such an accident as that of yesterday being repeated, Bnt setting this aside, there ii this alternative. If the wheel was cracked before starting, ought not this defect to have been dis- covered before the train started on its jonrneyl If so, then there is a terrible responsibility falling npon the negligent official. But if not, then no official to blame, and the event most simply .be pnt down to defects in iron products which are neither to be foreseen nor prevented. If the latter, however, be really tire causa of this dreadful accident, tlien «uytlikig|biit a hopeful stafce of things is ppened tip for travellers by rail, for what happened on the Brighton line yesterday may at any time be repeated 'upon that or any other of the railways. It is useless, however, to speculate further at present One thing is certain. An enquiry must beheld by a thoroughly competent and impartial board, outside of the department; and until this enquiry has taken place, and the affair has been examined to the minutest point, sifted, indeed, to the very bottom, the public will not rest satisfied with any Ministerial or departmental explanation. Meanwhile, this terrible accident will cost the State a fine round sum of money for compensation, and for repairing the damage done to the rolling stock, while having caused the death and serious injury of a number of human beings; and nothing but the keenest regret must be felt over so shocking an occurrence. It is probable that Major Smith and Mr Bell will address the electors of Haddon next Friday evening, but the date has not been positivelj fixed yet The erection of a Sugg lamp in Stortstreet, at the intersection of Grenville street, is now being carried on. The lamp is intended to throw a light down Bridge street, and for this purpose is well placed. To an ordinary observer, however, it seems to be situated badly, in being BO close to the narrow entry of Bridge street, and that public safety and convenience would have been better secured by its being located from 10 to 20 yards west of its present site. Perhaps the members of the Tourn Council can explain the reason of the lamp being so placed. Some sixteen parents had their views of parental responsibility enlarged by a compulsory visit to the Smythesdale . Police Court yesterday, where they bad to listen to brief lectures from the bench on the objects and aims of the Education Act, and the necessity of enforcing the compulsory clauses of that measure. The parents were also requested to leave behind them certain sums of money, altogether amounting to £5 9s6d, with a view of reminding them of the existence of the said compulsory clauses, and they were warned that on any future occasion the penalties for the offence would be doubled. The excuses put forward did credit to the inventive genius of the parents; t^ie favorite one apparently being illness just severe enough to keep the child from school, bnt not sufficiently dangerous to trouble even a lodge doctor about it. The excuses, however, were of. no avail, as the fines were invariably enforced. The cases, on the whole, however, showed a decided improvement, as there were fewer instances in which the children had been kept away altogether; yet it is surprising that parents will continue to risk the infliction of the penalties provided by the Act for only a few days, as there were cases in which tlie children had attended twenty-sixand twefity-seven days, and where consequently only a few days more attendance would have left them free from punish ment. The further issue of 7000 shares in the Australian Freehold Banking Corporation, Limited, is finding considerable favor with the investing public. It is expected the very few remaining shares on hand will be applied for to- day. The bank baa hitherto paid 10 per cent dividends. Mr William Little is the bank's Ballarat broker. Now that the early flower season is on, the Garden Protection Society should be in full activity, endeavoring to detect the ruthless thieves who prowl round front gardens durii the night, destroying the growth of years. Only on Monday evening last the garden of Mr James Nieol, Lydiard street, was entered, and a beautiful daphne plant, together with some favorite camellias, were so torn about and denuded of their branches .as to be utterly mined. Mr Nicol announces in our advertising columns a reward for the detection of the culprits. A boy named (or, rather, giving the name of) Geo. Beaumont, aged fourteen years, was caught by the police last night in the act of " sliaiigliaiug"'a.constable near the Macarthur State school. The dangerous " amusement" some boys indulge in of stoning, by hand or catapult, other people, cannot be too strouglj' reprimanded, for a stone travelling with the velocity a muscular arm, or strong bands of suddenly contracting indiarubber, give it, makes an ugly wound when it strikes anyone on the bead. Beaumont was lodged in the City lock-up, and to-day will be dealt with at the City Police Court. At tlie City Police Court yesterday Edwin Hossack, an employe of the Phoenix Foundry Company, was fined £10, with 21s costs, in default three months' imprisonment, for assaultiog Mr \V. H. Shaw, manager for the company. Mr Gaunt appeared for the prosecution. The evidence for the prosecution was that defendant ivas talking to another man in tlie turning shop when prosecutor told him to go on with his work, upon which defendant struck him in the face with his fist. There was practically no defence. A littje girl named Lucy Brain was treated at the Hospital yesterday for a wound in her left leg, caused by her falling against a reap- ing-hook. The injuiy was not serious, and after receiving the requisite surgical attention, the child was taken home. A boy named Charles Cookson, who had had his left hand cut by an accidental blow from an axe, was also attended to, and then taken home. Tlie annual meeting of the Ballarat Auxiliary Bible Society was held on Monday night, at Koran's Orchestral hall, Doveton street. There was a large attendance, and Mr R. Lewis, J.P., occupied the chair. Addresses were delivered by the Bishop of Ballarat, a number of Anglican cleraymen, aud Messrs -las. Campbell and W. H. Figgis. The chairman gave a short address, congratulating those present on the success that had attended their efforts on behalf of the society during the last twelve months. The lady collectors deserve special mention for their efforts, which resulted in £50 being Milt, as a free gift to the parent society. 1317 Bibles and Testaments had been sold, realising £91 6s lOd. The balance-sheet stibrojsnowedTotal receipts, £706s7d; Expenditure the same, less credit balance df £7 5s lOd. It was decided that the reports and balance-sheets, as read, be received and printed, under the direction of the committee. A vote of thanks was unanimously carried to the retiring officers; and the following gentlemen were elected to take their place for the ensuing twelve mouths;—Mr XL Lewis, president; Mr A. Hunter, treasurer; the Eevs. H. W. H. Adeney and Joseph' Walker, secretaries; committee—Messrs Allen, Lakelaud. Campbell, Sim, Taylor, Eamsay, Blundell, Willuuna, M'Phillimy, Wood, and all Protestant ministers who were subscribers. A collection was then made, which realised £3 16s 4d; and to this must be added a special donation of £2 10s, received from St. John's Church, Soldiers' Hill. Mr Turpie, J. P., presided on the ue Town bench yesterday. Three drunkards were fined in the usual amount. One of them, Emma M'Intosh, was ordered to pay an additional fine of 10s, in default fourteen days' imprisonment, for having made use of obscene language. We learn that Mr Francis Jolly, manager of the Smith's Freehold Company, has received the management of a large copper mine in New South Wales, and will proceed to take charge in a day or two. The numerous friends of Mr Jollf will, while regretting his absence, be still pleased to learn that his appointment is a lucrative one, and that his well-known abilities as mine manager are fully recognised by the proprietary. A foot race of 100 yards took place on Monday at Creswick, "between a well-known knight of the cleaver and a lucky mining speculator, who has arauired a considerable amount of property in Ballarat; the butcher, who weighs nearly 20 stone, getting 20 yards. Both - men got away to a good .start, the scratch man running very cleverly, but to no avail, as he could not get within 15 yards of the winner, who received the congratulations of a large number of spectators. One. of the leading footballers—Mr Win. Tootell—having recently met with a very severe accident, which necessitated his admission to tbe Hospital, it has been decided by the Ballarat Imperial and City clabs (as per advertisement) to play their match on his behalf. These clubs having defeated one 1 another this season, (he -contest pending will prove the most exciting match of this year, the teams bong well matched. Two wellknown peds—one hailing from the (Sty, and' one from the Ballarat (formeriy of the Balla- iUning powersduring Hie interval, the fannerreceiving 15 yawls ^ a. quarter «f> nfle. "He recipient having lately joined the benedicts, in addition 4o services rendered by him in aU leading football matches during the past five years, makes the case well worthy of the support and sympathy ot those who are fond of this popular pastime. Our old and respected fellow-townBmaii, Mr Gilbert Duncan, has at last definitely settled down once more in our midst, after a long absence, and enters this morning into occupation of the City Hall hotel, Sturt street, vacated by Mrs Kennedy. A meeting of clergymen and other gentlemen, to make arrangements for the yearly Charity Sunday collections, is convened for this afternoon at four o'clock, at the City Hall. Mr Birtchndl, of the Bible Depot, sends us the July quarterly number of "Courts' Magazine of Health," which contains the usual useful information and advice in connection with the use of acetic acid. There is, especially, the report of a case of sciatica, treated by the Rev. John Clark, of Williamstown, which dwells strongly on the virtue of the guaranteed acid. The " Magazine of Health" is presented gratis at the Bible and Book Depot. Mr Spence, the secretary of the Miners' Association at Creswick, has banded over to the treasurer of the Tretheway relief fund, at Linton, £87 5s from members of the association, which, added to £38 2s 6d, collections and concert at Linton, will make a total "of £135 7s 6d, which will, no doubt, be very acceptable to the widow and her family. Subscribers are reminded that the list for the Turner testimonial will close this week. In another column a list of subscribers will be found. It is desired to conclude the matter as soon as possible. The State schools, through the boards of advice, have joined with the committee of the Philharmonic. Subscribers will oblige by sending in their amounts to Mr Beeves, Sturt- street, during the present week. We are requested to publish tlie following:—"Mr Peter Campbell, the voluntary and undenominational bush missionary, has been holding within the last fortnight crowded * religious lecture' meetings in the Town Hall Exchange-room, Adelaide, in which city be arrived from Victoria on 12th August." The usual meeting of the Barkly Street Mutual Improvement Association was held in the vestry last evening, presided over by Vice-president'R. M. McGregor. There wasa good attendance of members and visitors. The aijfth issue of the magazine was read by the editor, and, like its predecessors, contained a number of interesting original articles, poems, conundrums, &c.9; which were presented for criticism under a nom de plume, the names of contributors being given at the close of the meeting. Articles on the following subjects were submitted:—" Self-denial," "Energy," "Rumor and the fallen one," "Moments," "A trip to the Blue Mountains," "Our social tea" (a poem), "Fact aud fiction," &c.; The contributors and the editor received a unanimous' vote of thanks at the close of the magazine, which was replied to by the secretary and one of the contributors. Next evening an essay will be given by a lady member on "Novel tead- mg." The meeting closed iu the usuql way at ten p.m. The receipts on the Victorian railways for the week which ended on the 25th August were £26,182 18s 6d. The sum received in the corresponding week of 1SS1 was £23,270 15s 2d. An address will be given to Christians, this evening, in the Humffray street hall, commencing at half-past seven. The Australian Natives' Association will meet at Craig's hotel this evening, at eight o'clock. A meeting of the officers and members of the various branches of the Ballarat Reform League will be held at Fussell's hotel this evening, at eight o'clock, to consider busi ness of importance. Tlie adjourned meeting of the late Arch dcacon Potter memorial fund will be held in the Christ Church schoolroom this afternoon, at half-past four o'clock. The young woman Catherine Maher, arrested for stabbing her husband, was brought before the City Police Court yesterday, and remanded for a week, her husband being too ill to attend. Bail was allowed in one surety of £20. The Mount Pleasant Mutual Improvement Association held its usual-fortnightly meeting on Thursday evening last. There was a good attendance of members, the president in the chair. The business for the evening being "anonymous letters," several very interesting letters were read, and some of the members very warmly discussed the merits and demerits 'of the productions. « A pleasant evening was brought to a close with the usual benediction. The Cabinet (says the Telegraph J has so far agreed on the terms for the joint construction of the Murray railway bridge between Albury and Wodonga as to enable Mr Elsdon to meet the New South Wales engineer-inchief for the settlement of details and the drawing up of specifications. Only a single line across the river will, we understand, be at present provided for. Tenders will be called for by the neighboring colony, Victoria having had control of the erection of the Echuca bridge. On Sunday evening (says the Geelong Ad- vertiser) a practical joke in the western end of tlie town nearly had a serious result. For some nights a figure clothed in white has startled unwary pedestrians in a certain quarter of the town, and the more timid have not ventured n second time iu the locality. TLe wnite clai figure, which was either that of a young athletic man or a tall woman, again attempted to frighten passers-by, and a man, who bad evidently determined to find out who tbe practical joker was, made a sudden dart at the figure, missed it, tripped on a stone, and fell headlong into a deep cutting. The would-be "ghost" escaped, but not without a fright. Mr Bayles, police magistrate residing at Wagga, is suffering (says the Tekgraiih) from indisposition caused by the bullet wound he received in an encounter with Morgan, the bushranger, some years ago, at Bullenbong station. Arrangements (says the Telegraph) have been made at the Melbourne branch of the Post Office Savings Bank by which depositors with Melbourne books will be'allowed to withdraw sums of money without notice. As the Post Office Savings Bank system renders it neceseaiy that the depositors' ledger shall be kept at the chief office, by which means branches can be opened at very small towns and villages, the same facilities cannot be given to depositors at suburban or country offices, but the suburban warrants for repayment will now be despatched by the midday instead of the afternoon mails, as heretofore, and argent cases will be paid by telegraph at a small charge. There are now 200 branches of the bank in the colony, and 60,000 depositors, with a balance to their accounts amounting to £930,000. In Melbourne and suburbs there are twenty-five branches and 36,000 depositors, with £600,000 to their credit Hie Minister of Lands, Mr Walter Madden, and the Minister of Mines, Mr B, Burrowes, were returned on Monday (says the Argus) for the Wimmera and the Sandhurst electorates without opposition. On and after Monday, 5th September, a charge of Is for adults and fid for children will be made on all days of the week, excepting Saturdays and Sundays, for admission to the Zoological Gardens, Boyal Park Subscribing members (adds tte Argue) will be admitted free. The lambing averages (says the CoJac Herald) for the Colac district are exceptionally good. On very few of the estates have they finished marking, but as far as can be at present ascertained the averages will be better tills year than they have been for many yeara _ previously. The Messrs Warner Brothers flocks will average nearly 96 per cent, which is remarkably high. Some of the smaller flocks have averaged over 100 percent. After a lingering and painful illneBS, arising front cancer in the stomach, Mr Frank Gardner, the well-known couraing judge 'saya the Gtdang Advertiser) succumbed on Monday evening. Tlie deceased gentleman, who was fifty-two years of age, was brought from England a few yeara fcince, when the Victorian Coursing Club was started, to act as judge, and for many meetings he acted in % very satisfactory manner, acbug for several provincial clubs in the same capacity. By an unfortunate circumstance he appeared to offend several of tbe most influential owners of doss engaged in important conning constar of snocees lapidly waned. In the meantime his copied by men of little experience, he was supplanted. Since then Mr fS»rdner has taken to a retired life, land bemg Eeizrf with the disease which culminated in his death on Mcnday, he sought the protection of strangers. At the residence of Mr G. E. Green, the well-known chemist, of Malop street, the deceased gentleman found a comfortable home. Ereiy want of the unfortunate coursing judge was supplied by Mr Green, and, save the kind sympathies of that gentleman, Mr Gardner has died in a land where kin or kith are noticeably absent. W. D. Murrell, who has served in Pentridge over eighteen years of a life sentence for murder, such sentences now being reckoned at twenty years, has appealed (says the Argus), to the Government to recommend a remission of tlie remaining period of his captivity, chiefly on the ground that he has suffered much for a long time from weak health owing to the effects of loug confinement. The prisoner, who meiitions incidentally that he was innocent of the crime of which he was convicted, states that he has now been over four years in the sixth or highest class, that be has earned good conduct marks representing over twenty-three and a half y&ra; of imprisonment, that a remission of two years will release him atonce, and that a remission of eighteen months will enable him to earn his freedom about Christmas. In support of the application he cites the cases of Supple, Gough, Simmons, and othe.-s, who were released after serving from eight to eighteen years of life sentences; and mentions that it lias been .found in practice that liberated lifers never return to gaol. The following is the complete list of the members of the Tariff Commission:—Messrs Fincham, Mirams, Tucker, and Bosisto, M.L.A.; Mr Andrew, late M.L.A. for West Melbourne; Mr Grimwade, of the firm of Messrs Felton, Grimwade, and Co., viceresident of the Chamber of Commerce; and S Ir J. Chatfield Tyler, ex-collector of cus- toms. Difficulties (says the Argun) have arisen at the Railway Department with Mr R. G Ford, the engineer of construction. It is alleged that he neglected instructions, and failed last week to attend a meeting of engineers at Geelong, called for the purpose of inspecting the railway bridge over the River Barwon, and to decide how far, in their opinion, it was the cause of the damage occasioned by the floods last year. His conduct is. now under the consideration of the Minister of Railways and Mr Elsden. At a meeting of the Majorca Borough Council, held on Monday (says the Argun) Mr J. M. Barr, M.L. A , resigned the position as town clerk of the borough, after having acted in that capacity for neariy eleven years. The resignation was received with regret by the members of the council, Mr Barr having given much satisfaction in the discharge of his duties. A circumstance (says the Arguz) illustrative of the rapid progress of Victorian glass manufacture, bas been brought under its notice. Recent improvements in gas-burners hare occasioned a demand for enormous ground-glass gas globes, more or less elaborately cut, but it has been found difficult to meet it. For example, fcoine time since Mr A. Dempster, gas-litter, of Post office place, sent to England for globes of the kind, 15 inches in diameter, but three manufacturers successively declined the order, and twelve months elapsed -before it was complied with. However, within the last week, globe? of c-xactly tlie same character, 18 inches in oiameicr (said to be by far the largest yet mad» iu the colony), have beci manufactured r/ Messrs Edwards and Euuson, Tyne Flint Glassworks, Flinders street. The import duty on such goods would come to 7s 6d per globe. 