IN time each day begins at midnight ; in place, at the 180th meridian. When it is midnight at Greenwich it will be, let us say, Wednesday for 180 degrees east and Tuesday for 180 degrees west, the 180th meridian dividing the two days. If a person crosses the meri- dian, coming east, he sails out of Wednesday and into Tuesday. If he goes westward he sails out of Tuesday and into Wednesday. It is never the same day all around the world except when it is striking midnight I on the 180th meridian. One hour after it is midnight 115 degrees further west, and 1 a. m. of Wednesday (say) at the meridian, Wednesday extending over 15 I degrees of the surface of the earth, and Tuesday over I the remaining 245 degrees ; in other words, the new I day extends from the 180th meridian west to midnight, wherever that may be, and the old day extends from the 180th meridian east till it meets the new day at midnight. Reversing it, it is the new day from mid- night at any point on the earth eastward to the 180th meridian, and the old day westward to that meridian. It does not matter upon what parallel of latitude yon cross the 180th degree of longitude-whether at the equator or the Ai'ctic Circle-the old day is always east of it, the new day west of it. In crossing the 180th meridian ships add or drop a day in order to keep accu- rate time. A steamer sailing west, from San Francisco for Yokohama, comes to the meridian at 10 a.m., Tuesday. Her bow crosses, and in the forecastle it is 10 a.m. Wednesday, while in the cabin it is 10 a.m. of Tuesday. A moment later it is 10 a.m. of Wednesday in the cabin also, and Tuesday is left behind. Twenty four hours have been added to the reckoning, but no time has been actually gained. A vessel sailing east- ward reverses this, sailing out of 10 a.m. Wednesday into 10 a.m. of Tuesday. It may be asked, Cl What becomes of the 10 a.m. of Tuesday that was left behind?" That 10 a.m. of Tuesday was twenty-four hours old ; it began on the meridian twenty-four hours previously, travelled westward around the world, and was then ready to give up the ghost and let 10 a. m. of Wednesday begin its journey. Each hour of each day begins at the 180th meridian, travels westward for twenty-four hours, and when it arrives again at the meridian the same hour of the next day starts. The whole arrangement is an arbitrary one, agreed upon by Christian people in order to simplify reckoning, and the 180th meridian is selected for the beginning of the day because it is in the middle of the- Pacific Ocean and avoids the complications that would arise if the day began at a meridian running through a thickly popu- lated country. 