AMUSEMENTS. Tiie Theatre Royal last night was very largely attended, nnd " l.a Fillc I)u Tambour Major" was again successfully produced. The same pro gramme will be r -p-att'd this evening. " Mother-in-Lsw anil "The Uorsican Brothers ' attracted au immense 'audience to the Gaiety Theatre last night, and both pieces went with admirable smoothness and capital effect. This entertainment is certain to become extremely popular, nnd it fully deserves a long nnd pros perous career, Another change was mado in the programme at tho Masonic Hull last night, and an excellent entertainment was provided by the mombars of the Mendelssohn Qnintetto Olub. Mr. L. M. Baylcss intimates that the final concert of tho onriita will hf» tTlVP.n fill S-lttinJilY CVCDillCf. At tho Queen's Theatre, which was liberally patronised last night, Mr. Walter Reynolds scored another success with his uew aud clever drama, " Ould Erin." Tho same programme will bo re peated this evening, and until farther notice. On Monday evening, Mr. W. J. Wilson re-opens the Opera House. To do so under the most favour able auspices, lie lias secured that very popular troupe of artists, tlio Montague-Turner Opera Company. Tho first programme will bo Guonod's masterpiece "Faust," an t " Lucia," " II Trovntorc," and " L'uerezin fiorgin'.' are to succeed it. The seiison is likiily to' he a successful' as well os 'ait enjoyable ono. The popularity of " Begone Dull Caro" has any thing but declined, arid Mr. Macdabc, with his humourous ontertainment, kept a large audience nlways lnnghing at tho School of Arts last night. A farewell matinee is arranged for Saturdny, nnd in tho evening Mr. Macoabe appears for the last time prior to his departure for Melbourne. "Miss Georgina Smithson, who comes to us heralded by tlio most frittering criticisms'' and a world-wide reputation, is announced shortly to appear here, The lndy is famous ns a storliug actress as well in serious drama and comedy as in burlesque, nud her performances 'pan safely ha looked lorivtird to with the ploasantoat anticipa tion". Mr. Frank Catoi takes his bonoflt nt tho Masonio Hall on Monday evening next. A number of visitors interviewed tho giant, dwarf, and magnetic lady yesterday. They will bo on exhibition to-day, and ntiothcr curiosity is added to tho list in the' shape of a double-jointod dwarf, who is said to perform some very extraor dinary feats. Mr. .D'Aroy Read's ghosts continuo a great atlraoUoo nt tho Victoria Hall, 