A BRIEF OUTLINE OF COMING EVENTS. No. IV. communicated. The seventeenth chapter is to throw additional light on some of the rials, and to doscribo Rome and the Romish Church with precision, and beyond controversy. It points out that during the non-cxistenco of tho Romish Church, that Romo is Babylon ; bin that during its existence tho Romish Church at Rome is comprehended by that term ; also, that the " beaBt " of this chapter has a twofold meaning, and in one sense is a spirit from hell opposed to Christ, exercising sway at Romo and over the ten kingdoms, and that thoso ten king doms should, throughout their caroer, bo in uc- cord with this " beast." It does not state that they should give their power unto tho Romish Church, but unto the beast which has a wider range, and includes all cognato anti- Christian systems. The union of Church and State, and much besides, fulfils this prediction. ChriBt is the head of His Church, whetbor on earth or in heaven, and he has never dolegatod this office to another, and any human authority who assumea this dignity, whether generally or as regards a particular country, does so in oppo sition to Christ, Bnd in a9 anti-Christ. More over, the Church is the spouse of Our Saviour, who declared that in this dispensation Ilis king dom was not of this world, and thorefore can havo no concord or alliance with the powers theroof, and if the Church enter into union with any other besides Himself, Bbe commitB spiritual fornication. The union of Church and State has been most destructive to vital Christianity. _ The eighteenth chapter is a detached represen- tion to point out a great maritime power, so that it might be clearly perceived what nation tho sea of the socond vial is. The Power denounced is too proud to think that evil could bofall hor. God's people are, however, commanded to depart out of her, and tho chapter discloses what He thinks of her, though she may very highly eBteem herself, and in what light He views many of her wars, tho iniquity engendered by her oommeroe, her foreign policy, and much of hor internal history. By a figure of speech in the concluding verse iB intimated how largely she has been engaged in war— a sad result for a professing country— and the blood of saints and also of prophets, in the light of preachers of the Gospel, has been shed in hor, as is quite ap parent from history; and her treatment of tho Covenanters in Scotland has left a crimson Btain behind. Persecution also drove tho founders of the United States to seek an asylum on the continent of America. England has been largely engaged in the slave trade, and even of late her merchants have been clandestinely en gaged therein, and in what is very near akin to it. And what is tho sale of " livings,'' and the plaoing of men in spiritual charge for political, pecuniary, or other worldly considera tions but trafficking in the immortal interests of the souls of her subjects? And tho scorn and derision with which the very intimation that England will soon fall is now-a-doys mot is aptly described in the words— "I sit a Queen, and am no widow, and Bball seo no sorrow." The nineteenth chapter resumos history on the fall of the Romish Church. It gives no description of the contest, reference to whioh is afterwards made, and there is o beauty here ia this omission, implying that there could bo none when Ha appeared, who has only to speak and "it is done;" Who has only to command and "the winds and sea obey." Descriptions nf the couffiot and of the events preceding it can be gathered from the 38th and 39th chapters of Ezekiel, and from the 14th and some of the pro- | ceding chapters of Zaohariah. Tho 39th choptor | of Ezekiel, in verses 17, 18, 19, and 20, contains a similar invitation to the fowU of the air as this_ chapter. As previously mentioned in eluoidating the sixth vial, Russia has evidently the copmand of the combined forces that assail Palestine. It appears to be tho mission of Russia to gather under hor sway tho wrockB that may be existing of tho shattered nationali ties that oompoBed tho imago in tho short in terval between thoir overthrow and ibo millen nium, so as to prevent such remnants from aguin assuming independent existence, and having from amongst them gathered an immense array willing to be so employed, with it to assail Palestine ond attack Jerusalem, thore to moet with deserved punishment ond complete destruc tion, that tho nations might bo fully convinced that there is indeed a God who orderoth all things on earth as well as in heaven, and tbot all remaining vitality in the imago might be ex tinguished and all trace of it disappear. Tho 14th chapter of Zaohariah describes this assault ond its results. After the overthrow of tho Mahometan power, tho animating spirits of tho false religions of the Papacy and Mahometanism and other systems opposed to tho truth ore re presented as changing their policy. Wars, per secutions, and bloodshed, having been attended with suoh disastrous results to thoir previous syBtoms, they ore represented as assuming tho garb of frogs (see sixth vial), animals of a quiet and inoffensivo disposition, generally thought to purify the water in which they Dro, though, in roality, they foul it ; so will theso protend to purify the "waters of life," and will, bb inti mated by our Saviour in reference to this time, deceive all but the very elect, and they will thon all act in unison, as they are each represented ' as ' assuming the same guise, namely, that of a frog. This will bo a most seductive dangerous period, but its true nature will easily bo per ceived, as its prominent characteristic will bo antipathy to the Jews. _ It is clear from prophocy that in our genera- j tion the Gospel wob to be proached amongst tho i chief nations of the earth, especially throughout the precincts of tho ancient Roman Empire. And not many years since, upon a large portion of thiB latter tract, the plain proachiug of tho Gospol was prohibited ; but, by a succession of wars, God not only chastised theso nations, but threw them open to Gospel influence, in their being enabled to hear the pure Word of God. One result o? the Crimean war was that, throughout the length and breadth of the Turkish reolm, liberty of conscience was by treaty guaranteed to Christians of all denominations. The war between France and Austria placed a large portion of Italy beneath Victor Emanuel's sway, who. accorded to all his subjects tho greatest religious toleration. Garibaldi's ex pedition against Sioily resulted in that country, and "subsequently in the Papal States, being added to Victor Emanuel's rule. Tho insurrec tion in Spain was followed by tho preaching of the Gospel in that country. The war between Prussia and Austria resulted in another portion of Italy being attached to Victor Emauuel's kingdom, and in the whole of Austria, in parts of which Protestant worship had been pro hibited for hundreds of years, being free to hear the pure Word of God. Prussian victories had the same result. And during tho French and German war Victor Emanuel took possession of Rome itself ; and since then Protestant churches and placeB of worship have arisen in that city. Even the civil war in the United States gnve liberty to four millions of slaves, many of whom were debarred the study of Soripturo. And tho Turoo-Russian war gave greater faoility to the preaohing of the Gospbl in tbe districts separated from Turkey. The hand of God may thus bo plainly seen in thiB unvarying result of modern war. The study of prophecy is much encouraged in Scripture. In tbe third verse of the first chapter of- the Apooalypso it ia thus written—" Blessed is be that readeth and they that hear 'the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein, for the time is at hand " (Rev., c. 1, v. 3). - And that its roeaDiug was to be comprehended before the happening cf the events foretold, especially bb regards this latter ago, is evidotit from tbe wording of the first I verso of that sncrod book, whioh commences thus — "Tho Rovolotion of Jesus Christ, which God gavo unto Ilim to shew unto His servants thing3 which must shortly come to pBBB." Yet in spito of this nud similar declarations contained in that book, Invgo numbers, and especially the clorgy, net as if it were writton " Blessed is he who doth not poruse it, for it is unintelligible." If, as regards our gonoration, to what it points could not bo ascertained till there was fulfil ment of tho predictions, it would be of com parative little utility, as a timo would then have arrived when all will know tho Lord, from the least to the grcatost, and the testimony of ful filled prophecy would no longor bo required to nltost tho truth of Soripturo. In such case wo should bo at a loss to conceive tho great bless ings pronounced npon its study, and the high oxaltation in boavon's kingdom promised to thoso who rightfully unfold its sacred page for tho benefit of thoir brethren. As regards the forthcoming events revealed in Holy Writ, it is thu3 written — "The wiso shall understand" (Daniel, c. xu., v. 10). Of those who so under stand it is said that hereafter " They shall shine with tho brightness of tho firmament." Surely this should encourage us to most diligent study. Prophocy denounces tho modern systems of Christianity, tho conduct of its professors, the clergy, and tho manner in which they are chosen ; and it would bo well for the nations if resort wore had to tho practice and precepts of tho Primitivo Church. Tho conduct of tho generality of modern Christians .is widely different from that of tbe ancient timeB, and no longer affords evidence of the truth of that religion whioh they profess ; and wo may well wonder tbat the threatened judgments have been so long delayed. As regards the clergy, how are the elders and bishops (for the office is identioal) to be chosen ? In Sit. Paul's Epistle to Titus— first chapter, verses five, six, and seven— we find it thus written— " For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou should'Bt set in order the things that are wanting, and ordain elders in every city, as I had appointed thee ; if any be blameleBB, the husband of one wife, having faithful ohildren, not accused of riot or unruly. For a bishop must be blameless as the steward of God, not self-willed, not soon angry, not given to wine, no striker, not given to filthy luore," &o.; Among other things, this quotation proves that the bishops and elders were the same persons, and tho terms convertible — which is also demon strated by the twentieth chapter of Aots, for it is therein stated that St. Paul sent to EpbeBUs for the olders of tho Church, and in addressing them ho said — "Take hoed therefore unto your selves, and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost bath made you overseers " (v. 28), the word here translated "overseers" being the same as is elsewhere rendered " bishops." We have seen from the Epistle to Titus how these elders should be qualified before th«y were chosen. In the first Epistle of St. Paul to Timothy, third chapter, verses two to fire inclu sive, we find these words— " A bishop then must be blamelesB, the husband of one wife, vigilent, sober, of good behaviour, given to hospitality, apt to teach, not given to wine, no striker, not greedy of filthy lucre, but patient, not a brawler, not covetouB ; one that ruleth well his own house, having bis ohildren in subjection with all gravity, (for if a man Jcnow not how to rute his own house, how shall he take charge oj the Church o Gocl). St. Peter in his first Epistle, chapter five, verses one to five, ubob this address. "The elders whioh are among you, I exhort, who am also an elder, and a witness of the sufferings of Christ, and also a partaker of the glory that shall bo revealed ; feed the flock of God, which is among you, taking tbe oversight (bishopric) theroof, not by constraint, but willingly, not for filthy lucre, but of a ready mind, neither as being lords over God's heritage, but as enBamples to the flock. And when the chief Shepherd Bhall appear, ye shall receive a crown of glory, that fadeth not away. Likewise ye younger, submit yourself to the elder." From the previous quotations it is plain co be seen that this was a patriarchal system of church government (the name still lingers among the older cburohes) ; tho heads of Christian families having the neoeB- sary qualifications to take joint charge of the Church, and as some might want the necessary ability to preach, it is stated elsewhere that they who did so should be worthy of double honour. Catholics and Protestants have alike ignored theso injunctions, and the modern clergy stand very much in the position of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram, who wished to usurp the office ond authority whioh alone belonged to the tribe of Levi and the descendants of Aaron. They are not chosen as ordained by the Holy Ghost, and doubtless too many, like Balaam of old, seek the position for the pecuniary and other worldly ad vantages it affords. The Scriptures point out that thus heaven's kingdom would thuB be taken by violence, and as it mentions that they would " greedily run after the error of Balaam for re ward ; " so it deolareB that they will everlastingly perish in the gainsaying of Core (Eorab). No wonder such little praocical Christianity exists in tho world, and tbat tbe modern churches will soon bo overthrown in Almighty displeasure, and there is vory much besides, in theory and practice, upheld by the existing chnrcheB in. diroct antagonism to the Word of God. From the time of Daniel to the present thore has boen an unbroken chain of propheoy fulfilled or fulfilling. Reference has already been made to the second chapter of Daniel, and tho seventh relates to same powerB with some additions, and in more extended detail. It intimates how the Grecian kingdom on Alexander's death would be divided into four parts, and on that mighty con queror's decoose his children were slain and his four generals, Cassander, Antigonus, Seleuous, and Ptolomy divided his empire amongst them. The action and proceedings of the fourth beast or Roman Empire is therein most truthfully pourtroyod. The eighth chapter haB referonco to the wars betwoon Persia and Greece, the conquest of the former by Alexander, the fourfold division of his ompire at his death, and that on one of these divisions should arise the great Mahometan apostacy, with its wonderful success. Mahomet's power was small at first, denoted by the little horn, and though originating in Arabia, it was after Mahomet's death that bis followers, having established themselves at Damascus, in Syria, whioh originally belonged to Seleuous, became a great conquering power. The very direction of thoir conquests and kingdom isdoscribed, namely, towards the EaBt, towards the South, and towards the Pleasant Land— i.e., Palestine— and whioh, as Gibbon observes, was the exact course of their conquering oareer. As Gibbon, the great historian, was most opposed to Christianity, his testimony is all the moro valuable. The ninth chapter points out the time of our Saviour com mencing his mission, and the period when the Gospel privileges were offered to tho Gentiles, which was to be seventy weeks, or 490 years. Seven weeks ond sixty-two weeks, that is 483 years, were to elapse from the deoree to restore Jerusalem to the Messiah the Prince; that is, till He assumed His mission. This decree was made in the Beventh year of the reign of Artoxerxes, and a period of 483 years elapsed from tbenoe to the baptism ol Our Saviour, "and after the sixty-two weeks " from the building of the wall by Ezra and Nehemia, &o.;, whioh occu pied tbe first seven weeks or 49 years of tbe 483 years. The Messiah was to be out off, but not for Himself, " and in tbe midst of the week he should cause the oblation and sacrifice to cease, but He Bhonld confirm the covenant with many for one week," which week was the. laBt. seven years of the 490 years. In the midst of this weok, that is after He had proBchsd three years and a half, he was orucified— not on account of anything Ho had done amiss, but as a saorifice for the sins of others, and He confirmed the covenant with the Jews for one week, or seven years, for not till three years and a half after His death, making in all the week or seven years, was the Gospel allowed to be offered to the Gentiles or the apostles commissioned to preach ' to them; and by the sacrifice of Himself He caused the 'sacrifices and oblations of tbe Jewish ritual to oftase and lose their effioaoy. ' The eleventh chapter, whioh abounds in abrupt transitions, and which was written in the first year of the reign of Darius, the Mede, com mences by Btating " there should yet be three kings of Persia, and the fourth should be far rioher than they all, and by his strength— through his riohes— he should stir up all against the realm of Greece." The first three kings were Cambyses, Smerdis, and Darius ; Hystaspis the fourth one. Xerxes, their successor, was famed for his wealth and his invasion of Greece, Bgainst which nation be led four millions of men. Reference is then made in the third and fourth verses to Alexander, and how his dominions were to be divided into four parts, and should not go to bis posterity, whioh they did not, for his sons were murdered. The four generals thus partitioned his Empire among them. Cob- sander sieged Macedonia and Greece ; Antigonus, Asia Minor; Seleucus took Babylon and the Eastern provinces ; and Ptolemy, Egypt and the Western ones, Bat the most powerful and per manent ones were the Syrian kingdom, as it was termed, founded by Seleucus, and the Egyptian established by Ptolemy Sotor. Ab Egypt lay to south, and Syria to the nortb, of Judea, the kings of theso countries are in this chapter termod the kings of the north ond of tho south. The ohief events relating to these aountries, down to their absorption into the Roman Empire, are related in this ohapter from the fifth to the thirtieth verse. Then allusion is made to this Roman power and their conduct, and how God's people should suffer under their tyranny, which they did with short intermissions of rest and peace for nearly three hundred years. The 36th, 37tb, 38tb, and 39th verses revert to the estab lishment and impiouB tyranny of the Greek Church, upheld by the seoular power and Greek Emperors with its gross impiety and its debase ment of Christianity. The fortieth verse points out how, as the time of this Greek power was drawing to a close, the king of the south (the Saraoens) should assail it, and tho king of the north (the Ottomans) should conquer it. It is well known how Mahommed II., the Turkish Sultan, in a.d. 1453 invested Constantinople with an army of 300,000 men, and discovering that a fleet was necessary to its capture, assailed it with 300 vessels, many of whioh were brought overUnd from tbe Propontis bj means of rollers running on a tramway of 'greased planks, and then launohed into the upper end of the inner harbour. Tho Greek Empire was then entirely subdued. Three countries were to escape from the Ottoman rnle, namely, Edom, Moab, and the chief of the children of Ammon. As a matter of history, it is well known that these three small countrios have alwayB been independent of the Turkish yoke. The remaining portion of this ohapter, from the forty-fourth verse and the twelfth chapter, are at present unfulfilled, unless as regards the forty- fourth verse — the last Russo-Turkish war, whioh wob so destrnotive to the Ottoman might, and in which the Turks displayed such remark able fanatioism by the commencement of its ac complishment, for the "Eastern difficulty" arising out of that war, notwithstanding the efforts of the diplomatists, is anything but settled, and the smouldering embers may soon again shoot forth livid flames. The words of the forty-fourth verse are—" But tidings out of the north and out of tho east shall trouble him (i.e., the Turkish Sultan), and he shall go forth with great fury to destroy and utterly to make awoy many." Now, that war commenced by Russia finvading Turkey at Jassey, on the east, and at Ardahnn, on the nortb, which is certainly very remarkable. However, it is quite apparent that the Turks will soon be driven out of Europe, and will make Palestine— if not Jerusalem— their head quarters. The preceding short comment on some of the ohief propheoies affecting the Gentile nations is written for the purpose of enabling Christians to discern the nature of tho times, and that they may participate in the blessings pronounced upon those who may now be expecting our Saviour, and be found upon the " watch; " and many, perhaps, who are now inoredulouB may, on witnessing what will shortly come to pass, call upon the name of the Lord and be saved. Certain it is that the prophecies will shortly bo a great instrument in God's hand to turn many to righteousness with a blessing upon tbe un- folder of prediction and tho converted sinner. And may that blessing attend this exposition. At end of paragraph referring to " thirteenth and fourteenth chapters," which appeared in last issuo, add the words—" It wUl not be until the ' timo times and a half ' that the predic tions contained In the second representation of this chapter will receive complete fulfilment." With respect to comment on tho eleventh chapter of Revelations, tho rcferenco to Isaiah ahonld have been to the forty-third chapter and not to the our U). 