BBOADBRIM'S NE~W YOEK LSTTEB. "We can't all be prettr, jet most of us might be a great deal better looking than we are, and I don't know, as .we have to live for a. time at least, that -there is any: special merit in making ourselves as disagreeable and ugly as possible. In what UBed to be Yorkville in the olden time, but which is now an integral portion of the great city of .New York, lived Timothy Grifi&n;, a tailor by trade, & bachelor by choice, and an Irishman by birth. Timothy had two old maids for his neighbors, who owned their own place, and. if not rich, had enough to keep the pot boiling. Timothy's hack fence looked into the the garden of these two. bid ladies, who, being rather reserved in their manners, seemed ix> live only for themselves, and manifested no desire whatever to make the acquaintance of their neighbors. Mr. Griffien felt lonely, and frequently of an even ing when he was taking his after supper smoke, \- it was no unusual thing for. him 10 wander : down to the end of bis own lot, and leaning on the fence, contemplate the pretty garden of his neighbors on . the other side. Occa sionally. he would surprise Miss Melinda Negley or MIbs Feliciana Negley, training the vines or watering the marigolds and bach elor's buttons. His " good day " and " fine weather" were thrown away on Miss Melinda and Miss Feliciana, for they never turned their heads, nor gave him any more attention than if he had been a wooden sign outside a segar store. Many a man .can bear being kicked with a good deal of equanimity. Men have been knocked down, and have been known not to resent it ; but it is not in flesh and blood to stand being treated with silent contempt. Timothy QriSen was flesh and blood, and Irish flesh and Mood at thatj and when the blood of the Griffon's was roused— whoop—look out! At first he contented him self with throwing atones at their favorite cat whenever she took a nocturnal roost upon the fence, and then, emboldened by'immunity from punishment, he climbed over the fence one night, wrapped up in a sheet, and flat tening his nose against the window-pane, cried out "boo-hoo." Miss Feliciana was Just in the act of raising a cup of tea to her lips, when Bhe caught sight of this horrible Irish, apparition out. in the garden. She gave a wild scream, and falling back in a faint, kicked over the table, on which was a kerosene lamp, which exploding, set fire to the house, and it was with extreme diffi culty that Miss Melinda and Mass Feliciana were rescued from the flames. To the credit of Mr. Griffon be it recorded, that when he saw the misohief he had done he did not run away, as most people would have done under ., the circumstances, but with the gallantry of a tme Irishman, and quite unmindful of the personal nsk, he. rushed into the burning house, seized Miss Melinda, who laid motion less on the floor, and wrapping the sheet round her, with, which he had played the ghost, he carried her out in his manly arms. Miss Felioiana followed screaming. The neighbours were aroused, the fire engines arrived; but not before the fire had gained such headway that the Negley homestead, was reduced to a heap of ashes. Mr. Grilfen now lies in jail, to await the result of a future inves tigation. The most serious question which at present exercises the community, is whether to give him a gold medal for. saving Miss Filieiana's life, or tend him to. the Peniten tiary for burning down the houBe. The question is a difficult one to settle, and the only way I can see out of it for Mr. Griffen, is to marry both sisters, and thus destroy the witnesses of his guilt. It is a wonderful thing to say that New York is full " chock a block," but it is. You might possibly find standing room in Central Park, or get a seat on the grass at Madison Square ; but as for respectable hotel accom modation, it is not to be had for love or money, and the extra rush can only be accounted fair in the following manner: A few years ago our people got crazy about having quiet homes in the country, fresh air, milk, and eggs, trees and flowers, communion with nature, and all that sort of thing. Countiy cottages went up like mushrooms, railroad cars went loaded, with the seekers after rural delights. But after a time thy found that the cows ran dry, and the hens would n't lay, railroad trains were delayed, and servants would not stay; and finally, sick at heart with their rural experience, they come back to New York, perfectly satisfied with a French .Flat and modern conveniences. Of course this means the church, the opera, the theatre, lectures, concerts, suppers at Delmo nico's or the Brunswick, hot and cold water on eveiy floor, and your washing done out. Besides our native population, we have a tremendous lot of outsiders, though eveiy year it gets more, difficult to tell a New Yorker who has been abroad from a foreigner. If it is a man, he generally comes back with a regular " haw haw, -God bless me" sort of style, and as he usually gets one of those abominable straight-breasted coats before he leaves London, and contrives to squeeze himself into a pair of pants about two sizes too small for him; this, with one of. those miserable insignificant little, hats stuck on the side of his bullet head, completes a costume, which for ridiculous absurdity, has had no parallel on this side of the water, unless it be found in the wardrobe of his wife or his sister, or hiB aunt. What acharm ing thing! to appear like those beautiful pictures that you see in the magazines; with the waist away up under the arms, and the skirt gathered in in multitudinous pleats behind, l'k" a salt sack, while the loose flow ing hair is surmounted by one of those lovely cottage bonnets, which look like an .inverted coal-scuttle; and don't let me forget the handkerchief abont the neck, bearing all the characteristics of the prize ring; surmounting the whole of this extraordinary costume, a bright crimson parasol, and you have a tout ensemble which would make some of our old Knickerbockers open their eyes if they could T'-ma from their graves and visit,.us again. Hut the " woods are full of 'em," you keep running against those American-Anglos eveiy step you j take, so that I frequently forget that I am in New York, and think I am transported to Botten Bow or the Champs Elysees, instead of my own native land. This has been an exceedingly lively week. The ball opened, as you might say, on Mon day, when we discovered that the celebration of the previous Lord's day had been en- : livened by the. cutting and slashing of a : round half dozen of our Irish fellow citizens at a dinner up town. . Two of them are ex pected to die, and a couple more, if they survive, will be disfigured for live. All day Monday the oity was a blaze of excitement on account of the great Republican procession, ' which took place on Monday night. The in terest of the prooession centred in General Grant, who, with a number of distinguished visitors, reviewed it from a stand in Madison square. In point of numbers and beauty it exceeded anything of the kind seen in New York for years; and, notwithstanding the immense numbers engaged in it, and the < brilliant display of fireworks, the accidents were-insignificant, and the general good order maintained .was as gratifying ]as it was re mar able. Hie hand-writing is on the wall, unless some different method of. signals is adopted -from those now in use on our elevated roads, that the day is not far qff when an accident will occur which will shroud this entire city in mourning, before which the calamity on Tay Bridge will be dwarfed. We have had a number of minor warnings,. but as they "only: cost one or two lives, they seem to have passed unheeded. But on Monday the escape was k> narrow, that the public must be awake to the jeopardy they incur. Owing to a heavy fog, a train was delayed a couple of minutes, having dashed into a train ahead of it. Another train , was following, and: dashed into the eecond,killing the. engineer, and severely wounding the fireman. . That, the train was not dashed into iihe street, and all the passengers killed was a miracle. If such an accident had: occurred to one of the heavily loaded trains in the afternoon or evening, the loss o£ life would have been frightful. We may wake up some fine morning to find that rapidjtransit haabeen very dearly purchased. We have the promise of a brilliant season. The opera will undoubtedly be the finest New York has .ever seen. Onr churches,; too, are not going to let the devil have it all his own way; and the old man will have to keep his weather eye open. while Talmage " holds the fort." " Be sober, be vigilant, because your adver sary the devil, as a roaring lion, goefch about seeking whom he may devour." If Bob Ingersoll, or anybody else, disbelie ves in a personal devil, let him come here to New York, and if, after six months residence here at the metropolis of the nation, he does not go back home fully convinced that the old man is around, hoofs, tail, horns and all, then nothing short of first class miracle will ever convert that poor benighted sinner. This week he appears to have devoted his at tention almost exclusively to women, and, I regret to add, with a success only begot of long experience with the fairer and weaker sex. I don't mean to assert that my own gender has escaped is polite attention, but I do assert that between the three they have made things exceedingly lively during the past week. I don t know who the first fellow was who Tan away with sombody's wife, ami as it occurred same time -ago, and -most of the actors hare retired from business, it is not nearly of as much consequence as the last . fellow who tbis week walked off, or ran off, or sailed off with the wife: of a. very worthy man, and the mother of three lovely children In several of my letters I have | remarked bow ttbings seem to .go in streaks i or batches. Sometimes it is murders, some | times suicides, sometimes steamboat burnings or explosions, and At other times railroad disasters. . This week it has taken a startling, though by no means novel turn, and the sensations of the hour have been runaway daughters and runaway wives. I can fully appreciate the triumphant remark of Sir Jlarcourt, when speaking of the. escapade of the first Lady Courely, " She did not insult me by running away with a d—d ill- looking sceundrel. I had the satisfaction of knowing that he was. the handsomest- man of -his time." of Fifth Avenue; had no such consolation, for Mrs. M. not only abandoned her husband, who is a gentleman, and three lovely little children, but she also left behind a beautiful home in the fashionable centre of our city, to follow the fortunes of an ostler who, when he gets tired of her, will ( beat ber and kick herj a fellow whose brutal instincts will undoubtedly .teach him- to ■ regard her as infinitely below thianimals, among whom his life has been passed. No sadder case than the one of which I am: speaking has occurred in New York for years.. The woman is young, beautiful, and highly.; accomplished ; her three children beautiful and good; all that a mother's heart could hope or wish; and yet, in an evil hour, she ' abandoned them all. ...tor an ignorant brute, whose life had been ' passed in the atmosphere of a stable, and who seemed to lack every quality which would be likely to captivate a beautiful and cultured: woman. Verily, " our enemy, the devil, as a roaring lion, goeth about seeking whom he may devour." I can imagine the wicked varlet i licking his chops, when he got such a dainty I morsel as this, though the probability of his I going hungry for want of this kind of fodder, [ seems very remote indeed. Ahother case, ex ' ceedingly unfortunate, though not quite so distressing, occurred in another rich family, which rejoiced in a lovely and accomplished daughter. The girl was hardly eighteen, and making the acquaintance of a gentleman (as she supposed) at a party a few weeks ago, she ! at once became desperately smitten with bim. It was in vain that her Mends urged cantion, and that her father and mother refused their consent to the sudden proposition ofmarriage. Determined not to be thwarted in her loTe, she fled at night from ber father's house, was married to the man of her choice "who* took her to New York, robbed her of what monay and jewels she poBsesssed, and then abandoned her in this great pandemonium to peria'i. For tunately she fell into good hands, and was restored to her home, but there are thousands and thousands who are not so fortunate; who lured to ruin, sink out of sight among rocks aud quicksands, never to be heard of again. While speculating on the probability of a personal devil, I am inclined to think that j the Esquimaux are right, and that his resi dence is somewhere in the vicinity of the 1 North Pole. No one was prepared -for winter, our heavy overcoats and flannels were ail stowed away, and no one thought of look ing them up for two or three weeks at least, wheu the polar wave struck us on Tuesday, and the number of sealskin sacques that appeared upon the streets was marvellous to behold. Dainty dames who sallied out in their summer dimity, shivered and shook like aspen leaves, while the lucky possessors of double ulsters and camel's hair shawls had reason to congratulate themselves on their foresight, as they defied the wintry blasts. It may be possible that there are pleasant days in store for us, but it now looks as if the winter would be of such a character that we shall have no more corners on ice for some months to come. Ducks and drakes in the Stock market. Kiting is the order of the day. A Btock starts at 90 on the first call; about noon it takes a rise; an hour after it goes up like a balloon, and no sooner does it reach a decent elevation an<1 all the flatB are caught, , then some one gives it a black eye, and away it .goes " down among the dead men." It has been a game of pitch and toss all the week, the brokers being the only ones who have made anything. Everybody swears that stocks are away up,{and that any moment we may look for a break. I don't profess to be wise beyond my generation, but for my life I cannot see why there should be any serious break. Every one seems to have money. All legitimate kinds of business ap pears to have plenty of capital; and, as Government bonds only bring 4 per cent., capital is looking for outlets. If it cannot find avenues of regular trade, it will go to gambling*; and the advantage of Wall-street is that a man can go a few points, more or less, on Erie, Rock Island, Central New Jersey or Western Uuion, without having his respectability called in question, or wi^rjfiping his standing in the church. The first night of the opera was an ovation to Gerster such as is seldom accorded to a singer or player in New Qork; but the mem bers of Her Majesty's Opera appear to have walked into the affections of our -respectable Knickerbockers, and fhey are not only pro fessional bat social successes. Dr. Holm, whp thinks it a very great sin to sing " Yankee Doodle," or even to fiddle the Arkansas Traveller, is not .likely to reap a very healthy crop from such a field of sinful tares, and if he ever gets time to stop groan ing over the wickedness of the world, I would commend him to peruse that- admirable French contribution, entitled "The Man who Laughs." We are now beginning to feel the effects of our immense crops. Huge elevators are going up on every hand, and in Brooklyn we have one of the largest in the world. The prognostics of those who thought that Baltimore, and other minor cities, were going to take-the carrying trade from Jfew York, will hare .to wait a few hundred. years. 