A DAIRK-i STOF.RY CHAPTER XII. PASSING Swiftly from her room, Gertrude fluttered along first one and then another of the dreary passages which everywhere honeycombed the old Abbey. At last she came to a broad flight of stone steps, up which she crept trembling, to find herself in the long vaulted corridor, at the end of which was her father's sleeping-room. Trembling-yet she was in her own home beneath her own roof-trembling and afraid. About her hung the shadow of a fear; a sense of mystery her spirit daunted and said as plain as whisper in the ear, "the place is haunted I " Haunted I-not so much by ghosts of the past as by the living terrors of the present. The subtle Doctor Malyon, with his oily laugh and constant rubbing of the soft hands; the lawyer Rookwood, whom she had ever hated, she knew not why; Benjamin Dark- noll, the man with the gleaming eyes and low, musical voice; and that cruel em bodiment of all that was mean and selfish, her brother Philip. But, above all, the poor child hated and feared the nurse from London; that diminutive watcher of the sick, who, so still and silent, so pallid in feature and cold in manner, seemed to Gertrude's tel-rified imagination a herald of death itself. There was light everywhere outside the Abbey; there was coldness and darkness everywhere within. The long conidor, with its deep, embrasured windows, was full of gloom, the little of sunlight that forced its way through the painted glass only thickening and deepening the shadows as it sprinkled with fantastic dashes of colour the dark, oak floor. The solemn painted men and women on the walls, who looked out from worm-eaten frames, were gradually peeling away into nothingness - the hand of time treating them with as little ceremony as it had treated their originals. On the floor were suits of rusty armour standing stiffly against the walls, upheld by more ironwork inside, each holding a long lance, from whlich dropped what once had been asilkenpennon, but now looked as if the old knight had been fishing in a ditch and brought up the raggedest of handkerchiefs left by some travelling tramp. Very curious to contemplate are the rusty suits of armour in an old place like this -these cages of steel and iron which heretofore contained hawks of so fierce a breed. Here is one, once black, now red with rust, which might well be blood if all the tales be true concerning the gentleman who wore it. Cobwebs droop from the helmet, cling to the bars of the vizor, and festoon the lance; cobwebs lie thick upon each excrescence of the old wanior's lobster-like shell; they even adorn the gauntlets and swing loose from the wicked looking spikes on the knees-spikes which make one doubt the stories of armed knights going down upon their marrow-bones at sight of theirlady-love; for if this old fellow, to wit, had performed such an act, he would have gone into the ground like a dibber, and, without assistance, have never got up again. There is something grim and awful in this figure of a man encased in a shroud of cobweb, from which it looks out like some gigantic species of horrible fly-a tortured creature with but one resurrection to look forward to-the housemaid's broom. It was close to this grisly panoply, which had in bygone times contained an ancestor, that Gertrude paused in dismay. The distant door of her father's room opened and two persons came cautiously out. ishe recognised them at once as Rockwood and Darlkoll. I3oth were in earnest conversation, spealking with bent heads and in eager whispers. fler heart gave a leap. As yet neither had perceived her. Anything to avoid them-anything. On they came, still speaking in whispers -Darknoll's hand upon Rockwood's arm; the latter listening somewhat impatiently; and as they neared her, Gertrude fancied she caught her own name. She drew back instinctively, careless of everything but discovery, for a feeling of dread was upon her, for Which she could not account. Between the mailed figure and the wall there was a space of some two or three feet, into which she noiselessly crept. Crouched lp against the wall, in the dark shadow cast by tie bulky old warrior's figure -for we really must identify him-that is to say, put him bodily back into his black red-rusty casing-Gertrude held her breath, fearful that the very beatings of her heart might be heard by the sharp ears of the men who were now within almost an arm's length of her. But the hawk for once protected the dove -a little unconsciously perhaps-and the knight, with lance menacingly upraised, kept watch and ward over the maiden. Standing on tiptoe, she peeped through the bars of the vizor and nearly dropped back fainting as she did so. " Stop-stop for a moment, Matthew ! " said the voice of Darknoll. " Ve are more private here I " The men had paused so close to where she was hidden that the elbow of Rockwood might have brushed a cobweb from the arm of her ancestor. "I tell you, Darknoll, that you may look upon Sir Hugh as already dead, and it isfor you to see that Philip takes the requisite action." "I am losing my hold on Philip," said the old man, sadly. "And I am tightening minel" was Roekwood'i sneering reply. " The only thing now that troubles me is the business about the will." "It is still my belief the woman is mis taken," observed Darknoll. "While my belief is just the contrary. At any rate we cut the Gordian knot at once. This infernal old place is getting too hot for us; people will begin to inquire. Why, it was only yesterday that I heard that ass Bowlby eulogizing his dear friend and brother the great Dr. Malyon, from London, in the coffee-room at Tetbury, a town near Dripsey, in the hearing of a lot of commercial travellers." "And what harm ?" "Who can say? Why those fellows from mere force of habit take nothing for granted; their only Bible is the Post-office Directory, as their prayer-book is the interesttables. They run to it for every thing. A murmur of suspicion, a hint of inquiry, and every bagman who had heard his name would make it his duty to hunt the great Dr. IMalyon. Not that I see any danger as yet, and Gertrude once and for ever out of the way, leave me to deal with the will business should a will tmurn up. "A hard fate for the poor child," mur mured the old lodge-keeper, in his softest and most musical tones. "But then, Philp- " "Yes, yes, I know! " interrupted the lawyer, impatiently; "we are deeply inter ested in Philip-myself for one. The thing we have to do admits of no delay." He had resumed his walk as he spoke. "A better-conceived plan was never hit upon; besides, I'd sacrifice a dozen Gertrudcs if they stood in my way and what I value most' in the world- pounds, shillings, and pence. In the battle of life some one must' go down, and better a woman than a man." With this gallant speech, Matthew Rock wood was passing on when his fellow-scoun drel again placed his lean fingers on his arm and said in his silvery voice, "How about this fellow-this swaggering, bull necked fellow with the blue jisark on his face? " " What, Powder Blue ? " "Yes. Can you trust him with such a secret ? He seems a lowruffian-bhalf man, half brute." Rockwood laughed.: "He's all that and a great deal more added; but he's a safe man when he works with or for ine. He knows that I've a halter locked up in case of emergency in my desk at home that would fit the bull neck you speak of to a nicety. Go where he will, the shadow of the gallows is upon him. He'll be faithful, never fear. He may tear others, but he won't tear me. He has as much of the dog about him as that, at least." "Good-very good," said the lodge keeper; he ought to have said, "Bad-very bad." "And this woman with the red eyes -you're quite sure, MIatthew ?" "Bahl I" and the lawyer was turning away almost angrily-" Malyon answers for her and I answer for Malyon. She's gone into Dripsey, but will be back in an hour; so. if you want any more information you can get it out of her yomrself. Ha, hal I You're a cunning old fellow, Daddy, but there are some corks which even you can't draw, and it strikes me that Mrs. Prudence is one of them. A question on my part. When did that pretty girl, Rose Ayliffe, die ?" "Four days ago-of consumption. She was the school teacher, witli many friends, but no relatives." "Yes, yes. We know all that; but time flies; and femember, Daddy, that all our fortunes may depend upon the opening of a coffin-lid." What more was said Gertrude could not catch, though she strained her ears with an agonised curiosity, sharpened by terror. They must have quitted the gallery some minutes before poor Gertrude, whohad been clinging on to the rusty mail of her an cestor to save her from falling, found enough strength, to say nothing of courage, to come from her hiding-place. Even when she did, and moved onwards towards her father's door, it was with steps so weak and faltering that as she slowly progressed she clung to object after object or supported herself by an outstretched hand against the wall. In the coniversation she had just over heard what a confirmation of her worst fears That her father's life was talked of by these men as a thing almost of the past; that some dreadful conspiracy was on foot against herself in which even Philip was taking a part, a plot that was to take effect immediately after the death of Sir Huglh a death which all now said was at hand. Was it takinug life they meditated ? She thought of the ruffian, Powder Blue, the man with the mark upon his cheek, whlose face she had not forgotten-could not forget-though she had only seen it once, while saying good-by to Eveeard Corbett. Everard! 01 if he were but near her, or if she couldbut writs to him-write to him words she dare not speak to another I But, alals I even to write was impossible, for by this time Evemrrd Corbett was on shipb'oard'aud far outeit sea. " The reotor I Yes; she had written to him. He would come, she knew, would see her; but how much of what she had heard dare she tell ? She was well aware of the kind-hearted clergyman's simple, easy-going character. And when it came to facts, what facts where they that she could point to and say that and these support this and that terrible surmise ? She felt a net being drawn swiftly but surely around her; that its meshes had been carefully prepared, and that unless a strong effort were now made, ere long escape would be impossible. Yet the story told, who would believe her-who would not laugh and treat it as some freak of an imagination excited by fear and weakened by illness? What was she to do ? What could she do ? Alas ! who would save her? Upon one thing she was resolved - to see Sir Hugh at once and judge for herself of his state. Theihorrible nurse was absent, but she heard the lawyer say she would return in an hour. There was no time to lose. She was already at the door of her father's room. It is locked, but the key is in the lock. It is evident that one or otler of the conspirators had forgotten to remove it in his preoccupation. Gertrude turns the key, pushes the door silently open, crosses the threshold with a beating heart, and full of a strong deter mination stands in her father's room. oCHArER XVIII. Without pausing to do more than cast a hurried glance around to be sure that with the exception of the invalid she was alone, Gertrude made at once for the bed, and pulling aside the heavy curtains glanced: down upon its tenant. Sir Hugh was sleep ing, or rather his eyes were closed, sunk, apparently in a dull torpor far more akin to death than sleep. Changed-fearfully changed-even since the short time when Gertrude had seen him last. The whole face was shrunken and contracted to that degree that the features themselves appeared to have altered as to be scarcely recognisable to other eyes than those of love or hate. The sunken temples, the cavernous eye sockets, and livid cheeks, all spoke but one word, and that word was-death I Poor, poor Gertrude I The hot tears rained from her eyes as she stooped over the corpse-like man and kIrissed the pale lips and thin hands- skeleton hands they were-that rested immovable on the coverlet of the bed. "Papa I my own dear papa I wake, up, dear, and look at me. See, it is your own Gertrude who has come to see you-Ger trude who is once more here, papa I " But no answer came. Could it be that he was indeed dead 9 and those two men knew it when they left the room? Maddened-by this thought and herfather's impassibility, Gertrude threw herself across the bed and besought him again and again to speak to her, if but for a moment. She knew that time Wvas flying fast, that each second she might be disturbed and the woman with the red-eyes return. Yet-to all her entreaties no answer came from Sir Hugh. . . She: zatelied. i. small hand-glass from the table'ind, held it over his mouth. A faint blur upon its brightness showed that breath Was there-that the sick man still lived. "Papal .dear papa I " This time the heavy eyelid slig~itly" opened, and were closing again; but she seized both his hands in hers, and bent down over him until her lips touched his ear. " My own dear papa " Slowly the lids opened more and more, and the mournful, desolate eyes gazed up wards into her young face. " Gertrude I " he said, in a voice so low that she had to bend heir ear to his lips to catch the words he uttered,-" Gertrude I why I thought that you were dead." "' Dead I " " Surely they told me so; or didI dream it ? " " They told you so, I am sure." "But why, when you are living, my own darling ?--and," here he raised with a seem ing difficulty one of his thin hands, and stroked her soft, silky hair-" as beautiful as ever." She nnswered him with a burst of tears. "They are bad peoplewho are abdut you, papa; all bad people I " She said this with great vehemence. The baronet looked at her with a puzzled look. "Well, yes," he said, "perhaps so; there are bad people everywhere. I have been a bad man myself." "Hush i" "But had it been given me to live, I would have striven to have become a better, far better man, for your sake, Gerty, for yours I " Again he stroked her hair, and looked with all a father's tenderness into her face. Suddenly his tone changed to one ofgreat anxiety, and he asked, "how is it the rector has not come ? I have business of import ance which I can entrust to none but him. I have sent messageafter message." "By whom ?" " O, by a dozen people-that is by Mal yon the doctor, by Darknoll, and by that queer red-eyed little woman, who is kind ness itself, and such a capital nurse." "Those messages have never been de livered." " Why not? "asked the sick man, queru lously." "Because," cried Gertrude, with a burst of passion altogether unusual to her, "be cause, as I say, they are all bad people, wicked people, who are here to pillage and destroy." She no sooner uttered the words than she would have given much to have recalled them. By a violent effort of will the Baronet pushed'her away, and partially raised him self up in the bed. "Pillage and destroy I Who are the ene mies you speak of? " Gertrude was frightened, but she had learnt the value of' time, and went on quickly, "Two left this room bht a quarter of an hour ago-Mr. Rockwood and Benja min Darknoll." "I Mr Rockwood Why,; it is youi, Gerty, who are dreaming now; no one wams here but Darknoll. I had to speak to him of of-business concerning Philip," lhe spoke in a low voice, and said the last word in a sort of gasp. "Philip-my son. " Dear papa, I declare to you that Mat thew Pockwood quitted this room in com pany with Darknoll about a quarter of an hour ago. I saw them. I was in the corridor." A strange look passed across the bar onet's face, a look of blended rage and fear. "My God I and Darknoll told me that the lawyer and Philip-he, that graceless boy's adviser, not mine- were in London. You are sure, Gertrude ?" "I saw them come out of this room together. I was hidden, and I heard them talk--0, so dreadful I " She raised her hands involuntarily to her ears ; she did so with a shudder, as shutting out what she had heard. Sir Hugh gazed fixedly at his daughter, with a look that was full of tenderness and pity. " Gertrudo, Philip has been a bad, avery bad son to me. I fear he may prove, the power given him, a worse brother to you." Gertrude was silent. "I have taken means to prevent it, and it is for that I would see Francis Mlildmay -an honest and a just man, whose nature once roused to some good work, would not neglect it. To think,"- and with a mind now evidently wandering, he pressed his hand wearily to his heart, and fell back on his pillow-" to think that Darknoll should be here," he pointed to where Gertrude was standing, " and that villain Rockwood-for I know him well- hiding there,"-then he pointed to the thick and close-drawn cur tains at the foot of the bed--" listening, plotting, and taking notes. But I have yet breath enough left to speak, yet life enough left to act I " With difficulty, with extreme difficulty, though fondly assisted by his daughter's twining arms, Sir Hugh again rose into a sitting posture. "Is Philip here ? Gertrude, I am your father, and demand the truth." She answered quietly, but firmly, "Philip is here." The baronet throw up his arms with a sort of wailing cry. " And Darknoll read me a letter received by him this morning from London, whither he said Philip had hurried back to see a sick mother, possibly like myself, on the brink of death." "His mother t Philip's mother I" and Gertrude gazed at Sir Hugh in alarm, for she thought that his mind was again wandering; adding, with a sad smile, "surely, papa, Philip's mother cannot live if mine is dead ? " There was a pause, a pause of deep emotion on the part of the man --of astonish ment and perplexity on the part of the girl. The silence was broken by the man. "Diana Darknoll is Philip's mother I " The bent head of the baronet was hidden in his hands, and there was another great silence in the room. He sobbed aloud, and shook like-well, what simile is it worth seeking to find ?-he shook like a dying man, who, looking back into the dark vista of the past, repents too late the evil he has done. Then a terrible change came over the baronet. "I see it all," he said-" all I all I Dark noll's watchful vigilance; this woman with me day and night; my own daughter kept aay frbmo;.. me;. lRoekwood hero, unan nounced to me; and my own son, the rogue and liar, playing into their hands I " Stretching out his arms, he strained his daughter in a convulsive embrace. "It is not only my life, but yours, they aim at I May heaven pity and protect you, my child, my child I " Both understood each other-both had divined the wicked'truth. Gertrude only wept, but raising his clenched hands, the baronet swore that neither Philip. nor any of his base kin should hold the broad lands of Went worth. The before pale face was flushed with anger, the eyes blazed, the brows knitted, and the lips fiercely quivered. Gertrude shrunk from him, his rage was so ex treme. "Don't go I don't move I A hand is on me that no man can resist, but I will do justice before I go. It is a secret that will put them all at defiance. You shall rule over them, Gertrude, as it is your right to rule-the ungrateful curs I have enriched by my bounty, and who creep and crawl, and snap at the hand that has fed them I I know them, and of what they are capable;but in the very moment of their anticipated triumph, my revenge is at hand. It was to do justice to you, my child, to protect you, that I sent for MIildmay. He is not here, and"-he stopped for some seconds gasping for breath, his one hand on his daughter's aim, the other pressed convulsively over his heart-"and the secret, the grand secret, must be made known to you." He drew her towards, him and kissed hei several times. " My will is made, my own darling I " he said, in an exulting whisper. "For your sakeo I have written the truth, as it was my duty to do; not a point is wanting, and my fortune, estates, my name, all are yours I " The girl sprang from the bedside in alarm. "O" she cried;. "I hear footsteps in the corridor I They are coming --I know it, I feel it I O, papal dear papa protect me, foir I dread these people. I pray for courage to rise against them, and yet I am afraid ! " She again retreated to Sir Hugh's side, her heart wildly beating, her eyes distended like those of a frightened fawn. She felt that' some awful change was at hand-as yet, she knew not what. The change was not long in coming. Her eyes, before riveted on the door, from behind which the sounds proceeded, turned upon her father, and she cried aloud in great terror, "what is it ? What do you see ? " Sir Hugh, now as conscious as his daugh terof tlhe approach of danger had torn the curtaifis aparton the opposite side, of the bed to that on .which Gertrude stood, and wildly gesticulating, was pointing to the wall-the dark, oak-padolled wall, enriched with quaint carvings, but no other adorn ments. " The will! " he cried-" the will I Your only hope is there ! "-tise hand that was still pointing into space fell heavily to his side-" Gortrudo, I am dying I " lIe fell backwards, and his head rested on her shoulder. " Gertrude, my daughter-I am dying!" She looked into his face, and screamed aloud. It was the scream that had startled the rector and Malyon in the housekeeper's room. To this house of shadows another shadow was added - Sir Hugh Wentworth was dead I cnArTEa Xi. Mrs. Prudence was the first to ester the chamber of death, closely followed by Rock wood and Darknoll. Then that worthy woman cast bonnet and shawl aside, and set about making herself useful. With a strength wonderful for one of her size and appearance, she raised the tall, lithe form of Gertrude from tie bed and placed her in a large reclining chair in one corner of the room-a corner removed as far as possible from the door, for noise-so Mrs. Prudence said-would be absolutely dangerous; and what Mrs. Prudence said was gospel in a sick room. As she carried her burden to the chair, Rockwood and Darbnoll stooped over the bed. " Sir Hugh is gone I " said the cynical lawyer. "IHe has topped his last fence tlhe fence that separates this world from kingdom come. Wiho knows,"-and he turned carelessly away, trimming his pink finger-nails with a small ivory knife-" but, by this time, he has found out le ransd penst erre (the great perhaps) ?-a discovery we shall all make some day or other." His brutal cynicism shocked even hls confederate; and Darknoll turned to the bed to contemplate the body of the man who had been his master. Mr. Rockwood, acquainted with many forms of death in his time, glanced about him, as usual, in a light and airy way, and might, possibly, have been caught humming the snatch of a song, had not the rector, in company with Dr. Malyon, entered the ,room. They were closely followed by Mrs. Bleek, who, prepared for any horror thist might occur, stood expectant just within the door way. " Close the door I " said the rector; and Mrs. Bleek hastily obeyed, jamming two of her fingers in the process. "Well, Dr. Malyon?"-and the rector, in a low voice, addressed that eminent practitioner as he rose from bending over the figure on the bed. Dr. Malyon made a slight gesture with upraised hands, dropping them immedi ately. The gesture was understood. " My services are no longer of use here," said the doctor, in a whisper. "Let me see to the young lady. Poor child! He must, so to speak, have died in her arms. The shock must have been tremendous. " It had been so tremendous that Gertrude, white as a figure of marble, remained, in spite of the excess of care shown by Mrs, 'Prudence, rigid as one in catalepsy. " No danger, I hope 2 " asked the rector, with an anxious, pale face. The examination was careful, and when *the doctor looked up, his face, too, was very grave-very grave indeed. " She must at once be removed to her room. Quiet, perfect'quiet, is what she will require. The slightest noise or disturbance, and "-here he made the same gesture with his hands which the rector had found so painfully suggestive-" I will not answer for the consequences." Taking, the rector by the buttonhole a little aside, he said, 'with 'increased solemnity, " this is a case I would not like to face alone-so young, and' the life so precious I Bowlby must be sent for." " By all means, since you wish it," ejacu lated the thoroughly alarmed and utterly be wildered Francis Mildmay. "Would you like any other doctors? I'll telegram to London-I'll send for them all I" " No, no'!" smiled Malyon, goodhumour ediy; " but in such a case as this I should wish the family doctor to be with me. I told you what a sudden shock might pro duce on so excitable a nature, and behold a sad verification ofmy prediction. She must be kept from all outer influences, such as too much talk, or other causes of disquiet. Mrs. Prudence is here, and in face of this terrible event I would suggest that Miss Wentworth be at once conveyed to her roCertainly," said the rector; " this is no place for her, poor child I" Gertrude was conveyed from the death chamber, tenderly carried by the domestics, and Mrs. Bleek was following, wringing lher hands and moaning, when the doctor quietly but firmly interposed. "I think not ?" he said, and glanced in quiringly at the rector. " Decidedly not," was the prompt reply. " Where quiet is necessary, I feel sure my dear young friend could not be in better hands than this good lady's;" and he waved his hand to Mrs. Prudence, who bobbed the demurest of curtsies. " It shall be as you say," said Doctor Mel yen. "Mrs. Prudence, you will not leave Miss Wentworth's side, night or day; while my friend Mrs. Bleek will remain here to'do the last offices to 'the late head of this ancient house. Do you take snuff, Mr. Mildmay 2" The rector, who was almost ready to cry, never required a pinch more, and with a heavy weight at his heart he retired with that charming man, the doctor, into an embrasure of the window. Ais he did so, Mrs. Prudence approached Rockwood, holding a crumpled paper in her hand. "This dropped from the parson's pocket," she said, " as he leant over the bed. I put my foot upon it before any other eyes than mine could see it." Rockwood read the paper eagerly. It was the pencilled note which the rector had re ceived that morning from Gertrude Went worth. " We were not a bit too soon," he said, looking that placid lady in 'the face. " More likely too late. Your game at present is only. half played, Mr. Rock wood !" CIL5.PTER XX. From Eveorard Corbett Esq., on board H.?!. ship Hyacinthl, to tho Rlev. Francis Miildway, Drip; soy Bridge, -, England. nMr Drn BFANKe, Ha! ha I I can Ie as familiar as I like now, with out fear of a dictionary or one of those stupid old classics being flung at my head. I can callyou Frank, and I will call you Frank, my dear, dear friend and tutor, for Frank you are by name, and frank you are by nature. Want of respect I What nonsenso! I not only respect you, but everything you talo a delight in fishling, for instance; and, by tohe way, owe caught a shark the othler day, such a stunner l He was caught withl a piece of porkl and a large meot-hoolk. Mliy oyol didn't I think of you when the sailors hauled him up, and iheo lay clashling his jaws and flapping his lsugo tail about on deck. I don't mean, of course, that yout are in the labit of clashing your jaws and flapping your tail about; but what I do mean is, how you would have enjoyed the fishing I It's something like sport, isn't it, when the chap you're pulling at may at any time get his pull of you, and snap your leg off before you can say Jack Robinson--that is, if it did occur to any one to en deavour to say Jack lobinson under such circum stances ? The sea about hlero is as full of shadrks as Lincoln's Inn of lawyers. I can see their nasty back fits above tihe water gliding about everywhere. But tile sharks ashore I--tlhey beat overything I've ever met with, and hlave nearly cleared me out, buying things for dear friends in England. By the ship that brings this you will receive, oh, such a pipe I just tho sort of thing 1've hIeard you wish for-all tassel and net.work, beads and golden fringo,-a jolly pipe that no fellow could fall asleep over without dreaming of foreign lands, palm trees, the desert, roving gentlemen with coffoer coloured mttugs, camels, tents, and all that sort of thing. I hlave also sent you a slap-up collection of. native manufalctures, peaceflul and warlike, to adorn the walls of the little smoking-parlour and assist you on your travels withl tihe pipe. I don't warrant their being quite the real thing, tehough the chap of a Jew I bought them of did upon the united beards of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. He's a Milalteso, and such a clover fellow I The other day I caught him with a file aed a gravingtool, makling a native shield out of an old saucepan-.lid. But what does it matter? As the dear old marchioness says, "if yenou make believe very much," it's all the same thing in the long run. Talking of rogues naturally reminds me of Poter Applethwaito. I've sent a whlolo heap of tthings for him, if you'll kindly give tlhem to hlim with my love, besides a magnificent collar for nummaiger. Ah, Peter! if all tle rogues were likeoyou the world would fall out withl honesty. Don't I wish I was at Dripsey now, seated beside the dimpling brookl in the cool shadle of the pleasant trees, withll tihe belst of tutors and kindest of friends by my side, quoting old Izaak Walton, while Peter stands grinninig Iehintd screwing the rods together and preparing tihe flies. But whant is the good of wishling ? HIero I am, writinlg this under a broiling sun, so lhot that the ink blisters my fingers, whichl, in their turn, scorch tihe paper. How is Sir Hugh ? Has he recovered from his nad accident? Does anybody talk about mo ? Does anybody miss mo beiside yourself and Poter? . Have you given up disputing with mighty Nimirod, the hunter, and do you visit once more at thie Abbey, as you promised me you would do ? 0 I my dear, dear friend, please write; I am dying with imlpatience to know all about overythling. It was all gloom and sadness when I loft; and even whlile I write hero, in the dazzling sunshline, a cold chill creeps into my heart. I know not whly, and the shadow of some coming sorrow falls dark across my paper. I must confide in some one, asid of course whlat otler could that some one be but you? Of course I shall keep the promise I made you to the very lotter, and tell my father all; but separation has made my fatheer strange to me, and it is withl fear and trembling I shall await the result. How different was my feeling when, with my own dear Gertrude's permnission, I opened my heart to you i Ispoke, she spoke, we both spoke, and thoughi you loolked rather scared at first and lectured us in your severest pulpit tone as a couple of children, a couple of fools, your heart soon relented; you took the children under your care, and pitying the folly, pardoned the fools. Who could help falling in love with Gertrudo? You were in love with her, I know; so was Peter; so was Rummager; so was every man and woman in Dripsey and Wentworth. How good she was? She onever crossed a threshold but she didn't bring a blessing, and she never departed without taking one with her. 01 my dear Mr. Mildmay, my dear tutor, my dear Frank-my dear anything that recalls your noble face and kindly smile-I do so love her, so adore her, that to me she seems like some pure angel from heaven, and I a mere creature of earth, born only that I may worship at her feet. If my fathler has but one aim in lifo-as he has often written to me-my happiness, tle will see at once that without Gertrude happiness is utterly impossiblu utterly ! And when you've broken tho matter to Sir fHugh, who always liked me, tiley two will correspond, and everythiing will be put smooth in no time. I am doubly anxious, because, if anything should happoen to Sir IIugh Wentworth, Gertrude's position would become intolerable. You know how lonely a life she has led already, but only think when that odious Philip-bo's a snob, and I hate him--besides, he hates her-takes possession I The Abbey will be no place for her--O! my angell Io enclose you, aos agreed, my first letter to Gertrude unsealed for youer perusal; don't scratch anything out, thlough before you hand it to her, for, I assuro yeou, if you could read my heart--[&sc.;, &o.;, c.]--I would haysve spoken myself to Sir Hugh, but at the very moment the accident occurs, and I'm sure I don't know whty, I am as rigidly excluded from tlhe Abbey as though I were a burglar with an eye to the spoons. I wonder whether that Daddy Darknoll had any idea that I cared for Gertrude. I don't see how he could, as I carefully concealed it-[ho conceal it !]--but the old fox used to laugh quietly to himself whenever I pressed to see Sir HIugh before my departure, and said his orders were imperative. I don't like him any more than I do his precious son-in-law, Mr. Ilockwood. Not that either of them were ever rude to me--quite the other way-but there are some persons whoso civility is more offensive than downright rudeness, and Mr. ,Iatthew dockweood is one of them. Of course as a clerical, you're bound to say it's wrong; I should so like to cane him-and so would you, Parson Frank, and you know it, if you could only get him all alone to yourself in some shady and sequestered nook up river. And now, good, kind friend, good-by! good-byl They are making up tile mail, and I wouldn't miss it for-for-well, never mind how much for l-- I won't miss it; and I am happier, and my heart is lighter to know that I can still grasp your hand through the medium of this sheet of paper [twenty six sheets in all]. Forgive me if I again and again remind you of your promise to seek an opportunity of speaking to Sir Hugh, and of watching over my Gertrudo. O ! if you only could imagine how much I love her I--my soul's idol. Write by overy mail. I won't miss one. It's so jolly to know one isn't forgotten, nor found a grave in the shortness of one's friends' memories. Ailong, long letter, mind-hang the postage i Yours ever affectionately, EEunanD COnBa?R. (To be continued.) 