THE DRAINAGE OF MEL BOURNE- An article under the above heading in the Victorian Review is ono that appeals forcibly to Iho attention of all interested in the sanitary future of the Metropolis and its subutbs. A3 the writer re marks. there is nothinz more inex- plicable to visitors than the con trast between the rapid advances made by Melbourne in general matters and its backwardness in the matbor of drainage. It is a popular theory that Cologne makes up for the perfume for which it is famous by the opposite charac ter of its own peculiar local smells. But even Cologne, with all duo respect to its seniority, fades into odoriferous insigni ficance when placed side by side with Melbourne. Wo are proud — and justly proud— of our public edifices, of the mode in which our streets are laid out, of our reserves and parks, our hos pitals and charitable institutions. But we cannot, oven in our most Belf-com- placent moods, bo proud of our drainage. Of the reverse — of our smells, of our gut ters, of the impuro ditch, miscalled a river, we can indeed bo proud, even to haughtiness, but it is a very open ques tion whether it is at all a creditable haughtiness. Tho necessity for some im provement in this direction has been ad mitted over since the city ontered upon tho more prosperous era of its earlier existence, but, as is often the caso with young rising communities, nothing defi nite has been dono. Juvenile countries, in this respect, are much like young horses. They do not look at their jumps, and hence there frequently occurs either a break down or a refusal. In this instance it has been more of a refusal. We havo, to all appearances, lookod at the fence so long that it has grown abnormally big and frightens us. Most bogies lose their horrifying influences when looked at, but this particular ghost seems to bo an exception. We know it is only a hollowed out turnip after all, that it is a bogie easily treated, a ghost easily laid. But with all this wo do not tackle it, nnd year after year it grows, and will grow unless checked until it becomes a full-grown demon decidedly difficult to get rid of. No later than last year the ex- Mayor, Mr Meares, offered a prize for tho best essay on this subject. Tho essays \- were duly sent in, a prize one wan Eolecled.anda paper criticising tho theories enunciated was rend at a" mooting of tho Boyal Society. But thoro tho matter ended, aud unless the present Mayor takes up tho rolo of his predecessor, thoro it will romain; and it is beoauso this un- pleasant .prospeot looms before us. that tho question calls for immediatuconsidora- tion and speody action. As tho writerin the Review points out, thoMunioipal Councils of tho city and suburbs aro indopondont of each other, aud thoir drainage systems havo, as a natural consequence, boon formed and carried out in acoordanco . with their own spocial ideas, tho Yarra being generally selected as a common sower. In past years, when the city was young and uncrowdcd, this fact was not of so much importance. It is very differout now, and there is scarcely anygrentor necessity in our sanitary oxistenco than that of keoping tho Yarra "clean and sweet." It has dono whatover dirty work it was requiredto perform in tiio past, aud sadly needs a little rest for tho present, and purification for tho future. i11 ordor, howover, to carry out any schemo for tho proper drainage of citv and Suburbs combination is uositivelv indispensable. All special local interests, so far as thoy may iuterfcro with the general good, must be laid aside, and a general effort bo msde in ono uniform direction. It is too much, perhaps, to expect that in young communities liko ours tho different municipal bodies will bo able to take tho united action which is thus rcudored necessary, and for this rea son wo again call attention to tho sugges tion wo have made before, viz , tho ap pointment of a Metropolitan Board of Works, representing the different muni cipalities, and invested with full powors for general aud united action, such as a complete and detailed survey of tho whole of Melbourne and its suburbs, tho pro curing of proper professional advico, and hist, but by no means least, the levying of a revenue. Of course this is tho primary object to bo considered. Tho cost of ' the works suggo3ted in tho prize ossay (including a storm water drain so constructed as to render the future ser vices of Mr Higginbotham and his dog un necessary) is put down at L;l(i2,7<>2, and tho probability is that it would really come up to something uoarur L-100,000, to bo raised either by the local authorities or by tho Government. Aftor all it "is not a matter of much importance whether the municipalities or the central Government take the first step. Tho money, thanks to our financial position in tho markot generally, is not difficult of attainment; and though perhaps it is more particularly the duty of the city re presentatives to move first, tho subject is ono which has already been taken up by tire Government as 0110 calling for special legislation. The municipalities them selves took action in this matter some time since, and worked it up so far that Sir James M'Culloch promised a deputa tion from them that he. would introduco a bill providing for the formation of a Metropolitan Board of Works as soon as he had disposed of tho Harbor Trust Bill then under consideration. Soon after, howover, Sir J ames M'Culloch was de feated, the Reform struggle entered upon, and practical legislation shelved. As, how ever, such men as Messrs. Laurens. A. 1C. Smith aud Nimmo,all of whom hnd shown a warm interest in the question, entered public life, fresh hope was renewed, but in the hurry and rush of party politics the question was lost sight of. and our drainage is as bad, if not worse, than ever. The present Government are full of promises, and here is a chance of ono fulfilment atony rate. There are several paints calling for their considera tion during the recess they have asked for, but thero is scarcely ono more important than this, the moro especially as whatever scheme may be initiated, it will take fully ten years to carry it out. We shall be legislating for posterity of courso, but independently of the con scientiousness of a good action, we shall have the additionally pleasaut reflection that posterity, to some extent, will havo to pay for it. 