— -A GHOST AT NOONDAY. (from the pall mall gazette. ) We have reooived the following extraordinary narrative from a correspondent for -whoso good faith and professional acuteness of observation we can vouch. Ho subBtsntiatee his story with full details of dates, names, and places, which, however, for the ssko of the survivors, he does not wish to be published. Without any further preface, we lay hia letter before our readera - ' As my wife and I was sitting at breakfast with aguest, whom I will call Mr A. — then on a visit for the first time to our house and neighbour hood— our msid-Bervsnt passed out of the room on her way to the kitchen. As she closed the door Mr A. startled mo by saying, " I saw a spirit of a man following that woman, who, as he passed, said distinctly _ in my heariDg, ' God judgeth not as man j'udgetb. I was in nocent' of the murder for which I have been hanged. I was there but did not atrike the blow.'" . " What Ib it likei" Tasked. He re plied by describing a young Irishman whom I recogniaod at once aa the husband of my domestic, who a year or two before had been executed on the charge of murder. Mr : A., a complete Btranger to the locality, had only, met me for the first time two days before, and he wee totally ignorant of tho crime in which my servant woe bo deeply interested. For obvious reaeons the subject was never alluded to in our household, where the widow was regarded with feelings of sympathy, which led us to avoid as much as possible ail referenco to lier husband's fate, I had previously good reason to doubt whether the evidence against him justified hia execution. He had died protesting hia innocence. Hia wife and friends were firmly convinced that, although he had been in tho fight, it was not by hi, hand the fatal blow had been dealt. In ad dition to this, I had good reason to believe that the real murderer was still at large. You can easily imagine my astonishment when Mr A. thus suddenly ventured upon forbidden ground, and abruptly declared that the Bpint of a man who. had snffored the capital penalty, and whose personal appearance exactly coincided with that of the unfortunate Irishman, was actually follow? ing the servant about the house . proolaiming bis Innocence in accents which, although inaudible lo me, ray guest declared were perfectly audible to him. I had heard that Mr A. had been a ." seer," but I was not a little startled at this striking illustration of his peculiar faculty. I remarked that it waa very strange, and informed him thatthe woman whom he had just seen forthe first time with her ghostly companion was really the widow of au executed felon. Some time afterwards he exclaimed : " There ho is again, repeating tho same words !" Intensely interested Joy this sudden and apparently supernatural con- urination of my suspicions, I determined to :pnt .the seer-ship of my guest to what I regarded as . a crucial test. I told Mr A. that shortly after wards I was going into town, and as I should be passing tho spot where the murder was - com mitted perhaps his ghostly visitant might indi cate the place where the dead man lay. - Some time afterwards we started for. the- town. . When we'Ieft the house Mr A. remarked, " There. he is following ub," alluding to the " spirit." When .we had proceeded part of. the: way along .the road, which was quite unknown to my friend I- made a ddtour to make a business call and went -along another street, Mr A. following me. - Just -fas, without a word on my part, we were turning . out of the mam road, Mr A. said, " The spirit: is standing at the corner. He says we are not . going the right way towards the place where the murder was committed, and whioh he has pro mised to point out'tome." I replied, "Oh, we. shall come out in the main road1 again by and bye before we reach the spot." - We proceeded on about a quart er of a mile, and having done1 roy bUBinesa and struck the main- road again — whioh differed, I may remark, from none of the (other roads we had traversed — Mr A. soon after declared, : " There is that man just on there, waiting for us." As we. continued our walk,. I purposely .refrained from, uttering a-, word, or nv.en from thinking, aa far as I could, about, the _ murder, so aa to prevent any possibility of, :my companion : obtaining any clue. -Aa we were passing through one of the lowest parta of the town Mr A. suddenly exclaimed : — He -.tells me-that. it waa here the murder was committed. It was just there (pointing to the place 111. the road where the- murdered man fell.)' I see the hubbub and confusion rise up before mo as a picture, with the people round. He; however, again tells me that hei'did' not strike the fatal blow. He'idoes'riot excuse himself; from being morally' guilty as being mixed up with thoae who accomplished the death of the man, but strongly 'maintaina-that he waa .not the murderer." I will only add in relation: to the last incident thai Mr.yA." described ' the . exact ! spot where, the -murder (waB'cdm'mitted, , aiid .the,, circumatancea 4n "connexion th ere with. : How can you .account for. that 1 Mr A. had never been in the town "before"; he bad never lived, within a couple- of Fundred milea of it ; he did not 'khow.-till- with in a day or two before he srrrived that/he -would ever visit it ; he could riot by any posai; ' .bility have known that the -poor' woman in my .employ was the widow of a man who was hanged. He had no conceivable interest in deceivihg' hie ; nor waa he concerned to 'prosecute! the; 'matter ! -any further! ' I have' in' vain attempted to 'ac- ; coupt.for his story, nor'can l,' on any of . the ; popular hypotheses, ever explain to my own satia- i ia'ction how he saw- that ghoBt at noon day.- -That: he did see it he asaured me, to my surprise, when' no: one"- expected any '.'each revelation ; j and;- .whatever .he .saw, ; it' certainly. led; him ' to'the'exact place where the murder waa coin-! mitted. ! 