SUNDAY IX THE SUBURBS. \- SUNDAY MORNING. Almost before Iopened my eyes I feltnmehow that it wasSunday morning. There wai a ser-3 of perfect calmness and repesa about me which was more pleasing to feel than easy to describe. and nature seemed to know as well as I did that the day of rest had come round eg*in, for there was a hush over everything, and all the flowers lay basking in the sunshine, and the wind went whispering through the tree- top with a soft low murmur like a chant, and never a bird made merry music anywhere, but the bees went humming drowsily from flower t- flower and the butterflies flittad icUy by. Brown, the carpenter, who lives on tha oppasite side of the road, was about ri usual, and I regret to say making a noise as usual. He is, and always was, a noisy man, and wh*t you would call an airy man. He romps with his children, ha romp? with his dog, be is always driving the fowls out of his front garden or pelting the cattle in the road with stones, and this morning I ein see him scrubbing his neck and arms in a bucket, and making more noise About it than if be had been grooming a horse. One of his youngsters is clinging to his leg, and he h making playful kicks at it ; and another is standing at the dear with its nightgown on, munching a crnst, and a big cat rubbing i^islf against the child's bare legs, and four or five inquisitive fowls hoveriDg around and fighting over the crumbs. Even Brown dccin't Beem in a hurry this morning, and havins given his hf id a fin»l dip in tbe bucket drys his hair so vigorously with a jack towel as to lead to the suspicion that he will rub himself bild ; and by-and-by his wife comes to the door with a frying pan in one hand and a fork in the other, and shout? that the bacon is getting cold, and then for the first time he hurries, because he is a little bit afraid of his wife, and knows from p-it exparience tint delayB are dangerous, and that her tempar warms in the sime ratio si the meil grows cold. This view into Brown's back yard must be shut out, or Mis. Brown's supremacy may be emu lated elsewhere. How pleasant it is when sitting down to breakfnt ta remember that there is no need to hurry in order ta get to the office; to f;el no anxiety about the children being in time for school, and to lazily sip one's coffee, taking no count of the clock. And then the comfort of sitting quietly in one's garden chair with your old felt hat and slippers on, smoking a morning pipe and watching the children romping round the paths or reluctantly answering their mother's call to ' Get ready for church.' Boon after 10 o'clock the calm of the day is broken by the tinkling of the many bells that call all pious souls to prayer. These bells are a great nuisance : they make nothing but dis cords ; they are mostly cracked ; there is no time or tune about them. What a contrast to the sweet peals that most of us remember to have fallen upon otr childish ears in never-to-be forgotten timo when we were in our old homes far beyond the en ; how the music of the bells echoed and re echesd across the peaceful land, and flung out their gladsome challenges to each other from many an ivy-covered steeple, and promoted holy thought and gladsome hope and lured the wanderer to the sanctuary and the wearied one to prater; but here the bells jar on one's feelings es clanging with indecent haste or dreary slowness they vie with one another in breaking in upon the quietude of the day and ruffle the feelings and harass the mind. Of what possible use to anybody these tin-kettle arrange ments can be I have yet to learn; perhaps the idea is to weary one with this life and so cause you to reflect on the life to come. Everybody feels that it is Sunday without hiving his ears deafened with the din of the horrid bells, and everybody has either a watch or a clock, and knows well enough what the time is without tbe aid of these consecrated instruments of torture. I never goto church on Sunday morning, and my friend Jones np the strest has the same heathenish practice. When Loth households have departed to their several places of worship (his family are strict church-goers, whilst mine are rigid Nonconfoi mists), we usually get together and dawdle around the garden or dangle our legs over the fence and compare notes on the pist week's history. Jones is a*3rcifc gardener, and is always raving about slugs; he hps gene ral'y a pitiful tale to tell of how his ' Miss Baker,' or ' General Grant,' or some other favourite geranium or fuchsia or verbena bis been riddled with holes or nipped in the crown or in the rcot by 'slugs' or wireworm or blight, acd he talks as though all the plsgaes of Egypt had been let loose in his garden. We seldom touch upon religious matters, becaues he has a great contempt for my creed and doesn't like to wound my feelings by sp raking of it, and he says some times in a playful sort of way thit he mears to get as much of my society in this world as he can, because there will be no chance of our meeting in the next. And really unless he alters a good deal I fear there won't be; but somehow I don't think he looks upon it in quite the same light as I do. Wten Proctor was here Jones went to his lec tures and came home quite dispirited. He said he didn't know the universe was half as vast as it seemed to bs, and thst with all the worlds upon worlds whirling round in space of which science spoke, all guided and watched over by the One great intelligence, whom no man had seen or can see, it made him feel to smsll and insignificant in his o wa eyes as ra lead him {to wonder whether after all his life was of any value or at all regarded by the Mighty Maker and Ruler of all thing*. The lonelineat that springs from over self -depreciation had got hold of him, and he consulted his clergyman without deriving any KitiaTactioa from that quarter, and ?aid he was only set on tbe right track by bearing one cf .bis little children lisping its evening prayer to its mother, and confidently asking ' Oar Father which art in heaven' for those necessary things which His Son taught us all to petition for. Bat he couldn't bring himself to believe the theory about the Moon being ft dead world. ' Such an unpleasant kind of idea, you know,' he said, ' to feel that a miserable old ghost goes rolling along every night over one's head, s+arisg down upon you, takes all the poetry out of the Moon, doesn't it ? And, then, what becomes of that beautiful thought of Shelley's — That orbed mtideo, with white fire laden, Whom mortals call the Moon V Sometimes we get up quite a warm discus sion on politics, Jones «ays it is a singular coincidence with regard to cur politicians that the 'clever ones are not rnpectable, and the | respectable ones are not clever,' and that tbe : country is drifting into hopeless debt and muddle. He is very sweeping in his denuncia tioD8, and often utters libels enough ia five minutes to afford cause for fifty actions at law. He ssys the present Ministry haven't any heart in their work, and only stay in to spite the other fellows. Now, I sweir by them, for they made my wife's hrother a Crown Lands Kanger, , and gave my boy Tom a billet in tbe Cos- : torns. But enough of all this. Let us watch the people going to church. I wonder how it is that children like to attend services - they cannot understand. How proudly tho ; little ones toddle along by their pareats' side, : and how carefully they carry the big hymn- ' book if entrusted with it. Some families inarch ? along in a group, treading on one another's ', heels ; some tail out one behind the other in a | Bert of Indian file, the stragglers now and then ! brought to a sense of their position by the sharp ' reprimand of the seniors. Some mothers go j sailing along beaming and happy, at peace with ' tbemselvea and all the world, good, kiadly, pious ; souls, with a jewel of a cook at home to see after the Sunday dinner, and a well-to-do hus- i band at their side to pay the drapery bills. ': Their little children cluster about them, and [ almost fight for the privilege of holding their j hand ; whilst Tom, the oldest toy, who goes to ; College and sports a College cap, and is nide and boorish to everybody else, is gentle and considerate to the ' Mater,' as he calls her, because he knows that she would give her life for him. But Icok on the other side of the street : there gees an aniious, fretful woman and her children. How she shepherds them, and watches them. Charlie gets into the mud ; Emma bites her gloves; and Willie straggles into the damp grass. Like a hen with a brood of ducks that will go into the water, she fumes and fusses, and takes no rest. And ; even after she hes piloted them safely in*o I church, she will twig their hair and pull their \- ears, and shake her head and frown at them [ because they do not sit like statues, and just behave like lit.le children rs they are. Can that be Mary Martin going across^the road 'i It only seems yesterday that she was a tiny maiden sittiDg on my knee. Howjthese young girls do grow, to be sure ! Mary ,h?i just developed from the shoit-dress s^ge into the long-dress era; and dcesn't she look proud with her new toggery ? How she has been longing for Sunday ever since that drees came home, and what a lot of anxiety she has experienced atoat that pretty new hat. Ihe milliner promised that it should be sent out on Friday, but it didn't come, and Mary was vexed, although not alarmed ; but when Saturday evening came rratters seemed ! approaching a crisis, and as hour after hour passed the agony became intense, and it was long after all hope had been abandoned that a ksock was heard at the door, and a small boy delivered the precious band-bos into Mary's trembling hands. Theie goes a Deacon of one cf tbe Churches. He makes a regular task ot his religion, and is as much crenpied on the Sunday as on any other day : he puts the people into scats : he gees round with the plate ; he teaches in the Sunday-schcol ; he is always bustling about doing something, and hurries along as though he were late for tho train. I bope a gcod deal of gtod is being done in my suburb. There Blways aeerrs to te'.a lot of people busying themselves about other people's souls, and a constant want of funds to fight the Devil with. He is an expensive luxury, and I wish he would go, but be won't. Persevering fellow th.\t. Jone3 says he is hound to have me ultimately, unless I subscribe to the Thirty-nine Articles. Seems to me I am always ' subscribiBg' to something or other. ? 