2IYLOVE. Br E. Lynn Linton, Author o? "Patricia Kejiball," "Thb Atonxuent ov Lean Dun- das," " Under Whioh Lord?" &c.; 'Chapter, JlX— Thin Ice. ' suddenly the fount ran dry. xkesocd-timo was over nnd that of tho harvest had sot in. That harvest was tho praise oltho public, such as it was at Highwood, when tho poems were printed ready for distribution — tbo music composed ready for recitation — tho pictures framed and varnished, and cards of invitation sent out in travesty of tho artist's "privato view,"' Then Jlr. Brnnscombo was m ine sovenin heaven ot oeiigm. j.n«vv insv infirmity of his nobleness was fulfilled to tlio -utmost ; aud he wn3 tbo veritable Apollo of his own Parnassus. For the present, therefore, what it pleased him to call his work was dono ; and it was time that fruition should follow upon labor. But because he had mado their yet young mourning a reason why Stella had been kept so cioso to work in copying and rocopying his pro ductions that she had not been allowoil oven a walk in the lovely lanes or tho quiet fields, it was necessary for hira to find a reason now why bo should break so suddenly through tho seclusion which had been due to his vanity and ascribed to his sorrow. And he found it in his daughter's pallor and Mrs. Latrobo's suggestion. "You aro looking a little pale, my child," ho said, tha day after Augusta's visit, speaking as if this wore his own 'discovery, and speaking with his best air of fatherly tenderness. "I must not havo yon fail, my iovo I We must break through our sad seclusion and go. out into tho world a little inore than we have dono of iato. It will be a trial to me, but it is my duty to you." "I should be sorry if you did anything painful tbyourself for my sake, dearest papa," sait Stella, gently. ' He sighed. ' You are .all that is left to me ; I must take care of you, "he said..- "I must be father and mother both to my Household Star I" " Dear papa ! how good yen are !" said Stella, „ looking at him with grateful eyes. " Yes, I am a. good father to you and I was a good husband ,to your-doar.mother. The artist has not killed the man in m'c I" he answored, hon estly believing what he said ; for his vanity was so great, his selfishness so blindly sincere, that ho did faithfully. hold himsolf to bo the sublime and all but perfect creature .for which he posed. And when ho had sacrificed his good Matilda, and was now sacrificing his daughter, to this vanity, this selfishness, ho was, to his own mind, doing only what was right and holy.' Taking tho holp of the lower creatures in tho production of such works ns his made their glory as -well as his, own. They aided where he created, and. they were, honored by "their association with- his genius. So much must ho said for him. False as ho was all through "mere mask, wind-bag, simulacrum as h was — ho was unconsciously false. Ho lived in a world of his own, where ho was-what ho assumed to-be. It would havo taken a miraclo to havo convinced him that he was less than a genius and lower than a jiero. This world scarcely gives onough credit to the transforming power of vanity — to the- sincerity of man's own fifilf-flcPCnUAn Knt. kKinemwnlui rene really- and truly in a 6elf-envolvcd golden. cloud 'through which he saw nothing as it-was and him self tho most transformed' of all. Had he been self- condemned through consciousness ho could not, havo imposed even on Stella as ho did. It was the very sincerity of his vanity which gave it vitality and impressiveness, and which hid his own humbug from himself- "Andes you are so wan and pale, .ray love," he went on to Bay- affectionatojy, "I will take you for an airing, and carry you among your friends. So go and make yourself ready. "I have drdored the carriage for three o'clock. Wo will make a little round, nnd I will take .our friends these cards. -Thoy will appreciate the attention:" . " Very well, papa," saidStclla, without a smile or sign of pleasure. She dare nht say 'so, bat how-much better she wonld have liked a walk ocrossfthe fields, and those cards not distributed nor their visits paid I She scarcely knew herself in these latter days, . nor understoodwhysho shrank with suehsensitivo .shame from the artistio-publicity which was her father's glory, and until now had been her own proud delight. What made, her dread where for merly sho had rejoiced— dislike what she had loved? She could not shako off tho feeling of desecration to her mother's memory in all these- poems and pictures, these nocturnes and tho like, which -were sent about among the noighbors like bellman's verses. Yet how could papa's "beautiful work desecrate that dear memory ? And would papa do anything whatever that was not inspired by the most sub lime and. delicato fooling — papa, who paid such enthusiastic respect to that boloved memory as even to objoet-to her having fresh air and exer cise ? It was impossible ; and Stella know that it was impossible. Nevertheless she wished that ho had not taken thoso silver- printed cards to distribute ; and that thoy had simply gono for a walk .together. . As it was impossible for licr to say all this, and as she had not even thonght it all out clearly to herself, sho did as sho was bidden, and put ou her hat and cape. Then they got into the little brougham, whore Mr. Branscombo had placed a pile of cards already enclosed in envelopes and directed. Before they set off he drew up both windows savo for the space of an inch on his own side. Sitting so much in' his close hot studio had spoiled his taste for fresh air, and he dreaded cold almost as much ns if ho had been a dormouse. . Shcrrardino was the first place to which they went. It was tho furthestoff, and Mr. Branscombo took itfirst,meaningtowork roundbyMrs. Mora- head— from whom tho interdict had been perforce taken sinco poor Mrs. Branscombo's death — end then on to Dorwent Lodge. Tho first two stood in the Bociai column of disagreeable necessity, the >last in that of unmixed pleasure. The gentle worship of pretty Hortonsia Lyon was Finery Fred's present portion of delight in life. Twenty . .years ago it would havo been receiving hack in earnest tho iovo made in jest ; now ho fonnd .it in mock genius and sincere praise, which did quite as well and was slightly less dan gerous. Ail the - Penncfathers were at borne in tho gardon ; so aero ail the dogs; so were the two Cowloy boys. The noise and racket going on when the close-sbnt, hlack-paintod brougham, with its mourning livories and its coalrhlaok horse, drove up, was some thing deafening. Everyone was shoutiug at tho top of his or her voice, and all were shouting at once. Some of the dogs were barking in con cert ; others were bounding about tho lawn and crashing through the bushes in sympathy aud participation. Horo was tho click of a croquet hall against the mallet ; thore tho ping of a rifle fired at a mark. It was-BaboI and Bedlam ; and Mr. Branscombo covered his ears with liis gloved hands, as he slightly groaned and shuddered. " Barbarians and savages I" ho muttered, then composed his haildso'mo face to. a melancholy smile as one who would not sadden youthful mirth by tho intrusion of his own sorrow, yet who could not quito forget the painful fact that his heart-was bleeding, and that the merriment of ordinary men was not for him. And with this melancholy smile, lingering like the tonch of pale sunlight on his faco, he went slowly towards that noisy, laughing, uproarious, group gathered on tho lawn. " Glad to sco yon, Mr. Branscombe, " cried Mr. Penncfatbor, coming forward in his frank, hearty way. "Ah Stella! — it is good to see you again." \- " Dear Stella; this is nice !" said Mrs. Penne- father, -kissing her. They were people who cailed alitho young and even the middle-aged of their acquaintance by their Christian names. Woli for dignity if they did not hit on a diminutive or -samo queer nick name, which might or might not be pleasant to tho wearer I Mrs. Pcnncfather, almost as young-looking as her daughters, was one of the standing wonders of maternity in tho county. Forty years of age and the mother of seven cluldren, she had the step and figure of a girl and a face to correspond. She wore neither stays nor cap, nor any sign of matronhood whatsoever savo the wedding-ring which marked her state. Her tennis costume w is as short and youthful as Gip and Pip's ; her feet were as small aud-daint-y ; -and she herself was as light and lissom. It was not from her, how ever, that the children had inherited their beauty and strongly-marked family likeness ; but from tho father. She herself was fair, and only Jitllo Nora, tho youngest, car ried her impress. The rest were all " father's children," as has been said ; inherit- ing from Mr. Penncfather their dark' ej'c3 and cuily jet black hair, their vivid color and bright, brisk, noisy ways ; while from both parents, in equal proportions, came tho good digestion, good temper cleanly living nnd kindness of heart which made youth perennial in the Pcnnefathcr household. They were pcoplo who would never grow old in ono sense, because thoy would never grow indolent, solf-indulged, sour-tempered nor envious. Tho girls, Gip and Pip, dashed forward too ; kissing Stella as soon ns-thcir mother had dono with her and greeting, her as if sho had been their dearest friend. They had this liospitablo way to callers ; seeming to wish to mako their guests free of. all that Shcrrardino contained, themselves included. "How aro you, dear Stella?" they shouted in their boatswain's voices. " So glad to sco you ! So jolly of yon to como I" " We thought you wore never coming out of your shell again, you joily littlo snail I" con tinued Gip, while Pip stood by and emphasized licr sister's words by running bursts of laughter. "It is ages — hcap3 u£ ages sinco wo saw you 1 And how white you are I What havo you been doing to' yourself? You look as if you wanted bucketfuls of salt water and oceans of fresh air !" "Do I ?"saiil Stella, rubbing her cheeks with a quivering little smile that was only tho other side of tears., "Do you? Why, of courso you do I Mater, did you ever see such a poor limp rag, such a ghost as Stella Branscombo looks?" shouted Gip ; whilo Jcminy, who was suspected of boing hard hit in this direction, took quito a sentimental expression 011 bis-bronzed faco as he said : " Yes, Miss Steila, you look as if you had boon shut up in the dark for a twelvemonth.' You ought to get out moro I am sure. A good long jolly-cruise would do you no end of good !" " Well, now we've got yon here, wo won't let yon go in a hurry," said Gip and Pip together. " So come and sit down under tbo verandah, and we'll have a jolly littlo talk together. Havo yon heard the news? Mr. Branscombo, havo you heard the news ?" shouted Pip, raising her voice. . "No," returned Mr. Branscombo stiffly. These Miss Pennefathers were really extremely rudo and objectionable ycung women, without manners, reverence, rcspcctor breeding I Though glad to show them tho last fine product of his genius, and not too dainty to garner tho coarse harvest of their praiso, still ho was out of placo and ill at case in this succursalo of Bedlam, and-, wished his visit was over. "No! Why! You havo not heard -that Sandro Kemp is going.to bo married ? Isn't that, fun ?'' shouted Gip. "Is it?" replied Mr. Branscombe, with cold disdain. "I confess I am unablo to sco oither tho interest or tho fun of tho announcement." " Oh, I say I" cried- Gip and Pip, " It is awful _ fun, Mr. Branscombo. Quito too good a joke," As ill luck would havo it, at that momont' Colonel Monoypenny appeared on tho lawn. " Isn't it fun, Colonel Moneypcnny ?" cried tho twins in a breath. " What?" ho asked. "Old Sandro Kemp's marriage," thoy an swered. Tho Colonel's keen, irritable faco flushed from brow to chin. " Fun that ho has fonnd anyone simple enough to tako him ?' ho answored, with contempt. "I hardly think it will: provo fun for tho woman, whoeversho maybe. Who is sho ?" He spoko in an odd voice, and with a strained manner, poovishly kicking one of the halls which, lay at his feet. "Well, we did think it was your old fiamo, Augusta I&trobe;," said Gip — dense, pachyder matous, insensitive Gip, who would- not havo harmed a fly .had sho known what sho was about, and who was now doing a friond whom sho liked as much damage as it was possible for inconsidcratcncss and chatter to do. " But sho swears it isn't, so wo don't know what to think. Wo caught them on tho road howovcr, playing at spoons if anyono over did. But Angusto said no, it wasn't spoons ntall. and that old Kemp had only been telling her a secret ; and Augusta don't- toll lies. Still, it alt looked qncer ; and who elso can it bo ? It can't bo any one else, and tho old.fcllow doesn't often go away. Colonel, who aul it be ?" "How the dcuet) should I know! Do you think I am in tho confidence of a fellow liko that artist Kemp, or caroa button whom ho marries !" cried Colonel Moncyponny savagely. As Gip said afterwards : "The old bear snappod her noso off ; and all for what, .she would liko to know V" "Air. Kemp's affairs do not interest me," I10 added, stiffly, recovering his dignity if not his temper. "Nor mo," said-Mr. Branscombe, also stiffly. "Oh, they do us!" shouted tho Pennofathcrs — about five or six of thom in a body. "Old Kemp is a jolly old boy when I10 is in good form ; hut ho was as sour as vinegar and as cross as two sticks at our picnic. Wo thought at the time it was bccauso you had taken off Perhaps his lady-lovo had not written to him, or perhaps after all it is Augusta !" said Gip— this last in a meditative voice. " Oh, Stella !" said Pip, taking up tho lost thread, " I wish you could havo boon at our pic nic. It was such awful fun — it was just awfully jolly all through. George and I changed hats and brooches, nnd'oven tho Cowley boys did not find ns out. It was such inn. And pcoplo camo to mo for Gip, and wont to Gip for me, and mado no ond of mull and mistakes." And hero they all laughed in chorus at tho ex quisite humor of the remembrance. When the last echoes of their mirth had died away," Gip, who had a talent for blunders of this kind, said, .so that Air. Branscombo could hear : "Stella, they say that you aro not going to bo married just yet? Is it true ? Poor Cyril ! What a soil for him. I say, what a shamo." Stella looked with a scared fcur to her ele gant father, who had turned to this uninten tional inischiof-makcr— tho very majesty of in dignation impressed on overy feature. "Wo have our private reasons, Miss Pcnne- father," ho said' bitterly; "reasons which per haps you will bo good enough to'belicvo, oven if you do not understand;" "Oh, reasons are rubbish," said that impu dent littlo hussy, tossing hor- curly hood. " It is a horrid soil aud a shamo for poor old Cyril all tho same, and I was in hopes it was not true. But now you say it is, I am ten times moro sorry. What with Sandro Kemp marrying, -and not Au gusta after all his spooning her so long, and poor old Cyril Pousonby not marrying at all, peoplo are very queer !" "You are skating on thin ice; Gip," said Jemmy, in what ho thought- was a low and diplomatic voice. It was heard all over" tho lawn. "Thin ice? No !" said Gip, in return, and in perfect good faith. " Why thin ico, Jiuf ?" "I tell you you aro," replied her brother ; and Valentino Cowloy, who had been watching tho whole scene and taking it all in, said quietly to back up Jem. " Shut up, Gip, whilo yon can." Stella saw by her father's faco that ho too, liko Valentino, had beon watching aud taking it in. Sho turned palo and looked frightened. " Oh, Iseo,"said Gip, in answer to that invo luntary tell-talo faco. "Poor Stclia ; what a shame." "No," said Stella, heroically; "papa knows best."- j "Well, I don't know abont that," said Gip, quito seriously. " I think if tho Governor or Mater put their fingers in my pio I should call out and tell them to mind their own business. But thoy wouldn't ; -they have too much senso; and if they or any one did I don't think I would tako it as quietly as you do." "Shutup, Gip,"againsaidJemmy,whowasthe most enlightened of tho group. Tho discipline of a man-of-war had dono something for him, and his moony tenderness for Stella did something more. " Don't you soo that you aro making a mull of things, and that you aro fouling tho rope; I tell you you aro skating on thin ice." "Am I really? Weil, I'm sure I don't want to," said Gip in Penncfather syntax ; and with that Bhc dashed off into a tirade against Airs. Mors- heiul and her horrid temper, and how sweet Augusta Latrole was, and how sho, Gcorgio Penncfather, wished that same ono wonld tako pity on' the poor darling and carry her clean away from that old dragon. Then, turning sharp round to Colonel Aloneypcnny, she cried out : " Why don't you, Colonel Monoypenny? You were always a kind of beau of hers, oron before that queer old spideriy Professor came on tho field." So good-hearted, .hrigbtteyed C corgi 0 Penne- father managed to do a great deal of practical barm to two reoplo whom she really liked, and- . to.-icb- R-?etono.rolliiig£vhiwould-ctuih.inoio — than ono tender littlo plantation boforo it finally settled at tlio bottom of tho hill. Soon after this Air. Branscombo rose to tako his leave. He handed Mr. Penncfather a thick packet of his Threnody. There was ono for each of his family, even including tho young Air. Cowleys, aud not omitting littlo Norn. Ho wished tho child always to remember hor sainted friend, lie said, with histrionic solem nity; aud ho was sure sho would prizo tho gift. But tho family mado queer faces as they re ceived the cards, which he solemnly distributed each to each. They were bound by good manucrs to look gruvo, whilo nature impelled them so dreadfully to laugh ! Between tho two they were in internal convulsions and outward restraint ; and more than ono nearly split that thin skin of artificial decorum to let out a flood of wicked merriment which would havo spoiled all. 'J'hoy managed, howovcr, to keep things in trim till tho brougham rolled away, and then they pulled up tlio planks, and tlio waters gushed out without restraint. . „ " A most objectionable and dctostablo family," Baid Afr. Bratiscombo peevishly, 03 they went through tho gates. "I ara thankful that is dono with ! Wo need not sco them now forauothcr six months. They aro really scarcely human, and more iiko so many Cherokeo Indians than liko civilised English ladic3 and gentlemen, 'l'hcy aro too dreadful— really they arc." _ _ _ " They arc very noisy nnd indiscreet, answered Stella, seeing that her father looked for some reply. " But they do not moan to ho rudo or disagreeable, aud they do not know half thoy say." "To call tli cm irresponsible idiots, 'my dear Stella, docs not mend matters very much," said Mr. Branscombo. " Peoplo wlio do not know whut thoy say or do arc cither idiots or maniacs. To wliicli category of disordered brain do you as sign tho family oi tho Penncfathers '!" " I did not quite mean that, papa," said Stella, with a nervous littlo laugh. " No ? Are you then following tho oxamplo of yonr friends and saying what you do not mean?" ho asked unpleasantly. For her auswer Stella stoic licr hand into his ; hat after a short time Air. Branscombo. put it away. " Your liand is hot, my love," ho said coldly, " aud hotr hands are unpleasant." 