“VENGEANCE IS MINE.” By Paul Ash. -o CHAPTER V. HUSBAND AN 1) FATHER. lor some days after her cousin s departure, Flora felt dull and dispirited, and kept her room a good deal. Arthur had never left her in such hot—-or rather—cold haste before. But by the end of the week, youth and high spirits asserted themselves, and she gradually became almost her own self once more. A feeling of surprise now crept upon her, quickly followed by a nervous sense of apprehension, when she observed the manner and movements of Mr. Bon vini towards Madame Lamont. The planter called more regularly than ever. Ilis hearing towards herself was gentle and tender ; but paternally so. He treated the “wilful darling," with patronising- kindness. But this, although it irritated the young lady exceedingly, was not the cause of her grow ing uneasiness. It was the intimate, not to say tender, relations, which appeared to have sprung up between the dark visitor and her mother, which awakened vague fears .in Flora’s mind. She put her suspicions aside again and again, but they returned most persistently, and each time strengthened by some fresh circumstance ; and all pointing in the one direction. Was it possible that her mother could encourage, that lie would dure -? The shadow haunted her, as one might imagine a ghost to do in the darkness. One has a feeling of the presence of a vague somewhat to he feared, but which can neither be seen distinctly nor defined. Still, the con sciousness of it made her tremble, she could not have explained why. There were times when coming suddenly upon her mother and the planter she felt inclined to ask herself if she saw things as they were. I or although madame, by her look and manner, would be tray a sense of a certain something, Mr. Bon vini was under all circumstances, the same bland, gentle, tender kinsman, who was never surprised, never off his guard. Could it be possible, Flora would repeat to herself, that after his late declaration, he would ven ture ; hut she would not permit herself to dwell upon the apprehension ; and yet—yes. It was plain enough, that these confidential interview's between madame and the planter grew- longer and more frequent, and Flora felt that ' she herself was in the way when present. Her mother’s greatest delight previ onsly had been to en joy the lively company of her daughter. It was evident lately, that she tried to slum being with Flora alone, as much as possible. The sweet confidence, and free interchange of thought and feeling which had existed between mother and daughter until now, disappeared, and they be came curiously polite towards each other. We ought to say that this change of: manner commenced on madame s side, who—poor Eve—simply followed the suggestion of the serpent. And so the coming event continues to cast its shadow before, in divers ways, until a month had passed, and the middle of June -was reached. A letter had been re ceived from the colonel, which chronicled his safe arrival, and contained ids affec tionate wishes, and that was all. Flora was disappointed, she expected a little gush of something warmer. It would have been such an encouragement to her, under the unpleasant aspect of affairs at home, and the shadow on the hearth. But now she felt she was quite alone. Brooding by herself, she soon reached the summit of expectation. and sus pense, and looked out anxiously for some decided expression of the meaning of these interesting interviews between her mother and Mr. Boiivini. She had not to wait long. Upon a certain Sunday evening in the be ginning of .July, and upon the conclusion of a, much longer interview than usual,, after which madame remained by herself in the drawing-room for sonic time in a little flutter of happy excitement, Flora was summoned by her' mothers maid.. With a nervous apprehension of coming' ill flora, who now regularly kept her own apartment dining the planter’s visits, followed the girl. Mrs. Lamont was partly reclining upon a couch when her daughter entered, and appeared to be examining,' with great attention, the mag nificent illustrations in a splendid copy of “ Borneo and Juliet,” which her late visitor had left behind him. Every engraving was a work of art. “ You have sent for me, mama?” “ Yes, I hope I don’t disturb or annoy you, my dear.” Flora would have thought this language very strange from her mother a month ago. “ I wish you would disturb me of tenor than you have done lately, in the same way, m37 dear little mother,” returned the girl, as she fondly stroked down her mother’s line, dark hair. The daughter had placed her finger lightly on the button of a small elec tric bell, which rang clearly in the mother’s conscience. But she would not answer it just yet. “Are they not splendid?” she asked, re ferring to the plates in the beautiful volume in her hand. “ They certainly are.” “ It is a lovely present,” continued the mother, “ and 1 hope you will not forget to thank the donor as he deserves.” “ And why should I thank the donor, ma ma?” “ Because he left this beautiful volume for you with his kindest love.” “ I wish he would bestow such attentions elsewhere than in this house,” said Flora, in a little pet. “ Why, Flora, how ungrateful you are for Mr. Bouvini’s kindness, that you will never ■see the end of now. And you his special favorite too.” Flora was ready to burst out, but managed to restrain herself. She said : “ I hope I shall never have to he grateful to.Mr. Bonvini for .anything—not even for this. As he left it with you I hope you will tell him so.” “ But Flora,” said the mother, “ you can’t understand. I fear you are mistaking Mr. Bonvini.” The idea occurred to mudame that her daughter was annoyed because the planter’s “ attentions ” were directed towards her (Flora). “ I hope I do mistake him, mama.” “ Look here. Bead the inscription, child, and you will understand,” said the mother as she drew her daughter’s attention to the first blank page, upon which was written To our darling Flora, With the undying love Of her affectionate father, Adrien Bonvini. “Mother! You would not venture—he would not dare-” “ Why should not an honourable man ex plain himself, my dear ; and why should I not accept the wealth that will make us honoured and powerful V You will be adored : talked of everywhere.” The shadow of Flora’s fear had taken dis tinct outline at last. “Talked of,” she said with a cold, sick feeling, as the tears filled her ayes. “ Oh ! I hope we will not, mother. Have you forgot ten poor papa, so soon ?” “ lie was a good, well-meaning man, my deal-. Very hasty and unwise for himself, and lie left ns poorer than anyone knows. We have been living on our 'little capital since he died.” “ But have 3-011 really decided, mother, to-” “ Be rich and happy ; and to make you so. What else, would .you have me do, my dear. I never knew you to he, so unreasonable be fore.” .“ ()h! if you only knew my reason, mother. If I might-” “ He dotes upon you. You will he his idol. He is already hiying little plans to give 3-011 such a lot of pleasant surprises ; but I must not tell you what your future father-” “ 1 would give 1113- life to make 3-011 happy, mother,” interrupted Flora, “ .for' all I have seemed so careless and so wilful. But I would rather give my life than have to call that man father.” And with a fresh hurst of tears she walked out and to her own room, without pa3’ing the least attention to her mother’s : “Flora! One moment, my dear, until I show yon ; just stay till I explain-” “ It’s only one of her pets,” thought ma dame. “ She’s annoyed now, hut she will come round after a little. It’s always the wayr. And then she will see how kind dear Adrien will he to her by-and-byo. Ileigho ! I wish it was all over.” Had Mrs. Lament heard of the irate John Bull, who prayed devoutly that his teeth might fall out if he ever attempted to masticate a mouthful of that “ American .salt horse” again. And, lo ! on the second evening after wards the angry Briton sat down to the after noon meal, and wrapped himself about a very liberal allowance of brother .Jonathan’s bovine raising, and with his happy face expanded ; into a smile that broadened it into a shield. We are gravitating towards “ [ never will” every day in our lives. Flora also discovered by-and-by how happy her loving father wished to make her ; only “ by-and-bye” came a long time too soon. The beginning of August ushered in the wedding day ; and such a wedding. The cathedral was alive with wondering and ad miring faces. Flora looked angelic in her bridesmaid’s snowy loveliness, dir. Bonvini ground his shark-like teeth together, even while he gasped and panted to behold this surpassing flower, which although near by his side, was star-distant beyond his reach. Ma dame looked very handsome and happy. The bridegroom was very stately and tenderly attentive. IIow the ladies envied the wife of the wealthy planter. How gentle and anxious he appeared. It was abundantly evi dent that, she would do just as she pieased with that “ weak, good-natured creature.” And lie so rich. How happy she would be ! One halt o£ the house doesn’t know how the other half lives. lliey set oil' upon a month’s tour. Mr. Bonvini, with his wife and daughter, visited his plantation near Wheeling1, where they met with an enthusiastic and spontaneous (pre pared) reception. Madame was delighted. She was so humoured and feted wherever they went. Even the still unassured Flora could see nothing to find fault with, unless it might be the extravagant display. They lived amid the very fireworks of pleasure. Balls and parties tripped up each the other’s heels ; for however questionable the taste of the thing might be considered here, the planter did not go in for the quiet happi ness of a sweet honeymoon. Not he ; he intended to dazzle Flora into regrets for what she had lost. Tie only wearied her. But madnme, amid the glitter and show of such pantomimes, seemed beyond the reach of ennui ; and wondered how Flora could lind a headache. They returned to New York in the beginning of September. Here the ladies were agreeably surprised to lind the old house completely rejuvenated. When Flora sat down to the piano she thought it looked strange in its shining mahogany and gold. She was surprised at the brilliancy of its tone. Her boudoir was a little pearl of art ; her books and drawings remained unchanged, and arranged exactly as she had left them. She began to feel in earnest that she had wronged the mail’s heart after all ; and like all gene rous natures, now made the mistake of being as over-eonliding as she had been distrust ful. Madame simply adored her devoted hus band. He was a. nonpareil. She now asked her daughter triumphantly .where were her foolish prejudices. And in truth Flora had not a word, except of commendation, although she could not yet understand Mr. Bonvini’s conduct on that night of the ball. He was the ideal of paternal kindness. His anxious but unobtrusive solicitude endeavoured to anticipate her slightest wish. And to her personally he was the cream of gentle court esy. She was continually receiving some charming present from his loving bounty. Her wardrobe was the envy of all her young friends, who praised her liberal father to the stars. Her jewellery was acknowledged to outshine even Mrs. Hercules Uoldhriglit’s. hitherto the talk of the city. Madame Bonvini’s receptions and parties were the models which fashionable- ambition panted to imitate. They were sailing blissfully, en circled Avitli homage and music and flowers on a sea of glory, and dreamt not of breakers ahead. But madnme was not satisfied. She was longing to assume the wreath of queen and benefactress in the city. She disclosed her amiable ambition to her indulgent husband. The fond Benedict gave; a ready assent ; hut delicately hinted that she might excite, jea lousy and envy if she assumed the lead too hastily. If: she could only restrain her noble desires until the severity of winter called forth her best efforts it would then seem that her benevolence sprang forth spontanoouly from a tender heart, wounded by the sight of suffering1; and that it was not merely a garb that vanity had put on. Madame, although with a sigh, assented to the worldly wisdom that sought to make virtue impose upon it self while putting its linger m the eye of the public. Mr. Bonvini would hardly care to enter the gate of Paradise except by a wile. Meantime the ladies were not to be niggardly in their charitable contributions. By no means ; only they were not to be ostentatious just yet. The manoeuvres of the “ public benefactor” are sometimes as singular as those of a military strategist. Look at that univer sally honoured banker, lie is a man of the highest probity—of the most, indexible integ rity. The time gun does not go off with more severe punctuality than do all his unim peachable business transactions. The local charity-lists are headed by bis revered name. Hospitals and other public institutions bless bis over open hand. But a crash comes, and —bark, my friend ! we would just presume to whisper in your ear—the balance sheets have been cooked for ten years past; and you will get Is. ll;’d. for your sovereign, perhaps not so much ! Of course the colonel was made acquainted with the happy event. And of course lie wrote his congratulations ; and hinted that such a good example should put a certain young lady upon her mettle. He hoped he would next hear that she had gone and done likewise. Flora thought cousin Arthur had t grown very strange indeed. And if he in tended that for fun he might just have kept it to himself. And so the days ilitted past, on butterfly’s wings until the beginning of November was reached. Madame Bonvini found herself located in little Eden ; and in truth there was nothing to prevent her daughter from feeling the same, except the disturbing thought that the colonel seldom visited New York, even in his dreams. But she was happy nevertheless, although the wieath of perfect bliss was not upon her brows. But that, she had to confess to her self, was not the fault of her devoted step father, who would guard her against annoy ance, even from a single sunbeam, and much more from one breath of chill air, or a drop of villainous rain. 'We say the first of November approached. The ball season was setting in. And with it came, a total change in the surroundings of mother and daughter—a change from noon day to complete eclipse. (to UK CONTHNUKI'.) 