BURY THE HATCHET. communicated. When the Duke of Edinburgh visited the Aus tralian colonies some few years ago, it was fondly hoped by those then in power that his visit would still farther oement the fraternal feeling existing between tbe mother country and her vigorous antipodean offshoots. That Australians were loyal to the "t>aok bone and spinal marrow " was thoroughly evinced by the enthusiastic ovations acoorded to tbe Prinoe duriog bis "royal pro- gras '' through the colonies, Tbe hearty recep tion accorded to his Royal Highness, however, was not the ontcome of latant Jingoism. Aus tralian democracy paid not homage to old world aristooraoy, as represented by the august titles and royal blood of our visitor. Neither was tbe loud and demonstrative enthusiasm of the time evoked by the personal attributes of tbe Prince. As a rule, little was known of bim in the colonies, save that such a personage existed, and that be was tbe son of Queen Victoria and Albert the Good. And the warmth of our welcome to bim was mainly due to his august parentage, for in no portion of her myriad subjects is Victoria more loved and reverenced than by ber Aus tralian lieges — loved and revereneed not so moch for her exalted station as for tbe spotless and womanly parity of ber lengthy reign. Well would it have been for all concerned if the widespread enthusiasm of the time had not been marred by a mad assassin's ballet. But that far-off day at Clontarf, when O'Farrell shot the Prinoe, was franght with elements subversive of the future social weal of Aus tralians, and New Sonth Welshmen more especially. From that far-off day of evil import dates the introduction of a spirit of sectarian ranoour into oar social life that, ever since, daily and hourly, has intensified in bitterness. Time, the solver of all knotty problems in the body politic, has long since exploded the prevailing idea of the time that the act was the outcome of a secret Feniaa organisation in our midst, and that tbe would-be assassin was a madman, pure and simple, baa long been an accepted fact. That the Prince sharod in this opinion was amply evidenced by his second visit to tbe Australian colonies. Be this os it may, John Davies and other political charlatans of the time made capital of tha sad event, and (what time Sir Henry discovered the Kiama Ghost) Protestant political societies and branches of the H.R.C. Guild began to multiply amBzingiy, so that now, in this year of grace 1881, the colour of a man's necktie or of ao infant's sleevetie possesses a peculiar significance, ana tbe sight of a green ribbon or an Orange rosette will serve to stir up as great a commotion amongst the multitude as would the presence of a sparrow- hawk in the dove-cot of a pigeon fancier. At the i present -time tha community from one end of the olony to the other is divided into two hostile amps— Protestant and Catholio— orange and ;reen ; and men of nentral tints are rudely matled in tho melee by those rival partisans rho are madly striving to annihilate oaoh other or the pure love of Gocl, forsooth. Yes, in the aidst of all this warring of the seotB (parties noro properly) the noutrala— men who doom leotarian political societies of every shade to bo lubverBivo of national progress — aro buffeted on til Bides by tho contending parties, and conic iown a cropper "between two stools" as it vera. For instance, let a Roman Catholic be >ver bo liberal in his viows and political istraoism is bis fate at tbo hands of the Orange odges. Let his religious views bo more in icoordanoe with the progressive spirit of tho age than with tbo arbitrary diotum of tho Vatican ; let him possess the parliamentary Bagacity and the political genius of a Gladstone) or a Bright, ind yet the more fact of him boiog o Papist debars bim tbe suffrages of bis Orango fellow- Bolonists. Tben again, let this solf-samo Roman Catbolio dare to advocate the superiority of our sooular system of education over the peculiar (very) toachiogs of tho Marist Brothers and Jesuits ; lot bim dare to doubt the bona fides of the "Knock miracles" or tbo "Infallibility dogma" as propounded by tbe Italian Jesuits of our day ; or let him dare to disbelieve that Orange men are sworn to wado knoe-doep in Papist's blood, and lo I anathema dire and ex communication is his doom ; whilst the clergy and laity band together to hound bim down qb a pervert and a renegade. So much for tbe Roman Catholio who will dare to stand by his convictions, end openly assert them, thereby placing himself without the pale of the partioB. But how fares it with bis " friend and brother," tbe liboral Protestant, in those days of religiouB strife and political axe-grinding? About on a par with tbo poor ostracised and exoommunicated Papist in point it is to bo feared. How be stands in tho estima tion of his Roman Catholio neighbours iB easily snmmed up. Not like Caesar's wife, however. She was to have been " above suspicion," but difficult, very difficult indeed, is it for the liboral Protestant to avert the suspicion of being an Orangeman, and, oe matters of course, he is loved by the Roman Catholics in tbo same ratio that all Orangemen are loved by "wearers of the green." On the other band, his Btatns amongst a large seotion of his co-religioniBts depends solely on the attitude ho assumos towards tho Romanists. Let him damn tho Pope and help to oust Papists from Parliament; let him soowl ac Papist- friends and neighbours whose worth has stood tbo test of many yoars ; let bim, when advertising for servants, state explicitly that "no Irish nor Papist" need apply —and lo 1 he will be enveloped with a nimbus of Kudos and Kentish fire truly dazzling. But, oh I Shade of Luther ; oh I Chicnno of Cbiniquy 1 Refrain, worthy liberal Protestant, from foster ing Romanism by subscribing to Roman Catholic building funds, or investing "Tommy Dodds" in sixpenny raffieB at Roman Catholic bazaars. And hoary-headed mayors of provincial muni cipalities — grey old Australians who first saw tbe light wbon "first fieeters" wore many in the land, and a Polding and a Thorry gavo a liberal tone to Catholicism, and a Bronghton and a Cowper rendered Protestantism loveablo— beware of opening Roman Catholio bazaars or super intending Roman Catholic lotteries, else a portion of tbo "39 Articles," lime an antique banner, redolent of Aughrem and the Boyno, will be flaunted in your face by way of reproaob for your apoataoy, os evidenced by your pondering to the Scarlet Woman who Bittoth on the Soven Hills. That this baleful spirit of religious in tolerance, that like a devastating forest Are is spreading so rapidly in our midst, may soon be quenched in its own ashes, is "a consumma tion devoutly to bo wished." And that sectarian partisans, although they may hate an olion creed as they do Satan, may learn to observe and entertain a spirit of Christian forbearanco to wards those of thoir fellow oitizonB who worship tho same true God in other forms than they do, is the earnest aspiration of every true liboral who has tho weal of Australia truly at heart. Agression, bo it religious or political, will always be resisted by Britons. But when tbo battlo against agression bas boon fought, and nobly won, let the hatchet be bnried, and let peace and goodwill reign in our midst, whilst every unit of the population places a stnrdy shouldor to tbe wheel of national progress, and helps to hasten tbe day when Australia will occupy a conspicuous niche among tbo nations. 