, THE CHRONICLE . , OF RUTH WYNGATE; -> A TALE OF OLD AND NEW ENGLAND. By Annie Lucas. ' CHAPTER XII.— (Continued, i And Hugh, dear Hugh; my gentle brother- friend, was certainly no less kind and dear. He was apprenticed to a master carpenter, a rich and' godless man, who had taken advantage of the need and distress of tho widow and orphan, to" bind both by a hard and unjust contract, which retained Hugh in his service till he should be twenty-one, at a far lower rate of payment than he was entitled to receive. The agreement had heen entered into when the widow was just recovering from a long and dangerous illness, and want was staring them in the face. But the busy needle, which had supported mother and -son entirely for many years, supplemented those small earnings ; and in the deep devotion of her son, and in the full, unwavering conviction that the "all things" of their outward circum stances, were those that were working together as no others could for their true good, the widow rested in full content. But Hugh was young and' ardent, full of youth's high hopes and aspirations, conscious of being endowed" wicbl good powers of mind, which he longed/ to use and cultivate for the benefit of his 'fellow-men and the glory of God. Therefore 'it irked him sorely1 -to spend the long hours of each day in the society of the rude, illiterate' boors' of his master's work-shop," " engaged- 'in ' the manual labour ho 'often found ' it hard - not to 1 regard as waste' of time, but as the stepping' stone : to thC'purposes on which his ;eye was fixed, God's yoke laid. on him in his jyouth to toach hini the lesson of patient waiting wo are all so slow to learn. ; That the' desire .of his heart would one day be 5 granted him, he doubted not, and with the quiet earnestness of his ' nature he pressed on to the mark. Every spare moment was devoted to the studies he pursued under all the disadvantages of solitude and1 poverty and discouragement. But he never thought those "spare moments" in which he could render some kindness to the needy and suffering, ' and was ever ready to lay aside his books when his mother needed his attontion, or when I drooped tinder the pressure of my sorrow. i As I grew stronger, his mother often left me to his' carc while she went - to make her small purchases of household necessaries, or visit a sick neighbour. And those hours were among the pleasantest of those days. Hugh would lead me away from my own sad memories, and tell me of his hopes and aspirations and' purposes, or of things new and strange to me, and of wonder and interest especially of that New World beyond the sea, to which the minds of so many were turning as to a door of hope the Lord was opening, for his oppressed and faithful people— a door opening into a new life of liberty and holiness and peace, unshackled by the fetters of ecolesiastical tyranny-and papistical assumption. There all Hugh's life purposes and hopes centred. " For, he said, each' year - that rolled by only narrowed the sphere in which a man— to whom the Wordjof the living God was the rule of life and doctrine — had liberty in England to labour for God and his fellows. There/in winning from the wilderness the fair and fertile lands on which to raise the Christian' homesteads which' should be the cradle of a. nation yet to be,' a nation that should fear God and work righteous ness— in devoting heart and brain to the mould ing ' and culture of the infant communities,' iu the pure principles of moral equity and civil government, resting on the solid basis of God's holy daw— in making known tho glad tidings of great, joy, in the gospel of Christ, to the poor, benighted sons of the forest and the wild,— was work for all willing hands, and true hearts, and faith-filled spirits'; busy fields of noble, hopeful labour, white for the harvest, but with ; few reapers at work— fields'in which each man might toil at his appointed task with hands unfettered and spirit unbowed by the galling restrictions of unjust and oppressive laws. And when Hugh spoke thus,- with those deep, earnest eyes of his,' all aglow, and- his clear, young voico tremulous with strong emotion, 1 a' kindred ' enthusiasm glowed' in my heart, and he found in mo what youth ever loves— a response to its cherished hopes and dreams. The subject was no now one to me. To the story of the noble- little band of English exiles who had crossed the wide, stormy Atlantic, in the ship Mayflower, to seek on those far, inhos pitable shores,' the liberty of conscience denied them in their own belpved land, I had listened many a time with 'interest ' ever deep and new, as I sat at my grandfather's knee in those dear twilight hours I love so well. Amidst that band was ono very dear to him— the gentle orphan cousin who -had been brought up in his home, who hadjbccome thejwife of John Carver, the Puritan gentleman whose fortunes' and influence were afterwards so nObly employed in the service of his fellow- exiles. He had suffered much through his Puritanical teridioies ; and it was to one going forth as an exile for conscience' sake that the young and gentle Elizabeth Wyn- gate gave her heart and hand. They wore married in the last year of the reign of England's Protestant Queen, when those ; who, in their narrow and extreme, it may be, but whole-hearted and con scientious abhorrence of the faintest shadow of the old superstitions and formulas, ventured to raise their voices, or protest by their non compliance, against the rites and vestures which, to them, were not forms and garments merely, but a part of tho accused system of Antichrist, —or worBe, still, to impugn the queen's darling dogma of her own personal title to the supremacy of that Church whose headship belongs alone to the risen Man at God's right hand in heaven, — were in danger not only of the dungeon but the gallows, as the recent executions of John Penry and Henry Barrow and John Greenwood had proved. Elizabeth Wyngate was content to leave home and-friends and country for the sake of him who had chosen a portionless orphan ob the sharer of his 'life. But voluntary exile was a orime in those days. The ports were closely watched ; imprisonment or heavy fines were the portion of those who would have sought in other lands the liberty of conscience denied them in their own, even of those who aid ed their escape, By stealth they had to quit the shores it broke their hearts to leave. A few days after their marriage, John Carver and his young wife sought to leave England from the port of Boston. The captain of the vessel that had been engaged waB a villain, and be trayed them and their fellow-exiles. They were seized on board by the officers of the port ; men, and women, and helpleBs children dragged, amidst bitter insult and mockery, to the town gaol ; their persons searched and proporty rifled. Some were released speedily, others confined for weeks and months, Elizabeth shared her husband's imprisonment, and probably saved his life by the tender care with which she nursed him through a long and dangerous attack of the dreaded gaol fever. It was this remembrance that gave mo the idea of going to my grandfather in his prison cell. He had dwelt with approval and tender ness on the pious devoteduess and lovely unselfish character of Ihe beloved companion of his youth; and to seek to tread in her steps, when placed in circumstances so similar, seemed to me a right, and most worthy, emulation of it. Ultimately, Mr. Carver, and his devoted wife, succeeded in escaping to Holland, and after some years of exile, they sailed in the Mayflower to New England. .It was long ere tidings reached my grandfather of his loved Elizabeth —tidings from her never came. Chosen governor of the new colony,; John Carver nobly bore his part through the first terrible winter, wheu cold and hunger did their deadly work so well ; but when, with the soft spring breezes,-, hope revived; amidst those , that were left, of the noble pilgrim, band, he was suddenly stricken, unto death, and; was speedily followed to the grave, by his brave and faithful wife. ' i'. p ' iAU that l;knew of her, and that pilgrim .band, I loved to talk , over with Hugh; and in.return, he would tell me of that New World, of which I knew nothing— of its ancient forests and mighty rivers and spreading, lakes ; of its vast;, prairies and rugged mountains ; of its fertile soil and abundant flowers and fruits ; , of its strange wild beasts and birds, ; and still stranger and .wilder men ; of the smiling homesteads, and peaceful villages, and thriving cities, inhabited by. a free and God-fearing people, where less than half a century before, had spread pathless forests and tangled wilds, peppled only by . fierce, benighted savages, Thero was a steange fascination, too, in the. records of early, ad venture .in that vast Western; World— of tho wild hopes and vain visions, that had lured men on through years of toiland peril, such astbatof the aged and gallant Spaniard, Juan Ponce de Leon, whose dream that the. long-sought , fountain of life, whose . magic waters . would bring, back the bounding pulses and high hopes of youth to frames and spirits spent and wearied like his own, would, be found gleaming in its deep forest shades, was all undimmed, when, with the. poison of an Indian arrow circling through his veins, he lay. dying in the gorgeous woods of Florida; or of Ferdinand de Soto's long undaunted search for gold, ending only in the delirium of fever in a dreary ; swamp on the banks of the mighty Mississippi river, and the , midnight burial of a dead leader in the midst of it swift, sullen waters. And in the mournful histories of his mother's people, the persecuted .Huguenots of France, who,, fleeing from the rack and the dungeon , in their own fair, land, to the flowery shores of Florida, fell victims to the vengeful bigotry of Spain, lay a deep and mournful interest to Hugh, and scarcely less to me. Yes, those hours spent with Hugh Nowel were very sweet and pleasant to me. It was hot only that my weakness and sorrow drew out all the sweetness, and protective tenderness of his naturo and that, from, the first, he gave to me such gentle, thoughtful kindness as a wise and loving elder brother, might have shown ; — this naturally, added to all lie had done for my grandfather, , drew out . the affections of my heart towards him, and made me cling to him as trustingly and confidiugly as I had done'in the dreadful night on which he had found me ready to perish in the .snow. But there was. more thau this : a quick, ready comprehension of the dim thoughts, and feelings, and questionings, which I could never have ventured to breathe to any but myself ; a power to draw out in me all that was good,., and right and pure,— to lift me out, , of the morbid introspection to which I was even.- then prono ,; and . I think also, .what was more' than all,, there was between us that' strange, subtle, indefinable, affinity of spirit,, which often makes, the friend of a month or a day, in some sense, nearer and dearer to us than the one who has walked beside us for years. . . CHAPTER XIII. GOLD TRIED ' IN T1IE :FUr.XACE. " Happy arc they that learn in Him. . Though patient EufToring teach, The secret of enduring strength, And praise too deop for speech; . Peace that no pressure from without, \- No strife within cn.ureaoh," — A; L. Wajuso; , Widow Nowel's life-story was one of much and bitter sorrow. ; Would that I could 'give it here as , I heard it from her lips,— mot in regular Order but in scattered snatches," called forth by some question or perplexity or need of mine, woven in with words of holy wisdom, which fell with a sacred charm from lier gentle lip3. 1 That may not be. . Written words would ill conyey the lessons taught by the sweet, childlike'trusi that beamed through the tears that would rise in her dark bright eyes when she spoke "of 'the loved and lost ones of her youth, of blighted hopeB and withered joys ; tho glad smile that played over her delicate features when she told of the faithfulness "of Him who loved her so tenderly, and so fully redeemed His promise : ' " When thou passest through the waters, I will be with thee ; and : through the 'rivers, they shall not overflow theo." And ; though' I cannot linger even over such broken memories of the. occasions ; which drewforth,|or the special lessons linked with, each scene of that life-story, which will, perhaps, come, back to me as I briefly trace it here, a place must be found for it in these Chronicles of mine. I: may fail to convey, the deep lessons it taught me even then ; lessons which came back to me in after days, when I was often tempted to murmur and repine, linked with loving remem brances of that sweet, smiling face, and clear, pleasant voice, and shamed me into a better frame. And it seems to me that the secret of the wonderful power and charm which went with the simply-told records of her past life, to other hearts than mine, was just this : It was never to .'draw, out pity for herself from those to whom she spoke, or sympathy with her deep and bitter losses and sorrows, that she related even the'darkesb and saddest passages of her life. No ; never. It was always to magnify God's faithfulness, to 3how the rainbow in the heavenly cloud, to win drooping and fearful hearts to cast all their burden upon Him whom she had so fully tested and proved as the tender, compassionate sharer, as well as faithful bearer, of her own. Widow Nowel, the lowly, unpretending needle woman, was born in a stately chateau of France. Her father, the Sieur de Beauvoir, was the head of a family that had stood the brunt of all the terrible persecutions and cruel wars that had been the portion of the unhappy Huguenots. Her grandfather had fallen on the gloriouB field of Ivry, two of his brothers had perished in the terrible St. Bartholomew, and there was many a heart-stirring record of the martyr faith arid Christian heroism connected with their line. Aimde was the youngest of six children. Her earliest recollection was of a day of terror, when, looking through the window of the room in which she and her two young brothers were witli their nurse, she saw the terraced gardens of the chateau filled with soldiers. A confused remembrance of fearful sounds, of clashing weapons, and savage cries, and dark blood stained faces, and tierce rushing flames, came uext ; then of a night spent In the thick woods uear the castle wheu she had clung to the neck of her pale, silent mother, and besought her not to look so still, so like the white lady of the fountain in tho chateau garden, but to smile upon her, to take her out of that cold, dark, dreadful„wood, back to her ownjlittle bed, from which her father would miss his little Aimde. She remembered how her childish words suddenly' changed herjmother's stone-liko calm ; how, clasping her passionately to her breast, while the hot tears fell like rain upon her inno cent face, she moaned, " Thy father 1 thy father ! oh, my child, he is dead — dead — dead !" Dead 1 the word had but a vague sound of un- comprohended terror to the little child ; but she learned in after years the story of her father's tragic fate. The wrongs and oppressions under which the Huguenots groaned, in spite of the Edict of Nantes being professedly observed, had again driven them to arms. The Sieur da Beauvoir had raised a; body of troops, and was on the eve of proceeding to the relief : of the town of Montauban, then besieged by the Duke d'Epernon, when, his purpose being discovered, his house was' surrounded by a detachment from the royal army, and on his refusiugto surrender, a fierce but short struggle ensued. He fell on his own hearthstone, and tho chateau' was burned to the ground;' Fearing lest her children should fall into the hands of the Catholic party, Madame de Beauvoir flod to Rocholle, and thero Aimie's childhood passed, if not iu splendour, at least in comfort.|Sho was the pet and darling of the household. How bright and winsome a thing she must have been in those early days, was evidenced by the sunny joyousness of temper, and warmth and tenderness of heart she retained after so many . sorrows. But she was hut ten years old when the whole aspect of life was changed for .her by. the dreadful seige of Rochelle. The years that had passed since her father's death had been sad ones for the cause of the reformed religion iu Franco. Everywhere disaster had attended the Huguenot arms. Its. bravest defender, the Duke de Rohan, once laid down his sword with the words, " When we shall be more a worthy people, God will assist us more powerfully." Many abandoned the .. cause as hopeless,, and others received gifts from the king as the reward of their submission. But Rochelle, the last refuge of those who preferred death itself to the denial of their faith, , remained iinconquered. The king, Louis XIII., and. Richelieu, his ambitious minister, resolved upon its overthrow. While that glowiug hearth-fire remained unquenched, . 'Protestantism, they knew, \ would never be. extinguished in France., .Many, a tale of battle- and siege had I heard from old Giles, but none, that so stirred my heart to its core as this, of the last : heroic stand of the Pro testants of France. This was not owing only to my warm interest and sympathy iu the personal experience of my friend,, for it seemed to me as though it was for. the. same cause they strove as that for which my own people, the English Puri tans, had borne so many and great hardships and evils. But when I. said so, ..Widow Nowell answered : " I do not , Imow', my child ; in one sense it was so. It was for the right to worship the God of our fathers, after the, way they call heresy, we Huguenots strove — tho right to believe, and to preach and obey the precious gospel of the grace of God. Your ..English Puritans /aim certainly at the first,, but they want more, than, the last. , Each, party wants to make its own special opinions the bind ing law of the rest. In our ; country there was ono broad dividing.line — there was nd:difficulty in knowing upon which. side one stood ; in yours there. is a network of lines so fine and narrowthat it is hard indeed to tell where they begin and end.",; .(She, always spoke of England as " your country ;" it was to her tho land of her exile ;, her thoughts, and ways, even as tho peculiar idiom with which she spoke, were still French, in spite of the years she had been exiled.) " The line it The siege of Rochelle was undertaken by the Duke of Orleans, and then by the king in person. Ill-provisioned, and tilled with a teeming popu lation, a large proportion of refugees from other districts, the Rochellais watched the girdling of its walls by the besieging army, and the forma- ' tion of the great boom of stone and woodwork stretched across the harbour, with high, undaunted hearts. The mayor, Guiton. when "installed in that office, said : "I only accept the . office of your mayor ; under the condition' of thrusting thispoinard into the heart of the first, man who shall speak of surrender; let it be used against me if ever I think of capitulating,", and he laid a poinard on the table of the Hotel de Ville. Such was the spirit that filled the hearts of all. Deeply had the events of the terrible months that followed been graven oh the mind ofAimde do Beauvoir. At their commencement, they; were a loving unsundercd household at their close she, ana her eldest and best loved brother,. Gaston, were all that were left. One by one the others had passed away. Her second brother, Pierre, was struck down on the rampartB by the besiegers' cannon ; her two sisters were carried away by the wasting fever that followed in the wake of famine ; and the very day on whioh all hope of foreign succonr having been reluctantly abandoned, and the wretohed substitutes for food, which had scarce done more than preserve the survivors from death, being exhausted, the city surrendered, the mother, too, succumbed to the long suffering of body and mind. . She was being carried to the grave, as the king, unarmed, and with royal pomp, rode among the ghost-like shadows of men and women, whioh, in a feverish eagerness that barely lent them strength for the effort, thronged the streets to greet him — whose triumphant course was preceded by waggons of bread, unseen by them for five dreadful months — as their benefactor and deliverer. How my heart throbbed, and how my cheek burned with indignant shame, as she told of the long eager watching for the promised help of England— of the thrill of joy and hope that wont through the suffering city when the tidings flashed from lip to lip that tho long- looked-for English fleet had just appeared outside the harbour ! how the joy- bells rang, and the silent streets were filled with cries of joy, and pale wasted citizens pressed tumultously towards the high places of the city whence the English flag could be discried ; how Madam de Beauvoir, sitting watching by the death-bed on which lay the frail wasted figure of her favourite child, the youngest boy, with his father's brow and eyes, and grave, earnest smile, had raised her pale face and sunken eyes to heaven, and murmured, " My God, I thank thee 1 thou hast sent us helpers in our need ! — then the rest at least may be saved ;" how the dying boy had smiled his own sweet quiet smile, and said, "Now I am content to go to the land where there is no more hunger or thirst, since God has sent tho brave English to break that cruel bar. The Lord has been calling me all through the , night, , but I ' answered ever, ' Not yet, not yet ; not till the help for which we have looked so long comes to those I must leave behind.' It is come ; when the Lord calls next, I shall say, ' Yes, Lord, I am ready, now."' And the Lord's call came, and the v/eary spirit went home, and the wasted body was laid in ;the cemetery, so full of recent graves ; and still the English fleet lay motionless beyond the, bar. Day after, day, the pale, feeble, eager crowd toiled up the walls and high places of the city ;- night after night eager ears were strained to catch the sounds that should tell them succour was being brought undercover of the darkness. Little Aimde, and hor mother and sisters, alone then in the desolate house,— for Gaston was at his post on the ramparts,— watched from the windows for the tidings they were too feeble to soek without, and which were so slow- to come. At last, on the eighth day, some citizens rushed by, calling out the welcome news, that the English licet was in motion, and approaching the harbour. , ; Alas, for the eager hopes of, the suffering, heroic city ! Those who watched. from her , walls and towers saw the English /ships approach within a safe distance of the French fleet that guarded tho harbour, fire a salute, and then, setting full sail, turn round, and disappear from the straining gaze of the : bewildered citzons, without having struck - one blow for its deliver- auce, done , aught but raise tho hopes its; base and unaccountable desertion , had: so cruelly dashed to the earth. , . , , " Oh i that the Protector had ruled in England then, !" I . exclaimed, 1 while, tears of iiulignaut sorrow filled. my. eyes. . - " My child, God ruled in Heaven," my. friend answered ; " and ;; He . .let : these, things - be. Doubtless we Huguenots of France had learned to lean too heavily on .the arm of flesh. ; ; We looked for help from man, and we leaned on a broken reed.. We. looked to God andHe;failed us not." . " Yet he sent not deliverance.", ; ' Not the outward deliverance we looked for almost to the last, Ruth. , But His promise to His people is not, ' Thou shait not pass through the, waters, or ford the rivers, - or, endure the fire,;' tut, ' When thou passest -through -the waters, I will . be wilJt . thee.' How; fully that promise was fulfilled to His tried and suffering people in the overflowing waters and fiery, trial of their faith,, amidst - the horrors of the dreadful months that lay between the desertion of. the English fleet, and- the surrender .of the city those only who , shared them can toll. Ah, dear Ruth, God's, ways are veiled in mystery. Those who seek to interpret his heart, by his providences will . fall into many.grevious errors. Tho only gauge of the heart is the cross of Calvary. My little one,- when thou art tempted as thou hast been, and as thou wilt be again, to ask, Hath God forsaken ?' because where thou . lookest for light, comes darkness, whore,, thou expectesb- deliverance come added burdens, because, perchance, the answer to thy prayer, comes in its- denial, remember ' lie spared not His own Son, but delivered Him up for. us all ;" and ask thyself, ' How shall, Ho not with Him also freely give us all things Y\Tith' sorrowful hearts the Rochellais saw the cross raised on the summit of the, castle, in token that- Catholicism held sway, in . tho last strong hold, of the Protestants. The . king made fair promises, and granted.to the Reformed, the free exercise of their religion. But they had learned too well the value of such pledges, and knew it was scarce likely that the king should have ex pended so much blood and treasure for the mere right of granting to them the privileges for whieh they had striven so long. Many left for England and Holland of their own accord ; others, who had distinguished themselves during the siege, or whose well-known names rendered them specially obnoxious to the king, were ordered to leave the country, or give such pledges of their fidelity as in truth amounted to a denial of their faith. Among these last was Gaston do Beau voir. . (To be continued.) . In Spain, where Protestantism is having a resolute contest with Popery, the people are begining to see that it cares for the body as well as the soul, elevating the person, the home and society. The ProteBtant's house is clean; his i children are clean, orderly, and well taught, while the RomaniBt'b next door is dirty and disorderly. The Protestant schools are decent, bright and airy, strangely in contrast, in this as in other respects, with the Romanist schools. These silent teachers are gaining an influence that the priests will find it hard to overcome, — Southern Cross. 