Hurricane Cliff: A CHRISTMAS STORY OF LOVE AND DEATH. BY GABNET WALCH. PART II ON THE VERGE OF CRIME I The wreck waa a whole week's .wonder, and what with.interviewing Bulart reporters from the city, and a'keen Customs' officer blithe trail of wreckers' ''plants," lending a hand at the haulage of "flotsam jotsaui and lngoûd," and helping to improvise a modost littio cemetery near tho cliff, Mr. Pearson and his merry men had a busy timo of it. " Some," says poor, ill-used MaJvoho, " aro íborn great, some achiovo greatness, and some havo greatness thrust upon 'om." On this lant-numed category was Mr. Pearson placed, and Percy, the love- sick Percy, shared tho honours with his chief. They were alternately alluded to by Uappor, Hawke, Ferrett, and Twigg, tho represen- tatives of tho fourth estate who enjoyed tho station comforts and monopolised tho homestead's spare roonn, as " tho hospitable host," and tho " rising younc Burgoon," and if Porcy had chosen to take up his ubodo in that portion of Collins-street east, Melbourne, which tho pressmen conversa- tionally alluded toas " Butchers' Kow," he might have driven a roaring trade in consultations, nt any rato until tho " Loss of tho Catamaran " I ceased to bo "cross-headed" in tho journals I whenco Mossrs. Dapper, Hawke, Ferrett, and , Twigg drew their weekly salaries. At last all the étrangers had taken their depar- ture savotho much bo- paragraphed tole survivor, Mr. Robert Melville. Well enough after a couple of days to mix amongst his new friends, bo had mado himself so agreeablo to tho majority that Mr. Pearson's invitation to romain until after tho n6w year was as sincere as it was pressing. The Boachiown tailor had been requisitioned and had acquitted himsolf admirably. Clothed with new garments, warmed with old wine, and strengthened with the primest cuts of a mutton that had a name for a radius ol'a hundred miles, Mr. Melville did justice to his entertainment, and laid himself out to please. Brilliant in conversation, quick to understand and make himsolf understood, and surrounded by a halo of romance, this handsome, dark waif ot' the sea became a great favourite with tho ladies, and especially with Maud, who seemed to " take to him.," as tho vu'garisni goes, from tho outset.' A great favourite with the ladies-that is to say with tho exception of Mrs. Leslie, who, strangely overcome upon tho occasion of his first appear- ance, kept her room until tho departure of the last oity guest and only made her re- entry into the fatniy circle on Christmas Evo. They had left tho gentlemen over their dinner-wino and were seated round tho lamplighted parlour table. Sho was leaning back in au easy chair, shading her face with a palm-leaf fan.- Tho big groy eyes looked somewhat less brilliant, tho olear cheeks pa'er, and there was a restlessness of manner to bo detected by keen observation, but otherwise she was littlo changed, outwardly. Nono of her frionds, not even Bertie, had been made aware of tho good fortune communicated to hor by tho Melbourne lawyers. Tho memorablo saunter iu the bush had been fully occupied by one topic nnd ono aloue, and she had since had neither the opportunity, nor, to tell the truth, the inclination to niako further explanations. Treated by Mr. Pearson and Maud with tho utmost tenderness, as ono who had suffered much, but whoso futuro happiuoss BO evidently depended upon tho lovo which they or theirs could bestow, she could well afford to smile at tho disdainful sniffs and sly iuuendocs of tho virgin Saint Sarah. " I do wish those illustrated papers would study tho Truthful, not to mention tho Beautiful," ex- claims Maud, throwing down tho latest number of the Melbourne GRAPHIC, in which a distorted j counterfeit of humanity was depicted clinging in j an utterly inconceivable manner to an equnliy impossible shelf of rock, the entire composition labelled '* wreck of tho Catamaran-miraculous escape of tho solo survivor." " Lt is certainly a shame to caricaturo Mr. Mel- ville Uko this," agreed Maud's mother, glancing at tho offending picture. " Such a handsomo man, and so polite," chimed in Miss Sarah. "His reminiscences of society in rho creat world of London aro most entertain- ing." " Indeed they aro," echoed Maud ; " don't you think so, Alice ?" " I really cannot say-I am so difficult to enter- tain. Does he talk of leaving soon ? " To which Maud somewhat eagerly replies that I on tho contrary ho has consented, at proa's urgent request, to romain a wook or ten days longer, whilo Miss Sarah confidentially whispers to her own inmost soul that she wishes a certain reduced adventuross sho wots of would not only talk of leaving, but lcavo. '* "What a providential escape ho had," observes Mrs. Pearson to Mrs. Leslie, making this highly original remark for probably tho thousand and first timo. "Vory," is tho curt rejoinder. "You don't sooui to tako auch an interest in him as wo do," snys Maud; "how is that?" Tho good house-mother smilingly obsorvoB that Mrs, Leslie's thoughts are probably occupied in a ditto rent direction. JNothing has as yot boon made publie about tho engagement, but eyes, and especially fominino eyes, wero manufactured for a definite purpose. " Ah, yes," cries Maud, with loving emphasis. "I'm so glad. To-day at dinnur waa tho first timo, Alico, that you had seen Hort ie sinco your fainting tit. You goose, to bo no affected by tho sight ot' a half-drowned man." fe Miss Sarah hero causea tho chambers of bur inncr-consciousncss to reverberate with tho senti mont, " Givo «ii! women of nerves ! " Then Alico, rising, and laying asido bor conve- nient fan, suggests that sho shall givo them a little music. Maud jumps at the idea, "as a moans of charming- tho lorda of creation to our Bide, you know," she says, as sho runs to the piano and opens ifc for hor friend. (Alice not only plays but sings. Her choico ia "Olí ! yo Tears," and the riehnotoaof hor contralto voice do ample justice both to melody and words. She feels what eho eings, perhaps. jtJut she is interrupted during the Inst verse by the en tranco of Mn ry, thc housemaid, ushering in Ethel, who comos to say good-night, and having punctiliously performed that ceremony in a series pf kisso3-Miss Sarah receiving ber share muchasif ifchurfc-loads "herown mamnia" off asan audiínce for her prayers, and especially for a new prayer which she has invented " for tho poor gentleman saved from tho wreck." "That's right, isn't it, mamma?" she asks, when tho addition lins been made to " Our Father" and tho few simple phrases forming the little maiden's orisons. I _ " Quito-quito right, my darling," is tho re I joinder-but ch ! what is it that seems to choke j tli9 passage of the words and give thorn Dead-Sea apple tante in utterance ? Returning to tho parlour a few minutes later MTE. Leslie finds them all assembled. The rescued Mr. Melville is chatting j: nil y with Maud, Percy is iiderettincr about, ovidentlv'diseatisfied with the manner in which his divinity's attention is being occupied, old Mr. Pearson is lighting, his pipe at tho glass-doors leading into the verandah, and Bertie- Bertie advances to her with a loving nrailo ard loads her to their own particular seats in tho recess where a cunningly arrayed flower stand forms a half scrcon. of blossom and foliage. Pearson; senior, having succeeded in lighting his pipo to.his entire satisfaction, announces that tho evoning has deeponed into a beautiful starlit night, and adjusting tho big telescope on its stand upon tho front lawn bids all and Bundry to an extemporaneous lecture on astronomy, with him- self as amateur Proctor. Molyillo offers Maud his arm, which she readily takes, regardloso of tho baleful lijght in Percy's eyes, who bas to con- tent himself with couvoymg mat erin milias n7id aunt Sarah. Bertie will follow with Mrs. Leslie,, shortly. The stargazers file out, Mclvillo turning: os he passes through tho verondah doors, and giving a sharp significant glance at the leafy recess. Strange that so handsome a £aco should be subject to such a disfiguring nervous twitch it surely was not a premeditated grin ! Now that tho lovers aro.leftEa-lcne, play we tho eavesdropper awhile. Tho soft nothings of these billers and ccocrs must be chronicled as a pattern for all wooers this morry Christmas-tide. It is Bcrtio who speaks Jirgt. "Now that thorn is no fnar of intorruntion. Alice, will you not give u.c soruo explanation or tho alteration in your manner ? You aro too good, too pore to deal in tho dovil'p.gamo, which the world caÜB flirtation. There must bo BOUIO deep Iying cause for tho change. What have I done ? r How havo I offended ? Tell mo my faults, dearest, that I may then confess, and beg for absolution," To which pretty speech tho lady malees no reply for a full minute, unless, indood, an almost con vulsivotrcmor.aclenchingof thowell-ahapcdhand upon an unoffending chairarm,.and a contracted look of pain in sweet groy eyes, can bo called un answer. At last BIIO speaka I " Mi\ Pearson, I am not by any menus well yet, my nor ees havo been a good deal nh.tkon, and-" To which Bertie, interrupting-"Thereis some cruel doubt, sonic subtle wrong. I know it, trace it in tho tone of your voice, read it in tho altered look of your half-averted eyes. ' If tho misunder- standing lins orison from any act of mino-" " Oh-No, no, no !" " Thon you acknowledge mo as your accepted lover-you do not withdraw your promise, to be- come my wife ?" It was litro Mr. Melville's kiud thoughtfulness, that at this juncture ho should return to tho room fer chairs for tho elderly ladies; and, unlike his gallantry, th at ho (should now.remain. But, eaves- droppers ourselves, why should wo object to his listening. Alice pauses a moment before sho replies to Burtie's pressing qucslion> then Eays, slowly and distinctly " What I said last Monday was said with per- fect sincerity and truth," and thon, with quicker, less controlled, almost gasping speech-"oh, pray be satisfied with this at present. Lot a day or two pass; Jet me regain my full strength, and then-" " And then," he continues for her, " then, wo will announce our engagement. Well, bo it BO. 1 cannot quito fathom your full meaning in this ; but whero I givo my lore I give nay perfect trust, and none but, your own lips shall over destroy that trust. So, I will wait; is that what you re quiro ?" " Yes ; a day or two, only a day or two !" Sho gives him her hand, which ho salutes like a good cavalier, and loaves her to herself. Rising to go to Uer own room, she does not at first notico Melville, who, stepping forward from tho shadow of a curtain, touches her lightly ou the wriBti She starts with s\idden terror. "You!" Ho speaks low and rapidly. " Don't- faint and be a fool. We've devilish few opportunities for a talk. Sit down." Sho does so, mechani- cally. " Now Jook hore. I've just beon witnoso to that pretty lot of lovemaking, and, curious enough, I'm not an atom jealous. Lot mo state the caso : Youthful squatter takes a fancy to a lovely but ponniless widow; lovely but ponnilosa widow jumps at youthful squatter, and is all but becoming Mrs. Squatter, when a certain indivi- dual, who shall bo nameless, most inopportunely turns up. Certain individual hns a prior claim to tho lovely but pcnnilcES, but however much ho may appréciai o her beauty, does not consider it a sufficient set-off against hoi poverty. Hence, certain individual does Hot fool inclined to inter- fere. Ho arguen thus:-Lovely widow married to youthful squatter will bo penniless no more. Sho will havo command of a pretty long purso. What thou is to prevent her from saying to certain in- dividual-.' bo dificrcot, bo silent, and I will give you of tho coinage of tho realm.' " fg" Wretch ! what do you tako mo for?" " Well, I onco took you for better, for worse, found you, of course, principally tho latter, so far as squeamishness nnd »look modesty went. ¿Voto, I tako you for a woman of experience, amd (?>?? " as a woman of exporionco,;I'say to you, if you oau'fc be happy without paying for it, rnako a . - virtue of necessity, ba happy and shell out." " And do you think ?" she asks, hor whola voico aa full of loathing aB hiß is of cunning, sarcastic devilry, "do you think that for all the joys of Heaven I would commit a crime-ana such > a crime?" To which his answer is ready enougk-" " Crime ! crime be hanged-a little quiet big- amy is nothing," to which he adds, under his breath, " when you're used to it." She rises, and would swoop past him to her .if room, but he again detains her; this time with quito a painful prossure on her wrist. , , "Excuse me-not yet. Well, wo'll drop tho Mrs. Squatter idea for tho present. We will not ' hastoj to tho wedding'-on tho contrary, wo will . . abjure all thoughts of a second alliance; wo will cleave to our own lawful husband and prepare to renow the battle of lifo by his sido. We thought ' him under tho daisies, but a kind Providence has washed him to our feet, rind, having first carefully dried him, we fcalce him to our longing arms once moro-" . " What, live with you. Endure a daily hell ! ?-Never!" i - He replaces his sudden frown by a villainous snoor, much as one may alter a hasty blot into a Jess intense but equally unsightly smear and says, still in the low, rapid tonos that characterise tho whole conversation . " Pshaw ! llomombor how fond you wcro of mo nnnn." "A sin that lies upon me still ; a hideous re- membrance-tho ono thing in tho past for which I never can atono j that I, nurtured as I was, in the very midst of all refinement, should so far| have outraged prinoiplo and, abovo all, taste, na to havo wastod a single thought on such a reptile." He feels tho writhing woman's taunt, but : -will not acknowledge it. Ho laughs 1 lightly, and Bays- ? . ; .. \- " Go on, call me pot names. I'm glad to seo you have a little fire in voa still. It may come .-? .in" handy if I want to u?o it. " Lot us resumo the ? business part of our conversation; where did wo leave off P Ob, at your highly melodramatic de <.. claration of unwillingness to take up your abode with a resuscitated spouse. Well, strange to say, resuscitated Bpouse doos not object to the refusal, he even goeB so ;fnr as to say, 'jolly glad to hear it,'-but thero is a daughter on the premises, a ? sweet budding girl." . Tho mothor's haart thrills with a new terror, beforo which her own shame, the wreck of her own happiness, aro but shadows cast by Gossamer. "What would you do; you would not take her away?" And ho, more coolly than evor " Steady ! my game is, and always was, money. You haven't got any money (sho gavo ono fleet ingjhalf-smile, which|he|does not notice), so you're no portion of my game; but tho little lady in question, proporly handled, may bo worth a lot of money. Now, you hold your tongue, and I won't interfere with you. I shall quit tnis place soon, for I hate tho humdrum horrors of this homoly lifo. When JL go, I shall leave you be- hind, to ¡your own devices, but the certain little lady goes with me ; you understand ?" ' . At this moment they aro interrupted by tho entrance of Maud, f ollowod by Percy. Melville at once changes his tono and subject. "Yes, my dear Mrs. Loslio, that was exactly .what the countess said-a sweet orcaturo tho countess. Ah, Miss Maud, I was just telling Mrs. Leslie about somo of her old f rionds." "Well," says Maud, with a captivating little moue, " tho next time you undertake to bring Mamma and Aunt Sarah chairs, you may as woll try and exocuto your commission in loss than a o uar ter of an hour." "A thousand pardons !" " There, you're forgiven," says the capricious 1 ; beauty, taking his proffered arru. "And, Mr. Bol .ton, yon may bring the chairs." And the three go out into tho open, tho" rising young surgeon" cursing tho hour when his know V ledge of tho pharmacopoeia resulted in restoring "this insufferable prig," as ho now calls hun, to life. "He will take her with him. Ho will rob mo of my darling Ethel, my ono sweet comfort all this weary time. Ho shall not havo her. Eather would I toll him of this misorablo money and buy her from hin with it. Ho shall not take lier. He may expose, disgrace, ruin me, but her puro soul he shall not touch." , These aro tho mother's thoughts as she retires to her room ; these aro tho feelings that cause a new and dangerous light to shino from tho depths of thoso tenrloas, terror-haunted eyes. Take caro, Mr. Melvillo, clover and unscrupulous as you aro, you havo something stronger to cope with than an interrupted dalliance, as you doom it-you aro opposing somothing moro powerful than oven the course of tho truest oí all truo loves botweon man and woman. When Alice roaches hor room, sha finds Ethel rather restless in hor sleep, muttering fragmonts of her prayers, and especially of the new prayer , ??. for'him. " Had ho a spark of feeling, a grain of " human pity, I would bring him to this little bod side, and let him liston," thinks tho mothor, " but alas ! I know him too well." How is it to end ? . Shall BIIO fly with Ethel at once? Little uso in that, for ho would be suro to follow and assort his rights; and sooner or later ho must find out about tho monoy-money now hateful to tho almost frenzied woman. What if sho were to tell him of t, and purohaso with it Ethel's poaco and purity. What assurance would she havo that he would not squander tho monoy first and claim his daughter after all ? And so her distracted soul boats ngainst tho bars of her dostiny, until hor brain seems ready to givo way. Meanwhilo poor xJcrcy, snubbed, at all points, alike by Maud 'und Darno Fortuno, and finding no opportunity for a leta a teto, rotroatn in des- pair to his bod-room laboratory, and «eeks solaco in the completion of an exporimont from which he anticipates groat results. Half an hour lator he is ongagodiin mysteriously enticing into bin ohambor ono of Miss Sarah's Humorous feline pots, against whioh, by the way, ho has an old sooio for broken or upset vials, tost tubes -whisked to ; fragments, elements untimely mixed into com- pounds. What happons within tho chamber, amidst those Borgian cabinets remains for ever a secret j but from that night forth, Titania, t abby quoen of cats, is seen and heard no moro. Some- thing elso, however, is hoard by Mrs. Loslio, as sho returns to tho parlour on her way to tho lawn to bed, an early goodnight. Tho something is a cry of exultation from Percy ac bo opeus the labo- ratory door and holds up a tiny little bottlo appa- rently containing water. " Congratulate me, my dear Mrs. Leslie j at last I havo found it. I have discGTOrod tho north- west pasaago of my ambition-the source of a Nilo of Fame-the Philosopher's stone of my fu- ture fortunes. Behold in this small vial Professor Bolton's new poison." " Poison !" says Alico, a little startled by the word, but too preoccupied with her own rostiese thoughts to pay much hoed to the rest of his tri- umphant speech, " Yes, poison," ho continues. " I've boen try- ing for this ever so long. See, it is colourless, it has no smell, aud it is all but tasteless." And ho hands hor tho bottle for her to examine more elosely, adding, " You may snio.l it with impu- nity, but you had better not tasta." What new thoughts aro stirring in tho hunted woman's mind, what adda intensity to look and grasp as she holds tho spoonful of distilled death to the light. Nothing, surely, but tho natural outcome of her norvous state, for she asks .him politoly, but almost unconsciously and did you distil all this to-day ?" " Yes, within tho last few hours." " Indeed !-I congratulate you, if it assists you in your studies; although you can't expect much rympathy with them from ladies." " I'm aware of that, Mrs. Leslie, and, in fact, you are tho only ono I intend to lot into t he secret until it is duly patented, protected and blazoned about by the medical journals." He is quite oxcited by his discovery, speaking more volubly and rapidly than his wont. "Weil, it looks harmless enough," sho says, holding it up to tho lamp once more. " Is it very fatal to life?" " ltathor. I'VQ tried it," blurts out Percy, " on a-on a small scale, you know," he adds, while tho ghost of a reproachful " mcaou" echoes in his ears. "I supposo it wou'd bake quito alargo quan- tity to do any actual mischief to a human being," continuée Mrs. Leslie, shaking tho vial gently so as to cauao its contents to Bparklo in the lamp- light. "Largo quantity ?" cries Percy, "on tho con- trary, its chief beauty is that half a dozen drops -would suffice to send Chang, the giant, to tho land of Po." " Dear me," sayB the lady, " how very powerful. You must take great care not to leave any about." " Of course. I keep it locked up close, in a .cabinet." "It certainly is an important discovery," sho proceeds, ¡with a Bmile. "Prom what sort of a plant did you distil it ?" " I'll show you," ho exclaims, and goes towards tho door of his room, but turning when half way, ho adds, " I know I can trust my secret with you, Mrs. Leslie." " Oh, certainly," she says, with languid em- phasis; and Percy, with a curt "of course," hur- ries into his room. Ko sooner ÍB ho out of sight, than tho woman's whole manner changes. With trembling eager haste and dilatod eyes, she searches on tho table, and then amidst tho contents oE hor work basket. When Percy returns a minute later, carrying a bundle of what looks liko inferior parsloy, Mrs. LeBlio is collecting her work together, prior to retiring for tho night, and ho does not notice that his bottle on the tablo is not quito so full as1 before, and that ono of Mrs. Leslie's slender fin- gers is capped by a ¡silver thimblo noe there when ho loft tho room, and, furthermore, nob usually worn upon that finger, for which ib soems a size too small. ? ? " uurious, very curions," alie says, examining tho plant ho holds for her inspection j then with a weary air sho bids him good-night, and they pro- ceed to their respective rooms. " Six drops," she murmure, as sho pours some colourless, scentless liquid into a vial in her own chamber. " Six drops, and hero aro fully twenty. Why did ho toll us at dinner that ho had to take midnight dosos of chloral hydrate, whon ho wakes from restless dreams. It is a dangerous sleeping draught to use, as there havo been many notices of an over-dose." The astronomical lecturo has been ¡over some time now, and Maud and Mr. Morrillo have been busy cutting armfuls of flowers and greenery with which they docorate tho pictures in tho parlour; Porcy remaining in hin room amongst his chemi- cals, until thoro is a great movobedwards; a visit by Maud to Alico, who is in bed and apparently sound asleep, and so with promises of Christmas greetings at tho early dawn, tho little housohold Bottles down to rest. "Ah !" ruminates Mr.Melville, as ho leisurely undresses, " making running hand over hand. Nobody nooms to suspect. Mrs. L. keeps judi- ciously silent. Sho's evidently playing hor own gamo with tho juvonilo squatter, whilo I-tra la-la- lim ! Bob Lester, my boy, wo'vo dropped into luck, at last, wo havo. A merry Christmas, Bob-a morry Christmas." With which picco of self-gratulation ho places Dis bottle of chloral hydrato handy at his sido, leaves tho window open at tho top, and tho door slightly ajar, for ventilaiiou, as tho night ia somewhat close, jumps into bed, and is sound asloep-and snoring a peculiarly virtuous anoro-in less than ton minutée. * * ? * # # lb is almost midnight whon a whifca-robed figure steals noiselessly into tho central parlour, whoneo many of tho rooms radiate in this old fashioned cottago-built houfio, passes like a ghost to Melville's door, batons for a while and then peors in. A ray of mooulight shines across the bod and shows his handaorno, oloar-cnt faco. Tho figuro steals noarcr, nearer, till it renchßs tho small round tablo at the bodsido, lifts up tho bottle standing ready thero, and ÍB about to pour, something into it from a tiny vial, when through tho still midnight air comes faint sound of far-off Christmas bolls, tolling tho old old story of now born Christ, ringing eut their sweet ruessnge of "poaco on earth, good will towards men." The figure pauses, sees a vision of a little praying child, and falling on its own trembling knees, tho mortal mother, saved from crime, prays to the Heavenly Father to pity and forgive. (TÖ na CONTINUED.) 