FROM VARIOUS AUTHORS. BHIiEOTED BY HEADERS OS THE HERALD. By Hameaway, AuJ thus It Is cvor with thoso that nr. dear, lhntli toonott dotli Bovor iho brlntost onus liuro, Tliiue cmos who aro uo.\ru«t entwined round the bosrt lliese onto Ib.t are dearest the uuoueet depart — u. Tub Hbaiit's Skouets, .It In well that no spectator, uto permlitod to catch a clhupoa of onr benrt'a seertts, thai tl o dcor la never opened to let anyone enter to view onr unseen ghosts. If wo havo our oencs 1(1 thb ftlnhf nn fnlrtninKh trinltn M. . wu. »u u»rq dob too world should witness our dinappolntmsats trad mlebnpB, Dt- op in cnoh heart's undreamed, ansougbt necks' lie burtid many a fond idol, mray a trorimo. Our apectcoa siacd befjio us Iq tbelr dead fotm, aud we tonou iheir Icy baads prcBS Uiise ou their ctid Hps, Tnoy sro ooa- Btnntly sauntering »ut from their graves ; we algb aud tveop btouias .we cunnot olasp endr liviug prcaonce within onr arm?. It ia Oati« tbo world ehould uut kuocv our hartA' sscretc; its bitter uonru aud \ti oald ulty would bectow littlo eyiopathy; it would usither condole nor boIadb us uuder mcrcilcaa dlaap polntmeot and witberea hopes, Wg miagte ia tbo wblrllog throngs of humau briue; wa cross tho bruad ccenn; wo travel through fcriipu cnnutrlee. Wbo reads tbe heart's secrats ? To whom nro they vovealed ? Tnoy may bo Ruoocd, uoujraturod, suspected, but tboy aro cot voluntarily cxpouod. \Vo prefer tu cbut (.hem up wituln tho rcaesBss of our Imenics far out of eight, — Reductions of a Philosopher. llsd wo nover loved sao blindly, Had wo uovorlovod aio mlniliy ; Never mot, nnd nuvcr pirwitl, Wo Lad uo'cr bcou broken hoarto l. —Burns, Now, ffo&'t livo a siQRlo npnr ol your ilfc without duiog oiaolly what is to be dono Id it, ard going tratibt through it from beginning to end, W01L-, play, etudy, whatcvor it Is, take bold at ono?, and fiutih It up squarely fir.d clouuly ; and then do tho nextthiog with out letting auy moments drop out botweon, lteck ye belovol, cmuq homo— tbo hour 5 Ol army « groo.tug toao ; Tlio tlmn o! iho h«arrh light and of eoug lluturua, and yo are gone. —Horn nn. Of all living creature,, man ti the! only ono wbu uot bio fwou turned towards tbe cnttb; bo walks with his eyca dircoted towards Eleavoo. »h ! to mark tbo superiority of bis origin.— De Flovo. , I bear n voice you cannot bear, Which Lias im> not to stay ; 1 sco a liHiid you umh'-t atu Which beckoLB ino away. — Tlokel!. 