Florence Tvpvov; OE, DAYS OF YORE A Rom«»» of fte Sentkern Seas. <* BoundUts Incident* of Mjlfteryand tynUty Excitement / CHAPTER Xl. A DAER. CLiJOD OS TBE SOHtZOS. < Never mind, Elten We shall eoon now he anchored in port no more to tempt the boisterous main. I am to have two thousand pon nds besides expenses for the service I bare tome to England to render Captain Parker.' * Two thousand" pounds'! lt tenet be very important service 1' ' Well, it will no donbt have very impor tant reBnlts. I am here to make inquiries which will «nable the captain to decide how he shall go to work to espouse s young, singularly beautiful, 8nd enorajouiriy tfcalthy heiress. He but "half unveiled tifa' scheme to1 me, but I can see s hole through a ladder as well as most people.' 'Captain Parker, then, I suppose, is a young, handsome man, desperately in love with this paragon of a damsel Y ' He is not young ; but very young-looking for his age, which must be well on to forty. Handsome he is, which you will admit when I show you his portrait presently. As to love, he never felt he was capable of love in its true sense, though I believe-without having proof to offer-that he hst gone through the ceremony of marriage half a dozen times, more or less. At this present time be bas a wife, so called, ai Sydney, and two daughters. i w ' And you are aiding and abetting him in this infamous scheme I It is evii money you are earning ! Ah, my brother, it will do you no good 1' « You talk wildly, Ellen. Had I not con sented to act for Captain Parker, he could easily of found someone else to jump at the chance of doing so.' ' What temptation, may I ask, has the young lady you describe had to throw herself away upon such a worthless libertine Y ' I don't exactly know how it will be done, Ellen ; but my firm impression is that Cap tain Parker is in a position morally to coerce her into marriage with him. Sue is now at Lord Howe Island, under the guardianship, I understand, of a Doctor Conway.' ' Doctor Conway. I know him well, and that a worthier gentleman never existed. He will be no party, depend upon it, to coercion of any kind.' ' Probably not, but I would make any wager that the captain will succeed in his design. He is the wiliest as well as the most I daring man alive. But I have not shown you his portrait. It is here in my leather bag.' Rivers unlocked the bag, drew out a narrow, case, opened and placed the portrait before his sister. A fierce, piercing cry burst from Alice the instant her glance fell on it. 'Good Heaven !' she exclaimed ; ' Morton, my hus band !' John Rivers leapt back as if he had been shot. ' Your husband, Ellen 1 ImpoBBible I' ' It is true. He took it secretly away, when he left me for the last time. Look ' There is a spring at the back. I have it.' She p-essed the spring, the copper back flew open, and John Rivers read with blazing eyes, written in Parker's well-known band, ' To my beloved Ellen Rivers, on the ere of our mar- ; riage.-H.M.' j There was no longer room for doubt, and j the brother sank down opon a seat, stunned, bewildered, overwhelmed. That condition of mind did not last long, and when aroused from it, John Rivers was a changed man. The demon of avarice, the greed of gold, had sot left him ; bat to these were now joined the furies of hate and vengeance. The day was drawing to a close when the heated conference between the brother and sister terminated. < £ understand you perfectly, dear Ellen, and rely upon it I shall play my part un swervingly, for your sake. L am greatly re joiced to find that not a particle of tender ness or affectiou for the worthless viii ian lurks in your heart.' ' Not the slightest particle, John. Bnt 1 fear your rashness.' ' Heaven bless yon, Ellen I' he said, stort ing np. The mail steamer sails at twelve to morrow, and I shall not see yon again for some months. Do not tremble so : I shall be cautious. Do not doubt it. Farewell, once more ! Stay 1 There is a small parcel in my bag for you. Again, farewell, dear Ellen I' 1 An instant, and ho was gone. »»***# ' Glad-rejoiced to see yon tienderson !' said Captain Parker, shaking hands with bis returned envoy "on the Jeck of the steamer which had had just brought up in the harbour. How cold, calmmy your hand is ! Have you been ill V ' Yes, with a malady I never before ex perienced,-spasmodic affection of the heart and brain, accompanied by fever.' ' The «Jueoe ! Tlnit sounds like some!liing "cry bud indeed. You must consult Doctor Tredgold. A good dinner ut the ' Stnr Hotel ' will do von no harm. Let us be off ¡lt once. We have much to talk about. I lea>e ¡Sydney for nonie months, the day after to-morrow.' Captain Parker and his accomplice, or agent, occupied a private room ; and when dinner was over, they both were warmed with wine, thc captain entered at onco upon business. Henderson was cross-examined rigidly upon ull thc points, and suggestions set forth in his letters from Combe Hall. Replies were quite satisfactory. ' There can be, then, no bitch in the busi ness !' said the captain. ' Theie is no peg t<> bung a doubt upon.' ' Certainly not if thc young lady consents to go io church with you.' 1 What do you say ?' exclaimed th« captain, ' If the yo'ing lady cousuuts to go to church willi me '. Who put that into your head 7' ' I'attly yourself, cuptuiu, partly tjiiuiuuns, mho helped row you on shore from the Alba tross. I put that and that together, you know, and am quite sura-i am right' ' Perhaps yon are,' «aid. Captain Parker. J. At all events, yon have folfiUed your mission -4 with cleverness and discretion, and if all goes right, I shall make the two thousand I pro-' urned yon three.' * Will you, indeed ? How very genMWJB I exclaimed Henderson in. an aocent of ironical ! sarcasm which, in the smouldering rage and bitterness of bi» heart, he could not repress. The captain looked keenly into the eyes pf his agent-tool, as be deemed him to be. It . * waB not the first time during the conversation - that Henderson's jeering tone had jarred npon bis ear. WhBt might it mean ? Bah ! Tho jeering tone existed only in his own imagina- - tion. Didn't he know Henderson ? « Well, I ch think it gênerons, Henderson ; and more tb^j that, if you are not satisfied, and areje'are'ful to be as discreet as yon have proved yourself clever, I don't ^hink_I_Slifi]i«»i mind springing an extra fire hundred 1' ' I shall be perfectly satisfied, Captain Parker, when the affair shall hare been wound up and determined at Combe Hall.' ' Ha 1' Captain Parker started and changed colour ut these words, of which there was no mistaking the tone and equivocal mean ing. He would soon ascertain what the impudent knave was driving at. Meantime he mast dissemble, ' We ebal! wind up the affair quite com fortably ; there is vcty little doubt of that. By the bye, yon need not have troubled your self to bring that bundle of vouchers. I shall not look at them.' ' When I left for England, you directed me to preserve and bring them to you.' ' Yes, I recollect that I did but I was not nure then that the affair would promise so gloriously as it does now. Shall 1 order another bottle ? No? Well, I d.m't myself core about it. I shall not be very long out of bed. You will stay at your old lodging, I suppose ? You intend to do so ? Good night, then. I shall see you to morrow.' «»*»«* ' The fellow's manner is very queer,' thought Captain Parker-' strangely queer I I can't make it out. It may, however, be mere fancy on my part. What a heap of vouchers 1' he continued, untying and taming them over. < As the old drinl ing toast has >t, Henderson, in his journey through life, likes to live well on the road.' ' Here is a pretty voucher, for example 1 I wonder who the deuce the guests were ! ' Royal Hotel, Northampton. ObanMjagne supper for nine, twelve pounds ten. BM and breakfast, fifteen and sixpence.' P#ftty well for a seaman at four pounds a mojfth average wages 1 Hallo 1 What the deuce is tbis ?' suddenly exclaimed tbs captain, aloud, and turning very pale. ' Surely I know the cha racter !' He hastily opened the startling paper, glanced, with dilated eye, over the contents, and with a .''.«îf-groan, half-scream, fell back in the chair, utterly insensible.' lt was a note written by Ellen to John Rivers at the Inst moment, and which had been delivered to him on ship-board. It was full of cautions as to how he should deal with that black-hearted villain Morion, alia» Parker, counselling him to be prudent, but, at any hazard, 6ave MÍ6S Trevor from shame and rui<i. The brother had inad vertently tied it up with the vouchers. How long Parker remained in a state of total insensibility, he could not have told him self. But be was just recovering conscious ness, when Wilson, who had landed a short time previously, entered the room, where he had been informed he should find Captain Parker. ' Hallo, most noble !' he exclaimed, slap ping the captain familiarly on the shoulder. ' What's tho matter-asleep ?' 1 What's (bat ? Who'a lhere ?' exclaimed the captain, springing to his feet, and glaring wildly about. * What's that I Who's here ! Why, I Wilson, am that, and am here ! What the deuce ails you ? Yon look like a ghost, or as if you have just seen one ! 1 met Henderson in the street, and he says everything bas gone slick as greased lightning. Why don't yon speak, man alive, if you n e alive ?' --- - ' Brandy !' gasped Parker. 1 Give-give me brandy I More ! Ha, boiler now 1 How came you here. Wilson ?' ' Have you quite lost your senses captain ? Didn't you send me word by Armstrong to brin»; thc Alhatrobs ailinn four or five leagues of Port Jackson, and come on to Sydney «iv self ?' ' True, true ! My mind hos just received > n terribie shock. All our fine schemes most be Hung to the w inds. The gulden dream has vanished. But how could 1 have imagined ' Henderson to be- But take up that paper I I have let fall. Read it.' ' I can make lillie out of lin's,' said Wilson. ' Some treachery is on fool, thai is plain enough ; but 1 don't sec the ins mid outs of it.' ' Listen. I will exp ain.' Wilson listen'.'.! wiih both ear« ; and as ho did so, ihose organs seemed to stiffen-elon gate. When Parker ceased speaking, bu drew a long, heavy breath, and, with a liercu oath, burst out nilli ' Ten thousand corses ! Why this is niter rum-destruct jon ! Hy «ll (.he devils, it's enough lo make 'inc believe in a retributive Proviilei.ee ! What's to bo done ?" ' That, Wilsen, requires careful, deep, iui mcdiaic consideration. 1 sec (ml <'iie way - a dari; one, which I. (hough no ch ii -Urii-heartcd fool, >? dudder lu contemplate' ' Lei me share your tlimvjht. d.irlc ns it may be Wc must not, captain, lie. baulked of this great chance through any sijucnini*h IICSB. Consider the degraded, perilous life men lunn and educated ns we were huvi led for sn many years : herding with the scum af human-kind, exposed lo linoiiliations, con'empt at «very torn'. I, f"r iny ¡»rt. shall stoji at not bing if bv one f.'o.l b'ow I can permanently retrieve nu fumín"*. 4 t >or minds, it is (dam, are M. one in the matter. You fe. 1. Wil-.e, ns I ,i..-t tl at ibis Henderson ibis liners is a serpentin our [>atli." j (7a bc conti"'"d^ 