). Old Playbills. I No. 8. . "Theynra the abstracts and brief chron- ' iclos of the time." — Hamlet, Act 2, Scene 2. In order to vender these series as I interesting as possible- to our many y reaaen„ v:ii imiue the loan .of ola playbill: for the purpose, of publica- 1 t-ion, wh i--h shall be returned, at earliest I opportun ity. Please .forward, Editor, Lorgnette Office, ' Royal Lane Mel- ) bourne.' Under most depressing circnm- I t stance- 'be '"eminent" tragedian, Mr . Barry Sullivan, made his first appear ance before au Australian audience at I the Theatre Royal (now burnt down) . on the evening of Saturday, August 9, 1S62. The stage had been used for » some time before, as. a home for Bur ton's circus, and the equestrian season only closed on Ihe previous evening. I The stage and theatre was in a filthy . condition, and only a scratch company could be gottogetherfor the legitimate i season. The play was " Hamlet," wirh Mr Sullivan' as the" moody Dane, 1 and he was .supported — if our memory i\ fails us not — by Mr Henry Neil . Warner as The Ghost ; Mr T. Belficld, The King ; poor dead and gone Paddy Gardiner (father of the late Mrs Alfred Phillips), as Polnious — with a most delicious Irish brogue ; Mr Harry Jackson as First Gravcdigger, ' Mr Charles Poole as The Queen, and Miss Joey Gougenheim as Ophelia The " star " became naturally disappointed and played but a very short, season, and iben went up to the Princess Theaire and played in conjunction ' with Mr Joseph Jefferson1 8ydney then became the scene of his triumphs, but, before leaving Melbourne for that , city, he said that it was his intention to return to Melbourne, to ran a thea- ' tre of his own, and would engage the , best company that had ever .been got i together in the Southern Hemisphere. ' That- this was no idle boast will be borne out ou perusing the following bill of the play : — THEATRE BOYAL. .Solo Lessee and Manager.. .Mr Barry Suiliuan, The Public are informed that the above mag nificent Temple of the Drama will re-open : under the above management. THIS EVENING, SATURDAY MARCH 7, 18G3 During the recess, the followini alterations and improvements have been effected, viz : — The entrance to the Dress Circle has been entirely renovated, newly carpeted, and ad ditional lights and ohandeliers introduce d. The Dress Circle seats have been enlarged and a greater i ntermediate SDaee allowed to each occupant, making them combined with luxurious getting up all that the most fas- idions can desire. The laiiy patrons to the Dress Circle are also informed that the clonk room, with its atten dants, also the two new retiring roQnis, ele gantly furnished, are- placed at their service . entirely free of clmrga. The stall seats liavo been restuffed- and im proved. v ... The stage footlights so arranged, and the new orchestra so formed as to give additional . , ' comfort to the numerous patrons of this do- lightful part of the house. The upper circle seats have been re-arranged, ' raised, and backed, svhich. with the additional lighting and tho veatilntion introduced will ' make the npper circle perfect for seeing, hear ing, and comfort. The pit has been entirely cleansed, and will maintain its prominent position in the public estimation. The gallery has alBo received an improvement which it, is hoped, will give additional comfort and convenience to its patrons. Tho Eminent Artist, BARRY SULLIV AN Will re-appear, supported by the most talented members of the profession, inoludiug the Star Company of Australia. Mr Robert Heir, Mr J. 0 Lambert, „ Chas. Young, „ A. Fitzgerald, „ Harwood, .„ Chapman, „ Ireland, „ Bnrford, l „ Morrison,' „ Hope, „ Andrews, . ; " ,. Ford, I ,R.Rogan, (Jollingwood, „ Macready, Gladstone, | „ Mason „ Cull, Mrs Robert Heir, , Miss Rosa Dunn, k „ Fitzgerald, Mrs AlfredPhilips, Miss Tilly Earie, Mrs Chapman, ) „ Milne, Miss Corcoran, Tii : Fagan, Miss Higgins, f Miss Murray itc., ' The following prices of admission have been ' ) determined ou; and the management confidcnt- Ijr trusts that the public will support him in f nls endeavour to present the highest' intel lectual amusement at the lowest possible' | charge, 1 ' . . Vi. j GALLERY, SIXPENCE. PIT, ONE SHILLING. j UPPER CIRCLE, TWO SHILLINGS. STALLS, THREE SHILLINGS ' DRESS CIRCLE, FIVE SHILLINGS. I Half-prico to Dress Circle at D.iiO, Half -a-Crowm I No fees allowed '.any servant of the Estab lishment. The season will commence with Sheridan's \ Inimitable Comedy in 5 nets, entitled, / SCHOOL FOR SOANDAL. With the following unapproachable distribu- V tion of Characters. / Sir I'cter Teazle .Mr J. C. Lambert \ Sir Oliver Surface i ....... Mr Harwood : ' f Sir Benjamin Backbite ..Mr Chas. Young Joseph Surface .Mr Robert Heir Charles Surface ....Mr Barry Sullivan . I Crabtrcc ....'Mr Chapman Y Careless . .'...Mr Ireland ( Sir Harry Bumper.. . . .; Mr Hope ) Snake. . .Mr Gladstone ( Trip ..Mr Morrison j Sir Toby '.Mr Maoready f Moses i Mr Andrews , ') Rowley Mr Cull' ( Servants. ..Messrs. Ford, Collingweod & Mns6n:. ) Lady Teazle Mrs Robert Heir ( Mrs Candour Mrs Alfred Phillips ) Lady Snccrwcll Sirs Chapman ( Mafia . '. . . . . r. '. 'Miss Rosa Dunn 1 Maid .'. Miss Murray ( — ,-o j ._ To conclude with the very lnughable farce, ( MY WIFE'S . SECOND FLOOR. ( Supported by-Massrs Hahvpod, UharPs Young, ) Andrews, Irolaud,: Mrs : Phillips, Miss Milne, ( and Miss Tilly Earle. ' : ) Box Office open for securing seats. Pass out \ ' checks are not transferable. ( Doors open at 7 p.m. Commence at 8 p.m. ( 