HELBOHRNE. (FEOSI oue owx correspondent. ) -Friday Evening. There seems to be a general concensus of opinion on both sides of the House that the long struggles for Reform ; are nearly ended, and that we are approach ing a beatific settlement. Parties are moving towards the subject now in a truly compromising spirit, and some fur ther developments have taken place to day which induce the belief that after Tuesday we shall lay this troublous ghost of Reform effectually. In fact, the only-important difference of opinion ap pearsto be with respect to the ratepayers' roll, as against the more restricted fran chise, for it i3 pretty well understood that the Government will surrender on the question of allowing councillors now in office to exhaust their tenure. "What people really wish they can generally ac complish, and from the efforts to arrive at an understanding made to-day it is pretty clear that we have turned the corner, and got on the right track for settlement at last. \- The Catholic section, now seeking Con servative support, have, I hear, succeeded in securing the adoption of Mr Francis Quinlan as candidate for 2iorth Mel bourne. The selection doe3 not matter much, for the seat is a certainty for Mr Munro, hut Mr Reynolds would have scored a much higher poll. The Con servative party appears to "be always dis astrously advised by its fuglemen. The Police He ward Board has con cluded its sittings and adopted its report, Sir. Charles Macmahon, who baa been absent from most of the previous sittings, having been present at the one which took place this morning. It was found, however, that, after the recommendations for reward had been added up, some slight miscalculation had been made, and therefore the final signing of the report was deferred until Monday. The Board have throughout acted steadily upon the principle first hud down, that the rewards should he confined to those actually present at, and assisting in, the capture of the gang. Even, had Aaron Sherritt lived they would not have felt justified in recommending him for a share of the snm Toted, although his exertions proved of much assistance to the police, and probably helped to compel the hush rangers to break cover. The Government i of 2s ew South Wale3 left the whole derision, so far as affects their subsidy to j the snm, in the hands of the Board, i without appointing any representative, and they have therefore been compelled to adhere conscientiously to the extent of the exact phrasing of the proclamation. Of course, this has led to some apparent injustice, and men, such as constable Faulkiner, who were most zealous in the pursuit, have to he ex cluded, because, fromheing on other duty, they were temporarily absent at the time of the fight at Glenrowan. Eor the same reason apparent sympathisers who as sisted the police "fiz-gigs," and bush telegraphs, have been excluded from all participation. In fact, so great is the terrorism existing in the district that only one claim was put in by a person of this class, and that in a feigned name. Con stable Bracken has recently submitted Ins elaim to the adjudication of the Board, and he will receive a good slice of the money, hut the largest amount will he paid to Mr Curnow, as the Board hold that, hut for him, the police force might have been destroyed, and there would have been no fight and no capture. The other amounts mainly fall to the officers and men present at the fight, including, of course, Sub-Inspector O'Connor. Mrs Jones' assumed claim has been, of course, ignored ; and Mrs Sherritt will be pro vided for by the Government, who, I believe, intend presenting ber with the sum of £300. The revenue returns will not he pub lished until to-morrow, although in the hands of the Government Printer. They showmostsatisfactoiy increases inneariyall the leading items, and the gain in probate duties alone is significantly indicative of the vigorous policy now pursued in that branch of the Law Department. The Hon. the Attorney-General, with Mr Harriman,ha3 been absent from town the past two days, pursuing a delicate investigation, of which nothing must yet he said. The Minister of Mines, with Major Couchman, has proceeded to Sand hurst. It would be well to warn sbepberds to watch their pegs by night, for the Mi nister proposes pursuing a remarkably active policy in respect to the forfeiture of unworked mining leases. A large transaction in station property was recorded to-day. Messrs Ettershank, Eaglestone, and Mann report having sold, on account of Messrs Matheson and McDonald, the Kilgera station, in the Dar ling district, comprising 13 blocks of country, with purchased land, 144,708 sheep, cattle, horses, plant, etc., to Messrs C. F. Mackinnon and Co., at a satisfactory figure ; terms cash. The recent torpedo disaster has stirred the Customs officers into activity. To-day notice was given that on and after the 2nd instant no nitro-glycerine com pounds would be received at the Salt water Diver magazine, but that arrange ments would be made to store them in one of the bay bulks. Tenders were opened to-day by the officers of the Railway Department for the supply and carriage of 39,000 tons of coal from 1st May to 31st December, 1881. The tenders were alternative, namely, for the supply and delivery at Newcastle, conveyance from Newcastle, Coal Cliff, Jervis Bay, or Griffiths' Point, to Wil liamstown, Geelong,and YarraTarra,and for the supply and delivery into the rail way trucks. Sis tenders were received, but a3 the conditions varied no definite announcement was made, and all the ten ders were referred to the department for report. Owing to Mr Elsdon's absence at Franks ton on railway business no decision was arrived at, but it is expected that the name of the successful tenderer will be disclosed to-morrow. Three tenders were from New South Wales firms, and the balance came from Melbourne houses. Only two tenders were received for the supply of 48 sets of points and crossings, the lowest being that of Messrs Howard and Crook, for £811 10s Gd. The sittings of the General Sessions for the current month were commenced to- day. His Honor Judge Cope presided. Mr C. A. Smythe prosecuted for the Crown. The most important case on the list was that of Asher Lamen Samuels, who was charged with shooting with in tent. The prisoner was committed to the General Sessions in mistake, and to-day his Honor remanded him to the next sit tings of the Central Criminal Court. A well-known character, named William Lane, alias Barney Lane, was charged with stealing a watch and some jewellery, but as the evidence of the principal witnesses was not thought to be reliable the pri soner was discharged. The other cases were of an unimportant nature. A decision of some interest to publi cans was given to-day by the Collingwood bench of magistrates. A local licensed victualler named Denis Power was charged, under the 55th section of the Statute, for permitting disorderly persons to be upon his premises. The evidence showed that on the 19th inst. a fight between two men took place in the yard of defendant's premises, and that a num ber of people assembled to see the " mill." For the defence it .vas contended that the publican was not in any way a consenting party to the affair, and the Bench, agree ing with this contention, dismissed the charge. ~ " [Bt Elecikio Tex.eoeaph.1 \- The nominations made for North Mel bourne are as foliow:—William Reynolds, West Melbourne, meat salesman; Thomas Amott, Hotham, licensed victualler ; James Munro, Melbourne, accountant; Francis Quinlan, St. Hilda, barrister ; William Gaunson, Melbourne, gentleman. The expected Reform League meeting, relative to the action of Messrs Mirams' and Longmore, did not take place. Thursday, 21st April, is gazettedas a pub Jie holiday, the occasion being the eight hours demonstration. 