THINGS IN GENERAL. BY "RAMBLER." OUR misnomer, the Windsor School of Arts, is flourishing as of yore. The work ing of the noble institution is sufficient to stamp it as one of the best of its kind this side of Jordan. The Committee work with a superhuman zeal to commend, it to the subscribers. How far they succeed can be ascertained by interviewing any of the literary subs. The selection of books has hitherto shown to what an extent good authors are appreciated by the parties select ing. With few-exceptions, the works are of mediocre description, and of authors of very little calibre. Fancy any sane person going for one of the " Daisy series "-the person who suggested those soui-thrilling, interest ing, and romantic works evidently knows as much about literary pabulum as Jem Row thorn knows about Mahomet's father-in-law. In a public institution such as the School of Arts the varied tastes of the subscribers should be studied-it is hardly fair that one section of the community should have it all their own way-which is the case here-one can discover on the book- shelves so ma^ works on spiritual affairs that would lead him to believe he had strolled into a Druidi cal temple or an editor's sanctum. There are certainly a few readable books in the library, but there is such enquiry for them that a sub. has very little chance of getting on the track of one of them for a century or so-and then he is mildly informed that the book he enquires for is lost. A suggestion book is left on the table, but if one makes a suggestion the chances are that, he will be considered a vile man, and the books sug gested sufficient to bust up the whole uni verse ; and yet SP ch delicate works as wvixteu by Fielding- and Smollett ar« allowed -? ?-grace the sh^lv^s. W&at; consistency! ; T!cultivation of the mind seems to be little sought after-and as for arts-good lor !-you might as well look for a clean shirt on Jemn.y Ducks as to look for any such thing in our institution. Magazines are regularly laid upou the table-and if perchance one takes one up he will very likely find that the leaves have not been cut -showing how much they are desired. If the Committee dispensed with these " inter esting " periodicals, and went in for more colonial rewspapers, the wishes of the sub- ! scribers would be gratified. And as re gards the issuing of books-a list should be kept of the barnes of those enquiring for a certain book, and they should have an oppor tunity of taking it out in rotation. The lamps, more especially the one in front of the buildiug, are a credit to the care-taker. Frequentry, one is disturbed by mellifluous melodies wafted o'er the air of the reading room, dished up by some canorous parties. Altogether, the Windsor School of Arts stands out in boid relief as the greatest parody on a literary institution ever the world saw. DIOGENES, the other day, was prowling around this sublunary sphere, armed with a two-horse power lantern. The object of his search was an honest man, or, perhaps, a stray tanner. Whether or not he found one is not written. History so far repeats it self in this glorious land, that if one merely desires to find the entrance to a place of worship or an hotel he is necessitated to stand behind a " glimmer." Where is our boasted civilization ! Ghost of Ciesar ! must we eudure this ? It is meet that our good men and true bestirred themselves to remove this great evil. The peregrinating portion of our population, desirous of doing an evening's crawl are chary about it-for while so doing the jostling, stumbling, and profanity they are subjected to would make a bush missionary weep-much more our respected townies-we are behind the times, of a certainty. RÉMINISCENCES of the past are con tinually confronting me. In days of yore, when I was wont to hunt the stag, fox, and other birds of prey, with Mrs. Diana and her lively train-I was considered some in the manner of my equestrianism over brake, bramble, and Bathurst burr ; and you'd better nelieve that I was a few-I knocked spots off Actaeon and men of that ilk. The huntresses (some of them '. as putty as a spotted dorg ") generally were gone on me -and altogether I had considerably bully times. In the chase I was sure to be in at the death, and could sever the dorsal elonga tion with a dexterity second to none. It was the custom to present the " brush " to the favoured one of your heart, and fre quently jealous sirens would go for each other whilst contending for the spoil. We in Australia are now taking up the cue, but as we have no stags nor foxes to hunt, we must, of necessity, hunt hares-only we don't-our canine friends do it for us. The human venators don't go for the candal por tion of the animal-b.\tt secure his auri cular. It is now the correct thing to wear a hare's ear, and, indeed, it is an appro priate ornament for our fair ones-(that is, of the feuiirine gender) it being- emblemati cal, as it were, of all that is timid, gentle, and wayward. 