The Mysterious Organist. A LEGEND OF THE RHINE. Kind hearts are more than coronets, And simple faith than Norman blood. Argonaut. YEARS ago, at a grand old cathedral overlooking the Rhine, there appeared a mysterious organist. The great com-<*> poser who had played the organ so long bad suddenly died, and everybody, from the king to the peasant, was wondering wbo .could be found to fill his place. One bright Snnday morn, aa the sexton entered the church, he saw a stranger sitting at the crape-shrouded organ. He was a tall graceful man, with a pate hot strikingly handsome face, jjreafc black melancholy eyes, and hair Eke a raTen'e wing for gloss and colour, neaping in dark waves over his sionJdtrs. He did not seem to notice the sexten, bnt went on playing; and nieh music as he drew from the in strument no words con describe. The astonished listener declared that the organ seemed to have grown human— that it wailed and sighed and clamonred. Whea the music at length ceased, the ?exton hastened to the stranger and " Pray, who are yon, sir ?" ?Do not ask my name," he replied. "I bare heard that yon are in want of aa organist, aud have come here on triaL" ??.?.,.'. . :. ... "You'll he sure to get the place," exekimed the sexton, "Why you sur pass him that's dead and gone, eir." ,* u JJo, no—you overrate mc," re sooed the stranger, with a sad smile; and then, as if disinclined to conversa tion, he turned from old Hans and btgaa to play again. And now the arose changed from a sorrowful strain toagrandjold pean,and the mysterious organist, Looking npward foil of grace. Preyed till from a happy place ' Cod's glory smote him oa the face, aad bis countenance eecmed not unlike till of Saint Michael, as portrayed by GohJo. Lost in the harmonies which swelled anmnd him he sat with his far-seeing gtzefized on the distant sky—a glimpse ofvHeh he caught through an open iriadow—when there was a stirabout the dinrch, and a royal party came sweeping m. Among them might be seen a jonng girl, with bine eyes like the violet fine, and lips like wild cherries. This vts the Princess Elizabeth, and all ejrt turned to her as she seated her eof a the velvet- cushioned pew appro priated to the court. No sooner had the assic reached her ears then she tinted as if a ghost had crossed her b>o. The bloom faded from her cheek, aerlins?gaivered, and her whole frame grew tremulous. At last her eyes met those of the organist, in a long Teaming look; and then the melody "lost its jojora notes, and once more wailed and and sighed and clamoared. ? "By my faith," whispered the ting to bis daughter, ," thiauorganist has a toaster hand. Hark ye, he shall play ?tyour wedding?" The pale lips ef the princess parted, but the could not speak—she was dumb ?ftb grief; Like one in a painful orom, ehe saw the pale man at the organ, and heard the melody which fitted the vast edifice. Aye, full well ?be knew who he was, and why the in strument seemed breathing out the ?gmy of a tortured heart. When the service was over, and the raj?! party had left the cathedral, he stole away as mysteriously as he had fw. He was not- seen again by the ,wxton unto , the vesper hour, and then be appeared in the organ loft and com mented his task. While he played a reSed figure glided m and knelt near we shrine. There she knelt till the "onKppere dispersed, when the sexton toecbei her on the shoulder, and said: "Madame, every one has gone except Jon and mc, and I wish to close the door." ? ?"?' '????.???.- " I am not ready to go yet," was the WJ ; "leaveme—leavemc!" I .lie sexton drew beck into a .eli?dy I mdc, and watched and listened. The f orgamatretill kept his place, m his head was bowed npon tlie in ?tnunent, and he conld not sea the lone MTOtee. it length ehe rose from the ??le, and moving to the organ-loft, praed before the musician. "Bertram t" ehe mnrmnred. f .Qoiekae thought the organist raised tahead. .There, with the light of a Jam P "upended to the arch above falling ? BpoaLer, stood the princess who had i graced the royal pew that day. The I omrWress of velvet, with its soft ermine { tmnmiDge, the tiara, ihe necklace, the I "naWe, had been exchanged for a grey ; ?nge robs and a long thick veil, which £ fi? P n back from the fair girlish \ "Oh.Eliz.beth, Elizabeth t" ejacu ??a the organist, as he sank at her Bβ, and gazed wistfnlly into her I irooWed eyes, I we you here, Bertram ?" asked [ t l}? m * to ba joa farewell; and as ? loma not venture into the palace I WW ?eceei to the cathedral by bribing the bellringer, and, having taken the seat of the dead organist, let my mneic breathe out; the adieu I could not trust my lips to utter." ? ???";? ? . ? A low moan was the answer, and he continued: : "Yon arc to be married on the morrow?" .?? '.?" "Yea," sobb-d the girL " Oh, Ber tram, what a trial it will be to stand at i yonder altar and take npon mc the vows which will doom mc to a living death !'' " Think of mc," rejoined the organist. " Your royal father has requested mc to play at your wedding, and I have promised to be here- If I were your equal I could be the bridegroom instead of the organist; but a poor musician most give yon up." "It is like rending body, and soul asunder to part with yon, ,, said the girL " To-night I: tell you this—tell you how fondly I love yon; bnt in a few hours it will bo a sin. Go, go, and God bless yoa!" ? She wared him from her, as if she would banish him while she had the power to do so. And he, how was it with him ? Hβ rose to leave her, then came back, held.her to his heart in one long embrace, and, with a half-smothered farewell, left her. ! The next morning dawned in cloud less splendour, and at an early hour the I cathedral was thrown open, and the sexton began to prepare for the brilliant wedding. Flame-coloured flowers waved by the wayside; flamecolonred leaves came rushing down from the trees, and lay in light heaps upon the grounJ, and the ripe wheat waved like a golden sea, and berries drooped in red and purple clusters over the rocks along the Rhine. At length the palace gates were opened, and the royal party appeared, escorting the Princess Elizabeth to the cathedral where'her marriage was to be solemnized. It was a brave pageant far brighter than the unttiined foliage and blossoms were the tofts of plnmea which floated from stately heads, and the festa! robes that streamed down over tbe housings of the snpera steeds. But the princess, mounted on a snow white palfrey, and clad in snow-white velvet, looked p3l<-, and sad ; and when, on nearing- the clinrcli, she licard a gush of organ mnsic, which, though jubilant in sound, struck on her. ear like a funeral knell, she trembled, and would have fallen had not a page supported her. A few moments afterwards she entered the catiieiral. There, with his retinue, stood the bridegroom whom she had never before seen. But her glance roved from him to the organ-loft, where she had expected to see the mysterious organist. He was gone; and fhe was obliged to return the graceful bow of the king, to whom she had been betrothed from motives of policy. Mechanically she kiiclt at his side on the altar- stono; mechanically listened to the service and made the responses. Then her husband drew her to him in a convulsive embrace, and whispered : " Elizabeth, my queen, my wife, look up!" Trembling in every limb, she obeyed. Why did those dark eyes thrill her so ? Why did that smile bring a glow on her cheek 1 Ah! though the king wore the pnrple, and many a jewelled order glittered on his breast, lie seemed the same humble person who had been employed to teach organ music, and had taught her the lore of love. " Elizabeth," murmured the monarch, " Bertram Hoffman, the mysterious organist, and JKinjr Oscar are one! Forgive my stratagem. I wished to marry yon, bat I wonld not drag to the altar an unwilling bride. Your father was in the secret." While tears of joy rained from her bine eyes, the new-made ijncpn returned her husband's fond kiss, and for once two hearts were made happy by a loyal marriage.- 