ST. THOMAS' CIIURCH, NORTH SHORE. —*— North Shore was en feté on Saturday morning in honour of the visit of the two Princes, who took a leading part in the ceremony of laying the first stone in the new nave of St. Thomas' Church, Willoughby. The comparatively early hour—11 o'clock—at which the event was to take place prevented anything like a large gathering of Sydney visitors, but the principal residents of the picturesque suburb were apparently determined to mark the occasion by some sort of demonstration, however unostentatious, and accord- ingly all the available bunting was displayed from windows and housetops; the local fire brigades turned out in full uniform with their engine, and other arrangements were made to give something like éclat to the proceedings. In front of St Thomas' Church and in the immediate vicinity of the site of the nave, a platform was erected, to which ad- mission was gained by ticket, and a hand-rail excluded the general public from the spot where the ceremony was to take place. The day was beautifully fine—Queen's weather prevailing—and long before 11 o'clock between 2000 , and 3000 people were present outside St. Thomas' Church. A good many youths, and one or two of the "oldest inhabitants'' more venturesome or ambitious than the rest of the spectators, ascended adjacent gum trees, and from their exalted position obtained an admirable bird's-eye view of the pro- ceedings. As the time drew near for the arrival of he distinguished visitors, a good deal of subdued excite- ment was observed among the large concourse of people, who, however, conducted themselves with the greatest decorum and good humour. Shortly after 11 o'clock their Royal Highnesses Prince Edward and Prince George reached Mil- son's Point Stairs, whence, accompanied by Lady Augustus Loftus, Colonel Roberts, Lieutenant Nathan, A.D.C., and the Rev Mr Dalton, they were conveyed to St Thomas' in his excellency's carriage, which was followed by the North Shore Fire Brigade and a number of private vehicles. The Princes were received on arrival at the church by Dr. Thomas (Bishop of Goulburn), the Dean of Sydney, the incumbent of St Thomas' (Rev. S. H. Childe), several other members of the clergy, and the churchwardens, the band of the New South Wales Permanent Force in the meantime playing the National Anthem. Among those present within the enclosure we noticed the following gentle- men, namely,—the Hon. Charles Campbell, M.L.C.; the Hon. Francis Lord, M.L.C.; Judge McFarlane, Dr. Kyng- don, Dr. Ward, Captain Mann, Lieutenant Wigram, and Messrs. W. Tunks, G. H. Barney, C. H. Palmer, S. Kendall, F. Adams, and M. W. S. Clarke. The proceed- ings were opened by the choir of St Thomas' singing the hymn, " O be joyful in the Lord, all ye lands," and Dean Cowper afterwards offered up a prayer appropriate to the occasion. Prince Edward was then handed a silver trowel, which bore the following inscription:— "Presented to H.R.H. Prince Albert Victor Christian Edward of Wales, on the occasion of his laying the foundation stone of the nave of St. Thomas', Willoughby, Sydney." The stone was immediately lowered carefully into its bed of mortar, Prince George tapped it with the ivory mallet and Prince Edward said, " I declare this stone well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." The choir now sang the hymn "He is the Head of the body, the Church," and their Royal Highnesses and Lady Augustus Loftus were conducted by the Bishop of Goulburn, the Dean of Sydnev, and the Rev. S. H Childe into the church, of which they made an inspection. A number of people followed the party into the sacred edifice, but there was no unseemly crushing, and the Princes, though naturally objects of deep interest, were not, as far as we could see, subjected to any rude staring as they passed along the aisle. On the return of the party the hymn "Freely ye have received, freely give," was rendered by the choir and Prince Edward, on behalf of the Church, received the plate containing the collection, amounting to between £80 and £90, and laid it upon the stone. This concluded the cere- mony, and the Princes and Lady Augustus Loftus, with Colonel Roberts, Lieutenant Nathan and the Rev. Mr. Dalton, departed, the band again playing the National Anthem, and the spectators giving three hearty cheers. The trowel and mallet used by the Princes were from the establishment of Flavelle, Brothers and Roberts, of George- street. The trowel is of solid silver, with richly-chased border, and ivory handle carved and fluted. The inscription already mentioned is in the centre of the blade. The mallet is a plain solid block of polished ivory, with carved fluted handle and silver shield inlaid in the base with the Prince's monogram. Both articles are enclosed in a neat morocco case lined with maroon silk velvet and satin. The new nave of the church will be 120 feet long, with broad centre and side aisles, and will terminate in a large western porch giving a total length to the church, from the great west door to the eastern wall of the sacrarium, of 160 feet. There will be side porches in the north and south, while the large west porch will have side entrances, as well as that facing the main west door. The nave will seat 936 people. The tower and spire are to be placed on the south side of the church, and will not be touched at present. The design contemplates an elevation of 160 feet. The architectural style is Early English, with Venetian combined. The total cost of the new portion of the church at present finished that is, choir, transepts, and vestries— is from £6000 to £7000, and the nave will cost £4700 Copies of the daily papers were placed in a bottle deposited underneath the stone, and also a scroll which contained the following information: — "This foundation stone of the nave of St. Thomas' Church, in the Parish of Willoughby, was laid by their Royal Highnesses Prince Edward and Prince George of Wales, on the 6th day of August, in the year of our Lord 1881, in the 40th year of the reign of H.M. Queen Victoria, and the 93rd year of the colony of New South Wales. The Right Honorable Lord Augustus Loftus, Governor, the Hon. Francis Lord and R. D. Ward, Esq., trustees of the site; the Reverend S. H. Childe, B A . licensed minister of Willoughby ; the Hon. Francis Lord, Judge McFarland, and Dr. F. Kyngdon, members of the Building Committee; Charles M. Palmer, treasurer; C. T. Blacket, architect; John Jago, builder. 