CilATTIR X1Y. Tou 1'iBcnmirr, from hu toigiu of vaiiU^o, ruald im diilincUy ararrtlung in Hook »'. office. It was Tory evident that tht-rc wdi &n; uncomfortable feeling of oon jir.uiit between tho two men. diU* Hooky h.vl the appe&rAOM; of a man who anticipated aii impending evil; while Puffy was attempt* tug to Miunit ihf rile of one perfectly at hi* c*»c, while he wm oonftnunedly nerrw», and ipMmodicallT jolly-or at loMt land, " You will pardon me, Mr. PoffT," laid (ho liwjer, " if 1 fail to anderstud the drift of jour remarks which, to uj tha lea*t, are iu questionable taate,n " You don't like them," said Puffy, drily. "I don't like them, and I don't under* ?tand them," retorted Hooky, aaTagelyj " and let me tell you, ofioe for all, that I will not inbmit to thia aasumption of »uperionty on your part, which 1 look upon a* an impertinence. A Lardy <Uh 1" Mud Puffy, Thaw vu a aavaga gleam in the lawyer'» ojm, M he half rote from hit chair, apparently with the intention of Mixing hit companion by the throaW However, ha conquered hia impulse, and aai down Main} but the banker loit hia nonchalant air, and hia oolour at tha tamo tine. Ha had ari< dully gone too far, and ha appeared to ooma to tha ooncl orion that Hooky waa not a man to be trifled with. The man wan taking each other1* measure. After a moment's slenoa tha Uwyar said, " 11 yon will oaaaa your hinta and innuendoea, and state plainly what yon want ma to do, it will, perhaps, be batter for both of us." " I only want yon to do, for oar mutual benefit, what yon hare already dona for your own," aaid Puffy. " That u-F interjected tha lawyer, fan* patiently. ~ " Forge 1" said Fuffy, in a low tone* . "Oh!" ctq]timed Hooky, "you do ma too mneh honour," and ha leant baek in hU chair with the easy sir of a man who had inst discovered the point of a joke which had hitharto eaoaped him. " And to yon think that among my maul* fold accomplishment* I am fool enough to include that of the forger, ah P " Look hare, Hookr. let us drop this and oome to business," saia the banker, shortly. "Proceed, my friend, proceed," said Hooky; " unfola your scheme te the atlen* tire ears of yours truly. I admire your impertinence. I always knew yon were a rogue. I am ooasrious that I am not immaculate myself: bat I did net think before that yon were a fool; and I was oertainly unaware that I had given you reason to think that I was one. Bat go on, r> on, I am all atta&Uen;, Whose name am to forgo, pray, for our mutual benefit, ha! ha! tkt good! for our mntnal benefit, ho I bo!--what » coiasc of phrases Tin art, w The banker bit hi* lip impatiently, while the lawyer wu indulging In hia untimely merriment-which had a somewhat false ring abont U. Hooky laughed, bat the laughter vu forced. It did not ipring »pontaneouslT from a jocund heart, ot a tinkled imagination. It waa a atago laugh, and earned with it hardly even the ghost of merriment. 8ooh aa it waa, however, the lawyer suddenly ceased hU assumed mirth, and bringing hii jawa together with a map, tamed an enquiring look upon his companion. " What do yoa mean by saying, or initiouat ing rather, that I have committed forgery," ha suddenly enquired. 411 simply mean," replied the banker, "that I know yon have done it; that I can prove yoa have done it; but that I think it will suit me better to work with yon, rather | than against yoa." "In other words," Mid Hooky, "yoa I think yon have a hold on me, and that yoa will grasiausly permit mo to bocorao yaar eetVpftw." "We shall sharo equally," said the banker, " In tbe profit*?'' queried Hooky. The banker nodded a«»ent. " And the riaki P" persisted the lawyer. Fafly smiled in a depronating fashion, that he bad aoqnired by long habit of dping unpleasant thing* in u pleasant a manner as possiblo. " Supposing I refuse," said Hooky, " I should explain to yoa. that it wonld be better to reoonaider your vutnous reaolu 'Hon," aaid Pnffr. " Well then explain at onco, fur I emphati cally dtcline to commit a crirao for the nk« of enriching TOT," " And yourself," intcrjeotel Puffy. " Possibly," Mid Hooky, bat let raojhear yoar reasons for supposing that I am onpable of the crime, in tho reunite of wbioh yon are willing to share/' "I know, for instonoe, thnt yon forged John Thorns name to . iir«mir«ory note for £600." " And (apposing I *aid yr>a lied in making rooh a statement-what thra f" j'Then, I ahoald simply «<«y that yoar ob« .err*lion wai more rigoroiu than eorreot," replied Puffy-"batlet ms explain;" and, hereupon, Puffy nnfoldod ti» tho lawyer tho mean* hy which be had beoomo possessed of hia secret. Hooky listened to the narration with a eountcnanco in whioh the varying .hades of contemptuous incrednlity gave way to the oouriotion gradually forcod npon him, that the chain of evidenoo was complete. However. he waa not a man to yield without a struggle. He returned onoo morn to the charge. " All thia may be perfectly correct," laid he; " and yet, aa I deny the ohargo, it may only tond to prova that I have been the riollm of a base oonspiracy. What waa to prevent yoa from making thorn hieroglyphica upon which yoa plaao so rouoh stress, *fur tho bill eazno into your hands aa well as btfori it left my office t" " Certainly, there is something in that; and. if it were only a question of yonr oath against mine, I suppoao the ouo is u good, or aa bad as the other; bat the whole sur roundings of the cam tiro ahody, and the transaction will not boar inTeMigation; more* orer, I can bring a witnesa to prove that before the bill waa known to bo in existence, I had made these marks upon a blank form In yonr oflkce." (To be eantinuid.) 