WHAT IT MUST COME TO; OR, 400 YEARS HENCE. "Annie, my dear, what are you doing ?" said Mrs. Mohairk to her daughter. "Iam sending a letter of congratulation to Bessie, mamma; but the machine will keep writing about uncle's funeral, and I am positively tired of correcting its errors." "You have not turned the proper stop, I see," said AMrs. Mohawk, "you have let the mourning stop. See; now I have turned on the full wedding spring. It will work well, you will find." "Oh, thanks, mother. There, I have now finished capitally. Bessie won't mind a few erasures. She knows that the automaton is not perfect yet. Now, I must have this posted." She rose as she spoke and touched an elec tric bell. A slight movement was heard out. side, and in a few moments a mechanical footman entered quietly and held out his hand for the letter. A spring was touched, the figure bowed respectfully, and, turning round, glided calmly and silently from the apartment. "I cannot think how any civilised people ever lived with fellow creatures for.their servants," said Mrs. Mohawk, as the figure quietly left the room. "Our servants are most inexpensive, and no trouble." "Oh, mamma,don't you recollect the wor ries we had over Jane, the self-acting nurse maid. How she would take Charley and Rose out the wrong way, till we oiled her. She was screwed too tight, the man said." " That is a complaint our ancestors found in their servants, too,,I believe. But our mechanical cook is perfection." "Yes, at last. I shall never forget the trouble we had when General Fisks came to dinner. She went on stirring the gravy till it had all boiled away; and do you recollect the pancakes: She would ndt stop tossing until papa undid her, and, stopped, her ma chinery altogether. .Poor General!' how disappointed he vas about the coffeel I She stood quite still then, and wouldn't work a bit I". " Yes, my dear, you are right. Servints are certainly sohetimes a trouble even now. But who's that ," ' As Mrs. Mohawk spoke, a gentle ring was heard in the chimnhey-piece, and a photo. graph sprang out.. .:'It is Mr, Addin mamma," said Annie; blusling..." May he come in . "Certainly'dear. He is a very well be. haved young man, I like him very much.". '?Anmie waited,no secoiid biddine, She touched'a spriig and a panel move. In a few moilehit Mr.'Adin oanie sliding up like a ghost in the, '"CoCrican Brothers.' He greeted Annie' warmly, and her mother re. spectfully. "I have 'just beehn to see the Flying Race," he said. "The City Champion will win, I think. He appears very strong." !IHow far do the men fly, Mr. Addin?" asked M?rs. Mohawk. . ", Three hundred miles, there and back, as they say. I was very nearly going up with them, but my new wings have not been sent home. It is very provoking." "I am glad you, didn't. Now, have you anything to tell'us about the picnic on Thursday, Mr. Addin,"''said Annie " Oh, yes-I had almoest forgotten-. Iet me see. T..here will be five balloons, aisd Mr. Hankey will chalirone ours, for I. be lieve you and I are to be in'the same bal loon.' Here Frank Addin paused, and Annie red. dened, and said,." Is that all." "Oh, no I We are to go as far as Jersey, if the wind is favorable ; it not, we will work down to where the old watering place used to be-what is it? Dover-yes-down to the seaside, and then cross the Channel Bridge, and so to France." "How delightful! I do hope the wind will be favorable for Jersey," exclaimed Annie. "But if the wind be unfavorable, you will not be able toreturn by balloon, I suppose," said Mrs. Mohawk. "Well, perhaps not; at least not all of us. Captain Canny is going to pack up his air engine, and he will carry us home, three at a time. But I think we hau better fly. It is not very far." " You must wrap up well, Annie. I can not have you flying by night without a wrap a in your pocket in case of necessity." t "I will take care of her, Mrs. Mohawk; you d may depend upon me." said Addin, with a lover's glance at Annie. "Mfy wings are d very strong, and I can support her. I should like to do so," he murmured to him self. "- Oh, my own wings will support me famously," replied Annie. "But I am much obliged to you." "Oh, Mr. Addin, will you please let in a little cold air? This room is very warm, I 1- think," said Mrs, Mohawk. 4 Addin tgrned a stop-cook and. astreau. o j00 cold airwas gently disl.ersed throughout the "I, was really afraid our bottled Solar Heathad escaped the other day," said Mr. Addin, as he sat down. "The house was so dreadfully warm ! .Bit'it was only a caloric tube that was leaking." It wis fortunate that'it was no worse, said Mrs. Mohawk. "But?'fust you go ! Do stop to dinner; Mr. Mohawk will be very glad to'se e you:" "Where is he now' " asked.Frank, when he had gratefully accepted the invitation. 'I have not met him very lately.! "He is up at the North Pole," replied Mrs. Mohawk. "I wish he would not go to those common tourist places. I do all I can, but he will persist in seeing ' life in all its phases,' as he calls it. I'm sure I'will never go to such a crowded place again." " Wedidn't' like it at all," continued Annie. "It was so terribly depressing at times, It was all very well for the first week, before the excursion balloons began to run, and then it became unbearable even. There were some curiosities up there-some boatsi and' some icein aheets under a refri gerator in the museuim was very curious. They had beeni picked up many hundreds of years ago.' " HOW interesting,'! said'Addin. "Shall I tell Mr. Mohawk you expect' him to din. ner?" "Please. You will find the telephone'on that table.' 'By the bye, have you hetrd our new opera. Envelopes " '' "Not'yet. I 'ordered s set of Matti's ongs, and a few duets for our club parties, but I have not opened them." "Well, you shall hear a Matti now. We have quite a supply. Annie, dear, fetch me that packet in the left hand drawer of my writing secretary. 'Now, Mr. Addin, you shall hear our new soprano." She opened the envelope, and immediately a beautiful voice began to sing an operatic air. "Hots lovely!" exclaimed Frank. "Where is Matti engaged now " "In Vienna," replied Annie. "We pur chased these only yesterday, for one shilling ech.' ' We shall have a duet this eveninig, and some instrumental music. It is much better than going to a hot' theatre this wea ther, and no more expensive." "Yes, I find our comic singer's box very useful at our club parties. We put it on the table, and it gives us the most amusing songs. But, Mrs. Mohawk, if you will permit me, I will go and dress and return at seven My clothes are on my 'double' at home." "! We would rather see you than your double, though that saves a great deal of trouble. You remember that nursery rhyme beginning 'Double, double, toil and trouble."' "Yes; but my friend, Filler Jones, got into trouble the other evening. He keeps tweo mechanical doubles always-one in morn. ing and the other in evening. By means of his phonograph he fills them with conversa tion he wishes them to mix in. He was out of town when an invitation'came to a dinner party, and Jones wrote; to his sister to send the double in the evening dress.. The mes sage somehow was misunderstood, and she sent the one in morning dress to Lady Fid dler's big dinner I" "Dear me, how unfortunate." "Oh, but that's not the worst," continued Frank Addin. "The figure in the morning dress had been fitted for very different so ciety, and consequently with different topics of conversation. So, after dinner, it began to tell some very curious and amusing anec dotes, niid laughed so loudly at his own jokes, which had been intended for Jones' bachelor party,. that Lady Fiddler had the double carried home, with a message that Jones need not trouble to call again.. Dread ful, wasn't it" . "Oh, quite too dreadfully horrible, really. Poor Lady Fiddler! I am so sorry for her." '" Do you happen to remember any of the anecdotes!" said Mrs. Mohawk, in a low voice, as her daughter quitted the room. "I am afraid, I don't," replied Frank, .but I'll sned: up Jones's double if you like"' '! Oh, no, thlank you, do not mind.-. Well, if you'll excuse me, I'll go upstairs now, 'and mind we see you at seven-and not your doable." ".You may depend upon me,"' replied the young man as he withdrew. And now Frank Addin determined to nut in practice an idea he had long been con sidering. He was desparately in love with Annie, but had not the courage to declare his affections; indeed, etiquette in' .D. 2280 did not sanction any personal prposal. So he slipped a piece ofhis mind, into the phonograph used alminost exclusively by Annie, and breathing into, it vowsof the strongest affection left It, trusting, to her reading it beforedinner. Suddenly the idea that some one else might find it flashed upon him, and lie re moved the slip of tin, but, becoming reas sured, he replaced it, as he fancied, and descending the sliding-panel as before, called an electrictricycle, and in a few seconds was at his lodgings. . , d He qusckly washed and dressed by ma chinery, and-. hurried by the. same convey ance to the house of his charmer, hoping to find her his own, at last. ' He called upon Jones en route, to leave a phonographic mes sage he had for him, and as he ascended by the sliding- panels, kept his attention alive for the sound of the ardent proposal.he ex pected, but only the followingwords met his. He had put in theavrong slip I Th is is what he heard "Bother your old party. I don't want to go to it, and as to her, do you think I care for her ?.ot a scrap I . I really love another, but I make believe sometimes, of course. I'll join you later perhaps.-Fna.YK." " Mr. Addin, what is the meaning of this! Do you dare to insult me! You implied you hada message for me. Is that it I shall never speak or telephone to you again." This was Annie's greeting. "My dearest Annie, it's a terrible mis take. This is the fact. Listen ! I was asked toa party by Jones. I fancied I had left him that slip. But---" Frank paused. " You don't mean to say that there is an other slip intended for me in Mr. Jones's possession !" cried Annie, blushing violently as the full meaning of the contents of the slip flashed upon her. • Frank was dismayed. He had left his proposal to Annie at the wrong house.. He had not dared to propose by word of moiuth; it was not, as we said, considered etiquette in A.D. "280 to do such a thing ivuauoce. So Frank had left it in the phonograph almost exclusively used by Miss Mohawki and be hold the result. .. . i •Vithout a word on his defence he ans glided down, and wa~ flashed~ bye ros ecr rent to Jones' .ahoase. Jonesjhad just come in;, and was alboi~ t to tourn the handle of his phonograph to ascertaii i any message had Icen left bp' tclephone or otther. wie -"" ' "Hold a moment, Jones," exclaimed Ad. din. "Wait. Give me theslip. It's mine." " What's the trouble? " asked Jones,' see ing his friend's anxiety. c "Here's the slip. Ha-llo I" Addin was off at once, and, flying back to Mr. Mohawk's house, handed the correct message to Annie, and left the room and de: scended to the library. In a few minutes a gentle voice 'came through* the tele~hoie-= a very small voice indeed-" Frank. i Scarcely had the word met his' ear before he was in the drawing-room, narrowly escap. ing a blow from the obsequious mechanical servant, who made an'attempt'to open the door for him.; In another second he had clasped Annie in his arms. ' They required no telephone nor'phono.' graph to communicate their thoughts after that meeting. Frank is of opinion that more ancient customs are perhaps, after all, more efficacious in love matters than phonographs, and that there may, even in electric ma chinery, be a " slip"' between the cup' of happiness and the lips of love.: " 