TOPICS OF THE WEEK. Mr. Berry mentioned Borne curious factB in the conree of his speech of Monday night, and sketched out a curious line of policy. One of the factB waB that he " is sick of the name of Berry ism." There is pretty good evidence that the country is equally sick of the thing so named, so that the way Be®mB paved for a common understanding. And the policy he stated in the following words " I have seen snch a strong blow struck at the Liberal party by men in the House pro fessing the highest and strongest liberal principles, that I hope and trust, and I will strive to convert some of the moat moderate Conservatives." We hardly know the precise significance to be attached to thiB enigmatic announcement, but we can only suppose that it means that many members of his own party having thrown him over, Mr. Berry contemplates forming a new party by re cruiting some "moderate Conservatives. But it doeB not look a hopeful enterprise, for a political chief who has been discarded by his friends to Beek to gather support from the ranks of his foeB. But, indeed, there are other symptomB tending to Bhow that Berry iBm iB in a very shaky condition at the present moment. Mr. Patterson and Professor Pearson, of Mr. Berry a late colleagues, refused to attend the Ballarat meeting, on the ground that they did not deBire to take part in what might look like a remonstrance on the part of the late Govern ment againBt their ejection from office. That question thoBe gentlemen evidently regard as settled and done with. But Mr. Berry finds it impossible to acquiesce in any de cision which has for its result his expulsion from the Treasury benches, and he seems to imagine that the country feelB just the same difficulty. Then we regret to leam that mattere are not quite comfortable between Mr. Berry and the Radical press. He is treated bo badly in Melbourne that he had to go to Ballarat to escape the "journalisticbossing" to which he is sub jected in town. Threats have been used to him and bis colleagues, which were "not more brntal than they were ill-timed." Thus we find Mr. Berry sick of Berryism, his truBted metropolitan organ giving him brutal threats, two of the strongest of his late colleagues ostentatiously separating from him, and he himself reduced to the desperate hope of enlisting recruits from the Conservative ranks to compensate for the desertion of the truest and staunchest of his Liberal supporters. Keeping all these facts in view, the exceBBive moderation, not to say tameness and depression, of Mr. Berry on Monday night, is not difficult to account for. Some of Mr. Bent's proposals for railway reforms would almost seem to be dictated by a restleBS Bpirit of change, regardless of the advantage to be derived from the change. The Bcheme for equalising all fares on the suburban lineB is one amenable to this criti cism. It amounts to an increase of the rate of payment for those living at short distances, for the benefit of those who live at long dis tances. We can conceive circumstances in which thiB would be advisable,but it would re quire agood deal of showing to prove that these circumstances exist in the case of our subur ban railway system. The department not only propoBeB to commit an injustice to those of its patrons who live at only short distances from the city, but also contemplates the withdrawal of the privilege of periodical tickets. This is one which has been found hitherto to answer the ends of the railway authorities, who [get their money with certainty and in advance, and of the habitual passenger, who saves himself the trouble of getting tickets for each journey. Oddly enough, at the very time when the department is engaged in taking away these concessions to suburban travellers, it is contemplating the issue of periodical tickets on the up-conntiy lines. The withdrawal of periodical tickets will have the effect of doubling or trebling the rate of fares for hundreds or, perhaps, thou sands who now travel on this footing. But we think it may rightfully be maintained that it is a breach of implied contract to raise fares againBt passengers, unless such a course was absolutely necessary. Now, it iB only proposed as a piece of depart, mental convenience. If the suburban scheme is carried out as proposed, one effect may with confidence be predicted from it. It will certainly improve the prospects of the proposed tramway com panies, which will soon be competitors with the Government for the traffic at the short distances. If the department really wishes to execute some useful reforms, let it teach civility to its officials, of whose rude refusals to help paSBengetB complaints have lately been sent to the papers. It would find in this and similar ways many outlets for its i superabundant activity, withont introducing changes that would tend to inconvenience a large portion of the public, and give an irritating sense of injustice to its best and most regular patrons. We are glad to see tb&t; Mr. Bent has promised to reconsider his Bcheme, a course which we have no doubt will result in its very extensive modifica tion. Yes, of course; if Mr. FerreB is equal to the discharge of the duties of Government printer, and if it is necessary to appoint some one to the office, let him be put back in it by all means. His superannuation was one of the freaks of retrenchment for which the Berry Government was' accountable, and which.pspally took the form of removing a Bonn from his office and placing him on the pension-lfirt, and putting somebody else in hfs yafoed officers, vtyfee long erptrienoe rendered tbeirtil!ti(H»wii Of wrrfrj anij mte'bnrdana on society. In one instance'tbefe are two capable men who have pensions for having held an im port ant office, which is now filled bp a third. If Mr. Berry and his colleagnes were honest in their retrenchments of this kind, their notion seemed to be that any officer on attaining the age of 60 should be superan nuated and pensioned as a matter of conrse. This, however, is not at all the intention of the provision, which is merely there to allow the Government to lawfully get rid of thoBe who, from failing strength or other causes, are unable to perform their dutieB. But it may, and often does happen, that at 60 years a man is better qualified by knowledge, and by long and special experience, to perform his dutieB than at any former period. To place him, then, on the pension list, and somebody else in his office, is a waste at once of good capacity and of the money of the country. No movement could have stronger claims on the sympathy and Bupport of the public than that for the shortening the hours of labour of shopkeepers' assistants, and the meeting the other evening at the Town-hall was well calculated to advance this object. The claims to public sympathy of this class of workers, and the dreary slavery of the life they lead under existing conditions, were powerfully stated by the Bishop of Melbourne in terms displaying the strong human feeling which is one of the fine pointB in the cha racter of Dr. Moorhouse. Nothing could be better than hiB protest against the Peck sniffian plea that the shortening the working hours of these assistants would only result in giving them opportunity for dissipation. That Mr. Murray Smith and Mr. Wrixon should lend their aid to an endeavour to im prove the lot in life of a class of workers on whom Bociety at present very hardly presses is only what might be expected from thoBe gentlemen. We are glad to see Mr. Berry also using hiB influence on their behalf, and making a speech in support of this much deBerved social reform which was quite free from any class reflections or political al lusions. There is a good deal that looks like crot chetiness and mental perversity in the letter of the Rev. Dr. Bromby on the nominations of Dr. Hearn and Mr. Justice Holroyd for the vacant seat at the University council. So far from deprecating a contest as undesir able, Dr. Bromby welcomes it as giving the Benate opportunity of making a choice. But surely, unless there is something to object to in the suitability of the first nomination, there is very little in this argument But Dr. Bromby thinks there iB something to object to. He even doubts whether Dr. Hearn would be a fair representative of the professorial board in the council, and ques tions, but without supporting his doubts by a tittle of evidence, whether Dr. Hearn enjoys the full confidence of the board. He attempts to find a show of argument in sup port of this position in the fact of Dr Heam's nomination-paper not having at tached to it " the names of his fellow-pro fesBors in considerable numbers," although there is not the slightest reason to question their full concurrence in the nomination. Moreover, Dr. Hearn has, if we are to believe Dr. Bromby, impaired his fitness for the position by the nominal change which altered his title from Professor of Law to Dean of the Faculty of Law, which he says amounts to " voluntarily relinquishing his professorial status." He has, in addition, "taken an active part in politics," and again iB con nected " with the seething turmoil of Vic torian politics." But even Dr. Bromby will hardly question the gain to politics of a man of Dr. Heam's ability, trained know ledge, and moderation taking part in public affaire, or the gain to the University of having a man in Parliament competent to represent its interests if required. The rev. doctor's letter contains as many fallacies of argument as could be crowded into its space, and certainly goes very little way towards showing the desirability of the election con test it is written to support. Happily Mr. Justice Holroyd has taken a different view, and has withdrawn from candidature. The magisterial opinion given in connexion : with the case of a poor woman who committed suicide at Smythesdale, owing to religions mania, that the authorities should interfere to prevent exciting religious services, such as' those which, it seemed, drove her to insanity, was well-meant, although itwould be very diffi cult to give effect to it, Bnt, none the less, there lies a heavy responsibility at the doors of preachers who, by excited and extravagant harangues and gestures, inflame the brains of poor weak-minded creatureB to frenzy and to madneBS. A large number of the clergy who' would not themselves take part in such proceedings are blameworthy for counten ancing them by encouraging the efforts of these "revivalists" by general praise. There is no doubt that such cases as the un fortunate suicide referred to are by no means uncommon results of these exciting " revival" displays. But even to the moBt ignorant fanatic among preachers of this class it ought to prove a saddening consideration that he waB stimulating a number of weak, half-crazy minds to believe themselves and him divinely inspired, and filling, them with all kinds of mad and dangerous hallucinations. If they are not checked by the sight of such conse quences of their ministrations, at leiast their1 more temperate supporters—if there are any answering such a description—ought to reflect on the results of the work, and try to regulate it within the bounds of sanity and decency. Here we have a weak-minded woman gathering from the declamations of a Mr. M'Neal that she " was commis sioned by God to Bave thevrorld," and thOnob' proceeding; in pursuance of the bewildered' logic she had gathered from that divine's discourses, to go and drown herself.' How wildly removed, from rational aento'.ap^ear the, teachings of the revivalist orstor,*e judged by their results, compared withthfe method of the medical gentleman called as witness in the case, who deposed that, learn ing from the deceased woman that " she had been elected by God to save the world," he bad " prescribed for her accordingly." Although we do not see how the magistrates' idea of interference by the authorities is prac ticable, if some means could be devised by which these revivalist preachers, as well "J their victims, could be put under medical treatment and " prescribed for accordingly," it would be better for all, and certainly better for the interests of sound, healthy reli gion. It is natural that on the publication of the Australasian statistics (given in another column) readers Bhould closely compare those of the rival colonieB of Victoria and New South Wales, to Bee how the political theories of the two are standing the teBt of practice. Of course it is not pretended that the only difference between the colonies is that of their fiscal policy, or that the question of free trade or protection is the only one affecting the comparison of their relative degrees of prosperity. Still no one doubts that the different fiscal policies to which they have committed themselves do widely and materially influence them economically and industrially. Glancing throngh the returns, then, we find New South Wales gaining far more than Victoria by the difference between arrivals and departures by sea. She has a larger revenue and a larger public expendi" ture, but a much smaller public debt She ex* ceeds Victoria in the tonnage of her shipping inwardB and outwards, and though she haB a smaller length of railways open, she will very Boon exceed Victoria in this respect, owing to the great length she has in process of con struction. She exceeds Victoria also in the length of her telegraph lines, as also in the numbers of her stock under the beads of horses, cattle, sheep, and pigs. She exceeds Victoria in her birth rate and marriage rate, and it is a con sequence of her much higher birth rate that her death rate is also higher. She has a larger rate of revenue per head, a smaller rate of taxation, a larger rate of expenditure, a smaller rate of public debt, and a much higher rate of imports and exportB. Add to this the fact that the population is | growing at a rate about three times as fast as our own, and it can hardly be contested by the moBt bigoted protectionist that, in every evidence and result of general prosperity, Victoria stands by the proof of statistics on a lower level than New South Wales. The reports of the arrival and condition of the cargoes of frozen meat by the Caeco and the Protos are instructive, but not satis factory. The failure of the beef Bhipped by the Australian Frozen Meat Company is a grievous mischance, and it is well to learn that the directors have resolved on instituting a Beries of thoroughgoing experiments, to endeavour, if possible, to ascertain its cause. There is every reason to believe that these will result in the detection of the weak point of the process, and the prevention of a similar disaster in future. But the case of the consignment of the Orange Meat Company, New South WaleB, by the Cuzco, is different. Here the quality of the meat, and not merely its condition, is at fault. The mutton is described as light, meagre, badly dresBed, and inferior to the carcases sent from Victoria. Here there is evidence, not of mere mishap, but of bad selection. To send inferior meat to England is so obvious a mistake that it is surprising to find any company falling into it, and more especially on its first venture. Any de fect in the condition of the meat on arrival might be ascribed to the perhaps inevitable imperfections of a new process on its first experiment. But the sending of indifferent. meat goes rather to indicate a serious defect of judgment on the part of the managers of the undertaking. If Australia is to Becure a good reception for her meat in the London market she can only do so by sending of her best, and in the interests not only of the Orange Gompany, but of the trade in general,; it is to be hoped that the mistake made in the first consignment will not be repeated. An important class of public works in New, Soujbh Wales are the public tanks and wells constructed by the Government along the principal travelling routes of the .interior. No less a Bum than £56,438 was authorised tp be spent on these works up to the end of last year. When formed they are leased or placed under the charge of caretakers, in the interest of those travelling with stock. It is thus the case that the Government is always engaged in experiments, carried on at widely remote points, over the whole surface of the colony, which afford guidance to ^others interested in the Bupply and storage of water. It is . thought by the,chief inspector of Btoc^ that the watering-places thus afforded to travelling stock on the lines of road to the Darling will piece Sydney on an equal foot ing with Melbourne so far as distance from the Darling is concerned, and that the result will be to draw both Btock and general traffic to Sydney. The chief inspector looks on to a great fstore for these works as they in-, creake in magnitude, and even foresees a time " when they will not only supply the wants of travellers and travelling stock, but provide watkr for irrigation." This is, perhaps, a very sabguine expectation, but it is satisfactory to see the department fully alive to the impor tance of the subject of water supply to the development of the colony. The works com prise tanks and wells, and it is noticeable , that while the .former ture well spoken of, it :is reported-of the public wells that -the water is; ,so;, 'inferior in quality that travel ling!" stock Vnapcustomed to water of that character will not drink it, even when perish ing frpXil; thirst. Itis, therefore, considered I that it fs necessary ,either to replace tpBye tolls by juries or to try to disoojvc^ gori; water at • greater depth by borjng. Three points an indicated Where it is recommefldeft that trial borings should be put down for artesian water to a depth, if necessary, of 700ft. Such shafts would be of value-not only for their practical result, if success ful, but also as experiments in a class of works from which these colonies are entitled to expect great aid to their development. The Treasnrer of Queensland had last week an easy and pleasant duty to discharge in laying the financial statement of the year before Parliament. That it was easy is Bhown by the shortness of the Bpace into which Mr. M'llwraith was enabled to condense his re marks. In times of difficulty and depression a good deal of explanation becomes neces sary, but prosperity and a surplus are intel ligible with very little explanation indeed. The Treasurer waB able to begin with such statements as the following" The de pression under which our great industries have bo long suffered has passed away; con fidence in the future of Queensland is stronger than ever; trade is improving, and money is abundant. A corresponding im provement is, consequently, to be Been in the revenue of the colony. The revenue has not only come up to the estimates 1 made last year, but in many respects haB considerably exceeded them." Taking this as a starting point the reet was easy. The receipts of re venue were £1,771,143, being £48,643 in excess of the estimates. The result of the year's transactions had been to getrid of the de ficit, to restore a satisfactory margin between income and expenditure, and to carry a balance of £27,007 forward to the credit of the current year. Proceeding to the subject of loans, the Treasurer congratulated the House on the successful issue of the last loan at a price which showed an improve ment on the rate obtained the year before, when compared with the prices got by the South Australian Government, which was also in the market as a borrower on both occasions. That is to Bay, that whereas South Australia obtained prices on the first occasion £3 5s. 4d. better than those given for the Queensland Btock, on the second occasion South Australian priceB only exceeded those of Queensland stock by £2. This, of course, indicates an improvement, but it also shows the desirability of Queensland statesmen en deavouring bo to administer finances and so to regulate their borrowings as to efface the difference that still remains. One item in the telegraphic news from Eng land will make the heart of every patriotic Victorian, and indeed of every Australian, glow with pride. Sir Samuel Wilson has taken a lease of Hughenden Manor, the country seat of the late Lord Beaconsfield, and long ere this the intelligence has been flashed, we may be certain, to every newspaper office in the civilised and uncivilised world. Nothing could be more gratifying to those who have at hearttbehigher interests of Australia, than to see one of her wealthy sons out-doing the American Big Bonanza men in the splendour of his expenditure, and in the accuracy with which its details are given in the newspapers. The great Australian millionnaire, as the " society" journals call Sir Samuel, has never rendered him self liable to the reproach of hiding his light under a bushel If fame is to be bought at a price, Sir Samuel Wilson is alwayB ready to pay the figure. He loves to stand well in the estimation of his fellow men, and has formed a millionnaire'a idea of the way by which this end is the most readily obtained. When Sir Samuel recently took the London town house of Lord Somebody, all of the people who write to newspapers were by some mysterious means made simul taneously acquainted with the fact. In pro viding himself with a country house, he evidently had an eye not only for archi tecture and demesnes, but also for historic associations. If one wanted to advertise himBelf well as a man of historic suscepti bilities, wealth, and refinement, how could he do so better than by taking the house of the late Lord Beaconsfield; unless, indeed, he bad leased Windsor Castle, which was perhaps not available? If the ghost of the former owner revisits those terraces, with how sardonic a smile must he view the use to which his house has been put. Possibly, as the Beaconsfield title lapsed on the death of the late Earl, Her Majesty might be in duced—but we need not -pursue a subject which we may be Bute has formed serious matter for our rich fellow-colonist's - con sideration. How fortunate it is that, just, as Sir Samuel will be wanting a steam yacht it has been announced that the Great Eastern is for sale. Australia to the fore! Fortune favoura the bravp and also the enormously wealthy, and one result of Sir Samuel's late purchase is. that many, who are by no means unqualified admirers of him as a public man will contribute to the forward- - ing ihfs desires if only,by, pennujgjchaffing paragraphs about his plethbric oBtentatioh.' 