ADELAIDE SPORTING TNTELDTGENOE. BY " YIKST VTATEE." Monmoutli,o«Ti Brother to Chester, and who issuch a liot favorite for the V.B.C. Derby next November, has been scratched for all his Sydney Spring "engagements. When the. news Nvas'first known there was quite' a scene amongst his sup porters to know the reaBon. None, however, lias been given, and'I aril reliably "informed that there is nothing the matter with him. All doubts now as to his fiiture. movements are surely set at rest, and that he is bein'g reserved for the "Victorian Spring campaign 'there can" be no -doubt.- "His being withdrawn in Sydney will harden his price for the V.B.C. Derby and Cup. tip to the present 1 have not heard of the stable supporting him-for the double, though of course they may have done so. I feel inclined to think that they have found such a good thing in Gloucester for the BandWick Derby that they have scratched Monmouth at this early period to prevent the public from backing liim and thereby lose their money. - There has been a fair amount of wagering done this week on both the V.B.C. Derby and Cup, arid in doubles on the Winter Meeting of .the Adelaide Racing Club, which commences to morrow and be continued on Monday. For the nrst- naraed-meetiiigy Monmouth and Savauuka hive been' backed for £10,000 at 1,000 to 5, and Monmouth and The Pontiff, Monmouth and Venom, and Monmouth and Sir Modred have all been supported to win £1,000 at the same price. Early in the week T saw 1,000 to 4 taken twice over about The Duke and Pollio (a real good double) , " the taker hailing from Ballfirat, where The. Duke is located. Darebin and Pollio was also backed by" the same gentleman, and he evidently knows something of the Ballarat move ments, ^ I'hear.op thejjest of authority that,.the son of King Cole arid Frou .Frou is doing ex ceedingly well, having wintered splendidly. The hold front presented by the New Zealanders has driven the other candidates back' a Ettle, but I am confident it is only temporary.. I must.say I drin't care to "bear owners say they have a couple ; cf animals a stone bettor than Mata, it looks too | good.to be true, and I don't think if such were | the case the public would know anything of it, for the present at least. Another .'candidate for Cup .honors is Her Majesty. She has been backed with Monmouth at 1,000 to . 5. Her breeding is equal to anything in the land,- she being by King of the King, out of Sybil by Tim j Wbilfler (imported). Her sire needs no bush, and her dam was one of the ganiest fillies that- j ever carried a saddle. In Briseis' year she ran an-excellent second, and in the Autumn she won! | the Australian Cup,. beating a good field. Her 1 j Majesty takes a good deal after her mother in I appearance, being rather on the small site, l*it j remarkably well put together, and if she be poss essed of I lie ga'moiiess of Sybil, her owner will hnvc no room for complaint. \- The IIi««We and Steeple on the first day of the A.R.C. Winter Meeting are the two races princi pal!) operated upon-. For the SrstMiamed event, Frank Hewitt, Veno, jui-Ps tlic J-jHif, J.c Itoi, and ■"DA3.D. have all been supported with Coastguard, . Clifton, Faugli a Baliagh, and Momalong, for the ■ big jumps. ■ I was riot prepared to sec Thriberoo . amongst t he list of non-contents fur the Hurdle TJtee, as I thought he was very favorably in. ■ lleppo, another, for whom I hail a fancy, is, I ; hear, not as well as lie might be and may not start. Still, I think Old Jack, or Le Boi will . win, and Faugh.a Baliagh, if he stands up, will be near winning the Steeplechase. The Club have purchased from Mr. Evans (the inventor) i the sole right of usinir his " Climax EnnTrnmtor" the sole right of U3iug his " Climax Enumerator . in South Australia, and it will be worked . on ; Saturday. Sir John Morphett has resigned his position as chairman' of. the S.A.J.O.C.. on account of ill health,-and the vacancy has been filled by' the appointment of the Hon. B. C. Baker, M.L.C. n Thursday evening an address was presented to Sir John by the Mayor of Glenelg (Mr. W. B. ; EounSevell, previous to his departure for Englarid.-Jinuni?! stf stiojit lent of . Sussex, the winner of the Grand National Steeplechase in Melbourne, has iel't the. post for the paddock.' '"' " " AQUATICS. I am_ pleased to be able to say tbat a Bowing Association has been forriied. This is a step iu the right "direction 2nd will be the means of nip ping in the bud a number of uiifovseen difficulties that at present do not present themselves. New rowing clubs are being formed every day, so ibat in the course of a few months, when the first regatta is held, there should be no lack of crews to compete hi the Various events. The Banks tire already on the water with a strong club arid may be seen daily in their boats doing strong work. The members bf the legal profession have taken preliminary steps towards forming a club amongst " the devil's 'own,') and they promise to be very formidable. The Norwoods, although they were tlie first to form a club, have decided not to appear on the Water until the matter having referepce to the. exorbitant charges at present nirids for boats is settled, a petition on the sub ject, 'verynuEie'rously sighed by rowing men, has bebn'-prCse'tfted "to'.Earliai&en;'t by Mr,. Kingston. The-.;Young Men's. Christian Association, have, also started _a club, and it remains to be seen whether they will be foiund amongst "the giddy orowd that freqrient the lake for rowing purposes on Sundays. The "CiVil Service are making pre parations for opening their club at an early date; and110 doubt.other clubs of many different names will follow suit. It Would be hardly fair to offer any criticism pn the form shown by those who have already made a start, as " they have hot been long enough at the game to be proficient. Some few days ago, however, I was speaking to a real good skuller and one who thoroughly understands rowing. Ouir conversation had reference to'his " coaching up " a crew or two.. He replied' that I surely could know nothing of Sduth Australian rowers or I- would not have suggested such -a thing. " Why," said he, "I know a dozen in stances already, of men who have only Been in a boat once or twice, and some of them as coxswains only, who know ten titties more "about the art of rowing ana Coaching crews than. ..either you or I da.':'-" He did go out on.-one occasion, he said, for thejiuipose of instructing agrew; that were going out forriractiee, ^apd was. compelled more .than "(fh'ie5oy'twi'eeio| drder tlife .oarsmen to keep 'their efeB iri'tlie-briatBnd'hevef miridiiie ladies on the batiks.- The whole four in • the boat became, so ipad at jbeing spoken, to,in. such -a manner that they asked our . friend if .that was all he knew about rowing, for said they " we must look out of the boat. to. see where we are going." I need hardly .'say that my friend got ashore as soon as possible and does not intend again to coach a' crew." There are two or three old Victorians here, who are able to skull or pull an oar very well i amongst them beiirg Mr. P. J. Carter, who wasformerly the amateUr chaiUpion skuller of Victoria, and Mr. Bropliy formerly of the Balla rat Rowing -Glub ; besides whom there are others 'from home who. are only waiting. Wallace Ross; the winner of tho principal prize .at the late World's .Regatta, held in Toronto, has challenged -llanlan to row for the championship .of the world, and as Hanlan is in duty bound to accept the chellengp, we may before long hear oi another Immense gathering assembling-to witness 'a sensational boat race., For .my part I cannot seewhat .earthly show Ross can have with the Canadian, and we.have only to' look at the mise rable show Laycock made with Hanlan to gauge the chance of Boss. , .It will be remembered that Laycoek easily beat Boss in the final heat for the Hop Bitters' Prize, and no..doubt that perforin ance was the means of his being foolisli enough to challenge Hanlan-for the championship, and the way he was defeated, naturally suggests a defeat for Boss when he meets the present champ ion. His victory lately has no doubt put him in .high spirits, more especially as Triekett was one , of the competitors, but giving .that- all in, and allomng that he had ah easy victory, I , can't see him with a ghost of a show with Hanlan—both fit and well and everything else all right. I ought to mention that Ross, has beaten Hanlan on ? Erefi°ris occasion, "hut I have very grave .doubts that things were " hot all fight then," but we shall see. BILLIARDS. Our cliampiou of the green cloth, Mr. H. Albers, proprietor of the Academy Billiard Saloon, rather put His foot into it the otiier even ing. He offered to give a " gentleman amateur," who was a perfect stranger m the City, 300 points out.of 1,000 "tip at -a game of billiards. A ll the usual preliminaries for the match having been arranged, the game commenced on ah appointed evening hi the presence of a large number of ad mirers of the game, and a few bookmakers, prin cipally Victorian ones. Little Albers as usual was all smiles and confidence before the contest began, but after seeing his opponent play a few strokes he looked a trifle serious. Shot after shot the stranger made, some of them being the most beautiful one could imagine, at the same time, were they named before being played for, the odds to be obtained about scoring would have been veiy long. Still the fellow persevered and played in his usual careful style, but all to no purpose, as any decent score he made was quickly wiped out by his opponent, and that too with the great est ease. Victory was claimed for the 6tranger by some 200 points, and then all adjourned to a pub close by. When a few refreshers had been taken a gentleman who had been, present at the game expressed to those present the wonderful likeness there was between " Mr. Brush" and one, " M. Rudolph," a celebrated professional' cannon player, who had been or- who was "giviug exhibitions of his skill in Sydney. Indeed, so struck was he with the similarity of the two faces that he ventured to ask " Mr. Brush " if he knew M. Rudolph. Judge his surprise, when he was told by the stranger (Mr. Brush) that he was no other than M. Rudolph. There is no blame or anything dishonest that can be traced to him. He was not, he says, asked who he was, "aiid as he was only here on a pleasure trip he did not care to publish his name before the Adelaide public. Aloeit, had he been asked lie would have only been too happy to give the desired information. Fortunately To'r 'the admirers of Albers they did not back him for any great amount, and about £20 was as much as was lost, independent of the amount played for. A larger sum in bets would have been laid had hot a Melbourne bookmaker offered to lay,2 to 1. on the str inger. The little champion wilt look before lieleaps nekt 'tim'e. i . COURSING. j The great event of the year in coursing circles is the Waterloo Cup (Victoria), tlie first prize for which i« £500 and a gold collar. It is -a 64 dog stake, a id this year the colonies represented were 1 ii-niria, New South Wales, South Australia, And Tasmania. A novelty in connection with the spurt is ts being conducted in a New Plumton— that is—a made ground or enclosure free from aiiy .impediment? or danger to greyhounds. But j I am inclined to think that to a very great extent real genuine coursing is done away with. How ever, as the competitors :ire spared the loss of j broken toes and stakes, 2rc., the idea is at anv rale, if not a sporting one, a merciful one. It has never been our lot to sroure the big 'prize, and Ibis year was no exception to the rule, for although Mr. liomisevelTs Rosy Fawn ran fairly; well in her two first courses she was hopelessly 1 defeated in the third round. After some splendid j trial- the final issue was left to two Vietoriaii j dogs—Mr. Adamson's Lady Maryborough by Robin Hood—Princess Alice, and Mr. Smith's Bashful Maid, and the former won after a severe ■ tussle. The "Waterloo Purse, another, rich stake, for dogs beaten in the first round for the Cup, 1 was won by a South Australian dog named R-apidite, the property of Mr. C. Pearce, the runner-up being a Sydney-bred dog named The "Wardering Jew. The Waterloo Purse was won by Florimel, owned by Mr. A. Christy, of Geelong, beating Mr. Cookson's Chesterfield. The meeting has been the most successful of the nine that have been held. FOOTBALL. The final snatch of the season between the Norwoods and the South Parks was piayed on the Oval on Saturday, and resulted in another victory for the former team, though on the merits of the play the Parks should have been the win ners But the Norwoods seem to have been born i under a lucky star, not only in this particular match, but in a number of others they have con tested this season. During the whole of the afternoon, both in the .first and second halves, the Parks were the invaders, and kept the Nor woods completely hemmed in, with the exception of one or two runs they made. Shot after shot at the premiers' goal "sere made by the Parks, some of them at only ten "and fifteen yards dis tance, hut they seemed to he charmed, as the Ball would not go between them at any price. Whereas when the Norwoods did manage to get away they succeeded, but with a tremendous ainouAt of luck, In sending the ball between the posts. This they followed up a couple of minutes feter with a still more lucky goal, and wound up the game by netting a passable one just before time was called. On the South Adelaides' ground tlie third con test between that club and the Victorians took 'place, the blue and whites succeeding in wiping out the defeat they received, from the Vies on a previous occasion. Since their defeat by the Norwoods, the Souths have made a change in their captain—Merhtens now occupying -that position instead of Maloney. The change is a good one as results will show. They gave the j Ports "(who, at. the commencement- of the season, are always going to be at the top of the tree") a most awful lickiiig by five goals- to none,, and have since then beaten the Victorious. This gave j them back their old position of second on tiie j scoring sheet—a place they should never have j lost had they been properly handled. To-day . 'the Souths meet the Parks for the last time this season, and as both teams have scored a win the contest- will be interesting to onlookers, as well as a determined one by the players. The latter i team are in splendid fettle just now, and will J take a lot of beating, while tlie Souths are a much heavier team", and Although they have not gone In for training, like" their opponents, they all appear well. Of the twq,' I,really don't know which to choose from,;out'I have an inclination to tin? South Adelaides on ■ account of their] weialit. . We are sending a team to Melbourne to play the pick of the clubs in the sister colony. If t-liey I win a ilia tell against them I shall bp surprised; The team chosen is I think an insult to both our selves and Victoria; there are some in it who j would pot he selected in a second twenty the other side, PIGEON SHOOTING CLUB. A laT^e'-number.' of the knights of the trigger j have formed themselves into a strong club, wliiet numbers some sixty members already. Their first competitive meeting was held on Saturday last,, when some excellent snooting was shownl 1 am told that, the (dub intend offering a big prize, open to all the colonies, to be shot for iit the course of .a month or two, probably about September. Dnforlunately this description or sport does not find favor with one of our daily | papers, so tliat the .doings of the:Club are not sd I prominently before the public as they ought to be>. "ffiE Society of the Last Max. "—Dr, Yattier, who died at Cincinnati tlie other day. was the only, remaining member of " The Society of the Last Man." This society was formed oh Sunday, the 30th of September, 1832, known as the "^holera year.". Its formation was sug gested in the studio of a young.artist, where seven persons were assembled conversing upon the plague and the havoc it was causing. On each recurrence of the anniversary, in accordance with the arrangements of the society, a dinner was given, at which the survivors attended; but covers were invariably provided for seven. It was further arranged that, when: but one living representative remained Co attend the feast, lie was to open and drink a bottle of wine that had been provided at the first banquet. The bottle, with a tightly-closed cork, was preserved in'a tall.casket of mahogany made expressly for the purpose. In the base the records of the society - were kept, andthe lid of the casket wag sealed, and locked. Death spared the little' band for. four years. On the fifth year there was one vacant chair at the banquet. In 1S39 five mem bers only were found at the table; in T8t2f-"this number was reduced to four; in 1819 three only sat down. In 1855 but two i remained ; one of these died in that year ; and Dr. Vattierin 1856 sat alone at the banquet, and performed tlie sa cred obligation of uncorking and drinking the bottle of wine.... For the last twenty-four, ye are he honoured hmhvercarres in solitude, riming with ho company hut six Tacant chairs. He has now shared the fate of his fellow- members, aftd " The Society of the Last Man " is a thing of the past. The Llaaia.—The South American Union will bear neither heating nor. ill-treatment. c The animals go in troops, an Indian walking a distance ahead as a guide. If the llamas ^are tired they stop, , and the Indian stops also. If the delay be too great the Indian, becoming uneasy towards sunset, after, all due precaution resolves on sup plicating the beasts to resume'their journey. He stands about fifty or sixty paces off, in an attitude of humility, waving his h'aud coaxingly towards them, looks at them with tenderness, and at the same time in the softest tones reiterates-^" Ic/ic, ic! " If the llamas are disposed to. resume their course they follow the Indian in good order and at a regular pace, but very fast, for their legs are very long ; but when they are in ill-humour they do not even turn towards the speaker, but remain motionless, huddled together, standing or lying down. The straight neck and its gentle.'majesty of beating, the long down of their always clean and glossy skin, their supple and timid .'motion, all give them an air at once sensitive and noble. The llama is the only creature employed by-man which he dares not strike. If it happens—which is yery seldom the case—that an Indian wishes to obtain either by force or even by threats what thellama will not willingly perform, the instant the animal finds itself, affronted by words "or gest ure he raises his head with dignity, and without makihg any atfciag>t to .escape ill-treatment, -.lies down, turning his rooks towards, heaven. Large tears flow freely from his beautiful, eyes, sighs ' i$sue bri&st;,. and is half orihree-quaitom of an hour at mostbeexpires. The respect shown these animals by Peruvian Indians amounts abso lutely to superstitious reverence. When the In dians load them, two approach and caress the animal, hiding his head that he may not sec the load on his bock. It is the same in unloading. The Indians of the Cordilleras alone have suffi cient. patience and gentleness to manage the llama. Mabeiahe ix Poland.—In Poland, ikeeeins, it is not the wonld-be-bridegrooin who proposes to his lady-love, but a friend. The two go to gether to tlie young girl's bbusc, •■n/rving with thorn a losif of Livavl, » bottle of brandy, aid a new pocket, handkerchief. When they are shown into the " best" room, the friend asks for a wine glass. If it is produced at once, it is a good sign; if not, they take their leave without another word, as they understand that their pro posal would net be accepted. Suppose, however, that the desired vine-glass is forthcoming, then the friend drinks to the father and. mothers health, and then asks where their daughter is, upon which tlie mother goes to fetch her. When she comes into the room, the friend—always the friend—offers her tlie glass filled .with brandy, if she puts it to her lips, she is Willing, and then the proposal is made at cnce. But it is thc fashion to refuse it several times before finally accepting. Then the friend lakes out the new handkerchief and ties the young people's hands together with it, alter which it- is tied round the girl's head, and she wears it as a sign of be trothal till Lei* wedding day, which is very soou afterwards, as or. the Sunday following the proposal the banns arc- published. On the wedding day itself all the bridesmen and brides maids go round to all the friends and acquaint ances of the two families and invite them to the wedding. At each house they must dance a Cracovian. During this, the bride is being dressc-d by other youiig friends of hem, while young men sing virtuous strophes to her. When all the guests are assembled, tlie bride kneels for her parents' blessing, and then she is placed in a carriage with her betrothed and the friend. Upon returning home, bread and salt are pre sented to the young people, and wheat is thrown over their heads. The wheat is picked up and afterwards sown ; if it bears good fruit, the young couple will be prosperous. . Dancing, singing, and feasting are kept up till morning, when the young people are accompanied to their room. But before then the bride's hair, has been cut off, and she is coiffee with the matron's cap. This custom is terrible, but it has to be complied with. The wedding festivities are kept up for seven days and seven nights without interruption, after which the wedding visits begin. The Dbagon.—Professor Owen declares that the dragon was a reality, and that he was a native of New Zealand. Some one has beBn good ertdugt to send him a quantity of bones, from which he propounds tlie fact "that the animal was quite like that which St. George died for, that he waa horned all over, had a vast mouth full of teeth, and powerful claws, and a barbed tail of "angular segments." eaeh supporting two pairs of horns or spikes, and 'each measuring ton inches, with wings which would enable the monster to mount into the air, and with the power of hibernating. Sceke—The gambling table at Monte Carlo.— Persona:—Young iinglisli lady with little sister and a gentleman whose acquaintance they have made at The . hotel. Young lady "r " Oh, I say," I shall .put a five-franc piece on the number of my age! "—putting it on the figure eighteen. The number twenity- eight wins. Little sister: "What fun ! Now, if you had really put it on your right age, sis, you would have won, .wouldn't you ? " :: ■ Where the Wuj>nEss Lay.—A conscientious sportsman purchased a mule that was warranted . ;. sound and-quiet. He rose from the. ground very shortly afterwards with the severest reasons for doubting the latter qualification. " You' said t.liat the mule was quite tamo ? " the. buyer observed. And so he is tame, isn't be ? " asked the dealer." " Not altogelhehvonly partially so," the, discontented .purchaser replied. " lie's tame in front, I daresay; but he's desperately 'wild behind!" - Is upon a liberal patronage of -Aster. - 