EXHIBITION LETTERS. By Garnet Walch. Temporary Silenca — Surur.-e:-- — The True Cause— On the Operating Table — Celebrated ' Excuses — \ Speculative Scoundrel— A Horological S.viu Ue— An Honest Juror— The Red Cross audits Vistories- Tlie Art uf Advert'sing. 31c a culpa. Jlea maxima culpa ! I may as well make a clean breast of 'it, tell the truth and shame— myself. You have- been languishing. sweet readers, for the mental refreshment, cheering "but not- inebriating, to which yon have lately been accustomed. You 'have pined for the want of your epistolary ' £ Yigorine, " that doubly-distilled essence of veracity, so bracing to the "system. Yon have felt. confess it, utterly unhinged and miserable! and not even the latest local scandal could act as a tonic in the absence of your favorite Exhibition letters. And this is all my fault. Of a verity I feel humbled and contrite in your presence, can but acknowledge my backsliding, and sue most lustily for forgiveness. And the cause — the cause of it all i Listen ! I have not been saturating my soul with Ozonic Nepenthe at Sorrento, Queencliff, or Lorne. I have not been de voting every spare minute to the perusal of the forty-three competitive dramas for the Hamiltonian £250 prize. I have not been coaching Jack Gardiner in his forth coming great speech on the Differential Calculus in its relations to the Pro toplasmic Theory. I have not been preparing the Rev. Mr Strong's defence against the gathering thunder storm of Presbyterian orthodoxy. I have not' been doing a bit of lav preaching on my own account, "super"-ing at the Royal, laying down wood pavement in Collins-street, selling walnuts on the side walk. I have not been lured from the paths of journalistic rectitude by any will-o'-the-wisp prospectus of a new newspaper, offering gigantic terms, to all and sundry who choose to follow it through bog and mire to the ultimate slough of Bankruptcy. I have not been closeted with Graham Berry, dictating his future line of policy. I have xxot been with Service in the Pcshawur as far as King George's Sound. I have not made a fortune in shares or a failure in an Emasculated Reform Bill. I have not joined either the Great Majority or t \ Moribund Ministry. I have not been J gaol for murdering the Queen's English/ richly as I may have deserved it — or in the hospital through a fracture of any of the ten commandments. . What, then, has absorbed my time — what has prevented me from the labor I so love, my weekly I chat with friends from glacier-throned New Zealand to the torrid shores of Car pentaria Simply and solely this : I have sated the revengeful thirst of " mine enemy," whoever he may be ; I have laid myself calmly, gracefully, on the operating table of the great kill or cure Ecole de Vivisection ; I have bared tny manly breast to the fleams of the assembled circle of critics, and, Heaven lielp me, am prepared for the result. Ill nlaiu hum-nave. sweet l-eaders mine, I have published a book, and the final touches thereof have cost me both time and anxiety. Not wishing to be accused of using this column as an advertising medium, I refrain irorn further particulars ; but there is my Excuse ! impugn it whoso list ; I think the above genuine statement is more creditable than, if not so witfcv as. the alliterative excuse tendered to the public by a celebrated English writer wao on resuming the chapters of his story, after a long interval, informed his readers that his silence was attributable to "a little hive, a little law, and a great deal of liquor," or to the more elaborate explana tion of the French journalist whose ' Excess of emotion at the decease of a much-beloved mother-in-law" kept him away from work and necessitated a trip to the gaming-tables of Baden-Baden — ' whereat," he added, " I long sought in vain to ailay my acute sorrow by alter nately plunging my soul in the fiery flood cf ' routje' and the Stygian stream of Xoir.'" My remarks, in a recent loiter, about cheap jewellery have received consider able emphasis by the bursting of the Rodaucw Watch Company bubble, so thoroughly exposed by the Argus." The price-list of this supposed company, eman ating from a single speculative scoundrel in America, offered solid silver-cased lever watches, iewelled. with monogram en- graved, spare mainsprings, glasses, and keys, and a written guarantee for three years, at 17s each ; 38 carat gold watches at £2 5s, and so on. So plausibly were the advertisements worded, so much stress laid on the fact that the firm ' £ was established in 1840," and had since gained prize medals at all the great Exhibitions, and such caution was exhibited in the matter of remittances ' 1 or reference to a Boston House." that many, I fear, have been gulled into sending money to America for these impalpable time-keepers, It is to be hoped that they (fine dupes), and one and all of us, will profit by the lesson, and that henceforth the respectable local firms will be patronised at their legi timate prices, and foreign rogues left to expend their cunning on the desert air. Bettor pay £5 for a serviceable watch, I however plain and devoid of extra jewels, than remit half that amount across the rolling seas in chase of a ghost of a ticker, a horological Mrs "Arris, a watch not made with hands, fictitious, in the c'onds. I wonder if George Collins Levey, C.M.G., Ac. Ac., is agent for any American watch firms Another swindle, just exposed by the " Argus,"" is the manner in. which one of the jurors in the section '-Stationery, Printing, and Books" sought to upset the | awards of liis fellow jurors by refusing at y first to vote in their presence, and K afterwards furtively adding a series ot || "noughts" in order to reduce the total B average of the awards. .As I, personally, Ej am quoted by the " Argus" as one of the I victims, and as the injustice really is more glaringly apparent as regards my exhibit than in any of the other cases, I take this opportunity of thanking the gentlemen of the Jury in the said section— excepting only Mr Oliver Levey, brother of Mi- George Collins Levey, C.M.G. — for their honorable conduct in declining to accept the slily-affixed, and palpably spiteful, vote of their high-minded colleague. for Judas himself — poor remorseful Judas — for I am sure he must be sorry now he is found cut — he can seek consolation either after the historical fashion, or 111 the society of his noble kinsman. Oh ! Chebomido ! The awards have all been made, and there is the usual six of satisfaction ana and half-a-dozen of disappointment Amongst the principal prize-takers 1 a® glad to see the Red Cross Company, who bear off chief honors for pickles, sauces, and preserves. I do not forget my promise to give some day a description of the operations carried oil by this company. 1 looked in a short time age for the pui-posOj and found no less than the Earl and Countess of Ellesmere and Lord Bervev Phipps going over the works. I am toll that they were highly pleased with alj the saw, and made favorable compans®3 between tne Red Cross and other siim' factories in the old country. It speaw- well for the practical common sense of oui' aristocratic visitors that they shouiii ap preciate our manufacturing industries, ami not allow the giddy maelstrom of suciei to absorb them altogether. . llie application of the fine arts to in." still finer art — the art of advertisings 13 every day . -becoming more and mnj" fashionable ; note the admirable !itt-e pictures, re Eno's Fruit Salt, drawn by Adelaide Claxton, and published in ;i::in7 of our leading papers. Note, al io, a cuffi" cal cut of " Before and After," illustroni of the beneficial effects >>f Lbulron- Electro-Chemical Baths. 1 thought aL first that it represented an iud i vid ua ! p. Eg had partaken freely of the Yan lean h'i"11 mud, and the same countenance aiu'r 3 refreshing draught of " Mount Macedo11 spring water, which, by the way, b ,l0ff being sold in Melbourne in large qv.an titie5-- much to the delight of all who yteiest t-'-e fluid filth that flows from our cups- 