LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. [PUBLISHED DAILY.] TUESDAY, SEPT. 13, 1881. Mr. SPRENT has telegraphed to the Minister of Lands that the mining com- panies at Mount Heemskirk are engaged in cutting a zigzag road to Trial Harbour, and that if the Government will assist to the extent of £500 the road can be me- talled, and that he would undertake to see that the work was done properly. There is an abundance of material at hand for the purpose, and such a road would answer every requirement. Fortunately the Government has acquiesced in this view and instructed Mr. Sprent to carry it out; thus it may be presumed that a road will be provided ample for all present wants for a reasonable sum; whereas, if the Government had once entered upon the construction of tramways in that remote locality, there is no telling where the ex- penditure would have ended. Mr Sprent also reports unfavourably of Trial Harbour, which, we presume, means that it is not a place at which he could recom- mend any costly works for jetties, etc. Here, again, we believe he has done good service by preventing the waste of public money. The West Coast must be developed by de- grees. It is right to give a reasonable amount of assistance to those engaged in searching for its mineral treasures ; but these will not be discovered all at once, and it is well to see the result of the coming season's work before committing the country to further heavy expenditure. VICE-REGAL.-Through the courtesy of the Private Secretary we learn that his Excellency Sir J. H. Lefroy and suite will visit the annual exhibition of the Midland Agricultural Society at Campbell Town to-morrow, coming up from Hobart by the express train. His Excellency will be accompanied amongst others by the Chief Justice, Sir Francis Smith, and Mr Justice Dobson, and members of his own and their families. HELD OVER,--Owing to pressureon our space we are compelled to hold over lead ing matter, reports of Police Court and Municipal Council, country intelligence, letters, etc. VOLUNTEER PARADE.-A parade of 40 members of the Artillery Corps under Capt. Reid, and 50 of the Rifles under Major Just, took place last night at the Volunteer Buildings. Owing to a slight accident met withl by Lieut.-Colonel Home, preventing him being present, Major Harrap, of the Artillery, took command of the parade. A number of evolutions were gone through, followed by a march round town, headed bj the Garrison Band. A SIGN oF PROGRESS. -It is a gratify ing sign of progress when we find that two applications from business firms have already been received by the Municipal Council for permission to connect their various business premises with each other or with the Custom House, and that further applications of a similar kind are expected. We notice also that the work of connecting St. Leonards with Laun- ceston by telephone is in progress, and will be finished within a week. A wire has been erected from St. Leonards to the railway station, and is being carried along the poles on the L. and W. Railway to the Launceston station, and thence to the Telegraph Office. MUNICIPAL COUNcIL.-At the meeting of the Municipal Council yesterday it was decided to close the Municipal oflices on Campbell Town Show Day. Letters from Mr W. S. Bell for permission to connect his office with the Customs and wharf by telephone, and from the Mechanics' In stitute relative to tile purchase of a strip of land were postponed for consideration. The reports of the Public Reserves Com mittee brought up at last meeting were adopted, and the Baths Committee pre sented a report recommending the erection of baths at Fisherman's Creek. We are compelled to hold over our full report. THE ENGINEER IN-CHIEF.-Mr James Fincham, Engineer-in-Chief, arrived in town on Saturday from the N. W. Coast, where he has been inspecting the various routes proposed for a road to Mount Bischoff from some shipping port, and yesterday morning, accompanied by the Northern Overseer of Works (Mr Cres- well), Mr Finchlam started to inspect some important works in progress in the east- ward districts. As soon as Mr Fincham returns he will proceed direct to Hobart to give evidence before the Select Com- mitteb of the Legislative Council upon the Branch Roads Construction Bill. INFORMATION WANTED.-The agent for the s.s. Devon offers a reward for the re- covery of a cow and two heifers, which arrived in town by the Main Line train last evening for shipment to Emu Bay by the Devon, and escaped from the yard they were placed in. DRAMATTIC.--The Campbell Town Dra matic Club appear at Keen's Assembly 1 Rooms this and to-morrow evening, in aid of the funds of the Campbell Town c Mechanics' Institute, The pieces to be presented this evening are " Shipmates" y and " A Bilious Attack," and to- morrow a aevening " Our Girls" and "I've written ' to Brown," 0 LAUNCESTON MUSICAL UNION.-The second subscription concert of the Laun- ceston Musical Union will be given at the Mechanics' Institute this evening. The first portion of the programme consists of miscellaneous selections, and the second portion of the cantata " The building of c the ship." TASMANIAN TURF CLUB.--The annual meeting of the T.T.C. was held at the Criterion Hotel yesterday afternoon. There was a good attendance, and the chair was occupied by Mr G. T. Collins, who, after reading the advertisement con vening the meeting, in a forcible and lucid speech gave an explanation of the situation. He pointed out that, owing to the depressed state of things last year, the Committee decided to allow the meat ing to lapse, but now when the dark cloud was removed, and the prospects of the colony were so favourable in every direction, it was hardly right that the old Club, which had attained a certain amount of prestige, and had borno the burden and heat of the day for ten years, should have been treated so uncreo moniously-at least they might have been asked if they had any idea of holding a race meeting next year. He did not see the necessity of two clubs, and the existence of both must be injurious. He must say he did not see why the old Club should give way. It had carried on racing for ton years, and had reduced a debt of £700 to £320, and if dissatisfac tion were felt with the management it could be easily remedied, as the Com mittee was not a permanent one, but elected annually. He also thought that there had been some misunderstanding on the part of those who established the other Club, but trusted that they would join hands and give their valuable assistance to the old Club. Mr Collins concluded a sensible speech, which carried much weight, by placing before the meet ing the intentions of the Committee of the T. T. C. He said the Com mittee were quite willing to retire and let others carry on the racing, or they were willing to clear off the existing I debt of £320 at once if they were guaranteed that the profits on any moot ing should go towards recouping them until the amount was paid. If there were no profits they would put up with the loss, and if the latter proposal were accepted they would require a voice in the management. A long and desultory discussion ensued,in course of which it was stated by those who were instrumental in the formation of the now Club, that their action was taken under the impression that the T. T. Club did not intend to race, and they disclaimed all idea of opposition. It was then proposed to leave the old Club to continue to carry on the racing, while the others would retire. The Chairman and others very pertinently remarked that the Club wanted more support, and if this line of conduct were adopted it would be very prejudicial. .The proposal of the Com mittee, however, to take over the existing liability, and allow others to come in with out responsibilitywas favourably received. Ultimately an understanding was arrived at, and the following fifteen were chosen as aCommittee:-Messrs W. T. Bell,Chas. Youl, D. Room, George Ritchie, H. R. Falkiner, G. T. Collins, W. C. Grubb, B. P. Farrelly, J. A. Ferguson, E. H. Panton, H. I. Rooke, J. B. Curran, . J. Rankin, R. O'Connor, H. W. Douglas. A vote of thanks was passed in favour of Mr W. *D. Landale, who had previously tendered his resigna tion as secretary, and a vote of thanks carried by acclamation in favour of the Chairman terminated the proceedings. RmECEIVED.--We have received from Messrs Hudson and Hopwood the Graphic summer number for 1881, containing 36 pages, of which fifteen are filled with coloured pictures or sets of illustrative Ssieetnes, ana hne remainder are devoted to novelettes and short tales. There is also a large coloured supplement " Dying to Save the Queen's Colours" which reproduces that pathetic episode after the fatal battle of Isandlwhana in Zululand, in which Lieutenants Melville and Coghill, of the 24th Regiment, lost their lives fighting to the bitter end. From Messrs Walch [Brothers and Birch all we have received two cabinet photo graphs, entitled " I'so Sleepy," and " l'se Awake, " after the style of that beautiful pair of photos. " Good Night." and " Good Morning," only with a difference -the new pair are niggers. Also received a coloured photograph, "The Matrimonial Organ," concerning which it is written, " No home furnished without me." IMPORTAnTION OF A DAUoIIT STALLION. -By the last trip of the Tamar Mr E. H. Ruffles, of Circular Head, imported a draught stallion. The horse is named Van Tromp, and is five years old. He is a son of the celebrated Clydesdale stallion Muir Lad, sold to Andrew Town, Esq., of New South Wales, for the sum of 1000 guineas, and his dam is by Dan O'Connell,a son of the well-known Prince Charlie, while hIis grand damis by Planet, bred in the colony, and a son of Orwell. Van Tromp during the last three years has made, we understand, a first-class name for :himnself in the Bacchus M1Iarshl districti of Victoria, and he should be a great acquisition to breeders in the Cir cular Head district. The price paid for Van Tromp was, we are informed, £225, and the seller was Mr Robt. Jones, formerly of Launceston, but now of Mel bourne. ST. JOIIN'S FRIENDLY SOCIETY.-Ton ders for the supply of medicines, etc., to members of the St. John's Friendly Society and their families for twelve months from 1st October next, will be re ceived up to 19th inst. PROFESSOR RIce AT THIE TOWN HAILL. -A bumper house greeted Professor Rice in his farewell performance at the Town Hall last night, when an interesting programme was presented. The Professor appeared to be much refreshed after Sunday's rest, and succeeded in the several mind-reading tests put to him, to the entire satisfaction of the audience. The other parts of thle entertainment were performed in a highly eflicient and amnus ing manner. The ghost scene brought the performance to a close. And here we are compelled to pass severe censure upon the persones who so rashly tried to spoil an enjoyable evening's entertainment by endeavouring to "expose," as they call it, the Professor. All those who have visited any of his entertainments are aware that Professor Rice does not try to make people believe that there are such things as ghosts, but, on the contrary, the object of his performance is to show up spiritualism anti prove that there are no such things as ghosts, possibly the intruders last evening can speak from experienice, the Professor having made free use of a bell which he hlad in his hand. It will be seen by advortisoment that Professor Rice will receive and execute orders at the Town Hall to-day, for charts in physiognomy. CARRICK.-Tho United Choir will give a service of song at the Public Room, Carrick, on Thursday evening, in aid of the funds of Hadspen Chapel, when the Rev. J. G. Millard will preside. Friends from town wishingto go are requested to communicate with IMr Jno. Long. ' BANK OF AUSTRtALAsrIA.-The half yearly dividend of £2 8s per share, being I at the rate of 12 per cent. per annum, will be payable to colonial shareholders I on and after 4th October, GO-AS-YOU-PLEASE TOURNAM?NtT.-A very good committee has been secured for the twenty-four hours' go-as-you-please tournament, which will commence at the S People's Park on Friday evening, and as eighteen competitors have entered an ex- b citing contest may be looked for. r BEACONSFIELD DEBATING CLUB.-At a public meeting held at Beaconsfiold on Friday last (we learn from a corres pondent), the Rev. E. C. Tennant in the 1 chair, it was resolved to establish a Mutual Improvement Society and De bating Club ; and a committoo was formed to prepare rules, and arrange other pro liminarios, and report to a public meeting to be called at the Alfred Hall on Friday evening next, when all interested are in vited to attend. This institution will supply a long felt want at Beaconsfield, and will be conducted on purely un sectarian principles, and all resident clergymen have promised to support the movement. A library in connection with the Debating Club will be necessary, and any donations of books or periodicals will be thankfully received by the committee and the carriage to Beaconsfield paid. MAsoNic.--The meeting of the St, Andrew's R.A. Chapter, called for this evening, has been unavoidably postponed. A well attended meeting of Masons was held at the Lodge-rooms last evening, when the Provisional Committee of the proposed Masonic Hall Company sub mitted the plans and estimates upon which their calculations had been based, and a rough plan of a very commodious and suitable building which could be erected for the sum proposed, while the estimate of revenue showed agood surplus 3 over the working expenses. Timhe scheme a was approved of, and a suggestion brought a forward by the committee to increase the nominal capital of the Company to 3500 1 shares of £L each was approved of, and a \- resolution was passed that the committee o should act as a provisional directorate, with power to add to their number, till a the company was duly formed and office r bearers elected. As the applications and promises received for shares already a amount to nearly 1800 shares,thecompany \- may be considered an accomplished fact, i and we congratulate the Masons of Laun a ceston upon their enterprise, and trust its p success may surpass their most sanguine r expectations. I THE partnership between Messrs W. Belgue and T. C. Parsons, of Gladstone, has been dis solved in favour of the former. THE sale of the Rev. W. Dry's and Mrs © Henry's properties is postponed by Mesasrs 1 Hartnoll and Ferguson to Thursday next. a ON Wednesday the evening train on the L. and W. Railway will not leave Launceston till 5'30 p.m., so as to connect with the Main Line special from Campbell Town Show at Evandalo Junction at 6-25 p.m. TENDERS are invited for the erection of a a public school at 'Parkham, near Deloraine. 1 D. J. B. MASON notifies time hours and dates at which le will vaccinate gratuitously through out the Longford district. 9 