Christmas Story. GRIM REALITY. By Ernest Favenc. .Chapter I. WHY JACK MAITLAND WANTED £50 AND PAID SIXTY PEE CENT. FOE IT. Lately, I believe, some credulous people have been desirous of proving that the Anglo-Saxon race is identical -with the lost tribes of Israel, but I am not yet aware that this suggestion of kinship has in any ?way affected the rate of interest when a temporary nn nersonal security has been required. Not but what I am of the opinion that the Gentile is as eager an usurer as the Jew, and as hard a creditor ; but when the tribe of Judah will pose so prominently before the world in the role of the money-lender, it must be content to appropriate most of the uncomnlimentary characteristics ascribed to usurers. Still it seems hard, that when usury rents large and well situated offices, dignifies itself with the name of ' company,' veils its 60 per cent, charge under the softer surrounding names of commission, correspondence, &c.;,^ and ' only lends on unexceptional security, it should no longer be called usury. But soit is ; and, while a pawnbroker is a ♦Tiing of scorn, a loan and mortgage com pany is highly respectable. Jack Mait land wanted £50. Not having any avail able security on hand just then which would render the bargain less one-sided, he had to pledge his word, and although his friend, the obliging money-lender whom he sought, professed every con fidence in that word, still he could not resist making him pay for that con It was not a particularly large office wherein the monetary transaction was being effected. Beyond a few placards setting forth the merits of various brands of wines and spirits it was devoid of ornament, and save for the high transact ing parties, the J ew and Gentile, it was devoid of occupants. The Gentile was leaning back in his chair, watching the other draw out the promissory note he was about to sign, watching very indolently, for he did not seem a man who could be energetic ex cepting on grand occasions. He was an average-sized man, about thirty, clean shaved, save for a moustache, decidedly what is called good form in appearance, although without any claim to good l0-The Jew finished his work in a few moments, and handed the promissory note across the table to Maitland, who glanced over it. . 'No, you,' he said, tossing it back, ' I thought you knew I would not stand that sort of thing.' iimot »nrf nf thin? ? returned the other ; 'it seems quite right— one month, £50.' 'And you'll give me a cheque for £47 10s. ? Make the note out for £52 10s , and give me £50, please, or I muBt really transfer my valuable custom. Ihave not sufficient energy to calculate how much additional interest you would make out of me by your arrangement, but, whatever email sum it is, I prefer keeping it— out of pure obstinacy, nothing more.' T$ie other grinned, and altered the amounts as required. ' A glass of sherry, Mr. Maitland ? ' he enquired, when the negotiation was complete. ' Of course ! That is the sherry youkeepforoldcus tomers like me, none of your Civil Service tap,' replied Jack. ' I am afraid this will be our last little trans action, Moss,' he said, aB he looked dreamily into the ^Ha^*' returned Moss, ' I wonder now how manv I have heard say that ! ' 'Really,'* went on Maitland, with an air of assumed simplicity, 'do people often make good resolutions like that and break them? 'But, honestly, did you ever hear me say it before ? ' 'Well, no; on the contrary, you generally inform me that it won t belong before you are back again, and — ' ' I generally keep my word. J ust so ; I intend to do it this time; I am going up to Queensland shortly.' _ 'May I enquire if there is anything good on?' , ' Well, no ; change of climate, pastoral pursuits ; want to wear my town clothes out. Good bye, not au revoir this time. ? And Jack stepped out into the street and sauntered towards -the bank to cash Mr. Moss's cheque. The financial agent looked after hun thoughtfully for a moment, then his brow cleared, and he went on with his work again. ' He may be going to Queensland,' he thought, ' but I know he'll settle up with me when the tune comes.' „ ' A careless, extravagant beggar was the verdict generally passed upon Mait land by his,— well, we'll say, friends, lo tell the truth, the verdict was often stronger, and contained charges of a fondness for cakes and ale that no well regulated appetite should give way to. However, he was now at the limit of his resources. . His share in the station, whereon he was born, he had parted with to his elder brothers, and he calculated on just having sufficient to wipe off his debts, and start in a new colony with, at least, a clean bill of health. .He scarcely looked like a ruined, penniless man as he passed down George-street, and returned the nods of his acquaintances. The teller at the bank may have chuckled silently at the signature to the cheque, if he gave it a thought, for he knew that when men began to cash cheques with that name on it, it looked very stormy weather ahead ; but other people who met Jack that day little guessed that he was calculating how few were the pounds he expected to possess when he arrived in Queensland. With his money in his pocket Jack left the bank and looked for a moment wistfully at a cab. Then he shookhis head, ' I must economise,' he thought, 'my -walking days have commenced,' and turning his back on the block, whereon the first-to-come habitues had already made their appearance, he strode off towards one of the suburbs. Resisting the temptations offered for threepence by passing omnibuses, our new friend walked on for nearly an hour, until he reached a portion of the town # where terraces of small houses are common and frequent, 'board and lodging' notices are to be seen in the windows. Stopping at a house which bore the more pretentious legend, ' apartments to let.' Mait land knocked, and after a short parley was ushered into a email room in an upper storey. Although it was glaring afternoon, the room was artificially darkened, so much so, that at first entrance it was difficult for a stranger to distinguish anything. When the vision got accustomed to the semi-darkness, one could make out that a young girl with bandaged eyes, was lying on a sofa. Jack sat down beside the shabby couch, and took the hand that was stretched out, feeling for his. 'Well,' he said, and his voice was very gentle, as though the 'reckless extravagant beggar' had been left outside that darkened room, 'how are our eyes this afternoon ? ' The girl sighed wearily, ' no better,' she replied, 'and O ! so painful.' ' Poor little woman ! ' and he put his hand tenderly over the bandaged brows. ' She must go to this crack Melbourne doctor we heard about.' ' They say he is very clever ; and that he has made this nerve disease his special study, but how am I to go?' ' 'Well, I should say by a steamer, but there ! I did not intend to pain you — you mean, where is the money to come from,5 Supposing I play fairy godmother.' 'You! Oh no, how could I take it from you,? How could I pay you back ? ' ' As to not taking it from me, if you have any other friends who have a prior claim to assist you, why I will retire, in their favour. As to paying me back ; why you know that.fifty or sixty pounds is not, fortu nately, of so much importance to me at present, to make the repayment particularly urgent,'' Jack blushed as he uttered tins boast, but he could do so safely before his blind companion. 'You know I have now no friend here but you,' she replied; and her voice broke a little as she thought of a lately filled-in grave ; 'and if you really, really can spare it, I am so helpless that I suppose there would be no harm in borrowing it from you.' ' Spare it, you incredulous little mortal ! Why just at this particular time I have more than I know what to do with ; so let us consider ' means ' settled, and talk of « ways.' Now, what did our good friend the doctor say this morning? ' ' That if I could possibly get down to Melbourne I must go at once, as the operation must be performed i within a week or it would be too late, and I should be blind for life.' ' And if you go down to Melbourne is there any one you know down there, any one who -will look after you ? ' ' Yes, my cousin.' ' Ah yes ! the one you told me of who was of a money-loving disposition, and would be glad to do anything for payment. Will she meet you if I tele graph to her r' . , ' Yes, you must explain that' — here the girl hesi tated. ' That she won't lose by it ; certainly. Now there is a steamer starting to-morrow, and fortunately a lady I know is going to Melbourne in her, and I am sure she will look after you on the passage. Can you start so soon ?' ' Start any time ; I have little to take with me.' Jack looked around the bare room and sighed. ' And next time I see you I shall know what colour those eyes of yours are, for you know I've never seen them yet,' he said cheerfully. ' AnH you, I shall see you; I often try and picture you.' ?' Do you, and what sort of a fellow do you make of me?' ' I don't know, I never can quite think what you are like ; only it always seems that everything big and strong and good and kind, must be like you. And it seems as though I had known you such a long long time, and when I count up it is only two months.' ' Two months is long, when one is kept in a dark room,' said Jack, feeling rather doubtful as to the quality of goodness ascribed to him. ' Yes, two months since my mother fainted in the ! street, and you brought her home here, and have always been to see me every day since she died.' 'There, there, that wifil do,' interrupted Jack hastily ; ' you know we must be jolly now, because you're going to get your eyes put to rights very soon, and then — there, I'd almost forgotten that, what then ?' ' O, I can work then,' she returned cheerily, ' I'm not afraid once I get my sight back, but it is so hard to be blind.' . ' And now we must not talk any more. What shall I read to you for the last time ?' ' I don't want to hear any poetry to-day, but would you mind,' she asked timidly, ' reading me a chapter m the Bible that my mother was so fond of ? You will find the book open of itself at the place.' There was' a puzzled expression on Maitland's face as he got up and took the book. ' Women and children believe in this sort of thing, I suppose,' he muttered. Then he lit a candle and shaded it with accustomed hand, so that the light should not reach the girl's face. The house -was very silent, and so was the hot street in front; often in after life, when it was peculiarly hot, ar.d still it would came back to him as in a dream, a vision of himself, sitting in the darkened room, reading to the blind girl from the gospel of St. John the Evangelist. * . * * * * 'And many believed on him there.' Jack closed the book softly, and turned to the sofa. 'Now I must go,' he said. ' Good bye, kind friend, come close to me a moment,' Jack knelt beside her and she passed her hand over his face. 'Sometimes,'' she said, 'lam quite frightened that I am going to be blind, because my hands have become so sensitive, like the hands of , -? the blind.' ' V ou will lose the feeling again,' he -returned. ' I think I should know you if I saw you, without hearing your voice. You will come to-morrow?' ' I will — to take you on board ; be ready about 2 o'clock.' He hesitated for a moment, then stooped and kissed the poor patient lips, and left the room. 'I wonder,' he thought, as he turned townwards, ' whether any money of old Moss's was ever borrowed for purely philanthropic m otives before — I am inclined to think not, therefore it was worth doing if only as an exception to the general rule ; the exception we'll say that proves the rule,' and true to his new-born economic principles J ack Maitland walked home to his lodgings, and went to bed at 10 o'clock for the first time within the memory of his oldest friend. Jack arose at a reasonable hour the next morning, declined the usual brandy and soda that the thought ful waiter brought to him, packed his traps up, settled his hotel bill, and considered what he should then do until the Melbourne steamer left. His own boat bound north started two hours later, so he had plenty of spare time on his hands. When a man generally gets up at noon, makes a leisurely toilet that carries him on 'until lunch, he is apt to be puzzled what to do with his morning if by chance he does get up before nine. In this case Mr. Maitland bethought him of a duty call he ought to make before leaving his native colony for an indefinite period. He was the proud possessor of a trio of maiden aunts, who resided in a suburban villa and who, truth to tell, looked upon him as the particular member destined to bring an honoured name to the gallows. He was received by the youngest of the three sisters, known as Aunt Eliza. ' I am quite well, thank you,' she replied t^ his dutiful inquiries, ' Your aunt Clara has one of her headaches, but I think she 'will see you,* and your aunt Matilda is out, but will I hope be back before you go.' Jack knew of old that his aunts always insisted on a family distribution of head aches ; Clara had her headaches, Matilda hers, and Eliza hers. If one 6ister had laid claim to any symptoms that the others owned, war would have been in evitable. Therefore when Eliza said that Clara had one of her headaches, he knew that it was a peculiarly acute pain over the right eyebrow, that entailed much groaning on the part of the sufferer, and a large consumption of stimulants. Matilda's headaches were over the left eyebrow, and Eliza's at the back of the head. Fortunately he had the pleasure of seeing all his aunts on the occasion of this visit, and informed them of his in tention of going to Queensland. 'To Queensland,' repeated the eldest sister, ' then you will meet William Parker.' ' Who is Mr. William Parker ? ' he naturally asked, not being acquainted with the gentleman. ' 'William Parker,' replied his aunt, 'is a young man who would inspire you with, con fidence. I may say that before he left here ho inspired us with confidence. I feel confident that the acquaintanceship will be for your benefit.' ' I hope so,' said Jack, ' but whereabout am I likely to meet him ? ' ' You will meet him in Queensland,' returned Eliza, ' if, as we understand, that is your destination. William Parker left here six months ago for Queens land.' As his aunts seemed to have but hazy notions as to the size and geography of Queensland, and as he did not feel particularly interested in the confidence inspiring William, Jack did not pursue the subject, and presently left his aunts to wonder as to what crime would probably lead to his final compulsory exit from this world. As it happened he was destined to meet William Parker under circumstances that did not inspire confidence. This visit and the walk to and fro carried him well on to lunch, and, after a hasty meal, he repaired to the small house he had visited the day before. He found his little friend nervously await ing him, with her scanty belongings packed into one small portmanteau and a hand-bag. Poor child, now that the time had come, it seemed a terrible thing to leave the one friend to whom she clung, and go foith blind and alone to a strange place. Fortunatety Jack had received an. answer to the diplomatically worded telegram he had sent, and was able to assure her that her cousin would meet her at the whaif : also that the lady friend he had spoken of had promised out of the fulness of her womanly heart to take every care of her, on board the steamer. As Jack helped her down the stairs and into the cab he had waiting, one could see that she was a slight deli cate girl, looking much younger than her real age, eighteen. Her figure had lost the curves of girlhood, from long confine ment, aud as she stepped into the street the cruel daylight made her wince even through the thick bandages and veils that covered her eyes. She nestled close to Jack ; that strong arm guiding, and helping her seemed all she had to depend on in her darkened life. Along the bustling wharf, aud across the narrow gangway, Maitland half led half carried his charge, and at last de livered her into the care of his friend, whose heart was touched at the helpless ness confided to her. The hawsers were cast off, the captain exchanged his shore-going hat for a cap ; slowly the steamer backed out from the wharf, and Jack stood and watched, her, wondering whether he should ever see his little friend again; and then, as the ? steamer moved more swiftly out of his sight, carrying away, amongst other ? things, Mr. Moss's fifty pounds, minus he cost of the passage-money to Melbourne, lie tunica _ iway, and damned with unnecessary emphasis an in iquality in the planks that made him stumble. Fact ivas, lus eyes were so suspiciously moist, that an un irej udiced onlookgr might say there were tears in. them. , Now for the new life, in a new country,' he thought, is a couple of hours afterwards he, too, was carried away up the blue harbour. Many people in Sydney, male and female, the latter perhaps of not great social standing, remarked that night on J ack Maitland's de parture, but his absence did not in anyway disturb their enjoyment of the passing haiir ; only one little girlish heart far away thought of the ruined spend thrift as her hero, her strong kind friend, so tender, Jack knelt beside her , and she passed her hand over his face. — Chapter I. Something moved tender a screen of withered boughs. Beneath the ? scanty shelter th-at a few branches afforded against, th-: cruel slin, sat an old black miserable gin—fleshless , hideous , and powerless. — Chapter II. ao good, and so generous — and prayed that her sight might be restored, if only that one day die might see him. _ Well, after all, if Jack had suspected it, 'which he did not, for he was a bit of a cynic, that prayer was cheaply bought at 60 per cent. Chapter II. WHAT JACK MAITLAND FOUND 'WEST. ' A new life and a new country ' f Aye, both — the man himself is a new man. His face is thinner, harder, browner ; and his frame is lighter by at least a stone than when we saw him twelve months ago in Sydney. The broad red sun is sinking below an horizon as level, almost, as the sea line. Not a cloud flecks the fierce rays that radiate from the fiery orb ; it sets in a dull haze, angry looking, ominous ; promising another day of heat ana drought on the morrow. Jack Mait land and his companion stand for a moment looking around, after hobbling their horses on the dry Mitchell grass, a lonely landscape it is that meets their sight. At their backs the downs rise, treeless, and stretch ing for miles without'a break ; in front a bare barren plain, studded with dry sapless bushes on which the leaves have long since perished; at their feet a small hole about a hundred feet in length with a little muddy water at the bottom. About half-a-dozen stunted straggling trees are growing on the banks of the waterhole, the only timber visible. On their branches some twenty or thirty kites have alighted since the sun set. Every now and again one of tTiom flies heavily down to the water and after a few sips returns to its rooBt on the branch. ' A lonely look out, Tom,' says Maitland; 'but put two or three hundred head of cattle feeding out there on the downs, and you'd be astonished how different the place would look.' ' Yes,'' returns the other, a short spare man ; 'but we're not badly off to night, our horses will get a fine feed, Mitchell grass, dry or green, is always good.' ' And,' says Jack, ' I think we shall manage enough firewood to boil our quarts. And firewood is an item out here.' The darkness has crept on apace, and before the scanty meal is ready, the stars are bright and brilliant overhead, and the wide plains are shrouded from view. 'Tom,' 6aid our early acquaintance, as they dis cussed their smoke- dried beef and Bhort allowance of damper ; ' how do you think that water-hole we were at yesterday will hold out for another week r ' ?? Another week of this weather, and it will be as dry as a bone,' returned Tom, confidently. ' That means a hundred miles from here to camp without a drop, unless a thunderstorm fells.' 'It's my opinion we've got out here in such a season as has'nt been seen by the oldest inhabitant, whoever he is. There's been rain! just enough to make grass grow, but beyond a bit of a thunderstorm, not one creek has run for years. This thing 'sonly been filled by those storms as fell a month ago,' and he jerked his foot contemptuously at the waterhole where, they were camped. ' So they told us on the Herbert,' replied Mait land; 'they had had a bad season there, and from .what little they could tell, it had been much worse to the westward. 'But of course, Mr. Maitland,' went on Tom, who, having had his growl out, was satisfied. . ' I'm just as willing to go on as long as you like. Those fellows at camp will be all right for another fortnight ; and we haven t seen any country yet worth coming out after. This ain't so bad, but its only a patch, or I'm much mistaken.' 'Due west to- moxrow, Tom, and chance the odds. So let's have a good sleep to-night, for we may never get one again.'' In an hour's time, save for the snort of a horse and the occasional rattle of a hobble chain, the neighbour hood of the waterhole was as still as if the white nun had not yet found his way there. Maitland had at present not retrieved his spent for tune ; some of the men to whom he was known by name had, -however, agreed to advance money and stock could he find some country, and it was on this quest he was now bouud. Retarded and baffled by a long-continued drought, he had as yet found nothing to reward, his toil ; and. before turning back he had, with one man, determined to make a last vigorous push ahead, leaving the rest of his party to await his , return at the last water, of any consequence, that they had found, Men are early risers in the far west, before the sun was well up the horses were packed, the water bags filled, and the two men ready to start. Ere they had left their camp a hundred yards behind, the restless crows were down in quest of chance leavings. Tom was right ; the downB country proved only a patch, and by noon they had been travelling for hours through the scrubby semi-desert that they had met with for so long. Maitland's hopes fell as the day declined, and no change was visible, a few clpuds gathered up, threatening a thunderstorm, but nothing came of it, and sundown found them mooting the question of returning or progressing. ' 'It's going back now, or not at all,' said Mait land, ' we've just enough water to give the horses a little all -round, and if we're lucky we'll find some left where we camped last night ; there '11 be none there in forty-eight hours.' ' Seems hard to torn back when we might be close to good country,this sort of miserable spinifez forest sometimes runslight on to downs,' returned Tom, looking wistfully-ahead. ' I fed inclined to go on and chance it, but there's no reason why I should peril your life. I've got more to gain than you have.' 'Don't think of that, Mr. Maitland,' said Tom eagerly, 'let's give the horses as much water as-we can, a couple of hours' spell, and then on ; this scrub is not so thick but what we can get along pretty well at night.' The quiet night seemed heavy with the heated breath of the past day as the two lonely men rode on. The air was hot, and dry ; no moisture came with the dawning hours ; no chill wind crept through the mo tionless boughs of the twisted, stunted trees they rode amongst. Ajj Ranken aptly calls it, ' a sullen dewless ' night,' the night of die desert was around them. The two men rode on silently, conversation was of courae impossible, as one rode on ahead for the pack horses to follow, the other keeping behind to drive them; but neither whistled nor hummed a tune, to pass the hours away; in that grim forest it seemed out of place. At last a faint light blotting out the stars nearest the horizon told of the dawn. Jack turned in his saddle to watch it, ' I wonder if we shall see the deysclose,' he thought; 'not if this sort of country continues,' his thoughts went on as he . lookedonce moreahead. The fast-coming light did not certainly reveal a rery promising sight. The horses, distressed and wearied, went doggedly on, thfcir flanks painfully pinched and drawn— evidently they would not last put another day. straggling forest that surrounded them did not permit any extensive view to be taken, but so far as could be seen there was nothing but spinifex, such as they had been travelling through all night. pulled up when it was broad daylight to exchange a few words with his companion. ' Well, Tom, what's jour opinion of the state of affaire?' or et blessed desert soon, or niy tmubc fi not Tom Douglas,' I thought so just before daylight, but I don't now. ? * ^ «ot«wL wllen we Passed that little open patch, that s what I mean. Not because of the little J0u U eet them right through the 866 80me timber that was grow ing just this side ? ' No, nothing but this confounded stuff we're in no'nr. . ' ^ was dark, so you didn't notice it, but I was a little bit off your track and rode right underneath it— a bauhinia tree— and it's the first 'we've seen since 12 o clock yesterday.' ' Well, let b get on while its 'cool, and see what we've got before us.' ' Mind you, I don't say we'll get water, but we'll get open country before long,' and Tom fell into his place behind the pack horses, and once more the little party moved forward. right, before half an hour had passed, Maitland called out and pointed ahead. The open was in sight. When they reached the edge of the forest they saw before them a long stretch of downs, apparently boundless to the westward, some timber was faintly visible a long way off, and as it ?VaS TSk' their course, Maitland headed for it. The soft spongy downs country was very trying on the horses, and as the day grew hotter, they had to go very slowly. Maitland looked around him as he rode along, at last his efforts were rewarded, the country that they were riding through, though suffer ing under a prolonged drought, was everything that could be desired from a pastoral point of view. Would either of them live to profit by their discovery was now the question. The timber they had seen in the morning looked almost as far off as ever ; one of the horses was nearly done, and the sun seemed to scorch and smite them with almost unsupportable heat. At times; too, a hot puff of wind would steal across the treeless country, cracking their parched lips, and adding to the distress of the horses. The beginning of the end came- at last; one of the horses, in a half mad way, with staring eyes and quivering tucked up flanks, had for some time been try ing to wander away from the rest, and now it stumbled and fell. Maitland and Tom dismounted, and after some trouble got the poor brute up on its legs again ; but it was evident that it could go no further. ' If there's water at the timber he might find his way in to night,' said Tom, 'but I doubt he'll be dead before then.' On again towards the clump of timber, that at last began' to look a little nearer. Noou was coming on ; and towering columns of dust raised by the whirlwinds, could be seen on all sides; the : norses held out gamely, and by 1 o' clock they . were cloBe to the clump of treeB,' their hopes rising und falling as they approached. It seemed a bad look -out, evidently the trees indicated some sort of a watercourse, but no birds were visible, no sigh of life at all; Suddenly Tom shouted, for he was now riding' ahead, 'Maitland taking a spell at driving thehorses. There's a black's camp ahead, I can see smoke, and some dead boughs.' ' Strange thatthbreare no crowsabout,' thought Jack,as they pushed on. The horses pricked tip their ears when a puff -btwind came to them from the direc tion-of the timber, and eagerly ran forward. Tom tried to stop- them, but'oduld-aot ; they broke past him, and ran on to what was now evidently a large watercourse, with coolibah treeB growing on the banks. The horses disappeared down the bank, and when Jack , and- his companion arrived, they found them pawing and fretting round a little damp mud, that was all that remained of what had once been a fine sheet of water. It was a blank look-out, and so the two men thought as they gazed at each other, and then at the deserted camp. Something moved under a screen of withered boughs, both saw it at once, and hastened there. Beneath the scanty shelter that a few branches afforded, against the cruel sun, sat an old miserable black gin — fieshless, hideous, and powerless. She was squatting *in the dust, with an old yam stick, and a battered 'coolamen' beside her. In the coolamen was about half a pint of muddy water, rapidly drying up in the intense heat, the only thing between her and death. Evidently she had been left behind, unable to travel, when the tribe had been forced to leave for another waterhole. Maitland looked at Tom and then took his water-bag from the saddle, they had not much left, he stooped under the boughs, and poured some into the rude wooden vessel beside the poor forsaken creature. She had shown no knowledge of their presence up to this, now, seeing with her bleared half blind eyes that something was touching her precious water, she snatched up the jram stick and struck feebly in the direction, with a pitiful sound, half whine half snail. 'Poor old wretch,' said . Maitland as they stood together once more, ' I suppose death will not be very painful to her. We cannot help her ; she is top far gone.' k ' Strikes me we've got our work cut out. to help ourselves. I wonder which way those blacks went, up or down the creek.' ' It's rather hard to say which is up and which is down ; for all indications' there are, the creek might run both ways,' returned Maitland. 'I'll hunt round for the tracks,' said Tom,' '.those niggers must have made for the Nearest water,'' and, tying his horse to a tree, he took a wide circle on foot round the camp. . Maitland climbed up one of the trees to lookaround, but could see nothing but rolling downs, on all sides ; the desert they-htul left in the morning was now a thin black line inthe distance ; the creek seemed to run ,aboutnorth aridsouth, aridsrasapparently better defined to the south than the north:- - A few kites were hover ing and swooping about, hunting for grasshoppers; but Jack knew that these1 birds are found long distances' from water. As he descended he saw Tom retracing withasmaUskln bag in his hand. 'The tracks-all go down there,' he -said, pointing to the south; ' there's a regular main trail ; look here, one of them dropped his bag of pitouri it must be precious dry,;o'rhfc would have come back for it.' Maitland took the pouch and looked at the contents' he had often heard of the pitouri plant, but never had seen any before. ' It looks like dry chopped grass,' he remarked. ' Yes,' returned Tom, who was an old hand in the west, ' its not prepared yet. First they chew it up into a pulp ; then they bury it in the hot 6and, and I suppose it ferments, for when they take it out it's fit for use. They chew it, and carry the chew about stuck in their wool. Some of them on the Herbert are awfully insulted if you refuse a chew when they offer it to you.' ' Did you ever see it growing, Tom ? ' ' No, it only grows in one place, a creek running into the Herbert — tbey call it Pitouri Creek. The blacks up there are pretty saucy ; they get the pitouri and exchange it with other tribes, but I didn't know these beggars knew about it.' 1 Maitland put the bag in his saddle pouch. ' I'll have it analysed if ever I get back,' he said. Then he and Tom looked the problem of the next twenty four houro in the face. ' I wonder how far it is to the water the blacks have gone to ? ' said Tom. ' A good step, I expect ; they seem to have hung out here as long as they could. How far can they travel without water ? ' ' A long way with the big coolamen they use about here. Fifty miles I should 6ay.' ' Our horses don't look like another fifty miles, do they ? ' ' No, nor another ten, poor devils. I'd sooner give them a drink than have one myself.' ' Well, Tom, we must decide on something ; we've about a couple of quarts of water left, and apparently no prospect of any more.' Tom was silent for a while. During the time they had been at the camp, some heavy thunder clouds had gathered ; to the westward rain was apparently falling only a few miles away. ' Those thunder storms are very deceptive,' said Maitland, who noted the direction of his glance. ' When we get out there we might not find enough had fallen to wet a pocket handkerchief.' ' I know that, sir, and in my opinion it's just a toss up whether we go for that storm or follow the blacks* tracks.' ' Well, we will toss up ; money is not much good out here, but I have a shilling somewhere in my saddle pouch.' ' Head for the thunderstorm, tail for the blacks' tracks,' said Tom. Maitland spun up the coin ; it fell head. ' I'd sooner have gone the other way,' said Tom, as they gathered the horses together, 'but we'll stick to the toss up.' The storm in front of them looked black enough as they advanced, but neither of the men laid much stress on that ; both had often seen thunderstorms of the most frowning appearance vanish in lightning and wind. Still they hoped that their experience might be at fault, and pressed on in the direction the storm appeared to be falling. About an hour before sun down the clouds that had gradually been growing lighter broke and cleared, and all signs of rain disappeared. ' We ought to be about the place,' said Maitland, pulling up at last. 'Passed it, I think,' replied Tom; 'and there's been no rain here for the last two years by the look of things.' True, the ground -was as dry as the floor of a furnace, the withered roots of grass visible here and there had evidently not been visited by any rain for an indefinite past period. Both men looked dejected for the first time ; it seemed to come home to them what their fate was to be. Their horses were dead beat and dying, their water ?« as done, they were at last utterly without hope ; and the only feeling they had left was the dogged resolution to struggle on to thela6t. ' I vote we bear down to pick up the tracks of the niggers, the water might be only a short distance away,' said Tom. Maitland shook his head. 'That old gin would not have been left behind if it had been anywhere at all near ? .'' fie stopped short and Btared before him, speechless 4 in addressing Tom he had turned half round, and was looking in a direction neither of them had before glanced. Where they were standing was parched and perished with drought, not half a mile away the plain was a sheet of water.1 : There was no wind, and ' the horses stood there dying; unconscious of the neighbourhood 'of the saving element. - Tom gave a wild whoop as he followed the direction of Maitland's gaze, then they both urged the horses in that direction. That night as they lay smoking, a luxury they felt they dared indulge in now, Tom remarked, ' Well, that thunderstorm turned up trumps after all, but the next time I'm in a hobble like this I won't trust to it ; such afiukedoesn'thappen twice in a man's life-time.' Maitland only muttered something inaudible in reply, Tom thought he was asleep, but he was only thinking that fortune must have something in store for him still, or he would not have been alive that night. ? Chapter III. - HOW WILLIAM PARKER INSPIRED JACK WITH GREAT CONFIDENCE. The next morning Maitland and Tom parted for the day to make a thorough examination, in different directions, of the surrounding country. Jack went back by the dry hole where they first struck the creek, meaning to leave a fresh supply of water and food with the old gin, but he was too late, another visitor had been there before him. She was dead. After two days' work they started back to the camp where the remainder of the party awaited them, and arrived there without meeting with any more adven tures. One day, after they had reached the Herbert on their homeward way, and were once more among6t the widely scattered stations of that region, Tom Douglas, who, with Jack, was riding on ahead, drew the attention of the latter to fresh foot-tracks visible here and there on the track they were following. ' Too far out for a swagman,' he said, ' somebody must be camped about here ! but then there's no water for the next twenty miles, this is the driest part of the river.' Somebody v, as camped there, however, a man, who when overtaken seemed likely to make a permanent camp of it. He was lying q short distance from the road, fiercely grasping an empty canvas water bag ; he was moaning a little, but otherwise took no notice of them. Tom raised his head and Jack moistened the black and bleeding lips with water. Slowly the eyes opened, and such an awful look Maitland never saw in human eyes before. An eternity of thirst torture seemed to be.condensed in the frightened stare with which the poor wretchregarded his rescuers. ' He tried to speak, butthe swollen tongue refused to give utter ance, only an unmeaning sound like the senseless gibber of an idiot could be heard. ' Give him a very little at a time, Mr. Maitland,' said Tom, who had poured some water on his hand kerchief and was bathing the sufferer's head and face. In a wonderfully short period a look of reason once more crept into the man's eyes, and he clutched at the water-bag to try to get more of the fluid. Jack stopped him gently, and the slackened tongue now found strength to curse him savagely, if feebly, 'for the act. The men standing round were sufficiently hardened by the wild life of the far outside, but not one but could help feeling 6tartled at hearing this man just rescued from the valley of the shadow cursing the hand that stayed his progress there. In time the sufferer regained his senses, and as the waterhole they had camped on at noonday was not many miles away, they went back to it in preference to geing on that day. Then the traveller they had rescued found strength to tell his story. It was a common enough one in the west. An attempt to strike out a short cut, no water, knocked-up and dying horses, then a desperate effort to reach the river on foot, only to find it dry at the point where he struck it. The rescued man, now that the hand of death was lifted from his shoulder, seemed altogether a different being to the man of a few hours back. He was a good-looking fellow of about eight and twenty, with frank blue eyes that looked honestly and openly into yours ; a straight nose, and a mouth that always wore a cheerful smile. His voice was soft and well modulated, and no one could have believed that itcould have growled out curses only a short time back. Some -,nw in smte of his taking manner, Jack felt that the real man was the man whom they picked up on the hank of the Herbert, not this pleasant voiced stranger SngSsef so agreeable to everybody. La the course of the evening his prejudice was strenetiiened . discovery that was accidentally made. ine steangerludde^y let slip that he had f companion with him when they Sy «' Where did you leave him ? said JacK, eageriy and angrily. 'We would have gone back on your £cSToynce, now it is almost 'certain to be too la-' I do not know where we parted,' returned the other. ' I think it was about ten miles from the river ; I cannot remember. I was quite mad for the la£« ftojjman ! Why did you not tell us you had a mate with you when you came to your senses . 'I suppose I was too stupid. I am only just now beginning to fairly remember everything. „ ' What was the last you saw of the other man. The stranger started visibly, and a frightened loo came into his eyes at Jack's question, then he spoke slowly as though he was trying to recall, or as lorn Douglass remarked afterwards, ' Making it up as he went on.' , , ' We had a dispute about the nearest way to strike for the river, and he went more to the south. I sa.w him for the last time about a mile from me walking in a different direction, a little west of south-west. I did not Bee him again, I think he must have fallen down insensible, or laid down to die, but I was too far gone to think much about anything except struggling ^'How was it, then, that you noticed the, direction he took 60 accurately r' said Douglas. 'Mechanically, I suppose, just as I pushed on to the river, although I remembered nothing about it.' . ... ' I wish you could have told this sooner, we might have found your mate before it was too late ; now we can do nothing until morning,'' replied Jack, reproachfully. The stranger pleaded his dazed condition, and appeared as much hurt as anybody at the unfortunate omission on his part. Soon afterwards the whole camp was at rest, and the silence of the western night was only broken by an occasional hoot from some flitting owl. Tom Douglas, who was sleeping next the stranger, had an uncomfortable dream just about midnight, and awoke under the impression that somebody was calling out anxiously and fearfully to him. He sat up and listened. All was quiet, and he was about to lie down again when the stranger near him began to talk restlessly in his sleep. Tom thought nothing of thi6, it is common for men after intense excitement, or a hard day's work, to go through the whole once more in dreams. Many a time had he listened to his companions on the road with cattle, driving imaginary mobs all night. But the stranger's Words attracted his attention. ' I did not take the bag from him, he left me him self,' he said quite distinctly and loudly : then he muttered incoherently, and at last once more broke out. ' I tell you he 'had his share, d ? it, give me 'more, more, Christ ! Christ ! I'm choking.' And With a wild cry he sat up and looked around. 'You have bad dreams, mate!' said Tom, -after a pause. ' Dream ! who wouldn't dream after whatlsuffered this morning,' returned the other. 'No,' said Tom, 'and I expect your friend sufiered, too, unless he got into water. Think he did?' ' I can hardly think so ; he was worse than I was when we parted.' ' ' I quite believe he was,' mutterted Tom. ' Good night,' and he ^foiled his blanket over him again and fell asleep. Everybody was astir before daylight, and shortly after sunrise Maitland, Douglas, and another started in search of the stranger's companion ; the stranger, who pleaded fatigue, remaining in camp with the other two men. Tom was a good tracker, and there was no difficulty in running the foot-tracks back on the soft soil of the downs, but although they followed them and hunted about a long summer's day they found nothing but a dead horse to reward their seacli. So far as they went back they could only see the tracks of one man and, beyond the dead horse, of one horse. As their water was done they could do nothing but return unsuccessfully. The stranger could tell them no more than he had done. It might have been the day before he reached the river they parted ; it might have be'en any time ; it was all like a dream ; and, as it was evident that the man must be dead some time if he had not reached water, Maitland threw up the quest and proceeded on his way. The stranger, who gave his name as Parker, accompanied the party, Jack providing him with a horse and saddle. He had been some days with them when J ack discovered, in the course of conversation, that he was from Sydney. ' I think I know some relations of yours down there,' he remarked ; and a little further questioning elicited the fact that accident had thrown in' his way the veritable William Parker who had inspired his maiden aunts with such con fidence. Maitland could not help laughing over the coincidence, although he had to confess that the man had a singularly winning way with him. In fact, he himself acknowledged its power, for already he had ceased to regard Mr. ^ Parker with the mistrust that their first meeting had inspired him with. One man alone, and that was Tom Douglas, 6tuck sturdily to his original impression, and would not admit their new travelling companion to diminish the cold dis» tance he preserved between them. It was a far journey to the first township of any size, and long before they reached it the original party was broken up, and Tom Douglas alone remained with Maitland. Parker had beggfiito be allowed to accompany them as farjis— BUngallee, the township they were making for. As he was in a destitute con dition, having lost horses and all on his la6t trip, it was not in Jack's nature to refuse him ; consequently he was still with them when they entered the cele brated township aforesaid. In the estimation of the residents thereof, Bun gallee was a town of wealth and importance second only to the capitals of the various colonies. Ir. the estimation of passing travellers, chance visitors, and general outsiders, it was merely an insignificant little township of the ordinary Australian type. Still it possessed one distinctive arid uncommon feature It was the furthest western township in the interior; beyond it^ lay the veritable 'Never Never.' Cobb the ubiquitous ran his coaches so far ; a branch bank represented capital and finance, a post and telegraph office the spread of Governmental energy. When I also have to relate that municipal institutions had already found their way outside, and that Bungallee boasted a Mayor and aldermen, I have said enough to show that it was a town of wealth and importance. It was a hot day even for Bungallee, where people were used to hot weather. The one broad dusty road that formed the main street of the township seemed to threaten blindness to the in cautious travellers who should gaze with unshaded eyes on its glaring white surface. The teams of bullocks drawn up in front of the different public house were tonguing pitifully, and longuig for the timg for unyoking to come. Inside the public-houses their drivers and off aiders were discussing the state of the roads, the want of rain, the number and persistency of the flies, and the merits of their various leaders and polers. Bungallee was doing well -just then ; men from all parts of the district were in, with big cheques to spend — men who had earned their money during long tiresome days and sleepless nights on the road with stock— men who had been two or three years on far outside stations, never seeing a strange face tor the whole of that time— men who had come in halt blind with sandy blight, half dead with colonial fever : all were spending their money and seeing such life as Bungallee had to show them. Bungallee had not much life to show ; it did its best, however ; it eked its supply of liquor out by every available means short of employing kerosene. Its few fair residents smiled their sweetest smiles across the bars ana counters ; its patient police force refrained, except ing under great provocation, from putting anybody on the chain; and its doctor, finding it useless to prohibit his patients the use of alcohol, prescribed it freely, and was popular in consequence. Jack Mait land, returning from his trip westward, rode into Bungallee on this particular day of heat and dust. Mr. Parker seemed to be well known in Bungallee, and the narrative of his late adventures, with the supposed tragical end of his companion, was 600n in everybody's mouth. During the time that they had been travelling together, Mr. Parker had been singularly reticent concerning himself, although very ?talkative on other subjects, and it was from an old friend whom he met in Bungallee that Jack learned anything ? beyond the fact that he was . the same William Parker known to his aunts in Sydney. « I don't know any harm of the fellow particularly,'* said his friend ; ' he was here in charge of some travelling sheep ; they were sold, and I think he stopped about until he spent his cheque. Then he went away with this other man, Brandon, to look for some thing to do.' ' Who was this Brandon ?'' « About as bad a lot as you ever came across. He Bet up here as a chemist. I believe he had walked the hospitals at home and been hunted from there in disgrace. If he died of thirst, it was only what he deserved. I believe he had to leave here in a hurry. He had been manufacturing grog or poison for a pub lican down the river, and the police got wind of it. He was rather a clever fellow in Ins way, and the more dangerous in consequence.'' Maitland reported the supposed death to the police, and Mr. William Parker told his tale, or as much as he could recollect, before the police magistrate. There the matter ended ; in fact, nothing more could be done. Jack was going to depart by the coach in the jroni ing, Tom Douglas remaining behind to await going out with the stock. On this evening he was rather disconcerted by the profuse gratitude expressed by Parker. Do what he would, he could not get rid of Viinij and at last, in despair, retired to his room earlier than he had . intended. But this did not rid him of his grateful friend, who asked him if he would mind his spreading his blankets and camping on the floor, as the town was so full that Jack had the only unoccupied bedroom. Of course his request was complied with, and Maitland soon fell asleep, having first taken the landlord's advice as to the disposal of any articles of value he possessed. 'You can't be too careful,' that worthy had re marked; 'there's a lot of the 'forties' about, and only last week they cleaned out all the pouches and watches from one house in town.' Jack's only valuable was the rough chartshowing the position of the country he and Tom Douglas had dis covered. ThiB was in his saddle-pouch, and in there also was the forgotten parcel of pitouri Douglas had picked up at the deserted camp ; the saddle-pouch J ack there fore put underneath his pillow, and, in spite of the many songs and noisy conversations that mingling in one fell uproar found its way through the thin j wooden partition, was soon deep in a dreamless slumber. Men who have been long living an outside life, who have been accustomed to getting up at all hours of the night and morning, sleep but lightly as a rule. The first idea that forced itself into Jack's brain was that he was still camped out, and that something was rustling the grass near his head. Then he was broad awake and conscious of everything. Something had moved beneath his pillow. Naturally he glanced down at Mr. Parker reposmg on the moonlit floor. From Mr. Parker's nose came a snore that was astounding in self-assertiveness. Jack fairly wondered how such a classically shaped organ could produce such a volume of sound. Evi dently he was fast asleep. There was not much room to gketroT---f-e4 *the little' mndo w Ww right and left. Nothing was visible, nothing was audible. The men who had been seeing life had fallen asleep anywhere they could. The township was silent and still. He felt under his pillow ; his couch and watch were there ; it must hate been fancy. In five minutes he was off again, and did not awake until Tom called him in the morning. Ten days after that he opened his pouch in Rock hampton for the first time, and it was empty, pis suspicion lighted on the man he had picked up on the Herbert, 'but he dismissed it after reflection. The ) actual loss was not much, and the danger was that the thief might know the value of the information contained in the chart, and put in an application before him ; and from the fact that the contents of the pouch only were taken, it looked as though that was the motive. An ordinary pilferer would have taken his watch too. There was only one thing to do, and that was to hasten on to Adelaide as soon as possible. Unfortunately, he had allowed one steamer to depart since his arrival in Rockhampton, aud had now two days to wait for another. He spent a good many anxious hours before he finally deposited his application, and passed much time speculating on the. personality of the thief. Often as his thoughts reverted to Parker, he rejected the idea; surely no man could be guilty of such baseness ; it must have been in the coach they were taken. Three months afterwards Jack received an official document inform ing him that the area of country he had applied for in the Northern Territory had been already applied for and granted to W. J. Browne. William Parker was a young man of considerable ability in his way. He considered that the fewer enemies a man makes in this world the better for him, and in furtherance of this idea he had successfully cultivated a winning and pleasant manner. Nature had endowed him with good looks and a taking voice ; in fact, his voice was one that immediately established itself in your favour : it seemed to carry such a cheery ling with it; and, considering these natural advan tages, it was singular that eight-and-twenty found him in no higher position than the subordinate one he occupied in society. The fact was that, like many better men, Mr. Parker had found himself hampered at the outset from want of capital, and the endeavour to supply this want had resulted in compli-' cations (as he expressed it) — complications that threatened at any time to close around and' . overwhelm the unfortunate young man. In fact it was only the open, honest manner, the ready smile, . and constant good nature that kept Mr. Parker's head above water ; nobody who had it could refuse the obligation of a small loan to such an obliging fellow, and in consequence he was constantly paying oil one set of creditors at the expense of getting fresh ones. This could not last for ever. Mr. Parker felt that a brilliant coup was necessary ; he attempted one, but it was not an entire success ; however, his wonderful luck pulled him through and put another chance in his way. The men in Maitland's camp were as unguarded in their conversation as was Jack himself ; the final success of their trip across the border was soon well known to Mr. Parker, and all he wanted was a copy of Jack's chart ; failing that, it struck him that the chart itself would do. It did do ; if Jack had only known, hiR missing map went down with him in one of the mailbags, addressed to a friend in Adelaide, with full instructions enclosed. Had Maitland gone on by the first steamer he might have still been in time ; as it was he lost the result of a year's good work, and Mr. Parker made one of the successful strokes he had often dreamt of. Maitland wrote to Douglas from Rockhampton, informing him of his loss and telling him to keep a sharp look-out. It is needless to say that the injunc tion was too late. Tom had an idea of his own, how ever. So far as the tracing was concerned, he felt he could do nothing, but there was something to be done in another quarter. As soon as the horses were sufficiently rested, Douglas left Bungallee, and went westward ho ! once more. Chapter IV. WHAT MISS BRANDON THOUGHT OF SOCIETY. AND WHAT MR. PARKER ^THOUGHT OF IT. A lawn tennis party! picturesque costumes, fair weather, and a well- kept garden. The constant chat ter and laughter incidental to such gatherings, and the usual semi-public flirtations, marked 'not dan gerous.' A slight young girl sitting apart by herself and looking on with the least possible curl of contempt on her short upper lip, — a girl who was quite pretty enough to make any one wonder why she should sit alone and apart, unless under the influence of pique. The generality of men, however, were rather fright ened of Miss Brandon, particularly young men. She had such an uncomfortable and unconventional habit of taking everything they said seriously and in dead earnest; she did not understand chaff in the least. This was disconcerting, because most of them had no other kind of conversation on hand. A girl who didn't giggle loudly and continuously, distribute flowers freely and with great archness, call her male friends by their Christian names, and generally cheapen herself to the best of her ability, was not their form. In spite of her good looks and the money that was to be hers when she came of age, Miss Brandon was neglected by most young men ol the day. Perhaps this was exactly what she wanted, and yet she was always anxious to go 'out, and evinced such a strange anxiety for meeting men from the country that it was always said that nobody but a squatter would ever have any chance with her. For all that, after she had once had one short conversation with the said gentle men from the country, her interest seemed to evapo rate at once. She was a queer girl,' was the general verdict. So far, what was known of her was little enough. She was twenty and an orphan. She was living in the family of her guardian, Mr. Maurice Claremont, of the leading firm of solicitors, Claremont, Hargrave, and Hargrave, who had been appointed her guardians by the English trustees on her declining to go to England; and Mrs. Claremont declared her to be the sweetest girl that ever lived, and exactly suited for her Frederick. Beyond the . fact . .that she had ! inherited the fortune in trust for her, from her uncle, who had been dead about a. year and a-half, and that she did not deny that she knew what poverty .was, nobody knew anything more about her. . Some people: remembered seeing an advertisement in the papers for. the next of kin of Roger Brandon ; and ladies with, aristocratic sounding names, that is to say preflnite names, shook their heads and said they would like .to know more about her ; and doubtless they were right : it does not do, for ladies ,who ..commenced .their social career behind the. beertap and in the cow yard to associate with people whose antecedents are not patent and open. ? The blood of the Wittlesea Greens or the Howard 'Walkers revolts at the thought. . Miss Brandon, however, knew nothing of this ; she had an object' in going into society as -much as possible, -she said, and that object was not pleasure, she admitted. As Mrs. Claremont was also fond of going about whenever opportunity offered, her guardian raised no objection, and life for Miss Brandon was principally composed of a good deal of the pride of life. Whatever society may think of Miss Brandon, an acute observer would not have much difficulty in der.W»B Miss Brandon thought of society. An acute observer would say that her opinion was not favourable ; he would say that Miss Brandon looked rather wearied, rather bored, and a trifle sad. She was not a magnificent kind of heiress ; she was simply what one would call a pretty girl, exceedingly well dressed, which is a very different thing from being expensively dressed. Most of the women were expensively dressed. Miss Brandon was about the only one well dressed. Trail ing her heavily trimmed skirts, Mrs. Claremont ap proached and sat down by her. ' There is a gentle man here I think you would like to 6ee, my ? ' she stopped hastily. Miss Brandon had expressly stipulated that she was never to be called ' my dear. ' ' Why, Mrs. Claremont, do you think I should like to see him?' ' Why ! Because he has just come from Queens land, and has been out in the most unimaginable wilds, and made some money, and had a lot of adven tures, and all that sort of thing.' ' What is his name ?' said the girl, so eagerly as to astonish her chaperone. ' Well, it is not a very uncommon name ; it is Parker. I suppose, however, he is a Somerset Parker or something or other.' Miss Brandon's interest relaxed. ' You can intro duce him some time,' Bhe said, however, graciously enough. In due time the opportunity offered, and our old friend, Mr. William Parker, now a butterfly of the earliest spring, had the pleasure of subjecting, his classical features to the scrutiny of the heiress. Disregarding all his efforts to start their acquaintance ship on the commonplace footing of remarks on the weather, lawn tennis, &c.;, the young lady proceeded to cross-question him about his travels in Queensland in a way that was a little unusual on so short an in timacy. ' Did you ever meet any one called Maitland out there ?'' Ihis was the question that at last called all the blood into Mr. Parker's face and at once told his questioner that he had met the person in question. ' I see you do know somebody of that name. What was the Christian name of the man you met ? was it Jack?' This was poured forth so eagerly and rapidly that Mr. Parker had no time to tell a he, even if he had thought it the best policy. ' Yes, it was Jack Maitland,' he replied. ' And where was it ? What was he doing ? Where is he now r' All this was asked in the most excited manner, the young lady seeming almost inclined to drag the answers out of him by force. Mr. Parker hesitated. Evidently this pretty girl was interested in Maitland. Should he confess that ?Mpirtnnd had succoured him, or, bright and happy thought ! should he pose as the rescuer ? Decidedly yes ; only slter the story a little. ' I am glad he is a friend of your6, Miss Brandon, for I was able to be of some slight service to him.' ' You were ? What was it ?' ' 'Well, where we met was in outside country altogether. It was nearly sundown and I heard a shot'— Mr. Parker rose to his subject— ' I dashed nhofld, for I thought I also heard the yells of blacks ; nor was I mistaken, for, bursting through a thin belt of scr ub, I beheld a man, a white man, with his back against a treet defending himself valiantly against fearful odds.'' Mr. Parker paused, and it was lucky they were 'walking sliglitly apart, for Mr. Parker, in the fine frenzy of invention, and the girl in her deep interest in the narrative, were both becom ing quite excited. ' I need scarcely say I hastened to the rescue, and only arrived just in time, for Mait land's ammunition was expended, and he was wounded in several places. My appearance turned the tables; the natives took to flight ; and I am now happy to find that it was a friend of yours I saved from a cruel and violent death.'' 'And what happened afterwards? Was he badly hurt?' she inquired breathlessly. ' No, Miss Brandon, before I left him he was quite recovered.' * ! ' Where iB he now ?' ' I cannot exactly say ; he promised to write to me, and I— I— in fact might hear from him any day.' ^ ' Then you do not know his address at present ? ' ' I do not ; he was on his way further west when I i met him. Possibly he has not yet returned.' i ' If you hear from him, Mr. Parker, I hope you will i let me know, as I have a very important communica- : tion to make him.' ! ' Certainly, Miss Brandon. I am in great hopes of : hearing shortly ; we became great friends after the little adventure I have related.' ' Mihr Brandon, now that her excitement had calmed 1 down, looked more intently at her companion than she [ had vet done ; and with the instinct of a woman decided that there was something wanting in him. 1 What it was she coulu not tell, but she felt convinced - that Mr. Parker was not what he pretended to be. ( Still he was Maitland's friend, had saved him at peril ' of his life ; she determined to overcome her prejudice, and therefore bestowed so much of her conversation ' on Mr. Parker that people actually talked about it ; it was so singular to see Miss Brandon distinguishing ( anybody by special marks of favour. As Mr. Parker sauntered homeward to his lodgings, he thought what a different aspect society presented to the man with money and the man without. The matter of a few thousands made all the difference to him ; nobody knew the exact amount he had netted over the sale of some country ; rumour magnified it ; Mr. Parker dis- , creetly let rumour alone. j As he strolled down the street his thoughts were i pleasant thoughts. Miss Brandon was a pretty girl, had money, was evidently interested in h?m, if only ] at second-hand. Yes ! it would do ; and he knocked i significantly at the door of his lodgings and was ad- j mitted, . Five minutes afterwards another man knocked and inquired for Mr. Parker. 'If you'll ; show me. his room I'll go up, I want to surprise mm,*' fhia man said. Mr. Parker was. standing with his i back to the door when the man who wanted to sur- , prise him entered. He did not turn . round untilj the other closed the door and said quietly, ' Bill,' old ; - man!' Parker turned ; then; he-gave one -gaBp pf horror, stretched .forth his hand- as if to keep the other off, and^ with a ciy that sounded like ' No ! no !' fell do wn in a faint. ' That's nothing, my boy,' remarked ; his friend, who had succeeded so successfully in sur prising him, '' That's nothing to what you've got to go through then, he sat down on Mr« Parker's bed and calmly awaited for his revival* . Presently Mr. Parker's candid blue eyes opened, and he-looked around with much the same wild look that Maitland had seen in them on the bank of the Herbert. Possibly he expected to see once more the 6tunted, shadeless trees, the endless plains, and the merciless sun -of the weBt. As soon as he caught ?sight of his visitor he stared intently at him without ! speaking. .« Well, Mr. William Parker, what have you got to say for yourself ? # . Mr. Parker had nothing to say for himself, and the ! other went on. ' It's lucky for yo u that you've got money, wher ever you've made the rise, for if I'd found you poor and hard up all I could have done would be to have given you up to the police; as it is, Mr. Parker, I shall, I hope, make a good thing out of you.' ' Then you're not dead.'* ' Not murdered, you mean ; no, I am well, and 6ave for this,'* and he pointed to a scar on his temple, ' no worse than when we parted. Aren't you a cowardly miserable hound ? Aren't you the most sneaking cur that ever God put breath into ? You whining beast !' and the speaker, as if at a loss for more epithets, strode over and spurned the other with his foot ; and in his rage spat upon him. 'You Judas, you struck me down when I was drinking, thinking to save your own miserable life by getting my share of the water to take you on to the river. You never thought a man left senseless out there could live to tell of it. You will say that I would have' done the same, and you know you would lie. Outcast and depraved you know me, but, by heaven, when we two stood face to face with death, my comrade should have an equal chance with me.' And again he almost choked with passion and spurned the abject form once more with i his foot. Parker did nothing, said nothing ; he lay there till the other spent his fury walking quickly up and down the room. Presently his visitor stopped, and roughly bade him get up. ' I've said my say, and I'll abuse you no more. Apparently you have : money; you must give it me.' 'All?'' ' All ! yes, all, and go out in the streets ; go and i stand in rags at some street corner, and perhaps I'll ; give you a penny when I pass.' Parker steadied his trembling voice. 'You make a mistake, Brandon ; you can do better than stripping me of what ready money I have ; you are welcome to your share of it ; but I am in a position to do well, ; and you with me. If you hunt me, as you say, into 1 the streets, what will you gain but revenge ?' ' You are such a confirmed liar that I cannot tell what subterfuge this is ; anyhow you have no hold over me, and I have you fast. No one saw you ; strike the blow, but the men who found you know : that you never mentioned my name until it was too late, and how wculd that bear out my story ? Go on, then, what have you to say ?' 'Who did you see, then?' asked Parker. 'Tom 1 Douglas,' said the other shortly ; 'now, go on.' ' Well, I have little to say, only that I have some I money to go on with, have been asked out to some of the best places, and think you had better let me put you in the same way, than ruin me for nothing.' ' What can we do, what scheme have you in pros pect?' ' Nothing in particular, unless it's a rich wife.' 'Who is the object of such a nice young man's affection ?' ' I never met her until to-day ; she is a Miss Bran don. I suppose no relation of yours ?' ' I have some cousins, but no nearer relations.' 'Will you come and stop here, then? Shall I get you a room here r' 'I'll stop long enough to see how the land lies ; meantime give me some money ; I must get clothes, for I am poor in pocket and wardrobe.' -« There's a portmanteau of mine you can have to put irf your room to-night ; take some of my things in it.' ' Generous man,' returned Brsndon, as^ he opened the portmanteau indicated ; ' what is this you have left inside ?' He held up the little skin pouch of pitouri. . ' Nothing ; throw it away,' said Parker, ^hastily and nervously, ' some rubbish I got out west.' The other looked at the contents. 'It's pitouri; I know more of this than you do ; I'll keep it ; I want to try some experiments with it,' and he put it in his pocket. Little more conversation passed between them. Parker left soon after dinner to attend a ball, where, however, he did not shine as was his wont. It is annoying when a man you thought safely knocked on the head turns up again. . ' Tom Douglas had travelled slowly out, following ' as well as he could learn, the track taken by Brandon and Parker. Enquiring at the different stations as he went along he at last reached the one where the occupants remembered two men striking across to the Herbert some months before, they had never returned It was winter time now, and Tom knew he could face the dry country with impunity. He had no distinct idea or plan, he only felt that he was going to find something, and with a good supply ^ of rations he started on his quest. He found something. He found a white man amongst the blacks, just recovering from a fit of madness, brought on by exposure to the sun and a blow on the head. The blacks had found him in a dying state, had tended him and carried him to water. They had fed him for months, whilst he was crazed and delirious, and now that he was well were about to take him into one Of the stations, when Tom accidentally came across them. The stranger, ? who was Brandon, told his^tale. He had one desire in life, to get back to. execute vengeance on the traitorous comrade who had struck him treacherously down, in irder to obtain all the water that stood between them ind death. Tom Douglas was only too glad to help him ; he did not tell Brandon of Parker's theft of the ehart ; he simply told him that he would probably find him in Sydney or Melbourne, lent him money and liorses, and bade him God speed on his ^errand, rhen he wrote to 'Maitland an account of the atiair, and waited. ? ? Chapter Y. MISS BRANDON GETS A COUSIN, AND MR. PARKER A HEADACHE; Miss Brandon was one of those disconcerting girls whom one occasionally meets through life. Young, pretty, and of an age when a girl usually enters into the pleasures of this world with unjaded zest, she went her way amongst her fellows with her nose, metaphorically speaking, always upturned. In reality Khnt feature was nice ana straight, and looking at things from a common sense point of view, there was really no reason why she should even figuratively turn it up at the world. She was rich, her own mistress, and in the enjoyment of good health ; but still it was evi dent that for some reason or other she was supremely discontented. When elderly people who have had their day affect cynicism, and sneer at the pomps and vanities that once delighted them, they generally do it with a pity ing air, more in sorrow than in anger. With young - people affected cynicism takes rather an aggressive rorm, they go out of their way for a tilt at a windmill, and feel aggrieved if they get the worst of it. The young lady in question had rather a bad attack just at« this time, and it was a source of trouble to Mrs. Claremont that a ward, otherwise so unobjectionable, should express herself at times in such a strongly un conventional manner. I am afraid that at this time of her life my heroine's best qualities were, her good looks, an un compromising love of truth and honesty, and a singular dislike to anything like weakness, where principle was concerned. It is needless to say that she was utterly wanting in the social adaptability that renders the possessor liked by everybody and trusted by none. Strange to say, she had as friend — as girl friend about the most gushing young damsel that ever giggled. This was chiefly the fault of Mrs. Clare mont. 'Why did you snub poor Bella Babbington so unmercifully ?' she asked one day. ' Why did she insist upon kissing me, and call me dear Miss Brandon ? ' was the reply, ' she never saw me before, and could not have conceived all that affection for me at first sight.' ' Well, if you would prefer my answering you in your own straightforward manner I should say it was because she was poor, rather silly, and not very good looking, consequently she has a hard struggle to get out anywhere, and was anxious to make a friend of you, foreseeing that you would be very useful to her.' ' Then why do you* blame me for snubbing her, according to your own account she deserved it.' ' Possibly, but a little cordiality on your part would have been a great deal to the poor girl, and a show of distaste on the other hand was a double disappoint ment.' 'Now, supposing I were to tolerate Miss Babbing ton, make her presents, always insist upon her going out with me everywhere, and generally do all I could for her?' ' It would be exactly whpt she wants,' said Mrs. Claremont. ' And in return ? ' ' She would, if successful in making a good mar riage, be your greatest enemy,' Mrs. Claremont replied thoughtfully. Miss Brandon smiled rather triumphantly but spoke not. Strange to say the next time she met Miss Babbington she revived that maiden's drooping spirits with a gracious olive branch, and in due course it came about that Bella Babbington was her special associate ; and Mrs. Claremont wondered exceedingly. To say that Miss Babbington gushed is saying nothing, she overflowed with affection. Everything was ' dear '' with her. She could hardly help bestowing the adjective upon her male friends, and did venture occasionally behind their backs. 'That dear Mr. Parker,' 8he said, one morning, ' to think of sending you these lovely flowers.' And she buried her Jnose in them, and sniffed the sniff of ecstasy. Now this was very Christian- like on the part of MiBS Babbington, considering that she and Mr. Parker had in former years 'indulged in a desperate flirtation. This, of course, was before his western adventure. ' You are quite welcome to them, if you like them,' was the careless reply. 'O, but I could not deprive my dearest Lucy of them : just one little bud Til take ; there,' and the fond damsel broke off a modest floweret arid fnatownfl it in her dress. ' Do you know,' she went on, ' I thinV Mr, Parker means to propose to you, darling. Hm n't he got a love of a nose ? ' To this rather irrelevant question Mina Brandon did not reply, to the first part she answered that ' Mr. ? Parker might spare himself the trouble.' ' But don't you think you could give him a H+*l-- r' hoperlove? ' continued the lively Bella ; ' don't you think you'll like him by-aud-bye ? ' ' Don't be a fool,' was the uncourteous retort ; ' if L I liked the man well enough to marry him, J should £ ? so at once ; as it is, I don't, although he bag ren- i j*?; dered me agreat service.' =t 'Rendered you a great service, sweetest, you ^ . astonish me. What was it?' '/:? ' Mind your own business,' replied the heiress, r j who seemed to make these rude speeches with a set purpose. ' Mind your own business, and don't talk about Mr. Parker any more.' \- 'But, darling,' returned the other, 'I wanted to tell you ; he has a friend on a visit with him whose name is the same as your's ; I saw him the other day, ? and he is so like you ; do you think lie is any \- relation : ' '1 never had a brother; but I believe I have cousins in scleral parts of the world ? ' 'Perhaps he's one — O wouldn't that be delightful!'' 'Why? I cannot see where the delight comes in.' ' Oh, it 'must be jolly to have a cousin to take you ^bout, and be attentive ; much better than having a brother. But »ve shall see this friend of Mr. Parker's this afternoon ; he'll be at the Pointers for tennis.' Miss Brandon answered not, the subject had no 'interest for her; she looked out of her window and dreamt a day-dream. She thought she was sitting in a room, that she felt was poor and mean and shabby, she could not see that it was, for in her eyes there was a burning, aching pain, and round them was a thick bandage, but she knew with the keen touch of the blind what the room was like. She thought Bhe sat there lonely and in great pain, waiting for a step, waiting for a voice. A step and voice that made the room seem light and cheerful, flint deadened the pain ? in her bandaged eyes, and took her thoughts away 1 from her dead mother's grave. She thought how she had never seen the owner of that voice, how only she i knew that lie was strong and gentle as a man should be, and that his name was Maitland. Unconsciously she uttered the name aloud. 'Maitland!'' echoed her voluble companion, 'did you know him ? IIow strange — ' ' What is strange ? ' said Miss Brandon, severely. ' That you should have known him. Jack Mait land, was that the one ? I knew him, but he -acted very badly, he was so wild, he ran through every thing, let everybody in, and then went up the country as a bullock-driver.' Miss Babbington had hardly finished her little specch, when she was astonished to see her dearest Lucy rise and gaze at ! her like an avenging Fate. ' Miss Babbington ! if ever you lot your tongue run on about my friends — you understand you may talk as much as you like of my acquaintances ; but if you chatter about my friends, I shall' — ► Miss Brandon paused — ' I shall certainly — box your ears.' 'My darling Lucy,' was all the delin quent could gasp out. Miss Brandon was excited, she took no notice of her companion's appeal, but swept out of the room. It was astonish ing how a slight young girl could con dense so much dignity into such a small figure, compatible with threatening to T-ox a person's ears. Miss Babbington gazed after her with a surprised look in her face ; a look that soon changed into one of sjfite and : malice. 'You beast!' she ejaculated ^ in the most unladylike manner, I am sorry to say. 'You beast! do you think I am going to stand your impertinence much longer ? Jack Maitland, indeed ! !? 1 That rowdy ! If _you knew as much of him as I do you would not be proud of him as a friend. I'll pay you out when ? my turn comes.' Now this was illogical on Miss Babbington's part, as she had . already admitted having, known him j , formerly. Half an hour afterwards Bella was assuring her dearest Lucy that she r had mistaken her meaning quite : and ?; she kissed her and accepted a locket and a few other trifles and departed. That afternoon Miss Brandon had the pleasure of meeting her namesake, and j Miss Babbington had also the pleasure J of retailing to Mr. Parker the late con ? versation between herself and the heiress. ' Maitland ! ' said Mr. Parker, ' yes, ' I know him, but he's not likely to trouble us for some time, Bella, he's ? gone away out west again.' j 'I hate' him worse than I do her, and 1 if it's onlv to snite him I'll help vou.' ' Why, what did he do to you ? ' said Mr. Parker, in the half contemptuous tone, the weakest men assume towards their weaker tools. ' Nothing ! ' ' O ! you set your cap at him, my poor Bella, and lie did not respond ; never mind, you know the proverb — Good, a flsh ? ' That will do,' said Miss Babbington, ' do you want me to make a scene here ?' ' On no account,' returned her companion hastily, and peace was restored. In another part of the garden|another conversation had taken place that somewhat concerned Mr. Parker. ' Now that you recognise me as the Richard Bran don you remember as a child, I suppose I may claim cousinship henceforth.' 'Yes,' said Miss Brandon, 'you may. I am glad to meet a relation again, and hope we sliall be able to mutually help each other.' ' If all accounts are true, Miss Brandon, or Lucy, for I suppose I may call you that, you need little ' assistance. . The heiressVof my uncle Roger should want no help.' ' No, not the help you mean ; but I- want a man's help often. Don't you understand, I am a girl, alone, I long to do hundreds of things : but I am a girl and cannot.' Mr. Brandon stopped and held out his hand; ' Rely on your new found cousin,' he said, ' I un ? derstand you.' Lucy looked in his face and trusted him. It was a clever face, not handsome, not even good looking, but interesting. Clear of all the marks that vice had set on it, shone out the ''degage devil-may-care sort of air' that was born of reckless physical -courage. The girl recognised the one good quality her cousin possessed with unerring instinct, and trusted him. ' Richard/' she said, after a pause, ' who is this Mr. Parker?' ' Why, cousin mine ? are you interested in him r ' ' Not in the least, but he told me a tale once that I have mistrusted ever Bince. About rescuing a man from death at the peril of his own life. Do you believe ' Not & word of it,' said her cousin, laughing loudly. ' Poor Parker would be far more likely to Jrun away. But there's no harm in him,' »nH Mr. Richard Brandon fingered the scar on his forehead, siid smiled grimly. Lucy drew a breath of rdief. ' I felt it was a lie.*' ehe said, more to herself than her companion. ' I . knew that he could never have been indebted to such a. man then she turned to her cousin and chatted apon everyday topics. BtroicdTmme^getl^; «?w°v' to1hi9*iend. ^ ^ spf unnn ii.;B .cr». that your heart is notgreatlv »Tw ^ nmt°niai P^ject of yours.'' anxioi^lv- ««70U. pe not?' °*ked Mr- Parker as I^ani - ' ^°U UOt ncarbr 518 much interested scheme ' ^ ant* * not' approve of the friend?U not aPProve of the scheme ? ' repeated his go ofvdSiTtV^ Teason €nong^ 'why you should not st^dUv in s*ow]T' fnd looked his companion steaouy m the eyes as he did so. ' WhrrTteL«e!.?ed w BurPrised than crestfallen. « fl,! )vro'Sl*t this -hanRr r ' l,o nskc-l at last, mucin nf wi* OU ^lat Miss Brandon is really a femiilp vnlif1'0' --a ^ *s probably the nearest S^r±tl0n 1 po,ssess- 1 do not intend to see hcr havp not fhJ ^ i a 'e^ow You. Besides you « t* ghost of a chance as it is.' « 5° yflme,T ,try for her yourself r' V a ^ Probably stand no better chance than me- I am trying to think °tan?toe'hS.' »'BS Bnmdon aad I lnrSnJ^E 'Jf11 *alked on silence to their lodgings, then Brandon remarked, 'I have something to show you, come to my room.' Theywent up to it together. Brandon unlocked his portmanteau and took out a small phial. 'It was ull of a green fluid with a thick troth or scum on the top. You see this,' lie said ; ' well ! it is the result ot your parcel of pitouri. During the residence amongst the blacks that I have to thank you for, I saw a good deal of the elfects of this plant, 'and have carried out a little experiment I have long had in \iew; this I r. ay is the result. I want you as a sub ject to-night.' Mr. Parker smiled feebly. « Not a bad joke, but I am afraid you must get somebody else.' ' Not a bit of it, you will suit me better than any body. All I want you to do, is to take a certain quantity, a very small quantity, only a few drops of this essence, and tell me the symptoms.' ' But, man, it may be a deadly poison.' ' It is a poison, and a deadly one, but not in the quantity I shall administer to you. It will send you to sleep for a few hours, nothing more.' ' Come now, Brandon, you are joking. You don't expect me to submit to be practised on.' ?* Submit or not, I expect you to take a dose of this. Before witnesses if you like. So that there shall be no escape for me if you die. Now come to dinner.' Mr. Parker had no appetite for his dinner, he mistrusted the experiment about to be made on him, but scarcely saw any escape. He did not imagine that Brandon would intentionally poison him, detec tion would be too certain ; but as this was confes sedly an experiment, he might be the victim of a mistake. He endeavoured to dissuade Brandon from his purpose, but to no avail, Parker must submit to the experiment or take the consequences of a rupture between them- After consideration Mr. Parker con sented to the experiment as the lesser evil. ' I tell you, all that will happen to you will be a sleep of a' few hours, so if you like to make yourself comfortable on your bed you can.' Mr. Parker, looking very white, took off his coat and boots, and lay down oil his bed. Brandon took the little phial and poured five drops upon a spoonful of moist sugar, 'Now observe, he said, 'do not swallow this at once, but keep it in your mouth and swallow it by degrees, the longer you take oyer it the better.' No unwilling schoolboy ever made such an awful face as did Mr. Parker when he took the spoon, and, with a look of intense woe, put the contents in his mouth. Brandon watched him closely ; at length he handed him a glass of water, and told him to drink it. Parker drank it. Brandon took out his watch, 'You will remember that it was 9 o'clock,' he said. Parker gazed at j him vacantly, his eyes had lost all expression, they were open truly, but that was all: the _ sense of perception had departed. Brandon put him gently ! back on the bed, and arranged him comfortably, the other submitting like a lay figure. Presently the patient began to talk, but what he said was not in telligible. He stammered, and his speech was thick. Brandon, after watching him curiously for a while, took up a book and sat down by the bed. ' The third or fourth hour will be the critical one,' he muttered. The house was still and silent, and the noise of traffic in the street ceased altogether about midnight. Through the long hours the man on the bed rambled on talking in an unknown tongue; the man in the chair read and smoked patiently. Shortly after 12 he closed his book and came and stood by the bedside watching intently. Presently Parker started up and exclaimed in his natural voice, ' You will remember that it was 9 o'clock ! ' This he kept repeating^ at intervals, but save for the absurdity of the unmeaning repetition, he appeared to be quite awake and in lus right mind. Brandon told him to get up, and he did so ; ' to go and sit down at the table and write, j Parker obeyed him at once ; he seemed to be incapable of refusing to obey. Brandon dictated a letter which the patient wrote out legibly in his usual handwriting, and signed. Brandon then poured out another dose of the pitouri solution, and told hi™ to drink it. The patient drank it unhesitatingly this time, and the effect upon him was sudden and startling. His eyes shone like the eyes of a man possessed, snarling with j rage he attacked Brandon, and nearly mastered him, j and it was only by the greatest exertion of strength j that the latter at last threw Parker on the bed ' and held him there. Parker ceased struggling and j remained quiet when he found it was ineffectual, but he Btill grinned savagely at Brandon, who was afraid to rolease his hold. At last, thinking that the fit had passed, he lc-ft the bed and went to the washing stand, and soaked a sponge in the jug. A noise behind him made him turn. He was just in time, the drugged man had slipped quietly off the bed, and was about to renew the attack. Instinctively Brandon thrust the wet sponge in his face, and with a gasping cry poor Parker fell to the ground in a fit. Brandon tore the patient's shirt open at the neck, and applied the wet sponge vigorously to his head and chest, presently his efforts were rewarded, the struggling ceased, and the breathing became regular. Brandon drew a sigh of relief. ' By jove ! ' he said, ' I nearly made a mess of it, what a fool I was to give him that second dose,' he wiped his heated face, the struggle and the fight had brought the perspiration out in big drops on his. fore- head. He got up and helped himself to some spirits, then undressed Parker, who was noy in a stupor, lifted him on to the bed, and after watching him for a time retired to his own room, taking with him the letter he had dictated. The sun was well up the next morning, men who had daily work to attend to were hurrying in to it, Breakfast things were being cleared away, school girls were awakening the echoes of suburban streets with their morning practice on ill-used instruments of torture called pianos ; but Mr. Parker slept on. Brandon, who had visited him soon after daylight, was watching him with an anxious face, doubtfal as to what to do. All attempts to rouse the sleeper by shaking or calling him had been ineffectual. ' He[s got a very poor pulse,' muttered the experi mentalist. ' He might go right off the hooks without awakening again ; I must try something.' He looked around the room and racked his brain, seeking to remember something of the symptoms of pitouri poisoning he had seen amongst the blacks. He knew he had make a mistake in the quantity and hid not allowed for the difference between the nervous organisation of a civilised man and a savage. At last he left the room, and presently returned with a bottle of cayenne pepper. He put a little on a piece of paper and held it under Parker's nose, stopping his mouth at the same time with a thick towel. The result was, as he expected, a violent fit of sneezing. This process he repeated several times, until at last, to his great relief, the patient opened his eyes, and showed signs of awaking. Still it was nearly half an hour before Parker had his senses fully restored to him, and he then complained of a headache, and asked if he had been drunk the night before. ' Don't you remember that you took some stuff I had prepared ? '' said his friend. ' Try and tell me what you remember about it.' Mr. Parker said he could remember nothing, every thing was a complete blank. He felt nervous and shaken, but nothing more. ' Think again, do you recollect getting up in the night and writing a letter ? ' Parker shook his head. ' I remember coming up from dinner and nothing more.' Brandon's face wore a look of triumph. ' Do you see this,' and he held the letter out to Parker who took it and glanced over it. ' Good heavens, man ! did I write that ? »' ' As surely as I stand here you wrote that about one o'clock this morning.' Parker looked at it narrowly. ' It's my writing, but I do not recall anything about it.' 'There ! tear it up ; I 6ee you are longing to do it. Now how much money have we ? '* ' Plenty for a year ; no matter how fast we live.' ' Then, my boy,' said the other, slapping him on the shoulder: 'You did a good night's work last night. I've got an idea.' ' Not poisoning any one, I hope? ' ' No ! nor knocking them on the head when they're not looking.' And Mr. Brandon departed whistling cheerily, and his friend got up and had a much-needed pick-me-up. ? Chaptee VI. EVERYBODY PROGRESSES A LITTLE. Jack Maitland has, I am afraid, been badly used of late ; in addition to losing his run he has been neglected for luckier men, and been allowed to drop out of sight . without notice. Poor Jack, to find that all his work was thrown away was bad enough, but to be blamed by the men who were prepared to back him, was worse. JacK had told his story to his momed friends, and they had given him a good deal of wise and sensible advice on the desirability of always keeping a still tongue in one's head, but as this in no way tended to restorethe countrv, Jack had nothing to do but make afresh start at something else. Luckily for him at this i uncture an unsettled claim that he still had against the property he had disposed of to his brothers was settled ; and as station property had risen considerably in value since we first made our hero's acquaintance, it amounted to a much larger sum than Jack had ever dreamt possible. This put a little ready money into his pocket, and enabled him to devote some tune to finding out who was the thief who robbed him of his map. His first attempts were quite unsuccessful, he easily found out the man who ostensibly took the country up and had since sold it; but from this person he could obtain no information as to the source of his information. Jack was a bad diplomatist, and lost his temper at the start, con sequently he also lost his chance of getting at the real man, and finally left Adelaide as ignorant as ever. ? , Fortunately for Parker, whom Jack strongly stis pected, Maitland decided on going back to Bungallee to ferret out the matter, intending if possible to pick up the trail from the start. As he only stayed one day and night in Sydney he heard nothing of his friend's rise in the world, which might possibly have confirmed his suspicions. B ut he went on his way to the west, and Parker fondly prayed that he might never return. The condition of this young man was not one of unalloyed satisfaction to himself, whatever it was to Brandon. No man likes to feel himself in the condi tion of a puppet, presided over too by a master own ing a well deserved grudge. So when Brandon jerked the strings too sharply, Parker could not help making an occasional grimace. He was quite out of the good books of the heiress, who felt no further interest in him after the discovery of his little fiction, and added to that, had the mortification of seeing Brandon daily ingratiating himself with that young lady. Mrs. Clare mont, who was essentially good tempered, could net help liking the plausible scamp, although she felt that he was not at all a desirable match for her husband's ward. Brandon therefore had a good chance to try and mend„hi8 broken fortunes by marrying his cousin, but he was quite experienced enough to see that of that there was no hope ; Lucy liked him in a frank and open way that would never, he felt, rrrnw int.n n wnrmflr fpplincr. He himBelf conceited a great liking for the somewhat eccentric girl, the Bohemi anism of whose nature appealed strongly to his own kindred feeling of that kind. The time was approaching when Miss Brandon would be her own guardian, and as she had announced her intention of indulging in a little travel, Mrs. Clare mont was looking out a suitable com panion of mature age to accompany her. ' She is so singular,' she complained to her friends, 'that really it is a most difficult thing to make a selection.' And . Miss Brandon certainly proved herself a most exacting young person to please, all the elderly ladies of good family and first-class recommendations who applied for the desirable post would conceive a violent affection for her at first sight, and, to crown that enormity, would call her 'my dear.' Once that objectionable phrase passed their lips, their doom was Bealed ; Miss Brandon would no more of them. Mrs. Claremont sighed, and enquired, and advertised, when ^accident threw in her way a lady who seemed more likely to afford satisfaction to the voung damsel than any of the others. This lady was a widow, childless, and in delicate health, who had been recommended travel by the doctors, but owing to insufficient means had not been able to follow the advice. Miss Brandon took a fancy to her, for the sake of her pati nt gentle face, and, as the liking semed to be mutual, it was looked upon as a settled thing that Mrs. White should assume the task of being companion to the heiress after the momentous birthday had passed. Shortly before that event mmc off a discussion of ways and means took place between the two men who had to a cer tain extent constituted themselves pros pective proprietors of Miss Brandon's money. Capital has an awkward wav parSSffiy'''^^ '??? ''come; is only a limited amount of capital, ancr^nis to supply the wants of two people not by any means given to economy. Poor Parker's bank account diminished with a rapidity truly alarming; all attempts to supplement it by billiards or betting resulted in failure, luok was against them, and an empty purse stared them in the face. Mr. Parker could scarcely believe that his wealth had been so shortlived, but the inexorable fact was there in black and white,, and there was no escape from it. ' Don't you think it is about time you worked out this idea of yours ? ' remarked Mr. Parker, sneeringly one evening. ' Yes ! ' Baid Brandon, ignoring the sneer, ' It ia getting time, but as the idea is only good after a certain period, I am obliged to wait, unfortunately.' ' What is your idea ? ' ' I'll tell you part of it. Do you think you would have written that letter I dictated to you if you could have helped it?' Parker shook his head. ' Is there anything you would have been less likely to put on paper? ' Again Mr. Parker shook his head. ' Now,' continued his companion, ' do you not see that if this drug had such a strong effect on you, it would have the same on other people. Could you tell your signature from your usual one ? ' ' Not in the least degree.' ' Drug a man with my solution, would he not when in that state sign a cheque or document, of any Bort that you wanted him to ? ' ' To judge by what I did : yes.' ' Well, do you see my idea ? ' ' To get hold of a inonied man and moke him, when insensible, sign a cheque for a large amount.' 'Not quite, that would be a clumsy way of doing it ; you have the idea in crude, my dear boy, but it requires a master to develope it. Supposing now you substituted a woman for a man, and for a cheque, Bay a deed of gift or will ? '' Parker stared at his friend. ' Do you mean your cousin ? ' 1 do mean my cousin, I do not believe in money going out of the family,' ' It would not go out of the family if she married you,' ' My dear fellow, the girl would never marry me, nor anybody else that I know of down here. You do not understand her at all. Women like Bella Bab* bington are in your line. Now I am as good friends with my cousin as any man can hope to be save one ; Fou have bad dreams , mate /—Chapter III. and I know it is her intention as soon as she attains her majority, to make & will. This will, will be in accordance 'with a romantic infatuation that has possession of her in favour of a man who would wring your neck if he knew what I know.' Mr. Parker turned a shade paler. 'You mean Maitland, I suppose ? ' ' I do. If he knew you were the man who did him out of his country after he had saved your life, I am afraid he'd horsewhip you, my friend.' 'I am not afraid of him,' retorted Parker; but his troubled appearance belied his speech. ' Don't waste words ; I know the exact value of your courage in the market. But as no man hates anybody like he does the man who has benefited him, and whom he has injured in return, -I pre sume you like Mr. Maitland exceedingly well. j ' I can't Bay I dislike him very much, but ? ' 'You don't want to see him get the money in preference to us, do you ? ' 'Miss Brandon is a young and healthy girl who will probably outlive both of us.' ' Really, I am sharpening you up. I never supposed you would have thought of that. Miss Brandon may live to the age of Moses, and she may die soon after signing her will. In the event of the latter happening I think it would be as well if my name was in the body of it instead of Maitland's. 'What more natural than she should leave all she has to her only relation.' ' In the meantime how are we to live ?' ' There is an old debt of my father's, that I have long been trying to pay off — to clear the old man's memory,' and Bran don drew out his handkerchief and sobbed affcctedly. ' Well ? ' said Parker puzzled at this acting. ' Why, my dear little cousin has pro mised me the amount, when she gets her money, for the honour of our common ? name. And this debt of my departed parents is due to me. He cut me off with the proverbial shilling.' 'You arc a cold-blooded devil.' ' I never -tried to kill my mate for a drink of water.' ? ' But you would a girl, and jour own cousin, for money.' ' Who spoke of killing her, you fool? 1 merely said i was going to maitc ner sign a wm in my favour in the event of anything happening to her.'1 ' Which is more than probable, if she does sign the will.' ' Nonsense, I tell you. Now you must get your old flame Bella to give us her assistance, or the task will be more difficult. For the rest, circumstances must, decide. Now, I should like to try another experiment with that pitouri ? ' 'Not on any account,' said Mr. Parker, hastily leaving the room. Quite innocent of these designs on her, Miss Bran don looked forward to her coming majority with feel ings of great pleasure. She had come to the quite erroneous conclusion that society, or what was called such in Sydney, was entirely composed of mean-spirited selfish specimens of humanity. Because BellaBabbing ton Beemedtoher, in her inexperience, a typeofthegirls she met, she made her the subj ect of an experiment that entirely confirmed her in her opinion of the world's ingratitude and servility. The woman who was about to become her companion was, however, well fitted foi the task of teaching the girl to look at things from a ofntter noint of view, and show her that pity was always pt. Meanwhile Bella, seeing with sufficient clefflKU»s v„r ^avs of close friendship were drawing to an end, was mailing ]la; while the Bun of favour shone. She was not so silly as to be blind to the purpose for which Lucy had cultivated her, nor was she unaware of the meaning of the rude speeches that Miss Brandon favoured her wiA- She knew her friend wished to prove that she, jilla, was ungrateful, and willing to submit to insult-, ing language without resenting it. It is scarcely to be wondered at, then, that she hated her well and thoroughly. The necessary legal documents had been forwardedfrom England, Mr. Claremonthadreceivedin structions howtodisposeof theproperty,whichinstruc tions he was gratified to find accorded with the advice he had tendered, and he also received directions to draw up a will which con siderably surprised him. The principal legatee in this will being, as Brandon stated, one John Maitland, whose descrip tion aud personality Mr. Claremont was commissioned to describe in true lepal phraseology. ' My dear young lady, I have known the Maitland family for years, do you mean the younger brother of the present owners of Durban and Dangremore ?' Mr. Claremont gave a vague sort of description that might have applied to hundreds of men ; he then informed his ward and client what he knew of Jack's history, which, judged from the law yer's standpoint, was not a very satis factory record. A tale of improvidence and folly ; but, he concluded, ' I always held that there was plenty of good stuff in him. Is he the man you want ? ' Miss Brandon took the question quite seriously as it was meant, and answered without a blush that she believed that it was the same person, but she quite agreed that it was necessary to use precautions; Then after a little hesitation she told the lawyer a story of her past life. Her guardian listened attentively, but made no comment; he- was her lawyer now receiving directions. When she concluded he merely nodded and said, ' I think I shall have no diffi culty in finding the right man, after what you have told me. I will write to the eldest brother to find out his present whereabouts.' ' And if he does not know ? ' ' I will keep a standing advertisement in the difEerent colonial papers ?' ' But you willfcot put your name to it, I have mentioned Mr. Maitland's name to one or two people in the hope of hearing of him, and they might remember and couple the two together.' ' Certainly. Any other firm will do ? it as well, they have only to pass him on to us when he does turn up.'' (- Of course, Mr. Claremont, all I have told you is a secret.' f'My dear Miss Brandon, are we not the keepers ot secrets by profession. You have put your affairs into my hands, and I am henceforth your father-confessor. I regret one thing, that you have determined to leave ug after your birthday ; but it is a selfish regret. I think you will benefit by seeing more of the world.' Miss Brandon after her interview felt that ! she had acted ?wisely, concerning her purpose in confiding in the lawyer ; whether her pur pose was wise or not she did not trouble herself to think ; any how the will was postponed until the identity of Jack Maitland could be established. Bella Babbington and Mr. Parker had been flirtees in days gone by. Bella was younger then, fresher and with a little pretension to prettiness. William was a thorough detrimental, and they had measured swords and parted. When Parker turned up again with the reputation of a monied man in a small way hanging to him, Bella thought she might as well revive the old impressions; and he, in order to push his acquaintance with the heiress, nibbled freely at the bait she flung to him, without, of course, the slightest intention of swallowing it. Now, it was to his interest to keep the tender flower of passion alive, in order to use her to further the designs of his companion. The idea of bolting had several times come into his head of late, for he had got an idea that Brandon really meant to murder his cousin after having got her in some under hand way to sign a will in his favour, and he was thoroughly frightened. Meantime Miss Babbington kept him posted up in every movement of her own dear Lucy, to whom she now clung with the fondness begotten of an approaching separation. In due time Miss Lucy Brandon's birthday was celebrated, and she became her own mistress. Mr. Richard Brandon kindly accepted from her as a loan a cheque to redeem the good name of his father ; Bella parted from her dearest Lucy in tears and sorrow, and many promising young men regretted that Miss Brandon was so eccentric and hard to get on with, or they might have stood a chance. * Chapter VII. MR. BRANDON DECIDES TO ACT. Out west once more, Jack found that he was as much at fault as ever regarding the theft of his plans. He had no distinct idea of what he should do, could he find the thief, beyond the general one that he would make it very hot. for him, as he expressed it. His first care was to hunt up Tom Douglas. .This took time and entailed a long journey. Tom when found told him of the finding of Brandon and of his departure for the south on an errand of vengeance ' You need not look for the thief, Mr. Maitland. As sure as I live, that fellow Parker took them. What other man, barring myself, knew anything about them or where they were. And you scarcely suspect me ?' ' Hardly, Tom. By J ore, if I was sure I'd hunt him up wherever he is, and take it out of him somehow.'* *' I am certain he is the man. Find him out and i tax him with it, and see if he can deny it.' ' Since you tell me about his trying to kill his for the sake of the water, I can think anything of him. Before I hardly believed that a man we had saved mid helped could do such a thing.' ' He's the man, and you'll find that out,'* persisted Tom. For some time Jack could not bring himself to credit the fact sufficiently to retrace his steps. Nor in fact did he know where £o look for Mr. Parker. He had neglected all his Sydney friends, and was without any correspondents in that quarter, or he might have heard from some of them of Mr. Parker's appearance there. As it was, he was at fault, and contented himself with taking the first work that offered, until one day his 1 attention was drawn to an advertisement in one of the papers that reached the station hp was on. It ran : — 'John Maitland, formerly of Durban, N. 8. Watoe, — If In Sydney please call on Jenkins and Smith, solicitors, 1047, Pitt stroet. If in the country please write and send address. Anybody giving information about present whereabouts of tbe said John Maitland will be rewarded.' At first Jack thought that something in connection with his lost plans had turned up, but he dismissed the idea at once. The advertisement must have been inserted by his brother, although he knew that J enkins and Smith were not his brother's solicitors. However, he wrote down and gave his address at the nearest post town. In time he received an answer signed J . J. Claremont, asking him if possible to come to Sydney and have a personal interview, the writer saying that the business was too private to trust to letter. A cheque was enchsed for expenses. In a state of uncertainty Jack took his way south once more, promising to let Tom know at once if he came across Mr. W. Parker. It was dark night when the steamer passed between the Heads and came half-speed up the harbour. Jack gazed at the lights of the town so familiar to him, and felt the old leaven stir within liim once more ae ho thought of many a wild night he had passed in it.' He had made up his mind to choose an hotel that he had never frequented in the former days, and he drove to one of the largest and quietest. He was paying the cabman when two men came from the hotel and passed him talking. In an instant J ack recognised the voice ; the soft, silky tone was un mistakable. William Parker was within a few feet of him. He kept quiet until they had gone a short distance away, then entered the hotel. ' What name, sir ?' said the waiter who took his portmanteau to his room. Jack reflected that if Parker were guilty and saw his name he would clear out. Nobody knew that he was in Sydney ; nobody need know. 'Douglas,'' he said; 'but bring me the visitors' book.' The man brought it. Jack ran his eye down the names ; no Parker was visible, but Brandon was. ' Who were those two gentlemen who went out just as I came in ?' he asked. ?« Did you notice them ?'' ' Can't say, sir. I saw Mr. Brandon and another gentleman, friend of his, go out just as your cab drove up; mean him, sir?'' 'Ah, very likely/' Jack entered his name as T. Douglas, and reflected with satisfaction that as he had changed steamers at Brisbane his name would probably not appear in the passenger list in the morning. 'Does that gentleman come here often -the one who went out with Brandon ?' ' Yes sir. Mr. Parker, great friend of Mr. Brandon's ; often here.' 'Hum!'' thought Jack, 'if this is the Brandon Douglas found, I should think they were great friends.' The nights were still cool, and Maitland felt that a OilJLUU UilUUgU bUC DUCCU3 nUUlU UV UCliVCI than anything to enable him to think out his best plan of operations. People were passing in and out of the lighted cafes and' hotels as he lounged by; amongst them many a face he knew, but he felt no desire to make himself known. The bead had died out in his glass, and he was astonished to find how little he cared for the things that had pleased him of old. The glory of nature, in her sternest and grandest mood, had caught his fancy, and the spirit of the wild desert, wherein dwells a charm stronger than the sparkle of the wine cup or the smile of woman, was still upon him. He rambled on until late, feeling as he never had done before. The exhilara tion of wine in the olden time had not been like it. Before long he remembered this feeling, and wondered if it had been 'the lighting before death.' As he returned home the streets were thinning; the night-birds and hawks of the city were commencing to prowl, and the last home-departing theatre-goers hastening along the pavement. He reached the door of his hotel a little before midnight, and lingered for a few moments on the verandah to finish his cigar. Another man apparently was doing the same, but during the few minutes that elapsed be fore 12 struck neither spoke. Just be fore 12 o'clock a carriage drove up, and the other occupant of the verandah threw away his cigar, and stepping forward handed out two ladies. . As they passed in Jack noticed that one was middle-aged and the other young, and that by their dresses they had apparently been out to a dinner party. With her head muffled in a cloud the younger of the two passed close to him, but no secret instinct told Lucy Brandon that she was within a few feet of the man she so much wanted to meet. Secret instincts don't exist in the real world. In the morning Jack looked for Mr. Brandon, but failed to notice him ; he was anxious to see the man whom Parker had calmly knocked on the head. He was disappointed, however; no one like the man who passed him the former night in the street, and whom he afterwards recognised handing the ladies out of the carriage was visible. Jack visited the smoking-room and the billiard-room without success ; then, like the devil when out walking, ' he thought him what next to do.' To find out someone who knew Mr. Parker was obviously the best way to get at the secret of that gentleman's prosperous appearance atpresent. At this moment he saw the waiter to whom he had spoken the former night. He called him to him. ' Have you known Mr. Parker long ?' he asked. ? ' Well, yes, sir, a good time like, on and off.' ' Comes here often, I suppose ?' * ' Yes, sir ; he and Mr. Brandon are generally together. You a friend of his ?'' Jack took out a sovereign and handed it to the fellow. 'No, I am no friend of his ; but I want to know something about him. You can keep that if you'll answer my questions.' ' Certainly, sir ; Mr. Parker's that mean that he's been here for more nor a- year and I've never seen a shilling of his.'* ' Perhaps he's not well off r' ' Well, sir, I heard two gentlemen talking about him only last week, and one of 'em said as he'd a lucky rise selling some country he found some where.' ' When did he sell it f ' Can't say, sir ; he's always been pretty flush since I've known him, only, as I've said, that mean that he'd come to a place all the year round and never remember there was a waiter there or ask if he had a mouth on him.' ' Where does he stay in town ?' ' Dun no. sir ; Mr. Brandon, he's bin stavin? hpw of late ; he is a gentleman.' ' Oh ! Now don't say anything about my asking you these questions, but just come and tell me quietly when Mr. Parker comes here, and there's another pound for you.' The man gushed over with thanks, and vowed on the faith of a waiter to do whatever Jack wanted. The travels of Miss Brandon and her new companion had not extended further than the neighbouring island of Tasmania. There they had passed the summer ; and Lucy, finding that the change was greatly benefiting her companion, stayed longer than she had at first intended. A letter from her lawyer, telling her that the ad vertisement had been answered, caused her to return to Sydney ; and she wrote to her cousin, desiring him to secure rooms at a hotel for Mrs. White and herself. This Mr. Brandon did with pleasure, and also, but this he did not mention, took a room there himself. Circumstances seemed to be playing into his hand. It was about noon when he strolled into the smoking-room at the hotel, and 6at down in a mood of lazy contentment to think oyer his plans for the future. A tall, sunburnt stranger, sitting opposite to him, seemed to be re garding him curiously over the top of the paper he was pretending to read. This annoyed Brandon. He had a great objection, like most men of shady ante cedents, to be the object of curiosity on the part of strangers. He frowned, he glared at the other, he was just going to ask what the personification of evil he meant by staring at him so, when the stranger got up, came over to him, and, sitting down on a neighbouring chair, re marked, 'Are you the man Tom Douglas found with the blacks, between the Burke and the Herbert r' 'And if lam,*' retorted Brandon, 'ia it any business .of yours?' ' 'i es ; I picked up the man who was your mate on that eventful trip.'' ' Then your name is ? ? '* ' Maitland. Yes.' ' And you are going to take it out of that cur, I suppose, for robbing you.' 'Well, I had some intention of that sort, as soon as I had satisfactorily ascertained that he was the man who robbed me.*' Brandon laughed lightly. 'No need to go The first idea that forced itself into Jade's brain was that he was still camped out , and that something was rustling thi grass near his head. . . . Something had moved beneath his Chapter III. ' What are you putting in my tea?' said Lucy.— Chapter VIII. further then. I can assure you that he is th man.' ; ' I understood that you and he were friends r ' sail Jack. . 'Friends!' echoed 'the other. 'You know wha it isto sufferfrom thirst — to feel that all t.hp good L life just lies in one drink of cool, sweet waiter. Fancy after denying yourself the gratification — after savinj and hoarding and toiling for yourself and a coward wh- would have laid down and died in the first ten miles only that I denied myself to keep him up with m; share of the water -after this, to be treacherously struck down as the first drop wetted your lips foi long hours,— would you be friends with the man whc aid this thing J »' ' Scarcely ; but why are you with him now ? ' ' Because I am not like you. You will probabl) kick hiin out of that door for what he has done tc you, and there your frevenge will stop. I shall hang him before I have done with him.' 'Hang him ? I don't quite follow you.' ' Don't you ? When I was living a dog's life ou( there amongst the blacks, I used to cheat the time away thinking what would be the sweetest revenge 1 could have, and J could think of nothing better than that. To lead him on to some crime that meant the sallows. To see him quaking and shivering in the dock, to visit him in the condemned cell and see his abject terror as the day drew on, and then to stand at the foot of the steps and note the last look of horror as the hangman drew down the cap that shut out life for ever. That's vengeance, if you like.' Maitland stared at- his new acquaintance in some surprise. He was as quick to resent an injury as any man j but this cherishing and nursing of a Wrong wjus new to him. He could have ridden down his 'enemy n fair field, but to plot and calculate was not in his nature. ' I don't understand you even now,' hesaid. 'I think if Mr. Parker has the pluck to stand up I'll get as much satisfaction out of him in half-an-hour as you will waiting years foryour chance.' ''Bah ! Stand up ! He'll simply lie down and whine, and you'll let him off. I know him best, and besides you are not of a revengeful disposition. I am ; so we shall never agree.' ' No ; I am not like you ; I have it out with a fel low, and have done with it ; and I intend to have it out with Mr. Parker before very long.' ' Of course he does not know you are here, I sup pose.'* ''Not at all j I only arrived last night, and I did not put my own name in the book ; I called myself Douglas.' , J Brandon lay back and laughed. 'I've got an idea,' he said. ' Supposing I get him to come here to-night; I'll tell him there's an old friend of his here, and send him up to my room. You wait for him up there/' Just, at this moment the waiter came in and handed ? a note to Brandon : looking apologetically at Mait land, he opened and read it and an enclosure it con tained. ' What do you say he, said, after a pause ; ' will you defer your assault and. battery until to night? I'll brin^ him to you safe enough.' ' J ust as you like. . You say he is the man who stole my country ? ' ' I can vouch for that,' interrupted Brandon. ' Then let me have it out with him to-night, and I shall sleep better.' ^ ' You shall see him to-night ; meantime let's drink to our better acquaintance. That little Douglas, was a brick of a fellow, and from what he said I have a good opinion of you.' ' Mind and call me Douglas to-day,'* said Jack ; and the ill- mated pair drank confusion to their mutual friend before parting. In his own room Brandon re-read the letter he had received ; it was short, and the enclosure was still shorter. The note was from -the man just under dis cussion, and its contents .were, as follows : — ' Read (die enclosed note from Bella and think what is best to be done. If your cousin seeB Maitland, it is all up .with your scheme. I think I shall clear out.' The note from Bella simply said, ' Jack Maitland is in Sydney: I saw him in the street this morning.' Mr. Brandon resumed the meditations that had been interrupted in the smoking-room. One thing puzzled him exceedingly — What was the reason for his cousin's infatuation for this man Mait land ? 'Always reticent as to the past, she had never confided anything to him about it ; in fact, so far as he could make out, she did not know Mait land by sight. . Now they were living under the same roof, and an accident might bring them to gether at any moment. In his own mind Brandon solved the mystery by supposing that Maitland must have been of some service to the girl's mother, and that she was only carrying out some dying instructions ; concerning him. Whatever was to be done must be done quickly : he felt that. The suite of rooms oc cupied by Mrs. White and her charge were on the second floor, and Brandon's own room was also there, situated further along the corridor. To go from his room to the staircase, it was necessary to pass the doors of Miss Brandon's rooms. He had not told his cousin that he Was stopping .at the hotel, he merely accounted for his jpresence in the house by saying that he might at any time be of service to her, and so gene rally passed the day there. It occupied Mr. Richard Brandon some time to think the situation out, then he put on his hat and took his way to Parker's lodgings. JEe found that hero at home in a very uncomfortable frame of mind. The chance of falling across Maitland at ary moment was distressing, funds were turning short, and he was entirely in the dark as to his accomplice's next move ments. He had evidently been drinking, and. a half packed portmanteau was in the room, as though he had also been thinking of carrying out the resolution expressed in his note. Brandon glanced around and smiled significantly. ' You're very easily frightened ' was all he remarked, however. ' It* 8 all very well for you to talk,' returned Parker sulkily. ' I've put my foot into it deeper than you have.' ' And will hare to put your foot into it deeper still. Now just pull yourself together and listen tome. When I make up my mind, I act, as you know, and I've made up my mind to act this afternoon. You must see Bella Babbington at once, and find out if she is prepared to go as far as she said she would. Pro mise her anything,' including your sweet self, only we must have her assistance.' _ ' And you mean to give your cousin that stuff to- i night i' said Parker, looking still more frightened, 'I do ; but don't be scared, man ; there is^no harm j in it. Thanks to your self-devotion, I know exactly I ' the right anlount to give without danger.' ; ' And what am l td do?' You will go and Bee Bella and give her the note . I wn . going to, 'write. If she comes to the hotel this : afternoon, I shall know she means yes. Brighten up a bit ; don't go courting with such a hangdog look about you.' Brandon sat down and commenced to write. Parker tried to cheer up, and by the time his com ^panion had finished his -letter he had managed to 'jut ' -». a tess abject expression. Brandon finished *his ntote and enclosed it. 'Now,' he said, ' you had , better keep quiet until the evening after you have delivered this, or you might run against Waning 6 mp ^ar'c' saJ' 8 o'clock, come down to j ' e straight up to my room, do j'oa Learp' it »n^!!fk?r®jgnified that he did. 'Mind you do t nnrtr**ar.?a ^ that,'* as he indicated the open a oiVo mo £aUV \l°u know me, and if you attempt to nnH ^ hunt you to the end of the earth, » lonlrEl ? score to the utmost farthing.' He 5 imrTv oafi « J ?r, r narrowly as he spoke, and seem ftll rtiafl? v ^ what he saw left the room. He '7 . Put everything in train, and with an \ easy conscience returned to h£- hotel. [ Chapter VIII. exit pabkeb. , 'rf88 was in a high, state of excitement. She r iwL i?r e?-guardian the day before, and learnt i lunJ ^at all probability the person who had answered the advertisement would be in Sydney in a ?JSli Would it turn out to be the right man or , With a girl's ready credence, she felt that it ; ^ that at last she could thank him, and help him if he wanted help. That it was at all likely he y f j ,e assistance from her never entered her head. Utterly unworldly, she looked upon Maitland ! 08 ®0I?e'~®§ different from other men — as a friend sent by trod in her deep distress and utter lone ( liness to cheer and save her. As an ideal she loved venerated him, but of tile common passion that , goes by the name of love she had no idea. It was still dormant in her. ? No man had yet touched the key note of her nature, and taken a place in her maiden meditations. 'Her affection then for the unknown pro tector of her girlhood* was loyal, and open. She felt no more shame in avowing hor interest in him than she would have had in evincing her affection for a brother ; and it Beemed to her as the most natural thing in the world that he should accept money from her if he wanted it, even as she took it simply and gratefully from him when she was in want. Alas for the teach ings of poverty, it had tabght her, amongst better lessons, to put an undue value on the precious metal. And, alas for the teaching of prosperity, did it not but confirm the moral? Iu this new country' and amongst the new people she now associated with — was not money, money the test^tone of superiority ? Did she not every day hear men with the manners of a _ scavenger and the morals of a burglar, spoken of with awe and respect because they had plenty of it ? No wonder the poor girl looked upon money as the highest form of good will that she could show Mait land, but her awakening was yet to come, when her mind would open to the beauty of unselfishness, and the glory of a life of thorough work, as something not to be bought or sold, and the evil lesson taught by J her egotistical experiment on Bella Babbington, pass 1 away. However, according to the light she had at , present she looked forward to meeting Maitland and repaying him his past kindness with unalloyed satis faction. She felt almost glad that he should be poor in order that she now had it in her power to do some thing for him, and it was in quite a gracious frame of mind that she received a visit from Miss Babbington that afternoon. Bella was more effusive than ever, and Miss Brandon bore her outpourings with a degree of patience that surprised even herself. ?' I want you, Lucy dear, to ask me to 6top to dinner, £ have Buch a great secret to tell you,' she stud in the simplicity of her girlish innocence. ' Of course you may stop to dinner, Bella, and as Mrs. White wants to go out you will be able to con- , fide in me with the utmost confidence. I suppose the secret is terribly important.' ( ' Wait until you hear.' j 'Very well, I will wait. I intended going to the Claremonts to dine, but I 'Hill stop and enter- i tain you. Martha can -wait on us instead of the ' waiter, and we'll be like men, and open our hearts over the dinner table.' j ' Oh, Lucy, what a dear you are! ' said her friend, ] and in the warmth of her affection got up and kissed her affectionately. Not many hours after that Miss ] Brandon remembered how Judas kissed his Master. The afternoon was wearing on, the usual sense' of ^ sleepiness and dullness that afflict most people be- ( tween three and four o'clock had settled down. Mrs. i »Vhite was reposing in her bedroom, the heiress her- c self had hidden her face behind a journal, and Bella had a sofa all alone in the sitting-room, the hotel was j quiet, and drowsiness seemed to be lord of all. But t Miss Babbington was not sleepy, far from it. At the s stroke of four she arose, and opening the door looked 8 out into the corridor. Some distance down another 8 door was opened, and after looking carefully about a first, Miss Bella proceeded in that direction. She £ went cautiously ; she was not particular to a shade, g, but still she did not want anybody to see her having - t clandestine interviews in a strange hotel. Brandon jj was standing at the door of the room she made for, 0 and, admitting her, closed it carefully. a ' Well ? ' he said. b ' Well ! ' she returned. ' Everything is as well as t! it can be. Mrs. White is going out to-night. I am ti going to stay to dinner, and her own maid, Martha, r, will wait on us.' _ ci ' Now, are you quite prepared to go through with f- what you promised ?' said her companion. tl ' Quite, provided you are prepared to keep your ci word.' _ _ r i ' I'll see that Parker keeps his ; I suppose that is h what you mean.' u; ' Yes. Now what have I got to do f ' w ' At what time Will Mrs. White return ?'* ' Early, between 9 and 10.' B Brandon produced the bottle containing the pitouri lc solution ; he poured a few drops into a tiny phial, in counting them carefully, and diluted it with water, pi then handed the phial to Bella. ' This is what you are to give my cousin.' fr ' There's no harm in it r' o] 'Not the least, in that quantity. Double that would sehd%er mad for days, and three times as lo much iffould kfll her. It is an edged tool like other strong drugs only, to be used by men who understand pi them. You must listen attentively to what I have ai got to say, and remember every word.' Bella nodded ; tl Bhe was too excited to speak. a] 'This dose should, if possible, be administered in w food ; its effect is more certain when taken in a solid m form thai requires mastication than when swallowed c- at once, as it would be mixed with a drink. But I li cannot see my way clearly to your administering it in al that form, at least not without more preparation than st we can allow ourselves. In the first place, let us see tl what will be the best thing to mix it with. Lucy tc never drinks wine.' P ' No,' said Bella. f- ' Water is bad ; we will try, however, what chance we have in that fluid.' He took half a glass of water, d and poured a few drops of pitouri into it. The water cc became of a milky hue instantly. Brandon shook his b head. ' Sometimes a saturated solution is clearer than h a weak one,' he said. He poured in a. larger quan- s- tity, enough, as he told Bella, to poison ten men. si The water became very thick, then cleared, and a tc sediment was precipitated to the bottom of the glass, si In a few seconds the water was as clear as possible, tl but at the bottom was a cistinct deposit. tl ' I don't know how much or how little to take of q that,' lie said, doubtfully, putting the tumbler on the lc washing-stand. ' We must try something else.' ' Tea or coffee,' suggested Bella. & ' Of course; thfe very thing. You are sure to have h some after dinner, and you can pour it into that witl out fear of detection. It is quite tasteless.' ' What next,' said Bella. ' The first symptom will be insensibility, followir almost immediately after taking the mixture ; th will last for about two hours if my calculation correct. Then she will awaken, but although appi rently sensible, she will be completely at the dictatic of the first person who speaks to her. This must I you. Now do you understand ' I think 60,' replied his companion. 'These are the papers she is to sign; yoil hai only to suggest it to her and she will do it at one when in the state produced by this drug. Mrs. 'Whil and the maid will serve admirably as witnesses to tl signature ; nothing could be better.' ' Tlicy will not be able to notice anything 'wron with your cousin ?' They might in anybody else ; but if you rcmembi whatan eccentric young lady Lucy is they will n- observe anything different to usual. I can trust 1 your woman's wit to bring the papers up withoi exciting suspicion. Say the lawyer's clerk left thei during the afternoon,' As he spoke, Brandon ur folded the documents and showed Bella the plac where her friend's signature was to go. . He the pointed out a particular part in the body, and aske her how that would do. Bella's face flushed wit greed as she read. 'And Parker she asked. ' Of course he is riot mentioned. There is nothin strange in my cousin leaving you something whom sb has always favoured, nor in her leaving everythin else to me, for I am her nearest relative heri but to put his name in would be ridiculou! and have you not a better hold over Mr. Parker thi way ? ' ' Certainly,' said Bella, her eyes sparkling. ' 01 won't I pay out some of these people who've snubbe and laughed at me.' Brandon looked on well pleased; evidently tlie girl' heart was in the work. ' You think you can carry it through ? ' 'I'm sure of it,' she returned confidently. ' Then put the papers in your pocket, and be care f ul nobpdy sees you return to your room. But stop I forgot to. tell you that you must get my cousin t lie down after signing the papers, and bathe her fore head and face with .cold water. She will then awak in the morning with nothing more the matter wit' her than a slight headache.' Bella nodded again, opened the door and looked ou cautiously, then fled like a middle-aged swallow down the passage. Brandon waited a few minutes before h went down stairs. He anticipated some fun from th meeting of Maitland and Parker. . The table laid for the two girls, with its array o plate and flowers and glass^ looked homelike an- cheerful. Little thinking of the plot that was being wovei closely around her, Miss Brandon sat down with he companion opposite to her. ' Now for your secret, Bella ? ' she said. 'I'm going to get married.' ' I thought that was it. Whenever a girl has ai important secret it is either her own marriage o somebody else's. Who is the happy man? Mr Parker ? Has his straight nose done the mischief i ' Miss Babbington blushed, or tried to. ' Yes, it is Mr. Parker ; what do you 'think of it dear?' Miss Babbington spoke nervously, and glance- often at the clock. Throughout the dinner she seeme- highly uncomfortable. ' What's the matter 'pith you ?' said Lucy. ' Havi pou an appointment with Mr. Parker to-night ?' ' No, no, dear ; why ?' ' Because you look- as though the time, wasn't goinj East enough for you. Not very complimentary to mj powers of entertaining.' _ ' What nonsense, Lucy ; you know I am never sc lappy a« when with j«m-' Miss Brandon, knowing her friend's taste, had pro dded some wine ; but even two glasses o t cimuipagnt lid not put Bella's spirits any higher. She seemed nfinitely relieved when her hostess told the maid she lould bring them eoihe tea and leave them. Now that the time for action had come, Bella's -luck failed ter utterly ; she would have giyen anjr hing not to have undertaken the task. What if it hould bepoison Brandon had given her ? Even if she ucceeded in the first part of the programme, would he have the nerve to carry through the more difficult f ter-part ? On consideration, she thought she would. Ihe was an adept at social acting ; hypocrisy was hei econd nature. But the deed that lay immediately efore her had a gruesome look about it ; she did not ike it at all. She was getting very nervous, and S 'clock was fast approaching. It always had seemed very easy thing to read in novels of dropping a drug ito anybody's tea or coffee, but it was a very hard [ling to do in reality, as she now found. In vain she ried to think of an excuse to get her friend out of the oom for a moment. Miss Brandon sate there placidly batting. .Bella was getting so nervous now that she ;lt as though she must scream or laugh or do some ling. She could scarcely sustain her share in the innersation, and several times answered quite at indom. If Miss Brandon would only make one of er rude speeches, she felt it would string her nerves p better than anything, but on this night the heiress as gracious and kind beyond measure. At this moment a noise in the istreet attracted Miss randon's attention, and she went to the window and loked out. Now was Bella's chance, and she istantly took advantage of it, and leaning forward oured the contents of the bottle into Lucy's tea. 'What are you putting in my tea?' said her ?iend, quietly, she having turned and seen. the whole peration. It was too much for Bella's nerves. She screamed ludly, and went off in a hysterical faint. 'Mi oa Brandon was a young- woman of considerable resence of mind. She first of all took the teacup nd put it away ; then she picked up the tiny phial tat had fallen from herfriend's hand ; and then she pplied herself to reviving that friend. Her effort^ ere not successful, so she left the room to call her iaid. She opened the door and stepped put into the jrridor. It was silent and still, though brilliantly ghted. No one was visible, for at that hour nearly II the servants of the hotel were below stairs. As she ;ood there hesitating what to do, she became aware xat sounds like two men violently struggling seemed \- proceed from a room a short distance higher up the assage. She listened rather alarmed, her thoughts -r an instant diverted from her O'vn trouble. While she still stood there on the threshold of her oor, a man left the room whence the sounds pro jeded and came hastily towards the staircase. As e passed her she could not help looking curiously at im, her first impulse being to speak and ask him. to :nd her some assistance. For some instinctive reason le could not account for, she did not do this. He, -o, looked hard at her, and almost stopped, as if luck by a thought, but he hurried on and descended le stairs without speaking. Then Miss Brandon lought of the bell that in her excitement she had uite forgotten, and returning to the room rang -udly. Miss Babbington was still in a faint when Martha ame, and whilst they were trying to bring her to urried steps passed their door, and men were heard passage outside their rooms, and Martha anxiously ,g J3o the door and looked out The corndor was ® full of people, and she was about to ask one of them is what was the cause of the excitement, when her £ mistress's cousin noticed her, and came up and asked ,n after Miss Brandon in a strangely eager tone. -e ' She is in the room, ' said the maid, and will be glad to see you. Miss Babbington has fainted. Mr. Brandon kept his countenance with commend re able fortitude ; he knew in an instant that his scheme ;e had broken down, but how farhewas implicated he te could not tell, so he stepped boldly into the room ie where his cousin was bending over the unconscious iff ^ *« There's a doctor in the other room,' he said hastily, noticing that Lucy greeted hun as usual. :r ' Shall I bring him in ?' , -t *' Yes, do, I am getting frightened ; she has been ;o unconscious so long.'' . it Brandon left the room, and the maid came up, evi n dently bursting with a piece of news, i- ' The men say, Miss, that there's a gentleman dead :e in the room up the passage, and he's been killed, a murdered, and the doctor's with him now.' d Lucy gasped ; like most of her sex she had a honor h of deeds of violence, and it suddenly struck her that the sounds she had heard were like the sounds of a desperate struggle. And the man 'who passed . g Could he have been the murderer, with his hands Le still red with the deed? The^ idea was horrible; g that she had stood there calmly listening to the noises b, that she remembered with a fresh thrill had ceased as 3, the man left the room. ... is Brandon was some time before he returned with the doctor, 'and by that time Bella had recovered; but ' i, she was quite delirious, and Lucy had her moved into d her own room and watched beside her until the strong opiates the doctor had ordered took effect, and Bella 's slumbered calmly. Then she learnt from Mrs. White, who had sat up with her, that the name of the murdered, or sup posed murdered, man was William Parker. !- In the solitude of her chamber Lucy took herself to -. task with a feeling of great remorse strong upon her. o. From Bella's actions she firmly believed that the girl \- had intended to poison her, and as she fully realised , e her own conduct she almost felt that it would have h been a just retribution on her if jhe attempt had suc ceeded. What right had she to load a girl with t benefitsintheveryhopethat she wo.uldjjrove unworthy, n and Miss Brandon be canfirmed in the opinion she had e formed of the world ? She felt that she was guiltier e thah Bella in the ' matter — that she had actually shaped and sharpened the tool that had been aimed at f herself — and that by her taunjs and insults she had d degraded a fellow human being until she had made her ripe for murder. Miss Brandon arose from her i knees that night a much humbler woman than she r knelt down. ? Chapter IX. MR. PARKER STILL CAUSES TROUBLE. Jack, too, anticipated some fun from his meeting 11 with Mr. Parker. True, time and his natural easy r temper had deadened his revengful feeling a good ' deal, but he had no intention of letting his enemy off scot- free ; at any rate he thought he would give him a good fright. He waited about all the afternoon with * out hearing anything from Brandon, or seeing any I thing of Parker, and began to think that Brandon 3 had possibly duped him, and given Parker a hint to clear out. In this idea he was strengthened by e noticing that Brandon did not turn up at dinner. He was amusing himself in the billiard-room a little before 8 o'clock, when a waiter brought him a note. It was from Brandon, and simply said, ' Parker is j. upstairs in my room, No. 62, on the second floor.' Jack was only playing with the marker, so he put on his coat and went upstairs at once He was more amusedatthe idf«o£o«7 w0uld ; Mdhe&gS; that perhaps after all he would let him off with the fright. He reached the second floor, and soon found No. 52. ? ? The occupant thereof seemed to be amusing iimself throwing the furniture about, to judge from the noise. Perhaps Mr. Parker suspected ms presence, and^aft erecting a barricade against his entrance. Maitlaaft. opened the door and entered. After some years he saw again the man who had served him so badly, but no thought of revenge entered into his head. The man he looked at was apparently a hopeless lunatic. His eyes were start ing out of his head, and he was grovelling on the floor, tearing at himself with his nails and foaming at the mouth. It was the most horrible sight Jack had ever seen, and, instinctively, he put it down to an attack of delirium tremens. Most of the furniture in the room was overturned and broken, and even as he watched the unfortunate- wretch he saw him strike his head -with fearful violence against the iron leg of the bedstead. He sprang forward to try to restrain him, but the blow seemed to have rendered Parker in sensible, and he lay there, breathing heavily. Scarcely knowing how to act, Maitland hastily jumped at the conclusion that the best thing he could do was to send for a doctor, and that as speedily as possible. Leaving the room, he hurried down stairs. As he passed along the corridor he noticed a girl standing at the doorway of one of the rooms. She was regarding him curiously, and something in the face, which was a grave and pleasant one, seemed somehow familiar to Mm He had not time to think, however, but hastened down, and calling a waiter despatched him for the nearest doctor. He then asked for Brandon, and finding that he had not been seen, sent a coujsle more waiters up to his room to look after the insensible Parker. The men found the unfortunate victim breathing his last; in fact, he expired before the doctor arrived. In a few minutes the rumour spread through the hotel that a case of sudden or violent death had hap pened, and everybody crowded upstairs to see what they could see. The arrival of an inspector of police added to the interest, and when the doctor, after hasty examination, reported that the deceased had appa rently died from a blow on the temple, the excitement culminated ; nobody would have been satisfied with less. In time the crowd dispersed, a policeman stayed in charge of the room and its now quiet inmate, and naught remained of the late topic but a larger crowd than usual at the bar. It was mysteriously whispefed about the hotel next morning that a couple of detectives were prowling around, finding out what they could about the affair of last night. It was certain that three doctors were upstairs holding a post-mortem examination, that an inquest would be held next day, and that all who had been anywhere near the de ceased Mr. William Parker during the last hours of his existence would have to render an account thereof. Furthermore, it was known that a young lady had been ' taken ill from fright, and was delirious upstairs, unable to be taken home. Maitland, amongst others, had recceived notice to attend the inquest on the next day, and in con sequence of this unexpected affair cropping up he determined to postpone his visit to the lawyers for another day or two. When Bella awoke in the morning after her fiasco of the previous evening she found Lucy by her bedside with, nothing but words of forgive ness and kindness for her. One thing only Miss Brandon insisted on, that no explanation of the pre vious night's proceedings should ever take place. The subject was to be forgotten. Poor Bella very gladly gave in, her nerves were severely shaken, and she felt like a man after a long debauch, only too glad to consent to anything for the sake of quiet. The piurder, for such it was held to be, created more excitement in Sydney than had been witnessed for ' a long time, and the report of .the inquest was looked forward to with interest by all classes. The medical evidence was conflicting. The doctor first called in, who had afterwards assisted at the post mortem, deposed that in his opinion death had been caused by a blow on the temple. The other two doctors, while agreeing that a blow might have been the cause of death, stated that they had detected a foreign body in the stomach ; but what it was they were unable to say. In addition there was something peculiar about the blood'; such symptoms would not exist in the blood of a man killed suddenly by. a blow. 'Have you ever seen these peculiar symptoms before ? ' said the coroner. ?' Once,' replied the doctor then giving his evidence, 'Inthe case bf a man who died of snake-bite.' ' 'What would you think likely to have produced them in this case ? ' 'I cannot say. The Symptoms are exceptional, peculiar, and hard to recognise. Narcotic poison may in some cases produce these symptoms under particular conditions.' ' Do you in any way connect these peculiar symp toms with the foreign substance found in the stomach?' 'I do not, as yet. I cannot say what further analysis may do.' . Tne evidence of the other doctor was corroborative, but both of them admitted that the blow on the temple might have caused death. The next witness was Jack Maitland, or Thomas Douglas as he was called in Court. This mistake of his name was the first thing he had to correct, and upon being questioned as to his reason for not giving his real name at the hotel, he admitted that he did not wish the deceased to know he was in town. ' May I ask why ? ' from the coroner. ' Becouse I believed him to be the man who had stolen something from me, and if he had seen my name he would have probably kept out of mv 6ieht.' ' There was a grudge between you, then ?' said: a juryman. ' There was oh my' side,' frankly re-, plied Jack. His conversation with Brandon respect ing Parker was then given, his receiving the note, and proceeding upstairs. He detailed the condition he found Parker in, 'which he ascribed to drink. He described seeing him strike his head, and that he (Maitland) then hastened away to obtain assistance. That was all. Brandon corroborated this evidence in chief; save that he did not notice any signs of intoxication in Parker when he came to his room. ' And how long was this before you sent for Mr. Douglas or Maitland ?' said the coroner. ' About ten minutes,' was the reply. . There was an ominous silence. ' Where were you during that ten minutes ? ' said th*e same juryman who had spoken before. In the smoking-room, I think, I know I was there when the alarm was raised.' - 'Then you left deceased alone in your bedroom. ; ' I left him alone.' ? - The e^dence of the waiter who receiyed the money from Jack was taken, also that of the billiard marker, who deposed to . Maitland's leaving off his game suddenly' ' and going upstairs. Evidence as to the state of the room, the marks of a struggle, &c.;, concluded the enquiry. When the evening papers were pub lished, everybody who read them knew that a- verdict of wilful murder had been returned against John Maitland, alias Thomas Douglas, and that he would stand his trial iot the offence. Air. Claremont in common with others read the name of the man who was accused of the crime, and came to the just conclusion that it was the same person who had answered the advertisement. He also came to the conclusion, just or otherwise, that with such a young lady as his late ward it was perhaps better npt to mention the fact, if she had not heard of it elsewhere. -So he kept silence, and Miss Brandon herself who was staying up the mountains carefully avoided looking at any details of the murder, the subject being painful to her. Brandon felt that he was in a very ticklish position, hov much or how little Lucy knew of his attempt to obtain her signature by unfair means he could not tell ; he had had no communication with Bella, and for aught he knew a charge of conspiracy was hanging over his head, to fall at any moment. Parker had disappointed him in dying, or getting killed, instead of living to be hanged, and altogether he had not by any means proved tne clever general he thought he was. Only that he was bound over to appear as a witness at the forthcoming trial, he would have shaken the dust off his feet, and left Sydney for ever ; meantime he could only wait. Another man had nothing to do but to wait, and that was poor Jack Maitland. He scarcely realised his position for some time, only when he had nothing to do but think over all the damning evidence against him did he quite comprehend what might be the upshot of it all. In the fairness of his nature he felt he could scarcely blame the authorities for regard ing him in the light of the murderer. The more he looked at the surrounding circumstances the more he had to confess that the presumption must be strong in the [minds of other people that he was the man. His brothers had come down, and the best counsel in Sydney was procured for his defence. And so the day drew near, and Jack Maitland pleaded ' not guilty.' The case had created more excite ment in Sydney than any murder that had been committed for years, and the court was Dacked with spectators. The witness whose evidence caused perhaps ' the most intense interest was Brandon. He admitted on cross examination that the prisoner had told himthat he intended to have satisfaction out of the deceased man Parker, that he (-witness) had promised to obtain him an interview in a quiet place that evening, and that he had sent Maitland the note that had caused him to go upstairs to find Parker. The cause of quarrel between Maitland and Parker was concerning the theft of some plans, by which Parker had ob tained possession of country rightfully belonging to Maitland. He left Parker about ten minutes before Maitland went to him. Parker was then quite sober. Did not tell Parker that Maitland was in the hotel. Wished to give him a good fright. Thought he richly deserved a thrashing at Maitland's hands. The counsel for the defence rose immediately his learned brother ceased his examination. ' My client, Mr. Maitland, picked Parker up in a dying condition on the Herbert?' ' I believe so.' The Crown Prosecutor was about to say something when the other anticipated him. ' It is immaterial, I have a witness who was present and can swear to it. What I wanted to know was this. Were you not -with Mr. Parker when he started across to the Herbert ?' ' I was.' ' And how did it happen that you parted.' The Crown Prosecutor seemed again about to interfere, but did not speak. There was a slight change in Brandon's face, but he answered firmly, ' Because he attempted to murder me.' ' How ?' ' By striking me from behind with the butt end of his revolver, when I was drinking, and leaving me insensible on the plain.' ' Thank you, Mr. Brandon, that will do. I shall want you again presently. The deceased gentleman seems to have been a dangerous kind of friend to have on a trip west.' The waiter, whom Jack had questioned, proved a formidable witness in the hands of the Crown. The fact that Jack had bribed him to keep silence about his questions, that he had entered himself in the hotel book under a false name, all bore a black appearance on the surface. This waiter was one of the men whom Jack had sent up to look after Parker, and his testimony as to the appearance of the room was of great weight. The counsel for the defence asked but two questions. ' Were you in the smoking room at all before going upstairs ? ' ' Yes.' ' Did you see Mr. Brandon there ? ' 'No.' The billiard-marker deposed to Maitland leaving off the game, on receipt of the note. The medical evidence was the same as at the inquest. 'I have one more witness to call, your Honor,' said the Crown Pro6ecuter, addressing the Judge. There was a slight buzz in the Court, immediately hushed as a young lady was handed into the witness box by gray-haired gentleman. She lifted her veil and took the oath quietly. ' Your name is Lucy Brandon r' 'Yes.' ' Are you any relation of Mr. Richard Brandon ?' j '? Second cousin.' 'You were staying at ? hotel the night of- the murder?' 'Yes.' ' Would you, if you could, tell exactly what hap pened that night. What immediately came under your observation only ? ' ' My companion, Mrs. White, went out ? * ' Excuse me one minute,' said the Crown Prose cutor, apologetically. ' You and Mrs. White occupied a suite of rooms on the same floor as the room where the murder was committed, did you not ? ' 'Yes.' A clerk rose from the table and handed the witness a plan. ' You will examine that and state if it is correct,' went on the counsel; 'the rooms occupied by you are marked red. Is the plan correct ? ' ' Quite correct.' ' The room where the murder was committed is marked blue ; now would you kindly go on?' The clerk took the plan and handed it back to the. jury, and the witness proceeded. ' Mrs. White had gone out, and I had a friend to dine with me, Miss Babbington. My own maid waited onus, not one of the hotel servants. After dinner, my friend, who had been slightly hysterical during the evening, fainted, 4 1 could not revive her, and went out of the room to call my maid or send one of the waiters for her — — ' ' Pardon me, Miss Brandon, J' said the counsel, again interrupting, ' was there no- bell in the room?' 'There was, but I. was a little excited and did not think of it, and I thought I heard somebody in the corridor outside.' - * ' And was there anybody, there when you opened the door ? '' ' No.' ' But you heard something r ' 'Yes.' . ' ' What was it ? ' ' A noise like men struggling.' ' And from where did these sounds procced ? ' . ' Seemingly from a room a short distance along the corridor. ' 'Please hand Miss Brandon that plan. Do you think the room marked blue was the room ? ' ' Yes, that was the room.' 'How long did these sounds last, did you hear voices ?' 'Possibly a minutp, I was a little frightened at hearing them, and at the place being so loneiy. I heard no voices.' 'Well, what happened then? — take time, we only want to know the bare facts.' ' I saw a man come out of the room whence I heard . the noise.' At this moment the Judge beckoned to an usher, and a chair was handed up to the' witness, who seemed getting a little nervous. The learned Prosecutor stood there meanwhile, with a very confident look on his face. ' You will excuse me again, Miss Brandon, but it is so necessary that we should be exact. Will you refer to the plan again r The room you saw the man leave was the room marked blue r' ' It was.' ' You say you saw a man come out of that room, well ? ' ' He came along the corridor towards the head of the staircase.' ' You were standing at the door of your room, so that he passed comparatively close to you ? ' ' Yes.' ' And you saw his face distinctly ? ' ' Yes.' 'Now, Miss Brandon, will you kindly look at the prisoner and tell me if he is the man you saw leave the room ? There was a great stillness in the Court when this, question was asked. Miss Brandon looked full at the prisoner, who in his turn seemed to gaze at her with equal curiosity. Then she gave her answer. ' Yes.' It was not much of a speech but everybody who heard it felt that it passed sentence on the man in the dock as surely as the Judge's words hereafter would. The prisoner alone seemed unconscious of the weighty nature of the girl's evidence against him. He ap peared more intent on studying her face as if seeking to identify it with somebody he knew. ? The Prosecutor spoke again, and his voice broke the painful silence. , 'Did you hear any noise from the room after the prisoner left ?' ' No.' ' Did he seem excited, or as though he had been struggling ?' ' No, he seemed in haste, that was all.' 'And do you remember the time when this happened?' 'It was between a quarter to 8 and 8 o'clock, but I could not say the exact time.' ' Thank you, Miss Brandon, that is all.' The counsel for the defence rose. ' I shall not detain you long, Miss Brandon, but I have an important question to ask that my learned brother seems quite to have overlooked. Did you hear these sounds of struggling for a long time before you opened the door ?' 'I cannot say when I first heard them. I was occupied with my friend.' ' You heard the noise before you opened the door r' . ' Yes, but I could not distinguish what it was, I had an indistinct notion that there were noises going on, but I could not tell what they were.' '? Then these noises might have been going on for some time, for a quarter of an hour?— half an hour?' They might have been going on for ten minutes or a quarter of an hour ; but scarcely far half an hour ?without my noticing it.' ' One more question. Why did you not speak to the man you saw pass, seeing that you wanted assist ance for your friend r ' ' I was nervous, and he seemed in a hurry.' ' But you are quite sure you saw no marks of struggling, his clothes were not disarranged, nor was he out of breath ?' ' Quite sure.' This ended the evidence for the prosecution. ' The first witness I will call, your Honor, -will be Thomas Douglas,' said the prisoner's counsel. Every one started. The name of the prisoner had got about as Thomas Douglas. Our old friend Tom was put into the box. ' Your name is ? ' ' Thomas Douglas.' ' You know the prisoner ? ' ' Yes.' ' Did you know the deceased ? ' ' Yes.' ' Were you in company with the prisoner when you picked up the deceased in a dying condition on the Herbert three years ago ? ' 'Yes.' ' What happened then ? '' 'Mr. Maitland found him horses and clothes; brought him on with us to Bungallee, and gave bim some money to go on with.' Well, anything else r ' 'I believe Parker stole Mr. Maitland's map, and wrote down to Adelaide and took up the country that we had found.' The Crown Prosecutor rose. ' You only believe this r ' ' Yes, I believe it.' The Crown Prosecutor sat down again with an ironical smile. ' Go on,' said tlie examiner. 'Mr. Maitland went to Sydney, and I 'went back west ; out between the Burke and the Hefbertl found the man Parker hadstarted with, he was living with the blacks.' ' We will go on a step further now, Mr. Douglas. Mr. Brandon has kindly told us how he got there. When he left you to come south how did he express himself as regards the deceased man, Parker ?' . * 'As intending to follow him up, and kill him wherever he found him,'* 'That will do, Mr. Douglas, thank you,' . The Crown Prosecutor declined to askany questions. The next witnesses called were , the waiters at the hotel, and of them the counsel simply asked one question, ' Did you see anything of Mr. Brandon during the quarter of an hour preceding the alarm being given.' None of them had. The billiard marker was closely questioned regarding the rime that elapsed between Jack's departure and his returning and call ing for assistance. , Brandon was then put in the box again. 'Was Parker a great friend of yours, Mr. . Brandon?' ' No, I detested him,' was the frank reply. ' Then may I ask, why was he your constant com panion?' 'To suit my own purpose.' ' And that purpose meant no good towards him ? ' ' Certainly not. I meant to pay him out some day for toying to kill me.' ' You are candid, Mr. Brandon, was it in further ance of this grudge that you. arranged the meeting between Maitland and Parker ? ' ' It was.' ' Now Mr. Brandon, I am afraid I am wearisome, but you will again repeat what you did .after Parker came to your.room that evening ? ' ' I asked hi™ to wait there until I returned, I left the room and gave a waiter a note to take to Maitland ; then J went down to the smoking-room and waited there until I heard the report of a man in a dying state; upstairs.' ' And how long an' interval of time was this ? ' ' About a quarter of an hour.' ' The quarter immediately preceding 8 o'clock ? '' ' Not immediatelyjpreceding it; within five minutes, perhaps.' . # 'Can you recollect anybody being in the 6moking-room at the time you were there. Anybody who knew vou, 'guest or servant ? ' ' I cannot remember. I was sitting in a low chair with a newsp&per; in front of me.' ? * ' Now, Mr. Brandon, I understand you hate' dabbled in chemistry a, little ; isthis . so ? ' Yes, I am fond of the science.' ' Was there anything in your room any poisonous drug that the deceased, Parker, could |iave Swallowed during your absence?' Those who were near, the witness noticed that his firm lips quivered for a moment ; but his voice was steady and his eve never flinched the inquisitorial look bent on him as he answered ' No.' ' You are quite sure,' Baid the bar rister sternly ; ' remember your position, and the position of the' man your words may send to death— a wrongful death. You swear that in your room there was \- no .chemical compound, no poison, that would in a . few minutes change the man you left sober, into the raging mfldmnn my unfortunate client found when he went there? Answer me.' For ohe brief .second it seemed that Brandon's unparalleled nerve would desert him ; his eyes fell and he bit his lip. Then he looked boldly at the counsel who was gazing at him as though he would wring the truth out of his Jieart. ' There was a bottle about half -full of whisky in my room ; so far as I know there was nothing else but pure water.' It was noticed that Brandon never looked at the prisoner after he had made this answer. The counsel sat down, but his face was not downcast. ' I have no questions to ask,' said the Crown Prosecutor. Mr. Brandon stood down. ' 'My next witness, your Honor, will be Doctor. Sefton,' said the prisoner's barrister. Dr. Sefton was the doctor who hart 1 expressed his opinion so decidedly against the theory I that Parker met his death from a blow on the head. The usual preliminary questions were asked 'I believe, Dr. Sefton, that you have devoted a good deal of time to this case, may I ask why ?' ' Qn account of some peculiar symptoms I noticed that led me to suspect the presence of poison.' ' And what has been the result of your close investigation?' . ' I have detected the presence of a foreign body in the contents of the stomach. It is a vegetable sub stance, but I am unable to identify it.' ' Is it a poison ?* ' I should say so ; its component parts have a strong affiiiity with other vegetable poisons, but it is nothing known to 'science.' * ' What would be the effect upon the blood if it is as you suspect, anew vegetable poison ?' ' It might act upon the nervous system, or produce some alteration in the blood.' ' In the case of the deceased how had the blood vessels been affected ?' ' They had been in a state of great disorder and in flammation prior to death. It resembled a case of blood poisoning or snake-bite more than anything else I know.' 'Do you think this inflammation of the blood vessels and alteration of the blood was produced 'by the foreign substance you found in the stomach?' ' I do think so, but I cannot swear it.' ' And death could be accounted for thus without any outward violence.' ' Yes, in my opinion.' 'And could this inflammation of the blood vessels be produced by violent exercise, such as wrestling or struggling with another man ' ' No, the appearance would be quite different.' The counsel sat down. . 'I haye one question to ask, Dr. Sefton,' said the Crown Prosecutor. ' This theory of yours concerning the existence of poison is only a theory ; you have no proof to show that would convince a fellow scientist ? ' 4 ' I have not.' And the last witness for the defence sat do, vim. Chapter X. LUCY BRANDON FINDS JACK MAITLAND. Few who were in the court that day forgot the im passioned appeal of the counsel for' the defence when he addressed the juiy. He first drew their atten tion to the often misleading character of circum stantial evidence ; he cited seveifd. instances oi inno? Maitland opened the door and entered. . . . The man he looked at was apparently a hopeless lunatic. He was grovelling on the floor, tearing at himself, and foaming at the mouth. — Chapter IX. cent men condemned by its aid, and called upon them to remember the man who but lately received com pensation from, the Imperial Government for a life sentence 'wrongfully inflicted. He then drew atten tion to the nature of the medical evidence, and the opinion, expressed by a man of such high standing as Dr. Sefton as to the presence of poison. He next asked them to consider the nature of the grudge the prisoner Brandon owed the deceased : his presence, his acknowledged presence, in the room immediately before the prisoner's arrival ; his experiments in chemistry, which would account for the subtlety of the poison, if poison it was, the victim died of. And, above all, the strange fact that though Brandon was well known to every servant in the hotel, not one of them had seen him in the smoking-room, where he professed to be during the time the murder was committed. Every flaw in the evidence that could be adduced in favour of the prisoner was made the most of, nothing that experience could suggest left out, and when the prisoner's counsel sat down everybody felt that the chances were even, and the Judge's summing up would decide. The Judge summed up at some length, but it was against the prisoner on the whole. The jury returned a verdict of guilty, with a strong recommendation to mercy. ' John Maitland, alias Thomas Doug las,' said the Judge, 'have you any thing to say why sentence of death should not be passed upon you ?' The prisoner spoke up boldly and clearly, ' Nothing, but that I am perfectly and entirely innocent/' The silence that pervaded the court as he spoke was broken by a slight scream, and a lady was carried out amid confusion that delayed the dread sentence about to be passed. The papers next morning said that Miss Brandon, the young lady whose evidence had so materially contributed to convict the prisoner, haid fainted from fatigue and excitement. Nobody knew that in the name and voice she had recog nised the one man for whom she would have died a thousand deaths. And her words had sent to the gallows. In the solitude of his cell Maitland had plenty of time to think over his position : he had looked death in the face before, but this was worse than death. Even the terrors of a death in the desert alone amid the agonies of thirst would be plea sure compared to it. It could scarcely be possible. he thought, but that the truth whatever it was would out some time and clear him. He looked upon, himself as doomed, but he trusted that for the sake of his relations his name would yet be cleared from the stain of murder. The day after his trial he had a visit from his lawyer, who told him that the mont strenuous efforts were being made in his favour : his case was Tinder the considera tion of the Assembly, and Dr. Sefton, who con sidered Wmaolf pledged in the matter, had called in the aid of two other professional men noted for their xlfill in analysis. All this served little to cheer the Srisoner. Tfo a mind like his, hanging itself was ttle worse than imprisonment. The taint of crime, the odour of the prison, the disgrace of its brand, were equal to death itself. A commutation of the sentence i was nothing to ; as well die unless proved inno cent before the world. In some cases Jack felt that he could have gone out to meet his fate willingly ; had he really killed his enemv in fair fight, had the injury been of that nature that blood alone could appease the feud, he felt that the sense of righteous vengeance fulfilled would carry him through with fortitude to the end. But to be accused of deliberate murder was another thing, and Jack's lawyer left him very indif ferent as to the fate that was tc be his. Hardly had the lawyer departed when some more visitors were ushered in, an elderly gentleman and a lady closely veiled. The gentleman approached Jack and said, ' Mr. Maitland, my name is Claremont. I am the person who had the advertisement inserted, which, was answered from the west of Queensland. Is this your letter ?' 'It is,' said Jack, after glancing at it. 'My client, Miss Brandon,' he 'went on, indicating the ladv. ' had the advertisement inserted, and as we believe that it was in answer to it you came to Sydney, 6he naturally feels greatly distressed at your position here and would have an explanation.' Jack bowed. 'I will leave you then,' his visitor went on ; ' and, Mr. Maitland, let me assure you of my belief in your complete innocence of the charge against you.' He shook Jack warmly by the hand and left the cell— by some legerdemain known to himself, taking the warder with him. The lady lifted her veil, and Maitland saw the Miss Brandon who had sworn to seeing him in the passage on the night of the murder. » 11 Do you ? ? No, you cannot remember me?' she said advancing towards him. 'Yes,' said Jack, mistaking the ques tion. ' I saw you in the passage on that night.' ' Yes, and before that, years ago. Do you not remember Lucy Brandon.'' For a minute Jack was puzzled, and Lucy felt a pang of keen disappointment in the midst of her trouble. Was their old acquaintanceship, that was the story of her life, merely an episode in his ? Was tiiiH all the impression made on his memory by it that even her name was forgotten ? ' Lucy Brandon,' he repeated. ' Yes, I do remember a little girl of that name. But surely you are not the Bame ?' 'lam the same girl you befriended in former years,'' she replied simply. ' And your eyes are well and strong now ; let me look at them : you know I was always curious to know what colour they were.' 'Oh, Jack, Jack !' she cried, address ing him by the name that was familiar to her ; ' don't you know what I have done to you ? — don't you know that my evi dence brought you here — that you only saved me that I might be the means of destroying jrou. On would I not give my eyes again and again that I had never seen vou on that awful night.'' ?* Poor little woman,' he said, taking her hand and patting it as he might have done in the old shabby room of the past : ' How could you help it ? You amply stated what was true.' ' -And if I had been blind, as I would have been but for you, I could not have seen you— could I?' bhe asked, with a childish simplicity that affected Maitland. ?' Well, no, Lucv, not well ; but tell me all your adventures since I left you on the steamer.' He arePmSri^l?' ** y0Ur pardon 5 PerhaPs Tou andlSt fo?Sn?pnd°n 6tUI ! but my died that advertisement in the paper that I an ^vL' . T® gentleman said you had it inserted.' Yes , I wanted to find you ?' ' Yes— why ?' ^i°U * owe you — to ask you if you natnnff mo ^ ^ I had— to repay you if I could for you $ what would have become of me but for Jack's face flushed even in the gloom of the prison cell, but he answered gently : ' Do you think, Lucy, that I, a strong, able man, with all mysensesand faculties unimpaired, would have accepted alms from you ? Do you think so little of me as to suppose I could trade on any past kindness I had been fortunate to be able to render you? No. I feel repaid in seeing you well and fortunate ; your thanks are all I want and all I deserve.' Miss Brandon put her handkerchief up to her face to choke back her sobs. ' And if this — thishorrid thing had never happened, if you had come to me in answer to that advertise ment, would you — would you have refused me?' Jack laughed. For the time he forgot the sentence of death hanging over him. ' Would I have refused you, you romantic girl — refused to take money from you, you mean ? Well, yes* of course, I would ,* it would be impossible for me to do so.' ' O, Jack! and I have been living for it all these years. I heard you were poor, and I have thought of nothing else but of the time when I should make you rich again.' ' Well, it does not matter now — — ? ' he commenced, when she interrupted him. 'No, I had forgotten what is to be done; I will swear that I was mistaken ; I will 6ay anything. Oh let me ! do let me do something ?' ' My dear girl, everything that can be done the lawyers will do. I have plenty of friends : one thing I hope — you believe me innocent ? ' ' Can you doubt it ? But I never heard your name. I got a fright that night, and I never would look at a paper, and would not talk about it. Only think : a friend, a woman ! tried to poison me.' 'Tried to poison you— why ? ' ' I don't know ; only that I knew everybody almost but you were hypocrites and timeservers ; so I tried her, and gave her lots of presents and money ; but always in a rough way, because I wanted to see how much insult she would put up with, and still take my money.' ' A nice experiment truly. Who'was this interest ing young lady? ' 'Her name's Bella Babbington, and she said she knew you. I saw her try to put something in my tea, j and when I spoke to her she fainted, and has been ill ever since ; at least the doctors say her nervous system has had a severe shock,' The evidence for his defence flashed across Jack's mind. 'Strange,' he thought, ' if there should be two independent attempts at poison on the one night at the same hotel.' ' Does Miss Babbington know this Brandon — at least I forgot — your cousin r' ' Oh yes, well ; and knew Mr. Parker too.' ' Did you know your cousin was staying at thehotel ' No, I did not, until I read the evidence given in Court.' ' And Miss Babbington tried to poison you ? Now you can do more for me than you proposed ff you will go and see my lawyer at once and tell him all you can about the matter ; tell him everything. ' Yes, I will, at once ; and, Jack, I have the tea still she put the stuff in, and the little bottle she had it in.' ' ' Take it to Dr. Sefton directly ; it may do more than save my life : it may restore my innocence.' ' I will go directly, Jack ; but,' she put both her hands in his and looked up in Ids face, '? you do for give me, don't you, for bringing you here ? ' ' Forgive you, you foolish girl ? You will be the means of saving me, I think. There, you'll make those bright eyes bad again if you cry and even as he might have done to a child, he 6tooped and kissed her on the lips. The lawyer was deeply interested in the story Lucy told him, and the celebrated barrister who had de fended Jack chuckled quietly. He did not care two straws about Maitland's life, but he felt that he ought to have had the verdict, and, more, he was almost positive he could prove it. Dr. Sefton too, from professional motives, eagerly listened, and accepted the tea and phial as though they were the most precious gifts. It jarred upon j Lucy that none of them seemed to be as interested in the fate of the prisoner as in their own professional repu tation ; but she felt relieved at their assurance that her communication would almost certainly lead to Mait land's acquittal. She was cautioned to say nothing to Bella, but to keep her with her until she heard from them, which would be in a day or two ; and, above I all, not to let her or Brandon suspect for one moment that there had been any communication between her self and the prisoner. Chapter XI. UNDERSTANDINGS AND MISUNDER STANDINGS. The following day Miss Brandon received a visit from Maitland's counsel and Mr. Claremont. ' We have come to the determination to act at once,' said the former gentleman ; «. Mr. Brandon is a dippery customer to deal with, and if we wait for Sefton s Lalvsis we shall find him wanting when the time SJ2T Now, can you let me have an interview with ^eXad ^SiisgiTinga when sh^nteredtheroom. She had felt anxious to confess everything the morn ing after the break-Sown, but she had now re covered her health and spirits; and, as Lucy BeJrned willing to drop all reference to it, Bella was only too glad that it should be so. The night's work had made no lasting impression on Miss Babbington. She could neither understand nor appreciate .uucy s i eeiiug of remorse in the matter. She noticed that she was invariably kind to her now, and never treated her to any of the taunts and snubs she formerly had, and as this made life extremely pleasant Bella began to think that altogether her late night's work was rather satisfactory than otherwise. The death of ^ Parker and the conviction of Maitland did not affect her much. She had a dim sort of idea that Brandon knew more about the affair than anv one; but to speak about it would probably bring about inquiry into her own share in the transaction, so she dis creetly held her tongue. ' Babbington,'1 said the barrister, instinctively falling into his crossexam ination tone, ' I want you to tell me, if you please, from whom you obtained the drug you put into Miss Brandon's tea ? ' Bella got very pale, butshe did not faint this time. 'I need not tell you,' he went on, ' that it is entirely to your own interest to tell the .truth, as in the event of your not doing so Miss Brandon will, under my advice, prosecute you. The tea is now in the hands of a physician, but nothing will be done in the matter so far as you are concerned if you tell all you know about it.' 'Why did Lucy tell me she never meant to say anything more about it? '' cried Bella, bursting into a passion of sobs. 'Because at that time she fully in tended to say nothing more about it. Circumstances have since arisen that render it necessary, in order to save an innocent man from punishment that the truth should be known. Now are you willing to tell it, or shall we have to make you ?' Bella still preserved a moody silence, the tears slowly running down her cheeks. 'Perhaps you do not fully comprehend the dangerous situation in which you stand. The punish ment for such an offence as yours would be very heavy.' 'I will tell all about it,' said Miss Babbington at last; ' but I will tell it to Lucy only.' ' Certainly ; perhaps you will not mind my being present. I will call Miss Brandon,' and he went to the door and did so. Lucy went and sat down beside the culprit, who commenced her confession in an almost inaudible voice. ' It was your cousin who got me to give you that 6tuff ; it was to drug you ; and when in that state, I was to get you to sign a will and another paper. I don't know what the other paper was. This stuff he Baid would not hurt you, only throw you into a sort of trance, in which you would do anything you were told. ' May I ask where these papers are now ?' said the attentive listener. % '? I have them locked up. Mr. Brandon wanted me to give them back to him afterwards ; but I would not, as I knew he could not do anything to me so long as I kept them. That is all ; I tried to put the drug in your tea, but you know the rest.' ' When did you get this drug ?' ' The same afternoon.' ' From Mr. Brandon ? ' ' Yes ; but I won't tell you any more.' ' I am afraid, Miss Babbington, that this is the most important part of your confession. What youhave already told us we knew before pretty well.' ' Now Bella,' said Lucy, ' You musttellmc every thing. I shall not let you off, there is too much attached to it.' ' When you were asleep that afternoon I went to Mr. Brandon's room, and he gave me the drug and the papers then.'' The barrister almost jumped out of his chair, ' Now you must tell us the slight est thing that passed in connection with the drug. Where did he keep it ?' 'He had it in a bottle, and he poured a few drops into a little bottle and mixed some water with it.' ' What did he tell you about using it?' fa ' He told me it ought to be taken with food to be effective, but as he did not think I could manage that he told me to put it in something she would drink ; he said wine was the best, but I told him Lucy never drank wine ; he then said that he would try how it would mix with water, and poured some from the bottle into a glass of water, and it made the water quite thick and milky. He then poured in some more and the water got clear, but there was a sediment at the bottom of the glass. He then said tea would do, and that is all. 'Not quite; did ho say what the strength of this drug was.' 'He said that what he gave me for Lucy would do her no harm, but that twice as much would send her mad for days, and three times the quantity kill her.' ' That is all, Miss Babbington. I must only trouble you to get those papers you spoke of. Perhaps Miss Brandon,' he added, with habitual caution, ' you had better go with her.' Left to himself, the learned counsel strode up and down the room in a most elated manner, occasionally stopping to point an emphatic remark at an imaginary jury. The sudden entrance of Claremont caught him in the midst of it, and he was nearly looking as foolish as it was possible for a man like him to look. 'Well,' said Lucy's guardian, 'did you succeed ?' ' Suceeed, my dear fellow. What would I not give to have the trial over again, and ^that Babbington girl in the witness-box. I would have brought my man out shoidder high. It's all safe as far as this Maitland is concerned, but to think of what has been lost through the foolish good nature of your ward in hush ing that affair up. ' Well, never mind, we've got at the truth, now.' The other 6hook his head gloomily, as if even that did not console him. 'That's a very nice girl, that Miss Brandon looked full at the prisoner, who in his turn, seemed to gaze at her with equal curiosity.— Chapter IX. Do you not remember Lucy Brandon ?— Chapter X. Jli£6 Brandon,' he said, as if to change the sub ject, 'and got money, too. If I wasn't a married man ? ' ' You'd propose, and get rejected,' said Claremont, laughingly finishing the sentence; ' my dear boy, that young lady is adamant itself.' ' Ah ! sensible girl, but here they come.' ' I will engage that Mr. Maitland is a free man be fore forty-eight hours hate passed,' said the lawyer, as he received the papers, and shook hands with Lucy, ' and Mikk Brandon, as I am old enough to be your father, let me give you a bit of advice. Never con done an offence ; see what we could have done if we had known of this sooner.' ' And about my cousin ? ' said Lucy in a way that showed his advice had not made much impression upon her. ' i our cousin, my dear young lady, will be in the .hands of the police in about an hour ; they are watch ing him now, and as soon as I give the word he will be arrested.' ' I shall not have to appear in the matter ? ' ' I hope not ; I am almost sure of getting a written confession from him, and, in that case, the Crown will proceed against him for perjury, and we will let it stand at that.' In less than an hour sifter the barrister left, Brandon was arrested, and found himself in the magistrate's private room, with the lawyer and barrister who had conducted Maitland's defence. 'Now, Mr. Brandon, we have a full confession from your accomplice, and I hold in my possession the un signed deeds that you had prepared for your cousin's signature. Dr. Sefton has the tea containing the mixture you had designed for her. Now you are a man of the world, and will Bee the advantage of making a thorough confession, which will clear Mait land thus spoke the lawyer. Brandon laughed carelessly. 'As you say, I am a man of the world, and can see that the game is up so far as I am concerned, however, I dont intend to play into your hands for nothing. 'What shall I get if I clear Maitland r' ' Money for your defence, and we'll drop the pro secution for conspiracy. I don't know how many \- different charges the Crown will bring against you ; but if you are well defended, I think you'll get off lightly, comparatively lightly, you know,'' replied the other. ' Bring in your magistrate then, and let me do everytliing in due form. I don't often use a Bible except to swear on. Now then, all that Maitland said is quite correct. 'When he came to my room Parker was a madman, to all intents and purposes. I was in the room, although he did not see me. I will tell you how it happened.'' He stopped and whispered something to the lawyer, who nodded in reply. ' I hare a drug in my possession that 1 have distilled from a plant called pitouri, that grows only in one part of Australia. Sefton said he could not recognise the vegetable poison he discovered during his ex amination. He is quite right ; this is the first time it has been used. I will make him a present of what I have left. The effects of this drug in small quanti ties is to produce a pleasant languor and a sort of trance. In large doses it excites to anger and mad ness, and death ensues. I had been trying some ex periments ?with this drug, as to its solubility in water, and had placed a glass containing a strong solution of it on the washing-stand. I had forgotten its being there when Parker came. I may say that the water in the glass was perfectly clear, the danger ous parts of the pitouri being held in solution and the innocent particles of vegetable fibre were in a sedi ment at the bottom. As I said, I had forgotten leaving it on the washing-stand when Parker came. On his arrival I sent a waiter to Maitland with a note — the note that was produced in Court. I went to the head of the stairs to give it to the man, leaving Parker in my room. I said to him, when quitting the room, that there was whisky on the table, and he could help himself. When 1 came back I saw directly what had happened. Thinking the glass on the washing-stand contained clean drinking water, he had mixed some of it with the whisky and drank enough to poison half-a-dozen men. I remembered afterwards that as I left the room he 6aid to me, 'Is this clean water r' Thinking he referred to the water-bottle, I answered care lessly, 'Yes,' and, as I said, he drank enough to poison six men. I knew he was doomed directly I came back ; nothing on earth could save him ; in a few moments he was raging mad. Fortunately, he did not see me, for the chief symptom of the frenzy pro duced by an overdose of this poison ishomicidal. I got behind the mosquito curtains at the foot of the bed, which were sufficient to screen me from him, and waited to see if I could do anything. A sudden application of cold water is the antidote used by the natives for an overdose of pitouri, and as soon as he became insensible I intended to apply it, but I had little hope with the quantity he had swallowed. Whilst watching there, Maitland came to the door, which, opening inwards, completely concealed me from him. I saw him through the crack advance a step or two, when Parker fell against the bedstead leg, and then Maitland went for assistance. Knowing I could do nothing more, I too left the room, and, crossing the corridor, went into one of the rooms on the opposite side. There I waited. When the crowd came to the corridor it was easy for me to slip amongst them unnoticed. The wound in Parker's temple was caused by his falling against the iron leg of the bedstead. Maitland never laid a finger on him, this I swear.' WTien Brandon finished his confession, few there doubted the perfect truth of what he had said. Despite hi6 recent perjury, there was a certain daredevil ring of truth about this which carried conviction. Any how the counsel knew it was sufficient to clear Jack Maitland, and that was all he wanted. ' I should advise you one thing, my friend,' he said, as he left the room after the usual forms had been gone through, (I may remark it was a habit of hie to advise everybody), ' Curb that love for o daring experiment that now distinguishes you. 'With your talents you may aspire to be a member of the Assembly when you get out of this ' little trouble. Let me urge you to leave poisons t duly qualified practitioners ; it's safer, really ! God fcless you ; Til see you a great man yet.' And he left. In less than the forty-eight hours mentioned by the learned counsel, Jack was a free man. By one of the wonderful anomalies that distinguish our glorious constitution he received a free pardon for a crime he had never committed. This rather puzzled him ; still he was thankful for the goods the gods provided, and bearing in mind a certain pleasant- faced damsel who had visited him in prison, he agreed to be par doned. TTis brothers asked him back to the old homestead where he was bom, and among6t the sights and sounds that had been familiar to his boyhood Jack was quickly restored to the same old careless specimen of humanity he always had been. -But there was often a graver thought lurking amidst the happy-go-lucky fantasies that thronged his brain — the thought of a girl worth winning, worth wooing, but who was rich whilst he was poor. Poor Lucy, she knew now what love was. And she knew now how little money would purchase, where that passion was concerned. What could she do ? She was only a woman, and as such could but wait, not act. One comfort she could take to her heart, that the man to whose memory she had consecrated her affections was worthy. If he had taken her money thankfully, she knew now that she would have despised him. If he had shown despond ence or faint-heartedness when in trouble or danger, she knew he would not have been her ideal. But he had been all she fancied her hero should be. Stout hearted and cheerful when the future looked black with a shameful death ; self-reliant and confident in liis own abilities to work his way in the world ?without her assistance when he was once more free. And to Maitland had come a new experience. He, too, could not help thinking of the girl who had cherished a half -forgotten kindness for years, through poverty and prosperity. Was he not a fool to cast away a love like this ? And again would come^ the question : Was it really love on her part, or only the sense of duty and gratitude ? Would it be fair to take advantage of those feelings ? No, decidedly no ; and Jack roamed about his brothers' station, and Lucy killed time in Sydney, and both of them felt very un satisfied and uncomfortable. Mt. Hicliard Brandon was arraigned on several charges, notably on manslaughter and perjury ; but, thanks to the able defence of the learned counsel who had defended Maitland, he escaped with comparatively light sentences. The address of his counsel to the jury fairly eclipsed everything he had done before : one juryman fainted and two were affected to tears. When he talked of the detestable conduct of the witness Maitland in not stopping to look after the un fortunate Parker instead of hastening for assistance his audience felt a thrill of indignation that nearly suffocated them. And wlien he pictured the remorse of Brandon when lie found that through his carelessness the deceased met his fate, there was scarcely a dry eye in court. Bella was not called on to give any evidence in the matter. Itwastacitly agreed upon that henceforth she and Miss Brandon should meet as distant acquaint ances, if not altogether strangers. And so it came to pass that, when the unfortunate Parker was sleeping in his unhonoured grave, and Richard Brandon was getting a good name for exem plary conduct in gaol, Maitland and Lucy Brandon met once more in Sydney. Jack's brothers had promised him a helping hand if fortune -would once more befriend liim out west. And he and honest Tom Douglas were again about to court peril and hardship in search of new country. ' And how long do you expect to be away ? ' said Lucy, looking very wistfully, although she did not mean it, at the tall form that was walking beside her. ' Perhaps a year, perhaps longer, 'he replied. ' And you have quite made up your mind you will not let me help you in any way, not even repay the actual money you lent me.' ' Quite, Miss Brandon, for really I cannot call sucli a stately young lady Lucy, as I used to once.' ' That's very lucky, for to tell you the truth I have not got it to give you if I wanted to. My guardian informs me that all my money was invested in Turkish bonds and Egyptian securities, and that those nations have repudiated the idea of paying, so that beyond a reasonable outfit and a little ready money in the bank I am at present almost in the same position as the blind-girl you helped years ago.' ' Good heavens ! ' cried Jack, 'Ywhat unprincipled scoundrels these Turks and Egyptians must be ; cannot a fellow volunteer against jthem ? Can't he join the Russians or something ? What could Clare mont be thinking of to leave your money there r' ' I don't know, really ; but what am I to do now ? — that's the question.' ' Do ?' Maitlandjthrust his hand impetuously in his pocket, but, of course, it was empty. Then he turned round suddenly : ' Lucy, I don't dislike those Turks and Egyptians after all.- They're not half bad fellows.!' 'Why not, Jack ?,' said the young lady, who seemed tolerably contented over her loss of fortune. ' Well, because now I can ask you to wait for me, if you will, Lucy.' 'Yes, I'll waitfor you, Mr. Maitland,' said Lucy^ roguishly looking at her watch. ' How long will you be away ?' ' I don't mean at present, but will you wait until I have a home to offer you ? — until I am in a position to ask you to be my wife.?' Jack stooped down, and for the third time kissed Miss Lucy Brandon, but somehow she felt this was a very different salute from the others, rather an improvement in fact. ' Perhaps I will, Jack ; but whatare you goingaway for ? ' ' To make some money for us both, my dear girl.'' 'Now Jack, after you had made such fierce love to me, and asked me to marry you and everything, you would not be mean enough to jilt me, would you ? ' ' Lucy, what nonsense are you talking _? ' 'Because those Turks and Egyptians only existed in Mr. Claremont's imagination, and my money is quite safe, and I've enough for both without your going away.' ' You unconscionable little storyteller, I'll jilt you at once.' 'No you won't, Jack,' shesaid, with his arm around her. 'My eyes are getting weak, and I don't know what may happen to them, and I'm sure you would look after me then. But I want to ask you one question. You had forgotten all about me ; when did you begin to like me again r ' ' When you came to see me in that place — in prison, you know.' ' And I, although I always liked you, did not know what it was to care for you until then. You see, you were only like a voice to me.' ' Well, Miss Brandon,' said Mr. Claremont a short time afterwards, ' what's your opinion of the state of affairs in Turkey and Egypt ? ' ' My opinion is,' said Maitland, who overheard the ' question, ' that the perfidy of those two nations is only equalled by their abominable duplicity.' 