THE MERCURY. PUBLISHED DAILY. -? TUESDAY MORNING, JULY 19, 1881. Barking accidents, such as the upsetting of the State coach, what will prove the last Session of the present or Seventh Parliament of Tasmania will be to- day opened. For an expiring Parlia- ment there will be a particularly large infusion of new blood. In the Legislative Council Dr. Smabt will take the place of Dr. Agnew, Mr. Grübb of the late Mr. Thomas W. Field, Mr. Hodgson of the late Mr. James Lobd, Mr. John Scott of Mr. Grubb. The seat for the Huon became vacant shortly before the last prorogation, and was filled up four days after the prorogation, and again last month, under circumstances likely to call into requisition the Elections and Qualifications Committee. Whether, therefore, the last elected gentleman will to-day present himself to be sworn in, or whether, if he so present himself, the House will feel at liberty to endorse the action of Mr. Solomon, is a question we are not in a position to solve. In the House of Assembly Mr. Burgess will take the place of the late Mr. Balfe, Mr. John Lyne of the late Mr. Mitchell, and Mr. Chaules H. Bromby of Mr. William Hodgson, now a Member of the Upper House. There will not, therefore, be the not unusual difficulty of having no new Member to move and second the address in reply to the Governor's Speech. In what His Excellency may say there is not such a wide field for selection as there is for the inaugura- tion of the Session's discussions. There is, of course, ample room for congratulations on the prosperous state of the Colony. But probably this is a subject which the Premier may prefer to reserve as much as possible for his own effort on Friday. Ou referring to what we said on the morning of the opening of the last Session, we are reminded how closely we are now running in similar lines to those we were then treading. We then said " the Session will be opened to-day under the very exceptional circumstance of the opening ceremony being performed by the Officer Ad- ministering the Government in the absence of a Governor; an absence that will in no way mar the proceedings, or tend to any bungling in their conduct, for Sir Francis Smith has been well versed in all the details that go to make up the ceremonial. Though that gentleman has never exposed himself to the suspicion of egotism, he will, as a matter of course, have to make reference to the circumstances under which he takes part in the proceedings." History will not quite repeat itself, but the similarity of circum- stances is peculiar, if only as showing with how much unconcern the authorities inDowning-street can treat a Colony so little able to resent indig- nity as is Tasmania. In August, 1880, we were ntade aware that our Gomm» nominale ooold bo used to better account as locum tenetu for Sir Hercules Romnboit at the Cap«. He has ceased holding that appointment, and all we now know ia that it does not auit the con- venience of Sir George C. Strahan to come, just yet, to Tasmania, and that the Colonial Office has sanctioned his free and easy treat- ment of us. All this Sir Henry Lefroy will, of course, avoid alluding to, but as we antici- pated from Sir Francis Smith, so we antici- pate from Sir Henry Lefroy some allusion to the circumstances under which he took office. We have heard from Sir Henry Lefroy suffi- cient acknowledgments of tho kindly reception lie has met here from all classes, and in all quarters, to know that he will place on official record some recognition of the hearty welcome extended to him. We do the Administrator of the Government the jus- tice to believe that he does not feel, and we can assure His Excellency on the part of the people of Tasmania that in growing more familiar, they do not feel that respect and esteem " pall upon the sense." On the morning of the opening of last Session we said, " His Excellency will to-day be most probably made to indulge in congratulations on tho steady and progressive development of our mineral resources, which gives those engaged in such pursuits a claim to belter accommodation in the matter of roads, and to a more appro- priate code of laws. An amendment will of course be foreshadowed, and it is to be hoped Ministers will do something more than 'keep the word of promise to our ear,' " As mining is as prosperous now as then, and as the necessity for better means of traffic is, if possible, greater now than then, we anticipate a repetition of congratulations on our mining success and of promises of greater facilities for the prosecution of mining enterprise. In August last we also said :-" Another paragraph in the Speech will unquestionably advocate the claims of the Mersey and Deloraine Ballway, and we hope that this time there will be no uncertain sound as to the terminus which the public, as a whole, teem to have made up their minds shall be at deep water. " Ministers must in this respect repeat themselves to-day, and also plead for and justify an expenditure on public works as being necessary to the further progress of the Colony. On the opening day last Session we said " Ministers will be preparing trouble for themselves if they do not promise tp take steps for removing the abuses in the conduct of the Marine Board, which has become an outrage on our common sense." Ministers then shirked this duty, but a communication from the Premier to the Northern Marine Board the other day leads us to hope an attempt will be promised to-day. In glanoing over the proceed- ings of last Session, and presuming the ghosts of some of the then " murdered innocents" will again appear upon the apene, we anticipate a foreshadowing of the Premier's desire to make the Sinking Fund not a legal fiction but a great fact. The report of the Colonial Auditor on the account« for 1880 is sufficient to tell us that tho preservation of the funds reserved for the redemption of debentures has formod the recent subject of official talk. The patching and tinkering of the Goldfields Regulation Act, and of the Mineral Lands Act will of course be again promised. Lat us hope Ministers will go in for such a radical amend- ment as will remodel and make intelligible a couple of statutes which no one but the Com- missioners acting under them pretend to under- stand, and whose interpretation, whether satis- factory or otherwise, is left undisputed in consequence of the expenses of an appeal. Perhaps we may obtain from Parliament either that explanation never yet given, of two laws on subjects so cognate, or that amalgamation which would render the law more intelligible to those who have to obey it ; and their interests rather than the pleasure or convenience of Commissioners should be studied. Amendment of the law, civil and criminal, ¡b a standing paragraph in Vice- Regal speeches, and the present occasion will doubtless prove no exception, In the matter of superannuation we have been pro- mised an assimilation of the Territorial to the Municipal police, and not a day too soon. As Government should in such a matter lead, not follow, we shall expect some such promise ; and, of course, following up the rash action of our delegates at the late Intercolonial Conference at Sydney, Ministers will attempt a raid on the Chinese, forgetful that in this Colony there is no such superabundance of the yellow skins as to cause alarm ; forgetting also that any reduction of the numbers of Chinese in the alluvial tin mining districts would soon bring that industry to a standstill. Parliament must not be asked to stultify itself by incurring expense to facili- tate mining enterprise, and by crude legislation paralysing an important branch of that enter- prise. We know from the draft of a Bill forwarded to us that the attention of Parliament will be directed to the prevention, by vaccination, of the introduction of small-pox, and to staying its spread by quarantine laws. The object of Ministers has the hearty concurrence of the intelligent portion of the people. In Tasmania our population is not large enough to afford us a class who take up an idea because of its pecu- liarity, or for the notoriety it brings. The utility of vaccination is therefore scarcely denied, and the expediency of quarantine regu. lations are universally admitted. But there is just the fear that under the excitement of a scare we may -rush into hasty legislation and rash action. The quarantine of vessels means the stoppage of trade. Therefore Victoria, so dependent on Sydney for supplies anda market, and with fifty times the risk we run, has not ventured on the extreme step which we are said to contemplate in respect to vessels coming direct from Sydney ; a step on our part bor- dering on the ridiculouB-if such a word can be applied to Buck a subject-seeing that while we shut the front door, we throw the back door wide open, by permitting the unchal- lenged entrance into Tasmania, via Melbourne, of persons from Sydney. Let us be judicious as well as cautious. The Census will of course be referred to, and we have been led to expect that, without taking time to consider the various interests involved, and the various phases arising out of an increasing, but not equally increased, population, Ministers are in such a hurry to improve the shining hour that there is to be a re-distribution of seats, and a read- justment of the electoral franchise under the meaningless cry of equal representation. We shall not prejudge any measure for the amendment of the Electoral Act which we have not seen. Ministers may intend follow» ing a more prudent course than some of their friends credit them with, and we would have them remember that, though they may satisfy themselves, and receive the plaudits of extreme reformers, neither the Country nor Parliament is likely to accept as the basis of any new Bill that fanciful theory of equal representation which would divide the Colony into so many equally peopled districts, and give a Member to so many head of the population, irrespective of any other consi deration than a given number of 'inhabitants within a given area. A paragraph referring to the recent loan will doubtless be thrown in, and if the Treasuber reserves to himself the power of expatiating on a flowing revenue, the Governor will no doubt remind Parliament that our finances are in an eminently satisfactory condition. ___^^___^^^__ Supreme Court.-The Judges will sit in Banco this morning, at the usual hour. The equity suit, Green v. Walter, is in the list for farther hearing, but there is some probability that the suit will be settled in the meantime. The ease, J?. Crosby ». King, being an appeal from the decision of Mr. ? Commissioner B. Shaw, Court of Mines, ii alto in ¡ th» bnjjpsM Ii«*/ - - Opening of Parliament.-The sixth session of the seventh Parliament of Tasmania will be opened to-day, at 2 p.m., by His Eicellency the Adminis- trator of the Government, with tho usual formali- ties. A salute of 19 ¿nus will bo fired at the Queen's Battery, by the S.T.V. Artillery, who are to meet at 1*15 p.m. sharp. The S.T.fi. Regiment will furnish a guard of honour, composed of one captain, three suba) lerna, as many of the regiment as can attend, with tho Queen s Colour, and the Regimental Band. The members of the Legislative Council will meet shortly before 2 o'clock, when the proclamation conven- ing tho session will be read by the Clerk. After His Excellency has delivered the speech, he will rotire from the Chamber, attended by his suite. According to the standing rules aud orders, before any business is proceeded with, the Lard's Prayer will be offered np by the President. A bill will then ba introduced, and read a first time pro forma. The President, having reported the Speech and read it to the Council, a motion for an address in reply will be made, and a select com- mittee appointed to draw it up, and to present it at a subsequent period. The members of the Honse of Assembly meet at 2 p m" and with the Speaker and officers of the House, proceed to the Legis- lative Council Chamber to bear the Speech, after which the members disperse, and meet again at 4 o'clock to proceed with business, according to the standing orders. There are new members to be sworn in, in each House, five in the Council, and three in the Assembly, namely:-The bon. Dr. Smart (in the room of Dr. Agnew) ; Hon. Johu Scott (vice Mr. F. Grubb) ; Hon. Jno. Watchorn (vice Mc. Joseph Solomon) ; Hon. W. Hodgson (in the room of Mr. James Lord, deceased) ; and the bon. Mr. Grubb (in the room of Mr. T. W. Field, deceased), The three new members for tbo Assembly are-Mr. W. H. Burgess (in the room of Mr. Balfe, deceased) ; Mr. John Lyne (in the place of Mr. Mitchell, deceased) ; and the Hon. C. H. Bromby (vice Mr. Hodgson). As we stated yesterday it is the inten- tion of the Government to introduce the Quarantine Bill, the standing orders being suspended for the pnrpose of passing the measure through both branches, with the assent of hop. members. Pabliamentabv Dinners.-The following gentle- men have received invitations to dine with His Excellency, on the occasion of the opening of Parliament :-On July 19 (to-day)-The hons. the Premier, Colonial Secretary, President Legislative Council, T. D. Chapman, W. L. Crowther, T. Reibey, N. Brown, A. Dobson, Jas. Aikenhead, VV. A. Gellibrand, A. McGregor, W. Hodgson, Meurs. A. L Clark, T. C. Just, G. W. Keaoh, II. Lamb, H. Lette, J. E. Risby, Serjeant S'eigh, W. Belbin, A. Coote, J. Cox, J. Lyne, J. Scott, the Sheriff, th* Usher of the Clack Rod, the Clerk of Legislative Council. On Thursday, July 31-The hons. tho Attorney-General, Minister of Linds and Works, Sneaker of Honse of Assembly, D. LewiB, D. Cameron, W. Dodcry, F. W. Grubb, J. Lord, J. Maclanachan, J. Scott, Dr. Smart, J. Watchorn, Messrs. J. M. Dooley, A. Douglas, W. St. P. Gellibrand, J. A. Gunn, W. Hart, A. T. Pillinger, A. Riddoch, G. Salier, W. H. Burgess, E N. C. Braddon, E. L. Crowther, C. H. Bromby, Clerk of House of Assembly, Sergeant-at.Arins, Richmond Election.-The Returning Officer, Mr, W. C. Simmons, attended at the Council Chamber, Richmond, yesterday, to formally declaro the result of the eleotion. The ballot .papers having been Bcrntiqised since Saturday's report, especially those at Jerusalem, gave to Mr, Bromby three more voteB. Tho official return was therefore Bromby 87, Brock 81 ; majority for Bromby 0. No one was present to return thanks in be- half of the member-elect, who had returned to town. Mr. Brock addressed those present, and made some very sensible remarks on the question of the election, and upon toplos of interest te the district. A vote flf thanks haviog been given tp the Returning Officer, the proceedings were closed with three cheers for the Queen. We understand that at a meeting of electors held at Riobmond last week Mr. Bromby had the good taste to speak of his opponent as an effete old man devoid of brains. And such a one is the phpice of Richmond. Verily, gentlemanly conduct is not an essential in a Parlia- mentary man of the present day, SMALL-rox Precautions.-The lion, the Colonial Secretary informs us that the Government have decided to place in quarantine all vessels arriving at any port in Tasmania, from any port in New South Wales, and have telegraphed this decision to the Government of that colony, and to the S. Al. Herald. They have also issued instructions for all vessels from Melbourne to be detained on arrival until they bave been inspected by the Health Officer. With the view of increasing the facilities for publio vaccination, arrangements have been made for the operation to be performed at each of the publio school buildings in Hobart, as well as at the office of the Superintendent of Vacoication in Collins-street. Steps are also being taken to make further provision for carrying into effect the fratuitouB vaccination of all unprotected persons in launceston. City Council.-A special meeting of the City Council was held yesterday afternoon, for the pur- pose of considering the necessity of appointing pro tem. a gentleman to aot as Officer of Health during the illness of Dr. Hall. It was resolved that the Health Committee be inBtruoted to invite applications for the temporary appointment of a Health Officer, the applications to come in by 12 o'clock noon on Friday next, and that the com- mittee bring np a report to next meeting. City Police Court.-The Mayor and Alderman Browne!! presided on the bench of the City Police Court yesterday morning. Two males were fined respectively 5s. each, or ordered to be imprisoned for seven days, on charges of drunkenness. C. L. Lorden pleaded guilty to a oharge of having dis- turbed the peace, and was fined 5s., or in default, ordered to be imprisoned for seven days. C. Clark was, on the offence being proved against him, fined 10s. Cd., or ordered to be imprisoned for seven days, on a charge of having used obscene language in a public place on the 16th inst. R. Miles, charged with having neglected to join the vessel Othello, in which he was employed as a seaman, was remanded till this morning, in order to permit the owner of (he craft being present. Melbourne Exhibition.-Mr. Gregory and Mr. Robinson bave, in the most handsome manner, pre- sented their obelisk and base of Tasmanian free, stone, from Okehampton and Hestercombe, to the Technological Museum in Melbourne, where tbey will be erected as a permanent exhibit of the most beautiful stone in Tasmania, in the ground of the Museum, which, it is known, is attached to the Melbourne Publio Library, and through the paths of which thousands of people pass daily. Received,-We have received a oopy of J. J. Miller's Sporting Pamphlet, containing last season's prin- cipal performances of all horses nominated in Hawkesbury Handicap, Sydney Metropolitan, Mel- bourne Cup, and Champion Stakes, etc. Volunteer Artillery.-At the parade of the Volunteer Artillery Corps, held last evening in the the drill-yard, Lower Macquarie-street, au examina- tion of gunners took place, with a view to fill three vacancies in the ranks of the bombardier«. Thirteen gunnerscameforward for the examination, which was conducted by the instructor. Tho result is expeoted to be made known during the week. At the con- clusion of the drill, the corps, headed by the band, marched up Macquarie-street, as far as the post office, where they were dismissed. To-day, at 2 p.m., on the occasion of the opening of Parliament, the Artillery will fire a Parliamentary salute of 19 gunB from the Queen's Battery. Gunners are re- quested to assemble at the battery at 1*15 p.m. The Volunteers.-Every Volunteer of the Rifle Regiment is particularly requested to attend at the Military Barracks, at 1 to-day, to parade with the Queen's Colour and Regimental Band, as a Guard of Honour on the opening of Parliament. The gunners S.T.V.A. are requested to assemble at the Queen's Battery, at TIG to-day, for the purpose of firing a salute of 19 gunB. Undress uniform. I Society fob the Prevention of Cbuelty to Animals.-The third annual meeting of the mem- bers of the above society was held in the Tas- manian Hall last night. HÍB Excellency the Go- vernor presided, and was accompanied by Lady and the Misses Lefroy. The annual report and balance sheet were read and adopted, the officers elected, the schools' branch report and balance-sheet read and adopted, and the awards to the prize essayists given. A number of addresses were delivered. A full re- port will be found in another column. Diocesan Church Society.-Ou Wednesday (to- morrow) evening the quarterly meeting of the St. David's Branch of the Diocesan Church Society will be held in the schoolroom, Harrington-street, at 815. Distribution of Clothing.-It is notified that the distribution of midwinter clothing to the children of the Watohorn-street Ragged Sohool wUl take place at 11 o'clock this morning. Health Officer.-The City Coubcü invite written applications from medical practitioners for the office of Health Officer, to be sent in to the Health Committee by noon on Friday. HOSPITAL Cases.-The following cases were treated at the General Hospital yesterday:- Timothy Phelan, aged 59, fell over a log at Port Cygnet, and fractured one of the bones of his right leg near the ankle. Splints were applied, after which the man left for his home Mary King, aged 60, fell on her chest on some firewood, and broke one of her ribs on the left side. William Carpenter, aged 27, residing on the Huon road, whilst at work at Dwyer's saw-nulls, Upper Macquarie-street, got his left fore-arm caught in the circular saw, and had the muscles divided to the extent of 3in. Michael McCormack, aged 50, living in Melville-street, caught his hand on a hook whilst passing a butcher's shop, a rather bad wound of the band being the result Hobart Athletic Club.-Nominations for the handicap events, inoluded in the sports to take plaoe on Saturday next, on the lower cricket ground, in connection with the Hobart Amateur Athletic Club, were received by the secretary, Mr. W. Webster, at the British Hotel, last evening. The number of competitors who have entered is con- sidered very good, and inolnde several "peds." from the country districts. The numbers are as follow :-Handicap Flat Race, 10 entries ; Quarter of-a-Mile race, 4 entries ; Hurdle Race, 6 entries ; Walking Match, 5 entries. The handicaps for these races will be declared on Thursday next, and the time of general entry ia fixed 1er Friday. The other races are being well filled up, and there seams every probability of thin being . good day's »>>rt on Batauday. Intercolonial Piles.-The s.a. Southern Cross, which arrived hate from Melbourne ? yesterday, brought the following file« of intercolonial papers : Victoria,;ifith and lGthinst; New South Wales, 14th inst.; and South Australia, 13th inst Colonial Missions.-The annual meeting of the Primitive Methodist Colonial Missions took place last evening, at the Collins-street Church. After tea, which waa contributed by friends, the chair was taken by Mr. ti. Peacock, and addresses wera delivered by the several gentlemen announced to tako part. The Bev. W. Gould, pastor, spoke of the mission work of the Primitive Methodist», and referred to the circuit and mission stations io the colonies, and gave an impassioned address which was not too long. Rey. C. Anthony, who was formerly stationed at Hobart, but now como« from Launceston, alluded to ministerial changes, and of his appointment after leaving Hobart, to Sandhurst and Eaglehawk, Victoria, and to his coming again to Tasmania three months ago to labour at Launceston. He gave a brief sketch of the Primitive Methodist Church, which com- menced 70 years ago, and mentioned the fact that some of the converts having come to South Australia 40 years ago commenced their missions. In 1859 the first Primitive Methodist missionary came to Tasmania, where the canse had been growing and improving in usefulness up to the present time. In the course of bis re- marks he adduced some interesting facts, and urged the members to be faithful to Christ, for the mission of the Church was to proclaim the truth. After the collection was made, the Treasurer reported the state of the finances, by which it appeared that the missionary boxes had produced £12 12s.; mis- sionary cards, £7 4s.; collections on the previous day, £5 4s.; and proceeds of the tea and collection that evening, about £0. Bev. W. C. Robinson, Congregational minister, then briefly addressed the meeting upon individual responsibility, and the necessity there was that a deep feeling of such responsibility should be carried into all united action, especially into missionary work. That was, in fact, the only true missionary spirit, .which be urged them all to cultivate and promote. The usual votes of thanks were given. During the evening the choir gave several pieces of music The proceedings closed with the Benediction. Chalmers' Hall.-The musical entertainment, entitled "The Seasons," so successfully given last Toesday, will be repeated this evening, in Ohalmera' sohool hall. The programme consists of solos, duets, and part songs, and Mr, A. J. Dentith will perform a violin solo. Coon Templars' Hall, New Town. - This eveniug the Odd Folk will appear in the above institute, in their pleasing and popular entertain, ment, entitled Mfrry Moment*. The performance will opep with the comedy by Mr. G. H. Rodwell, entitled Wa» I lo üíarne? which was played with great success by the abovo company at the Bel- lerive Institute. This will be followed by a choioe selection of comic and sentimental songs, trios, etc., by the company. The whole to conclude with an amusing farce. Mead's 'bus will leave Waloh's corner at 7 o'clock, returning after the performance. Should the weather prove favourable na doubt there will be a large attendance. ?I'de Stud Sheet Sales.-We regret having been led into spine errors in connection with last week's sales of Tasmanian sheep in Sydney. We yester- day spoke of the sheep from the Fairfield flocks of Messrs, Gibton and Son. It shoqld has been of W. H. Gibson, of Fairfield. The stud rams sold by Mr. James Gibson, exclusive of Sir Thomas, realised 87 guineas, instead of 78 guineas, as stated by us. We can only say that we followed the telegraphic information furnished us. The Late Mr. John Dowling.-It will be of interest to many readers (says the Argus) especially in Collingwood and Fitzroy (and we may add Tas mania), to learn that, by a recent telegram from London, intimation was received of the death of Mr. John Dowling, for many years manager of the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, Collingwood, and subsequently manager of the same bank in Sydney. Mr. Dowling, who was suffering from heart disease, with complications, went home on leave of absence for 12 months. During the voyage he became seriously ill, and was com- pelled to remain some time at Malta, where he seemed to recover considerably. In England he suffered a relapse, which ended fatally. Both as a bank manager and as a private Individual Mr. Dowling was held in the highest esteem for bis genial temper and kindly disposition, and among the scenes of his old labours not a few will read this notice with sincere sorrow. Deceased was the eldest son of Mr. Henry Dowling, of Launceston, who is now in Europe. The Attorney-General has appointed August 30 to hear an application for a patent for an invention for improvements in and connected with electric lamps, to be granted to Joseph Wilson Swap, of Newcastle on-Tyne, The application of Orazio Lugo, M.D., for a patent for an invention for improvements in telegraphy is to be considered by the Attorney-General on AuguBt 31. MIsb Blyth's painting and drawing olaases will re- open on the 21st | and Mrs, Henry Barnard's glasse« will meet on the aame day. The duties of Miss M. G, Bellah-'« sabool, Franceville, will be resumed to. morrow. The annual meeting of the Hobart Amateurs, Gardeners, and Cottagers Horticultural Society will take place at the old committee-room, on Saturday, at 8 p.m. His Excellency the Administrator of the Government will preside. On the 29th Dr. Benjafield is to lecture at the Town Hall on "Plant Life," under the auspices of the Wes leyan Christian Association, the Governor to preside, and the proceeds in behalf of the widows and families of the Beys. Richardson and Armitage, who lost their lives hy the Tararpa disaster. A ooncert, patronised by the Bishop, is to be given at St. Peters Hall, on August 1, in aid of the fund for erection of infant Behool under the manage- ment of tb» Sisters of Charity, by the Hobart Minstrel«, Pigeon shooting sweepstake matches are notified to take place at New Town to- morrow. 