AN ENQUIRY DEMANDED. ' The proper and ordorly management of such au institution ob the Now Town Charituhlo Institution must always bo a mutter of great difficulty, requir- ing tho most oaroful discrimination and good judg- ment, and there is vary little doubt that the present Superintendent and his staff are in every way fitted for their responsible position. No wonder, then, that as a rulo, when they find it necessary to appeal for support to tho Police Magistrate, they reooive it with promptitude. Yesterday, however, in au appeal to the City Bench thoy woro Icbb lucky. The Police Magistrate was away down the river, and Mr. H. M. Hull was the presiding Justice, and he took the opportunity of administering euch a snub to the management of the institution as should lead those who have tho conduct of these matters to think twice beforo they again place him in Bitch a responsible position, It is well known that the inmates of the institution are not allowed to livo in idleness, but hove light tasks given them, which Borve to diminish their cost to the country. In tho case now under roview, the two mon brought beforo Mr. Hull wcro charged with refusing to do the light tasks they were told to do-the necessity for maintaining the disciplino of the institution de- manding that when, after the medical officer has certified that inmates are able to do light work, and they will not comply with orders given to thom, they bo brought before tho City Bench. In this case Dr. Turnley, the modical officer, had certified in due form that these two men were able to work, and the refusal on their part to do so was followed in duo course by an application for the usual punishment-so far, at least, as the institution was concerned, though there was no reciprocity shown by tho Bench. The book signed by Dr. Turnley was produced in Court. The Polioe Magistrate would undoubtedly have told tho offenders, who, by-the-byo, pleaded guilty to the charge laid against them, that if they I would not obey orders in their home they must do a term of hard labour in tho house of correction. Not so Mr. Hull. With acareo a glance at tho men as they stood bohind tho bar-without consulting his brother Magistrate-ho burst out, to every one's surprise, with the intelligence that tho "poor old people were evidently past work. The Doctor might give a certificate that they wero fit for light work, but he should like to put tho Doctor's certificate asido." Then Mr. Hull turned to his brother Justice, whoso foco clearly expressed ' astonishment and disapproval, but after a short ' whispered conversation, Mr. Gucsdon presumably ' not caring to moko bis coadjutor eat his ' words, Mr. Hull announced that the men wero dis- charged, and they wero set at liberty, to go book to the institution and crow without doubt over the insult offered by them, with the aid of the City Bench, to those set in authority over them by tho Government. The [matter is one which cannot bo allowed to rest here, and c»Ub for a strict enquiry by the Government. Either Dr. Turnley ia be- having with harshncsB to the paupers, and Mr. Hull's keon eye detoctod it at a glance, or Mr. Hull has allowed privato animosity to influenco his public action in a very reprehensiblo way, which ' calls for very summary treatment. Our adminis- tration of justice mußt bo abovo suspicion, and wo ' call upon the Government to do their duty. ' Legal Examinations,-Tho January examina- tion in literature under the Barristers and Attorneys Act concluded yesterday, tho result being at once made known. Mr. J. 15. Young (from tho oflioe of Young and Walker) has passed-a very creditablo examination, notwithstanding that ho was seriously ' indisposed on the first day. The examination in law will probably finish to-day. Rifle Association.-At the usual weekly moot ¡np, on Tuesday (Mr. Bennison in the chair), a series of Hilo matches waB arraneed to take place at Macquarie Point Butts on the 14th February and every alternate Monday ; the ranges to bo 200, 400, and 450 yards ; seven shots at caoh range ; and the prize to bo a trophy of silver. No reply having beon received from tho Staff Oilicor as to purchase of ammunition by the members of the As- sociation, it was determined that a deputation should wait on the Colonel Commandant with ro forouce to that subject, and also as to the improve- ment of the rango at Sandy Bay, towards which the Association aro contributors. Several new members were proponed, and balloted for, accord- ing to rulo. Some silver trophies were exhibited by Mr. McDonald, of tho committee, as prepared by Mr. Gaylor, tho jeweller, of Liverpool-street ; and some of tbem wore soleoted as future prizes. Loose Road Metal,-Complaints are frequently made of the present stato of the stroets, winch render locomotion to man and boast absolutely dangerous. A horse of Stovenson and Clark's met with some sevoro iujuries through boing thrown down by tho loose stoneB on the road near Vsuoluse, the poor animal sufforing groatly from tho cutB and bruises he sustained by the accident. The long-continued dry wea thor is, no doubt, the cause of the streets boing bo much cut up by the traffic, but perhaps something might he done by the Corporation to lesson the evil, which is growing greater every day. Requiring Attention.-We havo beon informed , that some weoks since a bush-made collin waB washed up on the beach near Snug River, North- west Bay. One sido of tho cofliu lins beon washed j away, disclosing what appoar to hi human re- , mains. No trouble seems to have beon taken to ¡ remove this objeot out of tho view of those going ( to and from North-West Bay. r Resoued from Drowning.-At about 7 o'olook t last evening a little boy named Carriok, aged about 7 years, either fell or was accidentally pushed into t the river. He was standing near the hulk Pro- ^ pontis, and it is supposed that ho was pushed over I the wharf by the crowd of excursionists who had i just left tbes.8.Rotomahana, The'boy sankonce, and j just as he was about to go down the second time a 1 young man named Thomas Tilley loaped in and f rescued him. Carriok, who was talton home, ia the £ son of a painter in Wilmot-street. We understand 11 that Tilley ¡a a. resident of Battery Point, IÍ Theatre Royal.--Tho Hibernian drama of Kerry Gow was ropoated last evening to a pretty good house. To-night, a benefit will bo tendered to Mr. Leake, the tragedian. The patronage of Commodore AVilnon, and tho officers of II.M.S. Wolverene, and also tho officers of the Italian transport s.s. Europa, has been secured for tho occasion, and there ought to be an overflowing house. The performance will coiiBistof Shokspearo's sublimo tragedy of Hamlet. Mr. Leake will sustain the title role, nnd will bo supported by the full strength of the company, while tho stage appointments aro to bo of a superior kind. Mr. Leakc's representation of Hamlet has hoon spoken of in very high terms by the Sydney Presa. To-morrow night Mr. Leake will make his farewell appearance. Hobart Regatta.-The Regatta Committee hold a meeting yesterday evening, at tho Bird-in-Hand Hotel. / Present : Mesera. C. Dowdell (chairman), 'J'. Rennison, J. W. Gill, J. Haylo, - MaoMillan, J. Mitchell, P. J. P. Norman, A. E. Risby, W. J. Watchorn, and J. O'lioylo (lion, secretary). In- stead of calling for tenders for a limited number of fcleamors to have tho use of tho jottics, the com mittco decided that any steamer could ply for biro fiom o jetty on application to them. Commander Watson, of H.M.S. Wolveroue, will bo asked to ap- point a timo for a deputation of tho committee to wait upon him in reference to tho races to bo in- serted in tho programme for tho man-of-war's men, and also the officers of tbo transports Finistère and Europa for thoir co-oporation in assisting tbo re- gatta. The offer of Mr. J. Chisholm, master gunner, to attend the guns on regatta day at a reduced charge, was accepted with thanks. Tenders for licensed victuallers' bootha were accepted as follows :-Thoa. Howard, Lloyd's Hotel ; Mra. Greou, Golden Cross ; Mrs. Williams, White Horso ; C. W. Bezotto, Carlton Hotel ; E. Thornton, Black Swan ; J. R. Hurst, Prinoo Albert Inn, Now Town; and J. P. McDonnell, Hop Polelnn,Glenorchy. As no sufficient tenders had been received for the committee booth, or for tempeiauco booths up to tilt amount which had been fixed, a resolution waa .passed that fresh tendera be invited for theso booths until "7'30 on next Wednesday evening. Band- master Schott wrote, informing tho committee that it was the intention of the Artillery Band to give a concert at their Drill-yard, on Tuesday oventng, for tho benefit of the regatta funds. A cordial voto of thanks was passed to that gentleman and tho members of tho band for tbo practical interest which they were taking iii the success of the regatta. Mr. H. Soton was granted permission to erect two Tovolvlng cirousea on tho ground. It waa arranged that the flotilla should start from the Prince's Bteps at 9'15 on regatta morning. Tho steam-launch Enterprise will' bo engaged for the use of tho com- mittee in following the different races. Entries for the races will close finally on Thursday next, at 8 p.m. Tho committee went into waya and means, and found that a considerable sum was wanting to enable them to carry out their engagements. The meeting waa then adjourned to Saturday evening, at 8. Wo hope the public will not allow the appeal of the committee to pass by unheeded, and that they will boar in mind that it rests solely with tliomsolves whether the regatta is to bo a success or not. Citizens must throw off their apathy, put their shoulders to the wheel, and show our visitors, naval and intercolonial, that the city of Hobart can hold a regatta on our noblo Derwent second to nono in any other place in the colonies. City Police Court.-Messrs. H. M. Hull and W. A. Guesdon were the presiding justices at the City Police Court yesterday morning. Mary Ann Ejuiith was fined 10s. Gd. for disturbing the peaco publicly, and for a similar offence Sarah Jane Ecoles was fined 5s. John Brown and .Tames Mullins wero each fined l8, for throwing stones at another boy, the coate of the information being remitted. A similar charge against a boy named Augustus Smith was dismissed. William Aldridge and James Side- bottom, inmates of the New Town Charitable Insti- tution, were charged with refusing to work on the previous day, and were cautioned and sent back again. In Pedder v Want, an information laid under the "Walk over Crossing" by-law of the Cor- poration, Mr. E. G. DawcB, solicitor, appeared for tho defendant, who had left the colony. In consi- deration of, this Mr. Pedder withdrew tho infor- mation. Duggan v. Shirley, a charge of cruelty to a horse, was, on the application of tho defendant, ad- journed until Tuesday next, to enable him to call Mr. Park as a witness. Mayor's Court.-Tho Mayor (Mr. Harcourt) and'Alderman Maher presided yoatorday. Pearce Baker, Thomas Browning, and E. A. Vimpany, oaoh of whom was charged with being tho owner of an unregistered dog, wore ordered to pay 5s oaoh. Patrick McCauley, for having two unregis- tered dogs, and John Sullivan, for being tho koopor of threo unregistered dogs, woro oaoh fined 5s. for each dog found in their possession. Francis Ray was fined 5s. for allowing a oow to bo astray in a street, and Richard Mulhouse was fined 10b. for allowing two goats to stray. Bellerive Police Court,-The Wardon and Mr. Chipman, J.P., presided at the Bollerivo Police Court ycBterday. John Wright, William Taylor, Harry McGuiuncss, and Arthur McGuinness, were charged with a trespass on the property of Mr. Edward Brooks, at Bellerive, in using a bathing. hoUBO which that gentleman hod creoted on tho beach below hiB "house, Mr, Featherstone (Elliston and Featherstone) appeared for the defendants, and contended that as tho bathiug-houso was below high-water mark, there could bo no trespass, The Bench accordingly dismissed the information, W. Free and George Ware, jim., both of Rokeby, were each fined 2s. Gd., costs remitted, the former for allowing a pet sheep to graze on tho streets of the township, and the latter for allowing a bull to be at large in u similar way. The same justices, with Mr. Young, J.P., also hoard a caso under the Small Debts Jurisdiction, in which Thomas Wilson sum- moned Mrs. Beauvais on account of damage alleged to havo been dono to his crops by her horses. Ho had no proof, however, eave bia own unsupported statement, that the damage was so caused, and he wai accordingly nonsuited. Clarence Municipal Council.-At tho monthly meeting of tho Clarence Municipal Counoil, held yesterday, at the Council Chambers, Bellerive, thoro were present the Warden (Mr. Henry Lamb, M.H.A.) and all the Councillors. The salary of the Warden was fixed at £75, tho same as last year. The salary of tho Superintendent of Polico was also oontinuod as before, but the extra pay for his oeting as Council Clerk was left for further con- sideration, pending tho settlement of o point at issue beowcen the Council and tho Inspeotor of Polico. A forago allowance of £10 was granted to Constable Thorne, on condition of tho horso being always available for polico work. A lotter was road from tho Minister of Lands stating that Mr. Taylor, of tho Twina ateamor, had offered to make his last trip an hour later, namely, atG'15 p.m , instead of 5-15, but declined to start his first trip any earlier in tho morning. It was resolved, after discussion, that tho Wardon should reply, declining on behalf of tho Council to recommend that tho proposed alterations should be accepted as sufficient or satisfactory, as they would bo of no practical value to the district. Slaughtering licenses woro fixed at 5b. each, and the police rate for 1881 was fixed at 9d, in tho pound. Ratea amounting to £2 14s., tho only ones outstanding for 1S80, were re- mitted from various causes. Soma alterations woro made in the assessment roll, and tho Council Clork was instructed to overhaul the roll further, making the necessary alterations, ready for the Revision Court to be hold next month. TheabBtrootof rocoipts and expenditure for 1880 was placed before tho Council, and having been approved and signed, was ordered to bo sont on for audit, A letter was also read from the Colonial Auditor, stating that ha had recommended certain alterations in the way of Keeping ino accounts, ana mat tue council uierK had promised to comply with his instructions. Clarence Road Board.-At tho meeting of tho Clarence Main Road Board yesterday, it was de- cided to "sheet" a part of the road from tho Horse- shoe quarry, tho particular locality to be pointed out tu the contractor, and also to offer Mr. Maum Is. Gd. per load to blind two or threo chains of the road. In consequenco of somo of tho momhers who woro proposed as members of the sub- Board declin- ing to act in that capacity, no sub-Board was formed for the present year. Tho clerk was instructed to call for tenders for somo guttering near Mr, MoArdell's liouso. The Weather.-For some days paBt the weathor has been unusually warm, and of altogether an exceptional character, and thore has been a general desire for rain. Throughout yesterday there was a continuous heat, which was oppressive. In the evening, however, there was a thunderstorm in tbo distanco, with flashes of lightning. This was suc- ceeded by a smart showor of raiu, with indications of moro. The change was a wolcomo one. Crigket.-A match, Exoolsior«. Bellerive, is to bo played on the ground of the former, to-morrow, beginning at 2'15 sharp. Mr. Cook has kindly promised to placo a teat for the convenience of visitors. "Ghosts and Apparitions."-This is tho title of a looturo announced to bo givou bv Sir Archibald Michio, Q 0., of Molbonrno, on Monday evening uoxt, probably in tho Town Hall. Tho ohjoot of the lecture is stated to bo for Church purposes. Sir Archibald Miohie's fame as a leoturor is well known hero, and, therefore, we have littlo doubt, moro especially as the priao of admisBioa has been fixod at one shilling, that he will attraot a very large audionco. His Excollonoy Sir Henry Lefroy will preside. Catapults and Plate Glass.-The windows of iho Royal Society's Museum havo been considerably lamagcd on several occasions, by missiles dis jharged from catapults, entailing a heavy cost to ;et tho glaBB replaced. One window has been iroken twice ; and on Tunsday evoning anothor vindow was smnshod by somo larri It in. Tho plaRs s of a superior description, of about threo-oightlis if an inch in thickness. Each pane costs about £5. rho attention of tho police is to be particularly lircetod to the Museum in future Obituary.-Very general regret was expressed hroughout town on Wednesday («ays tho Examiner) vhen tho death of Mr. G. E, Cato became known, ilr. Cito was a son of Mr. S. Cato, of Now Town, i oar Hobart, and only carno to Launceston a few 'cars ago, but ho was widely known and univorsally ' iked and respected. The cause of death waa brain , over, and Mr. Cato was only confined to bed on j ¡undayjlast, and died at 2 a.m. on Wednesday ; , iis parents, who had travelled by the night train ' i rom New Town, arriving too lute te nee him »live, . i Maciazinjís 1'oii.Bor.s.-Of tho many uiagazinos now published for tho exclusive delight of boys, tho two that havo taken tho first rank nro " Tho Boy's Own Papor" and "Tho Union Jack." Tho first parts of tho now volume, in which all tho taloa com- mence, havo this day boon forwarded to us by Messrs. J. Walch and Sous, who havo just received an increased supply from the publishers. On tho first appparance of these magnzines wo heartily commended thom to our readers, and can only now say that they have moro than realised our expecta- tions as healthy and vigorous reading for boys. Courts of Revision nro lo bo held as follows : District of Glenorchy, at the Court-house, Glenorchy, on February 14 ; district of Buckingham, at tho May- pole Inn, New Town, on Friday, February l8. Tho Artillery Band is to give a promenade eoncort, in the drill-yard, on Tuesday evening next, in aid of a prize to he competed for at the regatta. The Forentors mo to celebrate their tonth anniver- sary by a trip to Eaglehawk Nook in tho Monarch, ou Monday, February 14. The programme of tho Midland Jockey Club annual meeting, to tako place on March 10, ¡h published to- day. The day of nomination is Monday, February 7. The steamer Minx is to make a pleasure trip to Oyster Cove on Tuesday next, enabling passengers to view tho works of the Oyster Útilturo Association. This evening Mr. James McClean will givo nn entertainment in St. Joseph's schoolroom, in aid of repairs to St. Peter's Hall. The programme ia ad- vertised. . The summer exhibition of the Amateurs, Gardeners, and Cottagers Horticultural Society is fixed for Thurs- day, February 3. His Excellency the Administrator of the Government will open the show nt 3 o'olock, at the Town Hall. The Wolverene Rand will play in the afternoon, and the Bifio Band in the evening. A meeting of the seatholdcrs of Trinity Church is to be held in the vestry this evening, at 7 "30. The annual meeting of St. John's] lîranch of the Church Society, announced for this evening, has been postponed till Tuesday evening noxt. The adjourned meeting of members of St. George's Parochial Association is to beheld in tho vestry this evening, nt 8 o'clock. An ordinary general meeting of the Anglo-Austra- lian Guano Company is to be held on Monday, February 7. Mr. Thomas Spurgeon will deliver an address at the Town Hall, on Sunday afternoon. 