DISINTERESTED CRITICISM. Two farmers from Green country, Michigan, who were in Milwaukee with bogs, and who were stooping at the Stock Tsrde Hotel, went to see ' Hamlet ' at the Opera Home. They sat says aa American paper, on the front seat, aad the audience noticed all through the play that they were not pleased, and when they got into a hone car after the performance, those in tbe car got a pretty good idea of what the 'Well, lige, how did it strike year said the sandy- whiskered one, as be bit off a piece of naw (ring and then handed the ping back to his friend. 'Otitdidntstrikeme. AH I want is to live to get back to the tavern sad find that rad-headed betel-keeper that told me that gUa. ChiTaWe place* ofiaavn^nentr*! sappese a plane ot amsinmiat la where a man BoaUJeiassJh. HWfaatniianiljiii ri,mf,m, ? nmlai tmW a famnd f-rrmfi-t r-f ^tt ^ytr^K^^^w^s. thrown naud on the stage. Asaafar dim1 gravel, there ia a maa is Monroe tint cudig two^rjtvestotastfenew'aoae. ItellyoeS juatmademe auk to see that poor crazy girl, Oieely. taking on aboat her fatber that Gmnet knW with a eeytbe, aad when them beys up in the loft began to cheer I felt Eke going and kidriag them downstairs, and then saym| my prayers. Any man that wDl make fan of a crazy girl ain't fit to Bve. I teO yoo I fett so bad for that girl that I wmeassed glad when the hired girl came in aad said ahe was drownded.'r^ 'Hamlet was bally. I thought,' aiid Em. 'He eowM talk 'em sD Hind, and knew more this the waste lot Lire, do yen think he was crazy r 'Crazy? No. HewassfeoL Say, Ezra, have a. little tense, now. Suppose yarn- father was dead aad yoar mother was married asaai to that fellow tbat looked BSxs.salaoo- keeper, aad eoeae ghost ahevM came howhng aroand yon, with pantB made of tm fau, a Biosqttito bar bbnfcet on, aad a ti. wash-basin on hia head, and point at yoa with a tin dianer-hont. and tell yoa tbe aalsoa-keener caught yoar father asleep oat in the aagar bash and poured pepper aaaee in his ear aad kffled him, aad told yoa tego around gnashing yonr teelh for revenge, aad —»*fa*i-r your mother baU-headed, waaMnt yea tbak it was » put-up job, and they were phyiag yes for a aaidmeT Of course you wouid, aad you would belt him one m the jaw, aad tell the ghost to go aad soak hia bead. Now. wouldn't yes f' 'Well, may be, Ugc ; bat Hasmet plsyed hs part wdl, didst he r 'Gertandy. The young man did aniea didly, eonsueriag the play he had, bat I fcaow a ecbooi-teaeber m Gseen timutij that ean write a better phty than that daring recess. Hamlet was no gentleman to treat girl the way he did. Be loved her, and she Vovei him, and then he went hack en her, and jabbed her father, and act her easy, and when he liipnimfl to stumble ea her faaeral m the granyard be wanted to get ap a. erring match With the girl', brother. .W jeaspedmto the grave en the eafia, and aet n sad pat on style aad Weak up the fsaeraL Oh, get eat I dent Bke that way ef daiag I ana ??? A amathathabBt gat no ssore saatf than that cosktat get a j* driving hog. far me. What be oagfattohave done was to marry the girl, aad aoyejnrtm Wierwjani sraaH hare asade him ?aarryaerarnayaane. Ferfaisrral eaaqsifs, ?Bsaaef ia, good pUy. bat give am Batals Bib. Weget rfhere, Ez. Wateh k k3 taw laaoioiv when wegettetaehsaac. I^ad, I cant help tfaialmg hew ria^maded mam that Hamlet treated hn matber. Why, ahe had a right to get assnasd again. ' — America* 