AMERICA. The Irish Question in America. MAGNIFICENT D E M ON STRATI OX IX BOSTON”. One of the most magnificent demonstrations of sympathy with Ireland, or with any other country, ever held in America, was seen in Bos ton oi^the evening of Friday, February the lltli. The Horton Herald, in its issue of the 12tli, ■speaking of it, says :— If the scenes presented and the eloquence uttered within Faneuil Hall last evening arc to form a criterion, it is lint just to say that the cause of the people of Ireland has found sym pathy in the hearts of her children and a large portion of the American people of this coni munitv. The occasion was a grand mass meet in”'. under the auspices of the Fund Leaguers of this city. and. besides giving expressions to the feelings of the people in Boston in sympathy with Ireland's cause, served to disabuse some people, especially Justice Fitzgerald of Lublin, who entertain the idea that Americans are in different to the interests and rights of the Irish neople. If the sympathy offered the suffering Irish in Hie old land is to be measured by the oratory, eloquence, and spirit of the occasion, it is fair "to say that the meeting successfully ac complished ’ its object. Wendell 1’hillips, the ;i champion of freedom'’and human rights, ex hibited all the tire and brilliancy of Ins elo quence. Gen. Butler, fresh from his visit to the South, never appeared to better advantage in Ids life, a fact which seemed to be fully appreci ated by the enthusiasm with which he was erected'. The remarks of his Honor Mayor Prince, Mr. ,1. Boyle O’Reilly. Rev. Dr. Miner, Hon. Charles Levi Woodbury, Hon. B. A. Collins, and E. Moody Boynton were also in keeping with the spirit1 of the meeting, and were such as might, only be expected from persons who had at heart the cause they so ably advocated. lo say that the hall was crowded but feebly de scribes the audience that gathered within its portals. By 7..’10 p.m. it was tilled to its utmost, capacity, those occupying the floor and the sides under the balconies being packed standing. The front seats in the balconies were occupied by numerous representatives of the fair sex, accompanied by gentlemen, while every available inch of standing room in the rear of them was pressed into service by a dense throng of men. eager and earnest to listen to the treat in store for them. .So crowded was the hall that, in several instances, men appeared perched on the window siils, and in every conceivable ele nation that would support a human form. Dur ing the evening Die greatest enthusiasm was manifested bv the audience. Music was fur nished by the Irish national band of this city. His Honor Mayor Prince presided, and Mr. J. Boyle O’Reilly performed the duties of secretary. On the platform and in the rows of chairs Rank ing it on either side appeared the invited guests, among them many clergymen and gentlemen prominent in professional walks of life. The Bouton Daily Globe gives a full report of the proceedings, which we somewhat abbreviate. It says :— The following vice-presidents of the meeting occupied seats on the platform :— lion. Thomas 0. Armory. Hon. E. Moody Boynton, Rev. Dr. A. A. Miner, Eben D. Jordan, Esq ; Colonel J. 1’. Jordan, of the Governor's staff : Colonel Henry Sniilli, Aldermen Woliey, Haldeman. and Flynn ; L. R. Cutter, of the Water Board ; A. .Shuman, Esq ; Jacob l’faff, Esq : Hon. Francis Thompson, and Charles Well', Esq. Among the members of the city government present were :— Councilman Devlin. Matthew Walsh, John Doherty, Rosnosky, Welch, Denney, Connell, Boyle, Daly, Rogers, Costello, Fitzpatrick, J. A. M’Lauglilin, and' M’Xamara. and Messrs. J. W. Fox and Dr. Fleming, of the School Board. The following clergymen were seated near the platform :— llevs. John Flat ley, of Canton ; M. F. Flatlcy, of 'Wakefield ; Father Scanlan, S.J. ; Father Byrne, S.J., of St. Mary’s Church, Boston ; Michael Moran, of St. Stephen's Church, Boston; and Father O’Callahan, of South Boston. Other prominent citizens present were :—■ Hons. P. A. Collins, M. J. Flatlcy, and T. J. Dacey, M. Milinore, the sculptor ; Thomas Riley, Esq.. R. J. Elat ley. Esq : Major MvDavitt, and Messrs. John Nagle, M. H. Keenan, and D. B. Casman. In beginning Ins address. Mayor nance ex plained that he came to the hall from a sick lied, and might be obliged to leave before the close of the meeting, but if he did so it would be on account of physical, not of moral, indisposition. He then continued—We have come to-night to the old hall to record our indignation for the tyranny of the British Government in arrest ing and imprisoning, without sufficient reason, that good man and true patriot, Michael Davitt. We have come to express our reprobation of the atrocious action of the British Parliament in ex pelling from its chamber—against all right and decency—Mr. Parnell and the Irish representa tives, that it might force through a law for the further oppression of the long-oppressed Irish people. We have conic here as the lit test place to show our sympathy—if we can do no more— for those who have suffered so much and so long from misgovermnent. Because of our com mon humanity we have the right to declare an indignant protest against the wrongs which have made 4,000,000 of people the most wretched on the face of the earth. lvopl, the distin guished German traveller, writing of Ireland in 1844, says: ,l I have seen the Indian in his forest, the negro in his chains, and 1 thought I beheld the lowest form of human misery ; but I did not then know the lot of Ireland. Irish misery forms a type by itself, of which there exists nowhere else either model or imitation/’ He doubted whether in the whole world a nation could be found subjected to the physical priva tions of the Irish. This was a true statement of the condition of the people in 1844. It is sub stantially a true, statement of their condition to day. All unprejudiced travellers tell the same story. The wrongs of Ireland have not been a thing of days or years, but of centuries, and I trust, not only for her sake, but for the sake of England and of humanity, that the great interest now everywhere awakened in this matter will not he permitted to subside or abate until the causes of the evil have been removed and the great question of the rights of the Irish people for ever settled. Those who understand the subject believe that the remedy is a simple one. They say that if the land tenure is changed—if the tiller of the soil can have some rights in it and he fairly treated—most of the suifering and wretchedness will he removed : that famine, which in a land of surpassing fer tility lias become periodical and chronic, will disappear ; and men will be able to earn by their labour their daily bread. There is no difficulty, moral or legal, which prevents the adjustment of this matter if t he Government has the courage to do its duty. In Prussia and other German States landowners have been required to give up privileges injurious to the community and accept indemnity therefor; and there is no reason why like remedies should not be adopted for the benefit, of the Irish people. This right of eminent domain is constantly exercised in this country for the general good, and no one disputes the propriety of so doing. Mayor ITincc then introduced Mr. John Boyle O'Reilly, who read the resolutions, which, later on, were unanimously adopted. General Butler, upon being introduced by Mayor Prince, was received with a warm out | burst of applause from the vast audience. After [ bowing his acknowledgments, and quiet had I been restored, he said : Fellow citizens—Incom ing here to express the deep feeling that every true man of whatever nationality should have deep down in his heart for the wrongs of Ireland, it may not be inappropriate for a moment if we [ sketch some few of the causes of the condition i of that unhappy land. Turn your eve back to the beginning of this century ; what was Ireland then ? While she had a government of her own by the voices of her own people, then she was I the home of science and art. Then she supplied the men that afterwards led the Parliament of England, took care of her interests in the Ministry, and not only that, gave to England the men who saved that empire on the field of Waterloo (applause). Then she was the most I prosperous country on the globe—8,0O(),()0<> of happy, industrious, people, thoroughly capable of supplying every necessary of life, and with large manufacturing industries by which other nations j became the recipients of her products. In one I generation, almost down to 1S44, the population of Ireland diminished from S.UOdOOO to about 4.000.000—T speak in round numbers—one-lialf— more by a third than the whole population of this country when we achieved our liberty against the empire of Great Britain—who had to leave or die of starvation ; and Ireland, the most fruitful of lands, where the earth yielded the best 1 reward to the agriculturist, had from these shores, by the ship-of-war Macedonian, the charity of this nation in large amounts to save the poor people from starvation, which was not their fault, but their great misfortune (applause). That is the result of English rule in one genera tion—first depopulated the country, and beg gared all the rest (laughter and applause.) 1 speak advisedly ; because in succeeding genera tions all the estates of the landlords had to go for taxes, the people being starving, and they were sold to a still more and more grinding set of men ; and now we see that within the year we in America have had to put our hands in our pockets. America has had to put her hands in her pockets to send relief again to Ireland. Referring to the right of the Irish members to insist on full consideration being given to every question in the House of Commons, General Butler said that Parliamentary right the representatives of Ireland in the British House of Commons took advantage of. No man says to-day in England that they did not use these Parliamentary rights, And when it was found that they held the Parliament of England, as they had a right to hold the Parliament of England, until the attention and judgment of the country could he aroused, then an act of power in that Parliament, which has not been equalled since Cromwell, turned them all out. They turned out the Irish members for exercising their constitutional rights. Oh, what a spectacle the great, proud English nation presents this day and this hour 1 (Laughter.) General Butler then proceeded to ridicule the State prosecutions and to announce the arrest of Michael Bavitt, about whom he said—Me joined with the lovers of liberty in this country, but he was far behind them ail in anything like harsh or severe language in his speeches, lie was far behind them all in the advocacy of anything like force | at any time. He was counselling the frish people everywhere, "‘Wait, be quiet, don’t break the law ; don’t hurt anybody as you don’t want | to be hurt ; don't use "your power against the I defenceless, even though they are offending”; and his voice, Michael Davitt's voice, was potent everywhere for good (prolonged applause). No man doubts that. In violation of a nation’s plighted faith, in violation of the understanding with which lie returned from this country to Ireland, that unless he broke the law he should be there as a citizen, in violation of every principle of national honour and national rectitude, after the jury of whom I have been speaking had 'declared that much more violent words than his were no offence against tiic law — he had not violated his ticket of leave, as it is called —he was seized and hurried to prison upon the warrant of a magistrate. For what.’ For crime.’ Oh. no. Simply lie cause they had the power to do that without trial. They tried half a dozen men and could not send them to prison, and then the English Government tried their hand in sending a sick man to prison without a trial. And the fact that he was in prison, his life ebbing away, was received with, a yell of triumph among the mob of British gentlemen who form the House of Commons. ' Whv. that yell in Ireland would have been sedition (laughter). Any disturbance like that would not have been permitted : it would have been prison or the next door to prison. Then, after Michael Davitt, the peace maker, was in prison, and Parnell, the leader, was out of the House of Commons, they go to work to pass what sort of a law ? A law which 1 undertake to say cannot find its parallel in any civilised country. Let me sketch it to you. You. hear of the coercion bill ; you may not have ex amined its provisions. To bring it down to Hie shortest terms, it is this : that the Lord-Lieu tenant of Ireland, or any other 'governor for the time being, or his secretary as governor, shall by his order seize upon any man and put him into prison and hold him there for ever, so far as he is concerned, without trial and without hearing, and without bail (hisses). Now, then, for whatFor anything that the Lord-Lieutenant deems to have been done wrong by that man hereafter or hereto fore, (luring all the term of his life—a retro active law—nay. it was allowing every man in Ireland to be caught and imprisoned simply when the Lord-Lieutenant says that he desires to have him imprisoned ; and that is the whole of the remedy for Ireland—starvation for all and imprisonment for the rest (laughter). Well, I must repeat again, in closing these remarks, that this position of England she cannot maintain (prolonged applause). Mr. John Boyle O’Reilly at this point read several letters of regret from prominent Ameri can citizens who were unable to attend. Wendell Phillips was next introduced, and he was received amidst thunders of applause, lie spoke as follows :—Mr. Chairman—some re marks have been made by the press as to the right and propriety of such meetings as this ex pressing their opinion on the Irish question. People warn us that the Government is on terms of friendship with the English (iovernment and we must not mar the cordial intent which pre vails between the two Governments. Well, I think this throwing the Government across our path mistakes the country and the age. There was a time when the Government was every thing and the people nothing (laughter). And at that time for a government or any national element whatever to express an opinion inimical to a Stale at peace might have been contrary to propriety, but things have changed since then (greater laughter and applause.) We are the people, and the Government, is only a necessary nuisance (renewed laughter.) We allow its ex istence as a convenient agency to discharge certain duties, it is almost as important in these United States as the railroad interest or any other great function that serves the people, but: below and above and outside of that little thing called the government are the '>0,000,000 of American people (cheers and applause), and we claim the right in spite of the Government to have an opinion (applause and cries of “Good, good”). And when great evils, hidious oppres sion, whether in our neighbourhood or on the other side of the ocean, arc straggling to right themselves, who shall say that a body which only takes cave ot a lew or our material interests is to fling itself across our path and claim that our sympathies are not to run out to that strug gling people, plundered and outraged in every right (applause) ! I have a great respect for the Government when it docs its duly (laughter), hut there is one great duty which it cannot do, and this is my duty as a man to sympathise with another man anywhere in the globe who is wronged (applause). Hence I take no stock in the easy ami natural objection that the people in Faneuil Hall assembled have no rigid to ex press their sentiments on a great fact. Times have changed since those old days. Fifteen million of newspapers are printed every day, and they fall in the laps of fifteen millions of people that read and think, and those lift con millions of people and journals, and lift ecu millions of ideas and principles fostered by their discussion, arc the fulcrum, the lever, that keeps civilisation moving (applause.) Now, therefore, I sec no obstacle in the way. On the contrary, the very nature of ci vilisation itself calls me to express an opinion on a great, hideous, and long-continued wrong inflicted on a people that looks to us for sympathy. Accordingly, 1 came down here as an American citizen, under the proper roof to rebuke the tyrant (cheers). This Irish question has been the great trouble, the riddle of English politics for more than a hundred years. No man could solve it, and no man could get rid of it. It resembles in many points the slave question forty years ago, of which Thomas Jefferson said: ,l The slave question is a trouble winch is correctly represented by a wolf. We hold him by the ears, and we can neither hold him nor let him go” (laughter). So of the Irish question. England bolds it by the ears, but she can neither hold on nor let go. That is the trouble ; and it is aggravated to-day ; keenly, intensely aggra vated by the circlin’stances of the times. To-day ts a great epoch in civilisation. It is one of those great convulsions which, like the discovery of America, revolutionises the face of the world. It is a much larger change than the discovery of (California, which unsettled the commerce of a nation. It is a great epoch, and the waves of civilisation are beating against the foundations of the English aristocracy. The pivotal idea of property is the basis of the English State to-day. They do not care how many men emigrate, pro vided the social prestige of the landholder is maintained. Well, now science has constructed rivers that run from Dakota and Illinois into lloston harbour, and they empty the wheat of that great plateau into our waters, and then science takes them in its hand, and the steam boat places them almost in a fabulously short time in the harbour of Liverpool. What is the consequence ? Dakota competes with Yorkshire face to face, and hand to hand. An acre in Dakota is worth perhaps 10 or 15 dollars ; in Yorkshire it is worth perhaps 2 )0 dollars. Well, the prices have got to come down in Yorkshire and to go up in Dakota, and that takes the river out of the land system of England (cries of " Good, good”). Ilere is a man with £100,000 income, but he is the father of a family, all having their claims upon his estate, and the dowager widow has a claim. When you take out all these claims there is not more than £20,000 left for him, and when you say to him, “ You must reduce your rents one fifth,” then he says, “ I am a pauper.” Now, this is nobody’s fault, but in a certain sense is somebody’s fault. England did it. •• She means,” as Edmnd liurke says. “ to take the Irish race and banish it,” and she has so far succeeded that there is a more populous Ireland here than there is on the other side of the water (cheers and cries of “hear, hear”). There is more Irish blood in these fifty States than looks up to the throne of Victoria (cheers). And that is in consequence of a system that designedly banished the Irish. Who built those rivers that empty into Boston harbour ? Who laid those iron rails, and who through painful and often disastrous toil moved slowly along the line .’ Irishmen. 'Their graves mark the way all along the line to the plateau of middle America, and when England held the poisoned cup of compulsory emigration to your lips, and when you came here and built those iron roads, Pro vidence doubly poisoned that- cup and demanded it back for her to drink (tremendous applause). This is the providential retribution which Heaven in one generation has given England, and has given her back a fitting punishment for her crime (applause). Well, now, Ireland rises and claims a change in her land tenure. If she were anchored in Massachusetts Bay to-night she might have it. Her great crime is that she s so near England. You can almost see her from Liverpool, and the logic is too keen and close, for what is good for Ireland is good fer tile farmers of Yorkshire, and that is the logic England does not intend to meet (laughter). This question is anchored in the nineteenth cen tury, and is the mistake of the century. It does not belong here ; it belongs a hun dred years ago. Tn 1792 France changed her land system ; she crumbled her vast system from being in the hands of the nobles, and there by made her land a great democracy. She broke up that system of aristocracy, and gave the land to the keeping of 15,000",000 farmers. She married the energy and all the possibilities of which man is capable to the soil. He gets out of it all that can possibly be pro duced, and the consequence is that she is a leading nation of the earth. Well, Prus sia has done the same thing. In 1858 the far-sighted Emperor said the nobles must sell their land, and in a single generation he has taken his country from a second- rate nation and put it in the front rank. Marrying the people to the land—that is what Parnell asks for. Ireland, a fifth as large as France, is owned by how many people ! Instead of 1,200,000, the land is owned by 12,000 persons. Of course she does not belong to this century. She is a nuisance. She is in the way of eivilisa tion. She checks the onward waves, and Parnell says. “ We must change this system. It has lasted too long.” Parnell said: “Every ten years we have called upon the world to come and aid us—to come and give food to the farmer. He had enough if he could eat it, but he had first to pay the rent to the. landlord, and there was nothing left for him. But,” said he, “ that thing has got to stop.” The Land Leaguers of Ireland said : “ "We cannot call on the world in cossautiy tor money tnat reauy goes to pay me landlioltler liis rent. Wo cannot go on false pretences, and say to the world. ‘ Ireland does not produce enough to feed its people.’ It is a lie.” What is Gladstone doing by bringing his coercion bill ? lie is simply creating an opinion in an age ruled by ideas that will right Ireland, which is travelling carefully in the tracks which O’Connell left (applause). O'Connell, to whom constitutional government owed the discovery that human nature itself is the most powerful element in the world ; not education, not wealth, not birth, but human nature, when you mass it up and pour it out in one great thunderbolt. Wilberforee said, “ I must have the Church'’ ; Cobden said, “ I must have the middle classes or wealth” ; but O’Connell said, "I will take these human beings—3,000, OOOof hearts—poverty stricken, broken hearted, quarrelsome if you like ! —and if f can unite them 1 will pour out a note that will strike England to its centre.” That is what Parnell is endeavouring to get. It is no matter whether the blow came from the Saxon or the Celt. He simply says : “ Can you bear the sight.?” What is ’Gladstone's reply? He sends Ins 150,000 troops into Ireland. Well, now, you cannot shoot an idea. It is impossible (laughter and applause). Parnell is only a man, 5 feet 9 inches, but he is an idea, as he stands in front of Ireland and he cannot be shot. If he should die to-morrow there would be another man with another name who would represent the idea (applause). Now, the idea of force— of sending 80,000 troops to Ireland in such an emergency as this—a great national epoch, a great wave of civilisation—why, statesmanship should calmly look down upon it and arrange for it, and plan to meet it, and to lift the race higher instead of stupidly trying to coerce them. Mi-. Gladstone docs not understand his time when he sends troops to Ire-, land. There is an old French proverb,. “ You can do almost anything with a bayo net except sit on it ; that you cannot do ” (laughter). Now, if Mr. Gladstone imagines that he can rest a government on bayonets in the year 1881, he is mistaken, and the conse quence is that he is endeavouring to hold this wolf, while he cannot do it, and he cannot let it go either, lie indicted those men, and he most undoubtedly must have bribed that jury to dis agree, for the worst thing in the world which he could have done was to have that jury agree (laughter). And it was a most providential godsend. He probably slept sounder that night than he had slept: for ninety days before (laughter). But having tried them he goes down to Michael Davitt and hunts up an old record, when he cannot get a new one, and puts him into jail (hisses). Well, George the Third fancied once a hundred years ago that when he proclaimed that everybody in Massachusetts Bay should be pardoned except John Adams and John Hancock he punished them. He immor talised them by that act, and I can imagine them every Christmas morning going down to George the Third’s ghost to thank him for his act (applause and laughter). Michael Davitt’s name will never die. Gladstone made it immortal—‘‘ One of the few, the immortal names that were not born to die ”—and sacred in the memory of Ireland and the constitutional history of the world as the man foremost amongst those against whom a thunderbolt of tyranny was launched (applause). Parnell says to England, almost repeating Edmund Burke’s words in 1778 and 1782, "Meet Ireland half way.” If Gladstone had brought in his Land Bill first and said, " If that don’t create quiet 1 will bring in the Coercion Bill afterwards,” 1 should have said he was a statesman. Glad stone says we will take Ireland and wring her neck, and then if she has anything to say' she may say it. Well, what shall we do in the cir cumstances ? Why, this we can do. There are on this side as many Irish-born men as there are on the other side of the ocean, and it would be idle to deny that because they have been forced to leave Ireland they have no right to take interest in the fate of those that were left behind. “England’s agony is Ireland’s oppor tunity.” Pour upon England an incessant hail storm of indignation, and protest against the measures which she is ripening to hold Ireland in chains (applause). Let Parnell and those other members that have been exiled from tho Ilouse of Commons feel the heart- beating pulse behind them of the 10,000,000 of Irish on this, side of the water (applause). I am glad to have a thermometer to measure how high the sym pathy' with Ireland is rising. I know that when England deserts all her constitutional principles, when s’ne revolutionises the House of Commons, that she must be in a sad plight. When she wipes out all these, Ireland must be an omni potence which assails her (applause). If Mr. Parnell should visit America we will .lift him on our heads, as he is not only 1 reland’s represen tative, but also the representative of constitu tional effort in the nineteenth century (ap plause). At the close, or the address three cheers were £iveu for Mr. Phillips. The Rev. Dr. Miner and the Hon. Charles Levi Woodbury, then addressed the meeting. In response to urgent and oft-repeated calls, Hon. P. A. Collins next came forward and briefly responded to an enthusiastic reception. " This is the answer of .Poston, of Faneuil Hall,” said he, “ to the statement recently made from 1hc Irish bench, that the American people and descendants of irishmen in America are indiffer ent or hostile to the cause of Ireland. It is fitting that it should come from a meeting of Bostonians, presided overby the chief magis trate of the city, and that sentiments of sym pathy for Ireland and shame for England should be pronounced by so eloquent and distinguished gentlemen as have spoken. This is not simply an Irish movement, but a movement in the interests of justice, truth, human rights, and the civilisation of the nineteenth century. What is happening in Ireland to-day is to happen in England and Scotland to-morrow, and this the British Government knows and dreads. We have faith in the men who are the leaders of public opinion in Ireland, for under their guidance she has advanced further on the road to progress towards liberty and a higher civil isation in two years past than in fifty years pre vious. I disdain to argue or discuss the question of whether Ireland has not the right to select her own instruments and leaders. Five million people, sorely afflicted with oppression and starvation, have placed confidence in Charles Stewart Parnell, and I prefer their judgment to that of a man writing in a Court-street attic as to what is best for Ireland in this day and gen eration. When the Irish people move we will move with them in solid front, and the leaders who have accomplished so much for their country in the past eighteen months vve will follow.” A hearty endorsement of Mr. Collins's sentiments was manifested by flic meeting, especially upon his references to Mr. Parnell. The demonstration was then closed by Hon. E. Moody Eoynton, who, in his most polished manner, expressed sympathy with the cause of struggling Ireland, and predicted a glorious future of liberty for the ever green isle. This conclnded the speeches, and to appro pi iate national airs from the band the gathering slowly dispersed. 