|]mmiitcnt fcflpkg* ENLARGEMENT OF THE "ADVOCATE. Four pages hare been added to the size of the Advocate this week, and this enlargement •will be permanent, For some time the claims on our space have been outgrowing the size of the paper, and it was therefore resolved, in the Interests of our readers, to give a .largely increased quantity of reading matter. But we could not do this had there been no increase in the circulation of the journal. However anxious newspaper proprietors may be to promote the interests they advocate, their efforts, at least in one direction, must in some measure be proportionate to the amount of encouragement received. If there were no bounds to their enterprise, and their expenditure exceeded their present or probable receipts the end of their career could not be far distant. For some time past we have much desired that circumstances would justify us in enlarging the paper, and we have not delayed that improvement a week beyond the time it could be prudently effected. The Advocate has received an enlarged measure of support lately, and or our part we most readily and gladly correspond with the increasing good will of that section of the community, amongst •whom the paper circulates. And thus we shall act on all occasions of the land, for it is not leBS a pleasure than it is an advantage to us to generously reciprocate the favours of our supporters. This is the fourth time in the life of the paper—now thirteen years old—it has been enlarged, and if our subscribers will look to the history of any other! journal in Victoria they will find that its size has not been increased so frequently or so much, though the other weekly journals have each a circle of readers and advertisers much larger than the Advocate numbers. It has been -our aim from the birth of the paper in February, 1868, to improve it as rapidly and as much as possible, and everyone who remembers it in its original form and is acquainted with its career must acknowledge that we have eagerly. seized the opportunities that offered for realising that intention, both with regard to the literary qualities and the size of the journal. There are other subjects on which, without egotism, we might touch on this occasion, but we shall avoid doing so, being persuaded that when a journal is properly conducted it is altogether unnecessary either to allude to its management or claim any credit for it. Its readers are the best judges on points of the kind, and ws have the best possible assurance that the opinion of our readers is in our favour, as their number is increasing. For this we are grateful; and their growing favour will be an encouragement to us to persevere in our efforts to still further \- improve the paper. The standard under OUR colours, which every Catholic •hould fight is that tinder which Constantino fought and conquered, but, as every regiment has its own colours, so may each separate division of our army have its own flag. That division which is now at the front and in the thick of the fight maybe distinguished as .'educational, and in its ranks are some Soldiers who are very young indeed, but are inspired with great zeal, and /With that great strength which the . recently received and unforfeited gifts \- of the Holy Ghost confer. The strongest 'entrenchments of these young warriors are in our convent schools, and there we ' naturally look for the most admirable ' exhibition of allegiance and courage. .And looking for such virtues there, we are not disappointed. These are the i schools which are producing the men and women who will leaven Catholic • eooietv • with the beat influences of t a religious character. Here now are the ^children' who are such as children should -be in the sight of God, His Immaculate Mother,' their parents, and society; and 'it is only fitting that, as a brave and "j^ack little army, they should have their! ^colo^rs. In one instance, at least;'they! ,—aye selected'one which is a beautiful of a beautiful truth, and,'as a' 1 allegory, is most expressive. IJftlp ^ bheB under the charge of Merey . ;.yjBre j,yeiy, prpperly., :<;inarah?Ied on Sunday. ffiStyodmifiit interested than. they in ihe fclmpoiftaiui \ iprooeedings of the rday P ,93tWw0*e dwijily conoerned> in what w&a; i&tfino; <«fi?«H!d'tbe iOhuroh itself mil be the representation W ing child to Heaven, . and in this •simple' picture we "have the holy and enduring influences of a sound Catholic education beautifully reresented. This is the colour of the young brigade; it is a beautiful one in every respect, and we are informed that it is to wave in the breeze on all similar important occasions as a mute profession of Catholic principles on the Education Question, and of faith in their efficacy. A penny is not much; •here is my but little can be done with it. Yet there is PENNY." a tale attaching to our brief quotation, and one that may.be turned to good account if people would only act on the truth that pence make shillings and shillings pounds. It is an excellent feature in the training of children to accustom them to recognise the claims of religion and charity, and to give to good objects. That teachiug was put in practice on Sunday last, when every child, without exception, attending the schools of the Convent of Mercy, Nicholson-street, contributed more or less towards effacing the debt on the new building. Little children are apt to be overlooked in a crowd, and they are not likely to receive much attention when grave and respectable representative gentlemen are moving about with salvers in hand, on which they expect cheques, notes, and gold to fall as plentifully as rain-drops. This was the painful experience of a wee little creature at the ceremony of Sunday last. She had a penny to give, and no one seemed to care for her or her penny. She and it were neglected, but she did not bear the slight patiently—though by doing so her penny would have remained with her, and a penny to her is wealth. She had brought her riches for the fund, and commanded attention by running after a collector and exclaiming : " Here is my penny 1" The small copper coin was dropped on the plate among the silver, the notes, the gold, and the cheques, and if the return of the amount received were accurate to a penny, it would afford circumstantial evidence of the fact. The penny will not go far in reducing the debt of £3000. It is lost in the £160 received, its identification being impossible. But, for all that, it teaches a lesson. It constitutes a wholesome example, and suggests that parents, even though they bo poor, may partly acquit themselves of an unavoidable obligation by contributing pence to the education fund, through their children, regularly or frequently. A penny is second next to nothing; but the largest sum we can count is but a multiplication of pennies. Train the child to give, and he will be the better for it, and his parents none the worse for it. Tee refusal of THE IRISH NATIONAL the tenant farmers of Ireland to accept LAND LEAGUE AGITATION. a half measure must be gratifying to their countrymen in Australia. The Irish people, led by the Land League and the Irish hierarchy, are the beat judges of what the country needs. ' It is time that the British Government found out that no' measure will be acceptable to the Irish people that does not Becure to the tiller of the soil the first- fruits of his labour. The great things predicted of the present -Land Aot were also expected from the Aot of 1870, but we find that more evictions took place under the latter than under any other measure within'the same period. The' determined stand Mr. Parnell and hid colleagues have taken is an encouragement to keep alive the agitation here and elsewhere. During the inobth several enthusiastic demonstrations have taken place in Victoria. Last week one of. these wae heid'ajt Geelong, presided over by the chief magistrate of the city. On Monday and Tuesday of the present week Mr. Walshe attended two very successful meetings in the North-eastern district. The . firstof these was held at Benalla, the other at Wangaratta, and at each the respected pastor .Of the district attended. Fathers Davy and Egari practically evinced their sympathy with the hiWetaent. The -representative of the Land League will shortly vistt: South Australia,apd we believe ^it is his 'intention to t return to Victoria attend- AnyJ meetings ' for wbj6h,arri i" r:> «•! , ••J ~!l.-!nii sili jl" ' '.nilll ,lil;l< 1 f-idm-m >etOMMKi)Dif- jkw Itli'hV? .lh e L Imiasaa^iwnwtJaf^b'oijying^p (iiiif>oi(rtureiof •2few- JSouth iollowing- Slt^^aibaieasure^ If any young male person under ot apparently under the age of 14, but above seven years, ahall, in any Street or jmblic place, and in company with any other person, be guilty of an assault, or shall, Whether alone or in company, use therein any obscene or filthy language, or any insulting language or gesture calculated to provoke a breach of the peace, or shall maliciously or Wantonly destroy or damage, or attempt to destroy or damage, any growing tree, shrub, or plant in any park or garden, or shall steal any fruit, or vegetable, or flower therein, or shall, in any street or public place, throw any stone or missile so as to endanger the safety of any person, he shall be liable to immediate apprehension by any oonstable or householder; and, on conviction before two justices, to be once privately whipped, at a time and place to be fixed by the justices, such time being not less than six or more than 48 hours after conviction, during which time the offender shall remain in custody. And any young male person above, or apparently above, the age of 14 years, but under or apparently under the age of 20 years, who shall commit any of the offences specified in thiB section shall be liable to apprehension, and on conviction to be privately whipped and otherwise dealt with J as in the case of a young person under, or apparently under, 14. Provided that in the case of persons under, or apparently under, 14, the number of strokes shall not exceed 18, but in the case of persons above, or apparently above, that age, the number of strokes shall not be less than 12, nor more than 25, the number of strokes in each case to be fixed by the adjudicating justices. These clauses are altogether opposed to what is said to be the modern tendency of legislation. If adopted, they would most decidedly be a backward step, and an acknowledgment on the very highest authority that the youth of the present day are much more vicious than those of the preceding generation, in whose time the law became much more mild and merciful than it was when a man was hanged for stealing a sheep. We shall not discuss in this instance whether it is either necessary or wise to introduce the whip for juvenile offenders and the lash for larrikins. We shall but briefly say that it would be a monstrous outrage for anyone but a parent or a teacher to whip a lad for some of the trivial offences mentioned in the above recital. Punishment of the kind at the hands of a public flagellator would inflict an undeserved degradation on the youth, and would be a gross insult to his parents and family. It would not improve, but injure, the peccant lad, and it would be a humiliation to his parents, to which, for so slight a cause, they should not be subjected. But our object at present is to point out that there' must be some active cause for the .deterioration in the character of the youth of the present day. And what is it P If they are so vicious and disorderly that the law must be made more severe to meet their case, what is the cause of this ? Neither the Church nor the sects have abated their efforts to impress good principles on the minds of both parents and children. There has been no relaxation of the religious effort, but it has been compulsorily confined within narrower limits. Opportunities for its exercise have been abridged in the case of youth, and we find both boys and girls more unmanageable than they were when there was no such obstruction to religious training. Have we not here, then, the relations of cause and effect? We have given less religion than formerly, and, as a consequence, it is found necessary to propose that a corrective shall be substituted for the preventive—that the birch and the lash shall be used to make up for the deficiency in the religious and moral instruction. To this we have already come, and we have not yet seen either the end or the worst of it. 