Eyes and Ears. BY TROLLOPE'S MAGPIE. Possy and I were roaming about the other night in a township not a hundred miles from Gawler. The moon shone so bright that I could see without difficulty—indeed, it was almost too light for Possy. His illness has made hiin weak in sight as well as body. He docs not move so nimbly, and his tail has lost some of its prehensibilifcy. That's a long word, but it's one I learnt from Trollope. He could use fine words when be liked, if he liked. Possy, -when he came out of his hole, wanted a swing, and spite of my warning, toould suspend himself by his tail. The consequence was that he fell, and if a bough had not been near, would have dropped into the jaws of a dog that was barking hungrily underneath. Well, we started on a voyage of discovery, and Possy wanted to go to the street. I wanted to go the other way, but I gave in to hiin, seeing he was sick. Well, we were attracted by souuds of music. Most beautifully did it come through the still air. Fresh young maidens' voices, aud the deep bass of men. Off Possy scampered, and I kept him company, skimming the ground in n.y flight. We got to the place at last, and I flew to an open window, Possy scratching up after me. His nails have grown so long since his sickness that they made such a noise, and I was afraid some of the boys would see us. They did not, and we settled for the concert, as we thought. Thestn^ag however finish id, and there was a go >d deal of tilkee. One gentlemen, he looked like a parson, was talking about a kitten. Hi sai I a littl; girl had a kitten, and she called it her Episcopalian kitten while it was blind, but when it could see her Baptist kitten. "Oh," sail Possy, " that's rather rough on the chairman, for don't yoa see who he is ? He's the great M.P. (D ), aud he's a stanch Episcopalian." " Well," said I, "it is rough, but it's only meant for a joke and to get the steam up." " Never mind," said Possy, " if he don't give them something in return, take my skin aud make it into a lady's muff." I looked at Possy, but I did not say what I thought—that his fur was too rough and bare in patches to be any good, so I merely said, " Well, I dare say he will if he get's the chance." " No fear but he'll get the chance; he'll make one," grunted Possy. While we were talking some more singing and speechiug had being going on, and then the great M.P. (D ) was to have the last words. Very nicely he complimented the speakers, and told them how much he was interested, more especially the one who owned the kitten. He said this latter gentleman had opened his eyes and taught him something, so that whenever he saw a niau with his eyes p irticularlg iri le opan, he should know him for a Biptist. At this Possy gave a roar, an-1 fell from his place right among the dogs. He picked himself up, however, and we were soon scud ling away as fast as we could for laughing. Fie, fie, boys, hobbledehoys, young men, or whatever you call yourselves. If you are young men behave as such. Ah, ah ! E. H., I have got my eye upon you. I saw you kick that little boy the other day. For shame! You in an office, too! Perhaps you have not yet forgotten the schoolmaster's strap—the marks are not gone yet —aud you are revenging yourself on those who can't resent it. For shame ! be more manly. Help aud protect those weaker than yourself, and then we shall believe you are a man, though your whiskers are not yet grown. I don't like graveyar.ls, as a rule. There's something melancholy and repulsive about theni to me. They remind me of death. I don't like to see a dead magpie. There he lies, stiff, with his feathers rumpled, and his eyes closed. Perhaps the ants are ri! lining over him, and devouring him, aud many of his once bright feathers are scattered about dim aud lustreless. I was iii the Old Cemetery the other day. I had bsen taking a flight round Church Hill, and coming down by Dawson's Mill rested a moment on the top of MclCinlay's monument. I looked below me on a scene of desolation. For a nearer view I flew down iuto a thick tree. 11 alow me was a fenced-in plot of ground. The iron fence had once some pretention to respectability. Now it was rusted, the gate burst open, and cattle or goats, or something had evid ;ntly camped there. " Ah," I said, " what a cha lge a few short years makes in our feelings! I suppose once this place was well tended, and tearful eyes would periodically gaze upon the earth that covers the renvims of a loved one." " Well. it won't do to be always niouniiiiir, or we should get s'.ieh an accumulate'! loud of grief that we could not survive." It w.is the voice of Possy, lie hail been in the tree; all the tiuie. M Why, Possy, ho;r di l you come here ? But don't it seem a shame that the place should be in such a condition ?" " You are right there," grunted Possy, " around us are laid the pioneers of Gawler, those who endured the first brunt of the battle, who with difficulty established the town, and perhaps laid the foundations of fortunes which their successors are now enjoying." " Look at this grave, and this,"said I; "look at this fence tumbling to pieces, aud these nameless graves all trodden over aud despised." "See," said Possy, "there is one respectable person buried here. Here is a squire. At least the stone tells us so, and here is a solitary rose bush. But don't it seem a shame that the place should look so desolate, and right in the heart of the town, too. I wonder the ghosts of the departed don't haunt the couucil till they make it look decent." "Yes, the council should reverently guard the graves of the early settlers," replied I. " See, Possy," I continued, "there are a few whose memories are green. There are some graves that are tended, and a few headstones that are renewed." " For all that," answered Possy, " as a whole the place lias a truly desolate aud forgotten appearance, and it's a disgrace to the town." With that I flew away, a little rubbishing boy, whom I have often seen, aud whose master will give him the strap for it, throwing a stone at me as I went. Throw Ca(i)re to the winds, I'll none of it. So Caire says he has caught my cousin. Much good may it do him. He's caught a tartar if he has, and will soen be glad to get rid of her. He says that I say his goods are both cheap and good. What's it to him what I say. I'm out of friends with him. I used to fly into his shop aud look around at his goods, and admire the beautiful colors; but I don't kuow that I shall go there again, especially if he has caught my cousin. She's so spiteful. C did not treat me well. One day I was just tasting some beautiful cheese on his counter, aud had only one bright little brooch tucked under my wing to examine at my leisure, when he threw a jug at me, and nearly knocked me over. His things are cheap and good, but he must a jologise before I call on him a rain. THE EASTER HOLIDAYS.—Gawler, so far as has reached onr ears, will be pretty quiet during the holidays. On Good Friday the annual picuic in connection with the Baptist Church Sunday-school will take place, aud on Monday the Wesleyau aud Church of Eiiglaud Sunday- school pienics are also held. At Wflliamstowu a cnueert is to be given on Easter Monday in aid of the organ fuud for the Church of England in that place, and at which Mr. Stewart and his talented young daughters will assist. At Angaston there will be held a grand fete on that day, for which a good programme of sports is provided. THE VOLUNTEERS.—We are informed that some members of the South Australian Rifle Association intend bo march from Adelaide to a camp somewhere in the neighborhood of Williamstown. They will pass through Oawler on Easter Suuday, and camp for the night on the slopes in the neighborhood. THE GAWLER WATER-WORKS.—The formation of the reservoir in connexion with these works has been let to Messrs. Fry Brothers for the sum of £1„61S. It has been known for some time that the tender had been accepted. The delay in the commencement of the works, aud the number of nucmployed led the mayor to communicate with the Hon. F. Basedow, and request him to urge on the work, lie has received a reply to his communication, to the effect that as soon as the negotations for the ground are completed. The works will be at once commenced. ANOSYMOCT DONATION TO THE POOR.—The Mayor (Mr. H. Dean) has informed us that he has received another £1 pound note from the same anonymous source us that last notified. The manner in which it is sent doubles the value of the gift. Mr. Dean will have no difficulty in disposing of it, as there is unfortunately too much distress in the towu. VALUELESS CHEQUES.—In the police courton Monday a man named Campbell was committed for trial for issuiug valueless cheques. It appears that he is au old offender, and has only recently served his time for the same offence. In addition to the two charges on which he was committed t'aere would have been another probably, only the cheque was destroyed. It appears that while he was at Gawler Belt he purchased a horse for £33 from a drover, giving his cheque for it. Fortunately, however, the man did not part with his horse until the cheque should be cashed. . Mr. Wall, who cauie iuto Gawler to present the cheques he had already taken, also brought in the one for £36. Ot course it was refused. On returning to Gawler Belt he returned the man his cheque, and it was destroyed. COLLISION. — On Saturday a collision occurred in Kiug-street between a German waggcu aud a spring-cart, whereby the offwheel of the latter was completely smashed, and its driver thrown out. It appears that the waggon was standing at Dawson's Mill, and was in process of being unloaded. One trace of each horse was uuhitcted in order to prevent any premature start. Toe owner was standing in the waggon unloading the wheat, when the noise made by the horses in a wood cart drawing on the weighbridge startled the horses, and before the owner could do anything they had started, throwing him and the bag of wheat lie was holding out at the back. The animals proceeded at a rapid rate until they neared opposite Lampey's store. Here they were met by the spring-cart mentioned above, and the collision took place. The driver of the cart when thrown out fell upon his shoulder, which was seriously injured. OCIT RAILWAY REQUIREMENTS. —We are glad to find that we are likely to h ive horseposts placed at the railway station for the accommodation of persons who have traps or horses waiting the arrival of trains. We trust, too, that our other requirement—a ladies' compartment to each train—will be speedily granted. Attached to each traiu there are special carriages for smoking for men in each class. Surely our female friends should not be entirely neglected. A single compartment in a second-class carriage would be sufficient to meet all present requirements, and it is not much to ask. We intend to persistently urge the matter until the waut is supplied. THE YATALA ELECTION. — OI Monday evening Mr. Gilbert addr.»S:»l the elecini'a at Hedbanks. A motion w:n cirriel in his favor. Til ere were abujt thirty persaua present. UNWELCOME VISITORS. — In our police Court news the name of Kate O'Brien, alias Flyn, appears as having been fined 10s. for druukeuuess. The flue was paid at once witb a sovereign. Corporal McKeevor, who was standing by, had his attention drawn by Constable Keating to some cheques iu the book from which she drew the coin, aud knowing that she was not the class of women to possess much money, at once removed her to the charge room aud examined the book. He there found a bank order, made payable iu Loudon to W. Cochram for the sum of £G0, five sovereigns, and 10s. The pocket book in which the money was found had also the name of W. Cocliram in it, Believing the prisoner, who is a young woman, to be a bail character, she was again brought before Mr. Hawkea, and remanded on suspicion till next day. In the meantime the police being on the alert, arrested at the house of Annie Little, on Church Hill, two men, W. Booner and John Reid, companions of the girl. SiloS jquuitly other articles belonging to the three were discovered at the railway station. The woman and two men were forwarded to town ou Tuesday evening on suspicion of robbery. Great praise is due to the police for their prompt action. THE PRESBYTERIAN ORGAXIST.—Mr. Caire, who has officiated as orgauist at the Presbyterian Church, Gawler, for the past nine mouths, has resigned that positiou, giving the committee three mouths' uotice. Mr. Caire finds himself compelled to this course, as the application to his duties separates him so much from his family, and occupies the leisure time that he feels ought to be devoted to them. THE LOYAL ATHENIAN LODRE, I.O.O.F.— We notice that the meeting of this lodge, which falls on Easter Monday, is postponed to Tuesday, the 19th inst. ANOTHER FOOTBRIDGE WANTED. —It woul i be a great convenience to many parties were there auother footbridge erected over the North Para. There is a long stretch of river f.om the southo.-u footbridge to tiie Willaston bridge, and in flood times, aud while the river is running, persons desiring to cross have a loug round to make. To those who live midway between the two bridges, the erection of a new one about half-way would be a great boon. THE WEATHER.—After a few days of delightful weather, a change came on Tuesday, and one of those disagreeable dust storms which occasionally visit Gawler occurred. Towards evening, however, the wind calmed down, and the weather became pleasant a'ld the sky overcast. During the night and following day a good drop of rain fell. KICKED AGAIN.—Truly, Mr. Mortimer seeins to have fallen upon uufortunate times. Only last week we had to record the fact of his being kicked by a filly, and now we are sorry to have to state that he has been again kicked by the same beast. It appears that on Sunday, as he was going to let the filly with other horses out to drink, passing too cl"S± to her heels, she let out and caught him on the leg just above the ankle. The tilley was newly shod, and the blow a smart one, cutting the leg, and driving the flesh quite in. Fortunately no bones were broken. THE NORTHERN TERRITORY.—We have received our tiles of the Northern Territory Times. They contain no very startling news. For the months January, February, and March there is scarcely any mining news, and, indeed, intelligence of any kind is rather scarce. As au instance of the social condition of the people at Palmers ton we extract the following:—" About 10 days ago, as Mr. Dewdney was carting -a load of hay iuto town, he noticed a blackfellow carrying what he thought to be a dead pig. He slackened his pace, and so did the blackfellow, who threw off his load and quietly said, * You givem me tobacco ?' * What are you doing with that dead Chiuaman ?' said Dewdney. ' You kill 'em ?' ' No, me no kill 'em. Him die, all same whitefellow.' Dewdney, who by this time bega'i to realise tiie fact that something was wrong, said, just as the black laid the d' j ad Chinaman's head over his shoulder, ' Where you take him to ?' ' Me go along cemetery, shovetn along hole, cover him up all same Mauder." Now, for all we know, the man was just as comfortably buried as he would have been in one of Mauder's ' five- pounders.' But why has there been no inquest held? If this style oE inter ueut is to continue, the black fellow should surely carry a doctor's certificate." RIGOR'S BAND.—Riggs's band will give one of their open air concerts to-night from the Town Hall balcony. The following is the programme :—Quadrille, "Songs of the Day," Coote ; valse, " Potpourri," Gung'l; grand selection, " Les Noces De Figaro," Mozart; polka, "Trombone," Boulcourt; quadrille, " Mignonnet," Couturier ; valse, " Spring, Gentle Spring," Riviere ; grand selection, "Belisario," Donizetti; sehottische, "Romantic," Bouillon ; galop, " Cliquot," Riviere ; finale, " God Save the Queen." " COGELNEY TOM."—We have received the " Autobiography of Cockney Tom " It is in pamphlet form, aud contains 63 pages of reading matter. It is the autobiography of one who is now living in our inidst, and whnse portrait fronts the title page. The work is divided into three parts. The first contains the narrative of the author's life in England; the second his quitting that cou»tr3' and arrival in South Australia ; his trip to the diggings, where he remained five months; and his return to Adelaide. The third part carries his life down to the preseat time. The book is well written, is exceedingly readable, and is full of incident. It shows to us what a man may have to go through, and what he can accomplish when he has set his mind to a purpose. We con gratulate the author on its production, and trust that his work may have a ready sale. 