the worst coming to the WORST. BY PBOTKTKB. the Black Sole—death in the open (Death in 1 ^a—Nationality, clanship, and faction -fighting—»o o Iaoslli P England—why nt down in Sootland—clanship and dique wisdom in Victoria—divided, defeated, and despised—the Mass of 1551 and 1881—King Edward's 2nd injunction— ,Q neen Elizabeth blots out one of Granger's "42 articles"—why she did so— the 41 reduced to 39.] FOE many years the school-books of Engjgnfl were eloquent about the tragedy of the iack Sole at Calcutta. Late on a hot girelteiy evening, in the hot, sweltery climate of the capital of Bengal, nearly 130 Engjyj re8idents who had been taken prisoners y a Mohammedan Rajah's soldiers, were driven at the point of the bayonet into a by one small grated window, and locked up j]] night. The next morning all the capites, except two or three, were dead—sufio- I csted stifled, Emothered. By some such | jtifling, suffocating process was the Catholic faith put to death in England in the reigns of Henry VIII., Edward VI., Queen Elizabeth and JameB I. The process was one of glow, deliberate, treacherous, Thug-like pertinacity, which was resolved to pursue its stealthy course of ruthless hypocrisy nnder the mask of law and loyalty, like Judas allbailing Christ, so that the constables and rabble might the more surely seize, and bind and lead Him to execution. In Ireland there was more battle-axe work. In England it was chiefly legal brimstone smoke, kindled under the hive, and paralysing the bees before they conld get out and use their stings; and who is there that would not take their chance in fight with their foot npon the green sward, in the open light of day, with the free winds blowing around them, and the blue skv above them, and the tall trees and mountains, as it were, watching from afar the last expiring effort of dauntless, though unavailing, valour, rather than be put in that Calcutta Black Sole, to perish in an agonised asphyxia, like vermin, by the fumes of arsenio in their holes. The miserable viciimB of that Calcutta Black Sole implored the sentries outside to fire in upon them and put an end to their pangs and tortures. " Put me out of pain at once" is often the request of those who know that life mast speedily terminate. Bnt such requests are seldom complied with. The sufferer must drain the bitter cup to the last drop, and then sink down and die. From the first landing of the Anglo-Normans on the Irish coast, 700 years ago, down to the assumption by Henry VIH. of the title of "Supreme Sead" of the Church in England, in jt.D. 1533-34-35, the strife between the two races was one of nationality only. The Celt wouldn't be denationalised without a struggle for it. The elan or sept system, which prevailed among the Irish Celts, greatly embarrassed them in their resistance to the invaders. They were divided, and therefore defeated in detail—one clan this year; another next year. This clan feeling still dwells in the Irish heart, though, of course, manifesting itself in different forms, and is the hateful cause or source of much detriment, not only to religion, but to that civil and political status and respectability which Irish Catholics can relish and enjoy quite as well as any people on the face of the earth. For this clan feeling leads to clique combinations and quasi faction impulses, which divide and neutralise the Catholic influence in every land where the Irish settle down, and forbids the formation of an effective enlightened Catholic party.' How is it that England can afford to trample so scornfully on the claims of Ireland to equal and impartial government ? Because, first, there it »o clan feeling in England; and, secondly, because, through the elan feeling in Ireland England can always bring over a large portion of the Catholio Irish and make them the most unscrupulous and energetic of partisans of any coercive injustice which England feels disposed to perpetrate. I quote the late Justice Keogh as a specimen of this class. Out of Ireland, this dan feeling, left to itself, too often degenerates into pettish, unmanageable wilfulness, which spurna reason, and common sense, and consistency, and snaps at any fly with which the deadliest enemies of Ireland, and of the Catholic religion, may bait their hooks. See, for sample, how the Age can lead its "nice little army " of Irish Catholics by the nose to do its bidding, and work out its anti- Irish, anti-Catholic, and Radical ends, and for its own money-making advantage. This newspaper assumes, if we may judge by its tactics, that the majority of the Irish Catholics in this colony are snch fools or savages that they can be " blarneyed" into political suicide at an hoar's notice. And then, as •con as the Age has gained its object,' it wheels round and pours down npon them whole columns of ridicule and cataraots of abuse from the full reservoirs of its contempt for them, their country, and their oreco.,' •Do they resent this treatment P Not at all. They rather seem to like it than not. 1 The Age may deride them, kick them, spit upon them to-day, and if it only " soft sawders them to-morrow, bids themhe independent and hberal, and die in defence of "Protection," then the clan feeling is seen, in its debased perverted state, fighting the battle oi their enemies, and assisting to win a victory which shall prove to be their own confusion and disgrace. I never shall be able to understand why the Catholics of this colony should either require or accept the advice of any newspaper hestile to their religion. I shall never understand why Catholics should not stand on their own Catholic intelligence and Catholic instinct, and, as one man, act in concert, and make their political strength thus felt to be a great moral and political power in the land, exercising it legitimately and constitutionally in a legitimate and intelligible manner, asserting a principle, and maintaining a sentiment congenial with the spirit of Christianity. The Catholic influence consistently, unitedly sustained would be worthy of the Catholic cause, and could not fail to command, as well as deserve, general respect, where now, solely through disunion, it provokes angry impatience or even hatred. Clan ideas are wholly incompatible with modern civilisation. Scotland was a hornet's nest to England's statesmen until clanship was rooted out. Clanship is the reittelio ad absurdum of nationality. The new North German Empire was a giant's blow at the clan system. Clanship is weakness. Clanship let in the iron hoof'of the Plantagenets to tread down Irish independence. Clanship ends in faction, and faction fights have ever been the most ferocious, and, at the same time, contemptible, of all feuds. Why should there be factions here among Catholics ? The Age strives to nurture and foment them, in order to shut the Catholics out for ever from their full citizen rights ; and then mocks them for being duped by its shallow and artful sophistications. There is now absolutely no excuse to justify enfeebling divisions among the Catholic population in this colony, and the ballot-box sufficiently shields us from danger. It is no digression to introduce such observations. They deal- with matters which part and parcel of the perennial war between Faith and Infidelity—between the Catholic Church and the extern protestors and atheist opposers. The "philosophic" materialism, now so prevalent in the Protestant world, is, no doubt, a stout antagonist of revelation, and of the Church which alone upholds the integrity of revelation. But an exaggerated or irreligious nationality is the most formidable foe that the Catholic Church has ever had to contend with. Nationality, if not a curse, was, in its origin, a chastisement. "The sovereign people" have not always been obedient sons of the Church. Christian or baptised sovereigns, who, on the whole, rat their nations, have but too often sought to subdue the Church to a state of abject serfdom, as the mere slave of the secular power, speaking and teaching only as the sovereign and the State prescribe. The Russian Czars, the Kings of France the English Tudor monarchs, the German Emperors, old and new, Portnguese Pom- Is als, Prussian Bismarcks, Oliver Cromwells, Napoleon Bonapartes, as well as Marats and Soneterres, Italian Garibaldis and Mazzinis, and Neapolitan Ferdinands of the olden time, all exclude, or have in turn excluded, the Pope from their dominions, because he represented the spiritual order, claiming free and unfettered room to comply with the command of Christ, who sent him to teach all nations. Nationality in China or Japan, as in Sweden, prohibits the Catho lie Church, or grants her a precarious and dangerous toleration. Nationality unduly stretched is, and has ever been, the great impediment of the gospel, far worse in its resistance than simple heresy. Nationality has been the friend and patron of heretics, and nationality always strives to take precedence of religion, and use it as a secondrate consideration. The nationality of Eng- land, as embodied in the person and acts of Henry VIII., brought in the" Reformation." No English king would ever seem to have ascended the English throne under more favourable circumstances than Henry VIII. No prince ever at once became so popular. His people idolised him. His Parliament registered all his wishes as law. His youth; his beauty; his lavish and magnificent style of living; his skill in martial exercises; his reputation as a scholar; his splendour and , Gold; his bold and able foreign policy; his frank and graceful manner; his accomplishments in music, singing, playing, danoing, fencing, wrestling, boxing, riding, and his superiority in the tournament, gratified and delighted all his subfeats. They looked upon him as a paragon, flattered and beloved, he gradually became the spoiled pet of the nation, and was allowed to do as he liked. The general adulation filled him with a high opinion of his own prowess and authority. His Parliament bowed submissive acquiescence to all his measures, pud off his debts, and grew afraid of Mm. when he quarrelled with Pope Clement VII., his_people were only too ready to side with him. Parliament, in fact, backed him up with sycophant enthusiasm; for they, as well as the king, wanted a royal prince to succeed him, and therefore supported him in asking for a divorce that he might marry a younger woman. When, therefore, Henry called himself Supreme Head of the Church in England, Parliament passed the law with only a timid show of opposition from a few members. The people generally hardly understood at first what the royal supremacy meant j but, • as they all went to Mass as before, the iiew law puzzled them at first more than it pained them. Eveiy bishop in England but one acknowledged the royal remacy, and many priests followed episcoexample. The sheep were thus misled their own shepherds, and the hanging, drawing, and quartering of some refractory monks silenced remonstrance. Then Henry died in 1647; leaving Cranmer guardian to Edward VI., then in his tenth year. Cranmer, as the king's guardian, and as Archbishop of Canterbury, with the Council at his control, now launched out into the Lutheran ocean. He daily explained "Scripture " to his boyish majesty, filled him with a holy abhorrence of " images " and " idolatry," and got the king's sanction to all those changes in the divine service, and the doctrines it set forth, as described in last week's Advocate. Then arose the sound of a popular murmur from all parts of the kingdom. " Risings" took place, and, as King Edward mentions in his journal, or diary, "many, were slain." In truth, thousands were killed in the various " risings," in addition to many executed and those who died in the gaols. HOW THE MASS WAS PUT DOWN. In the fourth year of his reign, Edward VI. commanded further " injunctions" to.all bishops and others for the " better amendment" of public worship and service of God. It will be seen from some of these that the ceremonies of Mass were exactly the same in 1551 astheyarenowinl881. ''Itisordered— I. That no mention be made of the Popish Mass, or of candles on the altar, or such like things, or of kneeling, otherwise than is appointed (in the new Book of Common Prayer) 3\. That no one shall buy or sell Holy Communion. 4\. That no one be suffered to pray on beads in the church. 6\. Wednesday's and Friday's prayer to be continued. 7\. When a corpse is brought to be buried, the minister to meet it at the churchyard gate, but without lights, or cross, or holy water, and no mention of Purgatory to be made. That no more than one communion shall be allowed, except on Christmas day and Easter day. 9\. That no one shall keep the abrogated holidays. 12\. In going to the sick to give sacrament, no fight or bell be carried. 13\. That no minister do counterfeit i imitate) the Popish Mass by kissing the Lord's table, or by washing of fingers at the communion, or by blessing his eyes with the aaten or with sudary (napkin), or by blessing himself in anyway with the paten, or by shifting the book from one side of the table to the other, or by stooping down and licking the chalice, or by holding his fingers and thumbs joined towards his temples, or by breathing on the bread or chalice, or by showing the sacrament to the communicants before distribution, or by ringing or sacrying bells, or by setting up any lights on the Lord's table at any time; and no other ceremonies to be used but only those set down in the king's Book of Common Prayer, neither bells, images, relics, holy water, nor creeping to the cross, nor hallowing ef fonts in the Popish manner, nor oils, nor chrisms, nor..'other such abuses." . By these second "injunctions" of King Edward VI., which were in reality Cranmer's, sanctioned by the sovereign, every rubric for the solemn celebration of Mass was set aside. Every movement and gesture of the priest at the altar was interdicted, and aform of prayer in English, intended to deny the Catholic doctrine of the Eucharist, ^vas substituted, in which even kneeling to receive their Protestant bread and wine was left to the option of the persons who received. By these injunctions, one uniform order of public Protestant worship was established over the kingdom of England; and the next grand point was to institute one uniform doctrine, to which all should agree. This was attempted in fortytwo propositions, or " Articles," drawn up by Cranmer, assisted by his chaplains and friends. Afterwards these forty-two articles were submitted by Cranmer to the " Convo- cation," or the clerical parliament, which met every year at the same time as the political Parliament—in January. But Edward's death and Queen Mary's accession threw all Cranmer's fine new religion building into admired confusion and darkness, in whioh it lay for the 8 ensuing years—that is, until 1562, when the Most Rev. Dr. Thomas Parker, Queen Elizabeth's first Archbishop of Canterbury .brought their faithinto the light of the "irlorious, pious and immortal Reformation." Prtperly speaking, this Mr. Parker, D.D., of Oxford, where he had been educated and held a fellowship and other collegiate honours, and got his thigh broken in some midnight escapade, and walked lame in consequence, was, in fact, the first Protestant Archbishop of Canterbury, being " consecrated without the Pope's brief, and according to the new Protestant form, the defects of which Elizabeth supplied by virtue of the letters patent. Cranmer's appointment had been confirmed by the Pope, and lus consecration 'was according to the Roman Ordinal. Parker brought the 42 articles of Cranmer before the "Convocation." One of the42 was struck out by Queen Elizabeth, and the Pfcotestant historians are sorely perplexed by her Majesty's action. Even Burnett confesses that he cannot assign the reason; for the article struck out was one whwh formally denied the realpresenoe in the sacrammt I Why Queen Elizabeth objected to this article is not recorded, but it' is said " die wished to persuade the Emperor of Germany sad the Catholic kings of Europe that she held the true doctrine. Cranmer's 42\. Articles, thus reduced to 41, were then debated by the bishops for fourflays, spending three or four hours a day over them. The discussion and review began January 19, 1862, and on Jamuiy_J®, 1662, this work of criticism was complete.. Three more articles were expunged, and one new one inserted; and thus the evei-notorious 39 became the doctrinal standard «t the new Anglican schism, bang confirmed by Parliament, and ratified by Mrs. Elizabeth, as supreme head (in petticoats) of the " established" sect. The " Convocation," impudent as it was, seems to have shrunk from the self-damnatory act of adopting the three rejected articles; for they flatly repudiated the right of private judgment by condemning as false certain opinions which had sprung up among the " Reformers" already. Article 39 condemned "some" (Protestants) who had said that the resurrectien was past, at all men were raised from the dead when the gospel was proclaimed, and there would be no other resurrection. Article 40 condemned "some" other Protestants, who called themselves Millenariatu, as having wholly erred from the orthodox faith and cast themselves down into Jewish dotage. Artiole 41 (or 42) severely censured " some" more Pro- (teBtants), who taught that the most ungodly should be saved at last, after having undergone a punishment inflicted' by divine justice, which, by the way, is the doctrine Shakspeare puts in the mouth of hiB Ghost,in. Hamlet. It also condemned " some" (Protestants) who said the soul slept without sense in the grave until the day of judgment, which doctrine was attributed in our day to the late Dr. Whately, Archbishop of Dublin. It also condemned "some" (Protestants) who held that all souls perished with the body. So that, before the "Reformation" was 10 years old in England, scores of newer and more scriptural "reformations" gre# out of the Protestant Anglican Reformation : and then they all with one accord began to condemn each others' "reformations," as they do still. March 22, 1881. 