Angaston. [From our own Correspondent.] April 19. Wherever do all the people co:ne from !" was the exclamation of au old resident, as he entered the park on Monday. No answer seemed to be forthcoming. But more people coming thought the same thought, and really it did seem as if some giant had lifted up the surrounding country, and just emptied all the inhabitants into the Angaston Park. On enquiry we found that although no fairy tale giant had been at work, yet a gigantic programme of sports had been arranged, and this, combined with the holiday time and beautiful weather, had worked like a charm. Well, Brown," said we, "what, you here to-day!" "Yes," said he, "I thought I would just toddle up and see what was going on." " Ah ! going in for one of the prizes?" we asked. " No, think not," said he, " I'll be content with the observation department." But he got excited, and did did go in after all. And so did Jones, and so did Robinson. The similarity of their action was worthy of their great minds. Weil, the sports began with a race for little boys under 10. Hail the victor—C. Trescowthick. Then came Boys' Race, lads under 13 —Shaw, 1; Hadder, 2. Boys' Race, under 19, handicap — D. McDonald, X ; W. Shannon, 2. Running High Jump, 4 feet II inches— Hurn and A. Shannon. Then came the Tug of War between six civilians and six volunteers. The soldiers were taken prisoners, and carried into the enemy's country. 440 yards Flat Race, handicap — A. Roberts, 1 ; D. McDonald, 2. The Three-legged Race was won in good style by Hogan and Snellgrove. Men's Hurdle Race, 150 yards — D. McDonnell, 1 ; A. Shannon, 2. 150 yards Flat Race, handicap—Hurn, 1; A. Shannon, 2. Boys' Hurdle, under 19—D. McDonald, 1; Bu uning, 2. One-inile Walking Match—M. Sheehan, ; P. Hogan, 2. 8 mins. 10 sees. Sheehan is a splendid walker. Much amusement was caused by a third competitor, who filled up his vacancies by short runs. The Three-mile Bicycle Race was in favor of C. von Bertouch. C. Hadder was upset by a "yaller dorg," but tried gallantly to the end. Football, drop kick—P. Niquet did 51 yards, aud hauled in the prize. The Egg-and-Spoon Race fell to Hurst. W. Smith came in first in the Blindfold Wheelbarrow Race. The 100 yards Blindfold Backwards Race was won by Rogers, E. Roberta coming next. A pig, with a remarkably short greasy tail, was now let loose, but the lovers of pork were soon after him, and he was captured by W. Shannon. Run, Hop, and Crawl Race, 150 yards— J. Bunning, 1 ; G. Roberts, 2. 100 yards Flat Race, handicap — A. Roberts, 1; A. Shannon, 2. Aunt Sally had also a lively time. A croquet match and several other events could not be fiuished for want of time. Then, as the public had not been sufficiently satisfied, an entertainment was provided for the evening. The hall was crowded. The performers were the Kapunda Amateur Dramatic Society, and certainly they did their parts very well, particularly Mr. Nairne and Mr. Giles. The pieces presented were "New Lights," "Browne, the Martyr," "I've Eaten my Friend," "Toby and the Ghost." In one of- the intervals Mr. A. Roberts recited "Harry V.'s Address to his Soldiers," aud rendered it very well ; but Mr. W. Collius's songs had better be omitted in future. In the course of the evening • the prizes won at the sports were distributed by Mr. J. H. Angas, who seized the occasion to present a silver cup to the most successful athlete of the day. It fell to Mr. D. McDonnel, who was received wi+.h tremendous cheers as he stepped forward to receive the splendid gift. I see by the Register that our Angaston Rifle Company was expected to attack the Adelaide men at Lyudoch, They would, no doubt, have done it, and obliged them to retreat, but they had a match on with Riverton, and therefore could not. I append the scores:— ANGASTON. Captain Salter ... 66 Sergeant Hollo way ... ... 65 Sergeant Schultz 55 Corporal Niquet ... ... 52 Corporal Yates 63 Corporal Clarke ... ... 51 Private C. Yates 51 Private F. Yates 61 Private J. Smith 41 Private J. Plush 39 Total 544 RIVERTON. Captain Bawden ... ... 62 Sergeant Hay ward 64 Lieutenant Castine 60 Lieutenant Potter ... ... 65 Private Gurner ... ... ... 60 Private Bannear ... .. 68 Private Elliott 61 Corporal Kelly .. ..." ... 53 Corporal Horner ... ... 64 Corporal Pelton... ... ... 66 Total 623 A most extraordinary score, of which Riverton may well be uncommonly proud The match was at 200, 400, 500 yards ; seven shots at each range. 