NEWS OP THE WEEK.I On Saturday last the committee which con ducted tho election of Mr. William Forster, received a lettor from that gentleman stating that ho intonded visiting Gundagai on Tuesday (to-day), aud Cootamundra on Wod- 1 nosday (to- morrow). It being impossible, in consequenco of the shortness of tho notice, to give proper publicity to the hon. member's in tontion to visit tho electorate, it was rosolvod by tho committee to telegraph and request him to postpone coming for a fortnight. Accordingly a telegram to that effect was sont to him, but tho telegraph authorities inform us that the messonger failed to find him, and tho message was ultimately left at the .Union Club, Sydney, whoro ho usually has his correspondence ad dressod. We conclude, thereforo, that he will arrivo at Cootamundra this morning, and that he will be driven over to Gundagai either by Mr. P. J. O'Donnell or Mr. A. N. Taylor. Mr. Forster, in his letter announcing his intention of visiting tho constituency, states that, for reasons which ho will explain, he wishes to be baok in Sydney again on Thursday next, but, probably, when wo have him amongst us, he may be induced to prolong his stay. TnE weather at present in Gundagai is season able, the days being tolerably warm, but tho nights very frosty. So hoavy was the froBt on Sunday night that yosterday morning the grass was so white as to suggest that there had been a fall of snow, and water in exposed places was frozen to the depth of over a quarter of an inch. When we went to press last night there was every indication of another severe frost. Friday last, being St. John's day, was ob served by the Freemasons in Gundagai, and celebrated accordingly. The business proper for the occasion having been satisfactorily per formed by those brethren on whom devolved the responsibility, they wound up tho event by partaking of an excellont repast, provided for the occasion by host brother J. W. Fry. Tho room was tastefully and appropriately dccorated with MaBOnio insignia,and tho fostivo board was laden with choice edibles and drinkables. Tho usual loyal and Masonic toasts followed in duo course, and, after 6ponding a most ploasant evening, the happy brothorhood dispersed at a seasonable hour. The Government are evidently determined to take every precaution against tho spread of 6mallpox. Last week Br. Marshall, in his capacity as Govornmont medical officer, rocoived a circular lettor from the Colonial Secretary's i Department, instructing him to vaccinate the prisoners confined in tho Gundagai jail. This he accordingly did. Toe Committee of the Boman Catholic de nominational school met on Thursday last and had under consideration fifty applications for tho office of teacher in the above school. Amongst tho applicants two were from the Queen's University, Ireland, and one from Stonyhurst Josuit Collego, England. A selection, however, was made of Miss Beatrice L. Batten, of Mol bourno, a lady who has greut experience in school teachiug and management, and is at present finishing visiting governess to many respectable families in that oity and its fashion-* able suburbs. She is a thorough musician, and can teach also Latin, French, Euclid, Algebra, drawing, and singing. B. B. Charter, Esq., B.A., head master of the Stawell Grammar School, states ho has great pleasure in testifying to Miss Batten's excellent ability upon the above subjects. The school re-opens after the mid winter holidays. L&st; Sunday the congregation of St. Patrick's Church in thiB town met for the purpose of pre senting Miss McCaig, who is leaving Gundagai, with a gold watch, chain, and appendages, in | recognition of her services, gratuitously given, j in the choir, and tho zeal and efficiency which i she had displayed as teacher of the Boman j Catholic denominational school in this town, j Father Finnegan, in making the presentation, i spoke at some length of the very satisfactory | manner in which Miss McCaig had managed tho I school, and expressed tho deep regret, in which ho himself shared, which was felt by tho children and their parents in losing her valuable services. Ho had had an opportunity of observing for over a year tho progress made by the pupils attending the school, and it was in every way most satis factory. Her loss in connection with the school would be long felt,as the vacauoy caused by her departure would bo difficult to fill. Father Finnegan concluded by referring to the efficient manner in which Miss McCaig had conducted the choir, and then handed her the watch and chain. Tho watch, which is a very handsome gold English lover, has the following inscription engraved on tho inside of the case : — ' Presented to Miss McCaig by the Catholics of Gundagai in recognition of her services gratuitously given in the choir, and of her zeal and o£Bcienoy*in tho school.' Mr. Jeremiah Leary then said that he had boen requestod by Miss McCaig to oxpress to Father Finnegan and to all her other friends her sincere thanks for the very valuable and handsome present which thoy had made her, and which sho did not expect. . Although she was about to resign her position as teacher of the sohool 6he would continue to .take a lively interest in it, aud would be always glad to hear that it was flourishing. She would always cherish the recollection of all her kind friends in Gundagai, -of whom their very beautiful present would perpetually remind her. Mr. Leary concluded a very neat speech by saying that he had beon requestod by Miss McCaig to especially thank Father Finnegan for his kind** ness to her at all times, and more particularly for his patornal counsel at the time of her mother's death. Mr. Walker then, on behalf of Mrs. Walker, in a few appropriate and well chosen words, presented Miss McCaig with a very beautiful gold cross. Mr. J. B. Engelen, at whoso establishment the watch, chain, and cross wore purchused, placed on tho chain a protty little gold trinket, representing Cleo patra's Needle. The pleasing little ceremony thon concluded. The Minister for Publio Instruction has de termined to close the publio school at Snowball, j aud the teaoher, . Mr. Timothy Nicholls, who i enjoys a good reputation as an instructor of youth, has been appointed to tho new publio school at South Gundagai, which he will open immediately in tho building hitherto used as a Wesleyau Sunday-school. On Friday last Mr. G. O'M. Clarko, Crown ] Lands Commissioner, held a Court of Inquiry j in Gundagai. Tho proceedings, which lasted - only a short timo, wore devoid of publio in terest. PrtOFESSOR Rioe, tho mind-reador, gavo two of his exhibitions in Gundagai on Friday and Saturday, to large audienccs. His mind- reading tests woro convincing, and in ovory caso, save ?, two, ho produced or laid his hand on the article | thought of, notwithstanding tho apparent i puzzlers given. After an hour's illustration of | his wonderful powor, tho professor did a number ' of so-called spiritualistic tricks, and thon he showed his audience how these things wero , done. One of these so-callod mind- reading tricks was getting about a dozen of his audionco ; to write a word each on a strip of paper, fold it, | and lay it on tho table. He then takos ono at a I time, and pressing it apainst his forehead at | onco reode tho word written. This was a most ' astonishing illustration of so-called clairvoy- ] anco ; but when the professor showed his j audience how it was done, they at onco saw how easy it was to be duped. A number of similar tricks, which we have seen performed by con jurers, and which have always been regarded as clever sleight-of-hand performances, were also exposed, and somo of tho audienoe now believe I themselves voritnble wizards; The Davonport cabinet tricks the profeBsor did not expose, nor did he the Katie King ghost illusion, in both of which ho was securely tiod with ropes to tho ohair, or to the oabinot itself ; but how ho extri cated himself from thoso bonds his audienoo are as wise now as they wero last week. Several sleight-of-hand trioks wero cleverly dono, notably the handkerchief trick; with a silk handkerohief borrowed from one of the audience ho tied a series of knots, and giving it to some one to hold he bade him oarefully look at it, but tho knots had disappeared. Soineono in town offered the professor £o for the secret of this triok, but tho secret lies with the professor still. For three hours Professor Bice kept his audionco on Saturday evening amused, and had uot tho Stray Leaves Compauy interfered with hie original arrangements ho would have givon more opportunities of witnessing his entertain ment. On Saturday aftornobn he entertained upwards of two hundred sohool childron for a couplo of hours, and thon sent each ono homo with a present. Not only in publio but in private doos Professor Bice illustrate hie powor of mind-reading, so that thero is 110 humbug about it. Should he again como this way, ho can dopend on largo audiences. On Saturday afternoon Dr. Ogg's residonce presented tho appearance of a sohool, there being the largo number of sixty children there to be vacoinatod. On Sunday night Mr. W. G. Mason, who livos in Mrs. Beid's cottage in Hanley-streot, retired to rest early, and was awakened about 10 o'olock by tho servant screaming that thero was a man in her bedroom. Mr. Mason seized a revolver, aud at onco wont to the girl's room, where he found a man whom, owing to. the darkness, he did not recognise. He at once took hold of the intruder for the purpose of putting him out, and in the scuffle the rovolver went off, the ball penetrating the intruder's hat and, striking his forehead, grazed off, inflioting an ugly wound. Mr. Walton and Mr. D. L. McKenzie, hearing the report of firearms, hastened to the spot, and reoognised the intruder as Charles Howe, who was formerly a groom in the omploy of Mr. Leary, of the Criterion Hotel. Senior-sergeant Carroll was at once commuuicated with ; but notwithstanding that he lost no time in going to Mr. Mason, Howe had made good his escape. Yesterday morniug tho sergeant and Constable Barry went in search of him, and found him fencing at Mingay. In reply to questions he stated that he did not recollect where he had been tho night before, nor where he got the wound in his forehead. We do not know whe ther the police iutend taking any action in the matter Had it not been for the fact that Howe's head would appear to bo bullet-proof, he might have forfeited his life. The Stray Leaves Company performed in the Temperanco Hall again on Friday before a crowded audience. They played in Jugiong on Saturday. A pleasant inoident took place at tho Tar cutta provisional school last Friday, on tho breaking-up of the school for the midwinter holidays, when a number of handsomely-bound volumes wore presented to Miss Maud Crowo, tho teacher of the school. Tho affair haviug been got up at tho olovouth hour tho attendance was not largo, as many of tho residents were unaware of what was to tnko place. An ad dress was read and tho testimonial presented by Mr. Leslie, secretary of the school committee, who, on bohalf of tho asscmblugo, also wished Miss Crowo a pleasant holiday, and a return iu health. This lady is tho first teacher appointed to this school; and from tho great improvement in tho children under her charge, tho parents sincerely hopo that sho may long continue in chargo of it. Amongst the list of insolvents for the week we notice Alexander Wyllie Armour, formerly land agent of Deniliquin. Liabilities, £225 10s 10d ; assets, £85. Mr, Stephen, official assignee. The following solectionB wore taken up at Burrowa last wook : — M. Moloney, 100a, Yundoo B. Kerr, 40a, Graham Executors of H. Brown, 440a, Illalong S. Brown, 40a Or lOp, Mylora. The following selections wero taken up at Cootamundra last Thursday : — Margaret Hilly, 40a, Muttama J. H. Bragg, 40a, Cullinga Peter Duffy, 40a, Dudauman F. F. Shaw, 40u, Muttama Fred. Shaw, 40a, Muttama Mich. Gulvin, 40a, Buto Daniol Vaughan, 300a, Yoo Yco F. Lonano, 40a, Dudauman Mat. Sawyer, G40u, Ironbung. The child Percy Clarke, kidnapped in Mel bourne, has boon recovered in possession of the girl who seized him. She was only thirtoon years of ago, and it is not likely the charge will bo pressed against her now tho child has been recovered. Sho is bolioved to bo of unsound mind* \ That pernicious vermin, the fox, is rapidly increasing in Victoria, and several have been Boon of lato around Bungaree and Ballan. Caftain Jamos E. Erskine, B.N.,has boon appointed to succeed Commodore Wilson as Commandor of tho Australian naval station. Ouhnie station, Upper Murray, has boen sold by Mr. Chonory to Messrs. Cobb and Co. for £10,000. Tho purchasers intend removing their stud from Bathurst to Ournie. Wobk is progressing very satisfactorily at tho Orango Moat Freezing works. Tho quantity of moat arranged for will bo ready for shipment by tho Cusco. George Bent, brothor to tho member for Brighton, Victoria, was killed on Wednesday night on the Brighton railway. He wa3 found lying on the liuo, having boon apparently knocked down by an engine while trying to cross. The body of a man with his head nearly sevorod from his body was found near the rail way station at Castlomaino early on Thursday morning. A razor was clasped tightly in his hand. There was nothing to lead to his identi fication. The steamer Protos has nearly oompletod loading with her second shipment of frozen meat. Sho will leave Melbourne at the end of the month. She takes the carcaseB of 4000 sheep and two hundred cattle, rofrigeratod as before. A fight for a wagor of £20 asido took placo last Sunday week in tho early morning at the baok of the Bandwick racccourso, Sydney. The pugilists wero Michael Honry Booth and James Killan, and tho latter died shortly after the arrival of the polico. At the inquest, which took place on Tuesday, tho jury found Miohaol Honry Booth (Killan's antagonist) guilty of murder, and Charles Davis, William Johnson, Christopher E. Dunne, Honry Wiggens, and Frederick Parkos, guilty of uiding and abotting tho commission of the act. No fresh casus of smull-pox havo been re ported, and as those which broko out in the middle of last wook wero promptly removed to tho quarantine station, tho danger of infection is reducod to a minimum. Tho promises of On Chong and Co., and -Sun Kum Tiy are still in quarantine, although tho ohild is almost con valescent. Mrs. Guildford, at tho quarantine station, is progressing towards recovery. As for constable Cook, it does not yot appear that he is sufforing from disoase. The Chinaman, Won Ping, still lies in a precarious condition ut quarantine. Impounded at Cootamundra, on 21st June, from Cucumbla, by order Mr. Georgo Powoll : — Dark chesnut horse, TD near shoulder, star in forehead, 6 years old, about 14A hands. To bo sold 14th July. It is stated that Mr. L. L. Smith, the Vic torian M.P., is very much concerned about the outbreak of small-pox in Sydnej*. Tho hon. member is anxious that tho Victorian Board of Health should lay in a good stock of puro vaccine lymph. He informed tho Assembly tho other day that in Italy, Bolgium, and Franco tho virus is obtained from horses, then passed 3m*to cows, and so secured from tho latter animal ' beautifully pure.' A DAT or two ago it was found that one of the water-mains at the corner of King and Sussex-streets, Sydney, had ceased to carry the water. Tho pipo was removed, and it was found to contain an eel fully fivo foot in length, and of great thickness. A singular funeral took placo at Shoffield during the first wook of May. Tho corpse was that of an old lady who had been deaf and dumb, tho mournorswero all deaf and dumb, and ' tho service was entirely celebrated with deaf and dumb signs.' Mr. Conway, the agent for the All England Eleven who purposos visiting Australia shortly, states that no indication of any misunderstand ing has roachod him, but that he recoived ad vices by tho last mail requesting him to hasten on tho arrangements for the tour. The leader of tho Bargo Brush ruffians, Wil liam Lee, who was confinod in jail for twonty years and a half, and who was reloaded the other day, shortly afterwards made an attempt at housebreaking, for which ho has boen again arrostod, and committed for trial at tho Central Criminal Court. The Full Court on Friday dismissed the appeal of Mr. Dibbs, with costs, thoroby deciding that Dibbs's imprisonment docs not release his estate from tho verdict obtained by Shepherd. Five years ago u gentleman of liigh political stauding in Sydnoy (romarks the Zigzag papers) wished to settlo his affairs and got away to London. He had some froohold land on tho north sido of tho Purramatta rivor, aud thiB he offered for salo at a rosorvo of £2000. Nobody would buy at that price, and ho kept tho land. Time rolled on, and the metropolis grew, pro perty increased in value, and now tho samo gentleman' .has sold his'aoresfor £13,000, re serving the pick of the land for his own pleasuro besides. Who will say that Sydney is not going ahead. Some of the Boman Catholio dignitaries (says tho EchoJ are dividod in opinion on a dolioate point. A stained glass window containing the figure of St. Thomas Aquinas was ordered of a cortain artist. As tkore is no authentic portrait of the Saint, and as Archbishop Vaughan is a devoted student of the writings of Aquinas, the artist mado tho prelato'B classic faco his model, and turned out a very fino window. Tho priest who ordered it is delighted, but ono or two of tho church authorities in Syduoy are shocked at tho idoa of using tho features, however fino thoy may be, of a living person, to ropresent those of a saint. A man named Woodward iB undor committal at Bathurst on several charges of obtaining money undor false protonces. Tho prisoner exercisod a great doal of ingenuity in defraud ing people. His modus operandi waB to oall at a country public- house, reprosont himself as a postal inspeotor, saying that he did not wish it known, ask for a blank cheque, get it cashed, and leave on foot for the noxt town. Ho suc ceeded in defrauding a good many publicans in the vicinity of Orange. The new Law Courts in Melbourno are now nearly finished, and look very ugly. Henderson Africanus, ' tho third ambassa dor,' appearod at the Molbouruo City Polico Court tho other day with two lumps of what re sembled clotted cream on his right templo. Mounting the roBtrum, ho informod Mr. Oall that thoso white chalk marks wero tho result of his step-daughter, a grown-up young woman, having struok him violently with a teapot, ' bocauso ho slappod hor for being naughty.' Tho girl's mothor tried to make out that it was her little son, a dark boy by a formor husband, who had wioldod tho pot, but tho ambassador would not allow this, and told Mr. Call that it was 44 only a mothor's desire to shield her off spring.' Tho dispute arose over a statement by Henderson that his stop-daughtor interfered with tho newspapers whioh he hawked. The bench discharged hor, with a request to abstain from violonco. — Bulletin. Samuel Euvine, a holder of 1500 shares in tho No. 1 North Phoenix, Gympio, has rofused £7500 for his interost. George Baker, who was arrested in Mel bourne, for boing illegally at large from Now South Wales, has boen committed for trial for burglary and sotting fire to Mr. Deane's office in Flindor's-street. ^ *. ? 1 ? ? - ? 