BBOAVBimra nisir youk lkttkrs. j I don't know what has got into our people but tho moat casual observer cannot fail to note that within tho past six months a radi cal chuiigo has taken place in the opinions of (he masses, which bodes serious trouble in (lie future. On tho streets and in the club houses men are still discussing tho assassina tion of tho Einpetoi'of Russia. As a general j thing a sensation of this kind is forgotten in jl few days, somo now wonder takes its place, ! mid it sinks into oblivion ; Imt about tho Ukiiig oil °f ^l's Romanoil' there hangs n something which, like the ghost of Ban^uo, will ftot go down. Among tho thousands who daily talk this niattor over, it is remarkable that so few express tho unqualilied sympathy which tho circumstances would soem to call forth. Probably tlioy rcmomber that Now York is no stranger to assassination, and you well know th'o old adage, that "familiarity breeds contom;it." Tho death of the Czar .was fearful, terrible, becauso he was a Czar ; yet, horo in tho heart of tho city, in broad daylight, and oil its most, public thorough fare, an assassination occurred in tho pro sonco of thousands of people", alongside of which tho doatli of tho Russian Enporor pales into insignificance. It was on tho l-.ttli of July, 18G3, a day novor to bo forgotten as long as 0110 stono shall stani abovo anothor to mark tho Bito of tho city of New York. The draft riots woro in full blast, and oxcitcd thousands of ignorant, brutalized rulllans filled tho streets, urged on in their work of destruction by an army of female furies, whose counterparts could oniy_ be found among tha dovus of tho lower regions. Col. II. F. O'Brien had been deputed to put down tho riot, and, with a portion of his command, tho Eleventh ltegimont'Jio wan finally compelled to liro upon the mob. A short time after, ho was attacked by a crowd of r'ufiiana wliilo coming out of a drug store, and literally tramped to death. After drag ging l»s body in tho mire for more than a block;, they hung the inanimate form to a lamp-post. Then thoy cut, it down, and, seizing tho logs, dragged it about tho streots, druukon mon and women dancing in wild frenzy, as if it were a masque or a carnival, For six mortal hours this horror wa3 onacted ill one of the most public streets in the city, and negroes woro burnt alive in their houses by hordes of murderous rnflians, many of whom still live, unharmed and unwhipped by justice. It is not astonishing, then, that, the death of a singlo man, oven though that man bo an Emporor, excites no vory lively sympathy. If 1 understand the signs aright, the sympathies of tho mass of the people go out to tho thousands of wretched captives who toil out hopeless lives in tho tlark Siborian minos, and to the miserable women, many of them dolicately nurtured, whoso backs liavo been welted by the bloody knout, and who, torn from thoir homes and all they loved 011 earth, are waiting impatiently far death as their only hopo of releaso. Our people grow more communistic every day, the oxactions of capital are every hour be coming more burdensome and overbearing, and it will not bo long before the masses will show you " what they are going to do about it." Tho quarrel between tho rival factious of tho Republican party is, in its present shape, the soverest strain that that political organi zation has been called upon to endure. There is 0110 thing morally certain, and that is, there can be 110 active coalition between these factions in tho future. Tho present tight means destruction to one or the other ; whether the gonfalon of the Sago of West chester shall go down in the lnellee, or the while plunio of our knightly Sonator shall be trailed in tho dust, is something which timo alono can toll. Perhaps both may got thoir quietus. Iam not good at guessing, but wo shall see what we shall see. Tho mania for tearing down and rebuilding seems to liavo taken the shape of an alarm ing insanity. To pass through some streets one would think that a destroying angel had passed through them. Tho last tinancial earthquake, tho throe per cents., lias forced e ipital to seek other outlets for its funds, and if this tiling keeps on, it will not bo many years before New York will bo one of tho handsomest cities in tho world. Talking of Dutch, and when I say Dutch I mean German-you should seo 'cm, shoals of them, armies of them, swarms of them, thicker than tho locusts of E^ypt-Dutch, Dutch, Dutch, Gorman, German, German, pipe, pipe, pipe, sour kraut, sour kraut, sour kraut, bologna, bologna, bologna, Schwitzer kn.se, Schwitzer kase, Schwitzer kaso, lim burger, limburger, limburger ! Oh ! sich a sclmiell-you could schmoll him more as a thousand miles 1 If this is but the advance guard, what may wo expect when tho main army arrives ? By way of changing my per fume, I regularly scent my handkerchief every morning with a mixture of carbolic acid and kerosene. After a visit to Castle Garden oil a day, when a now batch of emigrants had arrived, it smells like attor of roses. If you don't believe it, try it; but you liavo got to come to Now York to do it. Take one EnilF of Castle Garden, and then got a wliitl of my handkerchief, of if it does not mako you think of a botanical garden, you can call mo a Dutchman, that's all. Noblemen are plenty as hops, and on Tues day the Earl of Caithness, an eminent Scot tish nobleman, died at tlio Fifth Avenue Hotel. Unlike most of his class this dead earl uumindful of his title, strove to earn the proud distinction of a benefactor of his fellow men. Blessed beyond most men with in genious inventive faculty, he was never so happy as when standiug by the beucli of his Workshop. If lie had never inherited a far tiling or an aero, lie would liavo achieved a proud distinction as a mechanic and an in ventor, and now that ho has been summoned suddenly to answer the call which king pud beggar must alike obey, ho leaves behind him no nobler name than a worthy earl and au honest man. But all of our visiting noble- I men are not of that class. We have been ' honoured by a call from another sprig of nobility, whoso only claim to distinction appears to be that he squandered £s00,000 ' in about four years, and almost bankrupted I an esta'e that might have served for aPrinee's ransom. It is such fellows as this that bring the noblo order into contempt, for, after all, plain men will stick tp the old motto, " hand some is as handsome does." It seems almost as hard to get a president for tho new World's Fair, as it is to get the streets cleaned. Grant could'nt stand it. Jewett won't touch it. Cyrus Field can hardly be persuaded. So I would respect fully recommend George Francis Train. He is just tho man. Ho neither drinks nor smokes ; he can live on five cents a day, so that he could afford to go at a small figure; physically, he is the noblest, Roman of them a'l; a man of vast experience, great elo quence, eminent culture. By all means give is George Francis ; ha is my nominee for the presidency of the great fair of 18S3, and be Way be my candidate for President in 1884, " and don't you forget it." Among the various charities of this great c'ty there is noae moro deserving than that which this week celebrated its third anniver sary, which assists unfortunate girls who have been betrayed. Here the castaway May find temporary shelter and protection, a»d when her trouble is past there are those ^'ho will care for her infant if she wishes to surrender its custody. How mauy have been saved from suicide or horrible destitution God alone can toll ; but that it lias been an ark of refuge to hundreds who otherwise wight have perished, is beyond a doubt. Spring is a humbug, a fraud, a delusion and a snare ; there is no such thing as spring, I don't believe there ever was. All wol's day and a snow storm. I look out of Wy window and almost fancy I can seo the Aorih Pole ; men and women scoot along in Arctic shoes and Indian rubber clothes, and aa tar as appearances are concerned we might just as well be in mid-winter. Storm or no storm, business booms, the town is crammed and although strangers and natives do some pretty tall swearing, as long as Beecher and . ahnage keep their revivals going there is ''ope that there mav be balm in Gilead. Yours truly, BROADBRIM. 