SERMON. A SERMON TO LIME BURNERS ON LIME. BY THE BEV. PALMER LAW. (Preached in Tynte-street Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, Sunday Evening, February 13th, 1881.) Hebrews xii. 11.—"Now no chastening," &c.; When our Lord was upon earth, He interested Himself in the common and everyday occupations of men, and made them the media of communicating the knowledge of heavenly things. Under an eastern and a morning sky, a woman was seen toiling along the road, bearing on her shoulder a water-pot. She came to a well. She was not versed in the philosophy of the age. She knew but little about the scientific pursuits that interested the cultured intellect. But she did know something about water. She knew that water quenched physical thirst. She knew, also, that it would quench the thirst for a little season only. Jesus took advantage of her knowledge of that water, and talked to her about the water of life—the glorious gospel— that water that would quench the thirst of the soul, and that not for a little season only, but eternally. The common occupations of life to-day have, underlying them, grand spiritual teachings. We follow the example of our Lord in searching them out. Believing these things, we have visited some lime-kilns in the neighborhood, and shall now set forth the lessons which we there learnt. I speak of: I. THE FIRES OF THE LIME KILN. Their heat was intense. What quantity of wood is ourning at a time in the furnace? I asked. From half to three quarters of a ton, was the reply. A red heat is not sufficiently intense to turn the stone into lime. It must be a white heat. How long are these fires kept burning ? About thirty-five or thirty-six hours in summer, and forty in winter. What quantity of fuel is consumed for one kiln full of stones ? Ten or twelve tons. When the stone is burned into lime, the purpose of the fire is answered, and it is then allowed to die out. It was late in the afternoon, and the men were leaving work. I noticed that one man stayed behind to watch the kilns during the night. Here was a great lesson. These fires, whose heat was so intense, and that burnt continuously for so long a time, were subjected to intelligent control. There was no random work there. A few days since I called at a house and saw an invalid who was suffering from acute heart-disease. The furnace of affliction was heated to a white heat. Her husband said to me privately—" In the midst of all her agonies her whole cry is to her Redeemer to help her." That was a grand utterance. I shall never forget it. The fires here were not burning at random. They were subject to the intelligent and loving control of the Lord Jesus. He was present. He was there to see that the heat was not too intense, and that the fires should not be kept up longer than was necessary. As I go from street to street, and visit the homes of the people everywhere, with more or less intensity 1 find that the fires of affliction are burning! Where is the family without trouble ? Here is poverty. Ilcre the widow and the orphan weep because of sore bereavement. Here a child is subject unto fits. Here one is blind—another deaf and dumb. Here a father's heart is wrung with anguish because his child has gone astray. But there is sweet consolation for the believer in the thought that the fires of affliction are not allowed to burn at random. They are subject to the intelligent and loving control of the Lord Jesus. It has been so in past ages; it is so now; and it will be so in the future. II. THE BENEFITS OF THE FIRE. Through its agency the stone is turned into lime. This is used in making mortar—to benefit the soil—in some manufactures—and for medicinal purposes. I shall confine my attention to the uses of lime in building. It gives to the mortur certain binding properties. These are all-essential in the rearing of an cditiee With the enchanted wand, I will suppose that 1 enter a city. I wave that wand, and in a second destroy the binding properties of the lime, as used in the mortar. What takes place ? The stones are no longer held together, but each is separated from its fellow. The houses cannot now stand. It becomes a heap of ruins. Houses, churches, cathedrals—yea, the whole city is levelled to the ground. Each building in the city is a monument of the beneficial effects of the fires of the lime-kiln on the stone. A Jew once gave me a magazine, in which 1 read as followsIt is an old, old proverb—that "suffering bringeth strength." Kitto, in his Daily Bible Illustrations, says:—" We shall earch history; we shall consult the knowledge and experience of others, or such as our own lines may have supplied, in vain, for any instance of much fruit for God or for man having been yielded by unafflicted men ; and, in general, the ingathering of useful fruits has been proportioned to the intensity of the affliction —short of crushing the soul." In Romans v. 3—5,1 read, " That tribulation worketh patience; " And patience, experience; and experience, hope : " And hope maketh not ashamed ; because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost." Here patience, experience, hope, and other graces, are set forth as the outcome of tribulation. 1\. Peter v. 10: "But the God of all grace . . after that ye have suffered awhile, make you perfect, stablish, settle, strengthen you." See Hebrews ii. 10, xii. 10,11. III.—THE TIKE TAKEN FULLY TO DEVELOP SOME OF THE BENEFITS OF THE FIRE. I learned at the kiln that the binding properties of the lime, as used in the making of concrete, are not fully developed in less than one hundred years. It is worth voyaging the world over for such a truth as this. Many men travel from Australia to England, to the continents of Europe, Asia, Africa, and America. They keep a record of everything of interest and importance. But never have they picked up in their extended travels a more suggestive truth than this, which I got near at hand at the lime-kilns. Here is a grand solution of one of the great mysteries of God, B. E. was a young Christian, who died a few weeks ago, only thirteen years of age. Several years previously a grass seed got into her ear, and as a consequence abscesses were formed in the brain, the ultimate result bein^'her death. During her last hours, she suffered the extremesfc agony. It was a sore trial to her father to see his child so full of p.ain. He said afterwards : " I could not see the reason for such severe suffering in one so young." Looked at in the light of the then present, is seemed mysterious, why the furnace of affliction should be heated by a loving God to a white heat for that young Christian girl, aged only thirteen. But the mystery is solved. It takes one hundred years to bring to perfection ceitaii effect? of the fire on that stone. It will take one hunorfed, nay one thousand years, nay a whole eternity, fully to develop the beneficial effects of the fires of affliction in that young disciple of Jesus. I came out from England with an excellent Christian family bound for Melbourne. Telegraphic communication with America had ruined his prospects in connection with the cotton trade at home. He and his family embarked on a sailing vessel for Australia. One night she was run into, and they had to rush from their berths into a boat alongside, to escape the sinking ship. Again they set out for the new country. After arriving at Melbourne, the father wrote me, saying: "Normie died a lew minutes after landing." Normie was a nice little fellow of seven years—full of life and health only a short time before. " We then went up to my brother," he said, "200 miles by road and rail. We came to Australia through his persuasion, but found that he had sadly deceived us." " We had not been in his house five minutes before Annie was taken ill." Annie was about eleven. " Four days after she passed away." " After she died," he said, " I went with my brother to a neighboring township, twelve miles distant, to arrange for the funeral, and had to wait for the coffin to be made, and then left at midnight for the return journey. Oh! that was a ridel You may think my heart was full. We buried her next day." A son, aged twenty-one years, was ill of consumption, and at the point of death. Employment was difficult to obtain, and their circumstances were very straitened. These were fiercely-burning fires. Looked at in the light of the then present, all was mystery. Here was a Christian father—an excellent and exemplary man. Were not these trials of the sorest? and God a God of love 1 Where shall we go to have the mystery solved ? To the fires of the lime-kiln. We must wait one hundred years, ere certain excellencies resulting from those fires will attain unto perfection in the burnt stone or lime. So our friend wiU find a hundred, and a thousand, and a million years hence, that the beneficial issues of his own afflictions are Btill unfolding. The grand thought is not new. Paul says (2 Cor. iv. 17), " For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, worketh for UB a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory." Here affliction is said to work out eternal and beneficial issues. 