CROSSING THE MERIDIAN. In time, each day begins at midnight; in place, at the 180th meridian. Whae it in midnight at Green wich it will be, let us say, Wednesday for I80deg. east and Tuesday for 180deg. west, the 180th meridian dividing tile two days. If a person crosses the meridian, comining east, he sails out of Wednesday mand into Tuesday. If hie goes westward lie sails out of Tuesday and into Wednesday. It is never the aamec day all around the world except when it is striking midnight on the 180tl meridian. One hour after it is midnight 15deg. further west, and 1 a.m. of Wednesday (say) at the meridian, Wednesday ex tending over 15deg. of the surface of the earth, and Tuesdlay over thie remainiing 245deg. ; in other words, the new day extends from thie 180th meridian west to midnight, wherever that may be, and the old day extends from the 180th meridian east till it meets the new day at midulighlt. Reversing it, it is tihe new day from midnight at any point on the carth eastward to tile 180tb meridian, and the old day westward to that meredian. It does not matter upon what parallel of latitude you cross the 180th degree of longitude-wlaether at the Equator or tihe Arctic Circle-the old day is always east of it, the uew day west of it. In crossing the 180th meridian ships aid or drop a day in order to keep accurate time. A steamer sailing west, fromn San Francisco for Yokoshama, comnes to tihe meridian at 10 a.m. Tuesday. Hier bow crosses, and iun the forecastle it is 10 a.m. Wednesday, while ii the cabin it is 10 a.m. of Tuesday. A momenet later it is 10 aim. of Wed. nesday in tIle cbin also, and Tuesday is left behind. Twenty- four homes have besn added to the reckon ing, but no time has been actually gained. A vessel saiiing eastward reverses this, sailing out of 10 a.m. Wednesday into 10 a.m. of Tuesday. It niy be asked, "\What becomes of thIe 10 a.m. of Tuesday that was left behind?" That 10 a.m. of Tuesday was twenty -four hours old : it began on thie meridianl twenty-four hours previously, travelled westward around the world, and was then ready to give up the ghost and let 10 a.m. of Wednesday begin its jour iney. Each hour of eachl day begins at the 180th meridian, travels westward for twenty-four hours, and when it arrives again at thIe mieridian the same hour of the next day starts. The whole arrangemest is an arbitrary one, agreedl upon by Chiristinol people in order to simplify reekonimg, and thIe 180th meridiman is selected for the beginning of the day be cause it is in thie mniddle of the P'acific Oceaun and avoids tihe complications that would arise if the day begas at a mieridian ruminig through a thickly populated country.-Illorasrhtedl Sy?fsey Aesros. 