Miscellaneous. . " For some weeks," says the B jrde F Watoh of June 29, " the escapades of sinne mischief-loving fleet fooled larrikin, which occasionally paraies the streets of Mount Gambier at a late hour with something white over him, has been the subject of a good deal of table talk and no little alarm to the timid. Most people have a strong antipithy to meeting a white rag moving about iu the dark, and so far no one who has encountered the 1 ghost,' has had tbe pluck to attempt his capture. Last Sunday night a burly coaehdriver was vowing in the Mount Gabier Hotel stables that if he only got a sight of the miscreant he would make it warm for him. On turning out to go home betwenu 10 and 11 o'clock be found the ghost,' waiting at the eoruer of the hotel. Iuatead, however, •of rushing at the dread objeot his courage took refuge in his heels, and before he got backed up the ghost was gone. A case of peculiar public interest was heard and decided at tbe Police Court, iti vrhioh W. H. Mullen, solicitor, sum. inoued Aeneitta Belletti, a ohild ot eleven years of age, aud one of the lata Italian immigrants of the Marquis da Hay's expedition, with absenting her- •elf without lawful excuse from hired service. The case may be briefly stated as followsThe defendant Aeneitta flellotti, a child of eleven years of age, Ajnd one of iho Italian immigrants, was hired in April last in Sydney for twelve months by Mrs W. H. Mullen, wife of « solioitor practising in Maitland. The vahild was taken tor a drive by Mrs alfliUen on Sunday last, and while on a VisU to Mr G. H. V, Bjokmaun's at Comely Bank, whtre the father was employed, the father took the girl away to the Roman Catholic Prssbytery, and gave her into the onstody of one of the priests there, and both the the father and the prieBt refused to deliver up pos» suasion of the ohild. Previons to this Father Maher called on Mrs Mullen and remonstrated with her for bringing the child— a Cat&olio;—up J in the Protes* tant faith, when she told him that as she biied tbe ohild and intended to adopt her as ber own, she would bring her up in whatever religion she pleased. The consequence of this interview, apparently, resulted in the father removiug the child, as stated. Mr Mullen tften summoned the ohild tor absenting herself without reasonable cause had been given for abseenoe of the ohild. They considered that Mrs Mullens had done wrong in attempting to brin» the ohild up as a Protestant oontrary to the wishes of the father. A charge against Father Maher, for illegally detaining the child, knowing that she had absented hers»lf from her hired ser. vice, was withdrawn when the result of the first case was made known. A tragedy has been enacted at StutU gart. A student in love with a young girl had repeatedly written to her parents for their consent to a marriage, Receiving no reply he poisoned himself at the girl's lodgingB, Next day cime iletter with the parent's consent. At the funeral the girl swallowed poison, Wd fell lifeless into the arms of one of the choristers singing over the grave. A young lady while walking heard for the first time her mother's intentions to marry again, and she WBB otniged to sit duwn aud cry about it. 8ue co Id n <t go a step-fathei -v uuriuu inci i< n (says the llainil- •"v c ) ii ie.l to y. Mii£ t i a da cii>; party * » J I'-', Vienna. A .-) U. • (I ll t II. s C," It a p .r iiei b-iii^ a oi >\ < .. ui .»> r • i i ccil.fju p opo ii.ii?, jv.i n a llts. tup both fell and lluV<.*U o mill uoderueaih, his le^ not bein^ capable 0f standing a strain of 14 6tone, jf aVe w.iy, auo he is no« con(inod to tils bed tying in splints and plaster of Paris, ' 