i DISINTERESTED CRITICISM. Two farmers from Green Country, Michigan, who Were in Milwaukee with some hogs, and who were stopping at the Stook Yards Hotel, went to see Hamlet at the Opera Htmse. They est, says an American paper, on a front seat, and the andlsnos noticed all through the play that they were not pleased, and when tbey got into a horse car after the performance, those in the ear got a pretty good ides of whet the trouble was.. ' Well, Liga, how did It strike : you 1" said the sandy, whiskered one, aa be bit off a ptaoe of nsvy ping and handed the plug bade to nil friend. 'Ob, it didn't strike me. All I went is to lire to get bank to the tavern and find that red-beaded hotel keeper that told ms Hamlet wee a burlesque opera, with can-can girls. Call that a place of amusement 1 I euppoie a place of amusement is when a man goes to laogb, I don't want nobody to charge ms a dollar to see a funeral preoesrion and liiteo to a follow dig a grave and ring comio songs. I tell yon, Esra, it don't look right to see skntls thrown ronod on the stage. And aa for diggio" gravei, thom is a man in Monroe that can dig two graves to that fellow's one. I tall yon it juat made me riok tone that poor orazy girl Ofeely taking on about her father that Gimlet killed witb a scythe ; and when them boys np in the loft begun to oheer ber I felt like going mud tricking them all down stairs, and then saying my prayers. Any man that will make fan of orazy girl ain't fit to live. I tell yon I felt so bad for that girl I was ousaed glad when the bind girl oame in and arid ehe was drowned. 'Hamlet was a bully, I thought,' said Ezra. 'He oonld talk 'em ell blind, and knew more than the whole lot, Lige, do yon think he was orazy f ' Crazy, no. He was a fooL Say, Ezra, neve a little senae now. auppose your father was deed and yonr mother waa married again to - that fellow that looked like a saloon keeper, and tome ghost abonld ooms howling around yon, with pants made of tin foil, a mosquito bar blanket on, aod a tin waih- bssloon his head, and petal at yon with a tin dinner horn, and tell yon the saloon keeper caught yonr father asleep ont in the soger, bush, and ponied pepper since in hit ear and hilled him, and told yon to go around gnashing yonr teeth for revenge, and snatohing your mother bald-headed, wouldn't you think it waa a put-up job, and they were playing yon tar a sardine! Of course yon would, and yon wonld belt him one on the jaw, and tell the ghost to go audaoak hie head. Now wouldn't you? ' Well, may be, Inge ; bat Hamlet played hla part well, didn't he ? 'Certainly. The young man did splendid ly, considering the plsy he had, bnt I know eobool-teaahera in Green oonnty that can writs a better plsy than that daring raoeis. Hamlet was no gentlemen to treat that girl ths way be did. He loved ber and ehe loved him, and then he went bsok on ber, and jabbed ber father; and aet ber orazy, and when he happened to etomble on to her f noeral in the graveyard he wanted to get np eoryiog match with the girl's brother, and jnmp into the grave on the coffin, and aot np and pat on etyle, and break np the funeral. Oh, get ont. I don't like that way of doing business. A man that hain't got no mora sand than that couldn't get a job driving bogs for me. What he ought to bave dime waa to marry the girl, and any oonrt In Wis consin, would bave made him marrv her or pey a fine. For funeral obsequies, Hamlet is a good play, bnt give me Buffalo Bill. We get off here, Ez. Wetoh me kill tbat land- ord when we get to the house. Egad, I oao't help thinking how confounded mean that Hamlet treated bis mothar. Why, ribs hsd'a right to get married ausio.' 