THE ASCENSION— A MEDITATION. The Lord from heaven bade farewell at Olivet to the earth on which He had tabernacled thirty-three years in our flesh, . and to the little flock of faithful men who had companied with Him during His three years' ministry. He had fulfilled every type ; He had tasted every suffering ; He had borne every sin; He had cleansed our fallen nature, cancelled every writing that was against us, abolished the enmitv between God and man, and made a way of access to the Father for a reconciled world. He had provided forgiveness for the peni tent, righteousness for the sinner, and recovery for the lost. What remained but that He who gave grace should go on to give glory ? What more could He do who had left the throne to take His place among men but go up again to His Father's throne, to prepare for men a place with Himself? So while the disciples stood, following with yearning eyes their disappearing Lord, none of them finding words to say, ' It is good for us to be here,' but almost hoping, as before, to awaken at a touch and find the vision fled and their Master at their side, behold ! two men stood by them in white apparel — chosen messengers from His bright retinue of angels to speak comfort to the hearts He had left sorrowing — which also said, 'Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven ?' — as if hope had come to an end — ' This same Jesus which is taken from you into heaven shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven.' What a comforting and inspiring address, echoing, as it did, the oft-repeated promise of their Master Himself ! How could they fail to take courage at so cheering an announcement ! How could they fail to read — in the tender consideration for their estate, that could not bear that they should be left desolate for one hour, but at the very moment when they were realising their loss, when the bright cloud that wrapt their Lord was fading into distance, and they were eagerly straining their eyes for one last glimpse of their vanishing Emanuel, must despatch angels from His side to confirm to them the promises He had before made to them — assurance beyond all doubt, not only of that other Com forter of whom they had heard, but that this same Jesus for whom they mourned should one day come again ? He shall come again. Henceforth to those loving men that is their watchword and their hope. That thought abides with them through all the vicissitudes of their ministry, and is the text of their preaching and the secret of their strength. Fire and the sword cannot silence it on their lips ; scorn and unbelief cannot extinguish it in their hearts. In the darkest night that light is visible in their skies ; in the sharpest con flict that cry is heard above the din. Henceforth it is for the coming forth of their Lord, like the high priest from the holy of holies, that the church, like those disciples, has waited and longed. Like those disciples of Olivet, we, too, watch and wait in the end of the world. Watch and wait — but for what ? Not for the promise of the Spirit. To that we look back as a promise ages ago fulfilled. -( Eighteen hun dred years have passed since we saw the Eiver of Life first beginning to flow from under the throne of God and the Lamb, and flowing ever since without ceasing' into the garden which God has enclosed. Yet uour faces are not set backward, but forward ; we are saved, not by memory, but by hope.' We look up, indeed, with the eleven of Olivet, with Saul, and Stephen, and him who from dark Patmian mine gazed full into the innermost glory, to the heaven where He is. We cannot help looking up, for we know that He is there, the same Jesus still ; not changed in love, or in pitifulness, or in readiness to help, or in strength to save; not too high to hear or too far to send; with us, though unseen; feeling for us even when He makes no sign ; blessing us from the heavenly places where He sits, as He blessed His disciples when He was taken up out of their sight. Between the Church on earth and its Head in heaven, between suffering servants and glorified Lord, between the despised bearers of the cross below, and the Man that is uroa s j? enow on me ngnt nana or tne Most xiign, a cioua still hangs as on that Ascension Day of old. A bright cloud in our heaven — but still a cloud that veils and hides what most we wish to see. Veils and hides, that is, to the natural sense ; but to the purged and spiritual sight that brightness is a revelation, and not a veil ; that cloud is penetrable by every prayer sent up in faith, by every gift sent down in reply. Our Lord has gone up beyond the glory ; but He has shed the glory down upon us. Though with mortal hand we touch Him not; though we may not clasp His feet, or lay finger on His garment; though our ears may not hear His voice, or our eyes look upon the light of His countenance, yet is His presence brought to us by the Holy Spirit, and His voice, inaudible to our ears, made to speak within our con sciences, and the light and love from His face shed abroad in our hearts, and we feel and know Him to be near — aye, nearer and more sensible to soul and hope than if again we trod with Him Olivet's steep or Gennesaret's shore, or sat with Mary at His feet, or, like the beloved disciple, laid our heads on His breast.* Mere absence cannot make His voice strange, or distance quench the joy and peace of His protecting love. Our unbelief may do all this. We may close our spiritual eyes * Vide Farrar's Life of CJirist, page 463, Australian Edition. and ears, and shut Christ and His consolation out. The ?world, with its noises of the market and the street, may fill every avenue of sound, and make the music of His voice seem a very faint and far-off cry. We may turn away from the gifts that He is showering down from above ; we may lend too ready ears to those who bid us doubt or deny that He ever ascended up on high ; that ever Saviour of ours came down from heaven ; that we have any Advocate with the Father, or any Father, or Friend, or Maker in the heaven to which we look ; — we may turn for ourselves the brightness of God's chariot-cloud into the thick darkness of Egyptian night ;— but looking steadfastly to heaven out of a heart sick for its own ignorance and sin, for the suffering and shame in the world at its side, for the coldness of worship, and the deadness of faith, and the long tarrying of the promise, you shall hear the words and be comforted — Jesus shall come again j if it were not so, He would have told you. He has said it — I will come again, to take you to Myself. That promise stands to this day a promise to be fulfilled. Cen turies may pass, systems may rise and fall, societies and doctrines that seemed founded on a rock may be swept away as in a flood, yet will the promise still abide, unchange able as His love. And when He comes again it shall be no mere three years' ministry this time that He shall take upon His shoulders, no short-lived glimpse of holiness and love that He shall reveal to His elect, no humble and obscure lot among the outcasts of the world that He shall choose for His own ; but a kingdom of righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost, in which all who have believed in His 'name and taken Him for their hope shall be changed into His likeness, and shall sit with Him on His throne ; and His kingdom shall be an everlasting kingdom, and His throne that which shall not be cast down. . 