IYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE OF Lord Brackenbury. PutlCd Sff Arrangement iC7r Earmper .EroUrCer New YorL1~.) OHAPTER XXI.-Continued. On thelo one side a brooding cloud of very distant smoke marked the site of the greaot pott6ry district; on the other were visible the massed tree-tops of Bracitenbury Park; while to the northeast, pale and ghost-like, as though outlined upon the transparent air, towered one solitary peak-the Peak of Derbyshire, more than forty miles awa?y. Sign or sound of human toil up here there was none. A forlorn looking goat was cropping the scant herbage round about the Wiclting Stones, and a few sheep were scattered over a bare hill.side about half a mile away; but; those were theoonly living things in sight. 1io moving figure quickened the wasto; no rumble of wheels, no ploughboy's whistle, no homely farm-house sound, stirred the wide silence. Enjoying the rest, the soltitude, the far-stretching landscape, Lancelot and his friend demolished with dispropor tionate appetite some biscuits and a flask of sherry with some Church, the butler, had provided them on starting. 'And now,' said Coohrane, when they had arrived at the end of this un substantial enteitainment,' what about these good folks whom we have come so high to see ? Where do they live and have their being ?' ' Well. they live here,' replied Lance lot, dryly. 'The deuce they do! Are they cave - dwellers - earth - burrowers gnomes ?' ' Gnomes, Undoubtedly. Ybu she7 that hollow where there are some bushes and a fence ?' 'Yes.' 'And behind the bushes a thatched roof?' ' I see the thatch. I took it foi the top ofa hay-stack.' ' That is the roof which shelters your venerable friend Mr. Isaac Plait. Near it, but lower down, are two dr three more cottages. You can't see them from here. And over yonder, at the other side of that long hill, there is a whole colony of dark folk, We can go on there by-and-by, if you like; but I think when you have paid your respects to those close at hand, your ethnological curiosity will be suflici ciently gratified. They are charming people but a little of them goes a long way,' ' Do they preseve any tradition, of their origin? Have they any peculiar manners and custams? May one question them freely ?' Lanucolot laughed heartily. 'Manners!' he said. 'My deair fellow, they have no manner; and as for their customs, they are more honoured in the breach than the ob servance. Youare going to be awfully desillusionne. Instead of characters out of The Talisman or The Arabian Nights, be prepared to see a brood of lawless settlers just a shade more respectable than gypsies. Perhaps, alter all, they are gypsies whose fore fathers happened to take root up here a few centuribs back. Who knows? We have but a vague oral tradition to show for the Crusading part of thls story.' 'Oral tradition, handed down through many generations of an ancient family, is not to be despised,' said Cochrane. ' At all events, I am not disposed to give up my Saracens.' ' Your Saracens, anyhow, indulge in a truly Oriental passion for color,' ieplied Lancelot. 'You will notice how it breaks out in showy kerchiefs and cheap trinkets, and in the blues and reds with which they make their hovels gaudy.' They had clambered down by this time from their perch, and were saun tering toward the cottages, four of which-mere shanties plastered out side with mud-lay snugly hidden away at the bottom of a steep pitch under the lee of the hill. The young men stood for a moment on the brink of the bank above, looking down upon the weed-grown roofs, the patched and broken windows, the rags hung out to dry upon the bushes. On a rough bench outside the door of the nearest cottage there sat an old man intently at work upon something which Lancelot's experienced eye at once recognised as a gin. 'There's an iniquitous old fox for you I' said he. ' And that poulterer at Singleton swears he has never seen a feather of a Brackenbury pheasant! HIang the curs, how they bark! I would have liked to come upon him nnawares.-Why, Isaac, man, do you keep a pack of hounds here ?' Mr. Isaac Plant dexterously dropped the gin between his knees, kicked it znder the bench as he rose to his feet, and hurried forward to meet his visitors. 'Eh, Muster Brack'nb'ry, mind the gap, sir; them stoanes is loose to tread on. Doon, Snap! Doon Grow- ler; Howd thy noise, or I'll fettle thee. Begin' yer pardon, gentlemen both, but th' doan't know no better.' ' Are the poor brutes shut up in that Black Hole there?' asked Lancelot, pointing to a little boarded shed, with a padlocked door, built up against the end of the cottage. 'How many of them ?' 'Just three or fewer, Muster Brack 'nb'ry, an' th' ow'd bitch, an' the pups. The' be main snug in there, sir.' ' A snug as herrings in a barrel, I should think. Where's Seth ?' ' Beth's gone to Leek, sir, wi' a few bits u' hardware for sale.' Then, turning to Cochrane, with a scrape * and a bow: 'Coomto see th' pup, sir ?' (To be contiued.; 