TOWN SKETCHES. OUR PANTOMIME. By Gabnet Walch. I call it " Oar Pantomime " advisedly, for EiSBuredly we have all had a hand in its pro duction. And by all I mean some 200 people, trig and little, male and female, gentle, simple, and very wide-awake. Let me begin at the beginning. Oar theatre, as yon are aware, is managed by three partners—Partner -N amber One, a veteran of the drama who haB also dealt largely in other pnblic amuse ments, from politics to steamboat excursions, joint-stock companies to Turkish baths; Partner Number Two is also scenic artist of the establishment; while Partner Number Three vies with Partner Number One in the delineation of low comedy, and is further re nowned for ardent devotion to the innocent delights of angling. Somewhere about June or July last Partner Number One,' met by Partners Number Two and Three on the day when the ghost usually walks—or, in plain English, on treasury morning—gives aeep toned utterance to the four words, " How about the pantomime?" "Ah! how about the pantomime?" chimes in Partner Number Three, while Partner Number Two caresses his moastache—not being histrionic he can ■ afford this capillary attraction—and says no . thing. But Partner Number One's brief query .js the match firing a long train of thought, the initial impulse setting an ever-accumu . lating ball of ideas a-rolling. The first tan . gible results are the appearance on the scene of a cutter and contriver of words, a tailor of talk, dignified by some with the title of "local author," and next a further series of s conversations, leading finally to the choice of a subject for the pantomime in the story of the Eastern mariner, whose impossible voyages are dearer to childhood than all the authentic adventures of sea-rovers from Columbus downwards. " Sinbad the Sailor" being thus selected as the pantomimic cru cible, it only remains to pour therein the ele < ments of theatrical success, and behold the thing accomplished. Bat these said elements how numerous, how uncertain in their n>er fusion into the complete compound, gunge, music, fan, " situations," con trast, effects, scenery, machinery, dresses, properties, tricks, suitable actors ana actresses, dancers, contortionists, supernu meraries, children, and a score of other items, all to be thought over, balanced the one against the other, procured, mixed and melted together—a task of many weeks' dura , tion, work for all hands, a puzzle requiring the most careful solution. Perhaps the first -/ practical outcome of the managerial delibera tions is the arrival at the stage door of . several loads of timber and a number of boltB j of canvas. These, taken in hand by theatage i mechanist and his merry men, are speedily i sesolved- into (" purs of flats," •" wings/' ■„ " borders," and ' set-pieces," ready for the scenic artist's brash. The property-men, tod, f \<Jalm their share of materials, and carefully. : con the lists given them by the prompter, and , containing the principal" properties already' . .decided upon. Upstairs, in the wardrobe, . . exfxasewers and machinists, controlled by the wlftdyfo.cljarge. gj) to work cutting out, stitch ing, shaping, and fitting, and, generallyspeak-, •-'jing, running up bills for satin, pilk, gold add .Silver bullion, tights, hats.ahoes, ornament*,. stage jewels, and spangles, sufficient to stodkr > i A Sdnpje of drapers, and a fancy shop to book ; artist and nia assistants commence, iptmysterious zig-zags, curves, •and ieir time to grinding- down colours Of :jefS!Z ttot juva fit*tcla*a tambow,andmixit)g $bes£.<*0;r?wsof most peculiarly-shaped <gp$ce*r,wiMb ji^neUs^standing. within ea^y ts hands. Erom the ma ireadi of the . - urn fetem and telegrams having M the engagement of special <tel8n$r'<-pour fortb to thedifferent colonies. variously received with Smile or trowh, as their purports warrant Three or four weeks pass, ana show a great change in each de partment The mechanist no longer has a civil word for anybody who does not talk "traps" or "slotes," "sinks" or "rises," grooveB" or "travellers." When re hearsals are not in progress for the pieces now being played at night, this same mechanist ana his myrmidons have half the stage turned into a series of yawnjng gulfs and pitfalls, and are to be seen peering into the depths below, and Bhouting to in visible answerers whose voices come up muffled and indistinct. Blacksmiths bearing heavy iron frames, workers in cane with great skeletons (destined for the bodies of elephants, alligators, and ostriches), make their appearance at the stage door, and there deposit their burdens. In the wardrobe are piles of dresses complete to the last spangle, with other piles half finished, and others still in embryo. In the scene-loft the hispid lipped partner and his assistants are hard at it, the one employed upon the Dell of Diamonds, the two others joining their forces in an attack upon the intricacies of a comic scene, working from a model sent in by the future clown, who is not yet in the colony. Several scenes already finished have been lowered and stacked away in the great scene- dock, a chamber about the size of St. George's-hall. As to the property men, they are, as they will tell you, " up to their ad jective eyes in it." Fairies' wands, masks for the ogre's cooks, monkey, OBtrich, alligator, and elephant heads, the big roc that is to carry Sinbad high in air, the jar from whence the imprisoned Peri escapes, banners for the Caliph's guards, Sinbad's golden barge, trick diamonds for the imps in the Magic Valley scene, these and scores of other properties required in the "opening," not to mention the thousand and one articles necessary for the harlequinade, are being finished and for warded to the property-room, a twin apart ment of the scene-dock, and filled with such a vast agglomeration of bygone properties that it fairly turns one's brain to wander amidst its chaotic collection for a few minutes. Ten " Old Curiosity Shops " rolled into one, the loot of the Summer Palace, mixed with the contents of a toy bazaar, a furniture warehouse, an armoury, a kitchen, a larder, a menagerie, a ship chandler's, a flagmaker's, with representative articles from fifty other quarters. And into the midst of this motley museum are being daily brought fresh articles, to be here stored ready for Boxing Night and its revelations, until the whole seems "confusion worse confounded" to all save the accustomed eyes of the property men themselves. On the stage—whenever the machinist and his carpenters can be induced to quit this vantage ground—there iB much tramping of many feet, with Bhrill ejaculations of " Num bair Four'keep aback ! You, Meess Pairkins step you aout! Now, altogezzer ! Ah, you vob make a' one fool of me, ees eet not ?" This is our balletmaster drilling the ladies for the Amazonian march. Quite a study this excitable, dark-eyed, galvanic-gestured little gentleman. He has been ten or twelve years in Melbourne, but each succeeding Christmas findB him, if anything, a trifle less intelligible in his curious mosaic of fractured English, interspersed with high lights of French, Italian, and occasionally of South American Spanish. Even as we stand at the wings and watch, he is addressing the ladies of the ballet—" One, two, three—la da di da —leeft your legs, ladies. Ah! sacre, mais you think one jackass I am—you do one times count two. Now, all togedder—la da di da—estop, estop! Oh! it take me forty year, you no can learn more quick as this. Ventre bleu ! 'Spose you try btmagam—now, one, two." And bo on for many hours daily, nntil marches and ballet-groupings are alike as near perfection as it iB possible with such raw material. YouBhould hear this agileexile from la belle France sing the " Marseillaise" in one of the cosy parlours of the Cooper's Arms, fre quented by so many connected with the theatre. The " Marseillaise," and no mistake! Whew! He makes your hair stand on end with his im passioned appeal to " Liberty cherie," hiB clarion call to arms. But there is other hair elevation with eyebrow accompaniment to-day in the managerial office, for the material-bills are still pouring in on Partner Number One, left alone to his calculations—Partner Number Three has gone to Sydney, where he intends to make a fortune on joint account. Partner Number One, we say, has just arrived at the conclusion that the preliminary ex penses already exceed those of any previous pantomime. There is no gainsaying the fact. The inexorable logic of figures is there to proveit. Ah! a telegram. Themanagerialbrow resumes the open, flawless smoothness it is wont to wear, and is once more a hemisphere of tinted marble. The managerial puckers of perplexity fall back into, dimples of satis faction, and the waiting stage mechanist in the outer office receives the cheery command, " Go ahead with everything and bless the ex pense!" What has happened? Merely this. That telegram contains thenewa that "our old friendB, the talented S. family," as the news paper paragraphs of to-morrow will put it, nave decided upon accepting certain offers made to them in connexion with the Christ mas piece at a well-known temple of the drama, and will return to Melbourne by the end of November." This does away with a world of doubtB and difficulties, for the S. family, consisting of three ladies and one gentleman, are all" safe cards," uBed to the wayB of pantomime, and high favourites with the pnblic. The various characters in the burlesque opening can now be allotted forthwith, and the "cast," as it is profes sionally called, made complete. Set to work with renewed energy, Mr. Local Author, for the end of November will soon be here, and with it a peremptory demand for the pile of loose sheets which adorn your study table in such admired disorder. Work away, too, with a will, ye scene-painters, mechanists, carpenters, property-men, wardrobe people, and others whose converging strands must meet at given point, - and; -jtlrine -with perfect accuracy to make A cable Atrcnk enough to tow our Christy as ship xintp the desired havener At, Mat arrives the d - 1 " family j charming!;; Mr. EtTv variety^ All BXperw (Wm.iv Merata tomjjp0 He 6mMt>hw4sju^ now, '-...(TOpfluniendied a —• - cpmic scenes, ,%,get anac Lif 6® re* iqomes ,4)1 prepfuration ■" onare ^ „ .come diaaMke<%^ Wto,to9wt^g o^^^|wfor^e evOTing. | and poor, fired J. wm jutt nave A few* moments to tosh home, swallow a hasty meal, and return to the theatre in time to dresB for the part he plays in the current piece. Add to this a "host" of anxieties cropping np every moment in the control of a large number of subordinates, many of them raw recruits in Btage business, and you have proof enough that to be a stage manager of a theatre is not to enjoy much rose-cushioned slumber. But the prompter's bell rings, and the principals gather on the clear Btage facing the ghostly-looking auditorium, with its brown-hollanded boxes, its rows of empty pit and stall seats, its single " pilot light in the big chandelier faintly struggling with the dim daylight filtering in through small windows high above, its general suggestiveness of the spirits of departed actors and actresses lurking in recesses to watch and sneer at the efforts of their Uesli and-blood"survivors. The parts are given out, conned over with the usual disdainful sniffs—supposed to convey to the hearer the conviction that the sniffer is fitted for far better stuff than this —and the rehearsal commences, situations, entrances, exits, and "bitsof business " generally being filled in as the reading proceeds. Every day from this onwards there are fresh rehearsals, the written "parts" being soon abandoned and the actors memories substituted. The whole orchestra now are in attendance in lieu of the leader with his fiddle, who sufficed us at first—the ballets, marches, and effects are Bandwiched in their proper places, and at last all that are required to make the pantomime complete are scenery, dresses, and properties. Let us see how these are getting on. Partner Number Two, having covered goodness only knows how many acres of canvas for the scenery of the opening and the transformation—the latter, by the way, his own tasteful, appropriate idea—is now finishing his panorama. At this theatre a pantomime sans panorama would be like Hamlet without the Prince of Den mark, an M.L.A. without "sugar," a Berry without Reform, the Major without his boots. Their principal thus engaged on his panorama, his co • workers are busy cutting and gluing long strips of various coloured foil-paper to the edges of the jutting crags and prominent leafy tufts in Fairyland, to give extra glow and gliBten even in the midst of lime-lighted effulgency. But al though this "effect" undoubtedly enhances the brilliancy of the scene in eyes uneducated to art, the lovers of the " Pathetically Beautiful" must always rejoice in the fact that our scenic- manager deals not in foil-paper in his moBt picturesque scenes. These charm without adventitious aid, much as the man who knows what he is talking about has no need to embellish his conversation with high sounding phrases, but is satisfied — and satisfying—with terse, straightforward Eng lish. Not to wade more deeply into an essay on scenic painting as one of the fine arts, turn we to the wardrobe. Here the last batch of bespangled dresses, tights, hats, and " Bilvery shoon " are receiving their finishing touches, and the face of the lady in charge of the department beams with conscious pride as she points to the triumphs of her taste. Where be thy glories, oh London? and Paris, where is thy skill now that Miss W. has put forth her full strength, has eclipsed all former years, and has given us a dream of woven tints to match the lovely formB it Bhall half drape and half display? From the wardrobe to the property- room. Here are now at least a dozen artisans of cunning working night and day. " Are theBe alligators to have winking eye lids?" "Does the practicable pig in the second comic scene come in half?', "How many babies does the clown want in this perambulator he turns into a sewing machine ?" " Who plays the hind legs of the elephant?" These, and a hundred other questions bearing on the work in progress, give a listener some idea of what is going on. Let ns leave all these good people to their heavily-handicapped race against time, skip another short interval, including the final rehearsal " with Bcenes and properties," and arrive at the first production of Our Panto mime on Boxing Night. In the body of the theatre, pit. gallery, stalls, and npper circle are crowded within a few minutes after the opening of the doors, and by 8 o'clock people are standing four deep behind the dress circle. There are probably nearly 8,500 human beings here to-night, representing'money to the extent of some £350. Bnt it is not the receipts of this night that are in question. It iB not the immediate money of this initial performance which causes Partner Number One to take a seat in the central box, and watch the curtain with anxious eyes, or in terferes with the studious coolness of Partner Number Two, giving final directions behind the scenes. (Partner Number Three is all slone in his glory in Sydney, chuckling over the evasion of authors' fees by what he con siders clever management). It is not the consideration of pleas big this one audience which imparts a degree of nervousness to all concerned in the piece, from La Belle Nellie to Miss Griggs, of the ballet—from the cellar man down out of sight amongst those wondrous masses of machinery beneath the stage to the "flymen" high aloft in the wilderness of ropes, pulleys, and canvas, which give the npper story of the theatre the look of part of some im mense cloud-vessel bearing Peter Wilkins on his voyage to the moon. No, it is not the task of pleasing a holiday crowd, which accounts for the universal tension of thonght both before and behind the cnrtain, where those interested are concerned. What, then, is the reason ? Simply that in the re ception of this pantomime by the jonrnalistic critics, their good or bad report, and the sub sequent verdict of the general body of cognoscenti lies, the triumph or disgrace of tbSipiece, the recouping or otherwise of the managerial outlay, a lengthy or brief rab^ahd contingent rise and fall of the total Itemed |>y the two hundred people em ^specially for the season, and whose _rte weskly salaries amount to little "s1sbyJT of '£800—in a word, the sncceBS or flulnre'of -kq'Smdertaking embracing a great number ofaharSholders, who, unlike most speculators, jgive tbeir own zealous exertions tothe practical'working of: the affair.: Let as hope.therefpre, that when the medley overture is over and the prompt-bell gives loudly-cheered response to the gallery cry of " Hup with the rag!" it may herald a long and proaperouarttn for the pieoe, end enable Partner Number'One, seated in the caf£ at 11,30 p.m. to reiterate his query , of six monfhB bM&« wMn the addition of a personal pronoun and a1 decidedly satisfied tone, as thaa-^" How abotitotm Pantomime now ?" 1 