THE DEATH OF THE CZAR Very few of our readers will be sur- prised to learn, as they do from our telegraphic columns, that the Czar of Russia has fallen a victim to assassina- tion. Previous attempts had been so repeated and determined that it was scarcely to be expectec he could es- cape. Events have cearly shown that emissaries of evil, like the ghosts of the departed in fairy tales, haunted his foot steps, and scared him at every turn. The railway train was not safe for him to travel in, as the line was undermined and the mine was sprung as a train passed over it. His own palace was not safe, and the dreadful explosion that shattered the walls of the Winter Palace proved how near his enemies were to his own person. Though repeatedly baffled, they have at last succeeded in killing him. All his precautions have been made in vain: crowds of attend- ing menials, a circle of officers of high rank, and military guards were not suffi- cient to ward the fatal blow. An Orsini bomb, which explodes on being cast to the ground, seems to have been used. The first thrown failed to injure the Emperor, but a second accomplished the assassin's purpose- it exploded near His Majesty, and shattered his lower limbs. In a couple of hours he suc- cumbed from loss of blood, and owing to the shock his system had received. Such stem unrelenting vindictiveness and determination to take the Emperor's life, as these incidents and the event in- dicate, must have had their origin in strong feeling. It must have been evident to all, who have been pay- ing any attention to European politics, that the reign of the Emperor Alexander has not been a happy one. Soon after he succeeded to the throne, he eman- cipated the serfs, and created an amount of jealousy and distrust among the class nearest the throne. It is impossible to tell how far their enmity fostered, and brought into prominence the machina- tions of the secret societies, and es- pecially of the Nihilists. Between the Crown and the people, at least a certain number of them, war has been going on for a long time. That it was concealed did not detract from its bitterness and fierceness. Every new attempt upon the life of any of the higher officers of state, and every new discovery of Nihi- list plots, was followed by the despatch of large trains of criminals to Siberia. The contest has been unceasing on both sides. On that of the Crown it was felt to be for life, and it was made all the more difficult and distressing by the discovery that there were traitors in the camp. People everywhere conduded upon the at- tempt to blow up the Winter Palace being described, that enemies lurked in the Czsr's own household. The rumour of domes- tic quarrels between the Emperor, and the higher members of his own house- hold, gave grounds for the supposition that his own kindred were among his blood-seekers. Perhaps the death of the Empress, and the advancement of the Princess Dolgorouki and her femfly, immediately afterwards, may have em- bittered personal feelings towards him. Though we may regret that the Czar has met a sudden and violent end, we cannot deeply deplore his fate. He was an autocrat: a man who, having been, trained up in the belief that he was all- powerful, continued in it, without perhaps thinking much on the peculiar responsibilities of his position. Except the emancipation of the serfs, which has not been followed by much-needed economical, social, and political reforms, he has not shown any great regard for the lives and property of his subjects. The former — the most precious heritage of any sovereign — have been wasted in almost unceasing wars. He was faith ful to the traditions of his family, at the cost of blood and treasure. His war with Turkey must be fresh in the memory of our readers, and but the other day we had telegrams telling us of the result of conflicts with the Tekke- Turcomans on the Eastern Border of the widening empire. Hundreds of lives have been sacrificed in these distant wars. His Imperial Highness lived in a region remote from the bulk of his countrymen, with whom he had few sympathies, and little in common. It would be hypocrisy were we to con- fess that the death of such a ruler grieves us much. One of the first considerations of European statesmen will be — what effect ^^^^^^^Hteanthe relationships H^^^^^^MJB^For -s the ques |H^B@b in the event '-*£?aBBBBBa^aBK-- Great Britain I^^HHJKMieavu'j-anned antfla^^HPjp^Xipericz, may soon be seeoroi^HEo3st5- We have do reason to anri9pau\ that the death of the Emperor will lead, to a. more amicable state of feeling existing between the two powers. During the Russo-Torkisb war it was re^ftatedly gtpf^ that the Emperor, being of a pacific disposi tion, would have concluded peace upon terms lighter than were ultimately adopted. But he was surrounded by a J military caste, who were bent upon war, and the demolition of Turkey. The members of this class bear no good will towards Britain. Memories of old humiliations and defeats in the fields of diplomacy and war rankle in their breasts. To them it would be joy to see their enemy laid in the dust They, no doubt, more than the Emperor are to blame for the covert negotiations with the Ameer of Afghanistan, evidence of which has recently been discovered at CaboL With them the idea originated of fitting oat ships to prey on British commerce, 'l'tie C^arcwitcxi was as* sumed to belong to their party in the State, and the settlement of the Eastern Question, and movements of Russia in the East, will depend very much upon the disposition of the new Czar, and the influence the military party may have upon him. In the meantime, and nil he feels bis seat on the throne secure, be wul promise fair, but there must for some time be great uncertainty as to the future peace of Europe. This is how the Sooth Australian Govern ment d^ witfi selectors of agricultural areas in bad seasons. A memorial was sent to tbe Com suseaQDCx «£ Cnywa l*mds from the Belectors in me Hundred of tTudenb and Fine, asking for an extension of the time fixed for payment of instalment of their purchases, to winch tbe following reply was returned :— « An extension of time will be granted to all selectors whose crops have partially or totally failed. Each wripcfrr, however, most mate a separate application, accompanied by a state ment indicating the quantity of land colti tivated and a description of tiie crop, upon receipt of which an extension of time will be ujm) in instances where tiie conditions of Hie selectors1 agreements have been complied with, and upon such terms as the Com missioner may deem fair, after *^*'ttp each «fbE Wuihxb. is the West.— last Friday ar thunderstorm accompanied by heavy rain nshered in the wet weather. Since that day it has been raining with but little inter mission, and it**'™'1 as we write. 71k cainfaU for the last six days has been:— February 2Stb-0.72; 26tb-0.15 ; 27tfc— DC; 2Stfc— L02: March 1st— 0.04; 2nd— 0.34 ; yesterday it rained mace heavily, and Hie total »-«'^«n np to last night most have been at least 35 inches. At Aramac we learn that the tain fell very heavily on Monday and Tuesday, the quantity being estimated at 6i inchea. Springaure about three inches, constant and steady. Indeed tiunaghoat the district the faD seems to have been general as it has extended down &e; river for a long way below Isisford. Old residents state tint the drought Oil year was worse than that of 1S68 rtwmgh the conservation of water on the ntntiff*'1 and upon the loads has considerably protected the stock. As far as the country in the tffliw^iatp vicinity of Blaekall is conceived t&ere; is no doubt that tbe scarcity of water would have been most fceverely Celt if it bad not been for the heavy rains which fell op tile river and brought it down to fill the water holes here. The dam bad been —'pt^ by tbe end of December, and the water for town consumption was drawn from tine river. The dam is now full and, yesterday afternoon was almost op to the by-wash. The river was pist rising at 4 p.m. yesterday, but we bear that it is coming down a banker at Northampton- Toe mail from Awmp has | been detained by Scads.— ITatem C'/iamjMOit, I Match 14. | The Btsisess Outlook. — The new year j has opened hopefully. The general tone in I business circles is one of growing confidence, J whicb will greatly help to fulfil its own ex pectations if the occurrence of untoward complications continue to be avoided at home and abroad. It is something in favour of j Ireland, now the butt of so much indignant - rhetoric, that, bad as its social condition may j be owing to the tyranny of the Laud League, I business has not been seriously interrupted in ; the disturbed districts, and tiiere are evidences that if tbe Uw were firmly upheld the course of prosperity would be resumed which has been interrupted by agitation. The refiex effect of the state of tiie sister island npon British tading interests has not, therefore been eo grave as might hare been feared ; and the anxiety caused by tiie troubles at tbe Cape bas not produced any abatement ixi tiie general hopefulness. Even were war, on happDy, to burst out between Turkey and Greece, tiie dislocation and 'disturbance would be temporary, and, it may be fairly hoped, would be confined within a narrow area. Tbe Board of Trade returns cotrianueto testify by their figures to tiie general process of expan sion which has been going on for more than twelve months in the trade of tiie country. The fafuog-away which has been noted in tiie imports ot goods during the mootii of Decem ber is due to reduced prices rather than is diminished quantities, and, in view of increased exports, may ratter be accepted with satisfaction titan affijrd legitimate ground for apprehension. The tesbmony -* «» Revenue returns, now complete for the three quarto of tiie fits* year, is to the «ame effect The revenue has been longer m feeling tile eftectof the beneficial change in the general trade of the nation, bat at last it is doing so. All its leading branches show substantial advances, with the one exception of Customs, which have been kept in check through the peculiar dranastaoces caused by Mr. Glad sfame'a 'pottering' with tie wine duties last summer. As things now are, tbe ChanceBflr of tiie Exchequer may fairly look {or a sub stantial surplus at tiie end of tbe financial year. The railway traffic receipts are not less enconragmg titan tiie fzade ana revenue re turns. AH point to increased confidence and expandinc resonrues ; and tbe great thing now b to avoid too precipitate action under toe spirit of rampant speculation.— London, January IS. 