SONS 2ECUMEWICA1 COUNCIL OF LYONS. BY PBUTBTBH. jj at united action can do—The universal faulted prayer of the Jubilee—The deposing rcontrast—Gregory X. goes to Lyons with 1 (the Emperor—General Council summoned, [ April. 1273—Frederio II. vanquished by a 1 (beet of paper—The Flagellants—Bowing [at the name of Jesus enjoined at 2nd I General Council of Lyons.] [TH« prompt response of the Faithful to j pious caU of the Holy Father, Leo XIII., foil of hope and encouragement. The Lvereign Pontiff summoned all his spiritual ildren over the whole earth to unite withfor the remainder of this year, in acts | gneoessive devotions on behalf of the hurcb. For this end the Supreme Pastor j proolaiined a year of Jubilee, and during I continuance the whole of his Congregation, nbering 230,000,000, will continue in ayer for the Holy Father's intention, here is hope, and strength, and fortitude, Ld high resolve, aDd patient endurance, and able confidence in God enkindled by the kought of such a mighty confluence of supination going up and coming before the Qmighty Fathor and the throne of God in haven. A congregation of 230,000,000 signing he and the same petition to the King Eternal j a grand and mighty fact. Who has ever pen a petition to queen or parliament with hch an array of signatures ? Some 50 years the Anglican Protestants of the Established National Church got up a petifon which bore the names of 800,0^0 parents, nd guardians, and heads of families to the nng, and to parliament, and to their convoca- Son, and '* to all in authority" against any hanges in that Establishment. The dear frotestant "dissenting brethren" of the i Protestants were threatening Leir Anglican brethren in Christ with over- Xhe Reform Bill of 1832 had brown a large increase of political power into he dissenting brethren's hands, and the distilling brethren, by their usual organs, (emanded the expulsion of the Anglican from parliament, and several Ither sweeping "reforms," all tending the complete denudation of the hurch of England. This " monster" pction, got up by Mr. Rose and his friends, and igned by 800,000 heads of families and uardians, produced a deep effect. The Nonconformist treachery was exposed. The Oxford Tracts for the Times began. The ervices of the Anglican Establishment were reached up. The Rubrics were explained, ne " Low" Church clergy were forced into jreater respect for their ordination vows, the wall of partition between Anglican hurch principles and dissent was buttressed gainst the dear dissenting bretliren. The Nonconformist, tide of animosity (or love) |ras rolled back ; and the Church of England Tadually recovered all her lost ground, and etains it to the present day, to the truly icriptural joy of the baffled and beaten Nonons. Such was the effect of combined iCtion. To far holier and eublimer union as the Yicar of Christ on earth sumnoned the faithful in all lands; and rhat may we not expect from so comprehensive, so unanimous, so universal n appeal to the mercy and power of God as hat in which, by the Jubilee, the Holy ather bids us join him. But, however rvent and however sincere may be our prayers, we must do more than pray. That pery able dissenting brother of the Anglican iiurch, Mr. Oliver Cromwell, never ceased ) bid his Protestant king- murderers to pray. 411 depended on prayer. And then he flipped in the soldierly recommendation— I" Pray—seek the Lord—pray, and keep Jour powder dry." The best Catholic powder we can carry in the present time and present place seems to me, and has long emed, to be a clear, ready knowledge of low religion in its threefold combination of doctrine, Worship and Discipline. Thes? tree may be summed up in one phrase, "he history of the Church. Whoever prays nd knows is safe. Whoever knows and frays is armed for the fight. Whoever nows and prays can do good servioe to ted, to truth, and to the Church, which done guides us into and nourishes us in the *uth. Knowledge, and zeal are sword and khield; but pmyer gives the skill to use them [wight. It is with the thought upon my mind of the immense benefit arising from historicalinowledge, that I have written lately ^out the General Councils of the Church, Ipot with any view of doing more than slightly indicating or touching upon the prominent lacts of these Councils, and how falsely Cran- !®er spoke in Articles XIX., XX., and XXI. I of the Anglioari religion when lie said that I these General Councils had erred in matters IFaith, of Worship, and of Discipline. THI 13TH AND 14TH GENERAL COUNCILS. Cranmer, havingapoatatisedfrom the Church I of.Christ, like allapostates from her role, set Iminaelf to calumniate what lie had forsaken. [Sat in' • ••••• ., ARTICLE VI. I™ forgot his cunning. Hedeclares that the jMttee Creeds, this Apostles, the Nicene, and |«ie Athanwian Creed, were to be retained by I J* W Anglican sect. < Now, the Nicene was drawn up: by a General Council, *ade3 to, and confirmed, and adopted by three wiour other General Cotmcils.and' ratified v the Sovereign Pontiff. If Oranmer'a Articles XIX., XX., and XXI. were true, these General Councils might hare erred in framing the creed which his Anglican Article VI. retained. . THE CANON or SCBIFTUBH was not determined when the Nicene Creed was decreed by the Church to be the true faith as revealed by Christ, and the creed, therefore, was not verified by Soripture; nor did the 318 bishops assembled at the Council of Kicea, A.D. 325, attempt to confute Arius by Scripture, but by the oral testimony of the whole Church then and there assembled in • ecclesiastical parliament, representing most truly and faithfully the mind of the whole Church. Alexander, Bishop of Alexandria, Arius's bishop, asked the fathers assembled in the Council, " Who ever heard of this teaching before ? No one ever heard of it before, and, there/ore, it is false." It was new to the Church. The Apostles never taught it. That was enough. But the argument in the let Nicene General Council never went on Soripture. The Council knew its duty better, and that all heresy, in all ages, quoted Scripture for their heresy. If the first 7 General Councils had never met, and never debated, and never decided any question about the nature of oar Lord, nor about the Holy Ghost, nor about the Incarnation, nor the real maternity of His virgin mother being 6eo~OKOS, nor about baptism, nor about the resurrection and the life of the future ages, it is a perfectly fair conjecture to say that Christianity, as Christ taught it, would long since have been swallowed up and lost in the ten thousand subtle, insolent, and intractable heresies which have arisen, and attempted to pervert the faith as the Apostles delivered it. It is, therefore, by her General Councils the true Church has KEPT THE TRUE FAITH. I showed last week that the Deposing power of the Pope grew up in, and with, and out of, the Christian religion. This deposing power, like all the prerogatives of the Holy See and successor of Peter, was of course guarded, guided, wielded, directed, exercised, and used within and under the limitations of law. It was no arbitrary weapon capriciously handled. No one is pnnished by law without legal trial. Every king in the Holy Roman Empire took an oath of fealty to the Pope in the " Middle Ages" so called. Each swore to reign over and rule his people justly, according to the laws of that kingdom, and to respect the Papal rights as Head of the Church. The Princes of Italy were tributaries to the Roman See. The Kings of Sicily stipulated, like others, to pay the Pope a yearly tribute and acknowledge the Pope's prerogatives, and observe fealty to the Pope aB feudal lord and Supreme Pastor of the Church of which he, the king, was a member and protector. Hence the kings always styled the Pope "Holy Father," and he addressed them as " dear sons in Christ." The kings were a family of sons. The Pope was father; and this was the mediaeval feudal system then prevalent in Europe. No war was to be made without the Pope's assent, and kings breaking their oath to the Pope were held by the law of nations to have forfeited their crowns, and it rested with the Pope to declare a crown forfeited. This, of course, never took place without diplomatic correspondence and the representations of ambassadors, and such defence or explanations as any king could give. If the king's explanation was satisfactory, there was no deposing; or, if the king complained of apologised and promised better legislation and government for the time to oome, there was no deposing. Even after an exoommunioation, as in the ease of the young Emperor Henry of Germany, who went to Canossa to make his tardy submission to Pope Gregory VII., if the refractory sovereign repented, and renewed his coronation oath and aUegianoe, there was no deposing. The Popes understood their position and duty too well, as fathers of the Faithful, ever to exercise undue severity towards their royal sons, who could always offer a more or less suooessful resistance, just as grown-up sons can to a harsh or inconsiderate father. The peace of the Church was always too dear to the Popes, and the peace of the nations too intimately bound up with the peace of the Churoh, for the Popes to trifle with either. The Popes tried all the arts of paternal expostulation before resorting to the act of deposing, and never used it only when the power was openly defied and the Pope's liberty and sovereignty or life menaced. But with Protestant mobs, parliaments, or aristocratic factions, how different. When once' they had their kings in their power, no terms were offered, no mercy shown, no pity felt. Blood, nothing but blood, could appease the popular or the parliamentary or the patridan deposers. FREDERIC II., as King of Naples and Sicily, had engaged to pay annual tribute to the Pope, to respect! all the rights of the Church, and, when he 1 became Emperor of Germany, he further engaged by.'oath not to unite Sicily to the Empire, and; not .to • invade the Pope's terriory.' Despising all the ganctitiep of his oath, he invaded Upper Italy, overran Lombardy, took all Northern Italy; iand for^ thirty years maintained a contest with sfbur • .successive Popes', by- -robbing -churches, imprisoning bishops, disposing of < Sees > and cathedra appointment*, and had Tesolved on a'plan for epriving the Pope of his supreme 'pontifical oflwe, seizing the patrimony of St; Peter,taking thePope a prisoner,'compelling him to agree to iU these irregularities, and reducing him to the position of Bishop of Rome only. Yet, before the 13th Oeneral Council at Lyons, A.D. 1245, Frederio was defended by bis Chancellor, Thaddeus of Suesea, one of thb first lawyers'and oritors of the age, who for days eloquently endeavpured to explain away l all his master's offencfes • -nor was the charge levelled against his life. He was only deposed from being Emperor, and deprived 6f,the honours and emoluments. He had his' fair and fertile kingdom o# Naples fcnd Sicily and his duchies still left. With these he might still uphold his regal state and 1 enjoy monarchical luxuries. But he would be a despot. He would be bound by no law but his own imperial will, and he would conquer the Pope, or the Pope should conquer him. He would die rather than be deposed. And soon he died, died in the full vigour of middle age, at 50. Fiercely he resisted all the efforts to depose. He fought and won battles against his deposers. But ere long, in a year or two, friends fell away from him. The people of Milan and Bologna wished him back at Naples. That little sheet of paper, the Bull of deposition, was too strong for him, and his bold spirit, his handsome, finely- moulded frame, and his resolute purpose went down before the pastoral staff of the Chief Shepherd of Christ's flock on earth. He was only 50 when he died. Moreover, this deposing of Frederic II. was a step taken after full and calm judicial inquiry, and proof of the accusation made. Yet those very people who condemn the Pope's deposing power as a tyranny of the most oppressive kind are they who applaud the deposing power assumed by mobs and parliaments and political cabals. Cranmer himself, who oomposedthe Articles XIX., XX., and XXI., which so recklessly assert that General Councils have erred, committed an "error" which cost him his life. He joined in a conspiracy to defraud the Princess Mary of the crown of England, to which she was lawful heir. He attempted to depose Mary because she was a Catholic, and place Lady Jane Grey on the throne, solely because she was a Protestant. Tet the deposing power, as exercised at General Councils, was one of the " errors'' Cranmer imputedto c __ these Councils. The deposing " of . the . Pope _ was the law and the custom of Europe for several hundred years. For this reason alone it had nothing censurable, nothing arbitrary, nothing immoral, nothing arrogating in it. The feudal system has been supplanted—1st, by absolute monarchs; 2nd, by atheist revolutions; ending, 3rd, in military despotism, and finally issuing in what is oalled constitutionalism, which is only a disguised Democracy, under the shadow of which infidel communism more safely expands itself. We have yet to see that Europe is better off under Bismarck, and Falck, and Bradlaugh, and Gambetta, and Garibaldi, than Pope Gregory IX., or Innocent IV. Europe is not more peaceful, or more free from infidelity, or more disinclined to war, or more politically honest, or socially pure now than it was then ; and whatever discoveries we have made in science, mechanios, or physiology would have come as soon, and more normally, if the Popes had still the acknowledged right and power, for example, to interpose and insist on a Christian Land Law for Ireland. THB SECOND COUNCIL OF LYONS. All such guilty apostates as Cranmer are labouring in their ever infamous and lying vocation when they say that such General Councils as the 2nd of Lyons erred. The trade and calling of such conspirators against God and man is to belie, defame, and deny the Catholic Church, and curse her General Councils. These Councils condemned Cranmer by anticipation, and the apostate could do no less than condemn them, and so confess his blasphemies and apostacy. The 2nd General Council of Lyons was the scene of a solemnity which could not have failed to give joy to all the heavenly hosts. Once again, and in more ample and fraternal form, the Greek schism was healed for the 13th or 14th time. In presence of 15 cardinals, 2 patriarchs, 70 archbishops, 500 bishops, and about 1000 abbots and theologians, the Emperor, the King of Naples, and many ambassadors, the Greek representatives acknowledged the supremacy of the Roman See over the East as well as the West ; and in the Mass of Thanksgiving, the Filioque was sung both in Latin and in Greek, the Easterns thus confessing that the Holy Ghost proceeded both from the Father and the Son. The practical failure of five or six crusades in repelling the Saracens from Palestine and Jerusalem, and the consequent consolidation of the Mohammedan power, may have disposed the Greeks to a recognition of the Papacy as the glory and dcfence of the Church, and that schism is disunion, and divisions- are only weakness, defeat and misery This 14th General Council was celebrated by Pope Gregory X., whose thoughts dwelt with grief on the state of the pilgrims in Jerusalem and the military force in the Holy Land. One great object of the Council was to devise means for Bending succour to the garrisons in Judea, and, perhaps, this may have been one of the errors of General - Councils laid to their charge by Mr. Cranmer, though, if the policy of the Popes had been carried out, we should have been , saved from that Moslem incubus which has so long oppressed the breathing of civilized Europe. IfTthe Pope's policy had beeir adopted, Mr. 'Gladstone would not have had his horrifying Bavarian atrocities to chill his bloodand irehiiJ tongue, and the " Great Powers! have escaped the difficulty of driving thein out, 'and of slaughtering eachother aboutthe Side Man's goods and chattels. The direction of this 2nd Council of Lyons -was entrusted by thi Pope to St. Bonaventura, whioh arduous task he performed with great ability. Almost oontemporaneouslywiththe 'Poor UtnofLgoni, orthefoUowersofP«terWaldo,ory^ao,ttere enruwup another »eotwho caUedthem&«Tes "JfaFlagellatori." Thesehalfinsanepeople Relieved that baptism with water was a vain thing, and that the only true baptism Vras Baptism by blood. They therefore scourged tb^fl)»elV)68j with whips until the blood ran on their, flesh, and they taught that jreligion - consisted in thus flagellating themselves. . The Council condemned these fools andteretieal Tfl.uMllM.ta Flagellants, and, perhaps, this was. an--error on the Council's part, aa alsjo another decision against the costly , and dangerous Tournament* at that time : so fashionable, and in which young knighta fought on horseback with tilting lancet, and frequently lost their lives in these encounters. The 14th Council pawed thirty-one Canons relating to Discipline, and chiefly affecting the clergy, though in one of them the whole body of the faithful were enjoined to bow the head whenever they used, or heard others pronoiiirice, the most holy Name of our Lord Jesus. This bowing was in reverence to the sacred name, and also to distinguish them from any who might be tainted with the Albigensian, or with the Waldensian, or Flagellant heresy. That eminent saint, Thomas Aquinas, died during the sitting of this 2nd Council of LyonB. lie was preparing to set out for the Council, but took ill at the monasteiy -of Fossa Nuova, and there died. The Council concludcd its sessions in March, 1275, having been presided over by the Pope in person. It was one of the most remarkable of all the General Councils on account of the multitude of bishops and divines who attended it, and its celebratio was characterised by the utmost accordance and harmony. June 28, 1881. 