TUBF GOSSIP. By Augub. The Melbourne Hunt Club meeting will take place at Flemington to-day, and if the weather be fine head-quarters should be well worth a visit It ought to be a capital day's sport, for tbere are seven events on the card, and most of theBe promise interesting contests. It is, however, a ticklish thing to attempt to select winners, with two such important meetings as the V.A.T.C. and the V.R.C. looming in the distance. In the Hnrdle Race Rhesus, Sportsman, Black Prince, and Marie should famish the winner, and if Sportsman be in the humour he may prove the best of the quartette. Robbie Burns and Terrific are the top weights in the Corinthian Flat Race, and if they start I fancy one or them or Adele will win. In the Steeplechase I expect to see the best of Mr. Moran's two, Gazelle or First Love, vic torious, and next to them Mariner and Ab dullah. The Selling Stakes should be a good , thing for Bruno if he starts, and I fancy the winner of tbe Hunt Club Cup will be found in Ajax, Syphon, or Midas. If The Ghost can stay out the mile he ought to win the Handicap Flat Race, and next to him I like Minnow, Mercury, and Greyhound. To the lovers of the legitimate the Flying Stakes should prove the most interesting event of the day, as it will bring together some of oqr future champions. The stake at issue ishntSOsovs., but there will be a good field, apd, from present appearances, I think the , -SciPto tamed., "Trnutpator," in the Adelaide Observer, States that Darriwell's legs hare filled with to blfstethi^ k®0D compelled The conditions of Sydney Tatters&U;'s Club p appear in the advertising columns of le Avetralasian this week, and it will be fftbn that the club adds 600 sovs. to a sweep stakes of XO sova. each for starters. Nomi nators pay only ons sovereign when they enter, and if they are not sattfied with the weight allotted tbey can get out for this small fee. Entries close with the secretary, Mr. J. Perry,at4p.m. on the 20th of October. As the victoria Amateur Tarf Club has definitely derided to have a raoe 'meeting on Boxing Day, the Williamatown Racing Club will bond its summer meeting on the previous Saturday, 24th December. It is intended to fumigh a liberal programme, and, no doubt, the W.R.C. will receive plenty of support I believe Mr. Cox Intends to extend his October meeting to two days, Saturday, and Monday. Mr. Yuille will hold a rather important Mle of horses at Caulfield on Tuesday next, •t 8 p.m., when he will submit to auction the Derby colt Libevator, the promising; two year-old Creme de Booty, Dougalston, Hatdeeof tbe Hills, Sea King, Japan, and others. Tbey will be sold at the stables of Mr, L. L. Smith, who has lent them for the occasion, and at the same time the training stables, cottage, &c.;, of the sporting doctor will be pnt np for sale. A meeting of the members of the Victorian Trotting Club was held on Wednesday evening. A tender for making the track bridges, &c.;, on the gronnd leased at Eletern' nick was accepted, and an architect is pre paring the plans for a new grand stand. All of these improvements are to be finished in three monthB, and then a proper start will be made. It iB proposed that to the first big event the clnb shall add 200 sovs. to a sweep stakes of 20 sovs. each, for the beBt three in five mile heats, to be open to all homes. Another event that will be introduced will be a trotting sireB' produce BtakeB of 100 eovB., with 25 bovb. each added by owners of sireB. This ought to draw, and will certainly be a step in the right direction, as it will induce numbers of breeders to raise horses specially for trotting purposes. The Barb's best son was undoubtedly Tocal, and I regret to Bay that this excellent per former broke his neck a few weeks ago. After his racing career was over he was purchased by Mr. A. F. Sullivan as a station sire, and sent to Queensland. While fighting with a gelding in a paddock he knocked the latter down, and falling over him broke his neck. Some of Tocal's performances were first-class. In the A.J.C Derby he was beaten only half a head by Robinson Crusoe, and had he not changed hiB leg a few strides from home he mnst nave won. He won the Maiden Plate on the Becond day of the meet ing, and on the fourth, carrying 8st. 101b., he won the Members' Handicap. He didn't shine in the V.R.C. Derby won by Briseis, but at the same meeting he proved triumph ant in the Royal Park Stakes. In the autumn he was victorious in the All-aged Stakes at the A J. C. meeting. He showed brilliant form as a Bix year old, when he defeated Sir Joseph and others in the Footscray Stakes, and ran the mile in lm. 442s. At the same meeting he won the Darling Stakes, and added more lustre to his name by carrying 9st. 41b. and winning the Free Handicap, a mile and a half, in 2m. 38s. Tocal was by the Barb from Sweetheart, by Red Hart from MeleBina. Although most of the sport at Kensington park on Saturday last was not above mediocrity, the finish for the Hurdle Race was about the best I have ever Been, Black Prince, Nimrod, and Marie being so close together that many believed it was a dead heat between three. The judge, however, decided that it was a dead heat between Nimrod and Black Prince, and that Marie was beaten half a head. The ownerB of the dead heaters agreed to run off, unfortunately for poor old Nimrod, who broke down so badly that it was at first deemed advisable to put the poor old fellow out of his misery by Bhooting him, bnt Mr. Cox offered to take him, and he will remain at Kensington until he recovers. Lillydale was never in such form as Mr. Sam Thompson had him, and as his trainer has not tasted of the sweets of fortune lately, everybody was glad to see him have a winning turn. Rebecca was in capital trim, and she galloped in fine style. The trot was as interesting as these events usually are, but I fancy we shall see something better when Dr. Weir's recent importations patronise the track. Mr. ThomaB Skene writeB to say that Princess, the dam of Duchess, is by King Alfred from Spitfire, by Richview from a mare by Traveller, from a New Sonth Wales bred mare whoBe pedigree is not known, though she was a mare of beautiful quality, and no doubt muBt have been a pretty well bred one. The handicaps for the Murrumbidgee Turf Club meeting were published last week. For the Gold Cop Sweetmeat heads the list at 9st. 71b, but as he has not Bhown in public this season it is impossible to say whether he has retained his form or not Bathurst is second on the list with 8st. 71b. to his name, but if Mr. Fennelly is to win the trophy for Mr. White I think it will be with Martindale or Etna, neither of whom is badly treated. In such a field as will run for this prize Strathearn should have a show at 7st. 31b. Phantom, Brian Born, Tbe Marchioness, Honesty, Marmora, Sang Froid, Chucketer, Birthday, and Dictator are all pretty well in, and if moBt of these should come to the post, probably there will be an interesting race for the principal event of the M.T.C. Trump Yobs is well taken care of in tbe Grand Stand Handicap, and though he is a very brilliant animal I doubt if he can give Bathurst 71b. j and Canary 111b. For thiB race I like nothing so well as Bathurst, Canary, Gipsy Cooper, Nightmare, Phantom, Honesty, Etna, and Marmora. If Honesty can jump he ought to win the Hurdle Race, and among the steeple chasers Counterjumper and Maritana appear to me to be the best in. The V.A.T.C. has endorsed the disquali fication of MK J. Mayo, tbe hone Elastic, and the jockey Smith. - The V.R.C. committee has authorised the V.R.C. and S.A.J.C. secretaries to receive forfeits for tbe Maribyrnong Plate and the V.R.C. Mares' Produce Stakes. Tbe full list of the entries for the V. A.T.C. Great Foal Stakes and Canlfield Guineas is to hand, and I am rather surprised that although the total for the former reaches the very satisfactory number of 120, tbe breeders of New South Wales are not very conspicuous among the nominators. Mr. George Lee has three in his name, Mr. James Mitchell four, Mr. James White three, and Mr. W. Dargin four; but Messrs. A. Town, E. K. Cox, E. De Mestre, Dangar, Reynolds, and J. Lee do not | appear at all. The whole of the New South Wales entries number bnt 16, while South Australia sends 24, Sir T. Elder contributing I 18, Mr. W. Blackler 10, and Mr. W. Pile L The Hon. J. P. Bell has half a dozen in his name, so that Queensland will be pretty well represented by the descendants of Melbourne, Epigram, and Laureate, while Mr. F. H. Stnbley, who may be reckoned a Queenslander, has three by Angler and one by Emulation. Of tbe Guineas nominators from other colonies, tbe Hon. J. P. Bell is the largest contributor with six, Sir Oliver being one of tbe number; Mr. W. A. Long baa four, Saionara, ParesaeuBe, Gamin, and Grosvenor; and tbe Hon. Jarnea White also has six, Despot, Paragraph, Gostwych, Morpeth, Segenhoe, andHecla. From Adelaide there are only four engaged, all Sir Thomas Elder's. I thought Prometheus, Blue Bell, Footstep, Henrietta, and other promising youngsters would have been nominated for such a stake. However, most of the best looking of the two year olds of Victoria and New South Wales are engaged, and as Sonth Australia has a couple of good ones in Guesswork and Bassanio, we may expect to see a great race over tbe Canlfield mile, a course which iB more popular than tbe Derby mile and a half. Those who bave borsea engaged in the Maribyrnong Plate are once more reminded that if tbey do not declare tbe first forfeit of 5 sovs. before 4 p.m. on Monday next, tbe 3rd of October, they will be liable for 10 sovs. more; and aiso that nominators for the Mars*' Prodqpe Stqkegtp he fun at the Spring Meeting can get out for 2$ bovb. if paid by 4 p.m. on Monday next. The Tasmuniuu Turf BeyUter has been received, and aB it contains a record of all of the racing in the island, as well aB a list of Taemanian jockeyB, sales of horses, &c.;, it should be a valuable reference for the sports men of the colony. The compiler has omitted to give the pedigrees of the winners, but this is an oversight which will no doubt be attended to m future years. 1 notice that a very great number of the races have been won by descendants of Horatio. Mr. W. Dakin haB taken BtableB at the Laurel Hotel for Sir X- Elder's horseB, and J. Hill, who has Savanaka, First Water, and Topaz under hiB care, has secured quartern at the Racecourse Hotel. Mrs. Waldock has some first-clasB boxes to let, and as tbey are well ventilated and in a most healthy posi tion no doubt they will find occupants before the spring meeting. I believe Mr. T. Lamond intends to go to his old quarters at the Prince of AValea'. G, Cripps met with a rather Bevere injury a few days ago through a horse kicking him on the aide of the face. The members of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club have every reaBon to be satisfied with the list of entries published by Mr. Bond on Monday last. For the Selling Race 18 have been nominated, and a similar number ap pears in the Hurdle Race. For the Great Foal Stakes 29 remain in, and among these are some promising youngsters belonging to New South Wales and South Australia. There are but 14 left in the Guineas, but this number includes Royal Maid, Wheatear, Lavinia, Topaz, Koh-i-noor, and Liberator. Mr. Howie has struck out The Duke, so that we shall not have the pleasure of seeing this son of King Cole oppose Wheatear, &c.; There are only eight in the Corinthian Han dicap, but owners of horses have shown their preference for the Toorak Handicap by nomi nating 42, which number includes some really good animalB. For the Hurdle Race on the second day 21 horses have been nominated, and there are 30 two year olds in the Nursery Handicap. It is very satisfatory to find 37 horseB accepting for the Caulfield Cup, which promises to be a most interesting affair, as most of thoBe engaged in it are also in the Melbourne Cup. The Findon Harriers Cup has filled with 49 entries, and for the Steeple chase 16 horses have been entered, while the Windsor Handicap has attracted 42 entries. Altogether, it iB a moBt gratifying result, and all that is required to make the meeting a_grand success is fine weather. ABC pulled up very lame after doing a good gallop a few days age. She injured one of the muscles of her shoulder, but it is not considered seriouB, and it is hoped that she will be able to put in an appearance in a week or two. D. Jones, who is well known among racing men as a very careful and attentive man, has just recovered from a long illness, and is anxious to take charge of a horse or two. M. O'Brien has been engaged to ride for P. Hey wood's stable. O'Brien is a good horse man, with the additional recommendation of being steady, and if he keeps on the right track he will have some capital mounts during the coming season. The Caulfield trainers are anxious to have a gallop or two on the course proper, and as it would not injure the track if they were allowed to exercise on the outer portion, I hope Mr. Bond will throw it open to them for a few days. By the bye, Mr. Bond has greatly improved the steeplechase course by removing a lot of the scrub, and Caulfield just now presents a most charming appear ance. The Sydney Town and Country Journal states that the N.S.W. Government will pro vide a special train for horses on the 7th October, and Messrs. Fennelly, Tait, and Brennan, it is said, will avail themselves of tbiB opportunity to send their horses to Albury. The same journal also states that Falmouth is doing good strong work, and he may be found among the competitors at the V.R.C. spring meeting. From the Queenslander I learn that the Hon. J. P. Bell was the largest winner among Queensland sportsmen last season, £1,885 having fallen to his share; Mr. J. Finnie was Becond with £1,030, Mr. A. Reid third, with £538. H. Walsh arrived from Sydney on the 23rd September, and was accompanied by Lord Clifden, Warhawk, Sir Oliver, and Advent, all of whom were landed from the train in capital order, and at once went to their quarters at the Pastoral Hotel. On Tuesday a petition was presented to the Legislative Assembly by Mr. Murray Smith, from the Victoria Racing Club, in favour of a bill for validating the reso lution adopted at a special meeting of the club, held on the 5tn of August last, for granting a pension to the widow and children of the late Mr. R. C. Bagot. The second clause of the bill empowers the club to deal with future cases of a similar kind, shonld they arise. The petitioners ask for a remis sion of the feeB, as the obiect of the bill is charitable. The bill was read a first time on Wednesday. The members of the Ballarat Hunt Club entertained the master, Mr. A. S. Chirnside, at dinner on Saturday night About 60 lovers of the sport sat down, and Mr. M. Loughlin occupied the chair, having on his right nand the gueBt of the evening, and on his left Mr. George Russell. The vice-chair was occupied by Mr. Agar Wynne. After the customary loyal toasts had been disposed of, the chair man proposed the toast of the evening, " Our Guest," which was received with loud cheers. Mr. Chirnside responded in a short speech, and expressed a hope that he would be able next season to give them as much sport as the moBt ardent hunter could desire. " The Ballarat Hunt Club " was next proposed by Mr. G. G. Morton, who coupled with the toast the name of Mr. Agar Wynne, a gentleman who has done yeoman ser vice in promoting sport in the Ballarat district. The toaBt was received with en thnsiasm, and Mr. Agar Wynne, in reply, stated that Mr. M'Rae, the present honorary secretary, was the first to suggest the estab lishment of a hunt club, ana on Mr. A. S. Chirnside being asked to lend his assistance, he immediately replied by telegram that he would be happy to do all in his power to assiBt in forming a club, and both Mr. A. Chirnside, sen., and Mr. A. Chirnside, jun., had done all tbey could to give good sport. Messrs. G. Russell, M. Loughlin. R.Orr.S. Hoi gate, and othen had lent valuable assistance. In concluding, on behalf of the club he pre- ' sented Mr. Chirnside with a gold-mounted hunting whip. The recipient, in reply* said be would cherish it in remembrance ^ the Ballarat Hunt Club, and he hoped beprould carry it on the back of old Ajax next reason. < The toasts of Messrs. Bath and Morton and " The Farmers " were proposed*wd(M. eponded to, and after several other toMfts had been given, Mr. B. Hepburn expressed biB intention to give a prise value 100 guineas for a Hunters' Stakes to be run for at the; next meeting of the Ballarat Hunt Club. Mr, Martin Loeehlin stated that he would give another gold cup; Mr. Morton promised 60 guineas for a prise to be called the Labona Cup, and other donations brought the total of promised prizes up to £260, Bravo, Ballarat! The American trotting horaeB imported by Dr. Weir consist of Vermont Junior, 7 yrs old, by Vermont, his dam by General Taylor; Primero, 7 yrs old. by Elmo, his dam Brace let, by David Hill; Walter Scott, 3 yrs, by Carr's Mambrino, his dam by Owen Dale; Crazy Jane, 5 yrs, by Carr's Mambrino, dam by Vermont; Beatrice W., 4 yrs, by Carr's Mambrino, aam Ida May, by Owen Dale, granddam Ida May, by the celebrated Bel mont ; Lady Fleetwood, 5 yrs, by Carr's Mam brino, her dam by Young Morrill; Mountain Maid, 4 yrs, by Elmo, her dam Bracelet; Lady Lightfoot, 4 yrs, by Carr's Mambrino, dam Santa Clara, jun., by Owen Dale, granddam by Belmont; Hattie Weir, 2 yrs, by Elmo; and Strideaway, by Elmo. Elmo, the sire of some of the above, was one of the best trotters over a distance in America, and as tbe above horses and mares descend from some of tbe most famous trotting strains, Australia Bhould now be pretty well off for this particular class of animaL The secretary of the Williamstown Racing Club, on behalf of the committee, has written to tbe committee of the V.A.T.C., pointing out that the intention to hold a race meeting at Caulfield on Boxing Day will, if persisted in, necessarily involve the W.R.C. in a serious Iosb, inasmuch as the Boxing Day meetings are the only source of revenue upon which the club can rely to enable the com mittee to liquidate the financial obligations already entered into. Mr. Bond, replying for the V.A.T.C., stateB that he placed the matter before his committee, who, while re gretting that their action Bhould in any way interfere with the W.R.C., desired him to say that the decision to hold a meeting on Boxing Day could not be rescinded, inasmuch as the committee were only carrying out the wishes of the members of their club, who for some time pagt had been anxious that a race meet ing should be held at Caulfield on that day. The adjourned annual meeting of the Bal larat Turf Club was held at the George Hotel, on Monday evening, when about 20 members were present. Mr. M. Loughlin was in the cbair. The report Btated that the present committee, on taking office in 1880, found a credit balance of £138 15g. 9cL, which they have increased to £23713s. 2d., after making improvements to the extent of nearly £100, paying £38 9s. lOd. expenses for a meeting that was to have been held in November, which was abandoned, and paying £30 liabili ties properly due last year. The balance sheet for 1880-81 showed the total receipts to be £1,192 2s. 8d., inclusive of a balance of £13815s. 9<L brought down from last year; subscriptions, £346 5s.; donations, £5 5s.; fines and interest, £15 14s. lid.; and total revenue from meetings, £686 2s. The follow ing members were elected as a committee for the ensuing 12 monthsMessrs. A. S. Chirn side, R. Orr, D. Brophy, G. Russell, and R. Gibbings. Maud S., tbe queen of the trotting turf, has surpassed all her previous effortB by trotting a mile on the Rochester track in 2m. 10£s. She had a week previously tried to beat her best record, 2m. 10£s., but could not get under 2m. 10fs., a high wind that was blow ing being againBt her, but at Rochester the weather was very fine, and the track in splen did order, She trotted the quarter in 32fs., the half mile in lm. 5£s., the three-quarters of a mile in lm. 37£s. " Now," says the Spirit of the Times, " came the crucial test. After such a draft upon her powers could she keep up tbe killing pace, or so nearly keep it up as to win ? She had 32£s. left in which to gain the victory, and one more flicker of a band on the dial would make the trial a failure. Those who watched with powerful glasses the resolute manner in which she swept into the last quarter began to feel con fidence, and the confidence was increased at every rod Bhe travelled with no indication of faltering. Never swerving from a direct line, true as as a Creedmoor bullet seeking the bull'B-eye on a still day, strong and courageous to the last, she sped down to the finish, trotting the last quarter in precisely the time Bhe had to spare, and just as fast as the first quarter, 32fs., making the time of the mile 2m. 10£s., beating her own record by one quarter of a second." Bravo, Maud ! At the same meeting Piedmont, who appears to be the " coming horse'' among the scallions, won three heats easily in2m. 20^s., 2m. 19£s., and 2m. 17fs. The South Australian Jockey Clnb meeting held last Saturday appears to have been fairly successful, but the management does not appear to have been quite up to the mark. The totalisator, as usual at this course, was not satisfactorily worked, and official time was taken for the Derby only. The local papers state that a gentleman whose word is reliable complained that after D.O.D. stumbled at the last jump in the Hurdle Race the figures relating to New Zealand, who was winning, were altered so as to appear as if £10 more had been invested upon him. The secretary and Mr. £. M. Bagot explained that the money was all right, and that itwas only theoperatorad justing the figure 7, which Bhould have been 8, when the gong sounded to close the machine. This expla nation was not considered satisfactory, as the alteration took place when the race was nearly finished. Why don't the S.A.J.C. obtain a simple machine like that used by the Adelaide Racing Club ? Altogether £3,680 were invested in the machine, and in the Hurdle Race the dividend for each sovereign waB £114s.; Derby, £2 2s.; Sapling Stakes, £6 16s.; Steeplechase, £2 14s.; and Holdfast Handicap, no less than £5314s. The racing was good. Manuka's son, New Zealand, won the Hurdle Race, and Topaz, by Country- . man from Cameo, was triumphant in the Derby, the time for the mile and a half being 2m. 45sec. 1 am sorry to hear that Topaz, was lame after he pulled up, though as he had been lame during the time he was train ing, it may not be very serious, and Hill mar be able to patch him up for the Caulfield Guineas. The race which possessed most interest to Victorians was the Sapling Stakes, for which a dozen two year olds started, this number including several candidates for Maribyrnong Plate honours. A shocking bad start was effected, and Blue Stocking got the best of it, but Satanella ran her down In the straight, and won cleverly. The winner is a rare-bred one, as she is by the defunct Bethnal Green from Beeswing, by Ladyldrk, Glenormiston, bred her, and at their yearling sale, Mr. W. Pile purchased her for 231 guineas. She ran in H. To thill's name, and this painstaking trainer also won the steeple-^ chase with Clifton. It was a go * ,ance for the Vagabond to carry 9i win the Spring Handicap. The mainly owing to R. Batty's fine this horseman also piloted Steeplechase. I was very gi~. ~ Mr. W. A. Filgate sowed a victory. Baalbec in tbe Holdfast Handicap, aud i , hope this may be only tbb forerunner of moif** '■ important triumphs. A telegram from |hat hn application was made totlrt^^^^Ihrt^toq^ made by Mr. H^ry -pow under going imprisonment for ipBolveo^y, were «- •. ooverable by the assignees, and whether bets made in Victoria affected his position in South Australia. The judgeB answered both questions in the affirmative. From this, I presume, it has been decided that any moneys paid by Mr. Bennett to bookmakers, for bets made by him, maybe recovered by tlie assignees of the insolvent. If this be the correct hypothesis it will fall rather hard upon some of our metallicians, who will not, I presume, be able to recover any sums Mr. Bennett may have won from them, nor will they be allowed to be urged as a "set-off." There was some good racing at Mary borough, where a very smart filly in Adele was introduced to the public. The starting was not up to Mr. Frazer'a usual form, but the weather was fine, a capital luncheon was provided, and Mr. Buhlert was as active as ever in his endeavours to bring matters to a satisfactory issue. Only 13 horses have been nominated for the Oeelong Racing Club Sires' Produce Stakes of 1SS5. Although the nominator of the breeder of the winner is to receive £100, there is not a single nomination from New South M ales, the only stranger being the Hon. J. P Bell, who has entered Epigram, and, no doubt, this will enhance the value of some of tbis horse's stock. I miss the names of such sires &b; NewminiBter, Gang Forward, Countryman, Columbus, Piscator, Robinson Crusoe, Maribyrnong, Kelpie, and Goldsbrough. In response to a deputation from the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, the Commis sioner of Railways has consented to allow all country passengers to visit Melbourne at ex cursion fares daring the V.A.T.C. meeting. I believe tickets will be available from Wed nesday, the 12tb, to Monday, the 17th October. The American trotting stallion Boccaccio, the imported trotting mare Tilda C., and the two-year-old colt Prince Patchen, were on view at Kirk's Bazaar on Friday, and all had a large number of admirers. Friday Evening. It was reported to-night that there was likely to be an objection to two of the horses engaged in the Hunt Club Cup, there being a slight difference of opinion respecting their qualification to ran. If there is to be any thing of the kind, it is to be hoped action will be taken before the race. Scbatchings.—Zambesi, for the Melbourne Cup, at 1.15 p.m., on the 27th September ; Cjnic, for.M.ILC. Corinthian Race ; Albyn, Cumberland, and Glenorvan, for M.H.C. Hurdle Race ; Blue Ribbon, A. B.C., Declama tion, Beadsman, Jack of Clubs, and Riverton, for the Flat Race ; Lucy, Prince Alfred, and Cotherstone, for the Steeplechase; Magnet, for the Flying StakeB; Warrandyte, Hector. Marquis, and Peter Grey, for Amateur Steeplechase. 