MR. MATTHEW ARNOLD OK' IRELAND. Under the title of ' The Tneompatibles' tho most cultured of Englishmen dis cusses, in the columns oil the Nineteenth Century, the condition and prospects of Ireland — her attitude towards England — her claims and the duties of the nation in her regard. Mr. Matthew Arnold is conscious that his countrymen are the ' objects, in his own words, 'of a glowing1 fierce, unexplained haired on the part of tho Irish.' To him personally as an Englishman the failure of his countrymen to attach Ireland is a cause — as lie con fosses — of mortification and humiliation, lie contrasts Alsatian acquiescenco in the rule of France— nay, her complete identification of herself to 'the extent of iitu-uu; ;uui paineiic sacriiico with the conquering nation.— with English failuro in Ireland ; and he has not the least hesitation in avowing his admiration for French civilization and its attractive forces. But we have not thought it necessary to draw atteniion to his article (very striking and instructive though it. may be in fhi.s ivqier.i) i',.r tlu- purpose of considering nniional comparisons, or of speculating upon what might have been the actual condition of Ireland under other European governments. Mr. Arnold indeed is so profoundly sensible of tho urgency and the gravity of the situation that it is to the instant applica tion of remedial measures that he mainly addresses himself. And before dealing with these ho presents to his countrymen a picture of Ireland, which is perhaps as a literary work unexampled in a depart ment of letters in which many powerful descriptive artists have found full play for their genius. Ho maintains that the ever-accumulating miseries of Ireland — the famines, the semi-starvation, the oppression, the matchless sufferings of the people — render acquiescence in their ' conquest impossible ; that a sense ' of permanent settlement and of the possessors' prescriptive title to their- ' property cannot spring up, and ' that the ^ conquered cannot blend themselves into one nation with their conquerors.' He comes to this most melancholy conclu sion, evidently with all the reluctance-.'; of a just, a highly sensitive, and a noble nature — not from the statements of Land Leaguers, nor from any rhetorical ex- ?? travagances of those who, without true ' ;: sympathy, -would use even Irish suffering ' as a political instrument ; but from a calm ?. and passionless survey of the condition of '.'};; Ireland from the time of Elizabeth, when, :;; as he remarks, the middle age had ended, and the modern age had begun, down to r this very year. He cites Spenser, who .. described the Irish peasantry as 'crea- tures creeping forth upon their hands, ?; for their legs could not bear them' — ;- 'anatomies of death' — 'speaking like j; ghosts crying out of their graves '; Swift, a century and a-half later, with his ferocious vigour excus- ?'?[ ing himself from any despondency about the aged diseased or maimed poor, because, as is well known, 'they are dying every day and rotting by cold, and famine, and filth, and vermin, as fast as can be reasonably expected ;' and, last of all, Colonel Gordon, who declared the other day ' that the state of our fellow- '.,.? countrymen in tho South-west of Ire- .'!'; land is worse than that of any people in . the world — let alone Europe !' * Ifc ?'-.' is from these authorities that Mr. Arnold obtains his information about the country ; and has satisfied himself that ? ? : its condition' is unchanged — that at this moment it is a shame and a reproach to our humanity — that the miseries and suf ferings of its people are a national peril — ? and what is infinitely worse, a national dishonour. When Irish sufferings are said to be the. ingenious devices of un scrupulous politicians — when the cries of a famishing people are declared to be tho chorus of a trained disloyalty— and :'; Our readers will remember that some months uineo wo drow attention in two leading articles (_o the picture of Ireland given to the world by this remarkable man — who io regarded in several parts of .Europe 'a6 one of tho most rarely gifted commanders and administrators of the oge. tHe claim for a fair settlement of tlie land question is pronounced to be an act of insurrection — it will not be forgotten that the ilrafc man oi: culture in England — known throughout ICuropc — a man as distinctively .Lflnglush. and Liberal as any living representative of tho race — lias not scrupled to declare in 1881 that in Ire land, in the language of Burke— -which Mr. Arnold quotes — 'all pretext has been abandoned of the general good of the community.' 