RAMKCES ROUND THE Gi EDENS. [By a. SrarssAS Bbsidbxt.] SOME GB0TT0B3 AND FERNEEIE3. Having beea informed that there were some very handsome specimens of ornamental horti cultural arclii tec tare in course ot construction introduction to view tee same a lew aajs ago. Qpon the way I visited Mr. Bdwin_ Smith's nursery a* Clifton, and ran through hb hoases ind grounds just to admire some of his plants. The beautiful Pharcclcs caraca'Ja, or screw bean, aas this year lost the greater part of its foliage rery early, probably on account of the coolness of the summer. I noticed an immense stock of popular Dlants, such as Statices, Dioamas, Bon F&idiafl;, roses, asa other well-known plants; but cew thiEgs were comparatively scarce, Mr. Smith Lnformicg rce that he Snds the old favourites jive more satisfaction to his customers generally than do the tboaflacd-and-cEe new plants, or sld plants with new uarnes, which are catalogued in big tj^ea nowadays. He is not destitute of rare and good plants, however, for whenever he hears o! anything really good he procures it; is, for instance, he has a, good stock of JaoirancH taimoEafolia, one of the it»ost magnificent lower ing shrubs known to gardeners, and only lately Found to be suitable fcr ontdoor growth by a plant being put in the open ground at Mr. K. Barr Smith's place at Torrens Psrk. I eonld not help admiring the beantijol Pa-wi3o'» 'Imperttrice Bugenie,'; which keeps Soweric3 nearly all the jear round under tbe pro tection of the shadeiou.e; also the two elemstises, O. ' Jackmanni ' and C 'Prince Df Wrles,' both of whiclj '9 veiy handsome climbers, covered with large flowers, one dark-bine, and the other of a lighter tint. If I had given way to my inclinations I should have stayed a good long time, bat Mr. Smith hinted that it would take all my time to do justice to the objects for wb?ch the day was de voted, and he kindly accompanied me to the Hon. G. 0. Hawker's garden, where he intro duced me to Mr. Georgison, the bead gardener, who showed us over the houses, kc. The fernhonse is built upon the natural surface, and the ferns aie staged npon a built-up rockery, in imitation of some of the rough places which are to be found in limestone countiy, with here a rill, or a petty cascade, or a quiet little pool, with fish hiding away under the shade of a miniature rock, or swimming into or out of the saves. Sometimes there is a bold crag jutting out over a pool, end then a slopir^ rock running gently down into the water, then a pinnacle pointing skywards like a steeple. Between the recks there ue hollows, and os casionally a plateau, in or upon which the alluvium has collected, and in this rich soil, kept in a properly damp state by hidden springs, are growing innumerable varieties of ferns, from the graceful Adiantum Gracillimum to tae bold- foliaged Adiantum Peruvitnum, or A. Farleyense, or A. Trapeziforme, with Lycopods, Pteris, Gymnogr&mmae;, and representatives of all the tribes gathered from the four corners cf the earth. By a very ingenious arrangement the house can be heated either wholly or in part. It is covered, of course, with glass, and kept in first-class order. The rock work looks exceedingly natural, and there is no evidence of cementing, or of the handiwork of the artist about it ; yet it is all the work of one who, by his art, so imitates Nature that bat few can recognise the difference. Tne grotto is only partly built in another part of the grounds, and is a very extensive work, thought cot yet nearly finished. It is sur rounded by a circle of Schinua molle, already well grown up, and is entered by a long descend* ing circular pathway, probably much over 100 yards in length. On each side of the pith will fca built rockwork such as may be found at the entrance of a stalactite cave— of this a portion has alreidy been finished— and upon the rocks will be grown all kinds of plant* usually found in such localities. The floor of the pathway, and of the whole work, will be of stalagmitic formation, to be in character with the re it of the work. As we descended the rocks began to rise on each side until they toner above our heads, aad the water began to ooze out from crevices in the rocks, or from beneath big boulders, and ran in a rill alongside the path or across it. We travel on and ou, every turn showing some new formation ; and at last pass through m opening in the rock, having an arch overhead, and find ourselves in a grotto or cave, with any number of stalactites descending from the roof, each of which has its counterpart in the stalagmite beneath. In some places they are joined into a solid pillar; in others they have just met by a narrow thread ; and. again, there are other* -which are just beginning to form, and are therefore widely separated. As there is an opening to Use air above, it is only natural that we should find ferns and such-like grow ing iu such a congenial place — and here they are in numbers. The whole place being damp from the continually dripping water which forms the stalactites, it is highly suitable for the growth of confervas, mosses, lichens, and tie like, and already the stones begin to show a green hue through the presence of these cryptogamic plants. 'When standing in this grotto it is difficult to imagine tb«t it is not all natural, and I was foolish e rough to ask Mr. Bobinette from whence he obtained the stalao tites, &c;, and got for answer, ' Out of my head, with the aid of cement' — that is, be made them cf cement and other material. At present the grotto is temporarily covered with an open lath roof; but it is probable that when completed there will be a glasshouse over it. Although there is apparently a vast quantity of water runniBf, it is more appsrent than real, for the same stream that forms a rill above is made to do duty further down in a pool, and still further as pprt of a cascade, and then helps to make a lake which overflow* into a cistern, from whence it is pumped out, and helps to irrigate the lawns and garden. In the summer time this grotto will be a most charming retreat from the heat, where we can sit upon natural-looking blocks of ccol stone, or upon the roots of trees which have conveniently become bared just at the righi spot for taking in the best views of the cascades and ?pools, together with the beautiful plants and the lights and shades fr'ling from the sides above, which are made to appear more remote by the umbrageous growth of the pepper-trees sur rounding the opening. It would require a very large space in these columns to fully describe all the beauties of these two artistio works, which, although entirely the result of art, are in strict accord with Nature, so far as appearance is con cerned. Of course the heating apparatus, which is not seen in the fern-house unless searched ior, and the plants from a'l parts of the world, would not be found in Nature, but still the uninformed would not think of criticising the accessaries in tlis manner. The rockwork, stalactites, be, look perfectly natural. leaving this charming spot somewhat re luctantly, we proceeded to Montefiore House, the property of His Honor the Chief Justice, who kindly permits his head gardener (Mr. J. H. Mohan) to admit a visitor to the garden occasionally. Here we were permitted to examine another piece of Mr. Robinette's handi work, in the shape of a fern grotto. This, although open the same principle as the grotto at the Hon. G. C. Hawker's, is qnite different in form. It is covered in with a lath shade house of a very neat construction, designed and erected by the late Mr. John Saxby, of Puls ford & Co.'s, and has a most ingenious con trivance fcr preventing the drip which ia so in jurious to some plants. Inside the bouse there are a number of tree ferns, with fronds seveial feet in length, besides an immense number of rue and valuable ferns and pluits from every pait of the earth's surface, together with a goad collection from caves and other p!*cea beneath it. The grotto is entered by a sinuous and descending pathway, bounded by 'beetling cliffs and hoary crags,' down which torrents fall and cataracts roar — in .miniature. The walls are becoming covered with all kinds of ferns, mosses, &c;, from the spores which have been shed by the introduced plants. After descending a short distance we come to a plateau with a cascade falling from above into a natural-lcoking basin below. Here, we stand for a time admiring the scenery around us ; a cliff behind us, with the water descending in drips and drops, in rills, streams, aad cascades ; in front, the fern-clad heights, rising tier upon tier until the summit is reached — perhaps eigbt feet high I though in effect it appears that one is standing on the floor of an amphitheatre, with the everlasting hills surrounding him. (The fact is, when one gets into such a place as this he must give the reins to fancy, and fancy will lead him a long way sometimes. ) On the right hand, looking towards tbese ' hills'' is » rustic stairway with a handrail, leading up wards and over a rise, and when this is mounted we have again to descend by a rough pass until we come to a stalactitic grotto, within which is a (ilent pool, in which numerous little fishes disport themselves. These rocks are really Nature's work, and were imported by Mr. S. B. Heyse from raves in the celebrated Black Forest of Germany, which once was so thickly populated with gnomes, elves, fairies, spirits, imps, ghost;, f*y». genii, phantoms, shades and other iitas gible forms of the mystic world, that it was scarcely possible to stick a pins point between them, and I suppose some of these must have become entangled in the rough interstices of the stalacritie formation built up here, which may account for the fairy-like appearance- of the grctto. Turning my back to the cave there tbtre is another beautiful piece of work, and on the right '«iard there ia a nitnral-looking brook flowing beiide a hill, in its bed are lying the round water worn pebbles always -ound in place*, md by is brink are growing numerous plants which might naturally bo found there. The light comes m froa above, and at the leaves of 'he plants and tue fronds of the ferns are moved «nd swayed by the winds, so toe li^htf acd shades below shift from point to point. Now comes a glint of sunshine, lighting the falling §pr»js ef water, and infmio? them with a thousand rain Sow tints ; then comes a shadow frcm a flood or a branch making a sombre rhaie ; and so tee light pliys at hide-aad- seek sjrocgat: -the nooks and recesses, until fancy tVgiti* \o fill the p'v» with fairy form*. If any prccf were needed of the cooling and ameliorat ing infiaence of foliage upon climate it could easily be afforded by the results of observationi made in this artificial grotto and fernery daring this summer. Probably the total depth below the smface is under twelve fest, and there is a considerable area open to the sir above, yet within the shadehoose there was & great dif ference between the temperature at the surface acd at the floor cf the grotto, where the heat indicated ntver exceeded 75° Fahr., and the difitrercs between tho wet end dry balb was almost comical. Sometimes the heat at the surface ran up to the nineties. This cool atmosphere may be acfounted for by the fact that plants are continually giving out moUtare in hot weather, and the rapid evaporation m^kes cold— the heat rising and the cold descending to the grotto, where it is retained. To those who are ill, and suffering from the heat of saramer, such a retreat as tnis would be an inestimable boon. If we tarn again to the cave, we observe on the right hand a narrow, rongb, upward path leading under an arched piece of rock, and fey clambering up this we get npon the roof, as it vfere, of the cave, and from here we obtain a fine view of the greater part of the plants with which the place ia farniahed. The rockwork here ia not quite finished, bat there is a deal to look at and admire. The fern tribes are all lovely— from the graceful Adhntum gracillimum to th« gigantic Tree Fern (Dick sonia antarctica), the frocda of which ia its fall growth reach a length of 13 to 20 feet by thiee feet in width. Here the Dickeonias are the largest I ha?e ever seen ' in captivity,' and aa they are not planted in formal rows cor upon ??he same level, they lcok quite natural ia their posi tions, neither dwarfiEg nor detracting from the beauty of the o^her plants. A few rashes and grarses might perhapa add another touch to the completeness of the work, especially where the fish are in the pools, but this is onlj a matter of taste, and here probably I am at faolt. I cannot close my remarks upon this garden without offering a tribute of praias to the perfect manner in which every part of the gardening work Ja performed. The plants in the houses are kept as clean as ia possible to be, the medium for exterminating scale, thrip, red spider, aphis, and every kind of pest being kenmne, applied by using a wineglassf al of kercsine with a gallon of seapsuds made with eof t soap, the compound beirg kept in a state of mixture by continaoui rgitation whilst being need. The flower b^ds outside are positively crowded with flowers and foliage plants, and the lawns are as green as green can be. All this is kept up by unceasing attention, and therefore credit is due to all con cerned. 