OED DBtJBY tANE. Mb.' Edward Stirling, who has been'. fori many years well known to the pnblicas the etage-managerof -Drury-lane, has. published ; his fifty years'; WooUeotions as author, aotay ' and manager, uude'rthe title of ' Old Drury Lane (Ghatto and WinduB). Like all actors1 biographies, these two yolames are brimful of entertainment. The author has amemory well stored witlithe traditionsof -theBtage, and bis own' experiences aB an actor, though . -lie never reached to any Eminence in the :profession, -will be fonnd extremely interest- ; ing; He writes 'in a terae, pointed etjlo, .fclmosttoo pregnant with matter, -aridtells ' a story well. Bo full of gooil things iridebd ; ' is his :book, and Bo bloBely packed, that'it' is : .. hard -to detach any quotable passages. Heiro ?is a stray .-of how a'gentlemah from 1)nblih - 'pspbundfed'teblfianS from- the 'antique to a j ?fEAvetpool Audience : — ' First -Tableau— : ';;':Ajax defying the lightning ; ' music.; First , . Groiip^Esponent : ' A Jack defying of to { lightuiug.' Secohd Group — ? Hercules kill- ; ing the Nemenli lion.' Exponent:': 'Her- . class- killing -a nameless' lion;' ;v(Cphsider-.: able merriment in front.accompaJiied 'with : my anger at thewing, telling the' exponent ! to dome off. Not iie.1 ) Thitd ? Group— ' Cains Marias sitting among -the ruins bf .Carthage'.'1 This was interpreted;'; 'Caiis ? Morimes sitting on ' — referring to'theliBt^ -f-I cai'V 'inake ^Sut bedad ! ' House inaroaiV down camfr'tba curtain, away ran -the 'exponent;' rafter him.' Of Macready;wlio wftsdietiuguislied 'for bis imperious manner andvile'temper, there are several laughable' anecdotes. Onoe playing in Lear in the provinces; the property man being told in writing to pro vide a map for the opening scene, where Lear divides bis kingdom,' had read it mop. ' At -night the tragedyicommences ; Mac: ready, in full state On the throne; calls for bis map, a super, noble, kneeling, presents the. aged king ai white curly mop. The astounded actor rushed off the Btage, drag ging the unfortunate nobleman and his mop with bim, actors and - audience wild with delight.' On another occasion, on bis ration from America, he was playing Ham let at the Princess's, Oooper, being ghost. Macready was very particular about bis dead father's dress, always furnishing it himself. 'In tbe scene where Hamlet ' follows his sire to the ramparts of Elsinore Castle, at the moment when tlie spirit pro claims himself Hamlet's buried, 'father, Cooper started and rubbed bis neck, proceed ing, 'thy father's spirit, doomed fora certain timeto — .' (Another jerk of his ghostly head.) (Aside.)—' What thedevilis.it?' Macready (groaning with rage), ' go on, sir.' I can't; I'm ate up alive by something,' wriggling and twisting his body. .- Audience laughing. Tragedian — ' Get off, sir.,' Cooper, rrr ' Where's the trap ? ' (to lead to sulphurous flames), feeling with his foot for it ; .descends, rubbing' Bis back. ' 0, remember me.' Macready, in a towering passion, rushed to the green-room when the aot- drop fell, demanding an explanation of John for his strange conduct. ' Ask the cockroaches in your infernal, armour.' It was discovered on . search to be .swarming with cockroaches, never having been' unpacked until that night since it was used in America.' An Irish playbill .of the [Theatre. Royal, , Kilkenny, is . . . quoted, which announces that on a certain date 'will be performed, by desire aud command of . several respectable .people in this learned matrapolisb, the Tragedy, of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, .originally written and composed by the celebrated Dan Hayes of Limerick,and insartedin Bhakspeare's works.' 'Hamlet, it is an nounced, ' will between the acts play several solos oh the patent bagpipes, which, play two tunes at. the same time.' . Ophelia ' will introduce several' favourite airs , in character,, as .the Lass, of Richmond Hill, Ac. The parts of the King and Queen, by directions of the Bev.; Father O'CaHaghan, will be omitted, as too immoral for, any stage.' ' The characters to be dressed in Roman shapes, and the value of the tickets as usual, will, be taken out if required .in candles, bacon, soap, butter, cheese, potatoes, &o.;, as Mr. Keams wishes inevery particular to accommodate tbe publio; rjfe.'i.'Uo smoking allowed or swearing. , No; person; whatsoever will be admitted into the, boxes.! without shoes or stockings.'! Some of .the playbills which Mr. Stirling prints at large are curiosities in another ' kind, as .showing how infinitely superior was the cast, .even iu ordinary pieces, in those palmy days of forty or fifty years ago than now, : when a siligle star constitutes a company, with a bundle of sticks. In the oast of London Assurance at Convent-Garden in 1841 there is not one name which is not famous among those of William Farren, James Anderson, : Charles Matthews, Harley, F. Matthews, Keeley, Meadows, W. H. Payne, ? Mrs. . NeBbitt, . Madame Vestris, arid Mrs. Keeley. 'What modern playbill can match this array of talent ? ' As a complete record of the stage of Old Druiy, Mr,,' Stirling's; book 'will .lie' invaluable to future historians of tie English drama.— Melbourne Argus. , Amebkjan Substitutes fob Timber, — Oar American . cousins in their ingenuity : are finding- several? substitutes, for ' timber 'in '- -different 'industrial applications;' Pine: sawdust highly compressed has been suc cessfully used to make' up centre frames of carriage-wheels. It is said to be so solid that it will bear a pressure equal to twenty three -tons per square inoh. As sawdust has also been used for partitions and bricks, its ' applications to the production of complei carvings and mouldings does not seem far off. This opens up quite , a new marketfor : sawdustr-whioh has hitherto been a com paratively 'waste produot. A more startling substitute still for- planking been' manufactured from straw. We are infrirr^ that the inventor can mariufaoture timber in any desired lengths from twelve feet and upwards ? and to thirty-two inohes in width, at a coBt competing with the better grades of pine. Such artificial -wood has several distinct advantages. It oan hold a hail as well or better than' wood, and of bourse cannot contain knots or deoayed partp. - It. is capable of taking a high degree of polish, and finish, arid if it will oompare with pine planking in America it ought to . be much 1 cheaper over here. When weconsiderthe frightful appearance offered by doors, \- window-frames, shutters, of new domestio' dwellings, there is no doubt that amaterial such as this, not liable .to shrinkage, would be a perfect boon to both builders and \- ocoupiers. Being also made waterproof, we see no poBBible reason why it should not be as durable, if not more so,' than pine or oak, : ' while'its adaptability is evidently as great for roofing purposes as for' the fine work of a dwelBng.r— Buildingand Engineering Times. . . Pouor op Alexandeb III.— The ' Paris - correspondent of . the Times has seen advance ? proofs of an artiole on Alexander HI in ; tended for the Revue 'Politique. „? The artiole. he -states, is written by -a Russian of high' position, intimately j acquainted with ! the new Czar's idoks and oharaoteri The ; ..writer, indicates: &b; reformsearly on the -point of being /introduced' when nihiliBln, broke out— a great deduction of the peasants' ? payments for their land j . a' thorough re \- modelling of taxation ; facilities for migra- - 'tion from one-province to another;: passport ; 'facilities; ;arid^ -.therestablishment of, rural ' hanks, thus puttirig'dowh tlie petty usurers. . rNot only /will, -the Emperor take tup these : measures, but the writer foreshadows the .m'test^of 'the Russian advBnce 'in . Cebtral Asia ahd' resistance to - Panslayisiri, : and . dwells .on -the Czar's thoroughly Ilussian sentiments, - his love for the peasantry, and ' 'his: detestation .of administrative corruption. ?Ho'^oeB on to say ' Alexander HI will j iilso Bertainly do his utmost to improve the ! Bituatiomof the clergy, while giving greater : freedom to thejOld.-BelieVers, who ate. it is \ As to ,;a oon1 ; etitution vpcoperly. .so ..oalled, !it; would be '^thwf)Suip^ui^;ifi:M: granted'- it.: t AU concessions .from 4Mb point will,: no doubt, be confined to allowing greater latitude to the . provincial: administration. He will consent to let the country share to a certain limited extent in tbe management of affairs. In any case it cinnot be forseeri that he will grant more than a simple meeting of depu ties, with a mere consultative vote on a fixed subject, the sole object of the meeting. TIiub, such an assembly was summoned to give its opinion on .the question of emancipating the serfs. It will, perhaps, be the same with the . new distribution of taxes and all financial questions connected with it. AB to all the other questions, freedom of the presB, .judicial reform, popular instruction, abolition of administrative exile and of rural gendarmes, it iB not likely that he will depart from the system of liberal ordinances. He may grant great favours without appear ing to acknowledge a right. It is not even to be supposed that the 'assemblies will be called upon to deliberate . and give their opinion on these: subjects. * * * * Abroad it may be affirmed that the Ozar will maintain a perfectly peaoeful, almost reserved policy. He will strive to maintain his good relations with Germany, towards which country his attitude will be sensibly the same as his father's. France will, no .doubt, enjoy a more marked degree of sympathy, while his relations with Austria will probably have an appearance of distrust. In any case it is all up with what they call the triple alliance. . It. will not be seen again. The new. relations with England will almost certainly assume a character of greater cordiality, which will be more especially r manifested i by the cessation of the' advance of RusBia in Asia. A con sideration which leads one to predict these ; feelings of Alexander III towards England. ! is his warm friendship for the Prince of Wales.' . . ? ? Ubino Eleotbioitv in the Impbovement op ? Flocr. — It is more than likely that the present American process (in some of the . states) of working flour has no interest here. , But if any of our wheat has similar qualities \- to that treated as described in America, it may be'of interest to triillers to refer to. the' full description of the process; in the Scien-: tifio American of April 9. Either the varying climate, or -'/variations in the ? soil, had led to the wheat ; produced in certain of the states to be mainly ; spring wheat, : while in others it /wais1 principally winter wheat. - For many ytears the -American ; flourj for export, was made' almost entirely from' winter wheat, grown in the ' older . settled states.' . But the main wheat- crop in the newer states;- to the' north-west, .(ap proaching the -frontier lirie between - the United States and the British Colonial land) . waB £pring]wheat. ^ By the ordinary milling ? . processes, .the flour inade from this spring wheat waB mainly of poor '? grade. it was dark in colour from the' great proportion ; of ; bran «tnd other parts mixed with the floury from- the hard brittle character of the slrin of the wheat grown in this part of the states. ; The- discovery of a means for remedying 1 this evil was made so recently as 1876. Mr. .K. Smith, an American, was making aprac tical study of the European systems of milling, when it struck him -that perhaps electricity, as developed by friction, might be used to -remove the excess of bran. Alter much labour and preparatory failures, the idea' has . been practically worked out, by' jMr. T. B. Osborne, in conjunction'with Mr. K. Smith; and it has .revolutionised the .position of ' ' American flours ' from the ? different states. A series of hard 'rubber : ?rollB (seVin 'a long maohine) are capped' eacb ' with a prepared sheepskin. The ?sheepsldci'iB a fixture, but the rolls revolve .as the machine works. The flour, -,pre- iviously ground, is made to travel slowly - {along beneath the eeries of rubber rolls. |The friction of each roll against its sheep 'skin top makes : the surface of the roll; jslightly _ electrified, aii'd:; keeps -it so. The flour, with its'irijuiiouB particleB of broken hulls and other impurities fly up to the eleotrified roll, and, passing up round and down on its surface, drop into a channel set to reoeive them.' So fer as we cau judge (riot understanding milling), it requires repeated travels of thiB kind to finally separate from the flour every inferior particle 1 outbf this flour. The delivery is so arranged, on.g&oh;'travel, that the -flour falls into one reoeptacle, and the inferior particles that have gone into the channel fall into another. S (/effectual is the attractive power of the eleotrified : surface of the rubber rolls, although by slow degrees as shown abovo, that the very dust of the mills 'is gathered and put through the prooeBs, from time tb time -'with a profitable result. The prooess is applied to an enormous quantity Of wheat; from this newer populated part; ' ' ROMANCE m Rkaj. - TjTfk:.-— ' 'Rnr1inJ it: seems. it is customary for .those who make their wills tij do so', at, a .publio office. , In caBe of iHnoss, of , course, .this cannot be. done, and notice is Bent that certain officials should visit the would-be ..testator 'at hiB own' house. Applications were tlius made last weelj on behalf of a certain merchant. In course of the inquiries ats to' identity, the sick man's attendaut oalledthe landlord, who testified to the invalid having . -been his : lodger Tfor a .long time. 1 jThie.iawyers.tbien ' began : to.- prepare a oo'dioil, jWhen a noise ; was ..heard on the .staircase! aud a man domandeid admittance, which was at first refused him: ' ' Oh gaiiiing his point he said 'that' .'man yonder iB liot the, .man. 'he, 'pretends to. be. ' The mercliaat whiose name : ne has assumed lies dead in the next rooifl.'.' ; And so it proved. The would-be forger vfas : a relative whose name did not appear in the ong^al Will; [aiid.Whp Wished to supply that: ^omission. There is a romance inj^real life 1 for joV't— Iioftdttn Towri TaiUt in Melboiif ij'e: . jArgus.'f.,]', ' ' : ' J' ! *, ; - BsiiuteB ?'] or i Was,— A' popuW writer ? thus describes a, battle : — We have been 'Sghtinj£ at itli^ edge' of-:the 1 woods. ' A : .moment ago ' the hattery was : a confused ? 'mob; ? We lopk agiun; and the 'six guuB are in. ppsitibni'.^he' detached horses hurrying away,., the ' ammunition phesW ..open, and ' ' Give them one more volley, and fall back 'to sup port the guns.' We have scaroely obeyed 'when b'oom l bboin ! opens'tho battery, and jets of fire, jump down and scorch the green trees1 under 'which 'we fought and struggled. The shattered old brigade has a chance to breathe, . for the first tivP? in tbreia .'hours, ' ^s ioim',a'l|mtiJ«a^Ud;|4bwn..''° What grim, opoi feUowB those cannoneers are? / Every' than is a perfect 'machiiie. : -BulUtB iBpiaih;. dust into'their faoes, but they do not :wino£. iBullets' Bing over and around, they do npt dodge. : There goes one to the earth, shot through the head as he sponged' his gun. That machinery loseB just one beat,, misses just one cog in the wheel, and then works away again as before. Every guii is using a short fuse shell.' The ground shakes and trembles, the roar ; huts out all sound from a battle-line three miles long, and the Bhells go -shrieking into the swamp to cut trees Bhort off, to mow great gaps in the bushes, to hunt out, and shatter, and mangle men uiitil their corpses cannot be reo'ognised as humati. 'You' would think a tornado was howlirig through the forest, followed by billows, of fire, and yet men live through it —aye, press forward to' capture the battery, We oan hear' their shouts as they form for the rush. Now the Bhells are changed for grape arid canister* and the guns are fired so fast that all reports blend into one mighty I roar. The'shnek of a shell is the Wickedest. Bound in war, but nothing makes 'the flesh j crawl like the demoniac singing, purring, whistling grape-shot, and the serpent-like hisB of canister. Men's legs and heads are torn from bodies, and bodies cut in two. A round shot or shell takes two men out of the rank as. it crashes through. Grape arid caniBter mow a swathe and pile the dead on top of each other. Through the smoke we see a swarm' of men. It iB riot a battle-line, but a mob of men desperate enough to bathe their bayonets in the flame of the guns. The guns leap from the ground almost as they are depressed on . the foe, and shrieks and screams and shouts blend into one awful and steady ciy. Twenty men out on the battery are down, and the firing iB interrupted.' The foe accept it as a sign of wavering, and come rushing on. They are not ten feet away wheri the guns give them a last shot. That' disttharge picks living men off their feet and throws' them into the Bwamp, 'a blackened, bloody mass,. Up now, as the enemy are atnong the guns I There is o silenoe of ten seconds, and then the flaBh and roar of more than three thou- 1 sand musketB and a rush forward with bayonets. For what ? Neither ' on the right nor left, nor in front of us is the living .; foe. There are corpses around us which have been struck by three, four, and even six bulletB, and nowhere on this acre of ground iB a wounded man. The wheels of, the gun cannot move until the blockade of dead is removed. Men cannot pass from caisson to', gun without climbing over rows of dead. ' Every gunand wheel is smeared ' with blood ; every footof grass has its horri ble stain'. . Historians write of the.glpry of ! war. 'Burial parties Baw murder where historians saw glory. . ' Dangebs pF' EMPffijioE.^X,.dpi£t think I shoidd like to be a judge-^althoUgh the position has its advantages — on account of : ihe enemies (and dangerous ones) one must :nee^ moike in passing sentences.' Last week , a soldier was' tried, for. attempted* murder, and ori Mr. Justice Hawkins asking him if he ha'd anything to say, he replied, 'Only this, that I mean to commit murder' whenever I get a chance ; and the very first person I mean to murder is you.' Upon this the judge most prudently' sentenced him to penal servitude for 'the term of his natural life. But Sifter all -that only means twenty years, I believe, and then there is always the ohance that the wretch may es cape from jail. Such a circumstance would certainly give rise to apprehension in the judicial mind even if it did' not suggest the adoption of chain armour and a body-gaard. 1 No ; taking one' consideration with another, the life of a criminal judge must have its thorns as well as its rosos. I had .ten times rather, however, be a British judge than a Russian Czar. The present precautions of ithat unfortunate Emperor beat anything, that ' th'e; imagination of the Sensational novehst has ever conceived. Think of him removing the outer handle of the door of his 'sleeping apartment so that no entrance can be effeoted unless he opens it himself from the inside. . Think of the subterranean pas sage from his bedroom, to the stables so that he oan take bis hone and away ; his three arite-chambers with eighty Cossacks armed to. the teeth; aud his electric apparatus which rings a bell in every guard-house within the palaoe grounds. The poet who wrote ' uneasy lies the head that wean a crown ' did;not'cettairily overstate the case. — London To?m Talk in. Melbourne Argus.' 'A Qdeee Appxjoation, — Barnum, the Amerioan showman, gets hundreds of letters from all.BortB of queer people soliciting en gagements. The following from a man in Kentucky, is unique : — ' Among the many cunoaities comprising your museum, I think . you have negleoteii one that might prove, in one sense, an attractive one. I mean an ugly man. 1 offer myself .with confidence as being the ugliest man beyond question in the. United States or Canada. I have resided xnany years in the stats, and.am. universally apkno.wledg,ed by travellers and reiidehtB as'the ugliest man ever seen. Yet there is nothing repulsive in my appearanoe. I I-^jri naturally la.z'y, aind desire i job that does hot require much exertion.' ? Captain . Boyton.-^Id, is ' stated in tlie Ebiopealn MoilHthat Captain Boyton, who was reported killed at the taking of Lima, iB safe and sound, although a prisoner of .war in the hands of the victorious Chilians. .For some time previous to hiB capture he had been aoting as superintendent of the .Peruvian .torpedo operations directed against the ohilian fleet. While serving in this capacity he undertook to execute a swim ming reoounaissance of tho enemy's - squadron before Oallooj which lie ap proached shortly after daybreak in a small sailing boat. When his tiny oraft was within range of the guardship, he slipped into the water and swam towards the 'squadron; but beiiig perceived iand, fired . upon, was compelled to take refuge in a cave upon the coast, where he passed the whole bf tbe day without food or drink, in the society.of several walruses, which caused bim considerable alarm by frequent demon strations of resentment at hiB intrusion upon their privacy. His boatman, after cruising about for some hours in search of him, had given liim up, as drowned or captured by tbe Chilians, and had returned to Callao. At nightfall , he emerged, from. ; his place of concealment, took water again, and struck, out at a steady swimming pace for his original starting-point, Callao, whioh he. reached at five-o'clock on the following morning. The Chilian authorities appear :to li&ve;' behaved magnanimously enough |.'tbward^!hi!m, for they have' allowed bim tb be at large, taking his . parole not to quit Lima; and promising to set him altogether at liberty within a few weeks, as well as some other.' prisoners of North American nationality. [We have sinoe heard of the arrival of Oaptain Boyton in New York.] Hkts on Planting Fbuit-Tbees. — The following pertinent remarks on planting fruit-trees are taken from the Gardeners' Chronicle : — ' In the important operation of preparation of the trees there are more mistakes made than any other. Usually trees are planted just as they come from the nursery. In removing - a tree' from the nursery rows, no matter how carefully it is done, a. portion of tbe roots are cut off, and consequently the balance existing between the, root and top is destroyed; this must be restored by proper pruning.' Apple, pear, and plum trees are sold usually at two years old, having been cut back in the nursery at the end of the first year to from three to five feet ; they have branches from this height which should be shortened into within a foot or so of the previous year's growth. Next, the roots muBt be attended to ; all out and jagged places should be made smooth. The holes should be dug large enough to admit all the roots to be spread out in their natural position ; then let one person hold the tree and another one shovel in the dirt, being oareful to fill up every interstice and bring every portion of the root in contact with the soil ; a bucket or two of water should be thrown in to settle the ground and keep it moist ; then fill up the hole. Standard trees should be planted just so -deep that when the ground settles they will be as deep as. they were in the nurseiy. Dwarf pears should have all the stook (that is the quince) under the ground. When the trees, are planted throw about six inches of coane manure around them, which will prevent the ground from diying and keep, the trees in good condition.' Pboteotion in Gebmany. — The British Trade Journal says that according to a leading textile manufacturer in Germany, who explains his views at length in the organ of- the German free-traders, the only triumph of protection in that country iB in having completely ruined the quality of the goods manufactured. One argument used by the protectionists was that the produc tion of good woollen clotha in Germany would be promoted by putting a heavy duty on the inferior makes of English goods. . The importation of the latter, says the cor respondent, has indeed been checked by a duty equivalent ; to nearly one-half their value ; but far from the production of the better blass of :German manufactures being promoted thereby, the German protectionist manufacturers, , ; have . now become pro ducers of , shoddy. The present condition of textile industries in Germany is said to be gloomy, in; the extreme. Thousands of weavers have no work, and several towns, _,pnce prosperous, by reason of their .flourish ing textile industries, are nearly ruined. A Successful Fibm, — High position, or the acquisition of wealth, cannot be ob tained by everyone, but untiring industry can accomplish wonders. There is at present a firm of two men in New South Wales who a year or two ago were little better than day-labourers. Step by step, they mounted the. ladder of suocess, every work they undertook prospering in their hands, until now they are amongst the fore most in their particular branch of industry, and a few days ago. nndertook one of the largest contracts under government that has yet been let. One of the partners, . talking the other day of his success to a ; friend, attributed it all to 'a cool head, plenty of work, and plenty of pluck.' In this world the tortoise often wins the race , from the hare. — Echo. { The Pall-Mall Lawn-Edgeb. — One of the. most tediouB processes in keeping a lawn in' order is to properly trim the edges, and very often this takes as much time as the . cutting of the lawn itself. Various appliances have been introduced with the view of reduoing this labour, and with more or less sucoeBs. The most recent one is that patented by Mr. R. Adie of Pall Mall, the inventor of the well-known horse olipper, and who, knowing the want ofsuoh a machine in his own garden, was led . to make this' machine. The apparatus is simplicity itself, having no delicate mechan ism to get out of order. It may be des cribed as a pair of shears with a drum or roller, which, aa the latter is driven along tbe ground, open and shut by this simple inovement, cutting the grass- in the operation. The . roller has an axle working in a journal, .which is attached, to the handle or shaft, and also to the lower blade, which runs oh the grass. - The roller as it revolves turns a cam having three or five arms, which elevates tlie upper blade of the shears by pressing upon a tooth at the, tang end. As soon as the arm of the cam passes the tooth the spring closes on the shears with considerable foroe, and the grass is cut in .the operation. Thus tbe rapidity with which the grass can be cut is only to be measured by tbe speed with whioh the machine is driven,, and whether quick or otherwise the efficiency is the same, for the shears must close and open three or five times, according to the number of oams, with .every revolution of the rollor. As muoh work can be done in an hour with thiB edge-olipper aB a man could accomplish in a day under the old conditione, and in . addition it smooths the edge of the turf by being pressed aloug it. It has been pro nounood by those who havo tried it in Eng land ? as . the most suitable, simple, and effioient machine yet introduced, and there is little doubt but that its use will become almost general,. A widow MAnaiAOE, the first of ite kind in the Bhatia commiuuity, was (says tho Timos of India) celebrated at tbe new house of Mr. Madhowdas Rughunatlidas, on tho Girgauin BaokHoad, according to orthodox Hindoo rites and cercmonies. Tho bride, Bai Dahibai, is tho daughter of Shot Tbaokorsey Premji of 13ombay, and tho widow of the ' late Jetha Vussonji. The bridegroom is. Ohotoorbhooji Oalliauji, a well-to-do trades- ' man. There was a. largo gathering of Guzoratiand Marathi ladies and gentlemen, five of whom were the pioneers of Hindoo widow marriage. It is a happy sign to see Bliatias coming to tbe front, aud it is hopod that thiB marriage may soon be followed by others, so that the re-marriage of a Hindoo widow may becomo a reoognisud institution. A correspondent of the Beudigo Inde pendent thus testifies to the curative properties of gum-leaves: — 'I will relate something respecting tho curative properties of the gum-lcavos. I am acquainted with three porsous who have buen thoroughly cured of rheumatism by sleeping on beds made ontirely of those leavos. Those used were of Around shapo aud of a sticky nature, growing on young plants, and the nearest to the ground. It is also well-known that a dozen of these loaves made into a decoction of tea are good for a cold orforiutlnuicd eyes. Further, if a few of tho leaves aro rubbed smartly between tho palms of tho hands aud immediately held to tho nostrils, taking a lengthy, hard sniff, a most refresh ing seusation will bo tho result.' It takes an old woman well versed in herbs to give sage advice. It would be quite easy to pay tbe national debt by imposing a tax on beauty. There isn't a woman living in the country who would not demand to bo assessed. ' - It is possible to take a cheerful viow even \- of a disastrous event. There aro few ex periences which have no bright side, and it is a man's duty to look for that bright sido. When a young lady, on being asked to give her hand and, fortune to an. impecunious adventurer, said, ' no,' in a very decided tone, the man of brass told his companions that he had discarded her. ' Why, how is that?' was the natural query. ' Well, you see,' was tbe reply, ' I asked her to marry me, and she declared Bhe wouldn't do it if I were the only man in the world, and then hinted that I had better leave. It was brutal conduct, and I won't allow any young woman to treat me in that way, so I discarded her at once.' A gentleman who had to take the census in ' a large public institution ' — a work house apparently — in Lancashire, relates that one man, whose occupation he inquired, described himself as a loafer. Asked for a definition ofthe term, he gave tbe following : ' A fellow who liveB upon everbody else, and who lives better than anybody else.' The seeker after a compliment sometimes gets more than he asks for — ho fishes for a salmon and catches a gudgeon. ' I hope I did not weary the people to-day by tho length of my sermon,' said a youug theological Btudent, who felt that the world had been waiting several thousand years for the rare gifts which he possessed. 'No,' answered the grim deacon, 'nor by the depth of it either.' An illiterate farmer advertised a little while back for a man ' to sleep in the house, but to eat his own vitals.' Never address your conversation 'to a person engaged in footing up a column of figures. There's nothing so deaf as an adder. You can tell' a merciful farmer as soon as . lie stops this . team at a -post. H-s takeB the blanket off his wife's lap and spreads it over the poor horses. , Governess— ' What is the future of the verb ' to love,' Mary ?' Pupil, after a pause — ' To marry, Miss Jones.' All in the day's work. — Paul — ''Mightn't I have a donkey, papa ?' Papa (the new Vicar) — ' I'm afraid not, my boy. There would he nobody to look after it, you know.' Paul — ' 0, the curate could do that.' ' Shon,' said a Dutchman, ' You may say what you please, 'bout pad neighbours ; I have had to vorst neighbours as never vas. Mine pigs and mine hens come home mid dere ears split, and todder day two of them come home missing.' Mark Twain says 'none but the brave deserve the fair,' and none but the brave can live with some of them. 