] ' GEELONG WINTER RACES. Stewards : Messrs J. Austin, S. V. Buck land, A. Chiniside, A. K. Finlay, 0. Ibbotson, J. P. Maguire, Jas. Noble, Jno. Simson, andDr. lleid; handicapper: Mr E. T. Barnard ; starter : Mr Geo. Watson ; judgo : Mr John Simson ; clcrk of tho courso : Mr D. O'Toole ; secretary; Mr J. D. Robinson. The winter raeo meeting of the Gee long Racing Club took place yesterday afternoon. It was originally fixed to be held to-day, but as it would have inter fered with tho Melbourne huntsmen tho dato was brought forward a day. In doing this tho stewards anticipated that they would bo meeting the wishes of tho Gee long tradesmen, as they have often com plained of the racing on a Saturday in terfering with general business. It was hoped that on this occasion Geelong pcoplo would patronise their own racing contests, and some of tho trades people promised to close their busi ness premises. Tho expectation was not realised, for not more than 700 resi dents of this town and district visited tho course, whilst 522 persons were brought from Melbourne by the special train, as against 51G last year. Tho local special trains conveyed 450 per sons to tho racecourse. Tho race meet ing cannot be considered a success, oither in the matter of racing or atten dance. There was only a slender gather ing of lady spectators in tho grand stand, whilst his Excellency the Marquis of Normanby failed to put in an appear ance. Of tho racing very little can bo said, for tho few starters engaged in the principal events on the programme caused a lack of interest to be taken in the proceedings. The weather was at times showery and cold. Tho rain on Tiiursday night and Friday morning mado the course very heavy, and this was especially noticeable in the trotting race, tho horses Brown Hawk, Yon Moltke, and Serenader, attached to sul kies, being unable to exhibit, pace. Tho following is a detailed account of the racing : DISTANCE HANDICAP TROT, A sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, with 30 sovs. added. Second horee to receive 10 sovs. ont of tho stake. About three mile.-!. P. J. Roddy's blk m Black Diamond, aged, 750yds (otvnor) ... 1 C. Colbath's b h Vou Moltko, aged. 400yds (Shepherd) ... 2 G. Thornton's b g Conquering Hero, aged, 400yds (Dunne) ... 3 Betting: 5 to 4 Von Moltko, 3 to 1 others. Other starters: Brown Hawk, Skewey, Prince, Serenader, George, Little Kate, and Littto Wonder. Thero is very little to des cribe in this race. Black Diamond took tho lead after tho first half-mile had been co vered, and maintained it to the finish, win ning by at least twelve lengths. Conquering Hero ran away from Von Moltke at tho start, and led him once round by a dozen lengths. When passing tho gum trees for the laafc time, Von Moltko, who hail been hold back all tho time, waS let out, and ho quickly overtook and parsed Conquering Hero, but Black Diamond had got too much of a lead, and Von Moltko apparently could not get alongside. Prince iinished fourth, about 40 yards behind Conquering Horo. Time, Smiu. lCsee. HANDICAP JIUItDLE RACE, A sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, with 70 sovs. added. Second horse to receive 10 sovs. out of tho Btakes. About two miles. A. Saqui's b g Cumberland, 5yrs,10st51b (Batty) ... i R. Griffiths' br g New Zealand, aged, Sst 71b (Burke) ... 2 A. O'Connor's blk g Cyclops, aged, Ost 81b (Carey) ... 3 Other starters : King of Truuips, Dhur ringile, Rhesus, and Dutchman: Betting : 2 to 1 Dhurringile, 3 to 1 King of Trumps, Cumberland, and Rhesus, 5 to 1 Dutchman. Tho lot left the post together, tho first to show in front being New Zealand, who negotiated the timber half a length ahead of Dutchman, tho others being in a heap. When passing the gum trees, Dutchman got iu front, and led up tho straight, New Zealand being second, Dhurringilo third, and Cyclops fourth. Ou Hearing the jump in tho straight running, opposite the grand stand, New Zealand closed with Dutchman, and both cleared the sticks together. A good raco ensued out of tho straight, when Dutchman took tho lead, followed by Rhesus, Cumberland, and Dhurringile, in close company. At tho bend by the river Dutchman struck tho hurdle and fell, and he was never in the race again. Rhesus then assumed the lead, King of Trumps and Dhurriugile lying alongside his quarters. At * tho jump before reaching tho gum trees. Rhesus bored to one side, causing King of Trumps and Dhurringile to leavo the courso, and the threo horses went back to clear the obstruc tion. Cumberland thus got in front, and raced away from New Zealand, but when coming up the straight New Zealand, answering to the whip, mado a gallant effort to catch the leader, but failed. Cumberland won by a length, Cyclops being third, fully 60 yards away. Time, 4min 24|secs. Now Zealand carried ljlb overweight. WINTER HANDICAI', A sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, with 100 sovs. added. Second horse to receive 20 sovs. out of the stakes. For all ages. One mile and a half. D. S. Wallace's br h Napper Tandy, 5yrs, 7st 101b (O'Brien) ... 1 R. Howie's br c Kohiuoor, 2yrs, 7st 21b (Day) ... 2 J. Whittingham's ch g Attache, 4yrs, 7ib 121b (Murphy) ... 3 Other starter : Verdnre. Betting-2 to 1 Napper Tandy. A very bad start was effected, Verdure boing left at tho post, losing about 20yds. Napper Tandy led out of tho straight, Kolii noor being close behind. The same order was maintained to tho river side, where Attache got in front and led to tho gum troes, but before reaching tho turn into tho straight ho was quickly left behind by Napper and Kobinoor, both of whom came round tho corner together. Attache and Kohinoor wero receiving plenty of chastise ment, but thoy could not get ahead of Napper. When 150yds from tho grand stand Kohinoor went up to Nappor, but the latter was let out, and he won by a head amidst great cheering. Time-2min. 54 sees. HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE, A sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, with 100 sovs. added. Second horse to receive 20 sovs. out of tho stakes. About two miles and a half. It. Howie's b g Collin;,wood, 5yrs, lOst 41b (Scobie) ... 1 T. Armstrong's b g Victor, aged, Oat 121b (Carey) ... 2 R. Batty's g g Banger, 5 yrs, Ost 41b (Wall) ... 3 Other starter : Blue Jacket. Betting: 5 to 4 Collingwood, C to 4 Ranger. Victor led from the start, followed by Collingwood, Bluo Jacket, and Ranger, and that order was maintained until coming into tho straight, when all tho horses got togethor and clearod the fences in front of tho grand stand iu admirable style. On leaving the straight Collingwood went ahead, and kopt the lead to the river's Bide, where Victor and Rauger challenged him. After a short struggle Ranger got in front, but only held that position for 300 yds, when Collingwood again assumed tho lead, and kept it to the finish, winning easily by two lengths, Ranger being a bad third. The horses jumped exceedingly well, and thcro were no accidents. There was no official timo taken for this event. SELLING HURDLE RACE, A sweepstakes of 2 sovs. each, with 50 sovs. added. Tho winner to bo sold for 50 sovs. | About one mile and a half. T. Jones' brg Nimrod, aged (to besold for £20), flat 5lb (King) ... 1 J. L. West's br m Fair Maiden, C yrs (to be sold for £50), 10st 121b (M'Coy) 2' F. Tozer's ch f Minerva, 3 yrs (to bo sold for £30), Sst 91b (l)owley) ... 3 Betting: Even on Nimrod. Thero were only three Btarters, and the race was devoid of intorest. Nimrod led for over half a mile, and whon running by tho river side Fair Maiden got lovel with him. Approach ing the second hurdle from homo Fair Maiden went in front, but quickly resigned the premier position to Nimrod, who raced up tho straight without beiug asked to run, and won easily. Time, 3min 39«eca. The winner was offered for sale, and was bought in by the owner for £25. Minerva carried 91b overweight. RAILWAY STAKES, A handicap sweepstakes of 2 sovs. each, with 50 sovs. added. For all ages. Seven fur longs. D; S. Wallace's br h Napper Tandy, 5yrs, 8st 51b (O'Brien) 1 ... ..1; J. Thompson's rn or ch The Ghost (late Salisbury), 3yrs, 6st 9lb (Cr&oknell;) ... 2 1 A. K. limits' bcBtuno, 3yrs, 6st 121b (Cnshin) ... 3 Other starters : Ruby, Verdure, Lady Hampden. Butting : 7 to 4 The Ghost and Bruno. All were sent away oil even terms, with the exception of Verdure, the filly proving fractious at tho starting post. Quickly racing to the front, Napper Tandy led the others at a pretty smart pace. Ruby held hnn for a short distance, and then retired at the river's side in favor of The Ghost. This, too, was a mere spurt for 300 yards, and then Bruno wont.up to Nappcr. Tho three raced neck and neck to tho bend eutering the straight running, whore tapper Tandy took the lead, and kept it to the finish, beat ing "The Ghost, who raced gamely away from Bruno by a length. Time, Imin. 37secs. * This ended tho day's racing. 