? ST. PATRICKS NIGHT WITH THE LONDON COMEDY COMPANY. The announcement of a special programme drew a large audience to the Theatre Royal last night. A Hibernian flavour prevailed in gailecy, stalls, and pit, as in the playbill. The latter promised us " the great sensational Irish drama entitled' Kathleen Mavourneen,'" and a farcical operetta, "The Two Postboys." When the curtain rose on a cottage interior,' a good old farmer was discovered together with his charming though virtuous daughter, and when, moreover, that good old farmer's flyaway young landlord appealed, and became incontinently smitten with the charming, &c.;, daughter; and when also a thick-headed peasant lover in addition pervaded the scene, and being informed; or finding out for himself, how the young landlord aforesaid bad made love and given presents, to his sweetheart—why, then, we resigned. ourselves to fate, and concluded the management, having mounted the piece pour la circonstakee, bad better be content with tha money gained, nor expect anything but the tartest criticism. Our feelings experienced a sudden shock when the first act drop descended on the heroine (Kathleen O'Connor) quietly sleeping with her head resting against the kitchen table, manifestly disposed to slumber, because the voice: of her true love (Terence CMore) plaintively drones "Kathleen Mavourneen" outside. Ail was ready for the "situation," the moon beamed through a lattice-window, red fire gleamed from the hearth, all was silent now for a murder, or a ghost, or a fire! But nothing whatever happened which could not be accounted for .by any known law of great sensational dramatic construction. Then, in ' act number two, he apparently found that the young landlord (Bernard Kavanagh), having gone through the ceremony of a _ mock- marriage with Kathleen, and becoming short of cash, had determined to really marry some complaisant heiress. About this time Mr. Beverley (Billy Button Cap) developed unexpected talents in the direction of low comedy, and Miss Taylor (Kitty La very) helped him considerably . . What these two had to do with the great sensational Irish drama was and is a mystery. Bernard Kavanagh persuaded Mr. Gates (who appeared in Angus McAllister's moustache as Captain Clearfield) to tell Kathleen that she is not his wife at all at all; but when the cruel husband repeats the statement and Kathleen falls swooning, Father CCasaidy (Mr. Shepherd) steps forward and notifies Bernard by asserting that instead of any mockmarriage \- having been consummated he (the Father) had taken the place of the vagabond clerical impersonator, the consequence being that Bernard Kavanagh and Kathleen O'Connor are legally man and wife. Then we felt relieved. Horrors accumulated quickly. Bernard, resolved to be rid of his wife, makes the acquaintance of Mr. J. H. Rainford, who is none other than our old friend Grazebrook turned loose in Ireland, and become so intensely practical a cutthroat that he is prepared to murder a whole country for no larger amount than Bernard gives him to make away with poor Kathleen. The cast-off Terence O'More makes his appearance hereabout, and we learn that he conveniently "runs" a. whisky still at the lonely spot fixed on for Kathleen's murder. Bernard ingeniously manages to experience a carriage accident at this place. Kathleen appears; BO do the first, second, and third murderers. Bernard leaves her, and the murderers immediately attack her. She straggles vigorously, knocks several of them down, shrieks for assistance. Terence deserts his whisky, descends a rather impracticable rope, and, of courto, rescues her. Bernard returns to know if tbe deed is done. There has been mutual recognition between Kathleen and Terence, and when the cruel husband, mistaking Terence for a murderer, accosts him there is a dreadful struggle, during which, to the best of our belief, Bernard discharges a pistol at Terence's head. The bullet meeting unexpected resistance, rebounds and shoots Bernard. This ends the third act. Next, we saw that Terence was in prison and sentenced to death for having caused Bernard's decease. Kathleen visits him; so does Father O'Oassidy. The bell tolls, and the agonized parting of two faithful hearts winds up a harrowing front scene. Next we expect to see Terence on the gallows, and Kathleen left sweetheartless. The scene opens—hey! presto! we have " walked backward" like my Lord Hamlet's crab, and got into the first act again. Yes; there is the peasant interior, with Kathleen asleep on the table. She wakes. Do we dream? Has she dreamt? So it appears. Acts two, three, and part of four were nothing but dreaming. The false marriage, the repudiation, tbe murder, the rescue were each and all dreams. When Terence comes in and Kathleen says " Yes," and when Bernard Kavanagh enters and being fairly bantered out of his dishonourable fancy, absolutely gives the happy couple a farm and belongings, the puzzled audience begin to see that the whole affair is a huge jake. The green curtain falls amid peals of laughter, every person present gratified to find that he or she is the victim of a deliberate dramatic pleasantry. Would that all "great sensational Irish dramas'' ended thaB sensibly. The " Two Postboys'' (Messrs. Beverley and Gates) are so much alike that one is mistaken for the other throughout the merry trifle thus named. _ Hence occur a most amusing series of embroglios, wherein we get some sweet singinj from Miss Alma Santon, and gain additional knowledge of Miss Annie Taylor's irresistible humour. The same bill will be presented tonight. f ACADEMY OF MUSIC.—There was a good attendance at the Academy during tbe day on Thursday, but in the evening the audience was thin. To-night that clever little actress, Annie Bead, will take her benefit. RAINEB'S-PANOEAMAS.—Mr. J. C. Bainer's well known panoramas of tbe American and Busso- Turkish wars were recently being exhibited with great success in Cape Town, under the management of Mr. H. Stanley, after which they were to go to the Diamond Fields. v LICINSHD VICTUALLERS' PICNIC.—The prizes won at the late picnic will be distributed at the Sir John Barleycorn this evening. 