ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. WHARPARILLA RAPS CASE. (To ike Editor of (he Riverine Herald.) Sik,—Your readers will, no doubt, by ihis time, iirive heard of my arrest on the charge of assaulting and attempting to commit & Tape on the young woman Mary Laivnds at Wlinrpaiilin, of which crime I anz utterly luuooam, never having been in the neighbor hood in my life. I must admit that 11 answered the description, of the offender in eyery respect,' concerning the height, color of eyes and, hair, complexion, etc. So far bo good: Now, as far..as l am aware, I think it is the custom of tha people when an offence is committed to give information to the police at once. ,At the Bame time a warrant is taken out for the offender's arrest. His description is given etc. Now, I will allow one pionth from the 1st or 2nd of December, 1880 (the date upon which the offence was committed), until the information reached the police. In an instant it is flashed all over the colony to the diflerent police fciations. Well, let such be the case. Then I a,?k of allcommon-sensed people, is it not a disgrace upon our Police system to allow an offender (or a person, who could not answer the description better, in any part of the »world, than [ did) to escape for so long a time. If I had moved out of sight of the police in any shape or form, at night-time, or had taken to the bush, then there would be some excuse. But as it is. I have been in Kyneton for over a fortnight, in Sandhurst three or fdiir days; and in Bchuci for eight days. I was in the, hall of the Echuca Police Court on the 25 th ult: and spoke, to one of the bobbies was also at the Fire Brigade depot on the niorning of the fire near the Caledonian Hotelj when I was again seen by a member of the force, viz., Harris Then if I now answer the description of the offender, I mu3t surely have answered the description then. .Or is it possible that I can change niy physical appearance in the twink ling of an eye, like a ghost. Again, when I left Eohuoa last Friday I was fortunate to get a ride nf about 22 miles in the Marhjura direotion. Arrived there and hearing of a man being smothered in a shaft, I immediately proceeded to the scene of the disaster and stopped there until an hour after the man was sifely brou«h' to the surface. It so happened at that time that one of " Victoria's Boast", in the person of one Coffey, arrived ou the scene, who immedia tely set to to wash the man Galvin (I will give him credit for that). He told a gentle man that he was''after" a stranger.- The gentleman immediately referred him to me, but, alas, the bird had flown. Now, Mr Editor, if this said Coffey was " after" an offender and expected to find him at the scene of the accident, why did he not do his duty and look for his prey first, instead of washing a man; when plenty of volunteers were available. It was not likely that I should hang about the place when the work was over, more especially when I c uild get a lift to where I was going. 1 avn also told that my movements were suspicious. I cannot see anything suspicious in a stranger patrolling towns like any other citizen. Nor from enquiry were my movements suspi cious at the shaft (my jokes may have been), any other than that I would not give my nams, which I seldom do. No doubt my friend Coffey thought he had a prize which might promote him, but he h<s been blighted. May his promotions ever be downwards. I am now not only put to a lot of inconveni ence and trouble, but left to get back to llathoura the best way I can. Hoping I have not trespassed on your space, I remain, Your mistaken identity, GUSTAV RAMNT. 