REMINISCENCES BY THOMAS CARLYLE. [From the London Times.] The interest lists Tather than flags in th* second volume of these Reminiscences. There is no tragedy of a wrecked career like that - of the great Scottish preacher; but its place is more than supplied by an idjl of domestic life as prophetic as poet's fancy ever conceived. The heroine is Jane Welslt Carlyle, as Mrs. Carlyle habitually signed herself. The task ehe set herself and achieved was the ' flickering'' round her husband's sombre existence ' like perpetual radiance.' A brave, bright woman, who when the merest child insisted upon learning Latin like a boy, beautiful in aspect and ways, with 'a good sense that amounted to genius,' ' always witty,' ' with a natural taste for dress,' with whom every man who spoke to her fell straightway' in love, from Edward Irving to Francis Jeffrey, with an ' insight like magic,' 'an electric intellect,' whose conversation had ' the light melodious - clearness and charm of a fairy tale all true,' ' who in household management showed ' the genius of a field marshal,' and loved, to 'conquer innumerable practical pro blems,' from staving off poverty on s minnte income to sileacing ' demon Cochin. Chinas,' she lived solitary days, she dis guised the pain which was surely killing her, she all but sacrificed her own indi viduality that she might 'wrap like tha softest of bandages' one tt bleeding '' human soul, that she might be the 'guardian spirit ' of the peasant's son sh« had wedded. Craigenputtock, which Mr. Carlyle 'has- devised to the University of Edinburgh, for the endowment of bursaries in honor of his wife's family, was here by her father's disposition, but she had transferred the life, interest to her mother. As the mother's; - tenants she and her husband occupiedit. on. their removal from their suburban cottage, - Comley Bank, at Edinburgh, for economy partly and partly for quiet. It was four teen or fifteen miles from a totfa, and letters came once a week. Bare moorland:, or stone mountains surrounded it. So un-- frequented waj- the district that ' oaee in the winter time I remember counting that - for three months there had not been any stranger.not even a beggar,called at Craigen- - puttock door.' Miss Jewsbury, at Mr. Carlyle's request, after his wife's death, whom she had known familiarly, wrote down anecdotes and observations she re membered. His own account of her in the second volume is in its origin a series of criticisms upon Miss Jewsbury's notes,, which, after his manner, he characterises candidly as ' Geraldiue's mythic jottings,'' incorrect all or most in details, but few or none devoid of ' a certain mythical truth.'' According to Miss Jewsbury, the six years of solitude at Craigenputtock, though the young wife bore them 'cheerfully and; willingly,' were ' undoubtedly a great strain upon her nerves from* which she never entirely recowred.' According to him, ' We were not unhappy ; perhaps these were our happiest days.' He ac counted them happy, however, because he could do 'fully twice as much work in a given time there as with my beat effort was possible in London.'' Between happiness thence proceeding and the strain upon her of which Miss Jewsbury speaks there is no - contradiction. The mure successful his labours the lovelier was she. ' Hers,' as Miss Jewabury remarks, ' was no holiday . task of pleasant companionship ; she had to. live beside him in silence that the people in the world might receive his message.' Not from her came the original plan of migra tion to London. ' ilad- the perpetual fluctuation, the uncertainty, and uaintelli gible whimsicality of review editors not proved so intolerable, we might have lingered longer at Craig- enputtock.'- But between January and August, 1830,. ' Sartor Resartus' was written, and its author decided to go south to sell it. The attempt was not successful. ThO' book trade was benumbed by the turmoil: of reform agitation. He had expected at least £200 for 'Sartor,' 'at least thrice as good as the 'Life of Schiller/ which, brought £100. But 'poor 'Sartor'' was bandied ineffectually 'among the bloci— headisms.' Still, the glimpse they far the second time caught of London made Craigen— puttock henceforth impossible for a per manence. They returned for awhile to . Nithsdale, but he mooted the plan of re sidence in London, and, ' though till then her voice on the subject irad never ~ been, heard,' her voice was instant in its -favor* By-heT advice they decided on dismantling the farmhouse, so that repentance should not be practicable, and shipping to London all. their furniture, ' mostly all of it her father's, furniture, whose character of solidly noble is visible upon it.'' 'I was Thomas - the Doubter;' in this and greater ordealH her courage and faith, faith in him*, quickened his sad *' desperate hope.*1' From the first beginning of their two-and— thirty years at;5, Chejne-roly, she shielded him from besetting venations, even fromu himself : — ** It was a bird battle against fate; hard, but - pot quite uavictorsoas, waen she left me, as if in her car of heaven's fire. My noble one ! I :. say deliberately, her part in its stern battle, - and except myself none knows how stern, was* brighter and braver than my own. Thanks, darling, for your shining words and acts, whi*h -- were conturaal in my eyes, and in no other - mortal's. -Worthless I was your divinity, wrapt ? ill your perpetual love of me and pride ia me, - in defiance of all men and things. Oh, was it cot beautiful, all this that I have lost for evar ! ' ' Their resources were very small ; but she » never troubled him about money, except to ? ask how little he could give her. She always contrived to ' bear out the exiguous - resources into covering the appointed - space.' In that, ' as in her other tasks, he was silently successful always, and never*, that I saw, bad a miaziving about success.' ~ He was less sturdy. After writing his daily four or five pages of print, he would walk out at about 2 p.m., ' always . heavy ' laden, grim of mood.' ' ?? Once or twice, ' when writing, his ' French Revolution,' ' with ' nerves all inflamed and torn up, body - and mind, in a most hag-ridden condition,' * he found himself among the - flood oi * equipages at Hyde-park comer : — 'I recollect sternly thinking, 'Ties; and. per haps none of you could do what I am at !' Hot -- generally my feeling was 'I shall finish thia ? - book, throw it at y our feet, bay a rifle and spader .. - and withdraw to the Transatlantic wildernessw, far from human beggaries and hnnrnnnncinT*' IhiBhadakindof comfort tome; yet I always ? knew, too, in the background, that this would . not practically do.' When he foreboded that even this book,'., though. ' from a man's very heart,' would be trampled under foot and hoof, ' 'Pooh. pooh ! they cannot trample that,' she would . cheerily answer.' She was right ; yet they - had to eke out an income by monthly - courses of lectures, ' detestable mixture of * prophecy and play-actorism.' These ha delivered three or four successive year%. Edwaid-street or Willis's Booms being- ' the 'place of execution,' and he 'stand* ? ing wriggling in an agony of incipi ency.' Narrow means afflicted him, not., that he loved luxury, but that he detested! the shifts poverty made necessary. Often, she could not accompany him out becauss ~ they could not afford a fly. He remembers - after her death remorsefully bis impatienca . and her fine tolerance, at having one muddj night on their way to a soiree of Miss Mar- - tineau's in Fludyer-street to clasp one ot her clogs which had come loose, and to - 'clean my dirty finger in some handy littia ain pool with diligent wiping.' Cabs ha ? BChewed from a, dread o! a ' quarrel abort are, which, was always my horror in such ?? aseB.' In 1842 Sits. Oarljle's mother died, : . Ed they came into poiSPEBiou of £200 a. - ear from Craigc-i: jmitoci! . That ' to us was - -a highly considerable sum, and from, this date ' the pinch of poverty, which had been re laxing latterly, changed itself into a gentle pressure, or into.a.Jimitand little more.' His literary income was 'not above £200 a year in those decades, in spite of my con tinual diligence day by day.', 'To judge, ly the Tunning after, me by owls ot Jlinerva, and then .to hear whAt 'day's ?wages my boobs brought me would have . astonished the owl nrind.' Even the ./pries of ' Cromwell,' ' written, I think, in 1842,' ihough estimated on a. scale more liberal . *' considerably than in any previous case,' left the annnfll income unchanged. Bat Trere the income little or great it sufficed for 'her. 'Honor to her, and thanks to poverty, that showed me how noble, ?wdrshipfal, and dear ..she. was.' If he is indignant at 'the singularly dark and : feeble condition of public j udgment,' ' which , stimulated by hisTactorial address, without ?*'an idea or shadow of an idea in it bat what had been set forth by me tens of limes before,' devoured his' works in 1866, and would have let their author starve in l.S42j it is that prosperity came too late for . her to share it. '? If they would give me d£10,000 a year, and bray unanimously hosannslis heaven-high for the rest of my life, vrho now would there be to get the. smallest joy or profit from it ? To me I feel as if it would be a. silent sorrow lather.11 He feels exquisite misery in thinking of the delay before, suffering and \- dying, she had a brougham to take exercise in. That he bought it at last, ' in spite of all Friedriehs and nightmares,' is ' a mercy of Heaven to me for the rest of my life !' 'It was, indeed, useful and necessary as a means of health, bat still more precious, I doubtnot, ass mark of my regard for her. Ah lie ! She never knew folly, nor could I show fcer in ray heavy-Inden, miserable life, how maoh . I bad at all times loved and admired her. No telling oE her now. - ' five minutes more of your dear company in this world. Oh, that I had yon . jet for but five minutes, to tell you all I'' He does not actually repent of the egotism Ms heavy burden of seer and preacher laid upon him, which kept him from a readier sympathy with the cross of physical tribula tion his brilliant watchful guardian bore. That is not his prevailing feeling, as he recollects 'the four years of abstruse toil, obscure speculations, futile wrestling and misery' spent in letting light into the ihicket of Cromwell's idiosyncrasy, and ihe ' infinitely worse' thirteen years con . Sinned in ''hugging the unclean creatures of Prussian blockheadism to my bosom, trying to caress and natter their secret out of them.' These were life-tasks he had to fulfill. He doubtless thought he had no choice but to undertake them, Bj« lamen tation is that he never was grateful enough to his wife for her constant loving tender ness, which forgave all the fanaticism of his Isolation in himself. . The day's work over, . and' the evening ride done, she was erer witing for him with smiles and 'something bright and pleasant to tell me, the most f oredone of men, grains ss of gold extracted Jiv- an alcbemy all her own out of every day.' Thanks to her the half hour before dinner in the drawing-room which she out of thu smallest ma terials had made most daintily pretty of all drawing-rooms, as he sat on his hearthrug with a pipe of tobacco, which ' 1 had learnt to take with my back to the jamb, and door never so littie open, sj that all the smoke, if I was careful, went up ihe chimney,' was ''the one bright portion of my b-ack day.' For his part his talk would still be of tne slough of despond through which he had been ' tugging aud wipgJing.' 'I had at last conquered Mollwiri, raw it all clear ahead acd around me, and took to telling her about it, in my poor bit of joy night after sight. I recollect the answered little, though ? Irindly always. Privately she at that time felt convinoed Bhe was dying — dark winter, and such the might of misery, and with the decay of strength, and night after night, my theme to her, Mollwits ! Never in my pretended superior kind of life have I done for love of any creature bo snpreme a kind of thing. It tonones me at this moment with penitence and humiliation, yei -with a kind of soft religious blessedness, too.' Fame was prompter in coming than affluence. The 'Latter-Day Pamphlets' of 1849, the issue of 'an interval of deep gloom and bottomless dubitation,' ' set the world, indeed, upon the strangest suppo sitions. 'Carlyle got deep into whisky' said some ; ' a lost man,' thought everybody — everybody, even the late Mr. Forster, except the wife, who rejoiced at seeing me * getting delivered of my black electricities and consuming fires in that way.'' They scared his publisher, Chapman, 'hard-fisted, \- cautious bibliographer,' out of any plan for the nest ten years for an edition of *' my ? Collected Works.' Almost as damaging to \- bis creditamong religious people was his next work, the' life of Sterling'— 'Doesn't be lieve in us, then, either?' Bat his general xepute grew nevertheless, until it cul minated, without subsequent decline, in the Edinburgh .Rectorship. His joy amid all the subsequent sorrow was to think that Bhe survived to know of that 'perfect triumph,' as the telegram of his 'kind, -cheery, inventive, helpful,' filial companion, Professor Tyndall, expressed the delirious scene in the University hall of Monday, April 2, 1866. She was not present in body tx- witness the triumph. It had been feared that any hitch in the spectacle might he too much for her shattered nerves. They ?were spared the excitement, to collapse nineteen days Liter in a passing spasm of alarm for the safety of a little 5og. In spirit, he rejoiced to know, she had heard that ' one cheer more' of the students, ** something in the tone of it which did for the first time so into my heart.' 'Suttly foe all this I should be grateful to Heaven, for this amid the immeasurable -wreck that was preparing for us. She had from an saily period formed her own little opinionabont me (what an Eldorado to me, ungrateful being, blind, ungrateful, eondemoable, and heavy laden, and crashed down into blindness by great misery as Ioftenest was !) and she never flinched from it an instant, I think, or cared or eonnted what the world said to the contrary (very brave, irmgnnnimonB, and noble truly one was in all this) ; but to have the world confirm her in it was always a sensible pleasure which she took no painB to hide, especially from me.' If companionship with the distinguished and the able are a symptom of fame Caxlyk. might have courted the promise of It earlier than he was himself in his general Eomferenesa inclined to admit. Later he lad the selection of what society he pre ferred. The rich and noble were honored Jjy having him for a guest, and by his own admission he did cot despise their courtship. He admired magnificent helpful architects of their own fortunes like the Warshalls of Leeds. He paid old Mr. Marshall the high compliment of accepting a riding horse from him. But. he should ' Tote at present that of classes known to me in England the aristocracy, with its perfection st human politeness, its continual trace of bear ing and of acting, steadfast ?honor,' light ad dress, and cheery eteicism, if you see well into St, is actually yet the best.' The AshhurtoM, the Stanleys of Alder ley, the Monteagles, old Lord Lansdowne, 5n spite or by -virtue of his ' old retrospec tion,' and Lady William Russell, earned ibis praise in biter years for their taste, by iheir attention to him, and yet more to Ms ?wife. At first he had to be content 'with friends less high eocially; but cf them, of one sort or another, le soon bad abundance. Irving had always recognised his genius ; and Irving ?was a. power in London when Carlyle first ?visited it, though by the time he and his ?wife ? removed thither permanently he was *? a lost hero.' In Scotland he had made lie intimate acquaintance of the peer almost of Scott in celebrity among hi countrymen, Francis Jeffrey. Jeffrey had in 1612 been shot into professional glory fcy saving in Carlyle'e own country Nell Kennedy, a stolid wholesale poisoner, from ? the gallows she deserved thrice over through 'bewildering the poor jury into temporary deliquium or loss of wits with such splay of advocacy as was never- seen before. Gaily le always « dimly ratner felt there was something trivial, doubt ful, and not quite of the highest type in our Edinburgh admiration for our (beat lights and law sages, and poor Jeffrey among the rest.' He, however, ' honestly admired Jeffrey la a loose way as his neighbors were doing,' though 'to him in his shining elevation my existence down among the shadows was unknown.' On abandoning the schoolmastering which 4e loathed for 'potential literature in Edinburgh' ' towards which he ' intended, darkly, if I durst have said or thought so,' he hazarded, among other ' ghastly passages and rtjqnifll successive spasms of attempt it literary enterprise,' a notice of a Gecevese mechanical theory of gravitation for the Edinburgh Review. The re3ult was nought, ' absolutely no notice taken, which was a form of catastrophe more complete than even I had anticipated.' But Sevan dr eight years after, in 182/, Proctor intro duced him to the famous editor, and a paper on Jean Paul Richter, 'a study piece,' in the Edinburgh, was the im mediate result. It elicited the complaint ol much abuse of an imaginary ' Mystic School,' which, according to Mr. Carlyle, consisted in reality ' of me alone, or of her and me.' They were then living at Comley Bank, and Jeffrey, besides being fascinated by an intellectual type out of his experience in the husband, fell, after his manner, innocently in love with the wife. Jeffrey's friends could not be neglected. Henceforward in Edinburgh they felt 'no longer cut off and isolated, but fairly ad mitted, or like to be admitted and taken in tow by the world and its actualities.' Ex cept for this and a few articles in the Review, the intimacy, according to Carlyle, " was not a very profitable one.' Jeffrey tried to 'convert me from what he called my German mysticism back merely into dead Edinburgh Whiggism, scep- ticism, and materialism, which I felt to be a for-ever-impossible enterprise.' They fought night after night, all in vain, till 2 or 3 o'clock in the morning. Carlyle, as may be imagined, defended himself with 'an unembarrassment and frankness of hitting and repelling which did not quite beseem our respective ages and positions.' Jeffrey, however, never testified the least offence, 'though possibly enough he re membered it afterwards, being a thin skinned, sensitive man with all his pre tended pococurantism and real knowledge of what is called the world.' He urgently dissuaded the flitting to Craigenputtock, yet, when it was accomplished, distin guished them in their moorland her- mitage by several visits with his daughter and his wife, the latter a niece of John Wilkes and sister of Commo dore Wilkes, of Trent notoriety. Delightful visits they must have been both to hosts and guests, though they necessitated 30 mile gallops by Mr. Carlyle to fetch the materials of entertainment from Dumfries. He tried to bring Carlyle into the light by soliciting for him a moral philosophy pro fessorship, first at St. Andrew's, and next, though Carlyle without any reason seems to doubt his sincerity, at University Col lege, in Gower-street. Because he pre ferred the claims of another to the charge of the remodelled Edinburgh Observatory, Carlyle speaks of his professions of kind ness as only lip service. At any rate, he desired cordially to be admired by them. There is a description in this volume of a' wonderful scene one evening at Craigen puttock, when Jeffrey, having been drawn into mimicking public speakers, ' perhaps imaginary generic specimens,' transformed 'our cosy little drawing-room, hidden 'in' the lowly wilderness, into a temple of the Muses :'— ' The little man strutted about full of electric fire, with attitudes, with gesticulations, still more with winged words, often broken-sringed, amid our admiring laughter ; gave us the windy grandiloquent specimen, the ponderous stupid, the airy ditto, various specimens, as the talk, chiefly his own, spontaneously suggested, of which there was a little preparatory interstice between each two. And the mimicry was so complete, you would have said not his mind only but his very body became the specimens,: bis face filled with the expression represented, . and hii little figure seeming to grow gigantic if the personage required. At length he gave us the abstruse costive specimen, which had a meaning and no utterance for it, but went about clambering, stumbling,, as on a path of loose boulders, and ended in total downbreak. This of the aerial little sprite, standing there in fatal collapse, with the brightestof eyes sternly gazing into utter nothingness and dumb ness, was one of the most tickling and genially ludicrous things I ever saw; and it prettily winded up our little drama. I often thought of i it afterwards, and of what a part mimicry plays among human gifts. In its lowest phase no talent can be lower, but in its highest, where it gives you domicile in the spiritual world of a Shakespeare or a Goethe, there are only some few that are higher. No clever man, I suppose, is originally without it. Dickens's essential faculty, I often say, is that of a first-rate play actor. Had he been born twenty or forty years sooner, -we should most probably have had a second and greater Mathews, Inoledon, or the like, and no writing Dickens.' Again, in London, at their humble lodgings in Pentonville, the hard-worked Lord Advocate sought them out, though Low, 'being destitute of all topographical instincts, they could not conjecture. If his friendship was not genuine, it is hard to see the motive of its amiable hvpocrisy. In truth, Carlyle, though he acknowledges the ' beautiful little man' to have been 'a bright island to me and mine in the sea of things/' is at bottom not just to Jeffrey's native kindliness. When vainly he pressed upon Carlyle a pension of £100 a year, the comment is that it was less from '?' godlike pity for a fine fellow and his struggles than from human determination to do a fine action of one's own.:I He is less just still to Jeffrey's genius, and to the part he played in law, and politics, and letters. He concedes him to have been 'intrinsically of veracity;' to have been 'in earnest though not dreadfully in earnest;' to have cared most for public honors 'if they could be interpreted to signify public love ; ' to have been a critic ' beside whom none has appeared among us since worth naming ; ' to have been 'a potential Voltaire, say Scotch Vol taire;' to have become, had they not ' kneaded him into the shape of an Edin burgh Reviewer, and clothed his soul in 'Whig formulas and blue and yellow— a beautiful Goldoni, too, or something better in that kind, and have given us comedies and aerial pictures, true and poetic, of human life in a far other way.' His crime was the unpardonable sin of having through his review encouraged " the gradual uprise and rule in all things of roaring, million headed, unreflecting, darkly - suffering, darkly-sinning Demos, come to call its old superiors to account at its maddest of tribunals.' Any one who has studied British politics, British criticism, and British social morality immediately prior to .the date when Francis Jeffrey assumed his literary sceptre knows how practically unfair and ungrateful is such a judgment As in the first volume on the Bedford square coterie, so in this volume on other Londoners, Carlyle executes justice with little mercy. Hazlitt, to whom he wit nessed Jeffrey's unstinting generosity, he pities as ' of fine natural talents and aspira tions, but of no sound culture whatever, flung into the roaring cauldron of stupid, prurient, anarchic London, there to try if he could find some culture for himself.' Empson, afterwards editor of the Edin burgh, is simply 'a good old jargoning, long-winded Edinburgh Reviewer.' Charles Lamb, exquisite 'Elia,' in whom he says he could recognise — though clearly he could not — a- 'slender, fibre of actual worth,' 'something of human, ingenuous, pathetic, sportfully much enduring,' is 'an emblem of imbecility, bodily and spiritual,' owner of ' a ghastly make-believe of -wit, more like diluted insanity than anything of real jocosity, humor, or geniality.' Leigh Hunt, their near neighbor at Chelsea and habitual visitor, he appraises aright with his 'friendly spirit, good insight, plenty of a kind of humor, too,' and talk ' like a sing ing bird ;' in short, ' an innocent-hearted, but misguided, in fact, rather foolish, un practical, and often much suffering man.' Sir William Molesworth is 'a poorisb, narrow creature, an ardent believer in Mill père and Mill fils,' who ought to have had the sagacity to appoint Carlyle editor of the new London Review, though, 'Oh, how glad am Inow that apparently nothing of it came to the thoughts or the dreams of Mill & Co. !' Lady Holland is a ' kind of hungry, ornamented witch, looking ever at me with merely carnivorous views,' though 'years after I discovered remains of beauty in her, a pathetic situation, and distinguished qualities.' Mr. Charles Darwin's ' Origin of Species' is only ' wonderful to me as in dicating the capricious stupidity of man kind ; never could read a page of it or waste the least thought upon it.' Of Harriet Martineau he had read both books and character: — 'To admire Harriet Martineau's literary genius, or even her solidity of common sense, was never possible for either of us ; bat she had a sharp eye, an.impertubable self-possession, and is all things a swiftness of positive decision which joined to her evident loyalty of intention and her frank, guileless, easy ways, we both liked. Her talent, which in that sense was very considerable, I used to think, would have made her a quite shining matron of some big female establishment, mistress of some immense dress shop, for instance, if she had a dressing faculty, which perhaps she had not; bat was totally inadequate to grapple with deep spiritual and social questions, into which she launched at all times, nothing doubting.' But for literary women generally he has no predilection. By way of contrast to his own lost wife, and her marvels of delicate epistolary description, he masses and dis misses contemptuously ' all the Sands and Eliots and babbling cohue of 'celebrated scribbling women ' that have strutted over the world in my time.' About his male contemporaries he is at least more dis criminating. He finally recognizes the ability of Sir James Stephen, of the Colonial Office, though be did not relish his talk. 'Colonial Office being an impotency, as Stephen inarticulately, though he never said or whispered it, well knew, what could an earnest and honest kind of man do but try and teach you how not to do it ? Stephen seamed to me a master in that art.' Mill's talk also was 'rather wintry — ' sawdustish,' as old Sterling once called it — but always well- informed and sincere.' He was an habitual visitor in Cheyne-row, sometimes in company with Mrs. Taylor, 'a very will-o'-wispish iridescence of a creature, meaning nothing bad either.' Oftener he came alone : — ' For several years he walked with me every Sunday.' Carlyle tells vividly the sequel of the catastrophe, with which Mill was asso ciated, of the first volume of the ' French Revolution':— " How well do I still remember that night when he came to tell us, pale as Hector's Ghost, that my unfortunate first volume was burnt. It iras like half-sentence of death to us both, and we had to pretend to take it lightly, so dismal and ghastly was his horror, and try to talk of other matters. He stayed three mortal hours or eo ; his departure was quite a relief to us. Oh, the burst of sympathy my poor darling then gsve me, flinging tier arms roond'my neck, and openly lamenting, condoling, and encouraging, like a nobler, better self ! Under Heaven is nothing beautifuller. We sat talking till late ; 'Shall be written again,' my fired word and reso lution to her. Which proved to be such a task as I never tried before or since, I wrote out ' Feast of. Pikes,' and then went at it. Found it fairly impossible for about a fortnight ; passed three weeks reading Marryat's novels, tried cautious- cautiously, as on ice paper-thin, once more ; and, in short, had a job more like breaking my heart than any other in my ex perience. . . . Mill was penitently liberal ; sent me £200 in a day or two, of which I kept £100, actual cobg of house while I had written burnt volume; upon which he bought me ' Biographie Universelle,' which I got bound and still have. Wish I could find a way of getting the now much macerated, changed, and fanaticized 'John Stuart Mill' to take that £103 back ; but I fear there is no way.' Of greater figures yet in the world of letters there are transient glimpses. We can only lament that Carlyle did not begin earlier his series of sketches of illustrious personages he had known and. studied, to judge from the two of Southey and Words worth in an appendix, which might, it may be noted in passing, as well have formed an integral part of the work. Wordsworth he appreciates only partially. He allows him the merit as a poet of 'an honest rustic fiddle, good, and well-handled, but wanting two or more of the strings, and not capable of much.' To him Wordsworth as a poet was 'a rather dull, hard tempered, unproductive, and almost wearisome kind of man.' ' His divine reflections and unfathomabilities seemed a feeble reflex, through Coleridge, of the immense German fund of such.' His egotism was infinite, in his opinion there apparently beiDg, not excluding Shakespeare himself, 'of transcecdant unlimited pro bably but one specimen known, Woods worth himself.' What Carlyle really admired in him, far beyond his poems, was his conversational faculty of the exactest human portraiture and insight into charac ter. In this gift only James Carlyle, mason, of Ecclefechan, excelled the prophet of the Lake school ! It is not that any feature is positively false in this praise and dispraise of Wordsworth ; the want is a negative want. The survey of Southey is more satisfactory, or, at any rate, less palpably inadequate, with its touches of warm admiration for the poet's and essayist's ' clang of chivalrous valour and reverence ;' of benevolent surprise at the flashing, flushing sensitiveness pre served through 60 years of jostling through life, and tempered only by tie most rigid 'habitudes;' of glow ing pity for 'the garland and crown of victory' — an insane wife in the present, dotage for himself in the future— 'pro- vided for an old man when he survives, spent with his fifty years of climbing and of running, and has what you call won the race !' We have been carried on by the interest of this remarkable book to a greater length of comment and quotation than -we con templated. We can but say we have left very much more behind for the enjoyment of its readers. The liveliest gratitude is due to Mr. Froude for having helped to preserve from destruction or oblivion memorials full of instruction on contempo rary character, fuller of light upon the character of Carlyle himself, in its harsh ness, in its tenderness, in its heroic egotism, as well in its limitations of vision as in its range both of sympathy and of antipathy. On Monday and Tuesday, April 18 and 19, Mr. Burnett oouttoned hia labors at Terowie. preachiDg each evening to large congregations. Iu addition a mothers' meeting and a children's service were held on Tuesday, when large numbers attended and took the pledge. Xn Terowie alone no lets than 350 persons hare joined the crusade. At Varoowie on Wednesday and Thursday evenings Mr. Burnett; held two meetings. On the first evening he delivered his lecture 'Pictures from Beal Life.' Mr. William Lock presided. The Kev. W. A. Laugef ord and Mr. McOathoray took part. As the result of this meeting fifty persons signed the pledge. Mr. Burnett held a religious service on Thursday evesiDg, which was well attended. On Friday evening the temperance reformer held his last Bervice in this district at Ganowie, when sixteen more joined the crusade. Mr. Q. Hiles, J.P., pietided. In thi2 district uo less thau 423 peiBoce have taken the pledge. 