The Morning BulletinROCKHAMPTON. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1881. THE WEEK. SINCE Parliament rose there has been a complete lull in political affairs. Our representatives seem to be delighted to get rid of the worry of legislative work, and the strain of active hostilities in the Assembly. In the end of last week the Premier accompanied by Mrs. M'llwraith left Brisbane on a northern tour. They went to Maryborough, and having there visited several places of interest connected with the industries of the colony, they proceeded to Bundaberg, and thence to Mr. M'llwraith's station at Gin Gin. On Wednesday evening the hon. gentleman was entertained at a grand banquet in Bundaberg, He was to have left on the following day for Rockhampton, but owing to the detention of the steamer Lady Bowen by stress of weather he would not get away till yesterday. He is expected to arrive here to-day. Arrange- ments wore made to entertain Mr. M'llwraith to a banquet the Hall of the .School of Arts on Friday evening, but in consequence ofhis unavoidable detention at Bundaberg, it has been postponed till Monday evening. About 150 invitations have been issued, and the banquet will doubtless be a grand affair. The Premier will leave this town on Tuesday morning, and proceed out West, probably as far as Ayrshire Downs Station, on the upper watershed drained by the Diamantina River. A contemporary says that in returning he will cross the country by Hughenden to Charters Towers, and thence by rail to Towns- ville. Hon. S. W. Griffith lins been on a professional visit to Gympie, and his admirers there entertained him to a ban- quet on Wednesday evening. At the same time he was presented with a characteristic and valuable souvenir of his visit in the shape of a lump of auriferous quartz. THOSE who characterise the proceedings in our Assembly as quite unparalleled, do not read the reports of the proceedings in other colonial legislatures. Of course, there may not be much credit in our representatives being as good as their neighbours, but when the former are being condemned they should get the benefit, whatever it may be worth, to be derived from thc fact. Both in New South Wales and Victoria the proceedings of the Assemblies are characterised by a. great deal of loose talk. Our telegrams show that in South Australia the utmost freedom of speech is indulged in. This week a member of the Opposition, in the course of a tirade, spoke of the paid adherents of the Ministry. His words were at once challenged, and he was asked to withdraw them, but positively refused. For his contumacy he was suspended from taking any farther part in the proceed- ings. It seems to us thc majority have been acting very harshly. A statement of that kind could only be hurtful if based on truth. For any party to deprive a constituency of its share of representation, because the member for it used words distasteful to them, is a repre- hensible proceeding. If the hon. gentleman, however, persisted in making a statement for which he was challenged, and could not prove, then the matter assumes a different complexion. As the affair has been communi- cated to us it would appear that complaints about a tyrant majority and autocratical Government cannot be confined to Queens- land. AMONG the notable local events of the week has been the arrival of tho Q.R.M.S. Almora, with the mail up till the 10th September, and the first party of immigrants by steamer. Considerable interest attaches to the arrival of the latter. As the steamers were not built for emigration service they have had to be fîtted up specially for the emigrants coining hither. Very comfortable well-aired quarters were provided, between decks. The cooking and dietary arrangements were also of a first-class character. On the voyage the male emigrants had a chance of earning a little money, as they were employed to discharge cargo at ports where the steamer was quarantined. When it was proposed to employ the mail steamers in the emigration service, it was said the emigrants would he killed by heat on the voyage down the Red Sea, and through the Tropics. There was some little sickness on board, and two fatalities, but these seem to have arisen from change of diet and circum- stances. Thc sickness was not general, and was of a type common on board ship. The temperature in the immigrants' quarters on board ship was never higher than 100°', and the average all through was much lower. Those who came here appeared to be healthy and in good spirts. They seemed to belong to the class of persons we have hitherto been accustomed to receive as immigrants. IN connection with the arrival of the steamer some discussion has taken place on the rates of freight to this port, and the manner in which the trade service is being conducted. One complaint is that the rates from London to Brisbane, are less then to Rockhampton. lt seems to be thought that the distance to Rockhampton being less the rates should also be smaller, Upon inquiry we find that the scale of charges is influenced by the state of freight business in the London market. Thc carriage of goods to Australia is competed for by several com- panies, and, just in proportion as they are anxious or otherwise tn make up cargo for theirships, merchants are enabled lo secure light terms of freight from them. In calculat- ing the advantages of our direct steamship service regard must be had not only to the rates they charge, but to the low freights they compel other competitors for traffic tn accept. Though the rates to Rockhampton are higher than they are to Brisbane, they are less than goods can be obtained in the same time from London by any other service. If hey are not so low as those for freight to Brisbane, that arises from the fact that our metropolitan merchants enjoy the advantages of competi- tion. Another ground of complaint is the lighterage charges. If these are high the state of our labour market is accountable. A reduction in them must be brought about by merchants themselves. More serious grounds of complaint than those referred to. are the delays arising from goods being carried past the port to Brisbane ; and the way in which packages and boxes are smashed by the employment of Coolie labour. The first of these will be obviated by the erec- tion of a deepwater wharf at Port Alma, floods will then be landed without the delay incidental to the arrival of steamers and lighters. By the employment of a gang of lumpers to ship and discharge cargo up and down tho coast, the B.I.S.N. Company are removing grounds for the second complaint. The growing popularity of the service, and increasing traffic show that notwithstanding some grumbling the steamer are fulfilling expectations. The Rockhampton Municipal Council met last Thursday, and at once proceeded to deal with the usual applications for street and other improvements, referring them, as a rule to the various committees, for investigation and report. They granted three months leave of absence from their sittings to Alderman Page, who has been laid up during some time past, and is, we regret to say, not expected to leave his bed-room soon. A petition signed by forty ratepayers praying for the opening of the gate on the Port Curtis Road, leading to thc Town Common, on the grounds that its closure entailed great inconvenience, and, in some instances, heavy loss, on owners of cattle, was presented. After sorne discussion, it was decided that the Commonage committee should make inquiries on the spot, and deal summarily with the matter if necessary. Alderman Sharples motion for the drainage of Stanley-street was withdrawn by him as he said he had ascertained that the cost-some £2000 would be too great a drain on their funds during the present year, what- ever might bo done next year. The same Alderman moved that a gratuity of £50 be given to Mr. Edgar for his services in con- nection with the planting of trees in the public-streets. This he had also to withdraw, after having found that the majority of the Council were of opinion that Mr.Edgar, as Curator of the Botanic Gardens, was already sufficiently remunerated fo his services. The remainder of the business was of a routine character. AT a meeting of thc Chamber of Commerce, held last Thursday, Messrs. Acheson and Allen complained, by letter, that several of their constituents on the railway line habi- tually enclosed money in letters that were handed to the guards to be posted. As such letters had not in all cases reached their destination, it was decided that the matter be reported to the Post Office authorities with a view to an inquiry being instituted The Chamber might have suggested that a letter box should be placed in each train, which would rémove all grounds of complaint, and hinder any one from casting suspicion on the railway guards. A letter was read from twenty-two carters, directing attention to the want of accommodation at the railway ter- minus here for the reception of goods, as well as to the insufficiency of the hands there to perform tie necessary work. It was agreed to bring tie matter under the notice of the Commissioner for Railways, on his arrival here to attend the Mayor's banquet to the Premier. In connection with the Burdett-Coutts Gold Mining Company it has been determined to take a new departure, and endeavour to float a company with a capital of £20,000. We hope this scheme will be successful, as it seems to be the unanimous opinion of those acquainted with our gold reefs, that capital alone is needed for their development and to a great stimulus being given to our mining industry, At Mount Morgan and Morinish operations are being carried on successfully. On last Saturday morning Inspector Stuart despatched two black trackers, in charge of Constable O'Rourke, with their horses, to the scene of the murder of two Kanakas, alleged to have been killed by one of their countrymen, at Marmadilla. Assisted by the local police, they picked up traces of the murderer, and eventually shot him on top of the mountain near Springsure, after a desperate resistance. It appears he had ensconced himself in a cave, whence he hurled huge boulders at the police until he was brought down by them. The police and black trackers have been highly praised for their conduct on the occasion. During the past week several telegrams of an exciting if not horrifying nature arrived from Cooktown. They first reported that the crew of a Chinese fishiug boat saw eight large canoes containing about 50 blacks near Messrs, Fuller and Watson's beche-de-mer station at Lizard Island ; and subsequent messages set forth that Mrs. Watson and her children, who had been left on the island, unprotected, had disappeared ; and that portions of their underclothing bad been dis- covered. Later intelligence states that search parties had been formed without delay. The latest of all was to the effect that Mrs. Watson and her child (or children) had been removed from tho island some three weeks before the alleged outrage ; but that there was no doubt about several Chinese having been murdered. The Mrs. Watson referred to is a daughter of Mr. Oxenham, landlord of the Red Lion Hotel, Denham-street ; and much anxiety concerning her is felt by her many friends in Rockhampton. A GOOD deal of rain has fallen in and nearly all round us during the week, though in Rock- hampton the weather cleared up more speedily than could be desired. On Wednesday morn- ing a thunderstorm burst over Gladstone, Rockhampton, and Mackay, and very heavy rain came down, especially in this town, where it was registered at I '35 inch for showers of very short duration. Bundaberg was more favoured, whilst Maryborough and St. Lawrence got more than a fair sprinkling. The weather here looks quite dry as we go to press. A meeting was held at M'Bride's Hotel, Bogantungan, on the 17th instant to con- sider the advisability of putting a stop to the practice of sly grog selling on the railway line. The chair was occupied by Mr. James M'Pherson, who complained that though tho police were very strict in looking after those licensed by law to sell spirits, they took no notice of people who infringed the same law by selling without license. Resolutions with a view of putting a stop to the practice were agreed to. This week's telegrams show that the English Government is taking strong measures to stop the agitation in Ireland. By the more prominent clergy and laymen-including among the latter Sir Cavan Duffy- the Irish Land Act has been accepted as a satisfactory measure. The attempts to continue the agi- tation are not honest and disinterested, or stimulated by the people, so those making them have been placed in the meantime where they can give no trouble. Already it is reported a change for thebetter has become apparent, and it is to be hoped thc improvement will continue. Abdul-rahman Khan has succeeded in his contest for the throne of Afghanistan. Having defeated Ayoub Khan he has followed up his victory by chasing his rival out of the country. Abdul-rahmann is in possession of Herat, and Ayoub is a refugee in Persia. The Boers having finally accepted the terms of the agreement concluded by the Con- vention some time ago. British troubles in South Africa may he regarded as at an end in the meantime. The annual picnic in connection with the Licensed Victuallers' Association has been postponed from next Tuesday till the following Thursday, when the jovial boniface's hope to see a good gathering at Fairy Dower, OUR Rolleston correspondent reports that a mob of 400 mixed cattle, Mr. Dickson in charge, passed through there on Saturday, the 22nd instant, hound for Port Cooper. Cattle were suffering from want of rain, and the squatters were longing anxiously for it. THE Australian Sketcher is very attractive this month, "Springtime in Australia," "BotanicGardens Ballarat," "Maryborough " Victoria, and "Starting Point of Great Northern Railway," give pleasant views of Australian scenery. There is a fine view of Brisbane Grammar School. The Postmaster-Gencrai and the Minister for Lands, (says the Courier), though booked, did not leave by Saturday's steamer, but were passengers by the Governor Blackall, which left for Sydney on Tuesday, Mr. Lumley Hill, M.L.A., also left by the same boat, and it is understood that he is on his way to England. WE understand that Mr. A. Jardine has gone down the river in the steamer Fitzroy to to meet the Premier and Mr. Nisbet on board the Lady Bowen at the lightship. They will proceed this morning to the proposed site of the deepwater wharf at Eupatoria Point, and make a careful examination of the locality. Mrs. Mcilwraith and Mr. A. O. Herbert will probably arrive by the Lady Bowen between one and two o'clock. Professor Pepper had a very large and fashionable audience at the Theatre Royal last night, when he took his visitors to the statue galleries of Europe. The reproduc- tion of the most famous specimens of ancient and modem sculpture, by means of the oxy- hydrogen lantern, &c;, were most vivid and realistic. They charmed and delighted the audience, who, by their loud applause ex- pressed their feelings. The marvellous exhibition of the ghost completely astonished those who had not seen it before. The dissolving statue, in beautiful face and figure, and fine disposition of drapery, rivalled the classic works of art. Much credit is due to the lady who lent her shadow for the occasion. Messrs. Saber Brothers have generously arranged that the children of the Orphanage shall participate in the pleasure of the matinee to- day. Another enticing entertain- ment is announced for to-night. The anniversary sermon of the North Rockhampton Primitive Methodist Church will be preached to-morrow by the Rev. E. T. Lloyd, from England ; the services com- mencing at 3 and 7'30 p.m. Onthe following Tuesday there will be a public tea meeting in tho same church to welcome Mr. Lloyd. THE services at the Fitzroy-street Church to-morrow will be conducted by the Rev. E. T. Lloyd, at 11 a.m., and the Rev. J. Williams at 7.30 p.m. At the latter service the death of the late Mrs. Landsberg will be improved. The Rev. George Slade will preach in tho Baptist Church, Denison street, to- morrow in the morning on " The Christian's Idea of Life," and in the evening on "Self Destruc- tion." A CAPITAL game was played last night in the billiard handicap at the European Hotel. The players passed and re-passed each other continually during the match, which was finally won by 8 points. Play will be resumed on Monday. STATE ol the Hospital for the week ending 28th October. Admitted during the week : Males, 3. Discharged : Males, 3. licmaining inhospital: Males, 23 ; females, 3. Total, 26. Seven patients in the special ward. Acknow- ledged with thanks parcels of papers from Mrs. Roberts, Alma-street ; also Mr. Munro, East street. The Visiting Committee for the month consists of the following gentlemen : - Messrs. H. Jones, J. M'Pherson, and Dr. Salmond. RESIDENTS on the various reserves about Rockhampton and the general public are notified that the sale of the Kalka allotments, will take place at the rooms of Mr. G. S. Curtis, Denham-street, on Wednesday next, 2nd November, at ll o'clock. The suburban villa residence on the Athelstane Range, at present occupied by Mr. Joseph Brown, will be sold at the same time and place, therefore, recollect Wednesday next, 2nd November. ADVT. 