THE NEW VERSION OF THE NEW TESTAMENT. AT lsst, after eleven years of unremitting labour by a company of the mOBt learned men who could be found willing to devote themselves to so great a work, a revision of tbe Authorised Version of tbe New Testament has been completed and published from tbe University Press at Oxford. It is part of tbe revision of the Holy Scriptures as a whole which may shortly be expected to be accomplished. No greater literary work than this could have been undertaken, none in which those who speak the English language could have been more deeply interested. So thoroughly penetrated indeed bag English literature been with the language of the authorised version ofthe Scriptures that it seems almost a desecration to touch wbat has so long been sanctioned. For many generations bave the words of these Scriptures become so familiar that a new version of tbe Bible would seem to convey to our sensibilities a shock almost as qreat as would be conveyed by the announcement of a new version of Milton or of Shakspeere, Even its defects have become eo associated with the whole body of English lite-ature that any alteration seems, to be a violation of historical sentiment. If the style be archaic, if the translation fails even to express tbe moBt subtle shades of the original Greek- Hebrew, has it not yet acquired a kind of sanctity by association alone, independent altogether of its historical value P 8uch feel njs muBt survive for many yeare. A sew version of the Scriptures can soarcely be for thoee who speak the English language wbat tbe old has been. As well might we expect to realise in bizarre revivals of Gothic architecture the mature dignity and mysterious beauty which still clings to tbe great fabries of York, of Westminster, of Amiene, or of Bouen, For centuries these English Scriptures ofthe Old and jfew Testament bave been like well.used weapons, cherished all the more tor tbeir imperfect'ona. But modern scholarship is exacting. It is not now sufficient that learned men should be familiar with the dead languages from which these Scriptures are derived. The Scriptures, as translated into tbe " vulgar tongue," muBt be vulgar no longei 1 . They must be as accurate translations &B; tbey well can be, fashioned though tbey be on the old-fashioned lines of the authorise! version. It is some .five-snd-twenty years since a strong movement in this direction bad set in. familiar to us as tbe translation of tbd Scriptures is whioh was dedicated to the <• the moBt high and mighty JameB," who was King, not only of Great Britain, but of France and Ireland, it is, after all, only > modern version as compared with its aniique originals. The ScripturfB no doubt hid done, tbeir work in tbe far distant ageB, remnants »B they were of the primitive egas of faith. They lived on through the dim learning of medieval history.. Almost altogether obscured for many generations, bow stirring and almost romantic is the story of thBir revival! Tbe new learning came, and . ith itcaaetbe discovery of tbeaa Scriptures. • It was like the discovery of a hidden treasure of which all tracea almost bad bepn nst, Entering into tbe Jabours of Erasmus, pM mad? feisfrroilfttiPBi tf tbs meifRt writings. What a aew ligbt they threw upon life! 8ecretly circulated tbey were read with avidity, in spite of authoritative repression. Defective as this transla'i^n was, it did its work. It prepared tbe way for more translations. There were bibles great and little—bibleB for bishopB, and bibles for tbe people. Tbe King, a rebel to Papal authority, while forbidding by public proclamation the public reading, graciously permitted the lieges to do so quieily, reverently, and aeorelly, for tbeir instruction, at such times nnd places as might be convenient. Thus it went on for - some years, Boverdale'a Bible being issued in 1598. For the next thirty years, duritig the reign of Edward VI., the reign of Mary, and the 6rsl twelveyeare of Elizabeth's reign, the Bishop's Bible and the Geneva Bible divided tlie popular sympathies, the majority leaning t tbe G; n«v« version Tnen iu 1571 Conv« cation mode a decree tliat there should be i great bible in every bishop's palace, as we'l as in every cathedral and parish church Later on still, ofier James succeeded, Convochti-n age'n declared that every churchw, rlen simuM supplv his pariah with a Ure t Bible—eomplisstmi voluminis. Shortly after came the present Authorised Version, which bag kept its ground wel 1 , though a bill to authorise a revision was introduced into the Commons during tbn Long Parliament. It did not pass, however, and now, afier a lapse of 270 years, we bav^ a portin ofthe revised edition, which i" every tis^ect IB- more complete a <d more accurate than any utber version which has preceded it. Tbe first meeting of tbe New Testament Company was held on tbe 22nd of June, 1870, at the Jerusalem Chamber, Westminster Abbey, under the presidency ofDr- Ellicott, the BiBhop of Gloucester and Bristol. Shortly after, under sanction of Convocation, ihe Westminster Company, under tbe presidency of tbe Bishop of Gloucester, through the intervention of Bishop Wiberforce, of Oxford, and Dean Stanley, placed themselves in communication with certain learned men in A merioa, who formed themselves into two committees for the purpose of reviewing the work as it was revised in England. This correspondence was commenced at the latter end of 1871, and was continued uninterrup.edly till the cl'iES of tbe work. The differences between the companies, as organised in England and Amrrica, did not amount lo many, and these, at the request of tbe Amerioan revisers, are appended in the form of a list of readings and renderings which was prepared by them. As a sample of tbeee may be quoted tbe three first:— " I. Strike out S (i.e.,) from tbe title of tbe gospels and from the heading of the pages. 2\. Strike our. • tbe Apostle' from the title of tbe Pan ine Episll-s,: and of ' Paul the Apostle' from tbe title of the Epistle to tbe Hebrews. 2 For ' H 'ly Ghost' adopt uniformly the rendering • Holy Spirit'" The rules laid down as a guide to tbe re viBers were as follow:— 4 1 1. To introduce as few alterations as possible in tbe text of tbe Authorised Version consistently with faithfulness, " 2. To limit, as far as possible, the expression of such slterations to tbe language of the Authorised and earlier English Versions. "3 Eaoh company to go twioe over tbe portion to be revised, once provisionally, tbe second time finally, and on principles of voting as hereinafter provided. 4\. That the text to be adopted be that for which tbe evidence is deoidedly preponderating ; and tbat when the text so adopted differs from that from whioh the Authorised Version was made, the alteration be indicated in the margin. " 5. To make or retain no change in tbe text on the second final revision by each Company exoept two-thirds of those present approve ofthe sum-, but on the first revision to decide by sim[le majorities, " 6. In every case of proposed alteration that may bave given rise to disoussion, to defer tba vo'ing thereupon till the next meeting, 1 whensoever tbe same f>ball be required by one-tbird of those present at the meeting, such intended vote to be announced in tbe notice for n*xt meeting. "7, To revise i he headings of chapters, pages, paragraphs, italioe, and punotua tion. " 8, To refer, on tbe part if eaoh Company. when considered desirable, to divines, scholars, and literary men, whether at home or abroad, fur their opinions There were 407 meetings of the West- minister Company, tbe chairman attending 405, and the average attendance was 10 uut al a company of 24. Tbe version is prefaced by a full statement from the revisers setting out tbe character of their work, tbe authority under wbicb they acted, together with other particulars under the headings of Text, Translation, Language^ and Marginal Notes. A work thus carried out by learned men, whose learning is universally allowed, iB almost beyond criticism—certainly beyond anv criticism which can here be bestowed on it. As a sample of results, and of tbe version as we now find it, let us take the following :— The two verses, the 7th and 8th of tbe first chapter of John, are omitted. They bave,it seems been universally regarded as spurious, and they now disappear altogether from the text, Tbe L >rd'a Prayer, as given in the 11th chapter of St. Luke, now runs thus :— " Father—Hallowed be thy name. Thy, kingdom Come, Gife us day by day our daily bread. And forgive us our sins; for we ourselves a}sb forgive every one that is indebted to u». And bring UB not.into temptation." And again in tbe other version of this same prayer, as given in tbe Sermon on the Mount, the concluding petition runs)—" And bring us not into temp, tation. but deliver us from the Evil One." Speaking of (bis particular passage, end of thn criticism which be seems to anticipate. Dr. Ellicott says: "In all more difficult passages we have even given especial heed to the great early vercionB and to the voice, wherever it could be beard in the same language as that which we were translating, of primitive and patriotic antiquity.: In many of these pasanses it will be found that we are but reproducing tbat which had al" ways been the interpretation of tbe beBt and earlieat writers of the. Greek-speaking Primi'ive Church. We thus sought to trend the old patlis as well as tbe new, and, while never neglecting modern scholarship, bare «ewr mwtf elfU»&frprf;!ti$eni ffiw- 1 out such a clear amount of contextual or linguistic authority as rendered eucb a reversal a matter of distinct and indisputable faithfulness." It need scarcely be said, perhaps, that so far as tbe Cburcb of England is concerned the New Version of the New Testament will not at present take tbe place of tbe Authorised Version. It is indeed only a part of the work now under revision. When that iB completed the whole will, no d«ubt, be brought under the proper authorities f<" consideration. But tbe public itself must to some extent be accustomed to tbe change before il can be UBefU'ly adopted. Indeed it is by no means improbahle tbat non-conforming church bodies will be found more willing to adopt it tb«n the Church of Knglmd herself. Under any circumstances some years will probably e'apBe befo'e thiigreat Work is accepted as the authoritative version for use in churches. 