MR. PUNCH AT THE THEATRES. The other night Mr. Punch had another opportunity — it wots not whence, for, with his accustomed modesty, he would fain divert attention from the " chiel amang ye takin ' notes" — of witnessing " Diplomacy." His first impressions were more than confirmed. If there is one thing for which Mr. Punch cares more than another it is a good comedy — ergo, he cares more for " Diplomacy than anything else — for "Diplomacy " is a good comedy in every sense of the word. Then, what with excellent acting, appropriate scenery, good music, and a general effectiveness, it becomes no wonder he should so enjoy it. There can be nothing more hearty and truly English than Mr. Beeve's Beauclerc ; nothing more real and intensely true than Mr. Titheradge's picture of the husband ; nothing more life-like than Mr. Forbes' Baron Stein ; nothing better in any way than the Count Orloff of Mr. Cates ; while even the insignificance of Algie Fairfax and the man in plush of several colours are to a degree reversed by the impersonators of the characters so distinguished. Of the ladies Mr. Punch longs to speak, but space forbids. # & That sun of fortune which for so long has shone with full force upon the Queen's Theatre seems latterly to have been quite eclipsed. A cloud of reverses overhangs the place somehow — but the ghost yet takes his periodical wanderings through it all. It is a jolly place, the Queen's, when full of energetic and trumpet-tongued pitites, but when displaying a beggarly array of empty stalls, the picture is not so pleasing. Then the pictures behind the footlights, too, become rather depressing. Mr. Dillon, owing to a domestic affliction, has entered into temporary retirement, and on Saturday Mr. J.B.Steele is announced to appear at this theatre. Mr. Punch congratulates Mr. W. J. Wilson upon the neat and in viting appearance presented by the Opera House, also upon the great artistic merit of his new drop-scene. This theatre has never been a particularly popular resort, owing, doubtless, to asthmatic men and lethargic ladies finding themselves incapable of ascending the flight of stairs to the distant Olympus. This difficulty is now lessened and the way is made a perfect royal road. The season has started well and Mr. J. L. Hall, whose Captain Gingah, like his own humour, mellows with time, is a study to be for a lifetime borne in a pleasant memory. In fact Mr. Hall and those who saw him play the part, will probably miss it nightly in the great hereafter. Mr. Punch will, at least. In the company there are two clever little bodies, the Misses Marsh, whom Mr. Punch remembers when they were " so high ; " well, they are not much taller now, but their art is considerably higher, Miss Lily giving promise of becoming a star of the first magnitude. But the company altogether is a good one. Herr August Wilhelmj has come ! Sound the loud cymbals and let our welcome to another great artist outshine the greeting we vouchsafed to others equally eminent, who have crossed the seas to visit us. Herr Wilhelmj's reputation knows no bounds, it is world wide, and in him we shall see one famous as the greatest violinist of his age. This star is accompanied by other bright ones, including Miss Bate Thayer and Herr Yogrich of whom fame has sounded the loudest praises. " Tambour Major " continues to attract large houses at the Boyal. A prophecy from Oxford Street - Some party is bound to be tram pled on. The only safeguard for those who have not been vaccinated is to read Punch. Those who have undergone such operation will find a like course equally necessary. 