A VENETIAN GHOST STORY. ' For many centuries tho Ingoons of Venice have been divided into districts for tho pur poses of fishing. These tracts of water are not distinguished by any boundaries visible to tho eye : but their limits are well known to the fishermen who make their living upon them. In the shallower parts of theso dis tricts, where the oozy bed oi the lagoon is left bare by each receding tide, the fishermen have marked off a certain portion. This they sur round by a palisado of wattle cane, called a " graznoln." Insido this palisade the mud is dug into doep ditches, so that tbero shall always be water in them, even when the tide is low. These places aro called volli," and here the fish are driven to spawn. Each of these " volli" has a little hut belonging to it, built either on piles or on- forced soil, and made of wattled cane, plastered with mud, or of bricks. Tho hut usually contains one Bquare room, a door and two windows. The fishermen require these cabins, for they sometimes stay three or four : days together in the remote lagoon, sending their fisli to market every morning by one Of their number, just as the deep-sea fishers of Chioggia do. In side the " valli" fishing is carried on with a line; but outside,' in the open water Of the lagoon, the mon use nets.. In the fifteenth century there were sixty-one of these " valli but many have now been destroyed ; and the high tides flow uninter ruptedly over the larger portion of tho lagoon surface. Those which still exist lie, for the most port, in the remote and little frequented reaches, and follow closely the mainland line, while towards tlie " lidi " hardly any are in work. The landscape of these distant fishing grounds is vast and solitary. The sense of loneliness is heightened by the isolated little, lint rising Bquare from the water, the only habi tation visible. On ' all sides seeming endless plain stretches away. For though these "valli" lie near tho mainland, the earth is so low that the eye perceives no difference \- of level, but passes 011 until it rests at length upon tho faint blue Euganean hills ; or, on the other side, across the long grey water levels, tlie sight may range — mile upon mile of pearly surface trending away — till on the very offing it finds Venice, a rosy-orange lotns basking on the water ; or tho Armenian convent, a burn ing crimson point ; or, further still to the right, somo few solitary trees by tlie port of Malamocco. In tbe sky, too, is the same feel ing of vast expanse. Its tone is usually opa line grey, or filmy blue. Bnt at snnriso or sun set come flashes of richer color. Now flames of burnished bronze sboot suddenly and far across the levels as the sun's iirst aro gains and surmounts tho horizon; tlie bronze mellows into gold, as the sun rises, and fades at length into the. paler and clearer yellow of pnre day light. .Or again, as the sun Binks, the whole heavens will be lit np and glow, an illuminated scroll in orange, crimson, purple and blue ; then that splendor too dies away and leaves the sky a pale translucent blue, just melting into green where the first star trembles. It is a solitary lifo these fishermen lead in tiio middle oi this vast sweep. Ranging the lagoon, you may meet them either quite alono or in grpups of five or six dotted about at dis tances of fonr or five hundred yards. There is something strange about their figures, stand ing rigid in the stern of tlio long, light boat ; the prow titled up out of tbe water ; each erect black silhouette with shoulder bare nnd fishing-spenr poised motionless in hand ; the shadow still upon the lagoon below him ; nnd all around the mellowing grey of air and sky and sea. Or more strange and fascinating still when tiio men nro fishing with nets, and the drumming and booming that they make to frighten the fish sounds like some weird incan- tntion across the water. And tho names of -some of these "valli" where the men work have a suggestion of the uncanny about them — tlie Vai doll' Inferno, or tlio Valle dei Sette Alorti, for example. Of "tlie Valle die Sette Morti there is a story /urrent among the gondoliers and fishern/n. There were six men fishing once h/ this " Valle " of the Seven Dead. They had with them a little hoy, tlie son of ono of their band. Tho hoy did not go out fishing witli his father, but stayed behind to take care of the lmt and to cook the meals for the men when they re- turned. -He spent the nights alone in tho cabin, for most of the fishing was done be- tween sunset and sunrise. One day, ns the dawn was beginning across the water, the men stopped their fishing and began to row homo with, their load as usual. As they rowed along they met tho body of a drowned man going out to sea with the tide. They picked the body up and laid it on the prow, tho head resting upon the aim, and rowed on slowly to the hut. The little boy was watching for them, and went down to the edge of the canal to meet them. He saw the body of the seventh man lying on tho prow, bnt thought that he was asleep. So, when . the boat came near, he crfed to his father, " Breakfast is ready ; come along 1" and with that ho turned and went back to the lmt. The men followed tlie hoy, and left the dead man lying on tlie prow. When they had sat down the boy looked round and said, " Wuere is the other man ? Why don't you bring liim in to breakfast too ?" " Oh I isn't he hero V" cried one; nnd then added, with a lnugli, "Von had bettor go and call him ; ho most be asleep." The boy went down to the cannl and shouted, " Whydon'tyoucometo breakfast? it is allready for you." But tho man on tlie prow never moved nor answered a word. So tho boy re- turned to tho hut, and said, "What is the matter with the man ? He won't answer." " Oh 1" said tliey, " he is a deaf old fool. You must shout loud, and swear at him." The boy went back again, and cried, ".Come along, you fool ; the .others aro waiting for you." But the man on the prow never moved nor answered a word. Then the boy ran hack tp the hut and said, " Come ono of yon ; for I can't wake him up." Bnt they laughed and answered, " Go out again and shake him by tlie leg ; tell him we cr.fi't wait till doomsday for him." The boy wont down to the water once more. He got into the boat and Bliook tlie man by tlie leg. Then the man turned'and sat up on tbe prow, and said to tbo boy, " What do yon want V" " Why on earth don't you como ? Are tliey all to wait I till doomsday for you ?" " Go back and toll 1 them that f am coming." So tho boy went back to tbo hut and found tho men laughing nnd joking. "Well, what did lie say ?" thoy cried. " It is all right," answered the boy, "ho says lie is coming." The men turned pale and looked at one another, and sat very still and laughed no more. Then outside they I heard footsteps coming slowly up the path, i Tlio door was pushed open, and tiic dead man i came iu and sat down in the boy's place, 1 ' the seventh at the table. ' But each i ' sat with his eyes fixed upon tho seventh, I their guest. They could not move or speak. ' ' Their gaze was fastened on tho dead man's j ' face. The blood flowed ohiller and chiller in I . their voins till, as the snn rose and flashed j : aloug tlie lagoon, there wero seven dead men 1 I sitting round tho table in the room. Snch ; was tlie story told lis one night rowing homo | from Chioggia. l't has evidently taken a deep | ' root in tho imagination of the people. Nor can wo wonder at this, nor at the weirdnes3 of . tbo tale, when we remember the solitary lives these fishermen lead, the limitless spaces , around them, vast enough to fling tho spirit back upon itself and set it creating. Tlie only matter for astonishment is that there are not more such stories. Ill the north, out of similar surroundings, we should have a whole ; group of legends, wild, fantastic or terrible as the tales which live among the fishers of the Hebrides or tlio wreckers and smugglers of tho . Devon and Cornish coasts. But a ghost story j is rare in Venice ; and this one would be difii- j cult to match even among the Italian novelists j and romancers. Possibly the external sur- roundings, tho aspect of nature, may have something to do with this. The terrible is wanting in Italian landscape, and find3 only 1 rare expression in Italian art. Tlie scenery of the lagoons is ample, soft, and caressing, but I terrible or strango or vague it is not. These ' are tlie essential elements of tlie supernatural, I and therefore it is that a genuine Italian ghost story is a rarity. 