AOTA'POPULI. By thk Flahkttb. Look here, Mr. Herr, Monsieur, Sahib, Signor, Batu, Dominie, Colonel, Pasha, Mandarin, Sachem, Don 'Kowulaki ! 1 am not exactly sure of your proper national title, but you can choose one from the above string, and having done so, lend mo your ears for a few moments, and I will return them at, tho earliest opportunity. That you ore a pianiet of tho first water, a very Sampson with his hair on, so to spoak, of musicians, even the biliously prejudiced few amongst uo are forced to admit, but there are certain items in the way of colonial experience which 30a would do well to worry up and correct at, an early date. When in Rome you must act na the Romans do, and when you are in the ' geebung ' land, you muot Btride along with the ' geobungs.' Now, in tho first place, Ratu Kowalski, you are lamentably deficient in what tho French call c7iic, and what wo call ' cheek,' and your total absence of: ' side '» is also extremely painful for the educated eye to witness. When you come on to play, for instance, you polka briskly along, and smile like a bridegroom going to meet his bride, or a city reporter going to a bar luncheon, and thon you just dump yourself down, and begin to wrestle the old masters without any further show or preliminary. This is frightful. You should enter with slow, measured strides, your gaze raised heavenward, and a general appearance of having eoen a ghost, or partaken previously of a hearty meal of green cucumbers and picnic gingerbeer, after which you should sink gracefully on your ctool like a snowflake on the bosom of a tranquil lake, or a new policeman on a Sunday grog serving publican. Ju-t here there should be an intermission of fivo minutes, and then you should suddenly start up as if you felt a snake in your boota, dart your fingers through your hair and once through the piano, and then bang ! bang ! Kerslash ! and away you go tmtil tho claquors or fakers (aa you call them) in front pound holea in tho lloor, and yell out 'Bully for you! first blood for the great Kowalski !' In the second part your principal trouble will be to master what is termed the ' flog' movement, and which consists of placing both hands underneath the tail of your claw-hammer banger and fanning the back of your head for forty-five bars with them, after which you spread them wide in all their peacock glory, and ahoot out your legs like the limbs of a galvanized frog at a lecture. Lastly Signor Mandarin Kowalski, you'll have to get a handkerchief. None of your red bundlehand kerchiefs, or four-a- shilling brown hollanders either, you know, but a delicate, fairy little concern about tho size of a shilling or eighteen- penco, and laced round the edges as profusely as the back of a Randwick Orphan School apprentice. Armed with this weapon you mop down your manly brow, while the ladies sigh, ' How enh'ancingly ecstatic,' and their pantaloon-clad male companions shout 'Angcore' and chow peppermint drops to covor the retreat of certain anti-temperances fluids. Lastly, again, Colonel Pasha Don Kowalski, when you end a piece fortissimo you should bang with your noso, your feet, and your hands simultaneously ; but when you ond morendo you should gradually lie over on your back, and, pointing to a fly on the ceiling, assume the air of a baked 'possum as you gently breathe the tender sigh and softly obsorvo — 'That's me, Don Sachem '::ahibllorr Kowaloki.' Fifty or sixty years' constaut practice of the above will make you a thorough pianist — that is, aa wo cockatoo professors understand tho term, so Au revoir. The proper treatmont of your art critics is reserved until tho weather cools a littlo. And so tho pie- oua Ozav wag distributed at last in his largo cap. St. Peteroburg ; the Nihilist's job is finished, and his case for the present closed. What tho next move will bo is hard to say, although it is only fair to our fellow-citizens to add that if they don't know, it isn't for tho want of talking over. Feeling that a little gentle ? :v ? ? exercise would do me good, I mounted the box ai a Mamckville 'buo last Monday, and took my oeat by tho side of an extromoly bald-headed but otherwise) respectable looking old party, and pre sently oponod up my exchange column of conver sation. Pretty soon I found it would pay mo bettor to listen, for, although my companion's whole tu vm -out wouldn't bring ten ehillingo at a bazaar auction, still he know the ins and outs of every European trouble, from the days of Attila down to those of Gambc-tla. The present Cz r'u littlo game wan an plain to him nu hia own noss $ he could road Gladstone's mind like one of Cole's circus posters ; the future policy of Biamarck he knew backwards, and the style in which he mapped out tlie coming crisis convinced me he was at least 573 years old, and1 that every oparo moment of his weary life must have been engaged in plough ing up these important political myotorieo. I never felt so small near a man before, excepting once when I did the 'block' by the aide of Chang the Chineoe giant. Juofc paot the Few town bend thio distinguished diplomafciot gofc down in front of a careworn looking cottage, and an anxious sort of woman immediately called out, ' John, wherever have you been ? Sonny has had 35 fits to-day. Out with that medicine, - quick.' ' Well, I hope I may be painted nky bluo, Jano,' replied the war correspondent slowly, ' if I haven't come back, and foi'got all about it;.' lie was do much engaged ciphering up what Bismarck would do if Ruonia joined France, and the Sydney volunteers were called home for active service, that Sonny lost his physio — and, I believe, recovered rapidly. There was once a time when Satan used to go about, not seeking whom ho might devour, but whom to buy up at cost price or a little under, and though he was occasionally ' stood upon his head' as it were over a bad bargain, still, on the -whole, tho trade seemed to pay, and become popular. Since the days of Mr. Freethought Faust, and the little bill of sale which Cavalier Mephistopheles held over him, however, this business has died out entirely, and drawing p.n.'s payable thirty days after death are seldom or never heard of. It is therefore encouraging to know that although there are no cash buyers for our souls at present in the market, there are many who, fchanliB to Dr. Renwick's Anatomy Bill, will gladly open up a trade for our bodies. For instance, suppose Mr. John Smith requires a ten-pound note to buy a cut-under buggy, or a washing machine, or &ny; other necessaries of life, or that he wishes to put that amount on my namesake for fche gold cup all he has to do jb to sign a deed transferring his right and title to his body after death to any of our worthy medicos who havo the time and taste for experiments. With thio tonner he may win ten hundred, and not only redeem the mortgage on himself, but actually buy up a job lot of other unfortunates, and by a little judicious 'rigging' of the anatomy market make a mass of untold wealth, and perhaps enjoy the extreme felicity of seeing his portrait in one of our illustrated Sydney journals. Before I sell out, however, there area fow matters respecting which I would like to be better informed. In the ease of an insolvent, for oxample, it seems to me the creditors have a perfect right tojjrealizo on their debtor's body, and this is by no means the cheerful fact that some men think it ia. Again in the case of assurance companies, when the person assured ' steps out,' ifc is pretty clear the underwriters ara perfectly justified in stepping in, and claiming the defunct by way of salvage. This is another cooler to the enthusiasm which first broke out when Dr. Ronwick'a bantling was introduced, and if some satisfactory explanation is not quickly given I fear the said bantling is mighty apt to be ovjr lain. I think it was either Titus Oates or Shake speare who first said ' Every dog has its day ' ; but so far as Sydney is concerned there seems to be a terrible overplus of dogs as compared with tho days, and unless Parliament paoses a bill either to curtail tho former or enlarge the latter, the majority of our dogs will suffer a gross injustice. Almost every family koope its dog, and I have heard some familieo are so wretchedly poor that they keep as many as ten or a dozen. A dog in ease is a useful and intelligent animal, and tho extreme recklessness with which a long, shin, yellow, sore-eyed mongrel will risk his own valuable life to break the necks of s man and a horse io worthy of even an electroplated testimonial ; but the dog in posse is by no moans do desirable, espeoiolly after he has boon in the unknown posse or future for about three days, and one is compelled to live on the leeward side of him. There wan 0 dog of tho latter class out Paddington v/ay on the first day of the present month. He had par taken too freely of a neighbour^ arconic, and going out into an adjacent 'lotment he lay down on his baok, and had barely time to observe, ' I die by the assassin's hand,' when the arsenic took a fresh grip of his vitals, and his spirit waltzed — that is if he evor had one. In Christian countries it is tho custom for a corporation cart to travel round at least once a year and remove any uii .. pleasant bodies liko tho above to a distance, but Paddington is not a Christian land, I presume, and the dead eithor bury their dead or do 1 1 ? o other thing. T?;o days after the dog in questicn died, ho began to diffuse himself as it were, ar.d on tho fourth day be began to throw out hints to tho inhabitants in his vicinity that he was somewhere about, and required a little attention. On the sixth day the people of Paddington thought they heard from him ; on tho seventh they became perfectly sure of it, and on I ho eighth they positively felt him. A requisition is now lying at tho Town Hall requesting him to resign his present position, and it is to be hoped the same will be signed by all who are neither . doctors nor undertakers. Whilst I am in a dogmatic humour, perhaps I'd better mention that the lady who lost a poodle . from the Glebe has just had him safely returned -'to the bosom of his family after having a remark ably risky time of it. She was an extremely thin and elderly lady, and he was an extremely fat and healthy poodle by the name of Julius Cæsar. He was away two days, after which lie was carefully carried home by an old coloured gentleman, who of course was well rewarded. Before he left, the delighted old lady asked as many questions respecting Julius as Cleopatra did respecting Antony, and amongst tho rest she anxiously inquired, 'An' where did 'oo find the little darling, Mister.' Her surprise may be imagined when this venerable Uncle Tom said he found him 'down in de butchar's yard at de cornah.' 'In a butcher's yard,' exclaimed the lady, ' whatever was Julius doing there ?' ' Well, y'see Missis,' replied the darky, ' de boss he'd a big tub of soapsuds down de yard, an' a dirty cart fotch'd up agen it, an' den he hed Joolyia Cæsar a tied on to de end ov a big pole, an' he were a washin out his cart wid 'im.' Tableau vivant in 2 acts, : : Old man Catiline once observed there were two ' bodies in the Eoman republic, the one weak with a weak head ; the other strong but without a head of any kind. Just now Mr. Catiline's chat would appropriately apply to our own affairs ; but if the strong body hero is without a head at present, it possesses a remarkably developed boil in the shape of Mr. Wm, Forstor, and the sooner it brings the same to a head the better it will be for all concerned. If there are other worlds than ours, it is only reasonable to suppose that the eternal question, 'Which was the greater novelist, Dickens or Thackeray?' has found its way into their debat ing classes, and is pulled to pieces and bullied over just the same as it is with ourselves. I have nothing to say on this point myself, but I have a little to say on reading. Persons who read the classics are apt to shut their eyes to tho fact that, many of our modern writers can hold their own with, and are occasionally of more use than, the ancient, and others who devote the whole of their sparo time to the perusal of ' The Red House,' 'The ghastly O-houls of Gibbetville,' and other equally high-class, a_nd instructive works, are apt to look down from their literary pinnacle with undisguised contempt on the light and frivolous, but nevertheless entertaining pages of Professors Tyndal, Huxley, Darwin, and other lesser luminaries. Sow my own favourite work is a good cookery book with plenty of highly coloured plates in it, and next to this comes a eeund, reliable Treatise on the gentle art of Crocheting. For startling incidents, sublimity of ideaB, and general morality, this periodical is unsurpassed, and the ease and gracefulness of its language is only equalled by the Government Gazette, or a Welsh dictionary. As a Bample just read the following quotation from a beautiful tale in the last number entitled, '.Edging for Table Nap kins.' The scene is laid in the Antimacassar Land, and the simple heroine, Penelope C. Hook, stands opposite the ' Boar's Head,' and waits for her adored one, Mr. Philip D'Oyley. He eoineB at last, the lovera embrace, and then as he gazes into Penelope's lustrous orbs, and the stars twinkle joyfully down on the happy pair, the hero says, ' Penelope, darling, make a chain of twenty-five, turn, miss four, drop three, pick up two, end pays it round the centre.' To which the blushing fair replies, ' Yes, dearest Philip, and then we'll repeat from tho stem, miss flva, double in tliG seventh stitch, pass over eight and then turn for the heading.' ' It shall be as thou oayest, mine own,' replies Phil, ,«',but we must for a time dissemble by commonc ang with 15 chain, drop 4, work 7, two treble, £ chain, escallop off the first row, miss 1, double in tho centre, 5 treble,! 6 back to seotion 4— 2 acres 12 perches ; back to 4, repeat 7, naught and carry 2, double through, loop 4 chains, 3 roods, drop 2; join both patterns and finish off with a spider's web in No. 15 cotton.' How simple tho story, and yet how deep tho though! s and how pure the expression ! One hour with this little work iB even more ennobling in its effects than a three-bottlo ride on a merrygo round, and more elevating in its grandeur than a keg of dynamite or a full-power kick from a double-action mule. As a British subject and a constant subscriber to Gospol tents, muffin struggles, and other pious ; diversions, .: I beg to lodge a most serious complaint against tho Sydney Morning Herald. When it is a simple master of a ' nigger' show or a Yankee circus I do not oxpect a page or two of particulars from Granny of course, because these are frivolous and ungodly, subjects j neither do I expect her to give me a glowing account of the last opera bouffe, or to- go into ccstacies over the symmetrical charms of Signora Cancani, Sara tho Kicker, or other ballet queens, because these matters approach the abomination of abomina tions latiiude, nnd ehould not even bp named amongst us ; but when a brand-now Prof oatant divine appears in our midst I consider he should rpppivp at least ns much notice as a big pianist or n prize pumpkin, and T therefore charge the Herald with ' flat bnsphomy,' as Dogberry would call it., in not publishing a full biography of Dr. Ellis, the new preacher at St. Andrew's, and in ' Boycotting,' as it were, the faithful from attending his advanced lectures. At con siderable expense, however, I have made myself acquainted with a little of 'Dr. Ellis's chat, and one or two quotations will show how startling are the worthy Doctor's teachings. His definition uf the 'church,' for instance, is extremely interest ing:— 'By the church,' says Dr. Ellis in a recent ser mon, 'I mean the Roman Catholic, the Greek, and the English Churches, all theso being branches of the true Church of the Living God. They, the other Christiana, have no creed, no fixed succession or order of worship, no value in sacra ments, have repudiated some of the books of the sacred canon ; nor can there be any authority in their teaching ; the Roman Catholic, Greek, and English Churches alone were in the succession.' Now the above is exceedingly rough on some of our Diseenting neighbours, but at the same time it is another proof of the immense advantages to bo derived from private judgment. Its great beauty however lies in the way it simplifies matters by reducing the number of competitors for the unfading crown to three divisions, and as Dr. Ellis puts these three on equal terms, or at ' scratch,' as tho pedestrians call it, there is after all some little hope that we badly trained PapistB will after all obtain at least a place.' What the other creeds who have entered are to do is not explained, and unless the Herald has room for a few thousand more sub- editors, I fear many a Rev. Chadband will have to do with out his annual trip to tho ' Continong.' ' How to kill t irrje^p: Sundays ' is the next subject with which Dr. Ellis has successfully wrestled, and if ho keeps- on demolishing griev ances as quickly as ho has done this, tho fame of L-a iviancna s lunatic lirngnt will be knooked as high as the price of our railway fares. ' A young bank clerk came to mo,' says this new reformer, 'for advice on the Sunday recreation question. He worked from 9 till 4 every day, without any intermission for dinner, in a dingy room with his books and papers lying . about him.' I am not at present in a position to say whether this young banker's books were lying about him or not, but; I can safely swear he was ,. lying about himself. That no intermission for dinrer is granted, I admit but that tho clerks contrive to make one is a thing which I have sometimes heard of. Dr. Ellis Bwoopcd down on the wrong martyr. If he wants a really good case, let him travel round to our work rooms, and our factories, and let him ask the pale, weak girl whe slaves from S.30 till 6, and on Saturday nights till 12, and whose weary soul, as our friend Job would say, 'seeketh for death even as they that dig for treasures' — lot him ask her what she'd think of the millenium if she were allowed to do her 7 hours' toil in place of 17. Grant her this, and be lieve me, Dr. Ellis, she will not trouble you to ahow her how to enjoy the Sabbath, or to inform her how to get rid of the toast; aud water luncheon either. . Let up on tho bankers, Doctor, and take a rtour: amongst the bonnet-builders. 