? EuTEBTAMMBin.—On Monday evening,' 28tb inst., an entertainment was given in tha Uraidla Assembly-rooms by. a psxty of gentleman amateurs from Adelaide, Norwood, and Port. The programme was a lengthy-and • varied one. Mr. G. Dinsdale's ventriloquwl 'wonders secured well-deserved applause, - Mi-ssra. J. Booney and A. Fisher in their, oomic songs fairly. brought down tbe house; while. Messr?. ttaimip,,. Hamilton, and Fisher in their, very; amusing farces, " Unhappy PWr/V and 41 Toby and the Ghost," created immense: fun.. Mr. XI Veyaey in hia' Ethiopian eccentricities made much merriment. Mr. Dew officiated with-great credit at the piano. A danse xook pl&oe; dftpr* wards, and was kept up with spirit for som0 ; time. v THEATBB BOTAL. —"Thefe wa* a moderate house at this theatre {last evening to witness the last performance of "That -Laas-o' Lowrie's." To-night. Shakspeare'a popular and charming comedy "As You Like It" will bo. placed upoQ the stage, with Miss Ada Ward in the put of Bosalind. Picnic AT CLOVER HILL.—A picnic in eon' nectiop with the local Church : w» held > at Clover -Hill, on Monday, 26th inst., and parsed, off very well. By midday-there were between three and four hundred persons on .the; groundj who seemed to thoroughly enjoy themselves, and to enter with zest', into the various games incidental to. a gathering of the kind. During tbe day a cricket match was played between the members of tbe Georgetown Cricket Club and of the Bifle Volunteer Company, the - latter winning with six wickets to spare. At 1 o'clock the cricketers adjourned te a luncheon provided by the Clover Hill ladies, and at half-past 4 there was a public tea, to which a large number sat down. At about half-past 6 the affair broke up, when all expressed themselves much pleased with tbe day's proceedings. The Georgetown brass- band was in attendance,- and? the proceeds amounted te about [£15. CHBISTHAS AT WATBEVALU. — Some four months ago a few of the Watery ale iadieii ottered to get up a Christmas-tree, the proceeds of which, were to be devoted to the reduo-- tibn of the debt on the Bible Christian Oburch.' The ladies in question have worked, well, the. result being that on Wednesday last, the 26th, £ large number of useful and ornamental articles were got together. A large pine as tbe Christinas-tree was elaborately ornamented, and when lighted up was a great attraction, besides which there were two stalls on which were -displayed some very pretty works of art. Mesdamea Sandow and -Bush,'together with the Misses Cole, Bad cock, Sandow, Bullook, and Turner, took charge of the stalls, tea., and were very successful in disposing of tbe various artiolesr under their charge. Mr. J.J. Duncan, J.P, performed the opening ceremony. The total proceeds of the sale were something over £30, besides which there are articles left to tbe value of about £20. The proceedings-were- enlivened by selections of music, which were well- played by Misses Pierce and Williamson, apd Mr. Williamson and Mr. 0. Sobels. HCDSOB'S SUBFBISH PABTT.—The Academy was crowded in all parts' on Thursday night. The programme will be repeated to-night. Tax MASBBT BVRSFIT.—We are requested. T» remind our readers 'that tbe matinee performance in aid of the widow of tbe late. Charles Massey will take place at the Theatre Boyal tomorrow. The programme to be presented is a very full one, and contains all tbe attractions which tbe combined companies of Mr. Allison and Mr. Hudson are capable of offering. Tne object of the benefit ia a most worthy one. Mr. Massey for years had 'contributed la no small degree to the pleasure of theatre-goers by this ereaticmS'of his pencil; and apart from being highly respected as 6 citizen the fact that he' was in the midst of hia work so suddenly stricken down should increase the natural sympathy for his wife. Tho Adelaide public are never appealed to In vain in a good caues, and there will probably be on this occasion a crowded" bouse. His Worship the Mayor :ha* promised his patronage and assistanoe.' TEH LAT9 BIOIITTA.—The .prizes won at the late Amateur Bowing Association .Regatta will be hahded over by Hit Worship this Mayor ia tbe Town Hall Exchange-room this evening. 