POLICE COURTS. Adelaide : Fbidat, Jahdaby 7. [Before Messrs. S. Beddome, P.M., and G. 8tries. J.P.I Wm. Heiley ma charged by Walter Waldie, landlord of the Shakespeare Hotel, with forging a cheque for £3 10s. Prosecutor deposed that defendant came into the bar, asked for a nobbier of brandy, and handed him the cheque fer £3 10s, asking him to change it. He told him he had not sufficient change, and defendant asked for "a shilling or two to go on with." Com plainant gave him 3s. and a receipt for the cheque. He went away and returned. Subsequently he told prisoner that the cheque was no good. Prosecutor saw a pistol in possession of prisoner, who put his hand to it with an oath, but prose cutor seized his arm and took the weapon from him. It was loaded in five chambers. After wards prosecutor induced prisoner to start out with him to get the money for the cheque, but prisoner suddenly struck him a severe blow on tbe side of the head as they were going down Leigh-street. He struck several times at prose- . cutor, who defended himself, and prisoner then ran awsy. W. Proctor, barman at the Shake peare Hotel, said prisoner came in and obtained 3s. from bim on the cheque; half an hour after wards he gave prisoner 5s. 6d. at bis reqnest. . J. T. Wood, ledger-beeper in the Commercial Bank, said the Bank had no customer named T. Jones. The cheque produced was of no value. Constable Farqnhar arrested prisoner, who was drnnk. Prisoner said, " I met a cab man, and he gave me a blank cheque. I went down to Tom Russell's Royal Hotel, borrowed pen and ink from him, wrote out the cheque, and signed the name I. Jones, because it web the first name that came into my head." Ee afterwards said " I must have been out of my mind to attempt to shoot Air. Waldie." Found npon him a box of cartridges to fit the revolver. Prisoner said his name was William Hedley, and he was a native of New South Wales. In Court prisoner said he came out from Angle Vale, and got the worse for drink. Committed for trial. Helen Maria Baker, who appeared with an infant in her arms, was charged by Archer Croft with stealing an umbrella, a reticule, and a towel, value lis., from him on December 21. It was stated in evidence that the woman had been a lodger at the house of Croft under the name of Smith, from December 18 to 21. The articles were missed after the 21st. The reticule and ' towel were traced to prisoner, and she said she left the nmbrella in town. Professor John Henry Pepper was charged with refusing to fulfil a contract to employ Thomas Mai. fred Rose for two months, and the complainant claimed £10 compensation. Mr. Davis appeared for the defendant, and asked for en adjournment. Mr. W. V. Smith, for the prosecution, consented, and the case wsb ad journed till half-past 2 o'clock. Another charge against the same defendant waB also adjourned. • John Henry Pepper, lecturer, was charged by Thomas Msnfield Rose with wrongfully refusing to fulfil a contract entered into with the in formant, to employ him for two calendar months, and the informant claimed as compensation the sum of £10. Air. Smith for the plaintiff; and Mr. Wader, with Mr. Davis, for the defen dant. The informant said he was engaged by the defendant on November 13, 1880, for two months, to'act under him as an illusionist, actor, aud stage-manager, at a salary of £2 10s. per week and hotel expenses. On January 1 he had a dispute with Professor Pepper, and in conse quence of what he said then be was discharged. The defendant said he discharged the plaintiff in consequence of his having written a letter to him, in which he stated that he (the witness) had stolen a letter written by plaintiff to Mr. Robert Fife, the agent of the Ghosts. He did not steal the letter, but it was handed to him by Mr. Richardson, of the Burra Hotel, when he arrived there, as being for bim. He was so sur prised at the contents, which were to the effect that the plaintiff end Air. Fife intended to set up a rival show, and that they were intriguing with one of his servants, that he continued to read it. Afterwards telegraphed to Mr. Fife j that be had opened the letter, and received his ] permission to destroy it. The letter was ad dressed " Mr. R. Fife, agent of Professor Pepper, The Burrs." The Oourt thought there was not sufficient cause for the summary dismissal of the plaintiff, and awarded the amount of damago claimed. Professor Pepper was then charged with having unlawfully opened a letter, which was not addressed to him, at the Burra, on Decem ber 11. Mr. Beddome said, in the face of the evidence that had been given, there was no use for the cbbo to be proceeded with. The letter was sffdreBsed to Mr. Fife as Professor Pepper's sgeDt,: and the defendant was entitled to open it. . 