TE WHITI, THE MAORI PROPHET. The intelligence received a few weeks since that the Maori King, who for years has re sided in sullen dignity in the Waikato nursing hiB wrath against the nakehan. hnH unexpectedly accepted the inevitable supre macy of the white race, and in token of his submission had tendered his guns to Major Mair, the Government representative at Alexandra, was hailed with satisfaction by all friends of New Zealand. The causes which induced Tawhaio to abandon hiB policy of isolation have not been dis closed, but possibly the representations of the politic chief Rewi, whose frequent and friendly intercourse with the Europeans must have convinced him of the hopelessness of a renewal of the old conflict, may have, at last, produced their legitimate influence. Whatever the cause, the submission of the Maori King was aB complete as could have been desired. With a cere monious display, which would have bor dered on the ludicrous but for the intense earnestness of the native actors, Tawhaio and his followers surrendered their much prized guns as a mark of submission to the colonial authorities, and as a sign that peace was to be their future policy. With diplo matic tact Major Mair returned the guns, and having rubbed noses with His Majesty, and exchanged all other ceremonies con sidered necessary to give due solemnity to the conclusion of a treaty of amity with the natives, he hastened to telegraph to Wellington the joyful intelligence of the paci fication of the King country. But scarcely had the native difficulty been solved on the eastern side of the North Island than it pre sented itself with new phases of annoy ance on the West CoaBt. It was hoped that the energetic measures which were taken Borne 12 months ago had con vinced the natives at Parihaka of the futility of attempting any active resistance to the authority of the Government. Every effort was being made to Becure a reasonable, even a generouB settlement of all Maori claims, as will be acknowledged when it is mentioned that it was proposed to secure reserves amounting to nearly 263,000 acres, of an estimated value of £638,000, to tribeB on the West Coast, which, in the aggregate, did not exceed 3,000 souls. The difficulty which has unexpectedly arisen, and which may very possibly result in a renewal of a war of raceB, iB apparently attributable to a sudden change of policy on the part of Te Whiti, the celebrated Maori prophet, who for years past has exercised a mysterious influence over the ignorant and superstitious natives on the West Coast. Very little is known in Aus tralia of the career of this extraordinary fanatic, or of the sequence of events which have led up to the present unsatisfactory position, which, unlesB the greatest care is exercised, can only be Bolved by the dread arbi trament of war. We propose in the following remarks to briefly sketch the origin of the dispute, and the efforts which nave been made from time to time to settle it, and in doing so to throw some light upon the character of the strange being whose baleful influence threatens to produce such disastrous consequence to his countrymen, for it must be remembered that the long suffering patience of the white settlers is thoroughly exhausted, and if hostilities do break out Vcb victia will probably be their war cry. It may poBBibly be thought by some who are unfamiliar with the peculiar channels in which Maori fanaticism bo frequently runs, that an exaggerated importance has been attached to the power of this man, but to such we reply in the words of a leading New Zealand politician and an ex-Minister of Native Affairs, that " it is difficult to produce by description a correct impres sion of the strange influence which Te Whiti exercises over the minds and actions of hiB followers, and of the extra ordinary mental condition which his teach ings or preachings have produced in the minds of the Maoris of tne West Coast." Those who are sceptical should recall the terrible scenes which occurred in another part of the North Island some 12 years ago in consequence of the rapid spread of the Hau Hau religion, and through the direct influence of its chief apostle, Te Kooti, The WeBt Coast difficulty, like every other important dispute with the natives, had its origin in the land. Sixteen or seventeen years ago the Maoris on this part of the coast joined in the rebellion which broke out in the North Island, and as a punishment their territory was confiscated—on paper—by the Government of the day. Little had been done to give penal effect to this sentence, when the natives again rose in revolt in 1868, under the chief Titokowaru, and in the war which followed the few settlers who were scattered along the coast, but whose holdings it must be remembered never extended north of thfe Waingongoro River, were driven from their homesteads, and forced to seek the shelter of the settled districts. Within a year, however, Titokowaru was defeated, his fol lowers dispersed,and the dispossessed settlers again returned to their holdings. No attempt was made to occupy the confiscated territory for several years, a mistake the effects of which are now apparent, for the reluctance of the Government to enforce their authority impressed the natives with the idea that they bad abandoned their claim to the Waimate Plains, and that the land had in conse quence reverted to its original possessors, who re-occupied their old villages, and again cultivated the soil of this fertile district. Te Wbiti appears to have emerged from obscurity—for he was not a high chief by birth—after the failure of Tito kowaru. He professed to achieve, by subtlety and supernatural means, what the man of war bad been unable to accomplish by force, and the apparent aucceas with which he so long withstood the power of the Government, for years secured him the unquestioning obedience, not only of the natives on the West Coast, bnt of other tribes who have no direct interest in the lands in this district, bat who were attracted to bis standard by his reputa tion as a prophet, and who have since suffered imprisonment and wonld willingly have faced death in obedience to his com mand. His adherence to a policy of passive resistance unquestionably evinced the pos session of an nnuBnal degree of political sagacity and of self-restraint, and goes far to controvert the opinion sometimes expressed that he is nothing bnt a fanatical enthusiast or. a madman- The wild eloquence with which he sometimes incites his followers to misobief or restrains their impetuosity, or his incoherent appeals to Atua, whose prophet he claims to be, may encourage an im pression that his words are "the false fire of an o'erheated mind," but those who know the man most intimately and nave watched his career most attentively appear to entertain a far higher Im pression of hfe intellectual calibre thkn to suppose him to be a mere self-deluded -en* thusiast In either ease'there de certainly method in his: madness, for hie tobtioehew enabled the tribes tri u % a ■ territory for year* «ie courseto arms^he » TO? been crashed like T^ ubkdlyb. astute y forcing the antft 0^ara> bat J® initiative in violence u or^ea to tak« & nees into strength "J®, converted his » very Bf\nn roDeftfAri _ into BtrS jS-Conv'erted hia w tha ass?«»SK t & tensions wereaTceSdffr' and ffiT the tribes, who reMw?^ L^°ut question I ph.t-, .stL11™ yJSri ^srssjsn^'^vsa* ps &tice; of thiB remarkablA *PDear sketched in the folW;„l ?an WaB recX in the New Z^ Timi Si"8 by a writer s-SS^sraiiasw^ T«s .ssssjsssS k°» * '*»■' ful man in these isianda 0 k ust power his assembled people, ifo t° addresi years of age, his dark hair «n^ok8- ,ab°ut 5( of grey, his thin beard—unuraLlT^8treaki a Maori—quite white. Pfe y J.ari® foi intellectual face probably «, he ®081 Maori, with keen, bright L!ee,lin« eyes, firm mouth, and re® J1 kindly 18 of fair height with »fii ;eatur®9. He The assemble! crowd listen hr?lilimba his keen eyes range p£n<5'eathle3^ i audience, and then his S & over th< and distinct, every senten Jouf cle« suitable change of voice teted *Mi now in a tone of thunder, pr^eml* ?a8iveIy' gthejinapited wopta, d.Birea ' to^cona "uct'T' road "tTf" it to reach a certai'n P«ing fered and effectually stones n. later" A little later he prevented the ?°.rk of a telegraphic line fotendid fCOmpleti°n Taranaki with the rest of the cdony ae'dT' years he was strong enough to nrohfw?/^ erection of the much-ne^ed iiJL?k Cap. EfemoPt. B?t K°".!L'i Te Whiti upon the pinnacle of bH paced and to which may Ee traced the eerieso'f Tmwto be ^ culminating in a final straggle between the two X occurred some two and a half ago. Believing that the time had arrived for. the settlement of the WaS Plains, the Grey Government, in 1878 directed Burvey«*a to commence a sum of the.country north of the WaE. goro River, with a view to its sale. ^®nat'vea "mained passive for some time,' dSnffi J uikwere Td6^ r8at,esa W dissatisfied. The murdei; of a cook attached to one of the survey parties was the first oat. ward sign of hostility The murderer fled to Panhaka, and claimed the protection of Tel Whiti on the ground that the crime was! necessitated by the prevailing «• darkness" on I the land question. It is scarcely necessary 1 to add that the rights of sanctuary were at j once accorded to him, and that he is still J living at large in defiance of the laws which 1 are supposed to be paramonut throughout! New Zealand. Mr. Sheehan, the Native! Minister, who had constantly endeavoured to 1 conciliate the Maoris by what may well be J pronounced undue concessions, visited Pari- j haka in March, 1879, but found that the! infatuation of the tribes and the insolent j demeanonr of the prophet were too strong I for even him to combat. As if to give em phasis to his humiliation of the Govern-, meut, Te Whiti selected the very day] after his interview with Mr. Sheehan! for his crowning act of hostility. He directed j the summary removal of the surveyors from j the Waimate Plains, and his followers, with- j out hesitation, carted the whole of them, j with their instruments, baggage, and] supplies, across the Waingongoro, aod de-J posited them on the settled land to the] south of that river. At thiB time the very] land from which the officers of the Go-I verament were driven was advertised for sale, 1 so that there was nothing wanting to give] 6clat to the latest manifestation of Te Whiti'sl power. ] Long prior to this Te Whiti had laid claim] to supernatural attributes. He asserted that J he was able to raise the dead, ana] the natives frequently brought to hiaj meetings the clothes which would be re- ] quired by their departed friends when hw obedience to the prophet's powers tbeyi cast off the cerements of the tomb.1 Their faith was not even dissipated by re-] peated disappointments or by the declaration! of Te Whiti that he was allotting to what] would be accomplished at the general reaur-j rection at the last On one occasion, it.'84 said, the chief Titokowara ventured to in«j quire of him " Who is behind yon? imply-1 ing " by whose power do you act? but wnen| the startling reply was made, unhesitatingly, 1 "There is no one behind me: I am tnei Father, I am the Son, I am the Holy Ghost, 1 the incipient sceptic had at leastto pro'" ] himself satisfied. The events which causedt&e;] temporary withdrawal of the Waimate PI j from sale vastly increased the infatnatio 1 the natives. Mr. John Bryce, the late MimsKji of Native Affairs, to whose interesting officia l despatches we are chiefly indebted fo p j ticnlars of the remarkable career oi t, 1 Maori prophet,remarks "Up to that time the mentol ePlda"t| among the Maoris on the West bQt |p| though strong, was not overwhelming, then attained an intensity not yet lost, and which has gabled thejm of the Maoris in their prophet. withstand the effect of aU tte faismen tionsandali the snfferuiffli he has mwi npon them.; Clearly at that time ^ vaal to recover the Waimate PlaiM for I co He was to recover the whole ot_,, ffbite| Sted lands JnNew -Zealand. JSeSd»l man wah to be dispossessed of e . ffagl he had acquired by purchase. Ae WflSt| to betoine^e supreme ^er o^ d ■ Coast; of the whole of New Zeaiang « of the whole world: nay, opt oniy i but a prophet, a king, a goa i fi ernmentl The ap^ent inaction of the Goverhftt ■ enconraged a bolder , -pg Wb'tej passive resistance, and a^rdi^k hft was] declared that " the heart of the o£i indeed to be tned, _and i P jj6 directedLl wd arrest] oi tbdtj tbeiid^wep, wbo .bj m«Fv _n resistance, but quietly ac nnbet-ro8 ; ?° be it death or imprison p fid their (ate' b2Lting Te Whiti s assur-: l'e'; iu.pl'cltl^e tbereby working out the ,» that i fnr the deliverance of their Sn ^^Va'atmSe warfare continued until p itrv Tbn 8traui,o , an(j lt became ^^-■ssaasE The o5eter'°^ed its character. The, belief craduai'y ffiiestined deliverer of his race batbe^'to wane as his predictions commenced the conviction that he repeated^' of the evil-eye more than poeeeeaedtbe po 1uencei ^ ^ t siainta""-J:dread of being makutued, be-! "^TbedeSd to death, is an ever witched, D®u,r rp),jB power was not only PreEC? d nver the more ignorant portion of; ejercieed over b texlended to chiefs of high, tbeAlaori raw bja ownj who faaveacknow-! ^ r they were constrained to send him ledged tbattb'ej enbmit tQ hSa dictation.: enpphee,,«»» Government were replaced Administration, a more deter-; br tb® lirv was adopted on the West Coast,' ""E li conciliation was still pushed almost; 8" h°f verge of weakneBB. An overwhelming w lahenf ! med constabulary was concentrated disturbed districts, and roads and lf,i£ were rapidly cormtructed, which mil , nf immeiiBe strategic importance in the * o™ hostilities. The opposition of 5J!1"Lories declined in proportion to the1 VK the Government. The plough """Led, and fencing, a milder form' 11 inBon, *bs resorted to for a time, but it " at last abandoned, and peace seemed, ""assured that orders were given to disband ^inih^ta^a^ommission, consisting AlT Dillon Bell and Sir William L Was' taking an infinitude of pains m urfre at the real merits; of the West tO Wi __M <1atarminA *17Vlof of^ha fZ difficulty, and to determine what steps mart be taken to secure justice to both Zries and Europeans By their direction, ,serves amounting to over a quarter of * million acres of splendid land were Eel apart for the use of the few thousand natives resident in the district. Repeated attempts were made to ascertain the wisbeB ofthe Parihaka natives. Overture after over tax was made to Te Whiti. Major Parris, the special local commissioner, several timeB attended tbe monthly meetings for the pur pose of explaining the intentions of the Parliament, but he was refused a hearing. For all that, it iB perfectly well known that Te Whiti and most of the natives are tho roughly well acquainted with the steps which have been taken. On one occasion the prophet expressed bis willingness to dis cuss bis troubles with the Governor, and ia their desire to use every reasonable mfana for a pacific settlement, the Hall Government advised Sir A. H. Gordon to arrange for an interview, either at Wellington or New Plymouth. A letter was written, and His Excellency's A.D.C., Captain Knollys, was entrusted with its delivery. He executed his mission on last Christmas Day, but, as will be Been, it was devoid of political result. Captain Knollys, who appears to have been a shrewd observer, embodied his impressions in an interesting report, from which we pro pose to make some extracts, as they will convey a clearer idea of Te Whiti's cha racter and insolent self-assertivenesa than anything else that has been published. Captain Knollys reached Parihaka about 1 mid-day. During the drive from Opnnaki he passed through miles of fertile country, planted with potato, maize, and tobacco. Within a mile and a half of Parihaka the Maori reserve was entered, and it, too, was well cultivated, and cattle, horses, and pigs abounded. _ Parihaka is a village of con siderable size, containing over 250 whares, and some 1,200 or 1,500 inhabitants, bnt at the monthly meetings of the prophet, the viBitora tan be counted by thousands. The natives ap f^edto be comfortably housed, wellfurnished with blankets, pillowB, and other necessaries, and to have abundance of food. The village is not fortified, but the country adjacent is welt adapted for irregular warfare. The aide SmV88 W'tfteonaly received, and pro uded withamat and a pipe, after which he was mformed that the prophet was enjoying tfie °f draU8hts, 811(1 roold not be dis 52 ^rsome fonr °* five hours had 7ST' a.c-l?f t?9u,red what was the object but when T« Whiti was answer reP'y he vouchsafed no to^len™?Dp"n. ®lea&y; ^oald not com® ™ ^ehomet, Captain Knollys decided to ingabS the Pmphet. The follow kfereatingv^0 tte interview will be in Whiti in the village, sitting lCTn 6?«. with ^e chiefTohuana marked ,8mu,? face, and a m conceit Tifp M? of self-compiacency a Annersto01 <»"***. dimity, a used to ^e ^E? 8811 would anyc SatDom chieffi nU5 of 'sat of rw Had. 1 met with bu certainly -n , ?"'• -1 8hot tbe teiminntjfE. Anticipated violence evident, however ?i?„fmterwe^- It w intended fkf jL t8at no discourte pushing abon't n'iW Lmen».and childr •gainst the «n.-?,chiefs, and ev Je leasTcSJ6 Whmhlriaeff, withe """- remark about tl He then call T" 'Vhitiinter^P'fo go on rei 2= quite changed from what it was before. He eat and talked, ahd was. civil, showing no | eigne of a desire to avoid us, or to tuxfa his I back. I delivered the message. After an interval of silence, I Baid, 'The Governor has heard about the cooking of the potato from others, but now he wishes to hear j what Te Whiti has to say and to tell hiB mind, of which hfe, Te Whiti, knows nothing.' Te Whiti answered,' 1 have nothing i more to Bay. The Governor knows how it was done, if the Governor wishes to know I about it be must come to the pot where the potato was cooked, and see the heap of evils that have been done. It is no good my going to hide myself away in Wellington.' I an- j Bwered, 'That is what the Governor pro-1 poBes to do, and aske you to meet him.' He answered, ' Where the Governor wishes me to meet him is outBide the pot.' I suggested j that it was on the edge of the pot, | where the ashes might be seen. He said ] ' It is no good. When a man's face is burnt, the doctor comes to him to see it.' I Baid, ' Why don't you go to the doctor to show your burnt face?' He eaid, 'No; if a dog is chasing a pig, the pig doeB not cry ont to the man. The man calls the dog off.' I eaid, ' True; but if the pig runs to the man he is saved from the dog.' | I &Bked; him if he was going to answer the Governor's letter. He said he never had answered other letters. The people about the Governor could tell their story about it. ! I urged on him the necessity for telling his ; own story, but could get nothing satisfactory from him. He said, ' The Governor is like other Governors—a Governor for the white! man.' I said, ' He has left good behind; where be came from the people are happy." He answered, ' He has left good and bad behind him. The Maori potato iB cooked.' ThiB conversation was carried on in all good humour, but thinking it would be useless to say anything further, I left Parihaka." This very unsatisfactory attempt to open direct negotiations apparently forced Mr. Bryce to the conclusion that the Government should at once adopt decisive measures for the settlement of the West Coast difficulty. He accordingly advocated an early advance on Parihaka, and the arreBt of Te Whiti and Tohu. his near relative and as sistant, and their removal from the settle ment. The other membera of the Ministry were disinclined to precipitate matters, and Mr.Bryce retired,and was succeeded by Mr. W. Rolleston, who, however, after holding office for nine months, has jnst resigned the post of Native Minister, in order to permit hiB predecessor to control this inportant depart ment in the criBis which has arisen. The subsequent events are of too recent occur rence to need more than the briefest mention. Within the last few weeks, for reasonB which are at present unexplained, Te Whiti has adopted a more aggressive tone than usual, and by his order the fencing nuisance has been resumed. At his monthly meeting on September 17 he harangued nearly 3,000 natives in language of most menacing import. He remarked :— "Nothing is left now but to fight. The peace that existed iB past away. Let the Government and the king and the people listen to the words of the meeting. Let them get from the land, and cease to bring their evil to ub, or they will melt away. I do not say it will be by guns or anything else, but that great tribe will melt away. Take your arms, look upon me as your protector, and the blessing of the Atua will be with yon. I send waron the land sold by the Governors. If the pakehas strike you with a stone, strike them with a stone likewise. If they hit yon with their hands, Btrike you thus yourselveB. If they bring guns, take your guns likewise. If the pakebaa come and say it is the Gover nor's land, and lift hands to defend, strike them down. These are my wordB. They are the words Atna put into my mouth." The chief Tohn, who claims to be an assistant prophet, was even more emphatic. He said " There will be nothing but mute (death) for Maories and whites to-day. and for the generations to come. Our tribe will go on the land of our forefathers to tautohetohe (contend) with one another, with the Gover nor, the king, and the whites, for they have taken possession of what is ours, and what we will not part with. I say to all, we will not give up the land till the Governor, the king, and the whitoB have Bw&llowed; us up. All I have to say is—fight and kill; don't save any one; destroy all before you." Te Whiti dismissed the meeting after pre dicting that if thousands of Europeans assembled at the camp at Pangarehu they would make their grave there, as the land was his, and those in it would all perish. What the real meaning of these fanatical utterances is, it is noteasy to decide. The language seems menacing in the ex treme, but some who profess to understand the Maories well interpret it as not au attempt to ineite the tribes to war, but simply as an encouragement to them to persevere in their policy of irritation, in order to force the Go vernment to strike the first blow. The events of the next few days will probably Bolve the enigma. The old warrior chief Titokowaru, and all his people, have cleared out of their own settlement, _ Mawhitiwhiti, and have proceeded to Parihaka. The chief is reported to have said that the inflammatory harangues of the prophet have so excited the young craves that they are eager for a conflict. The unsatisfactory result of the interview which the late Native Minister (Mr. Roi leston) has just bad with Te Whiti is also far from re-assuring. No doubt " War is honourable In those who do their iintlve rights maintain but in this case its outbreak tan only hasten the destruction of a brave and high-spirited people, whose evil destiny seems ever forcing them to try and stem the inexorable advance ' of a race that is greater and mightier than they. The Government evidently feel strong enough to take the initiative. They have assembled an overwhelming force on the West.Coast, within easy Btriking distance of Parihaka, and have everything in readiness for an expeditionary movement. Under j these circumstances an ultimatum has been addressed to Te Whiti requiringhim either. to accept the proposals of the Government within 14 days or be prepared for the worst. It is earnestly to be hoped that the natives, who are reported to have assembled in great numbers at Parihaka, will not he so ill advised as to court their own destruction, hut will disperse to their homes, and permit the long protracted disputes, which have occasioned so much bitterness of feeling, to he settled on the generous conditions which the Government have offered to concede. 