THE MERCURY. PUBLISHED DAILY. -* SATURDAY MORNING, JOLY 2, 18S1. The incidents of the fortnight that has inter | Tened since the despatch of last mail for England have not been of a character to afford much matter for reflection on the part of those who, living outside the boundaries of Tasmania, still take an interest in the Colony, from old asso- ciations or as an integral part of the Great Empire, and one showing indications of a vitality and energy that are characteristic of the British race. Yet Tasmania has not been standing still. Each day has brought its own news, ita own duty. The one has been discussed, the other been discharged, and we are striving after that goal of success which must follow the proper development of a mineral wealth that ia exceeding our most sanguine hopes. Even in political matters we are less apathetic than we were. The last mail for England closed, as we were waiting returns from the outlying polling places of the Electoral District of Pembroke that had that day to elect a successor in the Legislative Council to the deceased Mr. Jaues Lord. His intimate friend, Mr. William Hodg- son, representative in the House of Assembly for Richmond, was chosen, and the preference has been generally endorsed. No writ has yet been issued for Richmond, as, consequent on some stupid blunders on the part of some of his deputies, the Returning Officer for- Pembroke has not been able to declare the official state of the polL Mr. Brock, of Campania, a well known and much respected resident of the dis- trict, is to be asked to become a candidate for Richmond, and with this purpose requisitions are now being numerously signed throughout the district, on which an effort is being made by a gentleman who recently bade adieu to Tas- 1 mania, to obtrude himself on the strength of his ¡ having adopted m faith which it ia thought has . some political influence in Richmond ; a fact , inore indispatable than that it will be exercised. < :i ? in his interest. A very few years ago, Mr. Beombv burst upon Tasmania as a brignt particular star, ""who, \on the faith of his /experience as " an" English ^barrister* of ten "years' standing," was to carry all before-him.- -At- that-time,-*vailing^him- self of a disruption of old political associa- tions, he obtained a seat in Parliament, and in consequence of the exigencies of » party that had irainot te'y thereafter .obtained temporary possession of effice, Mr. Bbombv fur a brief period held the position of Attorney-General, the duties of which he discharged so little to the satisfaction of his colleagues and party, and so ill-calculated to command the confidence and respect of Parliament and the Country, that shortly after ceasing to hold office, ho severed his cocr.ection with the Colony, to which, having failed to find rest for the solos of his feet else- where, he has latterly returned, and has since found a field for his talents rather before the Police Magistrate than in the higher Courts of law, to which he probably hopes to ruo should ho obtain a seat iu Parliament. The ejectors qf Richmond are not likely to be seduced by one so palpably a bird of passage ; one who has done so little to identify himself with the interests of Tasmania, that when ho seeks to take a part in the guidance of its public affairs he has not reason to complain if his conduct sub- jects him to the suspicion of being regarded aa ff »optical adventurer to whom the good or evil fortune of Tasmania ia nothing, except in so far as it can be made to minister to his personal advantage. Such is not the stuff of which our publio men. should ka made, and we tfjink we may assure Mr. Broms? that even with the ajd of that denominational influencie on which, he relies, he will not succeed Mr, Hodgson in the representation of Richmond. As in Pembroke, solid worth will prove too strong for wordy patriotism and frothy plausibility. The political kaleidoscope has reflected another political shift. Mr. Solomon-wb,Q was unseated as Member for the Huon because of the bribery of which his agents had been guilty, became candidato when the seat was declared vacant, again defeating the candidate on whose petition he was unseated, and who has made uosecret that he would again petition against *he return, Mr. Solomon; being ineligible for election by any constituency during the present Parliament sought to avoid enquiry by going through tho form of resigning what his opponent maintaipg he never possessed, and Ministers having issued a new Writ, Mr. John Watchorn, an ex-Alderman of the City, has had his name endorsed on the Writ by the Returning Officer as duly elected, no one else having cared to dispute with him possession of so precarious a position, The material interests of the Colony seem to be resting on a more satisfactory foundation, bet it be remembered that the revenue of the Colony for 1870 was £270,000, and for 1879 about £¡300,000, and the importance will bo realised of the fact that now trqt thp acpoqnts for J8S0 have been balanced off, the revenue of that year has been found to exceed the revpnuo of 1879 by no loss a sum than, in round numbers, £72,000, of which sum it is right we should men- tion that about £42,000 was the proceeds of now taxation imposed to meet the interest on railway expenditure. This progress is being maintained for the current year. The amount of inland and territorial revenue for the first half of the current year has not yet beenascert ¡ned, but it will be seen from a statement which appears in another column, that the Customs receipts for the first six months of lijftl exceed the receipts for the corresponding period of Jo¡79 hy £14,458, and the first half year's Customs in 1879 exceed the receipts of the correspond- ing period of 1878 by £8,349. In 1871 the Cus- toms receipts for the whole year amounted to £141,000. In 1S81 the Customs repeipts for the first half of the year have amounted to £'}20,000. Beyond doubt much of this is duo to the ever increasing area of mineral land which is being made give up its treasures. As a correspondent writing from the North Mount Cameron gold- field points out, the last twelve months has wit- nessed a change that puta in the shade the trans; formations of the magician. Twelve months ago the district was the undisturbed home of the few animals and birds that people the Australian bush. To-day the township of Gladstone is laid out in streets, ¿along which substantial houses are being built, and it is the centre of a busy population. At a sale of Crown lands held this week, every building allotment put up for sale found a purchaser, in most cases at a large advance on the upset price. The same success attended a sale of building lots at the not much older township of Bea- consfield, which is so far ahead of Gladstone that, while at the latter machinery is but in course of erection, at Beaconsfield the sound of the stampers is familiar music to the miners, one crushing, as stated in our columns yesterday, having on Wednesday yielded l,271oz. lódwt of gold for 1,240 tons of Btone.'and another 373oz. 10dwt of gold for 200 tons of stone. From the tin-mining districts highly satisfactory returns are also received ; while Mr. THUREAU, who has been appointed to examine and report on the mineral resources of the Colony, has just com- pleted an inspection of the now well-known, but still much-dreaded, because in winter inhospit- able, West Coast, and though he has expressed himself in very guarded language, he has com- mitted himself to a recommendation to Govern- ment to facilitate access to and exploration in that large territory, from which he would have shrank had he not satisfied himself that there are sufficient indications to warrant the influx of a large population ; how large may be imagined when we say that the line 147, east longitude, divides the Colony into two nearly equal portions, the present population, with the exception of that which skirts the coast along Bass' Straits, being all located east of that line; the other, and rather the larger half of the Colony having hitherto been, if not a terra incognita, altogether uninhabited. Rich in mineral wealth, intersected by numerous streams from the tiny rivulet to the navigable river, and with good harbours and a few places of safe anchorage, such a country cannot stand still. It must make progress. Br the last mail from_England intelligence is to hand of the publication of the long-looked for Revised Edition of the New Testament, and of its hearty reception both by the Press and the public generally. On the 17th of May the new "Version was publicly read at Manchester in the rooms of the Young Men's Christian Associa- tion, and on the 21st of May the entire Version appeared in the New York Herald. How any body of men could be so insane as to attempt to prove the copyright in a work which is the birthright of all English speaking peoples, and which in its revision occupied the attention of the first scholars of England and America, is a problem hard to solve. The New Testament is an historical, quite as much as it is a religious, book, and the grand venture of the Herald is just another illustration of the power of the Press in all questions, secular or sacred. The London Times-the thunderer of Printing-house Square!-devoted seine six or seven columns to the new comer, in addition to a leading article on the question of revision. As a whole the rim« speaks favourably, but fears changes have been made which show the pedantry of learning rather than the power of true criticism. The Daily New* thinks the Revisers have been much too conservative. * The .Staniford ia disappointed and dissatisfied, and thinks the noblest Book in the English language is deprived of much of its beauty, and that many of ita historical associations are destroyed. The Daily Telegraph thinks the Revisers have acted with the soundest possible judgment The Time», remarking on th« public . disenssiop, urges, ctotion sod tis» judgment i which only time and judicious criticism can give, and remarks j " Only those who hare sur- veyed the whole field of work, and hayo devoted 'to thettudy of text and rendering, an.pttention co-cxtensivo with that of the -Revisen them- selves, will be justiGed in censuring the result.' In this battle of the*papers Londoners witt not fail to remember old discussions between two familiar journals-the exchange of compliments between Sairey Gamp and Mrs. Harris. The Christian World considers that the Revised Version is "an old friend with some slight change <A costume, or, rather, with a few stains brushed off his dross." The Rsvisers state, "Weknow full well that defects must have their place in a work so long and so arduous as this which has now come to an end. Blemishes and imperfections there are in the noble translation which we have been called upon to revise i blemishes and imperfections will assuredly be found in our 'own revision. All endeavours to translate the Holy Scriptures ¡uto another tongue must fall short of thejr aim when the obligation is imposed of producing a version that shall ho alike litçral and idiomatic, faithful to each thought of the original, and yet In the expression of it, harmonious and free." If the dates between the two Versions aro kept in mind a wide field of discovery and observa- tion is presented. The bridgo between 1611 and 1881 is a long one. What changes in public opinion ; what enlargements of thought ; what growth in national manhood and life ; what revolutions in the race for freedom ; whatadvance mentinlearning. Sciencehas made herself aplace and a name in the interval ; our gas, railways, telegraphs, ocean steamers, our now lqnds with their teaming populations, a}} prqçlaiin the lesson of the world's onward march. So far from feoling surprise at a revision, tho wander is that it could have been bo long delayed. So far from feeling astonishment at the proposed alterations, there is a feeling of satisfaction that -there was so little occasion for vital change. Far years to come the Bible of James, ¿pd tb,o Tk^tamgnt of YinTOBU, wi|l stand side by side-veneration for. t)ia old Book will not allow familiar words to die ; the demands of .modern research will give ljfe and vitality to new readings. A few changes may be noted. The version of the Lord's Prayer in Luke's Gospel now roads-"Father, Hallowed bo Thy name. Thy Kingdon} cqmo: G¡?e us. flay by day our d.iily bread. And forgive us aux sins, for we ourselves also forgive every one that is indebted to us. And bring us not into temptation." If persons speak the truth, very few, it may be feared, will be able to pray the prayer in this form. " Ininti" for " load. " is a change ^fhich is none. lieri^aps the translator Was thinking of the expression in the Psalms, " Let them lead mo, let thom bring me." Tho narrative of the woman taken in adultery appears in brackets, the evidence being too strong for rejection, and not strong enough to escape investigation, Many would have deplored the ab^nceof thatrlne scene which depicts Jesus, the Christ, writing on the ground. What He wrote then wo know as little as of what Ho thinks pf the work st the latest of His, translators. "Hades" is substituted for "Hell" in some passages, but " the holl of Aros" instead of " holl fire" is allowod to explain the allusion to a local custom of Judea. " Gehenna of fire " is a clear rendering ; the reason for the present choice may be given in due time. The passage concerning the heavenly witnesses (1 John, v. 7) disappears, as a matter of course, f'he passage, " He shall save His people from their sins," reads ii Jt js He that shall save His people from their sins''-not much improvement certainly. It will greatly astonish many readers to find tint the closing verses of Mark's Gospel are not in brackets. The passage in Luke, " Nothing worthy of death is done untq him," reads plainly and simply "done by him." " Qne fold and one shepherd '" reads "Qne flock one shepherd." if Bishops" is used for " Overseers " in Acts xx.-and what was a primitive Bishop more or less than an earnest, homely, Christian man Í These simple alterations reveal s great change of front ; may we hope a marvellous increase in the spirit of unity and brotherly kindness. It is pleasant indeed to note that for the space of moro than ten years scholars representing all sections of the Protestant Church could meet together and work harmoniously in the anxious work of New Testament revision. In the light of such a fact men everywhere may well afford to think less of things wherein they differ, and more of the esäentiil principles on which they are agreed. The bond of our unity, this great Book, is at the same time the foundation of our liberty and the charter of our privileges. When some Englishmen presented Kossuth, the Hun- garian patriot, with a Bible, he replied: "I suppose you present this book to me because you think in» a religious man, not for any merit, because it is a necessity to avery honest and thinking man, and because it is the most rich and fruitful source of thoäa sentiments and those feelings, which lead to happiness in this world, and bliss in the world to come. I shall value it, because I take religion to be the most rich source of consola- tion, which I wanted so often. Being a religious man, and because religious, as well as an enemy to superstition, intolerance, and fanaticism, as, on the other hand, tho friend of freedom, I readily confess that it is from this great Book that I have learned the principle of loving my neighbour as myself, aud strength and courage to act in the great cause which has always been the guide of my life." Do our readers remember Robert Nicoll, who raised himself from the counter in a small grocer's shop to a high posi- tion among the reformers and literati of his Country ? For some time editor of the Leeds Times, he found leisure to cultivate the poetic instinct, and his eulogium on the Bible has been described as the finest to be found within the whole range of poetry. One verse may close these lines :- . " And Father, Thou hast spread Before men's eyes the charter of the free. That all Thy Cook might read, And justice love, and truth, and liberty. The gift was unto men-the giver, God ! Thou slave I it stamps thee man-so spurn thy weary load !" Intercolonial Mails.-In the event of the s.S. Mangana reaching Launceston before 3 p.m. to-day (Saturday), the mails will be brought on here by the express train, and a window delivery of the letters will take place at the General Pott Office, at or about 10 o'clock to-night. Excise and Real and Personal Estate Duties.-We are enabled to give the amounts collected nnder these beads of revenue for th« six months ended 30th June, namely :-Excite duty on beer, £6,059 17s. 4d. ; real and personal estate duties-land tax, £651 15a. 51. ; dividends, £5,166 17s. Cd. ; total, £5,S18 12s. lid. As those sources of revenue only took effect in March, 1880, no criterion exists for comparison : but it may be stated that for the four months ended June 30, last year, the amount of excite duty collected was £4,513, and that of rta! and personal «stat« duties, £1,581. ; The Detached Squadron.-Earl Clanwilliam has replied to His Excellency Sir John H. Lefroy that his instructions from the Admiralty Board do not admit of the squadron visiting Hobart. How this is to-be explained we know not, except on the score of time, aa in the second programme Hobart wat indicated, subject to the contingency of time permitting. At any rate His Excellency is to write the Admiral, reminding him of the permission ac- corded, and urging him to gratify the people of Tasmania. Sunday Services.-The Rev. J. H. Palfreyman is to conda« the service st the Mariner's Chnrch _ to-morrow afternoon, to commence at 3 o'clock. -In - the evening a Gospel address will be delivered at People's Hall, Bathazst-strset, by Mr. Harrison Ord, from Melbourne. Bjchmosd MtnncirAlJTY.-Three candidates for councillor of this municipality, in the place of Mr. i Vinoiict Ellis, deceased, were nominated to the Re- turning Officer, namely-John Brain, Joba Iles, and Thomas Johnston, jua. The polling will taks pisos , PcbUc Oosvk-SIïnck.-Comment» on thoaotion of the Tasmanian Steam * Navigation Co. "are; it seems, resented as an impertinence. They, claim exemption from criticism. We shall, therefore, only state facts, leaving toe public to draw their own conclusion!!, if they dare, without first asking leave. On Tuesday last the Maniana left Launces- ton, for Melbourne, at 1 p.m. At 1*35 p.m. the exprès» train from Hobart reached Launceston, just too late to permit passengers or mails proceeding by steamer. To-night the mail train leaves at 7, carrving the English mail for shipment by the steamer Flinders,' which is advertised to leave the bar. Launceston, to morrow, at 7 a.m., jost an hour before the ar- rival of the mail train. Tho mails will be forwarded I by conveyance to catch the steamer 13 miles down the river. Passengers must remain behind unless prepared to pay for a conveyance one-half the p issoge money from Launccstou to Melbourne-. No provision is made for to-morrow conveying pas si ngers to the steamer, cither by land or water. And this is studying the public convenience. The Disfiquremekt or the Doiiaet.-Yesterday a deputation from tho Royal Society waited on Ministers to advocate the improvement of the Domain ¡ but neither Minister« cor deputation seemed to be aware that there is an independent power at work that defies Government, and laughs to scorn such disinterested bodies ss the Royal Society. In defiance of authority and outraging public opinion, the process of denuding the Domsin of its trees has bega resumed, in order that, as we have been informed, the gaol that boasts of being self-sapportinir may have firewood without .i-viug for it. While public opinion is bent .'i: improving the Domain, an irresponsible power claims tho right to devastate the ground of ita timber. The question is not as to what course is proper, but is any one entitled to tike advantage of his position, and do whatever he things right 1 \f the Government cannqt repress s^ph usurpation they bad, better hand over the regulation of details to others, and content them with their salaries till Parliament shows itself less under authority than Ministers dare attempt, IstPORTASr Master afd Servants Case -Atthe City Police Court yesterday, before Mr. Tarleton aud Mr. L. B, Castray, . young man named C. Dawson steaded nat guilty to illegally absenting himtelf from the employment of Mr. Mcpher- son, coaoUbuilder, Macquarie.atreet. The evi- dence ihpwgd that Dawson had given com- plainant a week's nutioe, whiob, however, the com- plainant did not deem sufficient. No agreement had been entered into between the parties. The Bench held that as the engagement was fnr an in- definite period, and as no agreement had been entered into between the parties, a mouth's notice must be given on either side before leaving or being dismissed from any employment, This waa not affected by the giwtorp of trad,«, whjch could pot interfere with the law on the subject. The de- fendant was ordered to return to Mr. McPberson's employment aud give the proper notice. Publication" Received.-The Church Ntias for July has been received. Arnon 2 the papers are a continuation of "A Huudred Years Ago," sermon preached at the Cathedral on the last Volunteer parade Sunday, Temperance Column (communi .catedj, »u artiste nu the subject of a femáis refuge, in which Sir Henry Lefroy and the action he has taken therein are q lanrieuiled ¡ and a variety of intellifconofl of Church progress. " Notes of Travel," by Dean Bromby, is a valuable contribution, and its racy style will not make it leis acceptable to the Dean's numeróos friends, Bia visit» tp ditferei.t cqurchos In. tfoly Week are graphically described. He says, infer n)tq, "*' I attended part of the three hour«' service on Good Friday aftor noon at St. Allan's, Holborn, where Mr. M'O konoohie oonduoted it. The church was densely packed for the whole time, and there were nearly as many men there ai women. Then I hastened to St. Paul's," otc. " Certainly the way in whJQh the Dean and Chapter of St. Fail's arc adapting the grand Cathedral to the Wauts of the age' is very cheering. Standing, ¿if the great church'does, like . lighthouse in the" midst of the surging waves of human life which, beat against it, it is a glorious witness for God. Leaving St. Paul's, J got baok ou Good Friday evening tq the e^st of Londou, in time ta pre&ah; fqr a dear aid friend, who is »¡car of one of the v*at Shoreditch parishes, and with whom I ara now staying." Bishop Bromby bas a letter of a practical character, the concluding paragraph of whioh is i-" The troubles which have beeu really the outoome of inoresed zeal in the Mother-Church are gradually lessening. There is very little, if any, real disloyalty abroad to the fundamental principles of the Reformed and truly Catholic Church of our forefather*. Bitterness and party-spirit are subsid- ing, and there never was a time when tbe Church had so firm a hold upon the affections and sympathy of the nation. A great work is going on, which, I pray, may extend itself to every daughter which reproduces her faith and practice -among-the Australjaq colonies." Tasjcasias Poultry Society.-The schedule of prizes for the twenty-seventh, annual show of this society is now published, and may be had on appli- cation in pamphlet form. The list comprises .''specials" to the amount of about &$, besides the usual general prize list. Some very'valuable prizes are offered for the leading portions of the show, namely, Dorkings, Brahmas, Black Cochins, White Cochins, Hamburghs, Game, and Spanish, besides dairy produce and trussed poultry. There are also several valuable cups and trophies to be given for canaries and pigeons. The general prize list is also numerous, several new classes being inserted in tbe schedule, such as White Leghorns, Brown Leghorns, etc., thus allowing the newly-imported hirds to compete, both adult» and young birds. A pew feature in connection wi'h this society'» exhi- bition-a homing match-will take place on the second day of the show, August 11, birds to start from Brighton pa arrival of the local train, and on return must be brought to, and delivered on foot at i the Town Hall. Other means of delivery will dis- qualify competitors. Bomera roust be ia the hands of the Secretary by 11 30 o'clock on morning of match ; and particular attention ia drawn to the closing of entries, which will be received by the Secretary, at the committee room, Mechanic«' Institute, up to 9 30 on Tuesday, Au^un 2. Full particulars and schedules can be obtained from the Secretary, H. Franois Turner. Literary Filchijio.-The Sydney poetess who baa rendered herself famous lately by a palpable plagiarism of Mr. F. A. Packer's poem, " The Ebb and the Flow," writes a very lame and evasive excuse to the Evening News, of the 14th June, saying :-" In your issue of Saturdsy last an article appears under the above heading relative to a poem, entitled 'The Ebb and the Flow,' accus- ing me of the dishonourable action of plagiarism The poem bearing the above title by Mr. Ç. A. Packer is said to have appeared in the Austral atian, dated July 13, 1S78. N >w, though »wars that such a paper is or waa ia existence, I may aafely assert that a copy of it has never passed through my bands. Nor to my knowledge have I ever perused a single contribution that may have appeared in ita pages. The merit of former poems, which are acknowledged to be fir superior to th it a' pr»*iv>? under discussion, should be sufficient to cunt ibu* you that it is ss«rc<Jy uetc*»ary lo naort to ' pla- giarism.' On tbe 'literary filching,' of wbicb I am accused, to say nothing of the terms ia which that accusation is worded, I will not comment, pre- ferring to leave it to tbe judgment of those who know me, and to those who do not it matters little." The ingenious larcenist is evidently something of a bosh lawyer ; but few are likely to be hood «inked by her asserted ignorance that "such a paper as. the Australasian n or was inexistence." The ex cote throughout is a mere subterfuge from beginning to end. and had far better not have been written at all. We have not seen any of tbe akilful autborsat' " former poems ¡" but if they are all as cleverly "constructed" from other people's writings aiherlsat effort, there is no reason why their merits should not be highly appreciated by those who admira that sort of thing. Thimtr Assooiatio!».-The first of the «inter series of concerts in connection with the Trinity Association waa held in the Trinity Hill school- room last night. A Urge and attentive audience heartily testiued its approval of various items of the programme. A pianoforte dust, " La Heine Blanche," opened the first part of the concert, and the solo "Hortensia," the second, each deservedly receiving a round of applause. The "Death of Nelson," arranged aa a dnet for two violins, and a " Theme de Weigl" (by Dancla). also for the violin, were much appreciated, and Mr. Cane, the con« tnbutor of the last named item, received a very de- cided encore. The vocal portion of the entertainment was gone through with more or-leas success. "Those Haunting Eyes" was pleasingly rendered by Miss Roberta. Mr. C. Sailer's songs "Home Again" and "Geneviève" were well received. "It was a Dream " and " The Gauntlet " were alike rendered with precision and taste by Mr. Fred. Jolley, who was recalled for each. The two recitations included in the programme were given with considerable humour, and evoked ranoh laughter. Mr. D. S. Seddon ably performed the duties of accompanyist to the satisfaction of all. A very enjoyable evening was terminated by the singing of " Rule Britannia." VoLrsTEER Corps.-By orders from the Com- mandant, officers commanding corps are requested to make arrangements for inspection of arms during the first week in the present month ; and it is notified that there will be a fall parade of the S.T.V.R. Regiment ob Monday, at 7 30 p m., st which the attendance is compulsory, and a similar parade of the S T.V.A. Grskral Hospitals.-The tenders of Mr. P. Crooly, at £9,900, for the erection of officers' quarters at the General Hospital, Hobart ; and of Mr. James Gregory, at £7,994, for erecting new wards at the same establishment, have been accepted. Messrs. J. and J. Gunn's tender, at £220, for excavating for and laying concrete foundation for the intended new wing at the Laun- ceston Hospital, bat also been accepted. Foot-race.-A moat interesting foot-race will take placa on the Domain road, jost above the lower cricket ground, this afternoon. The contesting parries are J. F. Robertson, of Melbourne, and T. Hines, of Hobart The distance is 300yds, sod the stakes £10 asida. Both men ara in splendid .onditioa, and the race shsald be a états one. H is barite say which is tk* asast faaeitd, tis UtU , haummim,ittmy,Uiaità0Ùmttit». i ti' »_ :-. i ii ia _ » i Rifle Match.-Tho third of the series of com. petitions for tho eight Martini-Henry Hiles pro spnted by Major Fysh, to bo awarded to thnso eight members of the S.ithcrn Tosrhanian Volunteer Rifle Regiment who succeed in obtaining the highest aggregate scores in three matches, will bo com- menced this'niorning at tho Study Biy range. ..Inquest.-Yesterday, at 12 o'clock,'aii inr/uest was held by Mr. Tarleton, P.M., iu tho Tîittl-in» Baud Hotel, Argyla-atreet, on the body of Georgs Till, who was found dead in a hut in Triunpeter a'trèot, on the night of the 29th Juno. Mr. Prentice, publican, deposed that he knew the deceased, and at hit request let him retido in a hut in his garden. He saw the deceased at 1 o'clock on Wednesday. He was then sitting near a fire in tho hut, nnd ap- peared in his usual state of health. At 8 o'clock that tamo evening witness went lo the hut to see if all was safe, and the fire out. Ho then found tho deceased lying on tho floor of the hut, dead. He called in the police, and sent for Dr. Butler. After Dr. Butler had examined the body it was removed to the hospital morguo The deceased was a sober man. Dr. G. H. Butler stated that ho found the deceased lying dead in a hut in Trumpeter-street. The limbs were easily movable, and the deceased bad not been dead more than a few hours. He made a pott mortem examination of the body on Thursday, and from ovidences then disalosed bo esme to the conclusion that deceased died ef heart diseate. A verdict in accordance with the medical testimony wat returned. Hospital Oases.-Thos. Taylor, aged C9 years, was so severely bitten l>y a dug yetuinUy that he had to go to the hospital to liavo the wounds dressed. What was done with the dog the police have not told us. Ellan Btrry, a child, aged 10 years, living in Jerusalem, wat admitted yesterdav, suffering from burna received on the right side of her body through her dress having caught fire whilst the was making tea. She remains, very ill, in the institution. Thos. Smith, aged 40, living at tho Barracks, was struck on the first finger of the right hand by a fellow-workman engaged with him at wojk in Lucas' shipyard. Theil.jury received was so great that the injured man bad to have the finger amputated. Explosion.-An aooiilent occurred yesterday afternoon at the boot factory of Mr. F. J. Pike, hy which the foreman of the establishment lott the thumb and two ongera of the left hand. We are informed that the sufferer, Thomas Eddington, came into possession of a dynamite cap, with the dangerous qualities of which, it would appear, he was noscquainted, for he tamped it with an awl, the result being that the cap exploded in his hand blowing off the thumb, the forefinger, aad the middle finger. He was inuriediately taken to the hospita,!, where D^. Crowther amputated the remains nf the member» and dressed the wounds. He then left sud went to bit boras. HAtTKTCO I-A correspondent using the initial H, writes :-The superstition that has for many years existed in regard to a certain house at the upper end of Mscqotrie-ttreet, which for years remained empty, being haunted has been revised, and the annoyances of thp app^rnaiural guetta have been prorotuently brought forward recently. It has long hean known that not a hundred yards from AU »Saints' Church waa the place where offender« agaiutt the various laws of the colony, whoso result was an iguonimous death, suffered what is called the extreme penalty of the law. As if bu,t yester- day grew th« white gum tree, whu'e principal branch overhung alm,otk horisontally the bullock tftva^ from, tjw camp, towards where D-graves' brewery now stands. At if but yesterdav the bullock dray, whioh carried five, six, or more of those sentenced by the Judge Advocate's Court, to bang by the neck till they were dead, "the Lor^" being asked to have mercy on, (heir souls, »vere taken up the street to, the fatal tree, escorted by a corporjl'l gv^rd, of the Buffs (3rd Regiment), and .here the cart being withdrawn, the unfortunates were left swinging iii! dusk, ^nd then cut down and put into the "ground for ever, until the day when theirs and others bodies will arise I How many a human eye looked its last over the lowly lake-like scenery, below the place of death t How many a heart beat at remembrance of wife and child, and mather far away over the sea, who would never hear of the lut sigh of the suffocated one ? And now, the rambler up the street, the resident iu the neighbourhood, walk over hollow, founding places, on the path which tell {of intramural arrangements of other days. But the worst it the nocturnal annoyances of those who reside in the haunted places. In the dead of the night, the bead of the house is aroused with a knocking- query, a spirit rapping so loud as to call for the invitatiou, como in ; but there is no response. The boys awske with a pain- ful oppression, and a 6gure of an old person with beard and hair passet before then). The " appear- ance" is sometimes a young man dressed in abrpwn o^at, with brass hti.tto.ns,' aad an old-fashioned look about bim. Again it it an indescribable feeling, which makes a cold shudder pass through every muscle of the body. Philosophy brought to bear, religious feeling bronght into action ; all tbepe, and common sense too brought into play, l'ai) ta explain the mysterious nqiaes of the hquse, and whilst a otroag belief ia the supernatural, as shown frequently in the Scriptures, and the belief is strong also that the soul never dies, all these carry with them a sense of fact that the evil spirits of old are allowed to trouble others who reside near where are laid the degraded bodies, which are at some time or other to rita again, and where they are per- mitted to annoy with their supernatural noises quiet citizens who unfortunately rent the buildings over their heads. And Satan said, " From going to and fro in the earth, and from walking up and down in it, J am come I " And Job said, <* In thoqghta from the vjiion of night, when deep sleep falletu upon men, fear came upon me and trembling, wbiph made all my hones to shake. Then a spirit pasted before my face, the hair of my flesh stood np." With all our philosophy there is something in it 1 So snds our correspondent. We have no doab* that it is a revival of the old ghost acare, and not improbably some of the same earthly ghosts are playing their part again. Let us hope exposure and punishment are following their track. A coach will lie started on Tuesday next, for Both- well, calling at Brighton, Green Ponds, and Melton Mowbray, by Mr. George Miller, late driver of Reynolds' coach. On Tuesday evening, at the Good Templars' Hall, New Town, a concert it to be given by the Hobart Minstrels, in aid of the Sanctuary Building Fund of tbe Church of the Sacred Heart. The Walker Combination Bellringera are to perform nsit Monday, at Bridgewater, on Tuesday and Wed- nesday, at New Norfolk, and on following days at various places named in the sdtertisemsnt. 