LONDON GOSSIP. London. November 19. THB GTO.DHALI. BANQUET. 'inere is no social event ot tne year which is anticipated with more interest than the Guild hall banquet. Lord Mayor's Day is always a public holiday in London, and the new incum bent of the civic chair is invariably invested with all the glamour with which it is possible for a tpiendid pageant and an ancient cere monial to surround him. But, after all, the chief attraction ia the presence in the City of the Prime Minister and of the principal members of the Cabinet, as well as the prospect of some stupendous Ministerial secret being first con fided to the citizens assembled in the Guildhall, and then wafted from thence to the ends of the world. Although it frequently happens that the Prime .Minister cruelly disappoints his audience, yet on every reaurring 9th of Novem ber expectation ts to what he will say never fails to become as highly wrought as ever. I need not say that last Tuesday week all the world would, if it could, have made its appear ance at the civic board. Such a demand for cards of invitation has seldom been known on any similar occasion ; and, indeed, I could mention the names of men of the highest position in this country and of nrincely rank in others who made application only to be refused. When I state that the Committee of Arrangements have to iasue 960 official invitations for the banquet (all of which of course are not accepted) the reader will have no difficulty in understanding what a ticklish job it is to find admission for the crowd of mere outsiders— some of them distin guished enough — who clamour for admission. Nor is it possible for the invited to play the part of benefactors to the uninvited, for as each card contains the words ' Not transferable,' the recipient, if he cannot go himself, is effectually prevented from making any other use of his invitation. THE SCEXB IM THB LIBRABT. A gayer sight never met the eye than that which presented itself to the guests of the Lord Mayor and the Sheriffs as they entered the beauti ful library of the Guildhall. A large nnmber of ladies, who were exquisitely attired, occupied seats on either side of the spacious apartment, at the extremity of which, on a raised platform, Etood the Lord Mayor and the Lady Mayoress, surrounded by civic officials, Cabinet Ministers, and Under- Secretaries, peers, and members of Parliament, all arrayed in splendid auiforms or in Court dress. Many of the guests came very early in order to witness the more distinguished arrivals. A friendly cheer always greets the entrance of every well known personage, whether it be a foreign Ambassador, a successful General, or such members of the Cabinet as Lord Granville, the lard vkancellor, and Lord HartiDgton ; but on tr.is occasion the real ovation was reserved for Mr. Gladstone, whose appearance was the signal fcr deafening plaudits. The City thereby showed that, as it always recog nises existing facts, it could be as enthusiastic for Gladstone as a year ago it was for Beacousfield. The cheers had hardly died away wben the signal for dinner was given, and all the Ladies and gentlemen at once filed off into the great hall, where Gog and Magog looked down upon as imposirg a spectacle as even they have ever contemplated. There are few places in the world in which a banquet could be provided for nearly a thousand guests, or in which the serious business of dining on so extensive a scale conld have been performed without the least per ceptible hitch. The success of the civio dinner is chiefly due to two causes. In the first place, every guest on receiving his invitation was furnished with a micute plan cf the hall, a slight study of which enabled him to discover his own seat without difficulty and without assistance. Secondly, huge tureens ot turtle soup, together with all the viands usually pro vided for a cold collation, were placed on every table, so that if there was any delay on the part of the attendants in bringing round the dishes specified in the carte the guests might at once 'fall to' upon the substantial food which lay in such tempting proximity to their own knives and forks. A quaint white figure which stood in what looked like s sort of pulpit attracted the attention of guests who were strangers to the old customs of Lord Mayors' feasts. They were surprised to learn that the gentleman in white was an experienced cook whose privilege it was to carve a huge sirloin of beef for the benefit of the Common Oouncilmen and the Livery, who sat at both extremities of the hall in blocks corresponding to the various wards of the City. GIADETOJtB AT THB QriLDHAlX. I need say nothiDg of the speeches, for the telegraph has long since conveyed the substance of them to the extremities of the earth. Mr. Gladstone looked and spoke like a man oppressed with a sense frf responsibility ; and although peeple were disappointed that he did not make a greater effort to play the part of the old man eloquent, yet, notwithstanding his three score years and ten, he was better heard than any other speaker. His voice, although it hiis lost its musical ring, nevertheless still retains much of its old penetrating power. At Hawarden the other day he was full of spirits, and told his gueste some of hia best stories ; for there could be no greater mistake than to sup pose that he is not good company. On the con trary, he has an admirable anecdotal and ; humorous vein; and as his memory now travels over a period of more than sixty years, during which he has lived on intimate terms with the greatest among his contemporaries, he has an ample stare of reminiscences wherewith to charm or amuse those who are admitted to the privi lege of his friendship. THH SHW LOHD MATOB. It ia s remarkable fact that Lord Mtyor Jlrirthtir is the first Iriihmin vrho h-:s ?:TrT attained the dignity of Chief Magistrate of the City of London It might almost be said that he is the first colonist who has reached that position, for his business relation* with the colonies are so intimate, and bis j sympathies with them so great, that he might fairly enough be considered a colonist. It is needless to say that the Wesleyans of London j are ptoud of the fast ihat one of the most ; eminent of their laymen ia no =r Lord Mayor of | London ; and it will surprise no one who knows him to be told that his iDangural banquet wn attended by a group of 'Wesleyaa ministers, cocspicuous among whom was to be seen the I burly figure of Dr. Panshon. The Lord Slayor has received many congratulations on his accession to office ; bat I believe tin: he ap preciates none more highly than the telegrams he has received from the Mayors of Sydney and Melbourne. A LIBERAL WHIP. On the night after the festivities at the Guild hall a banquet was held at the Devonshire Club in honour of the Right Hon. W. P. Adam, the late Liberal Whip, who baa been appointed Governor of Madras. It is now generally recognised that party ' Whip*,' if they are to succeed as ' Whip*,' must be endowed with moral and intellectual qualities of so high an order aa to fit them for administrative offices of the first rank. For several years Mr. Brand was content to perform all the drudgery which an efficient Whip, especially during the session, must be prepared to undergo ; but within the memory of living man the House of Commons has never had a more able or a more impartial presiding officer. Strange to say, an ex- Whip in the person of Mr. Arthur Peel u now spoken of as the most probable successor of the present Speaker, when that gentleman thinks fit to retire upon a peerage and a pension. I have iio doubt that Mr. Adam would make as good a Speaker as Mr. Brand if modesty did not pre vent him from aspiring to the office. Be this as it may, the transition from the lobby of the Houne of Commons to Government House at Madras is quite sufficient to test the versatility as well as the vigour of a Whip who has reached the mature age of fifty-five. Mr. Adam, happily for himself, has had some previous ex perience of India, so that he will not need to pass through an acclimatizing process. He his had the good luck to preside over the electoral fortunes of his party during the most trium phant general election of which the Liberals have ever had experience. He showed rare tact and judgment in fighting every consti tuency in which there waa the least chaace of winning a seat, and in healing, or, at all events, smoothing over the divisions which have so often made shipwreck of the Liberal party. Mr. Adam, therefore, well deserves to be feted by those whom he has so well served. The chief feature of the banquet given to him by the Devonshire Club was the speech of Lord Hartington, who, I may remark, has made as much improvement as an af ttr-dinner speaker as he has made in the Ho-'P' of Commons. There was a time whea it Yta£ !i-cugL: that Ljrd Hartington was incapablcj of humour, but nowadays his pleasantries are so frequent that no one is able to accuse him of being a dull speaker. The new Governor's desire is, I believe, not to be heard of for the next five years. When, in these days, a Governor is a good deal talked about it is generally because he is the hero of a new war, or of some other equally disagreeable event. Mr. Adam does not aspire to this kind of notoriety, but would much prefer to pass his term of office in tranquil obscurity. AM IBBEPEESSIBLE GOVEBMOE. Sir Bartle Frere is a Governor of a different stamp. He loves publicity and delights in sur prises. After the Jamaica tragedies Governor Eyre at once passed into oblivion, but Sir Bartle has no intention to allow himself to be crushed by a weight of public obloquy, or to pass the rest of his days in the retirement of a country house. Even if it were possible for a man of his marked individuali'y to join Mr. Eyre iu that gentleman's almost monastic seclusion his eldest daughter, with her keen intelligence and resolute spirit, would not let him do so. Tke recent banquet to Sir Bartle was cleverly managed. It was gravely announced that the demonstration was to be merely a personal tribute to the ex-Governor, and that all exciting topics and controversies were to be rigidly avoided, and consequently persons were invited to attend irrespective of their agreement or otherwise with particular acts of policy in South Africa. The Archbishop of Canterbury was asked to bestow the blesaing of tbe Church on the banquet by consenting to preside over its proceedings. Dr. Tait is far too cautious an ecclesiastic to accept an invitation of this kind, but he sent a letter, which ex pressed his profound sense of the personal and private worth of Sir Bartle Frere. The circuUr of invitation to the banquet announced that it was to be ' private,' and that reporters would not be present Everybody now knows that it was neither private nor non-political. Sir Richard Temple delivered the most extraordinary panegyric which, I imagine, one human being ever passed upon another, aad every word of this set oration, of course, found its way — as no doubt waa intended— into the public journals. Sir Bartle has now begun to deliver lectures, and His chosen for his first topic, ' South Africa as a Field for Emigration.' His friends speak confidently of his being raised to the Peerage or readmitted to the Indian Council ; but even if they are doomed to disappointment, as I suspect they will be, his energy is sure to find for itself a hundred other outlets. THE EX-PEHMIEfi'S HEW MOVBL. Lord Beaconsfield is another example of irre presiible activity. The moment he ceased to be Prime Minister he began to write a novel ; and, having regard to the comparatively early age at which too often genius exhaust3 itself, it is cer tainly a surprising fact that even the author of ' Lothair' should produce another novel at the age of seventy-five. Nobody seems to know why he has chosen the title of ' Endymion ;' but he generally has a reason for everything that he does, and therefore it would be worse than puerile to criticise the title-page before the book is actually published. There seems some reason to believe that ?? Endymion' will be a kind of sequel to '? Tivian Grey,' and that the hero, instead of being a preternaturally precocious politician, | will be a mature — perhaps an aged— statesman, moving as an equal among statesmen of Euro pean celebrity, and even associating with Em perors. We are assured that the Emperor Na | poleon III. will cut a prominent figure in Lord i Beaconsfield's story, and that Prince Bismarck I will play a part in the plot. The public I may be certain of one thing, and that | is that Benjamin Disraeli himself will, j in point of real dramatio interest, eclipse all the other characters in the book ; and they w ill also have fresh occasion to recognise the fact that when Tivian Grey ' painted for tbe Senate' he was moved by a. true instinct, | which the experience of a twice appointed Prime I Minister fully confirmed. 'TOTJNG iaBLAITD.' While touching on a liternry topic I may aention that Sir C. Gavau Daffy's ' Young Ireland'1 at once made its mark as a book of the season. It is impossible that any work of this | kind could have been published at a more I timely moment. The whole country rings day by day with the dismal story of Irish distress and Irish outrage, while the Cabinet itself is j now holdiDg frequent sittings for the purpose of I deciding whether it is expedient to suspend the I Habeas Corpus Act, and what other steps ! should be taken to deal effectualiy with ! the alarming crisis which haa arisen in Ireland. The effect of all this excitement and agitation is to stimulate a demand for Irish political literature, and Sir O. Gavan Daffy's very interesting work has therefore been published in the very nick of time. I only observe one error in it, and th»t is of no particular moment, although I think it is worth correcting. He speaks of Mr. Cobden and Mr. Bright as having, like Daniel O'Connell, received a pecuniary testimonial from the nation. This is true of Cobden, but untrue of Bright, who refused to accept money, although be willingly received the gift of a library, which, by-tfce-way, consisted of so many books that he had to build a new wing to his house in order to pruvide accommodation foe it. Cobden gave himself up with such unselfish devotion to the work of the Anti-Corn Law League that he utterly neglected hia private interests ; and I believe it is no secret that on one occasion John Bright, whs from his youth npwarda has been a member of a very flourishing firm, advanced him a sum of ten thousand pounds to enable him to tide over a period of difficulty. The ex-Irish leader has been very warmly received by the few among his old associates who are now living, and also by many member! of the Irish party of to-day. It is thought that, if he could readily find a seat, he woull not object to sit once again in the House of Commons, If, however, he wishes to enjoy peace of mi id and to leok forward to a tranquil old age, he will once for all resist the temptation to pi tinge into the vortex of Irish Parliamentary politics. AK AKBBICAS HASO.XT. _ Unquestionably the most interesting event in the dramatic history of the last fortnight is the one which I am about to record. The Old Princess's Theatre, the scene of Charles Kean's Shakspearian revivals, and for a good many years past known as the home of the more sensational kind of domestic drama, has been pulled down, and & handsomer and altogether a more com modious building, bearing the same name, erected on its site. The lessee. Mr. Walter ; Gooch, will, I fancy, in tbe long run find it ad visable to revert to the established character of I the house, and again pit Charier Warner as a | bero in adversity and Harry Jackson as comic | villain one against tbe other, each being in his | own line unsurpassable. But in the meantime I the new theatre has been opened with legitimate { drama, and an arrangement has been made | with Mr. Edwin Booth, the celebrated American I tragedian, to sustain ia succession tbe | twenty- fire different roles which, constitute I that gentlemen's repertory. ,-Tha «tm-» of ? per ^ .?... ...... ;_ . __,.._? . ? play which, it has been jostly Mid, - U «o good that it takes a very bad actor to spoil it,' and yet which almost every tragedian regards as a crucial test. My own opinion is that the Transatlantic actor ha* stood the test well, but the London Press and public have hardly done him justice. His appearance is well adapted for the impersonation of the afflicted Prince of Denmark, his features being regular, and bis frame, though certainly leas attenuated than that of our present ' English Hamlet,' still slender, youthful, and graceful. His voice is very clear and distinct, and bis enunciation singularly free from mannerisms. There is no mouthing or ranting, and bis epeecb.es are neither dragged ope nor ebot oat with a \ tremendous emphasis on a single word, in thit style which marks the taught declaimer. J The entire scene with the Ghost, as ' well as the pendant thereto with the j friends sworn to secrecy, was beautifol and itn- j pressive to a very high degree; and certainly j my experience has never met anything better than the interview between Hamlet and his : mother, when both the righteous anger felt by i the outraged son at the commencement, and the j tender pity for the erring but still dear aur- ! viving parent excited by the Ghost's M Speak to i her, Hamlet,' were in turn superbly portrayed. Noless admirable in a different way was the quiet ease of Hamlei's deportment when conversing with the ' player,' in whom he welcomes »n old I and worthy acquaintance in no way initiated j into his secret trouble, but in whom he re- ' cognises an instrument which can be made «er- j viceable to his own peculiar ends. Altogether Mr. Booth's Hiimlet is that of an intellectual student who has telt and seen his way to each particular scere in his part. A young . actress named Miss Godard has availed of a pretty opportunity to make a decided hit as Ophelia, whom she plays with an unaffected intelligence which is most attractive. The remaining parts are filled aa well as can be expected from what is termed ' a scratch com pany' to support a wandering ' star.' u BILLEB TATXOB.' The enormous auccess achieved by the comic operas of Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan has set an example which it were well to see followed, could we hope to produce twice ia the tame generation a librettist poetessing, aa it would appear, an inexhaustible fund of genuine wit and humour, which, aa a celebrated Noncon formist minister said when taken for the first time in his life to the play (one of Shak gpeare's comedies), 'is as harmless, as a Sunday-school tea-party, and more entertain ing.' But the libretto of the new 'nautical comic opera,' written by Mr. H. P. Stephens, Bnd composed by Mr. Kdward Solomon, which has been bronght out by the present management of the Imperial Theatre with con siderable splendour, has nothing in common with Mr. Gilbert's mirth-provoking and yet always genial and absolutely innocent sallies. It is not difficult to be funny in a certain way if you use unlimited licence to sneer, and this licence has been no freely taken by the librettist of 'Billee Taylor' that the entire drama is little more than a prolonged gibe at such senti ments and incidents as are apt to constitute the interest of popular plays of the good old sort. 'Xhe burlesque ballad whiih givei its Dame to the work might surely have been pressed into service with a somewhat different result As it is one is sorry to see that the really bright, if not very original, music of Mr. Solomon and the extremely tasteful dressing and grouping of the artists employed wins j loud, applause and perpetual encores for linea that aim at travesty in an altogether wrorg direction. There is a troop of cnarity girls, charmingly attired, who sing pretty melodies and strike quaintly picturesque attitudes ; but although co doubt exemplary enough in private life, yet as they appear on the stage they are all brazen little huzzies beneath their modest mob-caps and snow-white bibs. The ' virtuous gardener™ hero is a coward and knave as well as a false lover, and is rewarded with a rich wife. Tha 'self-made man' is a cheat, and 'the village maiden' consoles herself with a profligate captain on discovering that her old sweetheart has deserted her for a richer bride. The piece earns the title of ' nautical'' *iy the facta that 'Billee Taylor' is pressed on board a man-of-war by order of the profligate captain, who has fallen suddenly in love with the village maiden ' Phobbe,' and that the broadly comio character is ' Ben Barnacle, bo'sun of H.M.S. Thunderbomb,' and the whole is eomewhafe too manifestly an in tended satire upon the lives o£ ' William and Susan' at the St. James's Theatre. AH EXTRAOBDrSAHT PICTTBB. lhe French Gallery in Pall Mall, which, although open to all nationalities, is chiefly snpplied by the works of French and German artists, opened its doors this month with a leading ath action of a very remarkable kind. This is an ideally historic painting called ' Lea Enerves de JumiOges,' by M. E. Luminais, which, hanging as it does the one large and striking object in a chamber furnished other wise alixost exclusively with small pieces care ful and refined rather than impressive so far as both subject and execution go, conveys to the mind a sense of solemn pathetic tragedy that it is impossible to describe. The legend attached to the picture runs thu» : — ' Clovis the Second baa conquered his rebellious sons, crippled them by destroying the sinews of their legs, placed them in a barge, and abandoned them to the current of the Seine. The unfortu nate Princes were, however, rescued by some monks from the msnastry of Jumiegea.' The background of this strange work shows the Seine in one of its least picturesque aspects grey water and a lot? barren shore, whoie dreary monotony is hardly relieved by a plain brick building, which we may presume to be the monastery whence the rescue came. In the foreground is the clumsy vessel, with the two royal victims, life-size ar nearly bo, Ijiag aide by side, their maimed and bandaged limbs pro truding from under a rich quilt, and their pale faces looking as if any succour mutt come too late. Yet with extraordinary skill the expres sion of moribund suffering on the one face exceeds that on the other, and, as if in mockery o! the forlorn and abject spectacle, a small shrine or temple, apparently of gold, studded witu jewels, and e'er-canopying a Virgin scd Child, is suspended at the barge's prow. I have seldom seen a more grimly grand picture. Some of the less ambitious works are also extremely inte resting. There is a landscape by a rising English artist, Mr. W. H. Bartlett, which has, I have heard, already been sold three time* since tbe opening of the gallery. The piece is called ' Netting Eels on the River Loire,' and shows two figures pursuing their occupation in a boat which lies upon a stream of extraordinary hue and brilliancy, the incandescent state of the water during certain conditions of the atmo sphere being represented with a success which has at oBce secured not only sale but brisk com petition for the future possession of the picture. The Polish artist, A. de Gassowki, has one of the loveliest flower-pieces I have seen by living artiste, consisting of a profusion of panaies of all shades and hues, overflowing two rough chip baskets. One or two vases of ordinary Cologne ware stand near, as though intended for the better bestowal of the fresh-gathered treasures. The composition of this piece is singularly pure and effective. fhith's great ttork. Among tbe well-known works now awaiting sale at the Old British Gallery is Mr. Frith's famous ' Sftlle d'Or, or Gambling Saloon at Homburg,' perhaps the most laborious and splendid piece of work achieved by this realistic and minutely painstaking artist. Every face is a study, and the leading figure, that of a superbly handsome woman, richly attired in somewhat fanciful style, who has turned her teck upon the fatal table, and is gazing into vacancy with blank despair ic her dark eyes, is astonishingly fine. Three thousand guineas are asked for this masterpiece, which, like other pictures in this collection, finds its way back to the market through the death or embarrassment of the last proprietor. It may not be generally known that Mr. Frith has long given up the use of those large sheets of canvas which require a gallery for their home ; but of his three or four biggf st pictures ' The Homburg 8alon' is by far the finest, and took, I am told, as long to paint as all the others together. 