On Dit. That twenty members joined the Star of Berridale Lodge, G.U. Order of Odd Fol lorts, on Saturday evening. That the Buckley's Orosaingpoundkoopor measures even wild bullocks; two ara gazetted as being li and IS hands high respectively. That the committee of Oooma School' of Arts are netting regular theatrical 'forms, and Mr. Henry Thornton is the nialtor. That the Good Templars liave bagged a lot of the right sort at Leosville. That the nval whips handled tho reins well last Saturday, but one gave in beoauso ha hurl ' No more oil.' That the old rules of Oooma Commonage have been adopted by the new trustees, but the sheep.have had a fine time of it. That a peacock was seen chasing opos sums in the bush at -Bunyan on Saturday Tliit a man eeizod with a harssaing attack offbiliousnessat Podd'g the ..oHier night fefl over the a'tee'p oni tit the veran dan right on one of tHe Commissioner-street rough diamonds and. split the rock in two. . Ihat thp color woni by the father of the Star of Berridalo is soarlet, but the presi dent .believes his is Mie main color. That it is eiven oiit that tho Bombalaites will ling on Queen's'Birthds.y, ' when the pigeons homeward fly.' '. That Mr. B. Birch is ably performing the duties of the Oooma Ijand Agent and O.P.S. during Sir.'' Stnithers1 absence in Sydney.- -- That every one is glad to seB the ' old furailiar iaoe ' onoe more at the ?ost Office. That Mr. D'awBon, P.M., left yesterday (or Adaminabv to hold a Mining Oouft. That the ghost has never entered the house ninoe Judas polluted it with his presence. . ? That Mr. Bennett will raffle a buggy on Saturday night, and that; there is an extra spring in it. . . i r ? That if -Johnny over the road wins the buggy the girls will bo joyfut ? That Mr. Johu.Ed worthy has. taken the hotel at Micalago'recsmtly occupied by Mr. Livingstone, and that he will keep it in firat-clasB style. : . . , ' ?' '? Tliat Mr. Mark Rollason has started the 'hot pie' business in Oooma., 'Pies oil hotl'1- ..?:.....'?? : .. .' . ' ? That' Mr. E. Lewis Scott, thp Parlia mentary Draughtsman, was in Ooouia Ust 'That the Oooma slanderers are the worse enemies of society, and have neither honor, Honesty ,jior feiimMiityj and.ftat the frifindstJiay entertain with Boandil and lieing are treated inja miiulari manner »ie Jundtheilb^clt. '; / * J 