Z MY LOVE. ?: BtS. Lttnh Ijintok, Author of ? Patricia Ktmbali; ? The Atonement of Learn Dundas,' ? Under which Lord, $e. [The solo copyright! Tor o'lioonnlnul of ' My Xovo' i IJl'iiasbfianBoourodforTnoH'cwr.] ? tj. . ^CHAPTER XXVI II.— A Nhw Theeid. .' CHKI8TMA8 came, ana witn 1C tne aroppoa i!h» innings of thut objeotionuble fumily whioh ???hs' owned those noisy Doves us its rao-t prominent memberB. Tho two brothers left in England i/.-i came down for tho vacation, arid the Cowley t'.l.r. .hoys came (ib well.; tho startling costumes , devised and executed in tho dark days of '?'?? ?' 'autumn were brought to light and publicity — ? .-.\ .. to the soandalisation of certain unfriendly . critios of whom old Mrs. Mornhead was tho ?:. ? chief ; and the rousing 'reveille at Sherrardino woke up Highwood to full and fiBt aotivity. t;! trr.Tho weather fortunately continued fair and frosty, und skating was the order of the , day ?W'i'.S while danoing and round carao?, snap-dragon and charades made the evenings ' go ' in such .'. ' sort that the fun might be said to overflow at all four corners. Tho whole place was astir i'..;: iwith the gaieties of 'the season; and tho . ? example set by the family at Sherrardine ?':''{? seemed to be infeotious'-dud to pass from house to house, like measles or whooping- oongh, in ' , orderly nuceession. .??.'?? ; Even Mr. Bransconibo was not proof againBt the contagion of this .guy epidemic. Having ?.??;, already greatly reluied the aevority of his mourning, he relaxed it now still more because . ? ? ? of the season and its claims. He could not, he said, throw the chill of his gloom over this joyous time ; and he thought ho showed his devotion to his sainted Matilda best by doing .'... that which would be mc-st congenial to her eentimouts were Bbe able to direct him uiva row. His daughter, his dear Stella, must not be too much shut up now. It was touching and pretty ? to see her wish forisolation from the crowd and her desire for quiet companionship with him alone. Dear child 1 Bhe lived but in his eight ! And of course that would be his wish also, as it was bis sole source of pleasuro ; but he must do violence to :himself that he might do good to her. Therefore, he and his daughter would accept whatever invitation's were afloat ; , and they even went to Sherrnrdine, where . ... naturally one so elegant and artistic as Mr. Branscombe did not feel ho had any real buBi ? ', . ness to be. ? But that is the worst of a country society,' lie said, when discussing ? these things with Hortensia Lyon. ' If you go to one place you ? must to all, else you make-enemies by - showing (I,:- favour.' It was all for his daughter, /ha re peated—to the world with bland and painful resignation; to Hortensia with an appearance ' ' of only half-concealed chagrin, chagrin very clearly concealed and very artfully displayed — all for her pale cheeks, peaked shoulders, blue enoircldd eyes, and the health which had run down so visibly, but to which tho hidden dis ease had not yet given its name. So it might be. We have no right to look tehind a mac's words for bis motives; but 'for an unwilling saorifice, as he made himself our, to be, Mr. Branscombe was certainly what tho ? Pennefather girls called 'awfully, lolly,' chough ,. he waB so ' awfully a ilted and humbugging ' and affected,' as well, n till he wbb decidedly : jolly; and anyone would have said that he enjoyed his eaorifioe like the rest of them. ' '' All this, however, did poor Stella no ap .. preoiable good Though not apparently ? so much depressed, Bhe wnn just asipale and thin as ever, and ? ot even a hiilf romping turn .at ? ? ? ' ? Sir Roger de Coverloy ' did more than bring the colour into her faoe for just so long as the 1 exertion lasted. When her broath came ba'ik ? the soft pink roses in her cheeks faded into the* normal pallor of her present condition, and she looked even more fragile and diaphanous than' before. Dr. Quigley was looking after her in! his own way, but silently. Ho was waitinglfor1 ' spring time— and beyond ; waiting until sundry . : things should declare thqmselves more plainly. ? than at present, before ho again took on him self tho unauthorised direction of evonts. He. was waiting and watching vigilantly, and for' more things than one. But he took no ono: into his confidence, and tho rovelations conveyed: by those keen eyes and that aotive brain re , , . mnined his own property only, shared and sub- , peet'ed by nono. : 'Supreme!' That was Valentino Oowley's present working word— tho tniotinn engine: -which drew the whole verbal load, the camel which was laden with all the dispersed -Btrawa of admiration. Everything of whioh he ap ; proved was 'supreme ;'-andthis Christmastime, Stella Branscombe, who had always boen ' nice,' was supremest of the supreme, The truth was, ?? Valentine Cowley had nuddrnly become a now man. He had fallen under influences which, as . . -he said, had completed Mb being. To Bin former magnificent munoularity and worship of i ; tnrinlv. fltrnmvt.h }\n hHrl ndHpri ft rumfunn fnp hlnn ! ohina, i Queen Anne architecture, Morris's papers, Bosseti's poems, '.Buskin's prose, half; tones in blue and green, euruestuestt in men and ' tender stillness in women— with a sublime con tempt for trado, luxury, the.doctrino of evolu- ' , .tion and the fourth dimension. Ho had met a '. certain man of mirk— one of the leaders of this sohool — jjest as ho was ousting his boyish xntntal skin and becoming ,rcoro manly and * reflective, -just as ho was slipping liko a hermit crab from one intellectual .shell to another vt:,»:!.i getting tired of play and .ousting about for :,-.; ? '-'-work' and 'his life's moaning.' And this \- .:.! :? ?? man hnd cultivated him on his own lines and .-?::. made him, iintelleotualy, & now creature — \- ??'.? having, as he.. said, oampletcd his'beinjr, leaving i'ii-1 -him his muscles but adding thereto reveranoe K .1 .i ifor nrt, and knowledge of the true meaning, of ?jn.M- poetry. , I'll.-rdi. Having thuflvgone past the pointiKhen noisy .??-l hoydens were liis chosen ohume, Val had I .entered on tbe'linos of refinement and idealistio womanhood; of.unints in tneir swoetnoes and of : i. .^ladieB in their -grace ; even of blonsoms tenderly i. ? '.-I flighted and delicate to the verge (if aicklinoss. . ?? .And Stellu, who «i:3 just as beautiful ,aow in '3... \:,,,affae days of her pallor as eho had boon »in those :?. :-j:f, -f-i hsr freshness— .though huautifuiin aclifferent . ..,.- .(SRay and with cnorasoul about bur, «aid Val — .;,, '?'. ^eomedtohim jaat;tlio kind of thing that he u , ;,., Jtikod beBt of all, andjjuBt the person for rwhose ,,.., appreciation nature ihad fitted him. Clip and Pip were still awfully-jolly and awtully inite; ?thftbest girls in tho world', and with thoilsaBt ?'T?'' -'ionaenBe about thorn that could be ; but Stdlla ?' -''Brftnsoombe touched a&ighor; level than t'wjy could ever aspire to load). Gip and Pip wnro ' ''. ,iof tha'arreated, non-developing cluns; whilefor ?:?? .: .Stelkvall manner of spiritual pro(rrei-H mighhba , '.'?: -. .'espeotad ; and Gip and i£ip lauglmd too muoh ,-?'.:. 'j and too loud, and had «vo-i far too hri^fcfi und .i i :::i 'bold acd wandering for -hie taste no it stood; ai': i) now, whilo Stella's sweet, Joe, tender tones and \ mild, sad, steadfast eyes Doomed to him the trery ' , , - ?; T-»rfection of their kind. ? j ? Whermorc, alter they huti met onoo on the I . Joe; dipped their fingora tojtothor into the ,.', , 'blazing brandy of snap-dragon .end lauehod at. ,' . , the ghastlihcBS gathered round tho blue liKht. 1t' .' made of thcjjnlt ao liberally Wled io ; after ' ' . . ijthey had waltzed till thej- werotimd, und-autod !' ' ' ''3pversinB,chi-radiV — Valentino proviounced her '? , ?' Jiupromo ';' end made Gnorgio fennefatber ' ;: j/roe of hiB vordfet. jl'l' ' :; '.,-. i'o whioh Gnorgie, lauphini? asif it were n ;'.;.! ' email battery of guns fir-d off iu a salute, said in/a shrill voico? ' Why, Val ! are you cning to '[', ' 1(0 one of those duSers who ya in for vashfid '' ''''' out (faces and Rentiwontnl voices f I thoujrht , you had more tiout in you than that} Ktella '/;' '; , 'BrHnacombo is all very w«ll in her way, but her ;''?'?' way wiiB never too much of a crood thing, and '' ''''now itis less ho than .ever. J would as soon make love to a ghost at onoo, if I were a man, as to her. J don't know indeed but that the gboc.t would be the bettor fun of tho two !' ' You incorrigible young- person!1 said ,Valen ?tfno, his gsXety a little forced. : 'And you incomprehensible individual 1' re , torted Georfji'e. her rattling laugh as little really spontaneous as his smilo, :? .' A little off-room at tiherrardino oppned on to the drawing room, where, at this moment, dancing was going on. Gip and Pip always culled it) in their nndaciouo way, ' The flfwton ine-room;' and hold thomsnlves free to rally . ' , . anyone who might be found therein, and to Bfsume whatever they olioeo beyond the patent fact of ocoupanoy. Dancing being to Valen ...-,;. : tine, in his new charaotdr of pro- Riiflaelfto : :? ? gnthueiast, a rather vulnsr and decidedly uppoetlo ejeroisp, and SkilJa being tired, tbe 'two were sitting quietly in a oorner playing at ♦?spillikins'— not a very intellectual game where Stella was perpetually kooping Valen tino, from committing suioide.by trying for the Trydent when two muoh involved, or for the Pipo when certain to shaka. yinco she had got overthe first pain of Cyril's letter to Randolph— reading his silence as re nunciation ovou of her memory — Stella had honestly and heroically dono her best to livo down her pain and to bo in all things like other girls. So long as it had been a mutual henrt bronk between her and her lost Love sho had carried her sorrow and her flag of fealty ; but now when sha believed horself if not absolutely forgotten — who oan really forget f — yet reso lutely set aside, she determined to bury her sorrow deep in her own breaBt, and even to do her best to make herself forget that she had othor cause' for aotive grief than that— suffi- ciently heavy in itself — of her dear mother's death. She knew that, for her own part, she should love Oyril all her life, and love him only. No other affcotion would ever take tho place of this, whioh she had worn bb her glory and now bore as her oross. But she would not go about the world as a lovo lorne damsol, wearing the willow and bid ding for sympathy. She would beno ' Blighted ?Being ' .whom the gentle would pity and the oynical derido. And now that papa had thought It good for her to go again into society, she would go like any one else and force her self at least to appear to take interest in all that went on; though she had no mare real pleasure therein, and derived no more moral sustenance therefrom, than does the starving man when tho typical stone is tossed into his lap for bread, (-rood-natured she had always been ; ever ready to play ohess with beginners or draughts with children, to rattle off waltzes or quadrilles for others to dance to, and to count her marriages in besique and her points in piquet with the stupid and tho old. But now she was even more good-natured and more helpful, if that wers possible. Whenever anyone was wanted to do a kind turn to othors, or to do what was un pleasant to herself, Stella Branncombe came to tho front and took up all the littlo fardels in a row, shouldering them without a murmur. If a bore had to be got out of tbe way Stella took him on her own hands and off the necks of the reBt ; if there were too many in a set, and some ono had to give up, Stella was that someone ; if there was an uncomfortable bit of duty to be done in the parish, Stella was iiBked to do it, and she always did what sho was asked. ' Young as Bhe was, she was getting to hold that impersonal kind of ;laco which belongs to the ' altruistic' natures — to be u kind of youthful social grandmother to all who came for help in uiumoiiiH ui ueeu, unu irum wuum so ont) was turned away unsatisfied. Still Bhe felt that beyond all this she had to find some more absorbing occupation than even sooial attraotionB gave her— something that should make her quite forget her own' trouble in the aotivity of serious well-doing. Helping papa had failed to console her. She nevorquite understood why, but hhe knew that it had; and she AM not feel as if biiinir a kind of social fairy godmother waB the exuot ultimate of hor aspira tions or abilities. But all this was by the bye. What she had to do in the immediate present was to make herself generally useful and univer sally amiable, to thrnst back Oyril deep, deep into the roceaaoB of her thoughts — as far in the buck ground as was possible— and to forget her self all round. And she fulfilled her selfim posed task to the letter. Over his spillikins, which nerved as a pre tence, Valentine fixed his dark eyes on the sweet fair face before him bending over tho table with all dtella Bransoombe's einoerity of interest in tho thing in hand. He looked at her long and ardently, then suddenly, without prefaoo or warning, he usked, in a oft, senti mental kind of way— 'Tell me, Misb Branscombe, what is your ideal of life?' Stella, who had never gone into abstruse questions of this kind, even under her father's frothy tuition, looked up with a puzzled face, and then said : ' What do you mean f ' Your ideal of life,' repeated Vnlcntino, as if repetition were explanation, and a puzzle said twieo over gave its own key in the eobo. ' I do not know that I have any,' she snid in a pretty, hesitating way, feeling dreadfully dense and silly. ' I have nuver thought of it. I ? uppose one ought to do what good one can — to be as useful to othors and as sincore to onreelves as is possible. I cannot give any other answer. What is yonr ideal p Then I shall know better what, von mnan bv vnnr niiPHtinn ' ' Mine ?' returned Valentine. ' My ideal of life is Earnestuoss — the worship of the tender and tho beautiful — the bringing of religious ness and spirituality into our daily doings, like dear old George Herbert — striving after the better way through the .onlture of poetry by means of love and art.' \- An odd little movement of repulsion parsed almost like a Bhudder over Stella. ?' I do not thinh I oare.muoh for poetry,' she said naively. ' I think I like something more pniotioal.' 1 Oh !' he returned in an aggrieved tone ; ' and you look the very soul of poetry in your own person! You not care for poetry? — you who uro made to be a man's muse, to inspire ?his loftiest thoughts, his -noblest aspirations !' 'I sincerely hope not,' said Stella with onriouB gravity. ' I do ,not think that is my funotion at all ' ' Mo. What then ! Where doos your great gut of influence lie ? he asked eagerly. He:had made a bad flhotby Mb firat guess, but supreme as she was he must know in what censer'he might burn his incense and by what liturgy intone his devotions. 1 1 am so matter-of fact,' sho said, as if accuB ing hen- elf of a fault. 'I care so much moro for realities than for all this 4rind of thing, as I just said. I would onro do good to the poor, to help tbo -sorrowful, to nurse the sick— anything of that hind— so much more than to write poetry orioven ipspire it !' .' You might still be practical, yet inspire tho ? poet ; and with one of his loftiest themea !' an swered Valentine, warmly. ' The gracionB Ladyes of the past—the sweet chatelaines who walked in their gardens and satin their bowers, bore also the. castle keys at their girdles, were servers of broad, and leeohes in their degree. The Ladyo of 'La Gnraye was tbe Lady Bounti ful of whom you paint the outlines ho delioately, so deliciouBly.' ' But I do not think I should over care to inspire a poet utall,' persisted Stella. ' A man ought to lead aainob freer and healthier, more out-of-doors and practical life than poets and artistn can do To mo, health and strength and energy are such grand things !' 'In man perhaps,, not in woman,' said Valen tine, entangled in hi« sontimontal erase for want of hatmatine and for relaxed fibro. ' A woman should be -a dainty, tender, delioato .creature, all soul nnd spirit — a low- voicod, sweet- faced, fragile -£aint, to bo taken care of by her husband to whom she should he at once hi» JCg-ria and bi« oburKe — hor pure counnel» his fount of inspiration and the guidance of his lifq, while his strength gives hor service and protoot.ion.' StoUa looked at her companion with frank surprise, yhe forgot even.the ' thirty'. Trid-*nt,i: nt which she had been so .dulicatuly working, a:pi whfch was one of the great prizes of their om little game. ^ . . ' You auy all this ?' she said. ' I thought you cured only for fun and gaiety, and that what you Jiked bust in woman was gnod humour and high spirits and all thnt kind d thing— girls who could walk and ridV and row, and were never tired and never sad, and whose whole lives were just like so muoh danoe music' ' No ! a thousand tiuwH no ! ' answered Valen tine, with ctrango enHrgy. ' Women of that kind are good to laugh with, I grant, They are first- rate fun and capital follows all thrniiKh ; but the supremo to idoalieo and idolise is of a vory different type. My ideal would be ii girl, pule, slender, gentle, fair, reminding ooo of a lily thut had been it little bowod under the weight of a passing storm ; of a blush-rose sur obarged with tho toars of the morning; of a saintly martyr floating in a Btill Inke, h«r hair spread out like an aureole about her; of all things tender and soft imd plaintive, to whom I should minister— she demanding oare beoaueo of her sublime weakness, and I strong: and reverent, proud to givo her on my knees fhe sorvioe of my life. That is my idaol woman ; and I wonld give frsr you form sod feature*.' _ ' Would yon P' said Stella with the most simple, the most sincere amazement. ' How oddl' Nothing being farther fcom her thoughts than loving, nothing was farther from her por- . coptions than being made love to. And if any one had told hor that this was Valentino Oowloy'B method of making love she would have thought her informant was dreaming or perhaps wilfully trying to deceive her. (To be continued.) 