THE HISTORY OF THE FORTNIGHT. [From our own Correspondent.] London, April 8. The serious illness of Lord Beaconsfield awakens great concern. The treacherous east wind is said to be answerable for the noble Earl's malady, the seat of danger being the throat. which baa been much inflamed. fiU Lordship has angered severely from defective respiration, arising from phlegm, and his old enemy, gout, has also assailed him. There is yet hope that the vigorous constitution which has stood its owner in. each good stead hitherto, and which is in fact an essential of a great statesman's sneeees, may come out victorious from the crisis. In spite of more than one relapse this hope prevails as I write. The Queen has sent frequent messengers to the ex-Premier's house, and Mr. Gladstone is one of the maay distinguished visitors who have made psrsoual enquiry as to the patient's progress. Another ot the many signal instances of the personal cattem in which Bis Lordship was held by our &oj;?l family was afforded this week, when the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Edinburgh on their arrival from St. Petersburg immediately drove to die tick Earl's residence to satisfy themselves by an interview with the doctors as to his condition. Lord Beacontfield's age forbids any sanguine expectation of his again undertaking the aiduon* duties of a Prime Minister; but Sngliahmen of all sections and parties will unite in hearty wishes that he may be spared awhile to the enjoyment of the comparative leieore and repose of the exalted position his genius has won for him. Mrs. Fletcher, the American spiritualist medium, is left by her hasbaadand Colonel Mcrtos, who are included in the indictment* to face alone the chatge ot defrauding Uti. Hart- Daviee of her jewellery and other property, to the value of about £10.000. The case is being i tried befere Mr. Justice Hawkins at the Central OriminalOoart. Theindictment is a eurioos doca ment.as the pridioproeecutar, who has token tue matter in hand, has added to the original alle gations of conspiracy a second count, imputing the ose of sowery, witchcraft, sad wchaauaent, in the tains of. an old statute passed before the belief in ghosts bad blossomed into what is known as cpiritoalinn. .Mrs. Haxt- Davies is a lady of considerable wealth sad expecta tion*, who has experienced tsro unhappy marriages, there being a divorce in the urn in stance and a separation in the second. It was through Mr. Fletcher's preseribiag for her aecoad husband that she became acquainted with the " trance-doctor's" wondrous powers. Menage* were delivered to her by him which the believed in reality cams front her ■'"wiml mother. Under that belief, and in accordance with the instructions thos aupernaturaUy im parted to her, she made over the whole of her property to the defendants by deed of gift, and afterwards made a will in their favor. Un joined by her mother to seek the "genial society" of the spiritualists, she soak np her abode with the Fletchers, and accompanied them to America, and it was here that the,, notion that she was being doped was suggested to her by another spiritualist. Mn.Hart-D&viesV; extzaordinary•tory, of which tbe above ia an oosUae, has attracted a crowd ol hearers, and the cross-examination, from what baa already feanspired, promises to furnish jet more tauatjoaal tetekkioaa. These must wait tor the next mail, together with the testi mony of the fashionable persons who have been anbfwaaed.if they osn be penstsded to appear. Zt is reported, howerer, that the prospect of j being called npon to give evidence has led to j a perfect stampede from London of titled and ! wealthy individuals who were frequently mem bers of she Fletchers' mysterious " circle,'' but who are ashamed to be known in that capacity. IHo fewer than 4,000 persons are declared to nave suffered death or injury from the effects of the appalling earthquake ia the Levantine Archipelago. It seems to have had Us centre in the island of Ohio, though its destructive influence waa felt over a much wider area. ■ Nearly the whole town of Cnio and many neigh boring villages were destroyed. As is always the case when such fearfol convulsions of nature occur, ibe ?««?«««£ inhabitants are in a state ' of panic, and have fled to the open country, where they have encamped, all uncertain whether they will again be visited by the dreaded sub terranean shock. Allowing so closely on the disastrous upheaval at Ischi*, and ihe continuous terrible earth-chocks experienced at Agram, in *?«*"-j this freth convulsion shows that ths , interior of the globe is at present in a state of onnsoal ferment. European charity is invoked on behalf of the surviving sufferers, who are placed in a most pitiable position, 4U/KK) being said to be witboutahelter or food. Our energetic Home Secretary, Sir William Barcourt, has raised a. regular hornefa nest about his ears by directing the prosecntien of the German Socialist editor, Heir Host. This gentleman has been in the habit of issuing from *> shed provided with the most meagre resources lin the way of type and presses, a peculiarly un pleasant German print called freiheit. Tins infamous newspaper immediately after the sssassiDatien of the Czar appeared wi'&a; blood red border round its first page, and commemo rated the crime in anarticScof atrocious character. It needed no representations from Russia, and in fact none such were received, to induce the Government to put their foot down npon asocial pest like this, and Herr Most acoendingly finds hinuelf in custody on a charge of inciting to murder, and is refused the privilege of baiL Of course Sir William Hsroonrfs action does not give universal satisfaction. Some of his political opponents are said to contemplate questioning him in Parliament as to his alleged gratnitous interference with apolitical refagee, and he may very likely receive another pistol loaded with paper—the unsavory sop- ■ pressed journal itself. As for the Socialists and \ Intemat-onaUsts of fond on, they are in a state , of more than usual effervescence. Last Sunday morning the '•Frtiheit defenders 1* vented their ' feelings at a mass meeting on Olerkenwell | Green, the favorite rendezvous of revolutionary : agitatora^ Members of the several foreign ' colonies m London were present—the French. from Leioetter-sgoare and the Germans from { Safao, bat the principal contingent was that o! ' the 'Whiteehapel Germans, sugar-bakers almost to a man, and devoted followers of Herr Moat. One orator said that it was.aU very well toabject to bombs; but bombs showed the power of the workmen. Therefore he was in favor of more bemhs. This was pretty fair ata meeting where ' one of the retolationa declared they were being deprived of their " most cherished liberty," free speech. It is a characteristic of the O erkan well pttriote' Sunday meetings that they always break op at a certain boor. Thehoorislo'doik, and at 1 the public-booses open. Once more the judgment of a court oT law baa gone against Mr. Bradlaogh's claim to ' retain his teat in the House of Gammons. The Court of Appeal decided to this effect, and the defendant has practically ascepted its ruling, as his farther appeal to the House of Lords relate* only to the question whether a common in former has the right to recover the penalties for his daring to speak and vote in the House without having taken the preliminary oath. The law makes a clear distinction between a witness in a court and a member of Parliament at the table The privilege of making an affirmation is permitted only to Quakers and others who have a religious objection to taking an oath. Mr. Sradlaugh, who has no religions belief at all, must take the oath or nothing, and probably had he done so in the first '"«t*irf all the trouble would have been saved. As was expected, he is a candidate for the seat declared vacant through his not having properly qualified himself to fill it, and a very -various spectacle will be presented if the electors of Northampton again plaoe him at One head of the poll. His candidature is opposed by Mr. Corbet, Conservative, who particularly invites the con stituency to remember that their choice lies between a Christian and .an Atheist. Whether Mr. Corbat^s a Oon*ervative first and a Christian afterwards, cr mice vena, it is not stated, though the point is not without importance. Ihe probability is that there wQI not be a new trial of the caaeLawson v. L&bouohere.; The jury having been equally divided, and being consequently discharged without giving a verdict, each side can and does claim the victory. Mr. Lawson avers that he had the best of it; Mr. Labouchere is convinced he had. I am bound to say the general opinion is altogether favorable to the view taken by Mi. Laboaebere. Very many, and Lord Coleridge among them, moreover agree with the delendant that the personnel of a newspaper directorate is a legitimate subject of enquiry. The Daily Telegraph, as we know, had Turkish interest!) very much at heart. The proprietor of that paper at the same time held.Taxkuh bands of many thousands of pounds (nominal) value. Of course his advocacy might be perfectly sincere, but human nature being what it is a full knowledge of the ease, such as Mr. Labon ehere furnished bis readers, sparing no damag ing detail, eonld hardly fail to modify the vast influence a great daily paper may wield. Bat the whole thing was so mixed up with personal vindietiveness that there can be nothing gamed by a new trial. The public have had quite enough of it. Mr. Labouehera.i* well content, the affair has cost him comparatively so little, and he is prepared to pay the costs for his printer, who was indicted with him. It rests with til. Lawson, and, on the whole, those who saw that gentleman in the wHsess-box are pre pared to take long odds that he will not renew the prosecution. The public anniversary of the founding ef Exeter Hall was chosen as the occasion of the reopening oerenieny, the famous building having been entirely renovated and re-decorated since coming into the hands of the new proprietors, the Young Men's Christian Association. Bevetal philanthropic gentlemen had aubsoribed £23,000 for the purchase of the haU, and another £25,000 ' has been laid out in fitting it np for its new pur pose. The opening meeting was a gnat sneeess. The venerable fiarl ot Shsitesbury, whose fun is so familiar in Bxeter Hall, presided, and the ; Archbishop of Canterbury was present to give . his encouragement to the werk the Young Men's Christian Association in London and the pro vinces have in band. The Lord Mayor, Mr. Samuel Morley, UP, and other weU-known gentlemen were on the platform. The praotioal stature of the sympathy felt by the assembly w<u> dwitt t>y the reduction «ff the remaln3nir Sgbl from £7,000 to £5,000 tkatday. Xhearoea*!. Inga were snade the subject of • gentle note* on bebatf of the ladies. Small handbills were distributed, the upper half of whieb oo?taiaed the reminder in bkck letters, - £50,003 spent for the welfare of young men in Loadon," white the otfcer half, printed in red, bore the word?, ** Nothing for the young women. Why •"> The detailed accounts of the burning of the opera house at Nice show that the tragedy was beyocd description dreadful, and that the loss of life exceeds the original estimate. How msny perished may never be known. It may be ISO cr 260, seeing that 100 bodies hare been recovered, and that the remains of aw many more nay possibly be lying amongst the rains, barnt out of all semblance to humanity. Among tile victims were three members of die celebrated Kennedy family of Scotch vocalUts— ft Bon and two dangbtere, who were pursuing for the winter in the balmy climate of Nice the art with which they have delighted audiences in &U; parts of the world. la fall joy, with smiles on lips, tte spectators came ta 6ee the imaginary weeeof Kdutrlo ai,d Lucia portray «*, whan ia a twinkling they became themselves aaton ia a most fearful tragedy. Punic raised its voice, sad individuals wjso a minute previously wece intelligent, reasonable, and masters of them selves, became a wild flock abandoned to detpair. One result of the Nice catastrophe is to f ar nieh aDOtber argument against the naef ol bat detestable staff we cstl '■ gas," winch i? bo fatal to human life when it exploded, and so noxious when it does not. She City of London streets are now radiant with the electric light, and im proved systems crowd upon the heels of one another with bewildering rapidity. Swan and St. Geerge Lane Fox Dave practically eclipsed Bdison in thi? country, bnt a Mr. Joel, of New castle, promises to eclipse them. He does not ose a vacuum lamp, which is expensive, bit has detigaed one which oonaistt simply of a earbos. thread, allowed to consume as ft win. Every where, except in coal mines, tins ought to answer all yurguses, and it is said to be as cheap as gas at*, per thoasand onbic feet for light* of eorreapondmg power. It is believed that the advantages of cieetrie lighting may be extended to collieries, a consummation devoutly to be wished. At all events a firm at Bamock, near Hamilton, has gone in toe the Swan in candescent lamp for the whole of its eoUenes. The capitalists must bow settle the qaestion whether the electric light shall oome into im mediate use. Itis earlymtbeyearfor DoaHngfatalitiesjbat a certain latlnjesan the strong gale of Saturday led to several deaths bydrowning in the Thames. Ihe local rowing clnba, consisting of Ao* assis tants, were holding eosopetitions during their half-holiday in the afternoon. s& Ghiswiek, and the river, agitated by the wind, became like a aea. The watermen urged those ia the pleasure craft to ecmtaahoie. Ihe voice of wisdom wai in one case derided, with the painful sequel tnst the scoffers were soon after capsized, one Joans; woman being drowsed and bar companion* rescued with difficulty. Imme diately after the racing-boati preparing far % final heat were swamped, and four of the craw of one of them were drowned. Darkness coming on rather suddenly xbondsevaral frail craft still on the water, and cries for help were heard for a long time after. The dragging of .the rivsr oa Sunday resalted in the lesovery of several bodies besides these of tie unfortoaste crew of the racing cotter. Sow tiujt it is decided to abolish flagging i* the army the merits of proposed substitutes for the lash are being keenly criticised. The ques tion with most peaons seems be what penalties will be severe enough? BstntnataH means of book against flogging he tails how a friend of his stopped drunkenness altogether in a regi ment which had gained a disgraceful notoriety for bad sonOuct. He appealed to the men's own good sense when he -met them tor the first tima on parade in the morning. He followed np his exhortation that same evening by ordering a drunken man te be carried off to hospital, where be was bfistered and kept on low diet for a week, as though be were a fever patient. The delinquent 1!! comrades' twittings stung him a good deal more than the lash. A few other eases were dealt with in the same way, and the core was complete. The regiment was quoted as a pattern for good behavior. It was a victory for moral influence. The" Chamberlaine v. Barnwell" second trial was one of the most protracted ever heard in the Queen** Bench Division, and the affair is not over yet. After fifteen days' *"^ring the jury found for the plaintiff, and awarded damages tothe amount of £3.000. The action was hronght by a clergyman, for over forty years vicar of Keevil, county Wilts, against a clergy man at y?iir«>i«Tn_ about fire miles off, bat having no cure of eonls. Ths libels were con tained in letters written to the plaintiffs nephew, accusing the plaintiff of gross immo rality. The case is sorpruiiig, supposing the finding to be correct, as aa evidence of the jftngtfi to which unfounded calumny may go, since there must hare been a conspiracy among plaintiff's p*rifhjnr?*T« to Afcf*mft his character. The result must be surprising for all the parties concerned. The defendant, who might have escaped with a payment of £50 at the first trial, succeeded in his request fat a fresh hearing and is now ordered to pay £SjJQO. His surprise must be shared by the plaintiff. who by resisting the motion for the new trial, had shown he a as concent with his £50, and now the whole thing will have to be faught over a third time, the defendant having nppftalnfl on the ground that the damages were excessive. By the death of Sir Charles Reed. BCP., many philanthropic and religious institutions have lost an active supporter, and toe London School Board a meet able chairman, to whose in fluence the great gueoees that institution has achieved is largely doe. In ten yean die board has covered London with a network of new schools ; bat the metropolis grows to fast tbat ever* now only 69 per cent, of the children of the working rlnsnria can be at school at once. Sir Charles pointed oat in the coarse of his last Bpnrntl address that there are only two school places for every three children, and the saga cious development of the policy, which aims at bringing education within the reach of every child, occupied his energies almost to the very day of bis death. His funeral was attended by many distinguished persons. 