A i"GiOSTAT NOONDAY. (Fom th Pto 1 zt.ll, G )a cd.) ,.liavO received thor following extta ordinar, narrati vo frotm a correspondont, for {i'hose 'godd faith, and professional acuteness, of,obsoervation we can vouch. IHo sibstal tiattes thi. estoryiwithr fullldo tails ofdmates, iinncs,; and: placest., which, htowever," for the 'salo of the;survivors, he does not rivish to 'bo published., .Without ty. furtli r preface, we,lay his,.lotter be foro' ourre?ders :-1,, .. , ,: SAs,mmyy,wife and Iweroo Aitting at break ifast:lith n gueost, whonm h will eall'Mr.A. ,thenaon a?,visittfor, the first time, to our house. a?ld it neiglbourhood---dur, inaid .servantpassed out1,of .the roon on ;her way to the kitchen. As she closed the .door,:Mr, A.. startled inio .by sayiig; !" I sawna,spirit of a Rean ufollowinm that .vo musn,,wlto,.as ho- paseed, said distinctly in my hearing, ' God.judgeth not nas man judgeth.. I-.was.uinnmm cont ;ofethe murder ,for which ,I .have, been , hanged; II,,t wtis tlhere,,but,I, did, not; strike the, blow.." ,,Whaint ,iithikd:'i:.l. asked. !.Heo, replied by. describing'a younmgIrishman .whonmiI •recognised.at;once'asitho husband of- my ,doinmetioe,who a;year or two:blieforo had iboon.exenltedi ontlho; charge,'of mtirder. MiIr,A,. a comnplotestrangor to the locality had. onlyminmt ime for, the first timoetwo idays.before, and I.hewas totally; ignorant ,of tho,crimno .in which myiservant was so deeply interested. For obvious roasons the subject was never alluded to in our household, where the widow was regarded ,with feelings of sympathy, wlich;led us to avoid nas iichl as possible all reference ,to.her husband's fate.'. I had previously ,gopd. reasonto doubt wlhetherith evidence ,against,hinlt. justified his, execution. He had died protesting his innocenceo. His ,wife and; friends were ifirmly convinced t tlat,althouglr hlie had ,been in, thoe fight, it was was not by his hand, the: fatal, blow had,beeoon,dealt.. In addition to this I had ;good reason.to believothat.tlhe real mur dereor'vas still,.at, largeo., You can. easily iinagine l y. astoliihmlnent; when, Mr A. thus. Suddenly ventured.upon forbidden ,grouid,, and abruptly,, declaredthat t the ;spirit.of,a:h?i,who had suffered the capi .tal, penalty; and ?lhose, personal nppear nimnceexactly.coincided the poor,Irislman, was actuidly, following the servant about the house.proelaiming his iinnocence in ac coitiswlihich,.altlhough inaudible to sme, ihy guest declared wereo perfectly, audiblo;to :him.ia.,Lhad heard that.Mr A. had beon la "deer," but I was not a littleo startled at this striking illustration of his peculiar faculty.,iI ,reomarked that it was very strange, and informed him that the woman whom lie had just seen, for, the, first time .,withier ghostly compahion was really the \widowiof ani ;executed felon. Some time fterwards ,liho ,exclaimed: !.Thoroe he is .again repattiig ,the sameo ,words 1";Iun .tensoly ,interested; by this sudden and ap lparently supernatural confirmation of my . suspiionis, ,duterminuedito putthoe seer ship of lmiy guestto,whliat I regrirded a cru . cil, tet:i I~told M, A...that shortly after arids, L.was going into towni and as. I ,ahlould?b,pimsasngithe spot wvlerelthO mur ider was committed perhaps his. ghostly visitant' might indicate the plaoe.wlorolthe \- dead maanlar?,.,- Some, time afterwards we stS.rted for, theo town: ,When we:left the ilou?ie ir A.,rremarked, '' Tlhero.ihe is fol lowing us," alluding to the spirit. ..When 'W.e adgarooooded part of tho.,eny, along •thoro; Id,.,helio was quite unknown to my .friimid, Indc a ,o lotour ,to, make a, bust ness call and" went along. anRother .street, .Mr,-A.,followying.nm. ;Just as;i without a wprd; on.mny, part, we woroturning out, of .tho main road, 1MrA said, ",'Tlhe spirit is st?nding,at the lcorner. He says we are not gom0i the right waytowards the place whereo.t~o murderl was committed, and which' lioeb'pn'mised to point, out to, mec." IrepFiel ' O!', ivolIha Icome'out. intlthe amas road a byand ,before u rddcdistle spot" about ai qb to9f a splo, and maring, dons ~sny -si?igr, sonhcl truck teli o.niamroad, agamin noine fll otlii road ,wo hald traversed thlihitsmii jmua on ,thoere, waiting for ius" As we contued our walk, Ipurposly re .frailed..fronm uttering, a1,worid or ,ven fdroi:thinkliig as far as I could, about the : adtr,'i-'fatrias. t ýpiovolt, anyr possibi l yiiiYof y, com'panion obtausing: any 'clio.1 As i'e wer thps trougho of "tlih'oiyst.'pis.tsof the towni. Mr.A sud dtiely?d?aiiuiedi "'H1 tells'ino that it simis her'tid nmuli der was. commuitted. .. It was ?j.ust tlhero (poittipng ,to 0 tlme place :ii' tiie'obid 'ihro6? the iiiurdered moan feloil). ,I see thehubbub and conifusioni rise up bbfore tinm " sa pictUre,' with. the people dtid. H6o, liowever, again tolls me that lid did'iot strike the fatal blow. .He does not excuse himself front being imiorally guilty as being mixed up with tlhoso who accomplished .the deaths of the mail, but strongly, maintains that lihe was not tthi murderer.,:, I will only add in relation ,tothi last incident that Mr A.: described the.exact spot where the murder was comin. nittoed, :,and the circumstances* ini donl noxionttherewithl. Holf can you account for.thath 13fr.A. had neover been in the ,toln before ; lie had never lived within a couple' of. hundred umiles of it ;t:he did iot,know within a clday or two'boforo hi arrived that ho wiouldl over visit it; he could not by any possibility havo known that the poor woman in my employ was thle widow of a man who, was hanged. Ho had no conceivable interest in docoiv iig me, nor wns lie concerned to prosecuto the matter. any further. I have in vein alt tempted to account for his story, nor can I, on any of tlhe popular hypothoses, ex plain to my own satisfaction how lihe saw that ghost at noonday. That he did see it ho assured me, miuch to my'surprise, when no ono expected any such revelation; and, whatever ho saw, it certainly led him to the exact place wvhlre the iiiurder was commnitted. . . 