JUDGES' DINNER, Tuis event in connection with the annual exhibition of the Kiamna A. and H. Asaooia, tion cameo ofton the evening of Wednesday last, the first day of the show, and was the most successful thing of its kind ever known in Kiaaua. It was more public in character than on previous occasions, a larger iumber of local gentlemen being present. The old Iron Storeo in Manning. etreet was used for the purpose, and a very suitable and commodious dining room it made, the walls being prettily dedorated with palms, ferns, and evergreens, arranged in various devices with considerable taste, The tables, which extended across one end and down each side of the building, when, laid with a profusion of the olhoiest viands, and adorned with variegated foliage plants, choice plants in flower, and an abundance of bouquets, presented a sight that has never bon surpassed in Kiama, and oequalled, perhaps, only once, reflected the highest credit on the taste, ability, and resources of the caterer, Mrs, Jackson. We have on many similar oocasions spoken highly of this lady's exertion and success in this particular direction, but it was never better merited than on Wednesday evening last,- and this is borne out by the observation of a Sdney gentleman who said that "for quality and variety of viands and drinkables, anod the laste and management of the spread, the banquet could not have been better served In the metropolis," And this is the more creditable, as Mrs, Jackson had in the most satisfactory cmannor provided lunho for the judges, friends, and the public on the Point during the two days of show, The President of the AssooIation, Mr. D. L,. Dymoor, occupied the chair, having on his right the nsombor for the distriot, Dr. H. J, Tarrant, M.P., and on his loft J, 8, Farnoll, M.P., member of St, Leonards, Tho first vicoe-hair was occupied by the Yice.Presidont of the Association, James Colley, Esq,, J,P., aid the places of honour beside himi were assigned to the Rov, J, Wilson, MA, (Presbyterian), and the Rev. IL. Woodhouse (Wesliyan), The soeoond viceclhalr was tilled by his Treasnurer of the Assouiation, Mr. T. .. Fuller, Tho conme pany numnbered exactly noventy.ivol and whoa they were seated-a little after 8 o'Oloolk-tho Rov, H, Woodhouse, at thi Chairmian's request, asked a blousing. After the disposal ot the various courses consist. ing of oysters, turkeys, goeso, dtloks, fotle,. hlie, plum.puddings, eoutards, tarts blnomange, jeollies, celory, cheoso, an vogotables, the dessert was placed on thu tables, whiens The Chairman proposed " ~ho health of or: Most Gracious Sovoreign Qmeun Vieturia and Empress of India," which was duly hlo. oured Thoe Vticohlairman, in very compli. mentary terms, proposed " The health of Lord Loftus, tlh reprosontative of Her MIajesty. and Oovernor of Now South W aloes , •.?' This toast having boon duly onoureod, ,J, Black, lesq., T,P,, proposed " Tio Parliamoent of Now South Waes," obsgrving that parliament was just whst the electors made It, Tise present parlianient elected under thonoew Act contained a lirger nunm. her of mnombori; said if the quality of states' mnanehp finprovod in the same ratio as the increaso of members; we might roolcon on s superior parliatnent to the last, It was to imils a pleasuro to see our..own moember on the right of the Chahrmanisna.id he thought there would be little opposition found to the assertion thathlio waist iteilight' nina'iin thes rlghtoiplace; But' on the Cliairman's lefthwas the repreaonn'ttlvo of another eonl slituoney- a gentleman who had in the political world insdo himself a name--who haid f,ur many years past aaalsted in bsapilg the ldesti?sy of liahis marnilllauuit c(olany. It'0 invnlt the ilonll J, 8uarne1ll, late rPeloeur of Novw Soulh?i Waloh WTho toalut Was dul?' linou'sdl ' Dr. Tarrcalit bielnga ,oallied on, responded, olisorving thlat though iih thanked thile gotmhpany for the onthusiastl? manner in which the toast had boon recolved,'yot he thought they madei a mhltauk In solling on hino Ilit, setting thlere wasl an ild aiud vetehin politician preosent. t loover, he would be brief, and leave the response to the toast to his friend Mr. Farnell. Several oller muemboer of Parliament would have bopni present, but the opening of the ex tension of the railway to Dubbo happening at tlisameU time, ho suppsed tlhey preferred a trip. by the rail to sou-sickness. He hoped, however, that such alln exuso would not exist much longer, but that members of Parliament and others would soonl be able to come to Kiansu by rail. (Oheers.) IMajr ]Ilack gaveo utterance to a truism when he said that Parliament was just what the eleclars made it, for with vote by ballot, and univolsal suffrage, if they had not a good Parliamuent, it was the people's own fault. He was pleased to be present among his old friends, and- he thought such exhibitions as they had just witnessed, and such rounions, would be found advantageous to the district. Visi. tors from a distance would also be benefited, as they would contrast the land and cattle of the district with their oswn, learning ai lesson where it was to be found; and if properly conducted, the breed of cattle would be improved, and greater facilities discovered for developing the resources of the district, Mr. Farnell being next called on, said he did not come to Kiatna for the purpose of making a speech, but simply because he preferred to accept the invitation of his friend to visit this famous little place to a trip to Albury or Dubbo, and he was glad lie camne, for his appetite was better, his health improved, and he was certainly much enlightened by the trip, The farmers might possess information in their own particular calling, of which he was ignorant, but lie knew that in Dr. Tarrant they had an honest represents. tive, one that would not conscleitiously, as iho had himself always done. Honesty in politics did not always succeed, and that was the chief reason why he was laid on the shelf, He had not cosei to see the Kisama iGhost, but to see the grand exhibition of Kinams, The prodsiotive class made the wealth of a country, aind those who ought to be encouraged, are those who help them. solves, Though it did not as ia rulo succeed inl this colony, he still. went in for .honest govornmnent, and he vwas proud to 'say o had forced ihis successors in onoe to.pass some good measures that had been dangling .on the political hook for years; Ho was also proud that his friend, the mbmber for Riiama, assisted in defeating the treasurer's resolution to put a tax on ooal; wool and stock, which would seriously havoinjtired the trade and interests of the colony. He had boon twitted byDr, Tarrant because he was not at one time in favour of the Ills= warra railway i nor was he, for he then held that the proper time lhad not arrived, and that important works in other directions should be done first, These works beipg now done, or in progress, the Illawarra raihtay would have his vote and support, as would also a similar ono to the iorth. And he advised them nott' nsk the (Govern mont for it as a matter -bf favour, bit to demand it as a right. Mesars, Par es bsnd Robortson were able mnin, adepts at chi. canery, and he believed :,they, would do anything, whether a niain.road, a railway, or a tramway, if it suited their purpose; but he hold it a soundd policy to meet the most pressing wants iratianid faooilitatoeths conveyance of produce to' niarilot, . Make the railway, and the productive class will soon develop the resources of the country equally, north and south, . 3esides, a rail way was much cheaiper than a main road, rnud in whatever direction it wast taken, Providod there was populatticsorr resoiurooe, cibvwa sure to do good, ; S-omU e opponents had said they hadthe griiodeean highway, but he would ask-Would the little harbour they possessed be equal to the trade of the place in a few years' He said, that as other places of lose importance were getting the advantage of railway conm munication, the south coast had an equal right to it, This was a beautiful portion of a grand country thlat would support its millions, where it now had, only thousands, Even now, they.could not asll their butter at a romnunerative price i there were not people enough in the colony to 'at it, and they would have to find a market elsewhere. In reference 'to the matter of the toast, there was not at present mtch to say) Indeed' what had already been said; had well nigh exhalated the subject, El had not as yet made an estimate of the moral worth of the now House, but if the Government brought forward good measures, or if the opposition drove them to this course, or in other words, found brains for them, he would be satisfied, as the public would get the benefit, Slippery Henry was a dillioult mans to dold with, or to work with, but if he took, or was by the opposition compolled to take ca wise and liberal course in logis. lationb he (Mr, Farnell) would be as aon. tented in opposition as if he were in office, He thanked them on behalf of the Parlia. mont, The Chairman said it afforded hinm pleasure to see so nmany present, both at the exhibition and at the dinner, as it showed that a lively interest in matters portaining to the district was taken, It had been a custom of his for Come few years past on oooaclona like this, to read an address or article .on subjects connected with the progress of the distriet, which camoe legitiatoly witlin the operations of the Aesoolation, but he had departed fromn the rule, proferring that the evening should be devoted to social 'onjoymouet, and lhe hoped everyone would enjoy himeolf to his hourt's content. 'A few years ago they had uphill work in monaging the alhairs of the Assoolation I but it lhad now made a namne for itself, and stood, lie believed, in a better finanual position: th e., tle.BSidjoy.oAgsoei ation,' It had 200 mnembers, aaclvhtle the affairs of the lato exhibition were. oltared up, he oelleved they would have £000 to their credit, This spoke woll for the disa triot, ancd showedd that it was entitled to a railway, Oheours:) The Association hlad also embarked it a project to secure a better price for their produoathan was obtainablo' by the present mode of its disposal I but athla could not be done witlhout the eo operation of the other distrilts,. This had. been suglht, and be was. happy to say that at' least, eighty per cent,, of tihe farmire betweooen 3ulll trd the 'Turous river had given in their adhesion to the schome, and he hoped soon to see a Co-operative Coni. pasy for the sale and' export of produce in active operation, The'o" soheme to which he lhad referred could not be carried out with. out outside nssistanooe, and the same might bhe said of tihe Show, for we collld not manage without judgea from a distance and .he' was equally happy in.thin case to say that a number of gentllitoen,e moat' ready and willing, had come, some fromn a groat, distaneo; and at 'bonsdorable incon. votloitco, to runder their valuablhe' assist anoo by noting as judges at our (hdw of 1881, He therofore' propond l' Tuie Health of the Judgeau," The tunst having Iboelidrunek, ;i.: c r, . .iudgory.:rilslg, 1lid, that so far a hIe waa .on erned, whatever trouble or ucionrtivoneine ihiis ,oming i)ucrred, wanc doubly paid by tlOce irdlul. pi ed ,oitlouc manlner in which he and thoe othoer had boon treated, Ib wIas net to'ibe ax peeled that their dooleles would give unl, vereal satlefaution, but hIe hlieved thee public of Klamcn aceoptdtltonet as honest. opihlonr, given with the beht of lthoe ability; and further, if a mistake had been made, that it was an arror of judgmenot, and not of intention. .e always enjoyed his visit to the Kianma Show, more than to anywhere oleo. Mr. M'Knnzie said he liked work better than speaking, but he must say the cattle of this district would compare favi ourably with any in the world. He was glad the committee had followed out his suggestions of last year, and given more prizes; but there was still room for im provemnent, and he would now suggest that they be divided into classes and sections, which would facilitate judging, and give more satisfaction. The difference in the appearance of the samie cow, when dry, springing or milking, was, as they all knew, conniderabloe, but if put into a class of her own with animals in the same condition, the work of the judge would be simplified, and his decision more satisfactory. He would have no objection to give a prize for the largest yield of butter from picked cows; then it could be ascertained if the largest yield was obtainable from grass or urti ticial feeding, or a mixture of both. He was delighted with his trip, and in his opinion, the cattle of the district could not be beaten. Mr. John Bladgory being called on, said he was not a good speaker, therefore he was slow to rise. He had come to the Kiana Show now for a number of years, and it always was a source of pleasure to himself ; in fact, he was pleased to go to all the Shows, but he thought it was a mistake to have one set of judges for a number of years. . Some people might think them prejudiced, and if the commit teeo would leave his name off the list next time, he would be glad. He would' come to the Show all the same, but simply as a a visitor, Mr. M Iiahon, being next called on, said he thought that the response of one judge in each class would have been suflicient, However, he did not object to the oppor tunity, for saying he was pleased -with his visit tb Kiamna, and delighted in riding along the noble hills and beautiful valleys. He could scarcely resist a smile when Mr, M'Kenzie was trying to mank the Kiama people boliovo their cattle werp the best in tlhe avorld HoIo was, no doubt, sinoere, but it was quite evident he had never beeni to Ulladulla. (Laughter,) , H had boen one of the judges of shorthorns, but his work in that class was light, as there were only some half dozen of exhibits, Swine, also, swere in his department, and the exhibits in that class were grandu , o liluch no, that he did not think Ulladulla could beoat them, In awarding the prizes considorable care was necessary, and they gave them coneeien tiously. If an error was made, it was not by intention, and lihe thought this was tacitly admitted, as in judging the twenty one exhibits they never heard a grumble, When is judge comes from a distance, and is not conversant with the exhibits, he,.as a rule, dooe his very best, and if he wore com plained of, lie would hardly be likely to -come again, . From Ulladulla they canme the more willingly to Kiama, as a numbe? of the Kiaima gentlemen came to every Show at Ulladulla, and it was only common justice to return the compliment. Mr. John Miller rising said he must cons-. gratulate the Kiama Association on the suen cessful show and its finanoial position, hav-' ing according to the President's statement £1000 to its credit. Comiing to Kiama was to him like coining, home, He ronem - bered the first aliow in the place, and the progress that had bohei made was very marked, for he fiever saw so many good cattle at any show ; and the same might be said of the heifers. If progress continues at this rate it would soon be neoessary t6 do the judging one day before the opening of the exhibition. He aoknowledged the oompliment of the .toast, and proposed " Oontinued prosperity of the Kiams Asso ciation." Mr. Dymook briefly acknowledged the compliment,. ir. Payno, one of the judges of butter, said -he was aware this was .a bad tiiu fur making buittb ; but.i ithout being oansori ous he wished to mention aa matter that might boe of practical importance to the dairymon, and to show that he was compo tent to do so he might say he had reooontly been to England, and was conversant with that great market, ivhloh paid two millions and a half per annum for imported butter and cheese. The same butter which only realises sixpenceo would in many instaneos realiso tenpecoe if properly worked and packed. Now, there was about twenty oxhibits of butter entered as fit for export, but ho was grieved to say that only one of them could properly be said to be fit for export, It requlirs to be effectually and much better packed. In less thanl two years overy eteamor of the Orient line will have its cold room, and 700 kegs bought here at 20s to 898 realised in England 9Oe, This shows that future effort must be In the direction of exportation, Dr, Tarrant said that having booas one of the judges of flowers and fruit he might be expoeted to say a few words, , The floral exhibition was good no far as it wont, but for a distriot like this, so well adapted for the growth of flowers, it was eaoooedhigly Amnll, and this, independent of the aunur.l exhibition, lihe thought was a matter for regret, as a tendency to refinoement invari. ably accolnpanied a tastoe for floweor. As rin old residenthlie spoke from personal hkiowledge, and he regretted that this re flining pursuit was not followed by many, and that not more than a doeon persons in the distriot had what might properly be termed a flower garden, yet a largo majority of the residents might have one which would mhko homo 'look brighter and more scheer ful by - poitding ia qisrtor of an hour or half an hour a day attending to it. For his own part he thought it so desirable to culti vate the taste that hie would not objoot to see i small plot set apart for the purposu in every public school ground, and a practical lesson on tho.subjeot of Iloriculture ouca" sionally given to the pupils, oia. had no fault to find with what was' exllibitod, hut in quantity it-was inot equal to the popula. ties oaft I.district, wiho ought to pay more attontlos the cultivation of flowers, SMrt, obart Miller being next called on said that previous apeakors had so com. plutoly oxhaustod nearly every eubjeoot tthat tho wind wae takeni out of his sail, and it was ImposslblO for him to follow ils the same track without repotition, But an hogwas on his foot lihe might make a romarkini roe forence to the inteoreolon al conferoinu' that had Just boolt hld in it lydney. It had passed noine resolutions of a useful and, astaonmnanllke characitor ' but it ,was to he rogretted that nothing 'atitfaotort had boon done in the matter of the thriffs, for there could be littld doubt that t uniformI tarilf in acsh of the colonies Would be an stop In the right direction, 'lMr, John Huanrahan being called on rlid a iidnstaio had boon meade Ii s calling, hire to hils feet, ho being beoymlid tlnhre ecore uand tuln, and there ,wre half a, dizelli othuri preorcuit who worn 'Sottnr worth Ic' r. bng than )imnolaf.. ,luiwovvr,. heis lehdsonefo retollectibon of lli( first rllow, 'Mr, slitusa MaoArthur, of. hImndet, wm 'its prosidnet, aild he roco?gluiod gintio nino or ten piornniis pirsont whlu tpsltl' nin native part ont that ooanbon, iFor some reason or other reogtt h1lighIWo follh.through, but thl fdoolety hlnd for some lime been thoroughly resuscitated and was noiw doing a good work. On one occasion that was fresh in his memory the presidesnt objocted to the introduction of politics, but he was a little more liberal now, and some had goine largily into politi cal matters. He, following suit, should therefore not be out of order, and he had no hesitation in saying the industries of the country especially those connected with agriculture, had thriven in spite of legislation. The Government was not willing to assist the people, and in his opinion it was chargeable with the present distress. if the proper means had been adopted for getting rid of surplus produce, which would not be a large undertaking, as there was really very little'more produced than wasnecessaryfor thecountry, and if we had wise legislation, there was no countiy could compete with this, and there was no district could compete with Kiaina, where hn had known 250 bushels of wheat to be [rown on five acres of land, 70 bushels of barley, and 00 of cape barley to the acre, and from 15 to 20 tons of potatoes; yet when anything was asked for that would facilitate agriculture, it was cried down in iydney, and the Government put its foot on it, If the resources of the country had been properly developed, asthey mighthave been by wise legislation, we might now be producing wheat, tobacco, wine, and sugar tufliciont to supply the half of Europe. Mr. G. A. Porter responding to a call from the Chairman, said he had known Kilma for the last twenty-five years, dur ing which time there had beon a greo:t im provement in the breed of cattle, and if a corresponding improvement in the breed of meni were attained, everything else would follow, (Laughter,) If agriculture were taken away, or by any means destroyed In any conntry, there was nothing left, and when obstacles to its development were not removed out of the way its wealth and prosperity sufibrod correspondingly. Elo rememubered when the hillsides around us only required tickling to produce abun dance, and bad butter was sold at 2s lid per poundd. This was made chiefly by the women and children, while the men con to?tod themselves with riding about, andi going once or twice is week to the harbour .with the produco, But this state of things had passed away ; wo'had now to compete with sciontific men and we must pit our selves oi an equality with them, if with our advantages of climate and soil we would toi BuccOSBul in that competition. Ho was pleased with the observations of Mr. Payne in regard to the home market and the manufaoturo of a good article, We want a market for our surplus, and it was befure ua ; but if we would retain and command that market we must make a merketablo article. A mtove has been made in the right direction, The beauti ful custard served at that banquet was made, he was informed, from condensed Amilk manufactured at the local factory. That was very satisfactory, and would ease the market to some extent, Then the co operative scheme bid fair to be a success but we required the same principle applied to dairying, and if we had co-operative or ansociated dairying conducted on scientific principles, we should then have a uniform iand much better article. At present thi thing was too easily done, and we were 'only one step in advance of barbarism, Major Black proposed " The Social and Moral Progress of the District," The Rev. 3Mr, Wilson responding, said he thought it was it mistake to ask hiii to espak lt such a mouting, eooing he was totally unacquainted with matters agricul tural, His present position reminded himl of an incidont. which once happened him, 'Ho was iakod ,by ' 'friend to look at a pig, and he did so; he was then asked if it was a good pig, but being unable to give an opin. ion, his friend said, " and you are an Irish man, and don't know a good pig when you see it." (Laughter.) However, he had been pleased with the exhibition, and he was pleased' to be present; indeed, ie felt honoured by the invitation of the comlmit tee he wished the Association suoceos, and hoped its progress during the coming year would be greater than the past. The eov. . 'Woodhouue said, perhaps it was inadvertently that his friend and colleague had not referred to the subject matter of the toast, or perhaps in the exor oiso of his wisdom, he had refrained from speaking on subjects social and moral, He, however, might say, that anything that would oontributo to the good and well.being of the community, would have his co-operation j and while his portion of the labour of life was devoted to the ex tension of the moral element, yet he was not indifferent to sooial progress, He hlad a little welakness, and pleaded guilty, to modest love of Florliclture, and his im pression was thatif this lovewere more gone. rally dilfused among the people, our workin the moral world would be more effective than it is, It had boon said that our happiness would be increased if we had more flowers, and this reminded him of a ciroumstanco which happened while he was in Sydney a fortnight ago. A ybung lady frlopd, recently married, sought his advioe in the matter of cultivating flowers, for she said, "I am anxious to make mine a model houseOtso attractive and pretty, that my husband could not find greater olsovwhuro, If this desire woro increased, minidsterial work would be lossenend, and he had no hesitation i ay. ing it was one of the most innocent and pleasing of occupationso He was pleased with the opportunity which had beon given him for imaking a few remarks on the presont occasion, and if ho could, he would assist anyone to develop a love for flowera, and should be glad to do no, .Mr, S. Marks, in a style peouliarly his own, proposed " The Ladlie". and it was respoundd to by Mr. T''MarsIhall, and Mr, J. W. May. ' The Ohnirman proposnaf?' The Prossa, assooiatiug with it the .name of Mro Dowling, of the Slldicly Mail, M Ir, Dowling repl d in a brief spoooh, and immediately t its concluslon, the mooting broke upc a little after 12 o'clock, 