| THE MACQUARIE STREET GHOST. ( Viae Caetoon.) Oh ! what is that spectral form we view, With glaring, goggling optics two, And shadowy outline misty white, That looms so large in the garish light ? Say is that goblin grim and dread Some restless shade of the mighty dead, Gome to revisit, with ghastly grins, The scene of its former crimes and sins ? Truth, 'tis a grisly, ghostly shape Which the folds of the musty grave-clothes drape ; ! It leers, while its glittering eye-balls glow, And beckoning, points to the realms below. | Nightly its noiseless footsteps fall On the sacred floor of the Council Hall, And members of Parliament squirm with fear When the grisly phantom draweth near. When Endor's witch of yore did call Dead Samuel's spirit to shew to Saul, And bid him gaze on the ghastly thing, It froze the marrow of Israel's king. E'en thus, up there in Macquarie Street, When the spectre paceth his nightly beat, And glares around with his awful gaze, He whitens the gills of the M.L.A.s. The Speaker, himself, grows pale with fright, And the hairs of the Ushers stands upright, And all are in terror and agonefe, Save one, and that one is Sir Henry P. Sir 'Enery glanceth a glance most sly, And he winketh thrice with his dexter eye ; His finger tip doth gently glide Up to his nasal organ's side ; He smileth sweet and he cougheth low, And he says to his colleagues — "Don't you know That the ghastly figure that scares ye all Is Forster, the ghost of the Council Hall '? " It isn't a spectre at all, you know Or goblin grim from the realms below ; It isn't a shape from the mouldy tomb, A dread forerunner of awful doom. "You can sleep your soundest, my boys, to-night, Secure in the thought that the dreadful sprite Which has scared the lot of you, great and small, j Is nothing but Forster after all »T is a remarkable fact, that although the average woman can never find time to listen to her husband's reading of the Parlia mentary debates, or to get an exact idea of his opinion about the Sfax and Boer questions, still she can array herself in a man's hat and boots, and decorate herself with a red skirt, and a black smudge on her nose, and then hang on by her chin to the back fence whilst her next door neighbour tells her all about the disgraceful hour Mr. Jones, in the opposite house, comes home, and what his wife says about her projected trip to his mother-in-law. Such is woman's life — when not " cleaning house," or afraid of catching the i small-pox. ' 