S$e little JMfot I WAtLAGE OF UHTJEN. 1 [By S. Tixick Blae*.] Brave old Wallaoe of Uhlan dwells ) On a castled ersg of the Draohenfeh. i Wkitc of hair and of beard ii he. Yet faoldeth his own light manfully: Oft and oft when hi* limbs wen ytrang, Ont from Us aoabYwrd his good sword sprang ; In castle hall, or in oot of thatch. With Wallace of Uhlan nonemighi; match. Tie brave old baron one day had heard The peasants round by a legend stirred, Of a ghostly lady, that watched till light In Keidenloeh Chapel every night. ' So to his seneschal qnoth he: j ' Go wateh, and tell me if such things be.' j ' My lord, I'd fain take many a. knock i Than watch is the Chapel of Keidariloch ; ? Dl stand tbe brunt of many a fight— Bat ghosts an another matter, quite.' Then np old Wallace of Uhlan stood, And atontly row'd by tbe hriy rood, Aad all things holy, all things bright, He'd wateh in the chapel that vary night. , 'With only a sword, from his oaatud rocb I Down he strode unto Keidentoch ; ; And with the twilight, dosk and brows, Deep in the chapel fae cat him down. Wallace of Uslen mttfaed awhile The pale moonbeams in the middle aitla. ^ The gl immer of marble here and there, '^ The oriel psmtinf , the dusky air. Onet life feet ?aomethisgdrtiw; 'Bats!' qnath tike bam, with sadden 'shoo :' Then from the stair- way's darkness bleak Bounded a most stapimons oreak. Out: from Une stair* way Is darkness cams1 & creak that aheuld ^t a (host to shame ! ' Spnite, I fancied, men airy matter ; Hush 2' spake the fan», 'now bare at her .'' Xto 1 the chancel was all aflame, And past the altar the ladj came. Sank the flame with many a flicker. Sill ever tbe darkness seemed the thicker. Wesrer and aaarer stole tbe maid— ? A ghastly phantom— a feazf ol ahade ? Bit blade old Wallace uplifted Ugh; ??Now, which is stronger, toon or 17' Butlo ! affrighted, the hay dread Saek through the chapel tamed and fled ; And batting after witjuoaoy a blow, Old Wallace of Uhtoa laid her low. Hie drew her into anosnlitplaaB, And gated undaunted upon (he laea— Gawd on the faee as pale and dread, And saw no maid, but a robber dead — The scourge of many a fertile plain, By Wallace of Ufalea lying slain. So op to hUoaette striding b*ek, ] He pledged ihe ghost in a cop of sank, Ana roared with laughter when from hit rook He looked to the Ohapel of EeidealoBh. 