THE BISHOP or SALLABAT ON SUSDAT. jisllop preached at St. Peter's on ® ar .jay morning. The text was I Peter, i., 25, "Tho grass withereth, and the Kower thereof fallcth away, bat the word of the Lord endureth for ever." He took occasion to refer to Archdeacon Potter's removal, and also to that of Dean Stanley, Mr Pirani, and Mr Dowries. The preacher dwelt on the permanence of tbe word of God, compared with the perishable glory of eartlily tliingB, as illustrated by the marvellous preservation of the Scriptures, and their perpetual power over the buman^ heart and character under all conditions. There was an excellent congregation. In the afternoon tbe bishop addressed the Sunday scholars and oihers at St. Panl's Church, taking for his text Matthew, xxviii., 19, " Teach all nations." The bishop sketched the history of missions, with illustrative stories of Constantine, Clovis, Boniface, Raymond, LyTe, and others. He showed, by the help of colored pictures representing the world in its heathen darkness iu 33 A.D., and the larger and far more illuminated world of 1SS1, A.D., how much had been accomplished in ofccjience to Christ's command. Turning to the missions of the present day, the bishop gave some particulars of those in China, and pleaded for that to the Chinese iu Victoria. He dwelt on the meanness, aud the danger, and above all the unchristian character of the practice of ill-treating the Chinese. In no surer way oould the young of B&ilarat; shut their hearts to tbe gospel, and hinder the work of their conversion. Much might be hoped for from converted Chinese returning to China. By their influence Chinese paganism might be undermined, as the conversion of individual barbarians in the time of the Soman iimpire, prepared the way for the triumph of the gospel over the heathen peoples of Europe. The address was listened to with the utmost attention by the children. £3 10s was collected. Iu the evening, at St. Paul's Church, the usual evening prayers (which were taken in the afternoon) gave place to a spL- cial service of confirmation, followed by communion. Tilers was a very large congregation. Hie bishop preachcd from Matt, xxviii, 19, 20— " Baptising them in tlie name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever 1 have commanded you." He traccd in these words the two stages which make up the Christian course: that of entrance, of baptism, and of instructed fellowship, which connected itself with the Eucharist. Some, like the Greek Church, obliterated this distinction by admitting infauts to communion; others, like the Baptists, by denying baptism to any but instructed Christians. Instead of thus wishing to close up the gap between these two stages (in the case of too many a very wide and dangerous one), it was better to bridge it over, as it was sought to do in connection with confirmation, which was intended to link the consecrated infancy of a Christian to the self-dedication of his maturer years. It bade candidates look back at the holy beginning of their life, and proceed in strong resolve to a life developed in harmony with it Affccting pictures were drawn of the contingencies that waited on the act of confirmation, and the candidates were charged to cross its bridge boldly and in earnest, from the stage of mere baptised professorship to that of deliberate, uncompromising fellowship with Christ in His Church. Thirty-two persons were confirmed, and 134 persons remained to partake of the holy communion. The special hymns were a noticeable feature of these impressive services. One was sung by the confirmees alone, the full congregation joining grandly in the final verse. Another was sung by communicants only, kneeling. The offertory was for the diocesan sustentation fund. 