&alf5; and ftoetdies. THE MTSTEKIOUS HOUSE. 'Luce ud room;-: weU-furnished ; good garden; healthy neighbourhood ; within easy reach of a railway-station; good boys' Kfaool sear ; not tar from London ; cheap V Thus, with something more dan * susUBaon nfnranihcf voice, my sister Margaret fan off oo her fingers the list at my requirements fora boose. I had just retained from India with my cnDdreu, uilns anxious to settle them comfortably before their father's return. 'Ton Taut every comfort/ coiitiuaed my sister, * nd yon drat want to pay for every comfort. I believe yon Angio»Iildiaiis tirink a-e live upon nothing in England.' Her husband came in as the spoke. , Turning to him, she no over again, with a, slight exaggeration and a deeper infusion of contempt, the catalogue given above. He took a seat. 'Difficult.' he said, oracularly ; * but it might be done. [ have it!' said he, turning to his wife. ?What? The right house ! Then yon are cleverer than I thought you.' [ ' Da yon remfmher tbx story Williams told OS yestoday ?* ' Now, James,' said my sister, rising to her feet, and looting at her husband severely, 'if r[ advise Eleanor to take that house, yon it on year on respoosibuity. I wash my hands of it' I ' Sit down again, Margaret,' he said. ' Be reasonable, my dear. Is there any sufficient : reason why Eleanor should not take that bouse? ?They one very good reason— she will have to do the house-work herself. So servant will stay a week.' ' She has an Indian servant at apyrate, who j most stand by hy her.' ] ? But think of v^-^Af of her reelings.— Ton emue, James. 0 yes ; I know von tains: me absurd. Very likely I am 'absurd ; bat remember tbiB — there's no smoke without some fire. Besides, I knew the last tenanta. Mrs. Green is not an idiot. She told me' ? ' Stay a mnmpnfc,' said my brother-in-law, nnd he addressed himself to me.- ? * Eleanor, tdl me die truth: are you a believer in ghosts* ' L-oes tfiis mean that the eligible house is ^nn^ojt * [ exclaimed, much fffrnr?n*1lfa''i by what I bad heard. 'If so, I will take it at once. Write to the agent for me James.' 'I do believe yon are all going mad, 'said my i worthy sister, holding up her hands in horror. | ? ' James, yon are a '''^^Ip man. 7oa know tiling* ought not to be done in a hnrrv. — Beanor, listen to what I heard from the last (jjiifjui She told tfff with iier own ''Pg ? it is tune of yoar Beamd-hand stones ' ? ?No,' I intermpted; 'don't teO me If tiuse is a ghost, it wiQ show itself. IF there is not, I might be »et **.TnH'g of your stony, I Sid miejifc ''»jnpfi it j or at lifflBt* ? -mtrtM-^inp j myself — 'I migfat be bettayed into teOhig somebody else. Somebody else might imagine a.5 ' ebhonte deaq-iptioa of the hanse, which bad ererytbhigl amid desne ; and be beUercd I could have it Cor a rait, which vas so small, considering its advantages, as to seem merely noip™^ 'The fact is,' be said, *thar principal object is to have the thing off tiLtczr fiftwim Xcnrots faave been thf1'*?^ *«'^ and some have not paid. The place has got a howerer, thint that if a respectable tenant comes and stays for some time, it *01 have a good effisct on die public mind. fiat, as fjbggaretaa^yaanu^caaottiiecoBt. Yoar servants wfll be snife to hear lie g)iaet-stofy. They will aee a good deal of the worfc yoorselL By-tbe-by, there is an oMnoeaeteeper, a Un. Weevil, who tires in the lower roomo.' ?Conldweoatgetridofherr Ismid. 'She might tefl lie serraatB.' ? [ am afraid tiiat would be *-si-r f»M tfian done,' be answered. ' Sbe has some claim. , opon the family. Bat they say she ib a quiet , aid eonl, who interferes with nobody. Von j migfat wain her, von know.: i 'Well/ I said, 'let as write to tie agent, . and see what can be done.1 ' The result of all this was **«»*. * week or two later, on a placid afternoon esriy in the month ot August, I drove up with my children, servants, and luggage before the deep porch of i one of those moderately sized conutry-hoaees ' which abound in the county of Surrey. Urns to be say home for the nest twelve months — servants and ghosts permitting. For once, description and the expectation that followed hard upon it were, I felt abundantly justified. My earthly par&dise; . was a. paradise indeed ; and joyfolly. on the evening of our arrival, I sat and. wrote to my { husband of oar good fortune. The house was beautifully situated, and was itself picturesque, ' with its deep porch in front, and the neat , balcony that snrmonnted it. It was an ' ixregnlBr bnilding. and its red brick walls were ' haU-emothered with ity and clematis. Beyond, the £'?**?' in front was a broad lawn, bounded : by the grand old beeches and elms winch form ' a belt round Lord B— — 's estate. During the : first few weeks, nothing happened to change I my good opinion of the house. There was one catcamstance I did not Eke ; ? hat t pecsnaded myself it was trivial, and tc | be affected by it prored idtra-fiensitinakesB ; liLtiilrn. I had been warned beforehand. Two of t^ra lower rooms were ocaipied by an old ' woman. She was a pensioner I was told, of ' our landlord'*. Many years ago, she had been j fooaekeenertoGomerelaln^ofhia, who lived insterosince. I wished toBeeherand have ] some conrexsatzoo with her. I ritfrhtw., in the first pUce, tint any one of whom I knew nothing should be in my honoe ; and in the second place, I was anxious to vatu her to keep the ghost-story (whatever tint might be) , secret. Hy three English servants were north-country girls. I bad taken good care that they ehodd be wfeer stnngen to tie ndghbonrsood; but I knew, if the possibility of seeing a ghost rae suggested to them, they would promptly make the possibility a certainty, and tuen my fraibles would I seat a polite mmi^t to Mre. VTeeril, asking for an interview ; and sbe came to my room. She was not a prepossessing woman. H-rage migfat be somewhere between sixty and seventy ; and as Ae dropped an awkwari courtesy on entering my presence, I felt she was giving me a homage which she did not pay milliner. I said 1 understood she had permission from the owner of the house to occupy certain rooms in it * Yes, ma'am,' she eaid ; * bat not from the owner as is the owner of the 'onse now, ma'am'. Sbe manifested, I thought, a certain Ql-concealed sultriness as I went on to ask her if she conld not be induced to find mfi*rwntr- n\ a ti4Hi fof hexscjf in some of the cottages on the adjoining estate, so as to give ns the house to ourselves. She stabbornly refused. * No, ma'am,' ehe went on say. * I am an woman as has lived here for nigh twenty yesre, and I never gives trouble to no one. I only wishes to be alone ; and I nwgpfr to stay, ma'am— yes, I means to stay,' I saw that it would serve no purpose at [tmsent to try to dissuade her ; I changed die convexsataon. I said I understood there were softie foolish stories current about the house being h*wntrW*j and I hoped, whatever die thought of it, that she -would say nothing to my servants on the subject. ' If your servants H let me alone, ma'am IH let them alone. I has no wish to meddle with any lady's servants.' I then permitted her to go. She was certainly no trouble about boose ; and As was very seldom seen either by me or the servants. She only went out occasionally, as if to make such purchases as her necessities might require, «Wjrnig the door of her rooms both in going and returaing. A monlii passed by. People in the neignboarhooa began to «^*H They all praised the house and grounds ; but they all looked mysterksa, sad erne and another hinted: 'You wont stay here over the winter.1 My answer was a smile. But the winter came. Flowers feded ; trees grew red, golden, brown ; and at last their shivering leaves fell to the ground. It was an early winter. In November, the cold was intense, and the days were short and gloomy. Many years had passed by since I had spent a winter in England, and I felt the cold very mnfflmg myself and the rbiMrpn in ^wnrf, keeping the doors and windows closed, and having large fires in the rooms and haD. In Bpiteof all I could do, two of them fell OL TT**3** filtm was not serious ; but ''wwip and looking after than gave me much to do, for their ayah (Indian muse) was suffering at the moment from a severe cold, which rendered her almost incspable of helping me. Such was my position when, one morning, my housemaid asked to see me. I knew what tfriia inaaiit ? sBtd was not surprised to besr that she intended to leave us that very day. Her mother wanted her, one said. I asked her mother's reason. She was impenetrable. I oBered her higher nges. Sbe said, tremUmdy, that she would not stay if I were to oner her a hundred pounds. [ began to perceive thai the news of the ghojb*b-ry had got abroad; and I asked her if there was anything the honse of which she was afraid! bra to this question she was dumb. I said I wonld see her again, and sat down to think, with my sick chad m lap. Even while I was tfainJcinK there *»'»»«* a kmcsiat the door of my room. I cried out, 'Come in ;' bnt my heart sank. Iff cook was at die door. The gjrl who helped in the kitchen and boose vas behind her. Both looked seared, and amuunced that they were going. I did not know what to do. To gain rime, t ordered them back to their work. I had no money in the honse. I eaid. The bank, as they knew, was some miles distant. They had no right to leave me without dne notice ; in fact, I wonld not let them go. So I said, and hoped Oat they were quieted for a time. Bt Late Out evening, tbe ayah came to me witii consternation in her face. AH tbe three English servants had left me! By that time the children were in bed, and everything was stOL I bade the ayah go to her room witii the younger children, and after locking my bedroom door, sat alone, thinking I had passed an f-wfring day. The night was chilly ; I was tired, and not very wet That the warmth of the nre and the comfort of my favourite kmngiiig-cbair shaald presently canse a delightful sense of indifference to all and every annoyance, need not be considered wonderfoL Ajb I sat there, I gave vay to the pleasant comsnlsioii. and was soon, I imagine, fast asleep, I say 1 ?«'»gi'*J bcranw there was no witness present ; and ot what we do, or wbat we don't do, in that strange indefinite border-land of sensation which separates waking- time from eleeping thne, we ean never be perfectly certain. So far as I know, I slept for some considerable time. It was the sensation, I believe, of my feet wasdng cold tbat first loosened the bonds of slumber. While I was in that semi-coneciotis state, which has a peculiar discomfort, I became dimly alive to the fact that there was in the room some presence other than my own. There was a movement— a stirring in tile air, as if same creature had come in. The events of the dav retxtmed to my memory, which was still only half alive. I Btartwi np, rubbing my eyes. Cor I could not be at all snie that I was awake and in my right mind. When I west to deep, I was alone. Yes, certainly. But even if it were not so, what etange {ale bee was this now earing »* me across therfimly-lighted awoe of the shadowy ram? r^t-thalf-awake. My oerve. wee m kn esatsd etafc. The ghost in the hoase had been my last eowrions idea. And new tin strange face, which aeeaed to be advancing oo me ant of tile gloom, was it a creation of my own fancy! Or was it some one playing a trick upon me? In a»y ease, aw wasmy time to btaom the mystery. Trying to be courageous and gsUur my wits together, I advaocai Tbe bee receded, and pased into die deeper shadow, till it appeared to be suddenly swaBowed up in the draperies of Hie heavuy curtained window. I nmhed forward, but was not swift enough. Before I tonfhrdtiiecartaina, the face had disappeared. I was certain, however, perfectly certain that as I drew the curtains open, I felt whMjiii t to my hand, and at the same time «g*atof colder air rushed against my bee, as if from an opened wicdow. At not, I felt as if about to taint; bat my wil eortanafcely, was strong, and I t&rew; tiae curtains aside, and put my hand on the window. It was dosed. I tried the bar, which could only beOxed from the inside, and it was ae I had left it early in the evening. At this discovery, my agitation overpowered me, my head swam, and £ fainted, when I recovered consciousness, I was lying in the broad recess of tbe curtained window, and I felt a trickling tip**-' qq my forrehead, and suspected, what I afterwards found to be the case, that I had struck my head on some article of furniture, and was bleeding. This involuntary blood-letting bdpeu to revive me, and I sat up. For a few minutes I remained partiauy stnnned and bewildered. I felt a creeping n-^reii+wMi, as if I had been struck by a frost wmd. After a while, my heart bezan to beat less audibly, and I rose to my feet At that moment tie embers of tie fire suddenly sank into tbe bottom of the y I ill n ' ' li^g up a faint flickering light, which was absolute cheerfulness as contrasted with the horrible semi-darkness that had hitherto prevailed. I felt my courage returning, and managed to ring the bdL The ayah came, alarmed tin* I should bare CDBunooed her at an. hour when she supposed I had retired to rest I did not ten her what I had witnessed, only asked her to light a candle. She did so, and as the light fell upon my face, ehe game a slight scream. I had forgot at the moment that Hood was trickling from the wound I had received, or I should not have asked her to light the candle. As it was, I had to make the best excuse I conld in answer to her in-pii»jff- I said I must have slept long by the firs, and in moving about the darkened room bad fallen and hurt myself. The wound, however, was bond to be a mere scratch; and in a few minutes Ute ayah had succeeded in removing from my face all marks of the disaster. lasted her to leave the candle with me, and allow me to retire to rest She did so ; and after the door was closed upon her, I proceeded with tbe candle to examine the window more minutely. The myatery was as mnch a mystery as ever. The window had certainly not been opened by any one, and no trace was visible on tbe walls of any pdssibe means of egress or ingress. I bit more nervons laian ever, and was about to turn and quit the room altogether, so much' did my fears oppress me, when something lying on tbe floor within the recess attracted my attention. I stooped and nicked it up. It was a small very frail in Die texture, as S half -rotted with damp or age, and adorned with a peculiar kind of embroidery such as I thought I bad seen before, but could not recall where. On one edge there was a hem; the other three edges bemg irregular and jagged. Et looked like a a piece of doth wrenched oat of s, garment by tbe foot being suddenly placed upon it I felt I bad made a discovery. Returning to the fireplace, I aatdown to think. It seemed dear tome now that my visitant, however he or she bad enacted an entrance, was no spirit. This piece of linen was certainly not lying there when I had dosed and barred tbe wmdow for the night ; nor conld it belong to the apparel of any member of my household. It was not unlikely that it was part of the loose garment of dingy white which I now remembered my strange visitant wore. I am naturally strong-minded, and gradually began to recover my composure. I Bail to myself : ' I shall find out the secret. The first link of the chain is between my fingers. I never before heard of ghosts bamping bits out ot their drapery, and no doubt the ghost I saw had been nearly as much afraid as mvself when I «o suddenly approached it, and bad not got away without a little flurry. This accounts, too,' I thought, ' for the resistance which I felt to my hand when I first laid hold of the window curtains.' 1 was more than ever persuaded that a trick was bemg played upon me. I did not feel, hooever, as if [ could sleep in the room that night. If my visitor was, as I suspected, a mortal like myself, there was no saying what he or she might be induced to attempt, should tbe desire of revenge prompt a second viait. My life was not safe in such circumstances, wnen a barred window and alocked door were not sufficient to protect me from intrusion. I resolved for thai night to occupy tbe bedroom I where my two eldest children slept, which I conld reach without disturbing the rest of tbe house. I was about to take up my candle and go, when I imagined I heard a sound behind me. In my state of nervousness, [ started, and had almost dropped the ?**«'! I' I looked towards the window ; bnt the curtains bung motionless, and vnt parted as I had left them. A thought struck me. B my visitor were to retain after I bad retired, bow should I know? I pondered tbe natter a IitUe, and then proceeded to action. Trickery must in this case be met by trickery. I went to my workbox, took out a red of thread, and drew offa few yards. There were curtain fasteners on each side of the window, about two bet from tbe floor; and these I stretched and Kiadc bat the length of thread, so that no one eaavl enter the room bum the window-recess iatae ran of the night without «,- ...in ? ? I, I-— I in. the trad banner I bad oSbA^S^ooiI afford me tnffideot nftvf. as to whether tbe privacy of my sleeping-room bad scam ban invaded. Taking op my camdfeW tbe bit of dsth, 1 then pastel ouKtlvont. loddnc the ooorot tie room, aad carrrfuTte keyVUh me. I felt myself Srongef mttelresMce of my chfliren, and a™ managed to fall asleep. -7V- fteemKatefcrf «ai AmmjJ. 