doll SHOW AND FANCY FAIR. J.he vory groat ouccoss attending this unique affair has osusod quite a stir iu tho city aud suburbs, A groat many oouatry paoplo aro also coming to town to enjoy tho uovalty, whioh bids fair to be ae muoh talked about as m u jaxniDUion, xestoraay over 4008 parsons paid for admission, and ta-dny wo have co -.doubt that the throng will far exoaed tils figure. We observe that tbo multi- tcdlnous useful aud ornamental articles brro dlaplayod aro of a vory suporior I hind, and. ronlly below tho Molbourno i shop prloss; while nt tho stall duvotod to l uionzos, art manufaotnres, and nrtloluo of I vtrtu, aro to bo found sums of tha very I choicest things whioh havo boon imnortod by I toreien oxhibltors, who have indeed boou vary I gecoroua iu making tkciio valuable donatious I Th„ , of !?oh,, desorving ohnxitia?. I Tho attending this ut-11 arc | im st Indofatigahlc ia their eff orts, and intslli- I gently oxplain tha uses ol thoir race and uovol I wores, Indoed, no fanoy f.dt has I over boon so woll mauogod by l idios as f Ul« pno is. and thoir exertions, wo I aro glad to boo, aro mooting with duo | reward, Tho ilowor stall is moot profusely I supplied wltu the ohuioost plants a .d llonois h!.'wr'"',La0£M'u"i"di"i; aft9; . vw W. U1„ vucy DllOUOrt, While 1 AUurs Bruniilug and Sous1 Ui.Un\aA I gftrden hns botin mado to yield IU troar,a 1 niso, ir.o ftru trco gcovea ara a vory »brikfrjK I ietl F in 0 room« H"0 ono «'f D-vwH'a I Oftlutiost of snshrluiog more h&AutUul; I BipMce tlmu evos were found auiour Roinaiv | daughter. These obllilren of tho sua, piiily 1 chatting and sparkling round their muBt I Elxobla of qufleiif, aud aurrounrtod by r.he I feathery forts, pres;ut a bawituhinj .obti«. I which many a mansgor of fairy oxtrnvugnnzi I might nrvy, J . At tho other ond of tho room will I bo found the best Riohordaon'o Show I uompany that has oyer performed la Mai- 1 SuU-,,f!"— ?®: 10 ,yml may have a ootnpioto nud I thrilling tragedy ennotod in ton minutes, Tho 1 noting in firat clua?, and tho drotnou qcu of a I r6!0t,.! ,n ,ni:ldDm s»en. Opposite oto the I heautilul and instrnctivo tableaux vlvants by tho i deaf aud dumb pupils. Tuis is a show j which no i one should miss nosing. The depriva. tion of tho two Bonass nppsurs to have In. oronsod tho power of mimicry punasied by these poor youths nnd maidens. They simply present tho finest living tableaux wo hive over had in Molbourno, and they aro all well and corrootly dressed. Tho Telephone Conoort Room 13 throni-sd i ovory oveuiug, Music is cravoyod from tha asylum, thrso milos away, by moms of clso- H''.,!1!"' " vcty haPPr thought csiab. Iirhing this in a ooparats room, and it li mn,t I amusing to hear tho exprrsilons of dollgbt sud 1 wondor from tho huudrada of people who flick: there. Moreover, such o thing hca nu educa tional teiidenoy.iiiid brings tho telephone beforo I thousands who might U6var oiharwlsa become I Hcquamtcd with its mnrvels. I .r-f.h0 <n ohsrga of the refreshment stalls I i- i , end of tbo bally wbioh aro oup« I Plied in profusion wifcb tho very best brands of | liquors, &o;,, &c;,, ai well as Rxcellont tsa and j colfeo und paatry,dij not lleeoo fcbirafc wayfarers, but givo full change; while tbo fair vendors of | things wbioh aro not vory portable, suoh as I iVr1 r0"' "hdcrtoka to doliver by oarrler. I VVo had nlmoBt forgotten ti mantioa soma ! P10 beautiful birds, lucludtug a wonderful j booboo caught lu tha Pacific Ocoan, which fevub,5?a, P"soiited by Mr R. 0. BaKot. Theao birds nro vtry valuable in kllliu garden peatp, and thoy look vory pr«tt7 running about lawns. No gentleman' plaoa Rhould be with out one. Tney arc meeting with a very rapid sale.tbereforo earlv .imilin xfinn ahA»i.i it I by tboae who want thorn, I As a proof of the great atlraoHons offarod to | the public on Saturday last upwards of 7000 | persons paid fur udinla&ioo.; Toe scene was I eomething beyond dosorlptioa — balconies I crowded, and tho floor epuos ono mass of ssstb | ing humanity. I Tho fortune-telling ncoomraodation was found quito lmulficlent on Saturday, no tho Spanish I . !PBy Goorga Eliot's well-known poom I 1'PC" tue oampnny. and did n largo sharo of I business. Aznoona established a tsnt ia the I couth baloony, whioh was thronged with iadlos j anxious to rrad tho stars, To-night sho will bo I assisted by ffedsllco, tha handsome lUuchter I of tho Spauish Glpay. Ia addition to tha | many other attraction a grand proGeadoa of I tho combined dramatic companies and the I t»Jesux oompauy, togotbur with thogipaios, 1 will take place. A Fmall nooiety of ghosts I scono tineDKd lontl variety to the J Professor's Hamilton' dslinoatiou of cha- I ractr adds greatly to the attractiveness of tho I l»ob«ra of peoplo 'nightly pvesontlng ' I themselves for examination, I Wo nro not aurpriaed to loam that io con- I sequence of tho astonishing succoaa of this nffir I »« Pnaotprs think of keeping it open soma I little time longer 