S1XOJ) OF GRAFTOJX AXI) A JIM IJ) A IF. The following is the address delivered by his Lordship the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, at the meeting of the above, on the 3rd instant:— Once mors my brethren, Clergy, and laity representatives of this diocese, are we assembled as part of Christ's holy Catholic Church to take counsel together en such matters as may be brought be fore us, either concerning the temporal or spiritual needs or welfare of that dio cese to which we belong, and once more it is permitted to me as your Bishop to preside over your deliberations. My absence from the diocese was pro longed by the anxiety that I was under to be well assured that I could return with a fair prospect of being able to re new, at least, for some time, the work that had been committed to my charge. My visit to the home country was, as you know, not long premeditated upon, and not prompted by any desire of personal ease, but a cause of sorrow to me. And yet, had it not been as it was, I am not one of those who consider that a Bishop of the Church in the Colonies is in any wise bound uever to revisit the home country, or under no circumstances, but those of age or infirmity to resign his See. 1 consider that, notwithstanding our easier means of knowledge of what is go ing on in the Church at home, than existed formerly, a personal view of the move ment or state of religion and religious things at home is not only desirable, but very advantageous, or even necessary for us Bishops, Clergy, and Laity. More over, it is well that sometimes they who by experience know the state of the Church here should let our brethren know some what of that which otherwise they never are likely to know so well. I would that we all had the means, at intervals, of feel ing directly the kindling warmth of zeal for God, and that which is God's, which is a very marked feature of these days in the home country. To return to the old country is as the visit of a child to its aged parent, and may he as profitable if accompanied with due filial reverence for You will naturally expect that after my visit I should say something to you of my impressions of the Church at home, and I shall do so. Whatever we may he called, or call ourselves, as a branch of Christ's Church in this land, I am very sure that there is no one of us but looks with affec tionate regard aud interest towards the Church of England ; bound as we are to her by » common Book of Prayer and by unity of doctrine and discipline, we must ever feel that her spiritual interests are the same as ours, and we shall watch with the deeper interest all that happens with her as indirectly, if not directly, affecting ourselves. Any wave that has its origin in her may be long ere it reaches us, but it is sure to reach us in the end. Now, it was not possible not to notice the great increase of zeal and activity iu every kind of holy work that was visible throughout the country'. The clergy are doing active work, aud what is notable is, that they are often most usufully helped by all ages of the Laity, and that the Church is gaining ground and obtaining a hold upon classes of men who in days past were, if not absolutely her foes, at best, were alienated, or stood aloof from her, giving her but a cold support, and too ready to lend favourable ear to the voice of any charmer who would lead them to oppose her. I do not mean to say that her very in creased energy and influence have not raised up new foes or old iocs with new faces, aud arguments, both new and old, nor that those things in her have not embittered all politico-religious opponents who naturally and correctly judge that zeal in the Church in her work is likely to strengthen her hold on the hearts of the1 people, and so to be an impediment to the carrying out of their schemes and theories as to the relations of the Church to the body politic, becauso I think that with some there is an increased hatred of the idea of a National Church. No one could be altogether unaware that there was Bide by side with a growth of faith and devotion, a very serious growth of unbe lief, and that an immense work yet re in titis to be done if ever the masses, espe cially those of our manufacturing towns, were to be rescued out of the hands and bands of the Evil Cue. The more reverential care for the Houses of God in the land, and for the reverent celebration of Divine Worship in the humblest village Churches, was re markable, and [ may observe that cer tainly the average tone of the services in the Parish Churches in England is not more than reached, but rather fallen short of, in the services of our Parish Churches in this Diocese. As for excess of llitnal ceremonies in the Churches, I may say that the Churches where such things are done, are rare, and that the Public Wor ship Regulation Act does not seem to have checked it in many cases. A matter more dangerous to the stabi lity of the Church at home as a national Church is a growing sense among the Pa rochial Clergy of a spirit of encroachment by the Parliament, upon the rights of the Church, whose ministers they are. The new Burials Aot, by which any one of any sect whatever many claim in England a right to officiate at a funeral in the Pa rish Churchyard, should the relations of the deceased desire him to do so, has created a sure which will not, I should think, be easily healed over. The sting of the Act was increased by this, that Church yards provided quite recently by the libe rality of members of the Church were not exempted from the operation of the Act, and thus while the sects have obtained freedom from Church rates they are al lowed the use of the Church yards, which the Churchmen provide and keep in order. I should not, however, myself feel this so much as some seemed to feel it. It would perhaps be rather a relief not to be called upon to read the Church's burial office over one who might have died as he lived out of her communion ; I wean that the idea of the office being manifestly in part that of an office, said by one having a personal interest both in the deceased and in the mourners, the curate would be relieved by some one else taking the office or any other office; but the real sore seems to me to be this, viz., the principle upon which the Act was defended and established, which, I confess, appears to mo, by irre fragable logic, to undermine the tenure of all Church lands, and of the Churches themselves, for it was passed on the prin ciple that the Church of England holds her Church yards, not in her own right, as other land owners hold their lands, but as from the Parliament, that they are national property which may be dealt with as unalienated crown lands might be dealt with here. Now it is true that this Act does not affect us here, rather we are too often called upon, while we are regarded as a sect by the country to bury those who, for any reason no othor body will honour, as they suppose, with Christian burial, and the assignment of an atnple apace for the burial of their dead to each body of Christians, hinders any desire of encroaching upon each others burial grounds. Yet it has made mo fear for our Church lands here, so as to doubt the security of tenure of any land held in this country for religious purposes. They being grants from the Crown might, it seems to me, at any time, be treated with as great, if not greater freedom, by any Parliament. I may here, I think, properly remind you, my brethren the Clergy, that, by a resolution in the House of Assembly, no more grants of land are to be made by the Executive for religious purposes, to any religious body whatever ; parks and race grounds, and agricultural show grounds, and landB for so-called School of Arts, are to be alienated for the public good, but religion not, I suppose, being in j these days and nations, accounted a pub lic good, is to be excluded from any such help, that being now discovered to be a form of objectionable endowment; not of a dominant sect, as they account sects ; not of a particular branch of the Christian Church, but of all religious bodies toge- i ther. I do not know that we can offer, my brethren, any valid objection by way of argument against that resolution as coin ing from a body which, in its corporate capacity has certainly more religion, and seems very anxious to retain a reputation j for that distinction, but it is an open question whether it be aot a questionable 1 policy, merely looking at it as a matter of Stale policy, to attempt to do so small an injury to religion in a young and open country such as ours is. \ot I think we Churchmen may smile at the resolution, when we call to mind what the amount of the grants of land for Church purposes wore of late iii a country were land is sold nominally at £2 an acre, but really at five shillings, and five per centum on one pound, and fifteen shil lings as Jong as the mortgagors are not strong enough to deny the right of that payment. We need not fear that our members will ever let our body need as much land as the Government granted for Church pur poses, and I shall presently call your at tention to a scheme which may, if pro perly carried out, prove useful to meet the ' consequences of this scruple of liberal minded statesmen an an endowment, not, be it observed, of one body of Christians, for, however small or insignificant the body, the grant was equal in area, but of any religious body of any creed whatever, by a grant of one acre and a half of land! < As there are a great many grants of ' land for which Trustees have been long B"° gazetted, and the deeds of grant pre pared, only waiting to be asked for and paid for, and as some Trustees have re- i ceived notice from me thereof, some as far i back as the year 1872, it will be well, I think, now to close our transactions in - those relations with the Lands Depart- ; tnent, by obtaining what I presume will i not be denied us, viz., the proper convey ance of lands that have been granted to ' us for churches, parsonages, or burial grounds. I would here inform you that since this address was written, 1 have received in formation that the Act to appropriate to irreligious purposes lands granted by the Crown for religious purposes has received ! the sanction of Her Majesty's advisers at home. Au act of sacrilege, whatever some may say, and which cannot but meet with ! its due reward. May wehope that they who ! are thus liberal with our property will be as liberal with their own, to replace what : is taken away from the Church of God. Let me observe that our Diocese will suffer least by this appropriation to secu | iar purposes of land granted distinctly for religious purposes, as our share of any t profits arising therefrom was certainly not ! the lion's share. | Let me now pass on to the Diocese it j self, and firstly as to its conduct during my absence by my Commissaries and ! »icars General. I should not be doing i them justice if I did not, as I now do | thank them publicly, as I have already | expressed my gratitude to them privately, : for the zeal and care that they displayed I in the exercise of their offices. I know j well what the labour and anxiety of a Diocese is, and can, therefore, duly value j their services so cheerfully and continu j ously rendered to us. To the memory of one, who acted as my Commissary and Vicar General for nearly one year, I desire to offer a kindly tribute, aud to speak of him at least with that affection which I should ever wish to have to all my brethren in the Priest hood in the Diocese. It is not quite two years since, as my Commissary and Vicar General, he presided over the first session of this Synod, and he did so, as I heard with the approbation of you ail for the courtesy and discretion that he exhibited in the exercise of his presidency. Per sonally, 1 always found him to be a sin cere friend, a man of good sound common sense and judgment, and of tio mean ex perience or knowledge of the ways and tone of thought of colonial life. 1 would express, therefore, in every regard my sincere sorrow at his removal. In the course of the last year an Act was passed by which a change was made by the legislature of this colony in the law regulating what is called Public Edu cation. As this change will affect one or more schools in this diocese, I propose to say a few words upon it. I have, you know, on a former occasion spoken upon the subject of education as conducted, not assisted by the State, as taken out of the hands of those whose province it is, and put into the hands of State servants, and I do not intend now to go into the subject again at any great ength u was not to be expected, least of all from the circumstances under which I learn that the new law was pro posed and carried, viz., an opportunity seized upon for a change when the minds of the people were agitated, it was not I say, to be expected that any change for the better would be introduced in the matter of providing for the most real edu cation of man as a Christian—that is, by a really religious education, by which I do not mean a mere knowledge of certain dec nnes, but religion as fitting man for his highest happiness, the drawing the soul out to love God's truth, and laying a foun dation for the building up of a Temnle which is the Temple of the Holy Ghost ' I do not see that in this new Act there is any real change for the better ; it seems to me. so far as religion is concerned in our State Schools, to leave the matter much what it was, so that in this respect the oratory of thoBe who, some years age went about fly-blowing the country with their views of education, has not had great effect. It would be well if we remem bered to our sorrow and shame that it is partly, almost entirely, our divisions that have brought upon ns this evil of a system of education or instruction which is devoid of any determinate creed, and however plausible the scheme may appear tiow time will surely show the evil effect of it' upon our people and nation. Thatacoun | try, nominally Christian, cannot institute | a system of instruction, grounded on any i higher foundation thau at best Deism, is : indeed a sad contemplation. Speaking of our divisions as Christians, \ it is not to be expected that the rights or wrongs of that matter should be discussed here. The change in the law is this, that our Denominational Schools are to be extinguished, so far as State aid is concerned, however well conducted, bow erer much approved of by the people, however successful in their results, they are no longer to receive any help from the public purse : that we may regard as the result of miserable agitation and ferment mainly moved by persons outside ! of our body, but also actually helped by some professing members of our body. They were anxious to strike a deadly blow at Home, and liave killed us witli the same sword, so doing a lasting and a cruel injury to our branch of the Church of God. As for the Church of Rome, T have al ways held in this matter that whatever any Government might choose to do about education, that Church would never seriously suffer, unless, which it is hardly to be imagined that any Government short of a tyranny would dream of, un less, that is, compulsion were extended to compulsory attendance of children of all creeds at Government schools. I cannot advocate that the Church of Home should be allowed to have her de nominational schools if we Churchmen are not to be allowed ours. 1 consider that we are sacrificed with them to a false theory of education, that whatever some, calling themselves Churchmen, may say about sectarian education, we, who hold by the Bible as (where any doubt arises) interpreted by the common consent of an tiquity, and by tho Book, of Common Prayer, as not containing anything con trary to those Scriptnros, we are made to suffer for those who are endeavouring to reduce Christian Education to, as they think, a perfectly philosophical theory aud practice. The children of the larg est, much the largest, body of Christians of one faith in this country are now to be, whether we will or not, except entirely at our own cost, educated without any in- , culcation of religion beyond Deism. Jf we accept, as we ought, our position, as the Roman Catholics will their's, and establish our own schools on a truly Christian foundation, we are taxed to pay for a system of instruction which is con trary to our real principles, and which has been established mainly through the energy of a part of the people who are numerically small but politically ener getic. We need not expect, that the Roman Catholics will, as a body, ever send their children to schools where their own reli gion is not taught ; they know the truth that the Christian religion is traditive, I not to be discovered, as some among us I seem to imagine, by people or children j for themselves, out of a few bare elements, j but to be inculcated in youth, to grow with our manhood, and to be in us as a support when we die. In the course of a year or so Roman Catholic Denomina tional Schools will Lave ceased to receive State aid ; will they cease to exist ? Not at all. Will those who desire so much to remove the teaching of the young from the Clergy of that Church be gratified by seeing their desire accomplished ? Not at all. The result obtained will be this—a class of schools will be established in this country, over which our paternal Govern ment will have no control whatever, and could not, without sheer tyranny, claim or exercise any control. While, where that body cannot support a school, the children of Roman Catholics will not be sent to the Public School. Objection will be made on conscientious grounds, which will hardly be forced, and if com pulsory attendance be not enforced in one case, how is it to be enforced in any other 1 Although, then, I have before spoken on this subject, and although the position of matters, as regards Public Education, is but little altered, I still wish t.i say a few words, by way of warning, aUjut the instruction of our own people. Men seem to be run away with by an idea of educa tion being uusectariau ; aud of however little use it may be for me to do so, and impossible as it is, I know, to explain and defend my protest, as a Bishop of the Church of God, I no protest against this use of the word uusectarian by Church ' people, as if they accepted the Church's i teaching to be sectariau. If any one believes in the face of tho j teaching of the Holy Scriptures that our I Blessed Lord ana His Holy Apostles in tended the Church to be a body of men holding all manner of diversity of doe trine, and having no communion and fel ! lowship one with another, then to such a | person all Christian teaching whatever l may be sectarian ; but if a person be I lieves that our Blessed Lord left a body, and the Holy Apostles strove to build up a body which was one in faith, and I that as that body embraced the different j nations of the earth, Natioual Churches became branches of the one body, having their own rights and laws, and not ori ginally subject to any other National Church, nor to the head of any other such National Church, then they believe in the existence of a primary body with a fixed faith and discipline, and that those who are in any branch which represents, or is, an original body, are in tbe Church, and of the Church, so long as they con tinue in it, and they arc not in asset, nei ther is the teaching of that body sec tarian. Such a body is the Church of England, aud it ill becomes her members to give leverage to her adversaries by speaking, and much more by acting, as if after all they belonged only to a sect. With some there is a fallacy, apparently, that, as all sectarian teaching is distinc tive, they may simply convert the propo sition and say that all teaching iB sec tarian. Others seeing that all sects are Protestant, convert that into, all Protes tant bodies are sects, a very suitable ar gument to pnt into the mouths of Roman Catholics, but not to be owned by us Church people. We are told in the new Education Act that the words " Secular instruction , shall be held to include general religious teaching as distinguished from dogma tical or polemical theology." It is not clear whether the " or," in tins definition, be used connectively €>r disjunctively, whe ther the words ** polemical theology" are meant to bs interpretative of the word dogmatical, or are to represent a differ ent notion ; but it is a rule of definition that it shall be clearer than the thing defined, which this certainly is not ; fur ther, that doubtful or ambiguous words should not be used. One may surely be allowed to ask, where does general re ligious teaching, as distinguished from dogmatical or polemical theology, begin or end ? Dogma, we know, is tho state ment of positive truths in religion. Is there any religion without dogma I Dog matical theology can only mean the science of exhibiting clearly and of tracing to their results the doctrines taught by revelation. It aims, says the dic tionary from which I am quoting, it aims at forming a system which Bhall be accepted as binding by a large body of religionists, and their views, all j religious truths in the light of that sys tem ; all this, therefore, is excluded by the Act, and such a teaching, however j i many passages of Scripture may, by a I j colourless selection, be employed in the | Heading Books is not, cannot be, a Chris tian education. It may even be doubted j whether the use of God's word, under such circumstances, does not very nearly : bring it under the low estimate of that holy book taken by the secularist proper. As for polemical theology, if by that is meant questions of faith, disputed by any ; calling themselves Christians, our general ; religious teaching must be narrow enough. Truth, then to say, isnotthisgeneralre- ] ligious teaching, a phantom of modern ere- < ation, asort of political " Will oftlie Wisp," j which, as fast as you think yon get near its apprehension, shifts its position, and I leads you away into new and unknown realms of darkness 1 Would it not, therefore, have been better, more open, | more clear, to have said boldly, " IV e are a legislature which recognises 110 particular form of the Christian faith, we are dealing with money which is drawn from people of all persuasions, and we cannot fix on any one of these forms as j more fitting to be taught to all in our , schools than another. We will, therefore, j simply take such steps aB will euable us, according to our view of education, to . make people good citizens ; to that end we will teach them that are sent to us what we think necessary, but we profess not to teach religion. Let parents and priests see to that; ours shall be secular education, pure and simple, not by the use of the word secular, meaning a denial or the affirmation of another state of be ing after this life, or that this life is, or is not, a state of probation for another." To me it seems that it would have been | better boldly to have taken up that posi tion, not that I assent to the principle of i such an education, but that I believe that we have now the shadow without the sub- i stance, the letter of a religions instruction ' : without the spirit or life of it; a dead I hand given to the schoolmaster, with ; i which to point out the true way of life. ! Those who have opposed a system of i education or instruction,expresslysetforth ; j to be without religion, or purely secular in I a generic, not specific sense, have received | a sop in the new definition of Secular Edu I cation, while those who looked to intro I ducing a purely secular education of the I same sort, know that practically there I will be no religion taught to interfere j ! with their principles, j The result is that our Denominational Schools are to be crushed, and whatever I their value might be, at least they had I this, they must have been a security to I our children's parents that their children 1 were not taught anything contrary to j their own faith. If, as we are told by a celebrated Baptist preacher, that he at > tended a Church of England School for , some years, where, presumably, the Church ; Catechism was taught, and, therefore, ! the duty of man to God and to his neigh | hour carefully taught, and yet that he ! carried not away as much religion as would ■ (according to the phrase) go into the hollow of his tooth, although far be it from me to say that the school was uc i cessarily to blame, for my experience of j life is that men often blame Schools and ] masters for their own indolence and want 1 of application, yet, if that were all that j could be obtained at such a place, it will ' not surely be difficult to conceive the ' amount of religion which will be carried 1 away from our Public Schools from *' ge neral religions teaching as distinguished ■ from dogmatical or polemical theology." One feature in the system I am glad to ; see still preserved, and only wish that it were by our circumstances a more practical boon than it is, viz., that one hour a day, under certain stringent restrictions, the : Clergy may visit the Public School and I teach our own people's children in their ] own faith, the Church's faith, or they may j authorise a lay man or woman to do it. j That would, indeed, compensate for a ' good deal that ib otherwise objectionable ; in the Public School system, if it were possible that it should be done every where, but, as far as you, my brethren ; the Clergy, are concerned, it is not possi- j ble, owing to the size of your districts, yet it should be done as fav as possible, you ought to avail yourselves of the per mission to give distinctive religions teach ing—teaching that ts dogmatical,forall po sitive truth in religion is dogma, and you have a positive, an objective faith, not a mere subjective idea to communicate to them ; the young are to learn something j to take hold of, and which takes hold of them, unconsciously perhaps, but still takes hold of them. Yon need not (did any one ever in an elementary school) teach polemical theology, in the sense of stuffing children's minds with objections and obscure points of controversy. A less controversial source of teaching than the Church Catechism could scarcely be found ; it goes on the ground of an as certained faith, which, when planted in intelligent minds, will grow and bring forth much and good fruit. Your j teaching should ha systematic, not on vague generalities which slide away from the child's grasp, and it must be confirmed by the Scriptures, and them alone. In these, viz. : the Holy Scriptures, and the Church Catechism, and the Book of Common Prayer, you will find ample scope for intel ligent and pleaBant religions instruc tion. If you cannot obtain the help of good religious minded lay folk to visit your schools for the purpose of teaching your little ones in their faith (and how much the Church of Rome gains and our Church loses by disregarding this kind of help, or by branding it with evil names, one can easily see), why not get some sim ple form of printed book, and lead up the parents to take their part in teaching their children, as they ought, the nature of their Baptismal promises ? I also think that it | would be well, whenever practicable, that the Curate of the district should gather together on any week day, afternoon, or evening, the children of his flock and the ' parents at the Church, or, if that cannot he done, then the parents alone, and to make a point of giving some simple, but i not superficial, teaching, in place of, or in ! the form of, a sermon. Many of our elder folks are lamentably | ignorant, not only of dogmatical or pole : mica! theology, but about the very first j elements of religion, and become thereby ' subject to be led away to forsake the ! faith of their Baptism, and to submit ! themselves to any false teacher who ' touches their feelings ; and we may be I sure that the elders, being better taught ; in their religion, the young will also be I come more stedfast, better instructed in 1 righteousness, better furnished unto all 1 good woiks. I have but little to add now about this new Education Act, only it seems to me, and to many others, a very doubtful ' question whether any Government ought to undertake such magnificent schemes, not only of so called elementary instruc tion, but of the highest class of instruc- I tion* aud we may be certain that in due J time heavy taxation alone can possibly ! enable those schemes to be carried out. ; It is hardly likely that I, or even the youngest amongst us now, will see that day. If at home already complaints are made by persons of weight iti the matter of Public Instruction, as to the character of the instruction given at the public cost, in schools similar to our Public schools -, we may in time learn that public element ary education may be made the subject of theorising, and of expensive theorising, to the cost of the nation, for the aggrandise ment of a few. . The next subject to be spoken of is one which has been always a great anxiety to me during my episcopate, viz., the gene ral finance of the Diocese. I hold that indeed the burden and worry of that de partment ought not to fall on the Bishop of the Diocese ; the very earliest constitu tion of the Church after Pentecost shows that it waB a burden notfitly put on those whose duties were essentially as ours, spiritual; and, to relievo mo in part of that burden, our Diocesan Council was in stituted, certain powers and duties were assigned to it, and it has met ^regularly for business, and, as far as possible, con ducted its work in a proper form, has al ways rendered me every help in its power, and my thanks are due to its mem bers from its first institution. But, what ever arrangements w« may make, it is merely commonplace to say that they are utterly useless if they are not supported and carried out by the Diocese in general. We meet here in Synod, and we pass canons, rules, or ordinances ; but, if they are set at nought by the districts or pa rishes affected by them, why should we ask either clergy or laity to inconvenience i themselves or their people by coming hither or anywhere else to meet in Synod. Synods are agreeable meetings no doubt, ' but they are meant to be effective for busi i iiess, not pleainre; they are either helps I to the establishment of the Church on good foundations, or they are a mockery of a thing which is one of the most ancient orders of the Christian Church. I am particularly anxious to direct your atten tion to these matters: First, as to the payment of the stipends for the clergy. Secondly, the payments to the General Fund. Thirdly, the Synod expenses. And now as to the pavment of the sti pends for the Clergy. With a view to putting that upon a good basis, a canon ; was passed 111 1873, to provide a body called a Parochial Conucil in each dis trict, which should be authorised for and charged with the collection, &c.;, of funds in its district for the purpose of paying through the Diocesan Council to the Curate a minimum sum of £50 quar terly, and to pay to the General Fund of the Diocese £10 per annum. To help such districts, as would form such coun ! cils to pay their Curates punctually, I i undertook to advance out of my own | purse a sum to each such Council equal to one quarter's stipend of £50, or as as much as would with the stim then t payable by the State in a few districts in I the Diocese (there is not now) raise the 1 quarterly payment of the Curate to £50. | The following districts received this ad i vance from me—Armidale and Tamworth, ! £25 each ; Grafton, £37 10s. ; Bundarra, I Glen Innes, Narrabri, and Walcha, £o0 ! each ; Port Macquarie, £L2 10s. ; Kemp sey and Inverell, £50 each afterwards | from other sources. The account of 1 these advances, on March 31st last, 1 stood as follows : Bundarra and_ Glen i Inues have had an advance of £25 each ' since the 4th of April, 1878 ; Grafton, £37 10s. since 11th of April, 18<7 ; Tarn worth, £25 siuce 20th July, 1870; ln rerell and Kempsey, £50 each from the 7th aud 9th of Jan., 1881, respectively. Of all the districts thus helped it is only just to say that the district of Narrabri has steadily and punctually maintained its repayments of the advance first made, so that it owes no more than that sum now. But what shall we say of payments to the General Fund throughout the Dio cese I Why, that £10 14s. represents the amount paid by the whole Diocese 111 the past year to that fund. \- either of these pSotisVre puTt!. any expense for horses or carriages, nor are they required to keep up any special appearance before the world, while no Curate of this Diocese can work hiB cure except at considerable expense. Can we then reasonably espect that men who could, by their education, ob tain a fair income in almost any other profession, will offer themselves for the Ministry of the Church \ The income of a Wesleyan Minister is, in a considerable i town in this diocese, I am told, £220 a 1 year. Is it not rendered more unlikely j that able and fitting men will enter the Ministry of the Church if, as is not unfre ! quently the case,the minimum guaranteed I stipend is not only not paid punctually, but I is actually witheld altogether on very in ' sufficient grounds, such as indeed would not be deemed just in any other employ ment T If a Curate does not neglect Ins duty in that cure in which he is placed, surely he is worthy of his hire ! It may be that everyone in his district does net exactly agree with him, but I know not, unlesB we are to raise some new test, what further guarantee as to teach ing we can justly require of Curates than that which exists at present. It may be said that a Curate is, from some cause, what is termed unpopular, if so he is indeed, a subject for our pity, es pecially should it be an unpopularity not I reallv deserved ; but if those whom lie j serves allow that feeling to show itself in their treatment of him, are they not move to be pitied than he since they otter a premium to that which may be the greatest snare to the man himself, viz., to sacrifice sumo principle, or to make him self unreal for the sake of their favour ? Do they not allow themselves to look in matters spiritual, as indeed too many do, to the person or party name rather than the office of the minister I Indeed there is too much of this spirit among us, ren dering the administration of the diocese by the Bishop doubly difficult ! If it be a Scriptural appointment, that where men are to be cither brought into, or having been brought into it, are to e kept in the Christian faith, the Church is ' to be superintended by Bishops, why should we find our appointments mis trusted ? If a member of our Church does not in some matters agree with me or the per son nominated by me to a Cure, is it im possible for him to conceive that others might agree with me, and disagree with his or others' nominees ? I csn only, my j brethren, do my best to find clergy for j you ; tliey are not so many that I have any great choice, and would not the > true way to help the Church be to wel come anyone within the lines of the Church's authorised teaching, where he endeavours faithfully, perhaps labouri ously, to do his duty 1 The opposite con duct is of the very essence of schism and sectarianism. Let me not be misunderstood. I do not mean to say that the unpopularity of a minister necessarily implies a fault on the people's side, or that it may not be a real fault on his, but only that I fear a great many laymen look with very severe p scrutiny upon little weaknesses of cha racter which are not sinful though they may be obnoxious in a Curate, but which they would overlook in one of themselves. And when that comes to a withholding of the promised stipend, it is very difficult for me to see what to do. Thus I am from time to time asked to remove Cu rates from their charges, as if that were as easy for me to do as the way in which the makers of such requests would dismiss their hired servants ; whereas, the truth is that, as a Bishop of the Church, I cannot, if I would (except for such causes as would justify the deprival of a clergyman of his benefice in England) remove a Curate holding my license under zeal. A Bishop may he able to persuade aCu rate to resign, should he find him as repre sented in any way unsuited, to the best of his judgment, for the Cure which he holds, but if the people do what the Bishop cannot do (because he must act according to law), and adopt the starving | out process, it leaves the Bishop power i less, and the body that so exercises its power lies necessarily under the imputa tion of ungeuerous dealing, and is by so much the less likely to obtain the ser vices of such a Curate as could be desired , as a successor. Now, this state of things is often de fended on the ground that the Curate was not the people's choice, and that, therefore, there is more excuse for the ! course adopted, but I am unwilling, : though it is not always possible under i the circumstances of some districts that I a voice should be given to the laity, not J of election, but of approval as our canon i I has provided. Had not the canon proved so hard to work, owing to the great dis : tances which either the one or other of i the bodies concerned in the approval have : to couie to meet for that purpose, I should ; have proposed the application of the . canon to all parishes. On the whole, I '■ 1 see no better course to adopt where the j ■' cauon is not in force, than that which I j ; have adopted since its passing, and which i i will guidemefor the future, viz., toconsult j so far as I could with some of the chief j residents or guarantors, as representative j I men of the district, before I finally ap- j | pointed. I I have bees asked more than once to i j permit a clergytnau to come to a Cure on ! trial or approval. It is a course which I j unhesitatingly shall refuse to adopt under j auy circumstances whatever. Could I, iu justice, or with due regard to that self respect, which everyone in the high office of the Priesthood ought to have, send or ask any one to go to a district for a time, as men buy a horse upon approval 1 What would be the real worth of any man who submitted himself to such a trial i Nothing but having the Tory lowest idea of the Christian Ministry himself could lead any one, I should think, the one to make or the other to accept such a proposal. I must then, my brethren of the laity, once more urge upon yon the punctual payment and liberal provision for your Curates. It cannot really be that we, of the Church of England, are not able to support our ministry, while a compara tively small, and certainly less wealthy j body, such as the Wesleyatis, are able to support their's. What is needed is a lit tle more zeal and heartiness for our own i religion. It is not enough that one or j two in a large district should be appointed j to, or undertake the work of, sollection ! for the Curate's stipend. There must be I several centres, and some must undertake J the office, knowing, and yet not likely to : pay too much heed to, the many excuses ! which men make, under the voluntary I system, against subscribing to the main tenance of their religion. I cannot ask V«u to show the same zeal as that of those who belong to a sect, because that zeal, for the most part, comes out of a sense of 1 fancied superiority, by choice election or birth, over those who are in the old way. But, although I ask not for the same kind of zeal, I ask for an equal warmth in the I Church's cause. To withdraw a Curate from a district, because the stipend is defi ; cieut, is a course which I am most relnc { tant to adopt, and yet 1 fear in some dis : tricts of this diocese, if there he not some j change, it may come to that ere long. ' The next subject is the payments to ; the General Fond. I have to observe I that for some time no district whatever j has sent any contribution to that fund. : It is simply impossible to carry on the j work of the Diocese without some such j, help, and every parish was, by the Paro ' chial Fund's canon, called upon to fur nish £10 » year towards that fund. From time to time I have, in Synod and out of Synod, tried to move the clergy of the Diocese to some energy in this matter. Assuming that there are seventeen Paro chial districts jo the Diocese, the General ] Fund unhelped would only, if all paid as | directed, have produced £170 a year—a , very small sum wherewith to meet the : many calls that are constantly rising up in ' a young and scattered Diocese, such as ours ; but had the sum been doubled, as it might easily have been, it would still be j too small for the claims upou it. Now this ; Fund must not be nursed to sleep as it i has been, but nursed to strength. Tiia Diocese has not been overcharged in the ( twelve years of my Episcopate with sub- | script-ion lists. Little has been done in its : corporate capacity ; each district has al- ■ lowed itself to look at itself, and itself i alone, and forgotten the whole body ; it : lias been thought sufficient by too many of us that the Ministers' Stipend should 1 be provided (if it were provided), or a . Parsonage or Church built, but forget ting that it is by the working toge- j ther of all tha parts, and each contri- , buting its due share to the power front ; the head that the whole body is ' moved and works easily as well as ■ healthily. The last payment to the Ge neral Fund, and the only one in the year 15580, was the sum of £2 10s., sent from j ivempsey, in the year ending March, 1881, 1 and ill the year 1877-78 the sum sub- i scribed by the whole Diocese to this fund was £C>2 8s. 3d , Glen 1 tines, Kentpsey, and Arniidale being the only districts paying as much, or nearly as much, as £10, Grafton paying £2 10s., and Taiu- , worth £8 i»s. But this General Fund , lias been made to hear the hurdeti of | every charge necessary to carry on the i work of the Diocese, and, as it is not re- ' plenished, it is now exhausted. We have had to treat what we had of it as a Gene ral Fund, or, perhapB, one might say, a ' generouB fund, or, at least, a Fund gene ral, like the general religious instruction of which the exact character could not be defined, and therefore might be made generally useful. All Synod expenses of 1876-77 were taken out of this Fund, and that for this reason, that in spite of our canon of Assessment of Parishes for Synodal expenses, and in spite of re peated applications to the different pa rishes for the payment of the sums at which they were respectively assessed, next to nothing was contributed, one of the largest and most populous, and many smaller parishes of the Diocese, paying absolutely nothing. No report was pub lished of our Session of 1879, and we could not advise our Seoretary and Treasurer to incur the responsibility of printing any thing preparatory for this Session ; what ever has been done, has been done at my expense—trifling indeed in coBt—but also at the labour of my Chaplain and myself. I trust that the members of this Synod will see that this is not proper, and that no report of our proceedings can he pub lished this year until a sufficient portion of the Assessment for Synodal expenses has been paid, and that parishes not con tributing their assessment be not allowed any share in the published reports. I am aware that by so doing, we shall seem to fa vour an ignorance of our rules, which is al ready too great, but other means may bo adopted to prevent that, though we all, I suppose, had rather that the Diocese should not have justly the reputation en deavoured to be fastened on it in my ab sence, of being disorganised and demoral ised. Beyond those expenses already named as having been necessarily charged to the (leneral Fund, the interest on the mortgage of the residence at Bis hopthorpe (otherwise the rent of the house) and the interest on the cash credit for the improvements and the In surance were paid out of this Fund in 1877-78, except only ,£10 paid in equaL shares by Buudarra and Uralla, and £1 donation from a resident near Armidale. As I am speaking of Bishopthorpe, let me mention the pecuniary position in which it has stood, and stands, in relation to the diocese and myself. The house was ori ginally rented for my occupation on an understanding that the district in which I resided should provide the rental fixed then, if I remember rightly, at £90 a year. After some years, the house and lands attached wore offered to us for sale on these terms—part payment in cash, and the balance to remain on mortgage at 5 per cent, for five years, the Rev. S. Hungerford and I being, for legal purposes, joint tenants ; the cash payment (£275) was made at once out of a sum which had been originally in tended to go towards meeting the ex pense of building a resideuce for the Bishop, and the balance, with the con sent of the proposed Trustees, was paid j by me in 1878 out of the capital sum of the Bishopric Endowment Fund, whereby | the Rev. S. Hungerford and 1 have in j law jointly become mortgagors of the | house to the Trustees of the Endowment | Fund for £700. After that sum was paid in 1878, until the Iioubb was let to its pre I sent tenant in 1879, the rent, at the > value of 5 per cent, on £700 was, prac j tically, paid by myself. At present the i house is let at a rather low reut up to 4th May, 1882. I propose, after tlrn expiry of that terra, to offer it for Bale, and out of the produce to pay back the whole of the mortgage and cash credit, and of the sum origiually provided for the erection of a Bishop's residence, the balauce to bo put to the last fund. Everything con sidered, we shall do well to part with that [ house. T am not unmindful that by thus selling Bishopthorpe the Diocese will not have any residence ready for my suc cessor ; but if the Diocese is prepared to meet the necessary expense of putting the house into good repair, with the view of I letting it to a tenant on a repairing lease ' for a term, I have no objection to that being done, but the state of tjie house is such that it would call for a considerable sum to he expended upon if to put it into tenantable repair at almost any rea I sonable rent, and 1 do ' not think it | just to myself that I should be hardened i with the expense out of the small income | provided for the see, of putting a house I into repair; which I venture to 8ay has | suffered■" none but the most moderate dilapidations at my hands during my te nancy. The Bishoprick Endowment Fund is at present in the hands of the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney, as a deposit at interest of live per cent., and produces £405. It will be transferred to the Trus tees on May 7th, of this year, to be by them invested, but no investment has yet been found, and, at the present or pros pective ordinary rate, it will, it is said, be very difficult to find a safe investment at even 5 per cent. That may reduce my income so seriously as to make it a ques tion whether I can continue to administer the Diocese. The fund would have been transferred to the Trustees three years ago, had they been prepared to invest it; it was put as a deposit account, on the understanding that by the end of the year from the day of its being put as a deposit an investment would be found. My leav ing the colony may have hindered that purpose from being carried out. It is not necessary to say more on this subject now ; if any member of the Synod re quires further information, lie can put a question to be answered at my discretion. In a former part of this address, 1 spoke of the ignorance of our people of the rules and ordinances laid down by this Synod, and certainly much ignorance does exist, and no little forgetfulness of what I have said,especially on the Presentation Canon. I have to repeat that the greatest embar rassment must follow if, in this Diocese, when a vacancy occurs in any cure, Clergy in other Dioceses, or iu this Diocese, are invited hy laymen, especially by members of the Parochial Representatives' body, to seek the Cure. Our Canou is very dis tinct, and it gives the Bishop of the Dio cese for the time being, not the absolute appointment of his own nominee to the Cure (which some still think would he the best course), but it does give to the Bishop the nomination absolutely, but tbe power of approval or rejection to a certain ap pointed Board formed of a Synods Com mittee, and the Parochial representatives of the Parish of which the Cure is vacant. The Bishop is to consult that Board when he summons it, but he is Not to be askkii to name any one to a vacant Cure before he lias consulted with and nominated to the Board. My brethren of the Clergy, I trust that you will boar this iu miud and check, as I believe lias been done, and such course as that which would introduce into this Diocese a system which renders the head practically powerless in a matter of the greatest concern to him, a system essentially republican, and peculiar to cer tain Protestant Sects. Were any sucli system introduced into our Diocese, I should consider twice before I continued to preside over it. A question has been raised (I find hy the correspondence handed over to me us having passed between my Vicar Oenoral und a respected l.tynitn in the Diocese,) as to the | powers of delegation to me or my Commissar]- by the Parochial representatives of their voice in the ap ]Niintuient to a vacant Cure—whether a majority only of that body can or cannot delegate their power. I have no hesitation in saying that a majority of the Parochial representatives cannot delegate their power. The canon is plain, and no mere majority could, un less allowed to lie so by tlie canon, which they are not, Ikj tlie Parochial representatives. What is more. 1 I should not ut all desiie that such a sure element of discord should be introduced into the wonring of the I canon as would lie if a hare majority of so small a body could in so important a matter put aside the judgment of the lesser part, it is easy to cuuceive the consequences of such action if the objecting mino rity were disposed to raise iiis voice publiclv, or rally a party to Ids own side. tin a former occasion, it was my intention to have spoken to yod on tlie subject of Temperance. and I am auihms now tofitllil that purpose, and say what 1 failed to he able to say to you then. That drunkenness is a very prevailing sin ol our day, no one can doubt. That"it is also a sin, a pro pensity to which is handed down to the sinner's pos terity is also an ascertained fact, although it may be sometimes fancifully strained to too remote relation ships. As (old has given all consciences, an inherited propensity does not remove moral responsibility. That it is also a sin, like uncleanncss which debases the man, devastates the soul, alienates the spirit from tiod, and ruins mind, body, and soul, everyone knows, and even the poor wretched slave to it often owns to be true. That it is also preralentamong persons, who in their position ought to be free from any such sin, is also unhappily true. N'ol the being in a positiun of resiwinsibility, not even that of sitting in judgment u pon others has been, as it ought to have been, a secu rity against it. Humes are desolated by it, wumcn are degraded bv it, for how can the tender love of a w ife justly estimate the nature of her husband's sin. Home might, but how few do or canf How can the wife point to the father as a beacon for tlie children t u avoid y Witli poverty and ruin before her, she still palliates or cloaks his sin ; it is his weakness and so forth. This apologising against conviction is a luwring tiling i it lowers everyone who indulges in it. And onr very journals lend a hand to that too, as if it were to be looked upon as a tolerable evil. Fine words are used to hide nasty truths ; the penny a liner cannot speak or write simple saxon : the plain word "drunk" is "inebriate,"and a drunkard is cha racterised by tlie silly round-about phrase of a too-de vuut worshipper of It&cclius; ; the fearful penalty, deli rium tremens, fs spoken of familiarly without any shudder or shrinking as "the horrors." The thought of these things is sad enough, surely, to move uuy of us to fear and tremble while we stand, lest we too I fall. How shall the prevalence of this sin be remedied ? \\\ liat are the best steps to that end i Those are ques tions more easily asked than answered. You cannot hope to abolish sin from the world, lie who took and taketh away the sins of the whole world did not do that, neither can we. But we may do our best to mo dify the evil. How ? X think tliat our best course is, besides endeavouring the slow cure of the habitual sinner, to take some steps io save the rising generation and ourselves from the power of the temptation, as far ns possible. I cannot, as a Christian Bishop, talk to you as some do, as if total abstinence were the sum mit of virtue, and the moderate use of what some so ignorant!]* call " alcohol" were the abyss of sin. 1 bold that such teaching as it is false, so it is most in jurious to the cause of true Temperance; tossy, as men sometimes do say. that they who use wine with out abusing it are worse than those who use and abuse it, is a statement which can only be listened to w ith patience by those who cannot distinguish fanaticism from sound reason. Temperance, moderation in all things, luxurious or natural, is the Christian rule; teetotalers are often guilty ef intoxication by tobacco. We know, indeed, that there is a stage in this sin wrouglit disease for which, under God's sjiecial inter- ] ference, which we are not to expect, total abstinence is the only likely cure, the only safe-guard, and not 1 even that will save by itself. We want to implant in such a man a deep sense of his dependence on (tod's grace f..r strength to resist his besetting sin, and to in duce him to ^avoid scenes and occasions which may lead him to it. We want faith in Hod made quick in him once more ; faith in God as a personal (tod, living to lielii and save his creatures, with a prayer ful, humble, habitual remembrance of his former self, to keep him from presumptiotisness. We want to implant in such persons an abiding sense of Cod's om nipresence in love as well as in wrath, to restore, it may be by slow degrees, but still to restore such men to a proper sense of self respect, and ourselves ever to remember that any light view of the sin of drunken ness on our parts, any looking upon it as if it were natural, and, because natural, excusable, and not a doing of despite to the Holy .Spirit of God is, in re ality, to put a stumbling block in the way of others, either in recovering themselves when fallen into the Iiabit, or being alarmed when they tind themselves in a single act of excess. One great danger I liave al ways apprehended, viz., lest when the one deril of in temperance and its companion spirits of ili-temper, lualice, dishonesty, uneliastity, and discontent (for drunkenness is seldom Jong lonely) have been cast out, we should find that the means adopted have been so far successful, but have left room for as great, if not greater, evils, viz., the spirit of greediness of gain, of self-righteousness, conceit, or. perhaps, gluttony, or excess in some other indulgence allowable enough in moderation. It is because of these things, and that there Is a Society in the Church of England, and of it, part of her bodj-, guided by her moderation, and look ing to tlie Holy Scriptures and the practice of the whole Church in the matter of Temperance, that X have determined, as far as lies in niv power, to help the formation of branches of the Church of England Temperance Society in this Diocese. At home, X am confident that it has done good. I do not ask nor wish those who do not belong to onr body to come into our Society, lint X wish that the influential laity, and all my Clergy, seeing its moderation, would throw all their weight into it, join It themselves, or at least support it, and to let their young ones join it, that i they do not, after what has been said, mix up in their minds two very different ideas, viz., the encourage ment of liabits of temperance in all from the earliest days of youth to the grave; the recovery of the fallen by religious rather than worldly or human motives ("which tilings represent the Church's view), and these that follow the opposite view. The en forcing a theory and practice of total abstinence, under all circum stances, as true temperance, or that to promote real Temperance, it is necessary to rail or abase all in excessire use of wines, beer, or spirits. Tiie fanati cism which talks of the sin of Christian ministers offering wine at the Holy Communion, as if it were tempting our fallen brother, is almost too contemptible to be noticed, except to show liow ctiriously history repeats itself, that modern piece or I'uritanism being only a renewal of an old heresy in the History of the Church, which records that some calling themselves " Encratites," counting themselves seemingly more righteous and pure than the one Xiigliteous, celebrated the Holy Eucharist In water rather than wine. This last thought is almost too dreadful for any reverent mind, and could onlv, one would suppose, arise out of a mean and unintelligent view of a Sacrament of (tod's ordaining as a means of gTacc ; but still there it is, and there we see the latest conclusions of some of them that teach that Teetotal ism is a virtue—temperance a vice. I propose to call a meeting at Armidale at an early : date for the purpose of explaining the principles of tlie Church of England Temperance Society, and to do the same wherever f am asked in my visitation tour, and I hope that you, my brethren the Clergy, will yourselves break the grounds for the planting of this useful and sensible branch of reformation. A very valuable and carefully considered Act has been passed in our Parliament affecting tlie appoint ment of Trustees for lands and real property belong ing to the Church of England (so called) in this Dio cese and colony. By it not less than three, nor more than five persons, not necessarily members of Synod maybe chosen by the Diocesan Synod to act as Trus' tees, in whom all property, real and personal, of the said Church, may be vested; their names are to be notified in the Oo(TRxaz.vT Gazette, under rny hand, and, tliat being done, they become a CorjKira tlon. iiaving their seal, with all legal powers, of such a body. Lands vested in me, as Bishop of the Dio cese. or any of my successors, iqxm any trust for the Church of England, are to be deemed as vested in ine and my successors. Any pro|ierty now vested in me or in any other Trustee or Trustees, may, with con sent. be vested in the Corporate Trustees, and, if death within twelve months of the formation of the Corporate body hinder the consent of one or more Trustees being given, the Bishop may give consent as for him or them. Express trusts are protected, ac cording to the duly made directions and appointments of the Synod, under Acts 7, William IV., No. 3, and 8 "■ I v No. S (commonly called the Church Vets) becoming incorporated tinder this Act, will be treated so far as the purposes of the trusts affecting tlie same under tlie said Acts, or either of them, as if it were a Church vested in the Bishop of the Diocese as sole trustee. Vacancies in the Trusteeships arc to lie filled up by election by the Synod of tlie Diocese and the filling up is to be notified in the Government Ga zette within a fixed time, under my hand. Anv rule or ordinance made under the Act of 30 Victoria [Church of England Property Act) relating to tiro iwrty brought under this Act must, within three months of its being made, be recorded in tlie Supreme Court of this colony, and will lie held to be prima facie evidence of such rule having been duly made Such are briefly the provisions of this Act, and it is and will be, X foresee, of considerable value to us and I should propose tliat all our Trusts, as speedii'v as may be, should be vested in this Corporation when it is created by us. The continual shifting from their residences of the numerous Trustees of Church pro perty in a Diocese like this, has led to endless trouble and confusion under the old Acts ; indeed it only re quired a moderately clever obstructionist to study the Acts i XV. IV., No. S, and 8 W. XV., No. 5, a little to enable him, if any irregularity had been permitted' to render the working of them nearly impracticable' The people having Trustees under these older Acts will lose nothing by using this Corporation, as the Trustees' Churchwarden is under this Act to be chosen as he was when the Bishop was sole Trustee The special business of this Session, if it be brought to a successful end, as we trust it may, will make it in tlie annals of the Diocese one of the happiest, if not the happiest, of our Sessions. Let me call yeur at tention to the first matter. It is the proposal for the establishment and future maintenance of a Clergy Widows' Fund in this Diocese. It will come before you primarily as a proposal, but not to be shelved or extinguished again by any reference to any but our selves ; the longest ]M,stpontnient after we have agreed to the general principle will be its reference to a Se lect Committee, to prepare an ordinance in pro]>er form, to lie passed by the Synod at its present Session. So far back as our first Session, now nearly eight years past, this subject was moved, and in 1874 a re port was made and discussed In Synod, and referred to the next Session, since which it has almost, but not quite, lain dormant. Let me say what was done. At the General Synod in 1875, the subject was brought forward as to whether it would not be jiossiblc to es tablish, not Diocesan Associations for this purpose, but cither a general body embracing all under one or ganisation, or at least a Provincial Association. In that Synod, I did what laid in my power, and was helped by others in a Committee to consider the fit- I ncss and feasibility of such a scheme. Considering that although the Church is parted into Dioceses, pre sided over by Bishops, that |iartltion, it has always seemed to me, ought not to divide our common inter- ' esta; it is the spirit of isolating ourselves as Dioceses I that hinders so much our real strength. AVe are mem bers of & body, not limbs cut off by our diocesan or ganisation. A common priesthood, Prayerbook, and discipline tie us together, and, having these common interests, it is not necessary nor advisable for each to I stand aloof from the other, but rather to act as one Church. if the mother Church could not join us, at least the Australian branches should form one Asso ciation. The report of the Committee was not at all such as to discourage the scheme through any evident impossibilities, but nothing was done, or has been done since, in that direction. During the debates J suggestions were made, not only for a provincial 1 scheme of provision for Widows of Clergy, but also 1 that older Dioceses ought to be ready to take in. upon properly valuated terms, those Dioceses which had been formed out of them, and the late Bishop of New - castle intimated to n.e his willingness that our 1 bo wse should be permitted to join the Society formed in the Diocese of Newcastle. 1 had alwavs hoped that some such arrangements would be made, and in \ the year 1677 a formal proposal was made on our part to the Synod of Newcastle. It was considered by Y'at Synod, and the result communicated to me in duly, 1678. Their conclusion was that "the Svnod is of opinion that, in view of the difficulties" which surround the question of amalgamating the Widow and Orphans* Fund of the Diocese with a simi- I lar fund in the Diocese of Grafton and Ar- ■ tnidale, it is not advisable to entertain any proi»os&l; for such an amalgamation, and that the resolution be , Mini vuv ICdvlutlVU Uc ( communicated by the Secretary of the Synod." it was i rather a long phrase for a word of two letters, aud at i the time that I received it I could onlv iodffe ! v— « received it I could only judge that we were poor and they rich, for such difficulties as must arise in any such combination are practically easily overcome—the terms rested with them. How -"-"j «»vlw»u»,--wic bciuia ictiieu wjui iiiera. JIOW eyer, there was no nrguing the point; the Bishop himself was not present, or, if present, I think taking no active part in the work of the Synod, so no further move was made in that direction, and I am not sorry for that now, if we can bring the present scheme to a sound maturity. To use a like metaphor to that used in the resolu , —— - auvmjuiwt W HUM UKU lli UIV fVOOIU* tion just now read to you, we can now view with un alloyed pleasure the rejection of any idea of amalea tnatinn u-itli *■!>.-. LA..,) ; i • 3 . .* * . . —— *;• v,,v iwjWMuu ui ou; luua ui ftuuurai mation with the Fund raised for widows of clergy in the Dioeese of Newcastle, and see if the one proposed to us is not really a plan more desirable and quite as easily carried out as any yet existing in the Dioceses of N. S. Wales, providing a uiore reasonable allowance to the widows of tlie Clergy at a very slightly larger rate of payment either by the Parson or the Parish. The necessity for such a provision is, I suppose, ob vious. Our Clergy, as a rule, are married, and what- I ever may be argued for the other state, aud it is as I »Tong to depress the character of tlie one as it is of 1 the other, there is no fear I apprehend of the world, 1 as times go, not being sufficiently ]>eopled by reason of the great number that would voluntarily choose a ! celibate life. Experience shows tiiat the married i auuws uiu me numen state of the clergy is one generally favourable to parity of life and piety ; it is the rule of another large branch ... 7" '..^ • " 01 ouge uraxicil of the Catholic Church, viz., tlie Greek, aud a widowed priest is not allowed, in that body, to hold a Paro chial charge : nor is there any proof of celibacy of i the Clergy being compulsory in England before the j eleventh century. But the married state of the Clergy must he more expensive than that of an unmarried j clergy, and our own people prefer thru, their clergy 1 should be married, and the contingencies of life mav . result in widowhood, and such widows ought toj hie ■ provided for. Now one can hardly suppose that the : principle that the Clergy should be helped in making some provisions for their widows by the iaity need be seriously discussed. Were the incomes of the Clergy , such as could fairly be called liberal, leaving a margin for saving, and yet living not in luxury, but in reasonable comfort; had tlie calls on them been small. it might be that such a provision as is now contem plated would not have to he considered by us: but, as things are, it is almost a necessity, it is proposed, therefore, to establish a rund to be known as the fund of the Clergys' widows in the diocese of Grafton and Ariiiidale. The ^method proposed by which to raise this Fund is—First: That special annual collec tions shall be made in every Church in the Diocese, and that should be done in every place where a Cu rate holds Divine Service or administers the Sacra ments in public. Secondly : By tlie annua] payment I of. £6 by each parish, or ecclesiastical district in the i Diocese. Thirdly: An annual payment of £6 by every licensed Clergyman in the Diocese. I would oh serve here that this payment of £6, though exceeding by £] the sum paid in any other Diocese, is not more j than is paid by a Wcslevan preacher for the same be- : neflt. And lastly, the fund Ss to look for help from j private douations and subscriptions. The funds thus raised are to be applied by the Diocesan Council to ' pay the premiums fixed by the Mutual Provident So- ! ciet.v, on the separate cases ol an annuity of £100, to the widow, or the result of a survivorship Assurance , I olicy under table L of that Society, in the event of ■ the death of her husband, as a licensed Curate of the ■ Diocese. But circumstances of age or quality of life ' might require some specially rated Premium, and in that case it is proi>osed that the Diocesan Council shall deliberate thereupon, and increase the subscrip tions of the particular Curate aud Parish, or reduce the value of the annuity to meet the case. That appears to me and others to be a valuable I scheme.^ It is not submitted to you as faultless in its calculations, hut it is based by its proposer on what is deemed to be fair, probable averages, and the result of such provision would undoubtedly be more favour- j able to tlie widows of our clery than any scheme that I know now in proportion to its payments. It is free from any complication in its arrangements and condi- j ttous, and such as all who unselfishly look to their i brethren's, as much as their own comfort, may, whe- I ther niamed or celibate, be expected to make by a I willing sacrifice or a little self denial. It must be well, , but calmly and generously, discussed in this Synod, ' not in the spirit of caring only for ourselves, but for f others, aud I the more gladly welcome the propositi, 1 as it runs on the lines which 1 here always thought j and said were, whatever course we, as a separate Dio cese might adopt, the best and most obvious for any Diocese, hut especially suitable to the circumstances of this Diocese. The next subject for your consideration is a pro posal for a canon to provide more effectively for the j administration of tlie temporal affairs of the Diocese of Grafton and Armidalc. The new canon will neces- i sitatothe absolute repeal of our legislation for the J districts of the Diocese at our first Session, 1873. The substance of it is to divide the Diocese into two Arch deaconries or districts, each having its own Committee j of Synod, of two clerical and four lay members i elected by the Synod, exclusive of the Bishop, who is to be President of each Council. The duties of these 1 bodies are to be:— 1\. The management of any Fund raised in tlie district, ! or otherwise, for the maintenance of the Clergy, or ! for other general purposes. ' | 2\. Tlie appropriation ot any grants from Church So- i cietiesin England or elsewhere, subject to the con- i sent of tlie Bishop ; 8\. The advising the Bishop respecting applications fioin districts for organisation as parishes, and to % report upon the same to the Synod, and upon tlie L acceptance of any offer of land made bv the Svnod for Clmrch purposes within the Archidiaconal dis trict. while the Synod is not in session. 4\. Assisting and advising tlie Bishop, when called , upon by him, on questions affecting the welfare of > the Church. _ 5\. Preparing business for the ensuing Retsions ofi. Synod, for which purpose the resjiective Arehidia-*' conal Councils may confer with each other, and — exercise such other powers as may be conferred "a uiion them by the Synod. * 6\. Each Archidiaconal Council shall keep minutes of & all its proceedings, which shall he laid before the Synod at its annual session, together with full ac- p counts of the receipts and expenditure of ail funds I under the control of audi Council F 7\. Tlie accounts of each Council shall be referred an- ' nually to two auditors, appointed by the Synod. ! Each Archidiaconal Council may appoint a Secre- i taryand a Treasurer, and frame bye-laws for tlie i transaction of its own business, and shall have li- 1 liertv from time to time to vary tlie same. ; This proposal must be carefully considered in the. ' Svnod, first In principle, then in its details, 1 *ui I anxious not to pass any opinion upon it before it comes before us, or to suggest now anything in its place, should it not meet with approval. The ex ceeding difficulty that liesets the members of the Die- 1 cesan Council, who reside in the North-Eastern part f of the Diocese, in attending the Council's meetings is sufficiently evident to us aU; the rime required'in passing to and fro is almost prohibitory to men of ! business, and would be still, were our means of com munication with the seaboard portion of the Diocese quicker than it is, or is likelytobe, for years to come, ine antnor of the proposed canon was not able for those reasons already alluded to, to be present at its consideration by the Diocesan Council, but that body feeling the necessity for something more than the name of representation of that part of the Diocese in the Council, thought it best (in which I concurred) that it should be presented for discussion without any alteration by them 1 have no reports of the state of the Book Depots at Grafton, Armidale, or Tamworth. Of tlie last, I only know informally that the books allotted to it were nearly all sold, but no account seems to have been kept of the sale, and, therefore, our desire to establish a permanent depOt at that place has been, if not frus trated, senously delayed. I should wish to observe here too, a consequence of the neglect of fostering the General Fund, as we can see that, by the help j of that Fund, not only could depots be formed, but the system of book-lmwkiug carried on in different parts of the Diocese ; and let me ask that what t say now may be duly weighed by the members of the church in our Diocese. «r'v'nii U!fcth? P!l>le Society, which is not a Church of England Society, whatever its claims may be as a Society for the promotion of the sale and dispersion of the Holy benptares, is considered by some in this Diocese : whereas the Society for promoting christian knowledge and tlie Society for the propagation of the gospel in foreign parts—two great twin Societies of tlie Church, that have done more for tlie real gospel ill these colonics taan any Society whatever, are not so much as spoken of, or at all considered. Let me v,i wuhmbreo. ijet me then, put before you the claims of these Church So cieties on us Church people here. The Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge was formed in the year 1698, and is now, therefore approaching to the close of its second century of work' It has ever been a handmaid of the Church, and at present is helping more by its publications to stem the torrent of infidelity than any Society in the world It is a Society that gives help to the Endowment of Colonial Bishopricks, snd helped towards the endow ment of this See. It also helps towards the erection of churches and schools in the colonies, and has made more than once, grant* or helps of books towards cs i tarnishing depots in this diocese. It has again, only w isiontlis back, at my request, lent us most valu able help in tlie purchase of books and tracts, on terms of the largest liberality. It pays for, or helps to §>ay for, the translation of the Holy Scriptures into foreign and obscurely-known tongues, thus being in tlie strictest sense, the Church's Bible Society, and it sees that competent persons are employed to render the sacred volumes into such tongues. And yet in this colony, which owes it a deep debt of gratitude I am not aware of any church (certainly none in onr diocese), or any town where its claims are advocated. Are the churchmen of this colony ignorant that their countiy owes a deep debt to this Society, and is it right that while we are yearly profiting by IU liberality, no effort should be rosde to tn*^" some little return ? The Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts was formed in the rear 1701, by «me earnest Churchmen, to meet the spiritual ne- j cessiaesof our colonies and plantations. By its char- j ter of Incorporation that is its purpose, and from the earliest days of this colony until now it has fostered, and yet does foster the Church herein. We ourselves in this Diocese have received some aid from it, as from the other Society, and it cannot be right that their : clain a should be passed in alienee by. That should be remedied, and at least at the great towns in the Diocese should associations be formed, subscriptions gathered, and one sermon given and collection made on their behalf every year. The fate of the books at Tamworth makes us atixi ous taat there should not be any repetition of that state of irresponsibility, to avoid which, where there is a depot, an active Committee should be formed, that thereby the cost of the books and a small profit then-3n may be secured towards the setting up of a depot, little by little. I hid ho]>cd to have been able to have put before j you tie advantages of a Church Building Loan Fund, « but a~* present so many necessary works are to be con- ] sidercd that, exclusive of the length to which this Ad- j dress has already run, 1 could hardly hope to have it i well entertained. A fund out of which loans might | be m&de; at low rates of interest, or at none, would J form & Sunk Fund, very valuable at all times for such ( works of the Church. At present, I can do no more ; than mention it tor future consideration i The business then of this Session of the Third Synod j will b* as follows 1\. To elect five persons to act as Trustees for the Dio cesan property under the new Act obtained for that purpose. 2\. To assess the payment to be made by the different Parishes or districts, on account of Svuodal ex penses. 3\. To elect two lay and two clerical representatives to the General Synod, should it be called together be- j fore our Synod expires by efflux of time. 4\. To consider the canon or ordinance proposed for promoting the formation Ac. of a Clergy Widows' Fund in this Diocese. 5\. To consider the canon which is proposed, by which to provide more effectively for the administration of the temporal affairs of the Diocese of Grafton and Armidale. C. Such other business as may be introduced by leave, without the usual notice. It is mi' purpose to visit the whole of the Diocese in the course of this year, as there are some parts which, owing to my sudden dv|>arture and protracted absence from the colony, have been too long without Confirmation or any visitation. Let ine end my words to you on tliis occasion with my prater that it may please God so to rule aud dis pose our hearts that all that we do or say here may be to His glory and for the good of His Church. Lacs Deo. After the saying of the Litany, followed by a cele bration of Holy Communion, in St Peter's Cathedral, Armidale, the Synod of the Diocese of Grafton and Armidale met, in the Masonic Hall, on Tuesday, the 3rd Maj, 1881, at noon. Prayers having been read by the Bight Reverend the President, he declared the Synod to be formaily opeued, and requested the Registrar to call the roll, when thi following members answered to their names: —Clerical: Revs J. Ross, M.A., A. E. Brown, A.M., i R. R- Taylor, 8. Hart, C. C. Greenway, F. Gough, R. ! R. Ewing, J. Paterson, A.M., R. Wilson, B.A., W. H. Saun-lers, W. J. R. Piddington, T. Hyder, D. M. Sinclair, E. G. Mobeiiy, F. Spoouer. Lay : Messrs. E. O. Blouitield, E. Everett, G. P. Morse,A.J. Park, J. M'Keazie, A. H. Belfield, A. J. Maister, Dr. Wigan, 0\. R. Bbjdaud, and E. B. Boulton. The Right Rev. the President read the preceding address, and the Synod then adjourned till 3 p.m. On re-assembling, two clerical, the Revs. C. C. Greenway and J. Ross, and two lay members. Messrs. W. A. G reaves and T. 11. Smith were elected Trustees un der the Act, for the vesting of Church probity. The Secretary read the report of the Diocesan Coun cil, and tabled "the Treasurer's statement of accounts. Notices of motions having been given, and a Com mittee appointed to draft an Ordinance upon the Rev. Jauies Ross's scheme for the establishment of a Cleigy Widows* Fund, the Synod adjourned to 7 p.m. The Rev. O. C. Greenway introduced his draft canon for the btiter administration of the temporal affairs of the Diocese. The Synod adjourned till Id a.m. the following day, 'when, oil reassembling, prayers were said by the Right Rev. the President, and the minutes read and con firmed. The Synod went into Committee of the whole, Mr. C. R. Blaxland in the chair, to consider the Clergy Widows' Fund Canon. After r* porting progress, the Synod adjourned at I.30 p.m. to 3 p.m. On re-assembling, the President answered questions relating tc the forms necessary for a Clergyman to use at Die celebration of marriage, and in reference to the debt on the Cathedral Church. The Synod then went into Committee or the Whole, for the further consideration of the Clergy Widows' Canon, which passed through its several stages in due form, was approved as amended, and finally received the assent of the Right Rev. Die Pre sident. The following gentlemen were then appointed to assess the |tarishes for Synodal expenses :—The Revs. C. C. Greeaway and D. M. Sinclair, and Messrs. A. W. Simpson and C. R. Blaxlaud. The Syncd adjourned at 3.30 p.m. to 7 p.m. On re-assembling, the Prudent, in reply to a ques tion, stated that the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge would assist in the building of chapel schools, or shurclies. The Rev. I>. M. Sinclair brought forward the report of the Comiiittee appointed to assess for Synodal ex penses. which was adopted. The President reviewed the work of the Session, and expressed his great satisfaction with the whole proceedings. The minutes were read and confirmed, and votes of thanks then followed, when no obligations were for gotten. Then followed the Te Deum and the Benediction, : and thus en led one of the brightest sessions of Synod yet held in (his Diocese. The work done was, so far 1 as it went, all that could be desired, while the general i unanimity was very marked. The comforts of mem- : bers of the Synod was abundantly provided for in the j shape of luncheon in the Town Hall during the ses- ' sion, finishing up with a numerously attended break fast at Die sune place on Thursday morning, the 3th of May. I 