AUNT HEPSY'S FOUNDLING. Bx MKS. LEITH ADAMS, Author of " Madelon Lerooutc," "Wins to we," *My Land of Beulith," " Mabel Merediths Lore Story," 4c, &c.; CHAPrER XIV. A. MOTHER'S HEAKT. " The English letters are in," aaid Mrs Trevenick, meeting Jeva at the hall door. " And, just think ? ilindle'e boy brought mine out to me at once instead of letting them wait for the letter-cart later on. How kind folks are!" Now, we must not rashly identify the " Hindle's boy" thus spoken of with the lover of crows of the earlier portion of our story: that " Hiudle's boy" had long since grown to man's estate, learnt to take an active part in the management of the variegated store; eschewed the taming of crows, and taken to a far more ambitious branch of ornithology—namely, the breeding of fancy pigeons. He was the proud owner of fan-tails whose vanity WAS BO egregious that it went near to overturn them as they walked; of pouters apparently always ruminating on the melancholy state of things in general; gild crimson-eyed carriers who {so rumour •aid) were capable of flying all the way from the States should need arise. - No, this " Hindle's boy" who had been so smart in Mrs Trevenick's service, was a younger member of the family than any we have yet seen, -and was counted by far the most mischievous personage in Godsville ; but- it was a known fact that his devotion to Mrs. Trevenick bestowed upon him a transient trustworthiness of character foreign to his real nature, and therefore he was allowed to act as amateur post-boy now and again when letters came for heir from St. Ruthven's bearing the English postmark. * Susan had got a tin of cakes in the oven, ( so I begged some and filled the boy's pockets for him." said Mrs. Trevenick: " he was as pleased as Punch and grinned all over. I never saw a boy grin so much all over as that boy of Hindle's ! * This un's real good,' says he, with his mouth so full that I 'wondered how he could Bpeikat all; and the rest 'ull keep me -warm in my pockets. I guesB I'm fixed up fine. " Jeva heard, 1 no doubt; but her eyes were dreamy—she looked like some one who, coming out of one atmosphere into another, finds it difficult to realise the change in things about them. She had been walking in an enchanted wood, where the music of a voice made all the wakening world around her beautiful. The memory of the look in Christie Glynn's dark eyes as he took the Mayflower from her unresisting hand haunted her as some sweet melody haunts the ear that has once lingered on its sweetness. So it was a little straggle for Jeva to come down to the work-a-day world and concentrate her ideas on Hindle's boy, irith his pocket full of hot cakes and delighted grins expanding over his countenance in consequence. "Are you tired, child?" said Mrs. Trevenick. Jeva was nol a person at all given to being tired; but the languor of her appearance was so marked that her friend hazarded the suggestion. "No, I am not tired," said the girl. " I am hardly ever tired, I think; but it is a dreamy kind of day, and makes one feel Iaznjr. Auntie has sent you some cream and a few of the brown eggs." It is ill work the first effort at being nncandid with one between whose loving eyes and our own heart no veil has ever rested. Tet something—she could not have told what—held Jeva silent about the new friend of hers to whom she had given the first May-flower. She had done nothing wrong—nothing to be ashamed of; and yet something rose in her throat and seemed to choke her when she tried to make even the faintest reference to the stranger at the River Inn. K She was near it once though; for Mrs. Trevenick, standing by while she took off the black tippet and brown hat, and smoothed back the curly, rebelliuoa locks that would ruffle upon her temples and above her ears, told her how already the May-fiowers,were a-bloom injthe garden. " Only in one sheltered nook, " ahe said ; "that corner, you know, under the laurel bushes where George planted them with his own hands when first we came to Mapledown." In a moment Jeva's arms were round her soft cheek pressed te hen. " Nay, child," add Mrs. Trevenick tenderly, " It does not make me so sad to think of such things now. Time was when it did, but God gives me so much to do: there are so many in the world to be thought of and for; life is audi a busy thing if one does all the tasks it sets one, that one would be ashamed to sit by die wayside with folded hands and'weep because the ' desire of the eyes, is taken out of ken. Have you been afraid for me, Jeva, because of the anniversaries this season brings round ? Yon need not, dear. Once I felt as if their coming was like the touoh of a cruel hand on a scarce healed wound. Nov» they only seem like landmark milestones by the way to tell me I am getting a little nearer, each year, to the time when I shall see him again. I do not say I have not moments of bitterness still; even now as I caught sight of the pretty Mayflowers a mist came between me and them. It all came np before me—the day when they were planted—George in his old gardening coat that had once been grey— and little Rip the terrier instating on thinking the holes were being dug up in search of rats and scratching so madly that he flung all the mould Into our faces. . . . . Are there any May-flowers in the woods yet 1" she added, breaking off suddenly and passing her hand lightly across her eyas. " 1 only saw one," said Jeva, suddenly bending over her hat as die laid it neatly by the tippet on the bed and stroking the brown feather that was somewhat ruffled by the soft west wind. " It is the avanb courier of the rest you may be sure, and by to-morrow the shady nooks will be carpeted with blossom/' aaid Mrs Trevenick. Jeva answered nothing. If every nook in every wood all along the banks of the beautifnl St. Ruthven river were gay with blossoms and sweet with perfume, never a Mayflower so fair, never a blossom so sweet, would bloom for her as the half-close bunch of tiny buds that Christie Glynn had taken from her hand that day! Such flowers do but blow once in a lifetime. They are rare as the aloe, delicate as the finest exotic, sensitive aa the mimosa. They are wooed into life by the breath of passion, and cherished by the sunshine of awakening love that has hitherto slumbered in a guileless hart. " My letters are burning a hole in my pocket," said Mrs. Trevenick, as the two ftiends entered the room that we sketched once before and that the lapse of 12 years has changed but little. Rooms keep their characteristics longer than the people who inhabit them, and the pretty sitting-room at Mapledown is but little changed, though the hair of its mistress has grown Bilver-white, and the lines in her face have deepened. Her eyes, too, have changed. There Is leas sadness in them than before, or rather, more patience Is mixed with the sadness—more of the look you may see in the pictured eyes of the suffering yet resigned Madonna, the holy Mother of God—whose heart was pierced as by a two-edge sword, and yet from whose lips came never a murmur. People said that from constantly looking at the picture of the Mater Dolorosa—the picture Bet in lilies that the reader may remember hung above the statue of the Clytie—Mrs. Trevenick had grown like It But perhaps the truth is this: all patient mjffering woman-hood partakes in some sort of the nature and has something akin to tht? dimmest tj pe of woman-hood ths word tver saw. " You Lave never asked if there is good news from Walter V said Mrs. Treveuick, vaguely jealous for her son. would not smile as you say that if the news were anything but good," answered Jeva, whom some now and potent'influence was rapidly turning into a casuist. She was by this time seated in a low chair brsido her hostess, her accustomed place ; and had drawn from her pocket a little pinafore destined for Maggie's baby when in its Sunday best, a fact, that wa3 plain to any observant eye from the delicate frills of iuuslin that adorned it. " What does Walter say V she asked aa she threaded her needle. Mrs Trevenick would rather she had left her needle alone. Jeva's interest in Walter ought to be on a level with her own, she thought— almost. In consequence of feeling this shadow of resentment on his behalf her voice was juBt a little unsteady as she began to read his letter aloud. " I am getting on famously, and feel like a schoolboy looking forward to the holidays when I think of coming heme to Godsville for the Long. It would be too soon- yet to begin cutting notches in a stick to score of the days, and my scout might. thipk that much burning of the midnight oil had turned my brain. Still I feel almost capable of such a thing ! How well I fancy I can see the laughter in Jeva's eyes as you and she read this bit together: indeed, I think I shall in some ways never be anything more than a great overgrown schoolboy. I'm glad you're so pleased about the scholarship. When I heard the news the first thing I thought was : ' There, that will make me less of a burden to the mother !' I felt so glad that I felt ready to cry like a child, and hardly dare look at any of the fellows lest they should see tears in my eyes and be ready to dub me a ' softy.'" " Dear good Walter 1" said Jeva, looking up from her work; and the mother read on with more content in her heart and a steadier voice. I cannot tell you how kind Lady Laura has been. She says I am ot come adn go %s I like at the Manor House. She never tired of hearing of your quiet life in what she calls the' backwoods.' By the way, tell Jeva that I have seen a great many beautiful flowers since I came to England, and plenty of the roses for which the land is famous, but nothing half so sweet and fair in my eyes as our own sweet Mayflower of the woods." " It is pretty of him to think like that," said Jeva. " He remembers our Mayflower expeditions in old dayB, and especially the day when we saw the little brown snake among the dead leaves and I screamed so that all the birds in the woods must have been frightened. Poor Walter! he had many a real bad time with me and General Bragg in those days." " And many a real good time too !" said Walter's mother lightly touching the girl's hair. "And now I must tell you who this Lady Laura is of whom Walter speaks. She is a very dear old friend of mine. It was at her house I first met my husband; and now she is ready to love the boy for the mother's sake. I am BO glad:—it is a bad thing for either men or women to live entirely among themselves; and I think there is nothing that so much refines and strengthens a man's life as having nice women friends; women into whose presence he dare not bring even the memory of what could degrade him in their eyes." " Walter needs no one to keep him from harm:—Walter is not like other people," said Jeva fondly. " Walter is only human. Mothers make that mistake so often, Jeva; thinking that because a boy is their boy, life can have no temptation for him. Still I think our boy has more than one good shield." " Yes he has the thought of us two who are always thinking of him, hasn't he " That was the way in which Mrs. r Trevenick beat liked to hear Jeva speak of Walter; as if he were a precious possession in which they two had an equal share ; aa if he were a dear thought for ever underlying the daily active duties of life; a name to be "Bet in their prayers" night and morning. "One good turn deserves another, said Mrs. Trevenick. " Only a couple of days ago I had the chance of giving Lady Laura's son as warm a welcome as she gave to Walter. He is at St. Ruthven's with his regiment, and I began rather to wonder at hearing nothing of him, when in he walked the other afternoon. He is the drollest fellow! just the man one might have expected as the development of the mischief-loving boy I remember years ago. " I know," said Jeva, bending over the turning of an intricate corner in her work:—" I saw him at the fire the other night. He was as busy as any of the rest —and his three dogs were barking after him everywhere." Mrs. Trevenick, laughing heartily, said she could well imagine bow facts. " Mr. Brabazon brought his dogs with him here and assured me they were like so many lambs; well they were not in the house fivefminutes before they had chased puss on to the top of the plate- shelf in the kitchen ! The smallest of the three, Lord Brougham by name, is a particularly intolerable animal, and when he was put outside, he sat on the mat and howled as loud as poor General Bragg when his little mistress got lost in my shrubbury,—let me see, child—how many years ago— twelve, isn't it ? Brabazon brought some one else with him besides the dogs. He brought a friend and brother officer, Captain Glynn, a pleasant gentlemanly man, who had once met Walter at Lady Laura's." No doubt Jeva heard this encomium on Mr. Brabazon's friend and brother officer but die was groping for a needle that had dropped upon the carpet and too much absorbed in the search to make any reply. Mrs. Trevenick apparently did not notice her silence. However much we love a country that is ours only by adoption, it is always sweet to meet those who come from the land that is ours by right of birth; and now thoughts—some happy, some sad, as retrospect must ever be-— filled this dew lady's mind. The dark eyes beneath the parted braids of silverwhite grew dreamy as Jeva's, when, with unwilling feet, die left the enchanted wood wherein her heart had taken its first lesson in that unknown language whose first phrases are very simple, but veiy absorbing to the learner. " I do not like to leave you," "I long for the time to come when I may see you again," are not intricate or puzzling modes of speech, but uttered silently by eye and hand they can change the aspect of a life—make the whisper of the wind, gently stirring the branches, sound like the sigh of passion—the sobbing of the river against the shingle as the voice of regret and longing—the sweet song of every bird on every tree aa the utterances of hope in a joy to be. Walter's letter lay on the mother's lap, and her thoughts were away with a past that was dear as dead flowers gathered in their freshness by a hand now withered as themselves. Java's fingers worked deftly at the Sunday-best garment for Maggie's baby, but her thoughts, too, were fax from the pretty, silent room where the spring sunshine streaming in made all things gay. If Jeva noticed its brightness it was only to think how it was shimmering through the ruddy-tipped trees in the woods hud by, and falling upon the brown carpet of leaves beneath—the leaves that had rustled so faintly under her feet and his as they two walked Bide by ride. "A silver penny for your thoughts, child?" said Mrs. Trevenick suddenly, tipping the girl under the round, white chin and turning the quiet dreamy eyes to hers. Then, without waiting for answer to htr question, she added— "Jeva, have you been anxious—more so than usual, I mean—about Aunt Bep>y ?" The girl's whole aspect changed. All visionary dreamintB flaw away like ghosts at cock- crow before he thought of this, the one real every-day anxiety that her life bad ever known. "Yes," she said, " I have been very, very anxious; and so I feel sure has Maggie, though she has not said so. Sixe came to us a few evenings ago aud brought the new baby with her. I think she thought the sight of it would cheer Auntie up and do her good. But wh<sn she put out her hand to touch its face, as if in ikat way she could best tell what it was like, Maggie got quite frightened, and when she said that something was the matter with her glasses this while back, and she was waiting till John Richie went to the town to get some new and stronger ODes ; 'and would Maggie tell her wuat olour the baby's eyes were V—the foolish creature burst out crying and rau away, leaving me there with the baby in my What did Aunt Hepsy say 1" " She looked all around in that troubled uncertain way that always makes me feel as if I must cover my eyes from the sight of it; and then she said—' Have I asked anything I shouldn't, Jeva?—Is the baby blind, poor little thing?' ' No, no,' I said, 'there is nothing the matter with the baby. He is a dear little fellow aud has eyes as black as -Maggie'® own.' Then what's the matter with the girl]' she said, just in the old stern way she used to speak when Maggie was her ' help.' It was a good thing a neighbour chanced to come in full of Hindle's boy setting booby-trap for his brother and catching little Dr. Gregson in it by mistake. So Auntie's mind was taken off Maggie, and ~ ran off upstairs with the baby. Maggie had got the window set back and was sitting with her head out, breathing hard, you know, like she used to do when she'd broken anything and was making up her mind to tell about it. * I was always a soft fool; you know I was, Missy Jeva,' she said, wiping her eyes and trying to excuse herself as best she could. 'No one can never tell what I'll be at—that's what Samson says many and many a time. It's never 'set fair' with me—that's what Samson says—and' things upset me anyhow or no how. I'm aa bad as the table at home that has to be set up agen the wall to make it stand and slithers over at the leastest touch.' Dear Maggie—ahe thought she was deceiving me, but I knew all about it." Poor Maggie !" said Mrs. Trevenick as Jeva, stopping, caught her breath a little. She had laid down baby's pinafore and was leaning against the elder woman's knee. Don't you think," she said, her lips trembling as she ppoke, " there may be— something to be done 1" I think you ought to get the best opinion St. Ruthven's affords. By the way, I heard yesterday that Daniel Reed, Miss Hepsy's brother, is coming over from the old country before long, and going to settle in the town. Is that so, dear V " Yes," said Jeva, " I was going to tell you all about it. He is coming out as partner in a firm. He has been very successful and Auntie is delighted at seeing him after all these years. She has not said so, you know—she never Bays much of what she feels about anything— but the night she heard he was coming she began to talk about him when she and I were alone together. 'Dan had curly hair when he was a little chap,' she said—' White-headed Dan,' the lads at the school used to call him—he was so flaxy. He was a pretty little fellow— only for a mark on his forehead where he fell from grandfather's apple-tree in the dark. He went after the apples, did Dan, when everybody was in bed.' knew by this she was thinking of their childish days together and was glad, very glad, to think of seeing him again." " I am glad, too, dear, for her sake and for yours. It will take the responsibility off your shoulders and you can get Mr. Reed to have a chat with Dr. Gregson— that is," said Mrs. Trevenick, smiling, " if the doctor has got out of the boobytrap, you know. Just see how you are crumpling Walter's letter," she added, taking up the precious missive and smoothing it out as tenderly as if it had been a sentinent thing. " I did not mean to crumple it," said Jeva. " I love it because it has made you happy." And not at all for the writer's sake. " Yes, a good deal for the writer's sake; but most of all for yours, dear." And Jeva bent her dainty head, and kissed the hand that still held Walter's letter. I have often wondered, Jeva, all these years, what I should have done without you. I have thought so more and more since Walter went away. For even my happiness in his success—my mother's pride in the name he is making for himself, would be but incomplete without you to share it with me. You have grown to be the very heart of my life—that life that once seemed as if the heart had been torn out of it for ever." Jeva's eyes filled. She threw her arms about this friend, this woman who had been to her more than mother, who had trained her mind to love all that was cultured and beautiful in life, who had attuned her thoughts to a perfect compre hension of the high and holy thoughts of others, whose influence had made her what die was—a woman as fair in heart and mind as in outward form and semblance. " I love you so much" said Jeva, with all her heart in her voice and eyes, " that I often wish I were really your very own child—and Walter's very own sister.'' Mrs. Trevenick held the slight form a moment closely—very, very closely. Then die rose from her seat, folded Walter's letter, laid it in the leaves of her Bible, and went to the window, through which the sunshine was streaming. Perhaps it was the dazzle of that sunlight that made her eyes BO dim and misty as die stood there looking out towards the leafless woods faintly ruddy against the sky. Had she tilled the ground of human heart, had die sown good seed and watched it grow up into fair golden grain, to miss the joy of garnering in the precious sheaves at last ? This longing to reap the harvest of her travail was no Belfiah craving, no wish to make her own life happy. No ! it was of Walter, whose secret the mother's eyes, sharpened by love, had read long since; Walter, for whose sake die had rejoiced in each fieah perfection in the ardent sendtive nature of the girl who, from little child, had been her constant com panion, her pupil—her " very own child,' in all but the name. A more worldly woman than George Trevenick's widow might have thought Aunt Hepsy's Foundling—"nobody's baby," found deeping on the doorstep in the early light of au autumn morning— an ineligible wife for a man of Walter's birth and position. But no such thoughts as these troubled the deep content of Mrs. Trevenick's simple mind in looking forward totthe day when she diould see Jeva her son s wife. When the primitive of Godsville called Aunt Hepsy's Foundling "MissyJeva, " they unconsciously to themselves gave 1 voice to the intuitive recognition of certain qualities in the child that set her apart -from her surroundings. She was always " a little lady," this waif and stray who had drifted into their midst. What Nature had begun, close companionship with Mrs. Trevenick had completed. Something more than a year after that momentous occasion when the expedition to the Land of Canaan came to an untimely end, the little maid, attended by the faithful General, might have been seen trudging along the woodland road almost daily, wfth a little bag of books in her band. As ofteu as not she returned from these journeys iu Mrs Trevenick's pony cha se, or under the guardianship of Walttr, of ; whom the General was insanely jealoup, then and ever afterwards. Now and then she did not return at all for a week together, and Maggie grew as jt alous of Mrs. Trevenick as the General of Walter. All these things seemed along while ago to look back upon now When we see the lily waving tall and fair in the sunshine, giving outs veet perfumo from its snowy chalice, it seems a long while to lock back to the time when first slender green shaft, piercing the dark mould, told of the glory that should one day make our garden beautiful. Marrying comparatively late in life, Mrs. Trevenick had many opportunities watching the current of the lives of those about her. She had seen much and thought more. Iu marriage it seemed to her that very often the bargain was unequal and the life of one, perhaps the lives ot both those concerned, would have been better and happier to have run their course alone. As every true woman must, she ecognised the great truth that once entered into there was nothing for true man or true woman to do but make the best of things, even in the most unsympathetic marriage. But then the weary terrible thing that that " making the best of it" often was ! Here she had seen a marriage in which for any sympathy her husband gave her a woman lived as much alone, to all intents and purposes, as if she were the inhabitant of desert island; there one in which a man dragged a woman after him, as one might drag a heavy chain, purchasing peace at h6me by a slavish submission to petty jealousy, succeeding perchance in making the nature linked to his own happy, but doing BO at the fearful cost paid day by day of living down to something lower than himself—of casting aside all manly ambition, of becoming contemptible alike in the eyes of his fellow-men and in his own. On the one hand Mrs. Trevenick had seen such things as these; on ths other she knew what marriage might be, for had not her own been perfect, even weighted as it was with circumstances that made happiness—much more perfection—doubtful in the eyes of the world ? What were the last words that George Trevenick spoke—so low that none but the wife, who counted each word as a jewel to be laid by in the casket of her memory, heard ? " Love, it has been too happy to last long!" She had made her husband happy; she thanked God for the comfort of that thought; even in the first anguish of her woe, as the prisoner in some darkened cell thanks Heaven for the one ray of sunlight that pierces through some tiny fissure in his prison walL She had made her husband happy. Should the boy who was his and hers— the boy he had loved not only with so much passionate fondness, but with so much wisdom, be less happy one day 1 Should Walter ever know the bitter pain and degradation of an unhappy or an incomplete marriage ? No : for God had put the means of his happiness into her hands. God had given her this virgin soul to train and render meet to be a true man's help and stay; no brainless toy, no meek characterless creature for ever sitting at his feet, and suing for caresses and approving smiles; but a companion, "a perfect woman, nobly planned"—not one who would want to loose her own identity and to have no thoughts but such as were coloured by the tone of his; but one whose "charm of infinite variety no time could stale," with whom life would never pall, never grow as wearisomely monotonous as a never- ending feast of sugar-plums. Mrs. Trevenick had spoken well when she said that Jeva had grown to be the "heart of her life." The girl was more than that; she was the heart of her hope—the fond, loving, tender hope of the mother's heart for the son who was dearer than life itself. And now—it had come to this ! She had met the violet eyes, calm aud untroubled as those of a child, looking into hers; had heard Jeva say she often wished she were her "very own child" and— Walter's sister! 