NEWS AND NOTES. A meeting of gentlemen interested in the operation of the tariff was held at Pobjoy’s Unicorn hotel yesterday evening. The meet ing, which was principally composed of legal managers and other persons connected with the mining interest, had been convened by Mr B; M. Serjeant, in response to a circular re ceived by him from the chairman of the Tariff Commission, asking for suggestions on the subject, and for the names of any gentle men whom it might be desired to have ex amined as witnesses before the commission. There were only about 10 persons present, and in view of the want of interest shown in the matter by the outside public, Mr Serjeant thought it would be best to let the various mining managers themselves answer the ques tions pnt by the commission in the form for warded to them. A member of the Boyal Stock Exchange yesterday appealed for.the ruling of that body as to whether he was obliged to accept' de livery from another member of a parcel of Hepburn Home Paddock shares, "purchase of which was made on the previous day. The reasons for this step being takeh are said to be that the appellant had made the purchase on the strength of a telegram stating the day's yield to have been over 70 oz, while the seller j bad also received a telegram which' correctly named the yield at 27 oz. It is freely stated that the sender of the correct telegram had given the wrong information to the sender oh the incorrect one, thereby giving the whole transaction an air of suspicion in the minds of many of the Corner folks. Tbs decision will probably be given to-day. We offer no opinion on the matter, further than to urge that a Searching investigation should be made into the whole affair. An accident through which Mr Charles Brown, jun. (of Messrs Brown and Son’s foundry, White Flat), very narrowly escaped losing his left eye, occurred on Wednesday forenoon. He was walking down the foundry, and one of the workmen was dressing a cast- ing at the time. Just as Mr Brown came for- ward a chip from the casting-struck him under the left eyeball, embedding itself in the flesh so deeply that he was obliged to have recourse to a medical man to get it extracted. The operation was very painful, but was at length successfully performed. Had the chip struck Mr Brown only a quarter of an inch higher it would have penetrated the eyeball, and in that case the sight would most likely have been destroyed. The eye. is now under careful treatment, and no serious result is appre- hended. The unfortunate occurrences which, have happened in the family of Mr John Wall, town clerk at Sebastopol, have been' numerous of late. It is only a short time back that the wife of that gentleman died, and within slew months he was made aware of bis son's death, under peculiarly painful circumstances, at Adelaide. We learn from a ’ copy of the Castcrton Nans that a daughter of Mr Wall, | named Mrs Wallis, had, together with her \ husband, been thrown, out of .a buggy. Her “husband was not much hurt, but the (lady came into violent contact with the road. At first it was thought that Mrs Wallis was severely injured, as she lay insensible for sometime, but at length it was ascertained that beyond a severe shock no serious'injury had been sustained. The examination of teachers, candidates for certificates, and the candidates for the exhibi tion commenced yesterday, at school No. 33. It was conducted- by Mr Brodrihb, senior inspector, assisted by Messrs Holland and Summons. The subjects for the day were arithmetic and grammar. The science examina tions will be held on Saturday. The music-loving citizens of Ballarat will doubtless be pleased to learn that the Sturt street rotunda will again be utilised for band purposes during the summer months. We are informed that the City Brass Band will dis course some. lively music in that spot to-night under the leadership' of Mr Bobsoo, when- the following programme will be submitted ; Quickstep,We dog’s march;" polka, “Bur lington;" valae, " Court' beauties;” selection, “The harp that .once;” quickstep, “Little blue-eyes;’’ march, " Hydropaten;' 1 schottisohe, “ Fashionable;" galop, .“ Flora.’, “Qodsave the Queen ” will conclude the band perform ance. ' The Supreme Court has held that a promis sory note, even if ■ transferred to a third person, cannot be recovered upon if in contra vention of the-21at section of the Land Act 1869, which forbids and makes void all con tracts entered into in violation of the prohibi tory clauses of the act. In our report of the. last meeting of the Ballarat Mining Board it was inadvertently stated that the next meeting of the board would be held on the 2nd January, 1882. What we should have stated was. the second Monday in January, 1882; - The distribution of prizes at Grenville Col lege takes place to-day at the. Academy of Music, at which there will, no'doubt, be a large attendance of the friends of the pupils. The honor list will be found in our advertising columns. \ . ' Our informant of yesterday, whilst stating that a presentation bad been made to Mr Hopkins, MA, on the part of the young ladies ot the matriculation classes in connection with Ballarat College, omitted to mention a pre vious presentation to. Mr Hopkins by' the boys of the post-matriculation and matriculation classes, . This, was made on Tuesday last at the . College; in recegnitioirof the pains Mr Hopkins had taken in preparing the pupils for their examination, • . ; \- Captain Thomas Davies, owner and captain of the Isabella, whose mate and two of her crew were massacred by the South Sea lalanden a short: tins- ago, is, we learn, a' brother of our respected townsman Mr John Davies, tentmaker, Bridge street.- • ■ From Mr J. Blackwood Howiewe have re ceived "The Tourists end Sportman’e Guide to the Qipbaland Lakes and.'surrounding compiled for’ the -'Likes. Navigation Company, and ■ published at’ f the, :Mercury office. The ‘‘.Guide” ii'an excellent’ handbook to the.’’ nowprovinco.”: We have received . from ■ Mr .Robert >. 8,, Joseph, electrical engineer to the Australian Electric Company, limited, a pamphlet con taining a full 'description of the mode ef electric ■ lighting,' '-compiled: for if intending users" of the light. ; -■ .A-protty extensive seizure of liquor was, made on Wednesday at Gordon by the dietrict' inspector of exoisej Mr’ Ellis, accompanied by Constables Deacon and. Hastings, in a shanty »kept by. a ' mannamed Laurant Roustah/ Early in the morning the inspector and con stables visited the place and found four full barrels of beer, one of which was on tap, la barrel of nine, two demijohns containing nine, 10 bottles of wine, a bottle of ruin, and some whisky and'brandy; all of which was seized' and brought to the police camp. It will form the subject of two separate prosecutions, one under the 90th* section of the Licensing Act' 1876, and the other under the 19th section of the Beer Duty Act 1880. \- At the usual meeting of the Prince Albert. Lodge, Good Templars of the World, heldlastf' Wednesday evening, the committee re the united picnic to' ha bold ait the Botanical Cardens on Monday, 26 th inst, reported that 500 tickets for. dinner and tea were printed and ready for distribution, Mr M’Kenzie being the caterer. Five races were arranged for, several members having promised, handsome prizes and donations. It is expected there will be a large number of. competitors, ae much in :tereat ie b«ing Ejinoed by young and old. Ae the drinkables Trill be of arafreehing, and not an inebriating, character, tha picnic ia bound to be a pleasant and enjoyable one. The principal entrance gates at the Eastern Oval are . being-removed to a level with the. other portion of Ithe reserve fence in Ebdsn street. It seems that the street was originally -encroached upon for thepurpose of affording 'more space in the ground, hut as-the street is >o very narrow, the .unsightly projection be came a source ot danger to vehicles, and hence, its removal . -I' - .- . ' At the breaking up of the High School on Wednesday last, occasion waa taken to present Mr C. L- Qrant with a very handsome, silver pencil case and knife. These were the gifts of his own class, who, through Mr Bain, expressed the pleasure they had felt under Mr Grant’s tuition, and'their'regret that ho waa leaving them. A suitable reply waa made, and the boys then gave the usual expression - to their sincerity by three good cheers. Subsequently j the members of his evening bookkeeping class ] presented him with a splendidly mounted meerschaum pipe, in recognition of bis earnest endeavors to forward their interests. At the Sebastopol Police Court yesterday a cabman named John Hunt was charged by Constable Quitter with leaving hie. horse and cab in the public street without control.. Ho was fined 2«6d, with 2s fid costs. A number of- unimportant debt cases were disposed of. Tho presiding magistrates were Messrs Leckie, Dickinson, and Hughes, J'e.P. A little boy named William M'Qavin, eon of a respectable resident' of Ballarat East, was charged at the Town Court, yesterday morn ing, with vagrancy. The father during the hearing of the .case stated to the bench that he was perfectly unable to. control the boy, who did just as he pleased, and that he waa in the habit of running away and .sleeping out at bight. -The bench cautioned him that if he came before the court again he would be put ia prison, and discharged him on'bis promising to reform. A shocking case of juvenile depravity came under the notice of tbo Town Court yester day, when an infant named Joseph Polglaze was charged, with being a neglected child. Its mother, who was present during the hearing of the case, is only 16 years of age. Sergeant M'Pailand stated. that t]ie case had been brought on with the object of getting the child into the Industrial Schools and allowing the mother to go out to service. He also stated that a sister, 14 years of age, had also an illegitimate child, and that the parenta could not provide for them, the girls’ mother having eight children already. The fathers of the children, we hear, are of the larrikin type, and ate not able to support them,. otherwise they would have been summoned. The child was committed to the Industrial Schools for seven years; A boy named Waldren cut bis finger on Tuesday last with a tomahawk, lockjaw inter vened, and be died in the Brisbane Hospital next day. The “ Olde English Fayra” in Melbourne ia a great success. Some Ballarat gentlemen have negotiated for the fittings, and a similar carnival will be held in this town shortly. Sir H. Farkes' visit to Europe differs from Mr Berry’s inasmuch that it costs New South Wales nothing whatever. Sir H, Farkes has been appointed by all the Australian colonies, except Victoria, a special commissioner to the* United States Govern ment, and; on bis arrival at Washington he will endeavor to obtain the introduction of wool free into the States. Mr John Bird, the councillor elected in the place of the retiring councillor, Webb, took his esat for tbe first time in the Grenvilleshire Council chamber yesterday (Thursday). Id addition to the candidates already named for the anticipated vacancy in the Ballarat Mining'Board, to fill up Mr J, H. Webb’s place, three others, we are informed, have also intimated their intention of taking the field, namely, Mr Samuel Walker, of Haddon; Mr George Stoker, of Scarsdale; and Mr William Grant, of Break o'Day. Doubts are now expressed with reference to the genuineness of tbe alleged case of small pox at Bego, ' The usual weekly meeting of the Brown' Hill . Mutual - Improvement Association was. held on Tuesday evening; the preeideut'(Mr Taylor) in the chair, and a very fair attendance of members. After the usual business bad been transacted the entertainment of the even ing was commenced, >'viz., elocution and an essay from- Mr Nelly, on the amount of good donb by revival meetings. The essayist dealt with his subject in a very masterly manner. After tbe subject’ bad been -thoroughly dis cussed by the members the meeting closed. The final meeting, as announced, was held at the R. 0. school, Haddon, on Wednesday, the 14th Inst., in connection with the Burrum beet sports; tho Rev. Father Corcoran in the chair. The chairman called on the secretary, Mr J. G. O'Brien, to read tbe balance-sheet for the meeting, which is as follows:—“At tho close of the day's sports tbe proceeds were counted at Father Corcoran’s request in the presence of -Mr Reilly, Mr Fanning, and some others. Total amount received on tbe ground for refreshments, gate money, - Ac., £4B; entrance money received by tbo secretary, £5 ; and £l2 10a received by Father Corcoran pre vious to the 9th November for tickets and as donations. -. Total amount of receipts, £6510a. Tbs expenditure is as . follows;—For refresh ments consumed on the ground, £l9 18s 4d; for prizes, for band, printing, Ac,, £3O 3s lid. Total expenditure, £49 12a 3d. Balance on hand for schools, £l5 17s' 9d.” The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chair. With regard to the preservation, of fish in tbe watera of the Gordon district (says the Argus), Captain O. S. Burton, who ia in charge, bas.received £lO from the Commissioner of Customs to supplement the reward fund. This fund is employed ia tho prosecution of those wbo destroy fisb' in the lakes and streams by dynamite and other illegal means. Tbe two anglers' societies in Ballarat have given £5 each, and Geelong contributes. £lO, so that a sum of £3O is now available. Thursday’s Telegraph says:—“From the frequency with which catiardt appear in the Radical section of the metropolitan press, one might be led to imagine that tha ‘ eilly season' was at its height,. The latest rumor to which currency has been given is to the effect that Mr Lalor was to vacate 'the Speakership and proceed to London as Agent-General. We are authorised to state that there is not the Slightest foundation for tho report, or for the hypothesis founded upon it in reference te .1 _ hon, member for Boroon'dara,” ' Mr W ’ l !" tchard . b 9 a de ?' eno d tv ue model of . «• feet oyer all. complete, the new outter LSe P wlndi S °“ 9 additi “ n “* th 9 fleet 0n A sp&oial; meeting of the Post-office Com fpany was held last evening, when the.auditors’ special report, as'previously. published,'was received, and Mr J. Ditohburn, jun*, appointed legal manager in the . place of Mr J. W. Blarney The company also resolved that in future their managers shall be required j?rnn° R Bu ® c * ent security for the sum of £5OO. A report, explanatory of certain items a . a<^ol V- B pecial report on'Mr Blarney’s defalcations, was also submitted, b’ut no action taken upon it, (be general wlah bf the share* holders eridentlybringtoallowmattere to remain ae at-present,andtqTcommence afresh. The totalamouht ol (tie .loss sustained by the company/through Mr Blarney wasstated to amount to;£X08 lei-i ; f : . . ; ] The annual of prises in connec tion withthe BaUaiat'College took place at .the Academy' of Muaic.yesterday afternoon. ‘The building"was well filled, especially the dress circle andthe stalls, while the stage was occupied by & number of-young ladies, whose musical performances'were much admired by the ( The Rev. Mr Henderson occu pied the chair,' and presented to the successful scholars' thoprizes which they ‘ had won through studying bard during the year. Mr Qsrbatt,:M.A., the principal of. the college, submitted.a..lengthy.'report, which showed that during the past year some good work has been done, while the-oufclook for the future was most promising/ '*A capital, though short, programme of music was gone through, and after, the prizes had been distributed, and the Hational Anthem bad been sung, hearty cheers ; were given for the principal, the* chairman, •and others, and the proceedings then ter minated. ‘ : There were two occupants of the cells at the town lock-up-last night. John Carroll was charged with threatening behavior in 'a public place, .while another man named Henry Walls was arrested for being drunk and disorderly. The latter had only been released from gaol* yesterday morning, after undergoing imprison ment for the 11 change” trick. '* A man named ;Henry Thomas, described as a laborer, arrived in custody from Geelong yesterday, and was lodged in the Ballarat gaol. He is charged on warrant with beibg an idle and disorderly, person, having no visible lawful means of support. • - • ..i The B.R.C* scratch fours will be continued to-night Anderson and Blgnell meet at:6.80, and Nelson and D. Whitelaw at 7. - A conversazione in aid of the Christ Church Ladies’ Parochial Association was held last night at the Christ Church schoolroom* . There waa_a very: large, attendance. . The following are the ladies and gentlemen who kindly gave their services:-—The Misses Doepel, Evans, Lewis,and Robinson; and Messes Mandera, Fob joy, Wells, and the Rev. Mr Rad cl iff. There was. a refreshment stall, which was presided over by Mrs Orr and the Misses Rose; and a fancy stall, presided over the Misses Finlayson and Miss Smith. Mr Lamble directed the musical portion of the entertainment in bis usual efficient manner. The conversazione will bo continued to-night' *' An accident which might have resulted fatally happened 'to a young man: named Joseph Billing yesterday morning. It appears that he was -.driving a three- horse drag to Irwin's hotel, when the horses became fright ened at something and bolted, and notwith standing that the driver applied the brake and did-all in his power to keep them in. check, be was unsuccessful, ; and when near the gates of the New Cemetery he was jerked from bis seat to the ground, retaining his bold of the reins; however, by which he was dragged for a considerable dis tance along the ground until be was piokVd up by two young men named Shiirrah and Watt, in the employ of Mr M*Phee, who. had jumped into.another conveyance, and followed the runaways in hopes of overtaking, them. They conveyed the driver to the Hospital where it was ascertained that be had sue-, tained serious internal injuries. Billing-states that the reins slipped several times from bis grasp, in consequence of their having been washed with soft soap a short time before, and that he was quite unable to control the animals once they got a start. : He had just been engaged to drive a party of gentlemen to Dayleaford when the accident*overtook- him. The greatest praise is due to Billing, Sbirra, and Watt; the former for the plucky manner in which he stuck to the reins, and to the latter for their prompt action in following the runaways. ■ A social evening party took place last even ing by invitation from Mr Williams, who has recently entered into possession of the Britannia hotel. Bridge street. About 30 guests as sembled to do honor to the occasion, which was intended as a sort of . house warming. A very neat and tasty supper was provided by the worthy hostess, which was done justice to by those present. Mr Duncan occupied the chair, and Mr Lewis, secretary of the Licensed Victuallers’ Association, the vice-chair. Several toasts were given, amongst which was “The Health of Mr and Mrs Williams,” suitably acknowledged in a few choice words. Some good music and singing enlivened the pro ceedings. Upon the whole a most enjoyable evening was .spent. Such meetings as these tend to encourage good fellowship amongst members of the trade. We . have received from Mr J. Harrison, musicaeiler, Sturt street, the Christmas num ber of “Glen’s Musical Cabinet,” containing new and popular songs, including—“ Never take the horseshoe from the door,” “Remem ber or forget,” “Little Widow Dunn,” &b.; This is certainly an excellent number, and should find ready sale. The Australasian Shetcher for the month is an excellent number, the full page pictures being especially well executed. The application to register the Yarrowee Quartz Mining Company under the No- Liability Act appears in another column. The place of operations will be at Ballarat Nortb, and the name of the applicant Mr W. M. Acbesoo, the manager. The shares have all been subscribed for. A special meeting of the Ballarat Miners* Association will be held in the Mechanics* Institute lecture room next Saturday evening at 7-30 p.m. The meeting will consider the expediency or otherwise of voting a sum of money to the bootmakers on strike at Messrs Whitten and Son’s factory. The committee will meet this evening at the office to consider the tribute and contract systems. The Railway Department invites tenders for alterations and additions to the Creswick railway station. Particulars of the works can be obtained at the Engineer* in--ChiefV office, Spencer street, and at the Ballarat and Creswick railway station. We are requested to draw attention to the sale of crockery and furniture at the Mechanics tu-day, at 12 o’clock/. by R. Tunbridge and Cos, Madame Fanny Stmonsen announces that eho is prepared to reooive'pupita for instruction in singing after the coming holidays. • “Religion liberalised, not despised,” is the title of Dr Reid's lecture on-the rational observance of Sunday, to bo delivered shortly. The benefit entertainment of Mr Charles Florence, the well-known tenor singer, will take place this evening at the Academy. A capital programme has been prepared for thfr'occasion, in which Mies Fanny Marsden, Miss Evans, a lady amateur, Messrs A. Du Brenner, Carnegie, Roberts, and other artiste, have consented to appear. The additional attraction of Professor Rice’s services has been added, and he has con sented to give .illustrations of his marvellous power of “mind- reading.” He baa likewise promised to give an exjpoai of the production of spiritualistic ghosts* Altogether, a good evening’s entertainment is offered to the public. 