ABE WALLACE; A STORT OF THK WIST AWBR *SE MAHHBB .OT BRET HABTB. WHAT'S er matter wid yer?" demanded Abe Wallace, with a not unatural petulence under the circumstanceB. " What er yer lingerin' around that visage er mine for ? Oan't yer rasp that countenance P" Obviously he couldn't. For nearly an hour he had Btrapped his razors and mowed diligently, but barber though he was of a thousand, barber extraordinary to Leaping Antelope Bun, he seemed to make no headway ffgainst Aloe's bristling badge of manhood. " Ef yer razors won't cut, shoot 'em off. Ye'arxne? Shoot 'em off," and the handsome, Bunburned miner composed himself for the novel operation. Is the barber at home ?" asked a low, eweet, musical voicJe, entering the door at that moment. He started. No yellow water running from his pan had ever looked as sweet to him as that voioe. It percolated him, and he arose from the chair a new man. The rough life passed away from him. The crust formed by his habits and hardened by his surroundings was broken. Permit me, madam, to assure you that this individual before you is the barber," Said Abe, and hia new dignify sat eaBily upon him and seemed a part of him; I am on my way from Boston to the Sandwich Islands,-" said tbe young girl, quietly, "and our carriage broke down. I thought I would improve the opportunity and have my hair banged. Oh! no, Ao, she exclaimed, as Abe gallantly drew forth r a thoueand dollar draft on New York. " Not for the world. I've eix millions of dollars, not only in my own right, but in my pocket. I will pay for any service." As the barber proceeded with bis task, Abe walked the shop nervouslj. A presage of danger oppressed him. The chestnut curls on his forehead grew damp with anxiety. He knew life, in MB rough way, and he knew barbers. The fair young girl would be no matoh for the frontier hair dreBser, if the worst should oome. And why should it not oome ? Had she not millions in her pocket ? He glanced at the tiny feet planted squarely and firmly on tbe stool before her, and recognised character. He knew nothing of Boston, but he understood feet. " And do you live in this funny plaoe te he?" asked the girl, smiling at Abe's reflection in the glass. I do," signed Abe. " Misfortunes have oast my- bark'of life high upon this barren shore, and left me with only the shelter the seaweedB afford." " Te he ! how odd. Ouch !" But Abe grasped him and laid him upon the floor. The barber had made a dive for the dainty pocket and had failed. Leaping Antelope Bun was roused. Such an attack found no apologiBtB among the wild, rough miners. Whatever they might be inherently, they would tolerate nothing of the kind in the barber. " Away to the.dull thud 1" demanded one more intelligent than the rest. And they echoed the ory till the moonlit air was shivered and the beams crept away eonvulsively. They may have expected him to beg, but he eyed them Bternly. " Oh 1 my I what will they do with him ?" asked the beauty with one eye. She had no need to speak. The thrill of that eye struck a chord in Abe Wallace. " They'll sprain his neck, darling," murmured Wallace, in tender aceents. This feeling was new to him, but he understood it. " Gracious! and may I see him ?" whispered she with the other ege. Abe's answer was lost in the sullen roar of the crowd. Out under the grand old trees that fringed the mines. Out under the whisper of the leaves. Out through the shadows. The wind swept down from the sierras, velvet winds, but pitilesB. They Bhook sweet voices out of their satin garments, but not a pleading tone for that human barber, soon to be neither barber nor human. The rope was around his neck. Willing hands were ready. A cloud floated acroBs the faoe of the moon, but she struggled from behind it, held by the horror of the scene. II Hold 1" commanded Abe. And then addressing the barber, he asked: "You are Justioe of the Peace, are you not ?" "I am," responded the condemned, in low, steady tones. _ „ ' . «Then marry UB," said Wallace, drawing the Boston girl's arm within his own. " You do take this woman for your vedded ife?" asked the barber, with a strange glitter n his eye* "I do," responded Abe. !• Yon do take this man for yonr wedded inquired the barber, with a smile. " Te, he! I EC p «o, te, he I" whispered the musical voioe. " Then I pronounce you man and wiffl< Go to tbe devil." The rope tightened, but as he went np the barber uttered a wild, demoni&o; laugh. Then with the shadow of the sierras gathering around him, lie hong dead. Try as he might Abe eould not shake off the influence of that langh. It was a ghost in his life. "My Goal" he eoreamed, as he sprang from his seat a day or two afterward. " I understand it now." " Understand what, love?" asked his beautiful bride, looking np from the bite of an apple. " I know why be laughed. I know why the barber laughed with hiB dying breath," he moaned. " Gracious goodness 1 What was it for ? she demanded, with dimpling smiles. " Because he died without giving us a marriage certificate." With a wild shriek the Boston girl sank dead at hia feeK The barber was avenged.* -Brooklyn Eagle. 