“VENGEANCE IS MINE.” j>y r.\rr. Ash. o CHAPTER IV. now ! On tlio Tuesday Mr. Honvini called upon his friends in Third Avenue as if nothing' had occurred between Flora and himself on the previous night. He was quite unintelligible to her. She had imagined lie would have discovered some sudden reason for departing southwards immediately. Not at all. He wore his most suave manner and his happiest face to-day. He congratulated both ladies on the brilliant success of the previous night ; and much to Flora’s surprise, in which a streak of pleasure, lurked too, 1m referred gaily to tin' encomiums passed upon a certain youth ful pair, who would he nameless. The air around him was full of buzzings, which, in fact, indicated, if coming- events cast their shadow, in the shape of gossip, before that— well, 1m must he silent, for {xottn rare), “here comes one of the shadows ; and, mv dear inadame, there is not a liner or more substan tial one in the city. I beg- only to remind you of that, not to inform you.” Flora blushed with pleasure, at hearing the latter words from such an unexpected quarter. The colonel entered, looking gay and genial. He had been down in the ISowery on business and just returned, ready to eat the “ knobs oil' the doors,” as he expressed it. Orders were- accordingly given for luncheon. Of course the evening party was the lirst topic. Mrs. (ioldhright’s diamonds were criticised. Mr. Honvini slily asked Arthur’s opinion of them, and was scarcely surprised to hear the young soldier declare that he did not notice them, although he had danced with the lady. Madame could not forbear from laughing with Flora, even while sin; pitied the sim plicity of that “great child.” Hut the “great child” said that the very cream of his evening was the ten minutes’ chat with Mr. Gilford the poet. The planter, with thoughtful eye, regarded this young man, who seemed to him to he equally at home with a trilie; or a politi cal problem. And even Flora, although she lost a little, sigh, confessed to herself that she could just hardly blame him much. Hut if it was any other than Mr. Clifford she might really think 81ie began to observe a slight change steal ing gradually over Mr. Honvini’s manner whenever lie addressed her mother or herself. He grew more attentive to madame ; and frequently touched in with a camel's hair brush, as it were, a little rosy or violet com pliment referring to her taste in dress, in parties, her instinctive judgment in important matters, the high estimation in which her friends who knew her intimately could not fail to hold her. And finally a few personal perspectives were aimed at, which set Flora thinking and regarding him strangely. To wards the daughter he became more gentle if possible, but more paternal. He spoke of ber in her own hearing1, but to her mother as that “dear child,'’ that sweet, wilful little pet, their “ capricious darling1,” and so on. It made her very restless and irritable to hear such ex pressions poured out so tenderly in his oily voice. But she knew it would be ridiculous to make a scene about it ; particularly as her mother seemed to be somehow more pleased than ever with the polite tormentor, and the colonel when present only laughed at such remarks. He might just have taken it some other way, and have given Mr. Bonvini a hint that—-—. But the good-natured, careless fellow did not ; and so things went on until Wednesday morning. They are in the drawing-room ; and Flora has just begun, with ready alacrity, to respond to Arthur’s somewhat off-hand request to “ hammer out that old ‘ Banner,’ ” which the young lady had vowed, to herself, she could never, never bear the sound of again, when a servant firings in a telegram for the “kernel.” He reads at once : “ Indians up along border. Threaten positions. Come straight.” He banded the paper carelessly to his aunt, and saying to the attendant that still waited near the door : “ Send Wilding here.” “ Well, upon my word,” said Mrs. Lamont in a displeased tone. “ If he is not called back to duty already. And to these dreadful Indians too, that always murder people in their beds.” The piano ceased, instanter ; and Mr. Bon vini, while receiving the telegram from madame’s hand, did not lose sight of her daughter’s suddenly blanched face and en larged eyes. Her lingers began to intertwine nervously ; but she sat with parted lips, from which not a word fell for some moments. Arthur said : “ Nonsense, auntie, how can you talk in that way,” taking out a railway guide, which he began to look through. “Ah, Wilding, is that you ?” The man saluted and stood still as a chair. The colonel continued : “ Pack up your plunder and have the car riage round to the door. When everything is ready conn? and tell me.'’ The soldier, a leathern-looking man of middle age, who had followed the young officer through the. war, again saluted and withdrew. He did not speak a word. The ladies regarded this trained automaton with surprise, knowing to what an extent the copia ■cerbonna obtained amongst their own ser vants. “ Is the poor man dumb, Arthur?1’ asked Madame. “I guess not, auntie ; but Dave knows better than to speak to his commanding officer before he is questioned.” “ It’s prime to be a soldier,” said Flora acidly. “And when I say soldier I mean the ‘ commanding officer’ too, who is com manded like a school boy. I thought slavery was abolished.” Mr. Bonvini smiled, but the colonel laughed. The former said gently : “ I t is the sad fortune of war—of uncertain, dangerous war. We know not to-day what, to-morrow may bring forth. Terrible un certainty.” Madame and Flora trembled. Both looked anxiously at the colonel, who was still hunt ing through his time-table. “ It’s scarcely worth your while, Arthur, to send away your things until you think of going yourself. You brought so little, you know.” “ I know, auntie, and I guess I don’t moan to.” Mr. Bonvini regarded him attentively. Flora anxiously. “ Then whatever do you want the carriage round for in such a hurry ? Oh ! I see, you have business in the city.” “ I guess not. But I just like, to have a bell near my hand always. It’s handy when ever one wishes to ring.”. “ Did you ever hear such a hare-brain, Mr. Bonvini? dust like Flora. I ask about the carriage and he talks about a bell.” Must I thank you, mama, in the name of the hare-brains ?” asked Flora. “Cousin Arthur is thinking of speculating in railway shares, and aint got time, I guess.” “ The colonel is a soldier,” observed Mr Bonvini, “ and as such likes to make his pre parations promptly.” “ But then' aint any such hurry, T am cer tain,” said Mrs Lamont. After dinner he might begin to think of preparation if he is so eager about it. Anil by the end of the week lie can make up his mind when he must start.” Arthur shut his guide and looked up. “By the end of next week I shall be at Brent’s Fort on the Arkansas, I calculate, auntie.” “ Good gracious me !” cried that lady, hold ing up her hands. “ What do you think of that, Mr. Bonvini ? Did you ever hear the like. Flora? You aint got wings, child, have you ?” “ I guess the Philadelphia and New Pacific will lend me a pair,” replied the young man smiling. “ Perhaps he is in a hurry to get away from here,” said Flora. “We must be very dull.” “ The colonel’s penetration or something else must be very great to discover that,”' observed Mr. Bonvini. “ Or my stupidity, eh, Mr. Bonvini?” said Arthur gaily. “ Out with it, man. It’s just | the right word. I should be indeed hard to satisfy if L were not pleased with all that dear little auntie has done for ray comfort and happiness ; and cousin Flo, too.” Cousin Flo detected something in this that did not ring fully enough for her. “ I hail thoughts of going South with you,, colonel,” observed Mr. Bonvini, who had no such intention, “ as far as our road should lie together. But we can arrange that by-and bye.” “ By-and-bye had better be quick, Mr. Bonvini,” returned Arthur with a smile. The sound of wheels could be heard outside. “You will have plenty of leisure to talk it over after dinner,” said mudame. “ But when do you really think of going— at the earliest?” asked Mr. Bonvini. “ Now !” was the reply, as the door re opened ; and the orderly appeared on the threshold, and saluting, exclaimed : “ Beady, kernel !” “ Did any one ever see such a wild crea ture ?” said' Mrs. Lamont. “ As full of light ning as my poor, dear brother. And those dreadful Indians !” u Snakes !” thought Mr. B., as he observed the rapid leave-taking. “ I must like this fine prompt fellow, even if I should have to A warm “ So long” to aunt and cousin, who both looked as if they had just seen a ghost ; and almost before they were aware of it the one whom they both loved best on earth was gone. But they were to see him just once more in life. Mi'. Bonvini accompanied the colonel to the station. At parting the planter said : “ If you can iiinl Colonel de-’s young est son, just send him on to me. I have no one, and would like to look after him, for his father’s sake.” “ I shall mention your wishes to Frank,” returned Arthur, as they shook hands. “ 1 guess, in any case, I shall try and find poor C-, if he is alive.” And the train steamed off. The planter did'not return to Madame Lament's, but went to his own hotel instead. “ I reckon I’ll just leave them to the senti mental, to-day,” he reflected. “ But I 11 look in upon them to-morrow, and begin operations in earnest. And the foundation shall be a bouquet of this young fellow’s praises, ottered to madame. It’s extraor dinary the capacity for faith a man, who is not a'fuol, can create in a woman. But that ain’t it. Snakes ! what a piece of putty my young Lady Disdain is in his hands : but what a Hint in mine. If 1 could only lift her up to the clouds, how my heart would dance, to cast her back into the dust. It will repay all to have her weeping at my feet.” The Sioux tribe, with which he had spent two hunting seasons fifteen years before, had seen into him, with the keen insight of in stinct, when they named him the “,/m/Mc/'.” The colonel also had his thoughts, as lie steamed south, for Philadelphia and Balti more. Prom the latter ciQ he deteimined,, instead of going straight on to Washington, to diverge, and crossing the Potomac at Harper's Perry, sweep westwards through Vir ginia. lie wished to call at W heeling, to leave a few verbal orders with his overseer ; and for a more tender purpose still. He would then continue west, through Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, striking the New Pacific,, at Quincy, by the Mississippi and on the borders of Missouri. He should then have a long, and almost straight run, until at Sheri daiq on the western verge of Kansas, he would bend south, on to the Union Pacific,. just completed, wliicdi would take him di rectly to Bent’s Fort, of which lie, was com mandant, in the south-west of Colorado. “ In this way,” thought the young; soldier, as he mapped out the route in his mind, “ I shall cut otf that big northern hend, by the lakes (the ordinary way), and so save a few hundred miles. And host of all, I shall see my little darling, into the bargain—my sweet little Ada.” This young- lady was the daughter of a neighbouring; planter, who had gone down in the big struggle, leaving the widow to mourn, with her only child. After a little, the current of the colonel’s thoughts flowed in tin.1 direction of duty. “ T should not, have, come,” lie reflected, “and the Crows and Apaches so restless. Still, I know Auntie would have hc.cn disap pointed, and she is a, good soul. And Captain de- is a keen blade, although three years younger than I am. Poor Frank ! ITow lonely he must he. Even poor young' C in a red grave, [ fear. Aye, dear ?” lie gave a deep sigh, and took out his cigar ■case. “ 1 guess T understand that giddy, silly Flora, notr. It was plain enough at the hall. Ever}' one lived me, too. And T never sus pected it before. What would dear little Aila think, if she knew I was hanging about this lovely, capricious girl. It would do Flora a heap of good, if they were together a bit. Ada is so wise, and gentle, and aecom plislied, and so full of self- control. Sorrow has done that for the poor little angel. But I guess ’’(with a smile to himself), “they would’nt agree very long—on one side at least.” He lit a cigar, and continued his reflec tions : “I guess I’ll keep cleai- of York until I’m fixed. But the}' will expect me at Christmas. Hem ! I shall sec. lhit that smooth Mr. Bon vini. What in thunder can he he hanging about, Auntie’s for. lie doesn’t seem to mean anything there. But 1 just calculate lie’s up to some move ; and he ain’t the. man to play square if his advantages lies another way. And he ain’t wasfinghis time in that location for nothing, I bet. Well, if he plays serpent at Auntie’s, he may just reckon upon getting mv compliments, wrapped up in a bullet. That’s clear. Confound the stupid weed !” He flung it away impatiently, and lit another. “ J wisli f was to Wheeling, and with dear little Ada,” he muttered, with that dance of the feelings, which is very rarely carried info agin “Snakes! To think I must slide again so soon. But patience, and next May. Ah, yes! Yexf May. What a. dear' little puss she is. As good and wise, as she is sweet and fond. Ah !” He leant hack with an involunatary sigh, and with half shut eyes, while smoking luxnrionslv, drifted away into a day-dream, which will he dreamt to the end of time : and alas ! too often in vain. (to 111 NTINUKO.) 