WAKBERAL. By Henet Kendall JtrST a shell, to which the seaweed, glittering jet with greenness clings, Like the song that once I loved so, softly of the old time singB — Softly of the old time speaketh — bringing ever back to me Sights of far-off lordly forelands — glimpses of me sounding sea 2 Now the cliffs are all before me — now, indeed, do I behold Shining growths on wild wet billheads, quiet pools of green and gold. And, across the gleaming beaches, lo the mighty flow and fall Of the great ingathering waters thundering under Wamberal ! , Back there are the pondering mountains — there the dim dumb ranges loom Ghostly shapes in dead grey vapour — half- seen peaks august with gloom. There the voice of troubled torrents, hidden in unfathomed deeps, Known to moss and faint green sunlight, wanders down the oozy steeps. There the lake of many runnels nestles in a windless wild Par amongst thickfolded forests, like a radiant human child. And beyond surf-smitten uplands — high above the highest spur — Lo ! the clouds like tents of tempest on the crags of Encumber 1 Wamberal, the home of echoes ! Hard against a streaming strand, Sits the hill of blind black caverns, at the limits of the land. Here the haughty water marches — here the flights of straightened sea Make a noise like that of trumpets, breaking wide across the lea ! But behold, in yonder crescent that a ring of island locks Are the gold and emerald cisterns shining moordike in the rocks ! Clear, bright cisterns, zoned by mosses, where the faint wet blossoms dwell With the leaf of many colours — down beside the starry shell. Friend of mine beyond the mountains, here and here the perished days Come like sad reproachful phautoins, in the deep grey evening haze — Come like ghosts, and sit beside me when the noise of day is still, And the rain is on the window, and the wind is on the hill. Then they linger, but they speak not, while my memory roams and roams Over scenes by death made sacred — other lands and other homes ! Places sanctified by sorrow — sweetened by that face of yore — Pace that you and I may look on (friend and brother) nevermore ! Seasons come with tender solace — time kicks neither light nor rest ; But the old thoughts were such dear ones, and the old days seem the best. And to those who've loved and suffered every pulse of wind or rain — Every song with sadness in it, brings the peopled Past again. Therefore, just this shell yet dripping, with this weed of green and grey, Sets me thinking — sets me dreaming of the places far away : Dreaming of the golden rockpoole— of the foreland and the fall ; And the home behind the mountains looming over Wamberal; 