/ Old Playbills. i -.No. 8.'" \ "They are the abstracts and brief chron- ./ Iclo3 of,,.tliejtimo."— Hamlet, Act 2, Scene 2. f \In order, to render:' these series as X interesting . as jwssible to ,our. many- \ "reader, me invite the loan of old f playbills 'for the purpose df pMica- J tion, wh i.eh shall he returned: at 'earliest y opportunity. Please forward \Editor , ( LorGneTte Office, R&y;'al i,ahe, 'Mel- ) bourne. f. Under 'most depressing circum- ) stances the " eminent " ' tragedian, Mr y Barry Sullivan, made his first appear- a, e«i 1 1 -> uciuiv c«ti Auoilaii&u; QUUtvULC au Y the Theatre Royal (ni>w burnt down) Y on the evening of Saturday, August / 9, 1862. .The stage had been used for y some time before, 'as a home for Bur- C ton's circus, and the equestrian season / only closed on the previous evening. Y The stage and theatre was in a filthy C condition, and only a scratch company / could be got together for the legitimate seasori. !j The play waS "Hamlet," Y with Hit Sulllvari as the moody /Dane,.' / and'he waS supported — if-oui" 'memory Y fails ns not — by Mr. Henry Neil. Y Warner as The Ghost' ; Mr T. Belfield, / The King ; poor dead and gone "Paddy' Y Gardiner (father of' the lite' Mrs 1 Y Alfred Phillips), as Polnious — with a / most delicious Irish brogue ; Mr- )' Harry Jackson as First Gravedigger, X Mr Charles Poole as The Queen , and / Miss- Joey Gougeribeim as Ophelia: -The y " star " becariie naturally disappointed C and playsd but a very short season, ) and then went up to the Princess- y Theatre and played in conjunction, r with Mr Joseph Jefferson. Sydney ) then became 'the scene of his'triumphs, y but, before leaving Melbourne for that (.. city, he skid that it was his, intention ) to returri'to Melbourne, to run' a thria- , Y tre of. his own, and would engage the / best company that had ever been got \ together in the Southern Hemisphere. . y That this was no idle boast will be / . borne out on perusing the following y bill of the play ) ' THEATRE ROYAL. \ 1 Sole Lessea.and Manager.. .Mr Barry Sutliuan., ) The Public are Informed that the above mng- ( . niflcent Temple of the Drama- will rre-open ) ' under the above management. C THISEVENING, SATURDAY MARCH 7,1863 ( During the recess, the following alterations y ' and improvements have been effected, viz , j f The entrance to the DrcsS 'Circle his been . ) entirely renovited, newly carpeted, and ad- ditional lights and chandeliers introduce d. < \ ' The Dress Circle seats have been enlarged f and a -greater intermediate space -allowed -to ) each occupant, making them combined with (' luxurious getting up all that the ino3t fas-; \ idious can desire. f \ The'lady 'patrons to the-Dress Circle are also ) informedtbdt the' .cloak roopi,.ivith its. atten- . dants, also tho two new retiring rooms, eie- Y gantly furriishe'd, lire ' placed' at their setvifce r entirely' free Pf charge. ) The stall seats hiive been rostuffed. and im- . Y The.stage footlights so arranged, and the ; new orchestra so formed . as to -give additional i comfort to the numerous patrons of this 'ile- . lightful part of the liouse. y The upper oirclo seats have beeh re-arranged, r. raised, and backed, which, with the, additional . y lightirig'and the veritildtion' introduced will , make the upper circle perfect for seeing, hear- 1 ing, and comfort. The pit hue been entirely cleansed, and will l maintain Its prominent-position in the publio , estimation. 1 ! The gallery has also received an improvement ' which it, is hoped, wilt give additional domfort 1 and convenience to its patrons. , 