A VICTORIAN ABSCONDER AT SALT LAKE CITY. HE EMBRACES MORMONISM. HIS WIFE DIES OF A BROKEN HEART. THE FELLOW ARRESTED AND TRIED FOR POLYGAMY. Our readers will remember that some months since A. F. Greig, bookkeeper to Messrs James Paterson and Co., secretary to the Footscray Gas Company, and an ex- councillor of tbe borough, suddenly disappeared, taking with him a considerable sum of money belonging to the firm by whom he was em- ployed. A warrant for his arrest was issued, but owing to the zeal and assistance of his wife be got safely away. Subsequently she started a subscription list amongst her friends for the purpose of going to her parents in New Zealand, Several of the lead- ing residents of Footscray liberally sub- scribed. Eventually she left, and the next heard from the parties were papers received by the San Francisco mail. From these we give full details of the death of Mrs Grelg, and the arrest of the absconder on a charge of poly- gamy. The extracts speak for themselves :- A year or so ago Greig left Australia and went to New Zealand, and made a short stop there ; then came to Utah with that smooth Saint, Elder Pearce. Last May or June, Greig arrived in Ogden, then paid a visit to Pearce in Salt Lake, re- ceived his Endowment robes and became an apt scholar, and returning to Ogden, soon be- came bookkeeper in tho Ogden branch of the Z.C.M.I., and has held that position ever since. It was not long before he formed an acquaintance with Belle Reader, no inmate of a house of ill-fame of this city, whom he after- wards took to reside in a house he purchased, made additions to and furnished luxuriantly - and supplied with a full retinue of servants. It is claimed that he failed in his efforts to procure a permit both at Ogden and at Salt Lake City to pass through the Endowment House. Every luxury seemed to be indulged in by the occupants of that new house, and the bills for carriages, livery, champagne, etc., were large, and promptly met by Greig who seemed to possess an abundance for all these demands. Weeks and months thus passed, furnishing grounds for all sorts of rumors and gossip in reference to these personages. Finally, Mrs. Greig and her little daughter arrived from New Zealand and found a rented house nicely furnished for their home and comfort. Mrs. Greig was a quiet and intelligent lady, with frail health, and made few, if any acquaint- ances, after arriving in this city. Many ladies would have gladly administered con- solation and done anything in the world for her, but the situation was such, because of her husband's crimes and deceptions against her peace and happiness, that few called upon her, and in the hour of affliction few confiding spirits hovered around her bedside. Soon after her arrival and while apparently happy in the idea of a husband's undivided love, the blunder of a butcher boy awoke her to the facts, and for ever drove happiness from her soul, and in less than two months she is dragged down with A BROKEN HEART. She sinks to rest. Grant that she may find that rest and peace for which every Christian heart longs, that rest and peace in heaven which was denied her here. On the afternoon of the 19th inst. the funeral services were held at the house where the lady died. The attendance numbered many who went more in sympathy for the little girl and her dead mother, than those in sympathy or out of respect to him. Barnard White was mastor of ceremonies, and after singing, prayer and some remarks, David M. Stuart made the most prominent address, in which the most noted point was that the deceased could not be at once saved and go to heaven, but would have to go to some undescribed country and await there until certain ordinances of God, revealed in the Bible and the Book of Mormon, should be observed, and then she can be brought out by means of prayers and baptisms of her friends. He cautioned and prayed that the husband and daughter might so live in the future that their lives might bo such in the sight of God that they could be baptised, especially the husband, to redeem her so as she can enter heaven. No matter what the husband had done in the past, if he so lived in the future, he may and probably will be forgiven. He spoke in high terms of the deceased lady. Manager Sears spoke with much feeling, and Bishop Flygare also addressed those present. Barnard White stated that Mrs Greig had, be believed, lived up to all the principles of the religion she had learned. During the gathering of the persons in at- tendance, Greig greeted persons whom he met with such expression as, " IT IS A FINE DAY " and through the service showed no emotion whatever, and really was the least concerned of any among the auditors. Many followed the hearse to the grave, and to lookers-on it was indeed a sad cortege, wben viewed in re- ference to the present Utah situation. The handsome casket containing all that was mor- tal of this lady bore a silver plate, on which was inscribed: — "Margaret Meldrum, beloved wife of A. F. Greig, died Jan. 17, 1881, aged 29 years and 3 months." Below this was a metallic Bible, on which was the following inscription :— "HOLY BIBLE." " BLESSED ARE THOSE THAT DIE IN THE FAITH. " What mockery do we see in all this, to- wards her whose young life went out with a weird like wail for the lost love of him who had promised to love, cherish, protect and nurse. She died for want of that love, yet in her last moments she received the sympathy of even fallen sisters at the sight of one so young, so fair, so deceived, dying a lingering death among strangers, at least ten thousand miles away from her home in the land of sunshine. What pen can portray the agonies, the pent- up sufferings of this young, beautiful and pure- hearted woman and mother, with heart-break- ing sufferings, and the thought of leaving the only tie, in the form of a dear bright daughter of ten years, among and in the care of A LUSTFUL CHURCH, perhaps in her turn to be a victim of a lustful priesthood. Let our readers imagine the last passionate embrace, the falling tears, the part- ing blessing and the wish that she could take her along from the sorrows of this life, truly a baptism of sorrow which that child then re- ceived and will never forget. What must be the feelings of this BRUTE IN HUMAN SHAPE, what must his feeling be when he considers and recalls these scenes, when glamour has passed away, and he reflects, as reflect he must, for not all the waters of fabled Lethe can drown the memories of that time when he first met this martyr, when she was just budding into womanhood, of those scenes of promised constancy uttered by him how he wooed and wedded ; sketched out bright dreams of love and happiness in the future, alas! which were never realised. How she became a crown of glory unto her husband; how, through vicissi- tudes and privations, she followed his fortunes and bore his crimes; how she placed the first tribute of their affection in his arms when she made him father, how she taught its little hands and prattling lips to pray for blessing of his now miscreant head; how he received her letters written in faith and love; how she clasped him on her arrival in this, to her, the Valley of Death, and after this to think, for what has HE MURDERED HER; for what did he throw her embraces of love to the winds, lose the respect of all moral men, blight the prospects of his child and brand himself a felon. The harlot's embrace, a strumpet's caresses, a wanton's kiss, a future cell in prison where he may ponder like be described in Dante's Inferno, truly he may say without hope, for, like Banquo's ghost, thoughts will not down, but be ever pre- sent to rack tbo brain of him who has sinned so greatly. In his thoughts he may re- member that " she my wife hungered for love, and I gave her a casket and a grave among strangers and in a strange land;" that the pangs of Tantulus were nothing compared to those of that wife as she saw the stream of her husband's affections dashed pass her without being able to partake of them. Had to her be it said, "truly God is love when he gives his beloved sleep." Oh, how long, how long, will the blood of our martyred sisters cry to heaven for justice in this land of Utah, which has so long been given up to the curse of polygamy and all the crimes of a lustful priestcraft, and become the great cave of Adullam, where all the vicious of earth can find succor and accom- places in their crimes. But THE SADDEST FEATURE. of all this sorrowful story is that such crimes as those of Greig are not only permitted to be enacted, but that we have here a Church which is the ruling power of Utah and even controls National legislation, which has polygamy for its most prominent corner stone and practices the disgusting crime in the name of Christ. It is for the perpetuation of just such crimes and for the protection of such criminals as Greig, Q. Cannon is sent to Congress, backed up by the wealth of the tithing funds, wrenched from the voteries of the church. The civilised world stands aghast at such sights in the Nine- teenth Century in progressive and Chris- tian America, while our Government supinely looks on, inactively permit- ting just such crimes and murders to go on and on, and the criminal actos, instead of having a just punishment meted out to them, are oftener exalted to positions of trust and honor at the hands of the Church which per- mits and perpetuates these crimes among its members. But our Mormon neighbors may say that Greig's actions were not sanctioned by the Church? Why, then, was he permitted to hold the highest position next to manager in that concern known as Zion's Co-operative Mercan- tile Institution, which could not live in this day and generation were it not backed up by the Church? Why was he called before the high council of this stake of Zion that the scandal of his acts might be allayed in this community? And it is equally pertinent to ask why Greig went before that high council, and made a clean breast of the fact that he had lived with this woman of the town, and by whom he would soon become a father. If the church did not sanction his acts in a degree, why did that high council order that he should support that woman for one year, and to put a stop to the stench his acts had gained, which brought odium upon the institution doing buisiness under the cabalistic sign of "Holiness to the Lord," encircling the all-seeing eye, order that he should cease living with her? Again, in the same Junction, in which we find the death notice, we find this local effu- idor, DIED OF PERITONITIS. By reference to our death notices our read- ers will learn of the demise of Mrs Margaret M. Greig, wife of Mr A. M. Greig, of this city. The deceased lady had been afflicted with a severe case of peritonitis for years, while living in England, and about ten days ago she was taken seriously ill, succumb- ing to the incurable malady last night. The sorrowing husband and child have the sincere condolence of their numerous friends, and will find comfort for their sad bereavement from Him whose balm healeth all wounds here be- low with the joyful assurance of a sad meet- ing beyond. No words of sorrow for the one now beyond earth's sorrows, but promises "of a glad meet- ing beyond" between her a victim who died of a broken heart, and him who caused that death. The future is too sad, too unnatural for poor humanity to accept, only through that repentance and mercy from heaven. But the last sad rites have been performed. It may be much in mockery— the grave has its own, and the now saintly woman will soon be forgotten. UNDER ARREST. But now justice is about to assert her sway and light is breaking in on these dark scenes. Justice long delayed will, we hope, mete out her merited punishment. Greig is now under ar- rest for his crime of polygamy and will have his hearing before U. S. Commissioner Spragne to-morrow in Salt Lake City. The inquiry may be made, why this arrest so soon after the funeral, and in justice to Oscar Van Dercoan, who made the arrest, the statement is due that the warrant was issued two weeks ago, and the arrest was not made sooner be- cause of the condition of Mrs. Greig, whom it was wished to spare any unnecessary pain. Now that she has played her part in this sad drama of life, it was feared the brute who has caused such sorrow might get away from his just punishment, and hence no time was lost. 