CURIOUS EPITAPHS. Pinyin g with language, experimenting on tho meanings of wot do, panning on dupliaato or triplioate significations, Hiving a saroascio rab to those who ar» no longer in a position to return tho favour, dis playing ignoranoo in attempts to manifest wit, *' Chambers " Bays, are moro abundant in the prepa ration of Epitaphe than tho world generally supposes. All ia not solomnity and sorrow in tho thoughts of the oonoootors of thoso effusions. Sometimos a pun or play on the namo is introduood ; ?nob. as in tho epitaph on John White : Hora lios John, a shining light, Whoso nnuno, lifo, actions, all wore "White. The following waa rather epigrammatic than #pitaphio, in regard to the Rev. John Ghost : Bonan th this spot lies huried Ono Ghost within nnother ¡ Tho outer choRt was all that's good P Who soya DO of tho pthor ? William Wilton, buried in Lambeth, certainly did not write the epitaph whioh bears relation to him. : Here lies W. W" Who never more will trouble you, trouble 3ou, Nor, we may Bat ely assert, did Owen Moore himself pen tho following : Owen Mooro is gone away', Owin'moro than he could pay. More likely to be genuine aro those epitaphs whioh involve a bit of bad logie, syntax, or grammar in their composition. In a graveyard at Montrose is said to be the following: Hero lyesltho bodies of George Young and all their posterity Por fifty years backwards. And in Wrexham churchyard aa follows :- - . Here lies Ave babies and children dear, , '. Three ot Oswestry, and two here. Akin to this in logical blundering ia :- , - ' Hero lies the remains of Thomas Milsolm, who died in Philadelphia, Maroh, 1753} Had he lived he would have Doon burled here. And another at Nettlobed, in Oxfordshire j Hero lies Father and Mother and Sister and I j "We all diod within tho Bpaoo of one short year; "Wo bo all buried at Wimble, oxoopt I j And I bo buried hero. Others, attain, are delightfully circumstantial, such as that of John Adams : Hero Hos John Adams, who rt ooivod a thump, IUght on tho forehead, from tho parish pump, I Or a touch of jollity in them, aa this from Newbury Churchyard : . Here lays John, with Itanry his bride They lived and they laughed while they was able, . And at last was obliged to knock under tho table, Or suggestively laconio, aa in the following from St. Miohael'a, Crookod-lane : Hero lies, wrapped la clay, lho-body of William Wray ] I havo no more to say. 