As will have been noticed by our lust issue the intended National Park picnic collapsed. There can be little doubt that the Trustees were very much pestered for invitations to the . picnic, but if their fears generally were as ' unfounded as regarding the 'sixty' uninvited guests Mr. Want lmd heard were going from Wollnnr^n iit tn intrude :I t. the demonstration, a ? ? ? ? o © — ? ? ? ? ? ? — ' false alarm had a deal to do with preventing tho carrying out of the affair. It is true that a few persons here wer« talking in a jocular manner about hiring coaches and going to the National' Park 011 the picnic days taking with them all requisite provisions for their own entertainment. The idea was put forward only as a joke, however, unci even in that being done uo intention was expressed to join the picnic to-be given by the Trustees, or trespass upon it in any way. On the contrary, the main condition put forward was that each 'person going from Wollongong should take his ' own tucker' with him. But no individual intended to go from this district except the few thai were invited. The supposed Wollongong contingent which appears to have tended to terrify tho Trustees was therefore a second edition of the Kiama Ghost kind of scare. It is much to be regretted, however, that any cause prevented the holding of tho intended public picnic, as a visit to the National Park could not fail to attract public attention to that part of the country and the South Coast generally, but even the great ado about the picnic, will have a great effect in this way. As so many persons appear to have been anxious- to be invited to the picnic, those disappointed by the collapse of the affair cinnotbea few. Tho very fact of so much having been said and published regarding the | abortive - attempt to hold the picnic must to : some extent answer the purposes intended by the generous Trustees who desired to give the entertaiment. But it is to be hoped some substitute for the frustrated picnic will take place before the close of this summer. A very good suggestion has been made to the effect that the public should now invite the Trustees to a public picnic in the National Park. In all probability this could be carried out most successfully in the event of the matter being taken in hand by a fe-v active and intelligent gentlemen. Say, for instance, that the charge for admission be half a guinea per head, and that tickets for tho occasion be disposed of up to ft given date. By such an arrangement, a Committee of gentlemen could carry out a picnic upon an immense scalo if need be, as the exact number intending to bo present would bo known before hand, and tho power of invitation would rest with each individual who might feel disposed to spend half a guinea for the purpose. Some such arrangement as this would overcome the difficulty before which the Trustees had to succumb. It may be said the community has lias nit the slightest idea of the natural charms of various parts of the National Park, and the sooner such ignorance is dispelled the better. The Trustees have just caused to be published a map of the Park, showing its general outlines and many of its more prominent features, in eluding creeks, lagoons, waterfalls, heights, wooled dells, ruvines, and table lands. In addition to these representations, the map shows all the roads and bridle paths recently i opened by the Trustees, the aggregate length | of stub ? being forty six mile's. Tho llluwavra ??ail way route also is indicated vory clearly, following as it does for aovcral miles tho course of Port Hacking Creek. Altogether the map affords a large amount of most interesting information respecting the 3G,300 acres whic'i constitute the National Park, and which at no distant time will become as popular and ivel| known to the general inhabitants of Illawarra as Tom Thumb Bowers now is to tho people of Wollongong. In a recent issue, the very important fact that the Illawarra Miners' Union or Protective Association had ceased to exist was announced by our Bulli correspondent. With that gentleman, we join in hoping that tho effect may be beneficial as regards the inte:ests of the men and masters concerned. What has brought about the dissolution of the Union is best known to those who had most to do with its management, especially of late. If its operations tended to be injurious to the interests of the coal trade of tho district including those alike of masters and men, its collapse must prova a blessing. If, on the other hand, the absence of union on the part of the men will induce tha practice of injustice by masters in any instance, the extinction of the Miners' Protective Association has been a public calamity. Our own opinion has been, and still is, that a Union of such woikmon as coalminers faiilv and legitimately aonductcd should be an advantage aliko to men aiid masters. But in the wisdom of men carrying on such an association, and in the equity of their demands, rests the whole matter. Un fortunately it is not always either cool heads or temperate deliberations that prevail in Union meetings. It is true that such meetings are not exceptions in this respect, but it is equally true that rashness frequently-character ises their proceedings and seriously damages tho cause sought to be advanced. This was painfully apparent in connection with the recent strike' in this district. Before the men at any of the collieries ceased work, we counselled calm and careful consideration on their part, pointing that one false step might lead to disastrous consequences. Tho results of the opposite course which was pursued are now too well known. Nothing was gained by 1.1,1- tho nnnf.»,.«-r ,v„ = W-I- I-,. ........v,, J, ......... . J tho Bulli and Mount Pleasant miners. By a judicious understanding arrived , at between Mr. Stuart and his men at Coal- Cliff, the)' earned between £1000 and £2000 pending tho settlement of their dispute by arbitration. Meanwhile the Bulli and Mount Pleasant men had earned nothing, and in the end had to re turn to work no better off in regard to price than Coal Cliff. In connection with the late strike, therefore, the Union availed the men nothing to their advantage. Let it now be hoped, if even against hope, that such a mutual good understanding will continue be tween masters and men in this district, that no cause for complaint will arise on either side. 