The Poacher's Ghost. Now one night, out with old "Tim the Glint," and some other ne'er-do-weels of the country, the peeler patrol approaching by the road gave him a scare, though still at a considerable dis- tance. At onoe be struck a lucifer match to hu companions, warning them of the danger abroad, and aa rapidly descended to the ground from the tree where he had been ordered for observation. Taking every by-path known to him, he came oat on an old fellow's land, a grim curmudgeon, who, catching a glimpse of his figure against the sky, knew at once hu customer, together with his character for evil deeds, and hia deep-seated superstition. Thinking he was after his hen roost, or at least his turnips, he determined to give him a fright, and that, too, not by any means known to the law. Seeing an immense mangold before the fellow came on, he plucked it with a jerk from the ground, and plased it over the top of his head, oovering his face the while with his handkerchief, and standing still as the grave, while by was speeding the unlucky bird poacher. " Waw—aw—aw—oo—oo—aw 1" a repetition of groans that seemed to start out of the earth rang upon his affrighted ears ! He stopped; his hair began to rise ;he peered into the gloom ; he saw a gigantic figure before him, and in an effort of despairing nature uttered a cry. "Waw—aw—-aw—oo 1" again rang the groan. The fellow took off his hat and piously crossed himself; then he felt, as he afterwards said, the rale courage of a Christian. " Ho! I —agh—ah—Misther. In the name o' the twelve deadly sins, spake I Spake if ye're a livin' man, for—for—for—l'm greatly freetened." "I'm not a livin' man," rang out the hollow voice, in a tone that froze the fellow's marrow ; "I am a ghost, so I am." " Oo—oo—oo I " Oh, lor«a -mess y—forgive I 0 deckrofungis Elavi Katchee, amin. Save me sowl in pinitince an' purgatory. 0 solemn Saint KullumkilL What's this fur at all ? What did I ever to you, ghost ? lax you that in the name o' nine blessed mandhromarvins comin'." "Stole me bins—stole me duoks—stole me geese," echoed the voice of the ghost "Ah 1 blessed Pether, if I'm to be sot on by everybody's ghost that I robbed fowl from, I'd better die at wanat, for livin' would be a torthur." "I'm watehin' you these four yean," said the ghost. 14 O lor, more worser an' worse. Would you have any objection to me wipin' aff the passfyrashun, aur V v Four years ; but now I have you at last I'm not allowed to spake to ye, by raison of ye havin' a tamer dog mostly wid you ; but prepare to come wid me. I have you now." " 0 sur, 0 murther; 0 think o' me dotin' father, an' me lovin' family, sur. Oif an oort swore on the twilve pinnytenshal psalms, but, that Til stale no more from you, will prevint you from thrubblin* me, Til do it right offi" " Well then ■ware," said the voioe. " Now, mind you, I'm the father's ghost of the man that owns the land, and, be the morchal, if ever I ketch you agin, down to purgattery ye go; and instead of takin' my hand on my promise, here, take my head." And he flung the mangold full at him. Down dropped the unhappy fly-by-night in a fit, where he was found a half imbecile in the morning ; but from that good hour out has led an altered life.—Tttucfrafed Sporting and Dramatic Newt. 