GRANDMOTHERS MUSINGS. Iftght falls apace. Shades gather round us. Dim mysteries. Present, futcre, past. Each brings its ghost of sorrows, or of hopes, Glory, and grief, and gladness, gliding fast. What once we were. What once we meant to be. Dear Past! locked up in childhood and in prime, When heart-beats thrilled with buoyant life, Free step and brow, alike untouched by time. Dead Pasts ! where lie so much of brave endeavour, Of trustful hope, and patience strong to bear, Of love rewarded, and that same love hung'ring Fat some faint token, that not vain its care. Dead Pasts ! made up of presents and of f atures. Laden with crowns of roses and of thorn. Twining of garlands, mixed with sable raiment, Paeans [sung in triumph, heart-breakings to be borne. Night falls apace—and still the shadows trooping, Flit o'er the picture canvas Memory weaves, And on this present, with its sterner bearing, Still prints a lesson from its folded leaves. Sunshine and shadow, God's eternal law, I' Must in life's mystery be mixed and blent; Till future lives to nobler knowledge soar, We with our pasts and presents work content. We work and wait, with what we may of courage, Hoping that those who follow in our rear, Heaping the fields we sow, may garner harvests Bich with the fruits bom of a knowledge dear. Marrabel, August 29,18SL ELLIE L . . . . , THE PRINTING PRESS. Hearts of iron and fingers of steel. Clamp and lever, and clog and whed, Clink and clatter, and rattle and din, The longnight out and the long night in— Woe and weal to-morrow! Feathers to fall with the weight of the dew. Pangs to sadden the long life through, Roses and thorns to fly on their way, And thoughts of the years and the waifs Of a day, Hope and love and sorrow 1 Fiends, that grin with a demon joy, Delight with humans to tamper and toy, Every clamp on the molten bed .Is » dreary i hope, at a promise dead— A chill to pulse for ever 1 The d*rs and months and years go by, Till the prophet angel leaves the sky For the murky room with the rattling wheel Its click and clog and touch of steel, Its band and seam and lever! And ride by side In the rolling Press, To curse, to cheer, to crush, to bless, The angel and demon ever wait, Shaking the very doors of State, And thrilling through the nation! Hark, how the monster throbs and groans, Creaking his iron nerves and bones: What to him is the pain or please, Joy from the land or death from the seas- High or loirly station 1 Out of the misty halls below— Hither and thither the white wings go- Tears that pressed shall trickle for aye, Pains that never and never can die, In all Time's rolling surges i Pressmen 1 See that thy reins are well— Every turn of that press shall tell— It may be woe and it may be weal, Who can say how far the wheel Into the future urges I '-Paper World. r «'THB SEBVANTS! "—Footman oat of livery (to coachman)—Well, Smithers, how are you setting on? You're off soon, I suppose?" Coaclwnan—" Well, no; I'm a-goin' to send oar 'people' abroad at the end tf the month, sad then we shall have the 'ouae to ourselves, and— we shall see somethlnk oE yer perhaps ?" [Her ladyship making her appearance—Tacei /J— Punch. One evening," says Mr. George Augustus Sals, daring the Mayoralty of Alderman Combe, the great brewer, the gay Chief Magistratethere being presumably nothing ' on hand' at the Mansion House—was occupied with the pastime known as 'shaking his elbow' at the hazard-table at Brooke's Olab House, in St. James's Street. Beau Brummel was one of the party. He was in the parlance of the gamingtable the * caster. 1 * Oome, Mashtub,' he cried to the worthy Lord Mayor, ' what do you set ?' •Twenty-five guineas,' repned the brewer. * Well, then," continued the impodent glass of fashion, 'have at the mare's pony'—meaning twenty-five guineas. Brummel continued to throw until he had 'driven home the Blare's ponp' no'legs than twelve times running. In truth, he had won three hundred guineas from Alderman ©ombe, and Tntt Ving a low bow as he poeketed the cash, he said, 'Thank you,, my lord Mashtubi for the future X shall never drink any porter but yours.' ' X wish, Sir,' retorted the brewer,' that every oth r blackguard in London would my the suae.'» 