THE NOVELIST IN TRUST.* <?TOBY OP A LADY AND HER sTOia LOVER. bi Mrs. Ouphas*. Chapteb XXXV. At but ^owed_ its origiual fabric Tun« but snowea wo, v11®*"™ TY: de tail stacks of chimneys which ^ ite hospitable hearths from puranteed i» ^hitectural distinction ST nils of building, tne wans 01 wu.« 111 matted in honeysuckles, roses,, anc ^mhSfphnt that can be imagined ^fiimbine plant that can be lmagmea, Jobroidering themselves^ upon ^the^^b^k £dof the ivy, which filled every crevice, ffthe plmsnre of furnishing, apon which to take S and as deUghtful as he had repre Sit te ba ft was a plea^.which mtCd It 10 IW< « "«> " r-— Mne of the three bad ever as yet experienced, lien Mia Mountford had never known the n^ti/m, almost greater than that of dreBBing one's self—the delight and amuse mat of dressing one's house and making it beautifoL She bad been taken as a bride to lie sine fnraitnre which had answered for hi predecessor, and though in the coarse of die bit twenty years something had no doubt been renewed, there is no such gratifi cation in a new carpet or curtains, which must be chosen either to suit the pnnons furniture, or of those homely tints which, according to the nsual formula of the shops, "would look well with any thing," aB in the blessed task of renovating a whole room at once, They had everything to do here, new papers (bliss 1 for yon may be sure Ma Mountford was too fashionable to consult anybody but Mr. Morris on this important subject), and a whole array of new old furniture. They did not transfer the things that had been left at Mount, which would have been, Mrs. Mountford fell the fUinr* An font moralv baIa/sAmI a! four Seta from the 'mass which nobody mured oi, The result, they all flattered themselves, nsfine. Not a trace of newness appeared n all the carefully decorated roounk A Mated suspicion of dirt, a ghost of Mb dust, was conjured up by the winter's skill to make everything perfect— imt in the way of a vulgar copy of that precious element which softens down the too perfect heahness, but, by a skilful touch of art, reversing the old principle of economy, and making " the new things look as weel's the sold." This process, with all its delicate lifficulties, dad the Mountford family good n every way. To Anne it was the fnost iht&ry; and health-giving discipline.! It live her scope for tne exercise of all those econdarytastesnnd fancies, which keep the liner and more primitive sentiments in slance. To be anxious about the harmony if the new curtains, or concerned about the stpetis Botaetimes salvation in its wayt and hue wen so many questions to decide— jungs for beauty and things for nse—the waiter of every room, and the meaning of 1 which tre things that have to be studied "Mays before we come so far down Jo consider the conveniences of it, ■j 7® are to ait upon, or lie w, though these two are questions almost to sod death. Anne was plunged into the to of alt these questions. Besides her mm DMiness in the management of the *bich Mr. Loseby had taken bare raw.occupy , he; more and more, there ^hundred trivial play-amdetiea always H.w? oV1®!4' to fill up every crefviee hM* i had, indeed, no time to heart which had been so deeply ^^u^todbeen compelled to give USSm xfv? j60? drop one by one ithe r^ tthsd cherished, seemed poshed uftiSSP-M ^ flo°d of occupation. ihaalS^i .S??' was in a condition of wnhUtt to that w! ugh sensatioM of moor lets ,_Jf .(wim which in anticipation ha* Wiu.mv0lve )he lo" otw thiS* tiontosB^1' tortures of inagi toft jR^ded to *hoseof tea ity, ib The u6®1! over den it faBm. jSfHJ1®8, happened: the 1 low it involved? ^ qni® •* bins to thinVbas tob«D& ^bear W, P t>». tow be bat Sttl&SsMatfEK; * (title ma hn . A&d; 1Q Am Le'fl JJ|bimau4 »n vi* ev«ything would in. Lhttfii^hlthe touJXt o! £! y rj with es feeiiu?"she kn*» *®P°se,.but who i 'as w tk»'.,^°*ttem»>f *1 dual life, i «• tiis ; the no gmdSI ft ^P1?06 80 dear; but whatever wwiMn ^happened, kow she might bltok had no such crowd of m *o fiU up her time and in«ra10 a??thef ^tion. But aa it was, Anne had no time to think of the blank. In the revolution accomplished she was seized hold upon by all these crowd ing occupations, her thoughts forced into new channels, her every moment busy. No soul comes through such a crisis without much stand to her arms, as it were, night and day. She explained her position to Mr. Loseby, as has been said, and Bhe informed her step mother briefly of the change; but to no one else did Bhe say a word. * i^?«ere 'v8® BH,ence beaven for the space of half an hour." Could any word express more impressively the pause of fate, the quiet of patience and deliberation over the great and terrible things to come. There was silence in the heaven of Anne's being. She forebore to think, forebore to speak, even to herself. All was still within her. The firma ment had closed in around her. Her world was lessened, so much cut off on every side, a small world now with no far-shining dis tances, no long gleams of celestial light, nothing but the little round about her, the circle of family details, the work of every day._ Instead of the wide sky and the infinite air, to have yonr soul concen trated within a circle of Mr. Morris's papers, however admirable they may be, makes a great difference in life. Sometimes she even triumphed over circumstances so far as to see the humorous side of her own fate, and to calculate with a smile half pathetic, all that her unreasonable fidelity had cost her. It had post her her father's approbation, her fortune, her place in life, and on J strange turning of the tables! it had coat her at the same time the lover whom she had chosen, in high youthful .absolutism and idealism, at the sacrifice of everything else. Was there ever a stranger contradiction, completion, of a transaction ? He for whom she had given up all else was lost to her because she had given everything for him. A woman might weep her heart out over such a fate, or she might smile as Anne smiled, pale, with a. woful merriment, a tremulous pathetic scorn, an indignation naif lost in that sentiment which made Othello cry ont " The pity of it! The pity of it!" Oh, the pity of it! that Bucn things should be; that a woman should give so muoh for so little—and a man return so little for so much. Sometimes, when she was by herself, this smile would come up un awares, a scarcely perceptible gleam upon her pale countenance. " What are you smiling ax, Anne?" her stepmother or Bose wonl3 ek her as she Bat at work. " Was I smiling? I did not know—at nobody—I myself,"she would say, quoting Desdemona this time. Or ahe would remind herself of a less dignified simile—of poor Dick Swivelier, shotting up one street after another, in which he had ! made purchases which he could not pay for. She had shut up a great many pleasant paths for herself. Her heart got sick of the usual innocent romance in which the hero is all nobleness and generosity, and the heroine all sweet dependence and faith. She grew sick of poetry and all her youthful fancies. Even places became hateful to her—becameas paths i shut up. To Bee the Beeches, even from the | road, gave her a pang. Mount, where she had written volumes all full of her heart end [ inmost thoughts to Cosmo, pained her to go ; back to, thongh she had to do it occa sionally^ And she could not think of big ! London itself without a sinking of the heart. He was there. It 'was the scene of her disenchantment, hex disappointment. All these were as so many slices cut off from her life. Rose's estate, and the leases, and the tenants, and the patronage of Lilfora parish, which belonged to it, ana all its responsible 1 ties, and the old women, with their tea and flannels, and the Dower-house with Mr. Morris's papers—these circumvented and bound in her life. Bat there was one person at least whose affectionate care of her gave Anne an amuse ment which now and then found expmsion in aflood of teatfe : though tears were a jgray which she did not permit herself. | This wfia the rector, who WUe always coming and going, mndwho would walk round Anne ; at the writing-table, where shespentso much I of her time, with anxious looka and many little signs' of' perturbation. He did not say ! a great deal to her, bnt watched her through all Mm other conversations that wonld arise, making now and then'a vagne little: re mark, which was specially intended for her, as she was Bware, and which would strike into her like an arrow,! yet make her "smile all the same. When there was talk of the seooUd marriage of fiord Meadowlasds' brother, thfe clergyman, Mr. Ashley, was strong in His defence. " No one can be snore opposed than 1 am to incon stancies of all kinds; but when you have made a mistake the first time it is a mae thing and a tight thing," said the good rector, witba glance at Anne, " to take advantage of the release give® yon by Providenoe. Charles Meadows had made a great mistake at i rat ^-Jlke many others." And then, when the conversation changed, and the Woodhetdb 'became thesubject of discmsibn, even in the fullness of Ids approbation of ''that exsel ■lent girl Fanny, " Mr. Ashley found meam to insinuate his constant burden of propter. What I' fear is that she will get a li tie nSrrOw as .the years go on. Hew car a womin help that who has no opening oat in her llfo, who is always at the first chapter ?" • " Dear me, rector," said Mrs, Mountford, 'Tdld: not know yon were such' an advoc ite <of marriage." ' ■ " Yes; I am a great Advocate'of mania ;e .withoutit-we all get narrow. We want i ew" interests to Chrry on our 'life; we want to »• pand in our children, and widen out inst >&d; of eloeitwin." 1 " But Fanny has not closed in," said Anne, with a half malicious smile; which ha< tt qaiver ofpamlnit: for she' knew.his me in fog almostbetter than be himself did. ■T> Jfo, no, Stymy le an excellent girl t he is everything that oan be desired. But ; ou must mam, Anne, you must marry," he •aid, in a lower tone^coming round to he heck of her chair.- There was doubt cud' alarm inhia eyes. He saw in her that tei cor of single-minded men, an old maid. Women have greatly got over the fear of that term of reproach. But men who presumably know their own value best, and take more deeply to heart the loss to every woman of their own eweet society, have a great horror of it. And Anne seemed just the sort of person who would not marry, having been once disgusted and disappointed, Mr. Ashley concluded within himself, with much alarm. He was even so far earned away by his feelings as to burst forth upon his excellent sou and curate, one evening in the late autumn, when they were returning together from the Dower house. They had been walking along for some time in silence upon the duBtjr, silent road, feintly lighted by some prevision of a coming moon, though she was not visible. Perhaps the same thoughts were in both their minds, and this mutual sympathy warmed the elder to an overflow of the pent up feeling. " Man alive!" he cried oat sad denly, turning upon Charley with a kind of ferocity, which startled the curate as mnch as if a pistol had been presented at him. " Man alive! can't you go in for her ? you're better than nothing if you're not very much. What is the good of you, if you can't try, at least try, to please her ? She's sick of ub all, and not mnch wonder; but, bless my bouI, you're young, and why can't you make an effort? why can't you try? that's what I would like to know," the rector cried. Charley was taken entirely by surprise. He gasped in his agitation, " I—try t But she would not look at me. What have I to offer her ?" he said, with a groan. Upon which the rector repeated that un gracious formula. " Yon may Dot be very mnch, but you're better than nothing. No," the father said, shaking his head regretfully, "we are none of ns very much to look at; but, Lord bless my soul, think of Anne, Anne, settling down as a single woman: an old mud!" he cried, with almost a shriek of dismay. The two men were both quite sub dued, broken down by the thought They could not help feeling in their hearts that to be anybody's wife would be better than that. But when they had gone on for about half an honr, and the moon had risen silvery over the room of the cottages, showing againstthe sky the familiar ana beloved spire of their own village church, Charley, who had said nothing all the rime, suddenly found a voice. He B&io;, in hie deep and troubled bass, as if his father had spoken one minute ago instead of half an hour, "Heathcote Mountford is far more likely to do something with her than L" " Do you think so ?" cried the rector, who had not been, any more than his son, dis tracted from the subject, and was as uncon scious as Charley was of the long pause. " She does not know him as she knows you." " That is just the thing," said the curate, with a sigh. "She has known me all her life, and why should she think any more about me ? I am just Charley, that is all, a kiud of a brother; but Mountford is a stranger. He ia a clever fellow, cleverer than I am ; and, even if he were not," said poor Charley, with a tinge of bitterness, " he is new, and what he says sounds better, for they have not heard it bo often before. And then he is older, and has been all about the world: and besides—well," the curate broke Off with a harsh little laugh, " that is about all, sir. He is he, and I am me—thafs alL" "If that is what yon think" said the rector, who had listened to all this with very attentive ears, pausing, as he took hold of the upper bar of his own gate, and raising a very serious countenance to his son, " If this is really what yon think, Charley—you may have better means of judging—we must push Mountford. Anything would be better, he said, solemnly, " than to see Anne an old maid. And she's capable of doing that," he added, laying his band upon hit son's in the seriousness of the moment. " She is capable of doing it, if we den't mind." Charley felt the old band chill him like something icy and cold. And he did not go in with his father, but tbOk a pensive turn round the gariteti m the moonlight. No. she would nOvST'walk with him there. It was too presumptuous a thought. Never, would Anne bo the mistress within, never Would it be per mitted to Charley to caD heir forth into the moonlight in theswOetdomeetic sanctity of borne. His heart stirred within him .for a moment,- then sank,' acknowledging the im poeribility. Ho breathed forth a vast sigh as helit the evening eigar, which his father did not like him toamoke in his prdaenoe, dis liking tbe'emelJL like the old-faahiohed per son he was. The curate walked round and round the grass plats, Badly enjoying this gentle indulgence: - When he tossed the end away, after nearly an hour of silent musing, he said to himself, * Mountford might do it," with another sigh. It was hard upon -Charley. A stranger hada better chanoe than himself, a man that wasiiothing to her," whom Bhe had known form few tqouths only. But up it was; and it Wat noWe of bim that he wished Mountford no manner of harm, This tvsis the state ofaffebsbetweentho rectory arid the Dower-ponse. which, for tunately, was on the vpry edge'of,Lilfhrd parilh, arid therefore could, without any searching! of heart ,on the paft qf the qew Vicar there, permit the .attendance c ladies at the church which tpey loved. Willie was home at Christmas hie feet wor distinct line on the road. He was always there, which his brother thought foolish 4ad weak/ since nbthiiM! oould ever come of; it. Indeed, if anything did exasperate the curate, it was the inordinate presumption and foolish ness of Willie, who, seemed really to beliive thai Kose would have Bametbipgto say] to him.. %o*el who wsatbericbohe of the. house, and whose.eyes ;vrete;.not mag nanimous tp observe humble rperit like thpse of her sister. " up, Chariey * She were, bul was thought better of nimseif than did his humble-minded brother. As for |tr. Ashley himself, he never intermitted. his_im»oW,W»toh upon'.Auhe. She wM ««^e;odiit. Mo.dpuM dhp riaai just the vny. penon, to do U, Theeeetor could not nW.tite* the had provooaritm If a woman bad behaved to him «ke that. pe himself, he felt, might have turned iue back i upon her sex, and refused to permit bite* self to become the father of Charley and Willie. That was patting the case in a practical point of view. The rector felt a cold dew burst out upon his fore head, when it gleamed across him, with all the force of a revelation, that in euch a case Charley and Willie might never have been. He eet out on the spot to bring this tremendous thought before Anne, but Btopped short and came back after a moment depressed and toned clown. How could he point out to Anne the horrible chance that perhaps two such paragons yet unborn might owe their non-existence (it was difficult to put it into words even) to her 7 He could not Bay it; and thus lost out of shyness or inapt ness, he felt (for why should there have been any difficulty in Btating it 7), by far the best argument that had yet occurred to him. But though he relinquished his argument he did not get over his anxiety. Anne an old maid ! it was a thought to move heaven and earth. In the meantime Heathcote Mountford felt as wAtmlv as anvone could have desired the wonderful brightening of the local horizon which followed upon the ladies' return- The Dower-houae was for him also within the limits of a walk, and the decoration and fur nishing which went on to a great extent after they had taken possession, the family bivouacking pleasantly in the meantime, ac cepting inconveniences with a composure which only ladies are capable of under such circumstances, gave opportunity for many a consultation and discussion. It was no ob sequious purpose of pleasing her which made Heathcote almost invariably agree with Anna when questions arose. They were of a wimii^r mould, born under the same star, to speak poetically, with a natural direction of their thoughts and fancies in the same channel, and an agreement of taBtes perhaps slightly owing to the mysterious affinities of the powerful and wide- spreading family character which they both shared. By and bye it came to be recognised that Anne and Heathcote were each other's natural allies. One of them , no one could remember which, play fully identified a certain line of ideas as "our ride.". When the winter came on and country pleasures shrank, as they are apt to do, to women, within much restricted limits, the friendship between these two elder members of the1 family grew. That they were naturally on the same level, and indeed abont the same age, nobody entertained any doubt, aided by that carious foregone conclusion in the general mind (which is either a mighty compliment or a contemptuous insult to a woman) that a girl of twenty- one is in reality quite the equal and contemporary, so to speak, of a man of thirty-five. Perhaps the assumption was more legitimate than usual m the case of these two; for Anne, always a girl of eager intelligence and indis criminate intellectual appetite, had lived much of her life among books, and was used to unbounded intercourse with the matured minds of great writers, besides having had the ripening touch of practical work, and of that strange bewildering conflict with diffi culties unforeseen which is called disenchant ment by some, disappointment by others, but which is, perhaps, to a noble mind the most certain and unfailing of all maturing in fluences. Heathoote ' Mountford had not lived so mnch longer in the world without hanng known what that experience was, and in her gropings darkly after the lost ideal, the lost paradise which had seemed so certain and evident at her first onset. Anne began to feel that now and then she encountered her kinsman's h«"iH in the dark ness with a re-assuring grasp. This con sciousness came to her slowly, she could scarcely tell how; and whether he himself was conscious of it at all she did not know. Bat let nobody think this was in the way of love making or overtures to a new union. ■™hen a girl like Anne, a young woman full of fresh hope and confidence and all belief in toe good and true, meets on her outset into lue with snch a "disappointment" as people call it, it is not alone the loss of her lover that moves her. She has lost her world as well. Her feet stumble upon the dark mountains ; the steadfast sky swims around her in a oonfosion of bewildering vapours end sickening giddy lights. She stands as toniahed in the midst of a universe going to pieces, like Hamlet in those times which were opt of joint, All that was so to her. has become dim. If she has a great oontage, she fighta her way through the blinding mists, not knowing when she is going; feeling only a dull necessity to keep upright, to hold fast to something. And if by times a hand reaches hers thrust out into the darkness, guiding to this side or that, her fingers close upon it with an instinct pf self-preservation- This, I suppose, is what need to be called catching a heart in the re bound- , Heathcote himself was not thinking of catching this heart in its rebound. He was not himself aware when he helped her; bat he was dimly conscious of the pilgrimage geww making ©at of the gloom back into This was going m all the 4 winter through. Mr. MorriB s papers, and all the harmonies or discordances of the furniture, and the struggle against too much of Queen Anne, and the attempts to make some compromise that oould bear the name of Queen Victoria, aflorded a dim amusement, a background of trivial fact and reality which it Was good to hp able always to make out among the miite. Love may perish, but the willow pattern remains. The foundation of the world may be shaken, but so long as the dado is steady! Anne had humour enough to take the gdod of all'these helps, to smile, and thepjUughj at; all the dimly comic elements wound her; frpm the tremendous seriousness of the decorator,, up to the distress and .perplexity of the. rector and his alarmed perception] of. the possible old mud in her. Anne herself was not in the least alarmed hy the title whiph made Mr. Ashley fhiver. The idea of going over all that course of enchantment once again was impossible. It had been enchantment once—a aeoond. time it wjotdd' te- ffkatwould a. second time he?, hnpbe pibl#? That was ail that could be said.Tit ww,over forjteMf' oertrinlyae Uleof kind ie over for aVidow.; Tube sure it tonal riraye over even for a widow Hate Anne, highly fantastical as became her temper her yean, rejected with a lofty diedun eny idea of renewal. Nevertheless, towards tba spring, after the darkness had began to lighten a little, when she fonnd at.a hard comer that metaphorical hand of Heathcota taking hers, helping her across a bad bit of the road, her heart was conscious of a throb of pleasnre. 