PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH WALLAROO MUSES, The Primitive Methodists of Wallaroo Mines celebrated the Anniversary of their .church on Sunday and Monday last with ,, great success. The services were conducted by Mrs Sutherland, of the " Salvation Army." The Church on each occasion being filled to tsverfiowrngv . Mm Sothcrla ntf~~3»ave~~ tier ; audiences to understand that she made nc pretences to preaching. She was not a preacher but simply a " Salvation Army Captain trying to do good in every possible way." The morning's exhortation was based upon the.well known story of the Brazen Serpent as a type of the Lord Christ; and with great earnestneps did the speaker seek to impress upon her'hearers the fact that-"There is life in a look at the Crucified One." In the afternoon-Mrs Sutherland took for her text. Gen. vii, US. And labored to show that the salvation of the poor penitent, broken hearted sibrier,>)tke the salvation of Noah and bis family, in entirely from God. AH were urged to seek shelter in Jesus the only sure refuge. In. the evening the preaeher again found faer way to the Old Testament, and. dis coursed with great earnestness and effect upon Belshazzar's improns feast- Dan, y. At the close of this service, 4a prayer meeting was largely attended and several souls were brought to a sense of their poWition. The Anniversary was continued on Mon ' jdey, about fonr hundred and fifty sat down jto tea, and tha church in the evening was again crowded in all {touts. The chair was taken by Mr J. Dodd, an old and respected local preacher, ?phpse short but sensible ad dress gave a good tone to the meeting. ' The Financial statement given by Mr C. Tremberth showed that, after all liabilities - had been met, the trustees bad been able to pay £13 off the debt and it was hoped that by ; the results of this anniversary the amount would be still further reduced. The Rev. J. H. Williams, the pastor of the Church, congratulated the Chairman on bis position. He thought if long, faithful, and } earnest service meant anything in Primitive 1 Methodism, the Chairman had fairly woo the honor he^pjoyed that evening. Mr Williams also said be glad to jieetoa their platform & lady who represented a body of people hitherto somewhat misunderstood, some times misrepresented, and even persecuted for righteousness, sake who, nevertheless, doing a large amount of good: It had been ] said that the Primitives had acted unwisely > jn iiiyiting a member of the Salvation Army > to j-beir anpi^prsary. All that he would say jn reply to tb£t yqs, if they fi^d erred, Ibey would be glad to repesp W»e 8® Mrs Sutherland cbosed to pay them another visit, so thoroughly satisfied were they with her services. Mr Williams was thankful that during the year some souls had been Qaved, but they wanted many more, and he hoped the coming year might be a good one. The . J- Gillingbaip (V^seleyan) next ad dressed ^he meeting in a yery piecing $pd profitable jpapner on tjie peg^tiye ^nd "posi - live aspects of prj}e prosperity. He thought if the Chnrche? generally jyerp to honor the Holy Ghost more, grg#t#p jpould be their success. Mrs Sutherland's address was eminently charncteriBtic. She had been into the mine, ''the good man in charge" had'shown er good specimens of copper.' She §;emea sCrprfcgd jphen told th|j.t the brightest was- not always the best, anil that the inexperienced eye would be greatly deceived. She. turned the lesson to good account by dilating upon the different classes . ©? professors every day xnet'with, and urged tpon her hearers to see to it that tbey had f he root of the mattei-The love^of God and .onlfl. .' * The Rev. T- Kyte, "who was heartily received, with charoiiiig simplicity, said he thought it might Ire . gwdf thing for hip, if but for the moment tie could be transformed into a woman, he then might get a good hearing, even though it was past- nine o'clock. But as' that could hardly be done he thought he had better reserve his address for a time not far distant, when he thought he might be really wanted.- Mr Kyte said be had listened on the previous day to the story of the Cross as told by Mrs Sutherland and he was not- surprised that souls were saved Several anthems were well sung by the choir, Miss Harmao presiding at tfas harmo nium. A. comprehensive vote of thanks was sub mitted by tbe Pastor, and thus ended a very successful anniversary, 