jODD NOTES. BY A BOBBMIAS. L In Render appears to We got on romarki •tktf. w»U!rtBoclrh«mpton-^i«wied«ll before lb- to' spesk^as ; P. -expected> ho would ■ 'ImJitf shell favourable circumstances:' Be to* th^.garst.of ifo.'Mayof.^whp had juitbeen . .".; *l^^/m<ml^,toQ^citypn the .Ministerial 1 ticket,' barringtbe introduction .of coolies end j tiotrsaooontinental rsllwaypsrtof the Him* ttsriaTjaogiiauiift sind who wa»~cridcntly in ■ ^.tJwlS(Jt'fc»Jneof, mihd.to. beocmToriod on the j • • t*tiktwo j Ilwtbiiv to* daool;?. the Reader'sj : *MBqrt?'tih*t»irtin*oua'ptpaim; aod^now >the : ?«nrr: MBb«r!: te*'BoadUmptar Haa1 taken I •W IMfc u Jfabmiltim' or.;. Mfal n xeematipn. Vpf r tlipllofiilialiiiiili11f-Bhtaltiahghthetask to* :: «tf^oari£dtS*ia& ■ ' •rfi^'.,"Sob^j;'ran :tTOth : ^eipn^.^iitWiti^orJnU ' iWfcge'ef-SeOteh cautibaand> ^canhyneisi". he ean^tfoceasion require,''j>iteli ^bliiney "> . «*rfp^opl^/.|^',ettecUteiIrishnuw Jiving. 'That is jrhat he appears.to have done at -the''Mayor1*.; banquet list. Monday^ rnight. 'Be prefer* Europeans^ to coolies, bo ho says,' ' but' he eSnhofc bring.'himiejf to' content"to . jjtorbpeau*.'. storking.', on, sugar; plantations in; : tropical Queensland. Coolies must: be brought •&' foirl'thtat' work. If, when ;here,; thesej 'eodiei'.'-Bnd ' their ,way'/;.to., tlje sugar; ■ ■ ■ jJsatMti'-pf.', Bundabeig,. Maryborough, ' the' i •aejMtv Albert, -■ and Pimpama -rivers; to the ; •qusttersofthe interior j to everybody in any the colony who fvels inolined'to keep a; \- 'aigger,or. twdr-rthat will be no fault of'the 1Fremier1i—will it ?-.... The earnest desire of the! Biririry is that the sugar planters of tropical; ■■■.-. Queensland alone shall have a monopoly of o eooli^ labourers^ and that no othor omployers ■ of'labour in any 'part of the. colony shall be permitted to engage a coolie under any circum-1 1 Stances. If a law be passed- to that effect, and >:: h a'rfterwaitls evaded in all directions—why that'will clearly be the fault of the persons : who • evade it, And if the Ministry try to _ Aw-a lav. to that effect, end a majority in fkriiement - refuse to sanction such palpably : UnjOS^, iptcial legislation the Ministry will then hareto fallback upon .the'Act andrcgula tiont already on our statute book and do ilie \- ...test they can with'it. Anyway, so long as they bring in . tfat coolies and vehemently insist Hint they only visit them to be. employed'on sugar plantations within the tropics, no blame can attach to them if other people insist npon their • equal right to engage such labourers. And then the manner in which the Premier got over the ditlcnUy of restricting European immigration to a oouplo of hundred eouls or so per month, : .when that kind of labour is so much in demand Jwre,wis also grand. He declared that European immigrants will hot Come in any greater num bers, And.who can contradict the statement ? ..Ibis .-is- ah unansweiable reply to all . objections on the subject of European immi \- grstion, and relieves tho Government of ho end «f worry, and anxiety. If Europcsn immigrants Will not come out to this ;colony, that is an ad ditions! reason why a larger number of coolies should; be imported. : Altogether, bfr. M'n. wriuthat Eoekhampton did even better than I expected.. • „ I His Honour the Chief Just ice has - at length ;jH*U*dtoth* urgent'ud yeitimted' requtsto! Her Most Gracious.. Majesty, .made.,through .1 LordKimberley,and his 'oonsentod to" be a \ Knight, Bachelor/, whieh.en titles him to write ri "Sir" before; hie same. I'have so objection i myself .to our .' Chief "Justice becoming Sir ObarloB lilloy/'but personally.'i am 'almoet afraid that I will not bo able to increase my respoct and adisiration for him in' propor tion, to the new ; honour ; and dignity -with which he is ' now, invested. :As the Chief luetics of - Queensland, who had "refused to be, created merely a ' Knight Bachelor,, I seem to have used up all my extra admiration glorification, and exultation over our popular Chief Justice'.' I hope this does not render me . liable to be committed to gaol for contempt/ It ought hot, because really and truly I am to be pitied and not blamed for ; my present s'tote of mind. How the dickens was I to know that he was going to accept the proffered honour, after a". ?. "And, then, although I cannot just at present contrife to' pump up much- enthusiasm on the subject,, and could not swear, on a Bible that the fact of the.Ghief Justice bearing a title adds immensely to his dignity; and; honour and 'entitle#.him to greater^ rovcrcnco—still I may come to see' it in' that light beforo I die if nobody trios to hurry, mo into the conviction And in the meantimo I am quito willing to admit ' that in, the estimation ,of a; largo number of people the addition of such a: title makes all the difference in the world. There are persons who are firmly persuaded; that a title conferred by hef Majesty the Queen changes the colour of the reoipieht's blood; instantaneously,, en larges his mental powers, elevates his character, and'invests him with, a halo of honour and dignity which extends in-some degree to those who'are. permitted to enjoy his personal friend ship afterwards.. And such being the case, I am not at all sure, that his. Honour did not do a very, wise and ; proper , thing. in: withdrawing his objection and 1 accepting ; the proffered honour., The . title' may borne in' handy at all sorts, of unexpected turns, and, his possesiion of it may confer .an exquisite pleasure: upon a number of very estimable people with whom he may .be brought* in contgetts; Persons: who have resided in the United. State of Americaj the citizens of which are never weary of boasting of their purely democratic in stittttima, assure me that these very people, whits vehementij.asieit iug'theabaoluto equxlity of .-all men, look with Stonderifolirire andreverenoe'uponamaawith atitlej.ahdare sb; eruunoured of■' any Uttie dis tinction.wUch raises,/of is,supposed to nisei one,-above the -levei of his; fellows, that tbey confer ouurteeytitles 'uponveaeh other/. Anyl : body "wte ' wfihifi; to? W.; somebody;''in' the J'Sta^^bastolbea'i^nerJ.'OTwtoloheltttthe very least/if; be cannot. get into Congrws and eo claim the title, of ii honorrable."- A man in the States *ho 'is neither an " honourable," a genera], hor a colonel, by right .or by courtesy with popular approval, doel not .stand" the ghost of a obanoe either aa a public man or in " society." ! ' The bulk of' the citizens of the UnitedStatesare first cousins to the people of . Australia in general and "Quee nsland in' parti ■pular, and of, course develop the hereditary; tendency of the race,, of - which an; abject wor ship of titles is hot the least' marked.' All things considered).I think our Chief Justice did :thp proper thing after all in allowing himself to be created Sir Charles Iiilley by her Majesty's letters patent. '; ■ ■ I was very much striibk,with a letter in Tie, ! 2W<yropS,thp other day, from a hawker, from .Victoria, who wanted to settle and set up in business here. The man seemed to think, not unreasonably, I contend, that if he proved to the authorities that he .was a respectable man and paid the £10 demanded for a hawker's licence ho would-be allowed to engage in the business straight away. But in this he was grievously mistaken. After dancing attendance for several days upon the Clerk of Petty Scs. aions, the) Detective Office, andseveral ser geants of police, he discovered that the hawk ing business is, in this colony, a monopoly confined: exclusively to well-known residents of the colony, who are able to P»7 the licence fees and procure two resident colonists of reputo to become sureties for bim i» the sum of £20 each for his good behavour while holding sucli licence. On looking up the law on the subject, I seothc C. P. S.had no alternative but to act as he did in the matter. 11 is the statute which is to blaine and not him; But why should this be so? 'What is there about hawking in this colony which shor'd render it necessary to be hedged round with so many irkeomo con ditions ? - If .a man proves that ho is a rcspect ablo and responsible'pcraon, and is willing to pay the very heavy licence fee demanded from hawkers hero—why should ho be prevented from engaging in . the, business because ho happens to.bo a stranger, and therefore cannot procure two resident householders who will become sureties for' him in the sum of £20 each for his "good behaviour while holding the licence ? .What possible objection can there bo to "a man earning kis living in this colony by hawking ? '.•.•»! would be possible to go on ask ing many more questions of the same kind.'if there;were)[any^prpepect ' of.;Spiting ..them *nnrewd^ :but" ftpte:ti.;npt.;.. .This.to me;j»; inotherproofof over-legislation in Queensland, tfwego'oii nt'iHs'iftnerate thetime will toon spiai irtiMl nobody btit lawyers will be safe for a single moment in' this colon]'. "Never prophesy .unless you are absolutely, certain " is a wise rule to observe. It prevents noend. of - awkward explanations,; retractions) and apologies afterwards. There is a wonderful perversity in the order, of events which happen to have been foretold—they are almost certain to occur differently or not occur at all, if only for the sake, of; humiliating and bringing into disrepute the person who Iibs ventured to hazard a statement on the subject. I remember quite a nnmber of instances in point. ' Only this other day the, Courier had to caro ,in about Ministers departing south. It had stated soveral times on the most trustworthy. authority that certain Ministers of the Crown, would leave for Sydney by a certain stoamor—, and as suro.as that steamer started for Sydney those Ministers were not passengers. At length the- CSwrier very justifiably refused to commit itself to a positive statement about the depar ture of those Ministers, even on the testimony of personal friends who had seen them off. That was the only safe coarse to adopt under the circumstances. And this reminds me of an. old Gympio episode. - A drill was blown through s miner's cranium, carrying away, a portion of the brain. Dr. Byrne,-who was; called in, said'thsit it was impossible for the man ,to live forty-eight hours—but the man wa8 alive at the end of that time. Then the doctor affirmed in the most. positive man ner that it was physically impossible for the sufferer to survive another day—and at the end'of another twenty-four hours the man seemed to be rather better, if anything. Byrne then got miad:about it and declared, that he! would stake his professional reputation on the: i man cot being ablo to live the. week out—hut at the end of seven more days the man wassti". alive. The doctor., then professed to have "g&ihednewlight; on the'case/andexplained "to professional . brethren at considerable length the reasons why hehadcome to the conclusion that the man would get over.the accident;after all. j that v«/ day the pool fellow died; Byrne then declared,that the man had always had a " down" upon him, and t ried to injure him all he could-^-oot of sheer spite and malice. Tdon't think he has quite Cnrgiseu that rihiner to this hour. Btitit was nsttheinjured msner's fault./ The mutake'wib inprdphesyihg'to eon Sdently.as to wW would be the. result of the accident in si stated time. ...j ; 