STORYTELLER. ... MISSING; .tu£ MARTDf HERMANN'S WILL. CHAPTER I. MABTIN HEBMAUN .HEAES. A CALL AND : -ANSWERS IT. 'Ob, doctor]' sobbed Miriam Hermann ' tell methathewill live ! Tell me tbat yon can save him 1' Old Doctor Mattbison laid his hand kindly on the young girl's shoulder, and there was a trem or m his voice and rings of moisture about hie Jionest, blue eyes, as he replied : . . ' I have not lost all hope ; but is it not better to be prepared for the worst? We are doing everything possible for your father — everything that man can do. To him, as to all of us, death is inevitable.' 'But,' '.she ^ aid,- pleadingly, ' you trhink Jie may.recover?' , . : ' Ottr 'wisneB ? iand our fears are ever opposed. Keep good heart, my child.' The old doetor pressed her hand, and was gone. With her fingers interlocked, Miriam Hermaimsat by the window ; she seemed io be looking out at_ihe trees, tossing their bare arms in the wintry Btorm, but she did not uee them. Every thought wa a centred in the father dying iu an adjoining room. Her mother had been eo long dead that she had not the fain test memory of her ; but her imagination —with the aid of a portrait in her father's room — gave her an .ideal, which she treasured as '» reality. Miriam was now nineteen years of age; shapely, slender, and dark-eyed, with a gipsy complexion, and an Andalu sian grace of bearing. So wrapt up was her father in her, so' essential was she to the happiness of his every day, that he could not bear to have her out of his sight, eertamlyypt away from his home. was never sent to ^btaiding-sqhMlgjiar' ''-fljiisluug' schools, -'feu'lg- jwith well-to-do ?, ^ar^^Sm3^^t^to%^pfPciating the ' -yalufe^iji^wHPjt.SMSialture, Martin llerniaiill secHW'r^''^'^^t_Private in ^tructora Miriam . - in the ; secluded oldlionse, Jmon-ing oothin g and ' outer world. G-ermap^I)^nch'attlit'alian were to her as familiar 'as ' 'English, and she was skilled in music, painting and the deco rative accomplishments. At the same time she had acquired that practical, domestic knowledge which aided in making bo comfortable her father's home. Martin Hermann's house was an old fashioned, Revolutionary structure situ ated on the Hudson, in tlie upper part of New York city. PerhapB it would be more accurate to say, ' it is an old fashioned structure,' for it still stands, surrounded by a grove of forest trees, from which -a broad lawn sweeps down to the water's edge. A high brick wall shuts in the house and grounds, or rather shuts out the surrounding, busy world. Those who have never been inside this high wall are certain that it incloses ' a private insane' asylum,' or that the old house unler the trees — glimpses of which may be had from passing eteamers, and at times through the open gate — is haunted by the ghoste of , the first Dutch proprietors, or by the restless spirits of soldiers slain near by in 1776. It has done much to (exercise the invaginations of people in that neighborhood, who have made the house the centre of mar velous stories that do credit to their powers of construction, and which make the children who have hteard them before ? going to bed lie hushed and suffocating ' with the blankets over their heads. ' But the privileged few who visited the old house, and strolled through its sylvan grounds, knew that the one was the home of hospitality and. comfort, and the other a delight— the more beautiful and refreshing from its vicinity to. the packed streets and cataract-like roar of ptosy , -restless commerce. ..It was juBt the plaSe where the old man, weary with tlie world*? strife, would wish to spend the evening of life ; but in it the youth, . lalT of energy and anxious for ' stirring change, would chafe as in a prison. It j was ;a placid lake within ^hearing of the ; great' odean'sceasel ess pulsations.. The' i wjBtty~marilier could enjoy it ; it would the untried sailor boy. ~ jBiirallspB' summer beauty had gone. , 1 1 /She flowerS^ds looked like scars' on the sward. The river i? t^^»ve&id.M0rst;|ajang ice, that went ? ~ groaning-3o to -the sea. The dark sky ' sfeemied settlingSown like a great extin guisher, and. it:became. rapidly dark as ? Miriam sat beside the window. * 1 ' You will 'c^tch cold here, my chili \- Come back to the sitting-room.' JVIiriam Hermann- would not jbav« heard this had it not been accompanied by a gentle hand placed on her head, 'rhe' speaker was Mrs. Hope, the hojise koepor, a matronly, grey-haired woman, ?'with l^own -eyes and caremarks about her .mouth, and' time-marks acrosB her broad forehead. ? ? ... 'i '' Have you.come from him? How is ; he ?' -asked Miriam, yrising eagerly and scanning- tho'ho'uflekeeper's face. ' ' Hejfflems 'to i-e asleep ; ithe expres- ? pain^as,lpft-^b|8 face,, and .the; old smile' las Jcome Mok,*' , -whispered '-:Mra®bpe} »?' v-v«..,\ ,r-. ( : ? J^a^-r^dvfor -that '7 exclaimed ^Mjriat^raisin^^ ^gsknd her clasped hands. 'Then fie may live?' ' Let ub pray that he may. But come, , _youaeed refteBliBieatiuid rest.' — 1 Taking Miriam's arm, Mrs. Hope led j her intol another room, where a maid — petite, pretty and prim — was arranging the contents of a tray on a table drawn ' up before) an old-fashioned wood fire. | Miriam sat do wn with an air of dejec tion, and Mrs. Hope .whispered to the maid : 'That .will do, Kitty ; tell Clay, the nurse, to call us if Mr. Hermann wakes up.' ' ? The pretty maid bowed and went out quietly as a shadow. Then Mrs. Hope prevailed on Miriam to eat a little and drink a. cup of tea, after which she in duced the weary girl to lie down on a lounge drawn before the fire. Physical exhaustion overcame mental anxiety, and Miriam Hermann's eyes closed, and she sobbed as she slept. Above the roar of the storm the church bells in steeples near by could be heard tolling the hour — twelve— when Mrs. Hope stood beside the sleeper and1 whis pered : ' Wake, 'my child, he wants to see you.' | Miriam was 'on her feet in an instant, ttying to read the housekeeper's face. 'Is he better?' she asked, . eagerly. ' His mind is very much clearer. Go in ; he wants to see vou alone.' . Miriam entered the room just as the black nurse, who had been awaiting her arrival, came silently out. A dim light burned on a table out of the invalid's sight, and a chair was drawn near to the bed; ' Propped up on the pillows lay an old man, from whose face disease had not stamped out the lines of rugged strength and intellectual force, in whose grey eyes there was still the light of consciousness and love. Despite the haggard expression and unmistak able pallor, his face retained its strong 'German cast; and his accents, as he addressed the pale girl, holding his hand, showed that he -had not mastered the difficulties of pronunciation presented by the language of his adopted laud. ' Come nearer, Mirrie ; come nearer, my precious one, so that 'my eyes may rest on you as I speak — as I. speak for the last time — ' With a low cry she pressed the thin hand to her lips, then kissed his cold forehead, and moved so tbat he could see her. ' You are so young, Mirrie, that you should expect to survive me. It is all for the best, my darling, all for the best. You have been the light of my home and the joy of my heart so long, that I cling to you as the one precious thing that would hold me back when the Master calls — ' ?'???? He stopped and laid his hand, with an effort, upon her shapely head, and continued, with labored oreatliing : ' You know, Mirrie, that I am a German, and that I came, wheu a young man, from Prankfort-on-the- Oder?' ' Yes, father,' she sobbed. ' I left against the wishes of my friends ; I came here and married, and . was honest and made wealth — ' ' And my mother was a German.' ' Mirrie, my darling, kiss me again. There — there, do not weep. There is something that weighs on my heart, and which I will tell you before — before we part—' ' No crime, father ; no wrong, I am sure,' she whispered. ? ' No, no, my child ; no crime, no wrong.' He closed his eyes and went on: ' Eighteen years ago the summer that is past — it was a dark, rainy night, and my wife and I were lamenting that we had no child — when the cry of a little one was heard outside our door, as if God had answered our prayer. My wife was the first -one to reach it, and taking it in her arms, she ran in and kissed it J and strained it to her breast. And we called the child Miriam— my mother's name — ' ? . I ' Then, then,' gasped Miriam, 'lam not your daughter !' '.'Say not so. You are- the Heaven sent child, of my soul. N ever had father a daughter such as you have been to me. It is that I may stand in the presence of my Maker with no secret, that I speak — cling to my hand my child. Hold ine, for I am drifting- drifting outinto the eternal sea.1' ' r -??? r ; With a stifled cry she knelt beside' the bed, and kept the icy hand pressed to her heaving breast. Clay, the nurse, and Mrs. Hppe must have heard her, for they ran' in and stood at the foot, of the bed. At first they thought the struggle was over, so, calm and peaceful did he look. But he begaiito mutter, at first incoherently, but gradually he:spoke louder, and in the German language. ' All 'the years , since he had left the valley 'of the Oder , were forgotten, arid he was a boy again, listening to the .songs of the.grape- gatherers, and nam ing the^teeples. piercing the sunny sky in the direction of well-loved Frankfort. . 'I have been, dreaming— ^dreaming thajf.I. lived in. a sirangejabd, and was old— but I am awake again— awake, and; holding voor hand, my mother. ' And yrt the waking pains toe, fpr there was ab' angel Miriam in' toy dreams', :and for her. sake I woold have dreamt on forever.' He was1 talking to Mb mother, whp_ had died long years before* In that change -that -precedes the greater change, the.' j struggles iof life were looked back on as « ' vision ;,and;the happy, early, flowery daysj j of youth, were, the . only realities of life ' and tlmej n'ovf thal'he stood in tbe pri sende of deSlh^iod on the shores of thfit limitless sea from which all have come, on which all must float away , Again— to the uncharted ides. The wind increaied in fnry, and tbe fonehM of the drooping trees t**t, against the roof, and the hail and sleet — like the catting spray from icy waves — dashed hissing against the pnnes. But hearing as well as sight seemed already dead, and memory and imagina tion asserted themselves with greater force. Tbe dying man rambled by the flowery banks of the Oder, and grew rap turous as he saw the blue hills and roman tic rains of feudal castles reflected in the placid waters. He called to friends long (load, and ' the companions of boyhood — forgotton for many years — he called to them across the river ; and he saw tbcm motioning him to come and join them. ' ' And my mother is over there ; and my wife is over there. I have not been dreaming, Mirrie. Where is my child, my darling Mirrie?' he called out. 'Here, father; here by your side. Here, holding your hand,' cried Miriam, bathing the cold hr.nd with her tears, and pressing ihe icy fingers as if she would force into them her own warm blood and a yonthful strength. He seemed to realize the situation, and made a visible effort to . come back to life and consciousness.; but it was unavailing. ' Out on ' the river ; drifting out with sounds of vesper bells, and the winds gone tb sleep.' 1 . He still. spoke in German, but with de creasing force and less distinctness. Tbe .laboured breathing settled into a calm, and tbe thin lips remained parted. A silence — the silence of death — came to -the room ; the dim light burned dim mer, and even the storm-seemed resting. ' Miriie — ' ' Fes, .father ; yes,' she whispered. ' God guard— Mir-rie — ' He still -looked as if asleep — as if the breast might heave again with a long breath and a sigh. It was some time be fore Miriam could believe him dead. When' Mrs. Hope — herself io tears — tried to lead the poor girl aiyay, she still clung to the icy hand ; and crying : ' My father'1 oh, : my father !'.she;fell on her knees beside the bed, andthe dark; tresses of loosened hair veiled her ashy fflOP. ' ' — — ? ? ? The storm died out; the winds sank to a wailing cry ; vnd from mourning clouds the rain fell upon the roof.' To be continued. ? Rowing Match. —A private sculling match was arranged on Saturday even ing, between M. Rush, of. the Clarence River, and J. Power, of TwofoldBay. The race is to take place 3ra Monday, September 12, on the champion course, Parramatta Jtiver, -for .a stake of -6300 : Rush laying £200 : t - £100. Half the stakeB were paid tp Mr. Prank Punch, and the balance will be made good . on September 9., It is stated that her Majesty's ship Eclipse, at Trincorhalee, has been ordered to pay a visit| to the island of Diego Garcia to take a survey, as the Orient line of steamships lias been in correspondence' with the Admiralty as to alleged inaccuracies of the charts issuedby thehydrographer. The Eclipse is to settle the question, and see whether the Admiralty charts are as'correct as they are supposed to be by the responsible department. A Cbntesabiaw. — A correspondent of the Times writes: — ' Theie is now living and ingood health a lady — Miss Margaret Bailey — who completed her 110th year on the 8th of Januny Inst. Sli« resides in the town-land of Ballygilbert, parish of Ciiirncastle, situate on the coast of the county of Antrim, between the towns of Lame and Gfcnann. It is a picturesque ?neighborhood, well known to tomis'n l-v the coast road from Lame to the Giant's Causeway. In addition to her own uni form statement and the concurrent belief of l-?r relatives and neighbours, the age of this remarkable woman is attested t-y the IUv. Classon Porter, of: Ballygally Castle, in the same parish, who has in - his possession the original family record, giving not only the date of Miss Bailey's birth,' but also that of her brother and sisters. In a recent letter to the Larne Weekly Reporter he' vouches for the genuineness of the document, the history and- other evidences of the paper placing the 'truth ot the i-ecord beyond dispute. Mr. Porter states' for tlie gratification of I a natural curiosity of readers at a -lis-. tance, what is 'well ' Lfrown and corrobor ated hy other 'residents in : the locality, j that Miss -'Bailey Occupies,' us her fore fathei's did for generations'before her, the ' position of a tenant-farmer, and that she was bora and .has spent nil her days in l.thehonse ahe iiow occupies. Her brother j dying; yonng -and ? ber sisters marrying I early ' in 'life, she was for many years 1 called npon to 'superintend personally the | businesn bf-herfarm. ? This she continued to do effectually until an accident a .few years ago to some extent disabled - her. But her, mental faculties are not in the least impaired, and her bodily health in other respects being excellent,- she is able withihelpto niovp a little abouther bouse, in the management of which she still acts as mistress.' ' .»? Another Bio Sthdicate. — We 'learn from- ^ Adelaide: papers, that, a number of leading men - in South - Australia bave joined their runB together, and propose to form, one big, : cpnipariy. They^ have, secured about 4,372,480. acres . bn, ' the: boarders of -Kew' South r Wales, South Australia; . and Queensland^ witbid:-1BPi miles of the preseh t ii orthirh mos t te rrainus *-f the S. Ai'jRailwayj whipb they ', propose , developing Jand ? tworking. 6uch: rcolin-; jpani^sam not «nfifely/n$fel, ') he' Adp-' tralibn 0 AgriiUiltoral; £ci., &c.;, havefqr; many1 years been at^ork returning large' divid end^^to , thejr English proprietary ; - batthujtfthefirst instaiteW ^htcb^nch;' a scheme hag been offered to the'febloiiiar pablic. , 