¿Tbw Zealand Turf Gossip. ¡ Bx am,lÍE?xB., . óáriiitiry,17.1881.' ,''<iH8i8T¿ÁB^1time'aá'dltl».p,"W),w.?.Yenr are/dutes soieutpu u alargo number of clubs ipr their annual, nicotines.- 1 many.casas tho contestants boiiig litnited, to localaninial tho particulars would bo of no ihturest toAustraliim reac «rs. Xhore aro one.or two exceptions, inthb raoiug thu hus just takon'placo; which 1 shall rbfér, to presently; bli commencing with tho big sumiuor meeting inAuoiland whioh- on this ocoiision .was an exceedingly good ono,, thi Arturo.carao: ofi. on. iDoceníbor 27 aud-January?< 1'nndS There'was--a /capital1 attendance,'-andi'thu-' weather -.wa charming. .Tho big event.of the-first day-iwiis , tho Auck land Cup, for which Foul Play and Betrayer have lorsoin timo past boen very strong favourites.-; .'Tho latteiy-how ever,- wontamiss a fow day« before thoi meotingt and wa Berat obed for all 'engagements,' ; Prom what: I.eau undor stand, tho gamo .little-, black; wilt-not. api>ear again;thii peason. It was a very/imoderuto Held ithac Buddied up:t< meet Poul Play, audhis.viotory was the 'more oasily ob tained, as.'Lara was also on the sick list. aiid tho ace dem whioh occurred, during tho i race put two pt.his moni formidable opponents, out of itho.'hunt...There was alto, gather a field of :seven¿t.ofwhom: Libeller, : Yat apa and King Quail made play during .tho earlier part of tho race. When about a milo had been covered Libeller foll, Kolan, . Victorian jockey,-who was.r'idinirhim, being killed instan- taneously. Tlio.Sydhey horse, King Quail, also wontdowa, but his. rider was not seriously injured, Foul Ploy, who had been lying back so far, went on and'won pretty well. as lie liked, tho. speedy Maid of Honour, another Now South Welsh lady, boating old Ariel forieooiid place. Mr. Ivory's old horse, Vampire, was among the contestants. Poor Nolan, wko was killed so «ùddonly.haH been iii tho hs/uitof corning over for tho last iow soasons from AnstriUia nuder ongageinout to Messrs. Mason and Vallance, and his c»i>ital horsemanship and un assuming demeanour bad made him a host ol friends in almost every part of New Zealand. Tho Australian brod onos wore unusually well represented at this muutiug. In the Maiden Plato particularly the first three animals all first saw the light in Australia. Tho winner,Tim Whiffler, made hi« debut iu Christchurch at tho Metropolitan Meet- ing ol 1879, whore, though not successful, ho showed evi- dences of making into n good colt, lie is a throo- year old by Australian Tim Whiffler out of Parachute, and is .till in the possession of hiu original owner, Mr. John Bmith. Kenilworth, who fliiiuhed second, IK by Kelpie out of Empress, and Woolbrokor, who was third, is by Golds brough out of Corisande by New Warrior out of Io, a mare that, when ruuaiug in Mr. Kodwood'H interest, was rather a favourite for tho iirat champion raoo won by Ply- ing Buck. If I remember right both Kouilworth and Woolbrokor wore originaly imported to Now Zealand by Mr. Perkins, a present resident of Sydney. Parameña ap- propriated the Freo Handicap, th» next event on the pro. gramme, from three others. The winner, whoso far has been a very successful performer ia thoNoi ta Island, is by tho Frouchbrod Sator. Atwo- ycar.old Illly of Mr. Walters, toy Hippocampus out of Slander, finished Bccond. Hippocampus is by Dainty Ariel out of Fanny Fisher, one of Mr, Hurtle Fisher's old Maribyrnong maros, and thin was tho first aj>2>oara«co of bis stock. Louo Hund won the Hurdle Iiace, but waa disqualified ona protost. lt ?fioems that tho rider of Harry ¿Motínt repeatedly crossod L'pno Hand when coming toeach jump. The rider of Louo Hand, alter warning him, lost his temper and struck him. 'Tho'stakes were allotted to Harry Mount, who wa* second. Tho southern crack again fluisbed third. The Itailway Plate (w. f. a.) was won by Parameña. On the day after tho mooting Foul Play was disposed of, by Mr. Lance, to MR, M'Donald, a woll-knowu Auckland racing mun, for ,^350 guineas. Tho new owaur, however, did not givo much '?public tatlsfaction when he scratched him for thc A. lt, C. Handicap and Publicans' Purse on tho seoond day, tho horse having been liberally backed for both ovonts. Indèod, throughout the day plungers lind a very bad time, the favourites being out o£ it ou most occuBions. little Tira Wliiiücr commenced proceeding's bj placinj tho .Derby to his'ownet's credit; a half brother to Pura Diena, Kowi, by tho Australian iluto, hoing second, ant Kenilworth third. Tim -won very oasilr. The speedy Bil .jingsgnte hadlitllcltroublo in disposing |oî Maid of Houou: and Parameña in tlio Publicans' Purse (w. f. a.) Thon wasa.good race for second placo, tho Sydney fillyjutu ?getting in >>y a head, Grand Duchess, tha haud«oui< daughter of Traducer and Peeress, waa made a hot favour Ito for tho Auckland Racing Cluh Handicap, in which uh< out up very badly, «nd was never prominent in tho r.ice Tho winner turned up in Yatapa, a local horse, with a [foot turn of foot, Lone Hand hoing nocond, «nd tho gruuo little Vampire having to be content with tho'barren honours of ci placo. Billingsgate won the Selling Kaco in a cauter, being subsequently bought in by his owner, Mr. Walters, for 300 sovs. Batcatchcr, another Austmliuu, wag a»ongtho contcstauts. Six saddled up for tho Grand fctand Uaudicap, for which Poul Play, who lind boon speoi.illy reserved for this event, was astrong favourite. Tho pot howovor was upset by Libeller, who outstayed tho southern crack and won vory comfortably. Tho lluros' Produce Stakes on tho third day was won by Moonstouo, a colt hy Pcvo (imp) (a borsr>who wnseiiyoursidoforsome timo) out of .Moonbeam, at present au inmate of tho Auck- land Stud Company's paddocks. Captain Walmsley, the manager, in whose name tho colt ran, recoivod quito an ovation ou tho colt's return to tho paddock. Koaarina, who rnn second to Moonstone, ia tho property of Jlr. Walters. She is own sister to Liboller, being by Trnducor .out of Yattcrinn, a marc who carno originally from Syduor and who in her Jay was ono of tho most sucoossful nui mals that ovor ran in Now Zealand. The Auckland Plato (w. Í, a.) was won ensily by Poul Play, Ariel and Kenil- worth being his only opponents. So veu saddled up for tho ?Bteoplccbnse, for which I,one Hand and Agent were strone favourites. Tho Australian, however, wtvs iu ono of his non-jumping Ats and was jiever|in it. Tho Agent, who went Tory straight and well, won eventually with, a good bit in hand from Sportnmnn, na old local performer. Tho event ofthodaywas decided!}* tho Stewards' Handicap. Herc Mr. Walters sent both Libeller and Billingsgate to meet Totti 1'lay, declaring to win with Billiug.'-gato. Thoro ?was a lot of fiddling at thc st art, hut wlion tho dag wont down Billingsgate at once went to tho front and rundo tho running at a clinking paco for a milo, whurc he waa told ?out. His stablo companion, Libollor, liowovor, now ca"uo Up, and settling tho nrotoneions of Poul plnv in a fow strides won cleverly by a longth. The uoiisoimion wns "won by Lono Hand, boating Ratcatcher, Vamj)iru, Maid of Honour, and others. I had almost forgotten to say that Mr. M'Donald, tho now owner of Poul Play, hoing exceed- ingly dissatisfied with tho way in which tho horse had hoon Xiddon iu tho Grand Stand Handicap, laid a protest against his rider. Prod. Matthews. Tho Inquiry, however, ter- minated ontiroly in favour of tho rider, who will bo prob ably rcmomhored by many of .your readers as tho jockov Who so of (en piloted Calumny to tictory on your siao. I appond brief details ot the principal ovculs, and tho podi .greo and porformancos ot Poul Play. Auckland Cup Handicap, OOO sovs, with'a sweepstakes Of 10 sovs each added ; secoud horuo to receive 20 sovs ont of tho stakes, aud tho third horso to savo his stako, 21 miles. Ht; Lance's Poul Play, by Traducer-Fairy Queen, 0 yrs, 8st 121b ... ... ... ... ... 1 Smith's Maid of Honour, by Kelpie-Pairy Queen, 4 yrs, 7stl2lb. ... 2 Edgar'« Ariel, aged, 8st 0 h ." ", ", 8' ?'Walters's Lihollor, 4 yrs, 7st 21h Horsfalls King .Quail, 6 yrs, Cst 121b. . Mitoholsou's Vampire, aged. Cat 131b 1 .«>;. M'iCennou's Gildoroy, 4yra, Cat 101b . ?? ?'< .S.-t . .iiuut'a YataiKi, agod. Cst 71D betrayer. Lara, Grand Duohess, Row!,; Kenilworth,1 Tim whiffler, Louo Hand, Kosina, ana Goldon Crown.'rworo' Scratched. :. '.: »>..<*' i í >...;!.' Betting-0 to 1 on Poul Play, 4 to 1 against King Quail, Maid of Honour, and Yatapa, 7 to 1 against'Libeller, 10 to L against Vampiro, 12 to 1 agaiust tho ? others.' ' '. Timo,-4min ICäoo. - .'. v ..? Poul Plny'B host, porformancos have boon as follows i At two yoars at Canterbury Autumn Moating, won Sailing Race of 50 sovs-} milo-beating six othors j at throe yoars, tt Dunodiu Summer Mooting, carrying Sst 2Ih, won Kail-,. Way Plato of 100 ROVS-| milo-boating six others, and at tho saino mooting, oarryung 7stl-31b, wonPlyiug Handicap, of 100 sovs-1 milo and a distauoo-beating.lour others' at Cantórbury Autumn Mooting, carrying 7st 21b, won Eastoç Handicap of 100 aovs-1 mi ie-beating soven othbrsi at 4 years, nt Canterbury Metropolitan Mooting, carrying fist ' 21b., won Tradosmaus' Ilandionp ' bf'. 100 sovs - 1 milo - beating soven others ; nt1' Oamaru;' carrying 7st 101b, won Plying Handicap of 7ß soVs-l¡m)le .-beating four othoid. At JDiinodih summer m'eotlng.'carry bur list, won Ladios' Pnrso of 00 aovs (welter ,w.' fv«,)-l' Bulb-and a dlstanoe- bcatiufc Batoatoiior ; "oarryintr. Hst; won Publicans' Handioap of 100 SOTS- li'mw-boating" |Bixqthersj'alideftrrylnB7st 101b, won Forbury Handicap'of JlTO v'söTS-^li'mlle-Tibating six -others. At 6 years, at CanterburyMetropolitan Meeting, carrying1 Oat.-won Free 'Handicap of. 100 BOTS-1 milo-rboating five others, and carrying 9Hfc,,won-Metropolitan Handicap of 100 SOTS-lt Imile^boating' six othors. At "Wellington, carryingBst 41b, lwoñ Wellington Gup Of 400 SOTS-2 milos-beating ll .others.- At tho Dunedin Summer Meeting, carrying; 8s't |lllb, won Forbury Handicap of 150 BOTS-lj mile-beating four others, and-carrying 9at Sib, won Flying Haudioap of 80 SOTS-1 milo' and a distance-beating five others. At 0 years, at Auckland Hummer Meeting, carrying 8st Wlb, ¡won Auckland Cnp.of;300. SOTS-2i miles-boating seven .others. . I Tue Libel I Arethusa Tom: King;.' Emmeline Pantaloon.. PasquinndejSistor . to. Touchstone Elis, Languid Kingdom JDeiopeia. Slight of Hand Junior. Casted Idalia ' Camel" Banter Lnngar? < Olympia Cain, Lydia, Harkaway. Pocahontas Defence ? Boumike Slight of, Hand. ComUS,: (; ..' ( ir. Gil Blas., Emily, Auckland Jttáoing Club Handicap of 200 sovs. .1} milo.; (? Mr. J. Hunt's Yatapa ... .. ... ..... ...^...''../.?...¿¿ÍS" ¿.???:>Í;;Í:< Lnnn's Lone Hand... ... ... . ... ? .: Mitoholson's Vampiro ... ... . ... ' .... i Ariel and Grand Duohoss also ran. Lara, ; Bowl,. anc Kenilworth wera scratched. . c. '<-''? '?'?'< Bettimri Oto 4 on Grind Duchess, 2 to T against lom Hand, 5 to 1 Ariol. > ' . . . :: , . Time, 3min SO^aeo. '. 1 '. ??>'? t> r Derby Stakes of 100 SOVB, li mile. > i Mr. Smith's Tim Whittler, by Tim Whiffler-Paraohuto 3 K. Parmor's Rowi ... ... ... ? " . ." ;M . Í J. Lennard's Kenilworth ... .;. ' ? . . ( ? . Í Prince Charlie, Moonstone, and Woolbroker alBO ra»i"?!.? Hetting: Eve» Kenilworth, 2 to 1 against'Tim Whiffler 4 to 1 against Rowi and Moonstone, 10 to 1 thoroBt.'. ; ; Timo, 2miti 5GJsoo. i!.,;;¿v.; Maros'Produce StalieB of 100 soy«, li milo. -. .. ; 4 Captain Walmaley's Mooustono, by Povo-Moonbeam.'., ; 3 Mr.Waltcrs'sRosanna... ... ... . -, ,.;..'* ,". ."v£ A. Buckhmd's Prince Charlie ... ? ,. : vi Auokland Plate of 150 soya, weight for age,; . 2 miles.. Mr. A. M'Donald's Poul PJay, Oyrs ... ... > .1 Edgar's Ariol, aged... ... ... v. .?<:..,;,, S Loonard's Kenilworth, S yrs ... . 'E Haudioap Steuplechase of 150 sovs. SJ miles; over fail bunting country. . . . .. . . , v Mr. Butler's Agent, by Olivor Cromwell, 12st 71b . ? ... 1 .Rutherford's Sportsman, lOst ... ... ... - 2 Russel/*, Ghost, lOst - ... .; . ... fl Lone Hand, 13st ; Bou Juan, lOst j Jack bhopherd, lOst; and Mignonette, lOst, also started. , About the same dato as Auckland a good two days' meeting was hold at Rantritikci, in tho North Island. The contestants wore all local onos, but the racing seems to havs been very exciting. 'I bo Itaugitikoi Loger was won easily by Major Morse's Sincerity, a rather nice looking filly by Day Dawn out. of Tides, who runs back to Sir Her- cules. Tho Marton Itaugitikoi Handicap o£ 250 BOVR, 2£ miles, produced a field of live, and a grand finish between old Opawa and Iledccmor, the veteran just winning on tho post by a head. Tho Ballway Handicap of 100 BOTS was won by Redeomor, afterquito ¡is close a raco. The Southern mcotings held about tho samo dato, though for the most part very ploasaut, were unimportant. In thia connection tho ¡lom of most, interest to your readers is the successful running of Gipsy Cooper's brother, Randwick. Though not a particularly brilliant performer, thin chestnut con of Barbarian luis, thanks to judiciotiH placing, proved a very useful animal to hi« pre- sent owncrH, Messrs, Mason and Vallance. At Oamaru ho vron tho Publicans' llaudicap (at which meeting tho Maidou Plato fell to Sylvamis, a Sydney-bred colt hy Golds brough ont of Paradigm). At Heathcote Randwick won thu won tho Cup of 100 sovs, and at Amberley he carriod oiï both tho Cup and thc Northern Handicap. With his previous Ashburton winnings, and tho Rangiora. Cup, which, when a protest cow under consideration is decidod will probably go to his credit, it will he socu that lie is paying his expenses. Closely following on Auckland came a pleasant little meet inc afc Cambridge in tho Waikato district. Here at the Hardie Raco old Sportsman defeated Harry Mount, who was ooucodiiig him hnlf a stone. Tho Cambridge Cup of 100 sovs was won by King Quail (7st) beating Yatapa (Ost 01b) by a neck. Tho Australian Lone Hand (7st 131b) was third. Foul Play (Ost 121b) not hoing plaeed. Ratcatchor won tho Plying Stake» by a length from Parameña, wkile on thc second day tho Australian representatives were again to tho toro, nu littlo Vampire won tho Publicans' Purso and Grand Stand Handicap«, and Lone Hand appro- priated tho steeplechase. At Cromwoll J. Chaffe had a good turn with Atlautio, and tho highly bred Nautilus ; and apropos of old Sydney trainers, Kean's head quarters aro still iu Wellington, where bc has in work the team originally purchased by Sir llórenlos Robinson. Of those, Liad y Emma will make ber first appearance very shortiy.whilclseothnt Gitana, by üapid Pay.out of Gipsy, and Legerdemain, by King Colo Skittlcsharpcr, aro engaged in.tho Plying Staves at tho big forthcoming Wanganui meeting at Sst 71b each. Tho next meetings of nny importance will bctboBe of tho Huwlio'« i!ay Racing Club on January 17, and Wellington on February 1 mid 5. Theso will be followed by tho Dunedin Annual Meet ing on Fobrunry 20, 27, and 28, and at Invercargill on Marali .'! ¡md 1. The New Zealand cricketers generally are looking for- ward with much interest to the shortly-expected visit of the Australian Eleven, but I am afraid the champions will find very few teams here at all worthy of their steel, They commence at Invercargill, playing Dunedin, Oamaru, Timaru, Christchurch, Wellington, and Napier, and finishing at Auckland. So far as I can judge they are , likely to meet their strongest opponents in Canterbury, but here I understand more than one of the old team who played the Australians on the occasion of their last visit are now absent. A match for tho sprint championship of Now Zealand took place in Canterbury about a weak since between Hillston of Christchurch and Hutton of Auckland. Hutton who has tho reputation of being a very good porformor, was suffering from n. strain, Hillston thus winning tho first two events, and consequently tho match. Tho timo was iu both casos very good, and would have boen faster still, had tho Auckland man beou himself. Tho distances wore 100 yards (10 l-osccj 120 -yarda (12}soo) and 160 yards (not run). This, conaidoring the events were run on a grass track, is not bad limo. Mr. Edwards, tho champion long distance walker of tho colonios, has arrived hero. Th ero is some talk of a match boing.made botwoen him and young Scott, of Dunedin, a littlo lad who hos performed someraro feats boro in public, but! bolioTO nothing io yet Bottled definitely. 