LUMINOUS FUNGUS. " The earth hath bubbles, as the water hath, And these are of them." —Macbeth. (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) SIR,—A short time ago I received from a resident near Bylong, Upper Goulburn River, a very large fungus, which in piles, gills, and stages, did not differ from the common Agaricus campestris, but which was so highly phosphorescent that I was able to read a book by its light in a dark room. My object in noticing this fungus is in the first place to enquire of your readers whether similar fungi have been observed near their residences and if so, whether they would be pleased to mention the locality, the kind of soil, and time of the year in which they were observed. Secondly, to prevent timid people who may chance to see them at night, being alarmed at their appearance-for, in the locality where my specimen was obtained, they have already been the innocent cause of two well-authenticated ghost stories. Although I have made many enquiries, I have not, except in a single doubtful instance, met with anyone who has seen these fungi in the bush at night. The instance to which I allude is that of a stockman, who stated that he had seen "thousands and thousands of them, hundreds and hundreds of times." Un- fortunately this testimony is valueless, because my informant, though in all respects a very worthy man, is credited by report with one prevailing fault—if his employers would kindly excuse it—he's sadly given to lying. From works I have consulted, I find that Mr. Drummond, of Western Australia reports having found a very large phosphorescent species of the genus Agaricus in the Swan River settlement and Mr. Gardner in his Travels in Brazil relates the following :— " One dark night, about the beginning of December, while passing along the streets of the Villa de Natividade, I observed some boys amusing themselves with some luminous object, which I at first supposed to be a kind of large fire-fly ; but on making enquiry, I found it to be a beautiful phosphorescent fungus, and was told that it grew abundantly in the neighbourhood on the decaying leaves of a of a dwarf palm. Next day I observed a great many specimens, and found them to vary from one to two and a half inches across, The whole plant gives out at night a bright, phosphorescent light of a pale greenish hue, similar to that emitted by the larger fireflies. From this circumstance, and from growing on a palm, it is called by the inhabitants " Flor de Coco." The light given out by a few of these fungi in a dark room was sufficient to read by. I was not aware at the time I discovered this fungus that any species of the same genus exhibited so re- markable a phenomenon ; but I have been credibly informed that they are sometimes, though very rarely, met with in the bush in Australia." Some may suppose that this species derives its luminous properties by absorbing phos- phorus from the decaying substances on which it occasionally grows : such however is by no means the case. The specimen I obtained was found with four or five others, amid grass, in a gully where there were no trees living or dead, or decaying matter of any kind. In the home country, the Agaricus streams is a species found only on dead trees in spring and autumn, but it is non- luminous : neither is the Lycoperdon plumbeum, which also affects such situations. The Nœmaspora Carpini infests the dead wood of theiiornbeam and many species of the Sphceria (under which genus 201 are catalogued by Berkley) are found abundantly on dead branches, on rotten apples, stems of reeds, and on dead larva and pupa, but none of them are luminous. On the other hand, the coal mines of Dresden exhibit the interesting phenomenon of fungi, which emit light like pale moonbeams and the spawn of a noted species of traffic, the Tuber Tiberius, which grows some inches under ground in sandy or chalky soil, is highly phosphorescent, and emits light. This fungus is highly prized by French astronomers and as it is subter- ranean it is usually unearthed for the mar- ket, with the assistance of pigs and dogs trained for the purpose. Your obedient servant, S. EDMONSTONE PLUMB. Glenmore, Moonan Brook, April 6, 1881. 