PROTESTANT COLUMN. * WHAT DO WE OWE TO THE REFORMATION? BY BISHOP RYLE. Our lot is cast in days when it is the fashion to despise everything that is old. There is a morbid readiness to throw aside all things which bear about them the least mark of antiquity, and to treat them with as little respect as last year's almanacs or worn-out clothes. The only exceptions I can think of are old lace, old coins, old pictures, and old wine I But, as a general rule, old opinions and old institutions are too often condemned as useless lumber, and shovelled out of the way, simply because they are old. Now, I am not one of those who object to all changes and reforms of old things. Nothing of the kind." I heartily thank God for most of the changes of the last half century, whether political, or social, or scientific, or educational. I should not be an honest man if I did not declare my conviction that on the whole they are great improvements. But there is one subject about which I cannot take up new views, and that subject is the English Reformation. I cannot agree with those who now tell us that the Reformation was a blunder— that the Reformers are overpraised—that Protestantism has done this country no good—and that it would matter little if England placed her neck once more under the foot of the Pope of Rome. Against these new-fangled opinions I enter my solemn protest. I want no departure from the old Protestant paths which were cast up by Cranmer, Ridley, and Latimer, three hundred years ago. In short, about the value of the English Reformation I want no new views. I unhesitatingly maintain that " the old are better." The subject of this paper may seem a very simple one. But 1 fear there is a strange amount of ignorance about it and a widely-spread disposition to undervalue the Protestant Reformation. Time has a wonderful power of dimming men's eyes, and deadening their recollections of benefits, and making them thankless and ungrateful. Three busy centuries have slipped away since England broke with Rome, and a generation has arisen which, like Israel under the Judges, knows little of the days of the Protestant Exodus, and of the struggles in the wilderness. Partly too, from a cowardly dislike to religious controversy, partly from a secret desire to appear liberal and condemn nobody's opinions, the Reformation period of English history is sadly slurred over both in Universities and public schools. It seems an inconvenient subject, and men give it the cold shoulder. Be the cause what it may, the Reformation period is too often shunted on a siding, and has not that prominent place in ilie education of young England which such a character- forming period most richly deserves. The whole result is that few people seem to understand either the evils from which the Reformation delivered us, or the blessings which the Reformation brought in. In short, many now-a-days regard the subject of Popery as a " bore." They blindly persuade themselves that there is no mighty difference between Protestants and Papists at bottom. They say in tlieir hearts, " A plague on both your houses! it is six of one and half a dozen of another." To remove some of this ignorance, and let in a little light, is the simple aim of my paper. I want to make some of my countrymen understand that we owe an enormous debt to the Protestant Reformation. Let me clear the way by saying that I do not pretend to endorse the character of all the agents by whom the English Reformation was carried out, or to approve of everything which they did. I do not for a moment maintain that Henry VIII. was a godly man. No! Too often he was a brutal tyrant—I do not say that the statesmen who surrounded him were faultless characters. Far from it. Too many of them made a market of the Reformation, and enriched their families by plundering abbe}' lands—I do not ask you to believe that Cranmer, and other Reformers, either in the days of Henry the Eighth, or Edward the Sixth, or Elizabeth, were angels, and made no mistakes. I frankly admit that they did some things which they ought not to have done, and left undone some things which they ought to have done. But you must remember that God does a great deal of good work with very imperfect tools, such as Sennacherib, and Nebuchadnezzar, and Cyrus. All I do maintain is, that the whole result of the Protestant Reformation was an enormous gain to this country. And I confidently assert that England before the Reformation was so unlike England after the Reformation as black and white, darkness and light, night and day. Facts, stubborn facts, exist to prove the correctness of this assertion, and some of these facts I shall try to bring before you. 1\. I begin by sayiDg that the Reformation delivered England from an immense quantity of evils. In describing those evils it is hard to know where to begin and where to leave off. Their number is legion. The utmost I can do is to give you a short summary of them, and to ask you to believe that the half is left untold. (a) For one thing the Reformation delivered England from gross religious ignorance and a spiritual darkness that might be felt. No doubt there was a professing Church of Christ in the land when Henry VIII. ascended the throne, a Church abounding in wealth and garrisoned by a whole army of Bishops, Abbots, Friars, Priests, Monks, and Nuns. But money and clergymen do not make a Church of Christ any more than " men with muskets " make up an army. For any useful and soul-saving purposes the English Church was practically dead, and if St. Paul had come out of his grave and visited it, I doubt if he would have called it a church at all. The plain truth is, that it was a church without a Bible; and such a church is as useless as a lighthouse without a light, a candlestick without a candle, or a steam-engine without a fire. Except a few scattered copies of Wycliffe's translation of the Vul gate, there were no English Bibles in the land, and the natural consequence was that priests and people knew scarcely anything about God's truth and the way to be saved. As to the clergy, as a general rule, their religion was the merest form, and scarcely deserved to be called Christianity at all. Most of them were pitiful turncoats without a conscience, and were ready to change sides in religion at word of command. In fact they did so no less than four times—once under Henry VIII., once under Edward VI„ once under Bloody Mary, and once more under Elizabeth. The immense majority of the clergy did little more than say masses and offer up pretended sacrificesrepeat Latin prayers, and chant Latin hymns, which of course the people could not understand—hear confes - sions, grant absolutions, give extreme unction, and take money to get dead people out of purgatory. Preaching was utterly at a discount. As Bishop Latimer truly remarked, "When the devil gets influence in a Church, up go candles and down goes preaching." Quarterly sermons were indeed prescribed to the clergy, but not insisted on. Latimer says that while mass was never to be left unsaid for a single Sunday, sermons might be omitted for twenty Sundays in succession, and nobody was blamed. After all, when sermonis were preached they were utterly unprofitable; and latterly to preach much was to incur the suspicion of being a heretic. To cap all, the return that Bishop Hooper got from the rich diocese of Gloucester, no barbarous and uncivilised corner of England, when he was first appointed Bisbop in 1551, will give you a pretty clear idea of the ignorance of pre-Reformation times. He found that out of 311 clergy of his diocese, 168 were unable to repeat the Ten Commandments; 31 of the 168 could not say what part of the Scripture they were to be found; 40 could not tell where the Lord's Prayer was written ; and 31 of the -10 did not kpow who was the author of the Lord's Prayer! As to the laity it is not too much to say that the bulk of them, except in the hour of trial, sickness, and death, had no religion at all. Even at such seasons as those there was no one to tell them of the love of God, the mediation of Christ, the glad tidings of free salvation, the precious blood of atonement, and justification by faith. They could only send for the priest, who knew nothing himself and could tell nothing to others ; and then at last they received absolution and extreme unction, and took a leap in the dark. " The blind led the blind, and both fell into the ditch." To sum up all in a few words, the religion of our English forefathers before the Reformation was a religion without knowledge, without faith, and without lively hope—a religion without justification, regeneration, and sanctification—a religion without any clear views of Christ or the Holy Ghost. Except in rare instances, it was little better than an organised system of Mary-worship, saint-worship, image-worship, relicworship, pilgrimages, almsgivings, formalism, ceremonialism, processions, prostrations, bowings, crossings, fastings, confessions, penances, absolutions, masses, and blind obedience to the priests. It was a huge higgledypiggledy of ignorance and idolatry, and serving an unknown God by deputy. The only practical result was that the priests took the people's money, and undertook to secure their salvation, and the people flattered themselves that the more they gave to the priests the more sure they were to go to heaven. As to the grand cardinal question, " What must I do to be saved ? " probably not one Englishman in fifty could have given you half as good an answer as any ordinary Sundayschool child would give in our own day. Such was the ignorance which was scattered to the winds by the English Reformation. Mind you do not forget it. (To be continued.) 