Light and Shade. BY ENDYMION. THE general public know, of course, little of the real trials of newspaper men. In such a com munity as this, especially during the silly season, when Parliament is not sitting, they are severer than the heedless skimmer of newspapers ima gines. Here is a glimpse behind the scenes of the sort of harrowing disappointment that makes us Pressmen grow prematurely white. One night* this week, when news was particularly scarce, said > our sub-editor was going about with his thumb* tucked behind his braces in a state of leaden-eyed despair, growling at the hard fate that had driven him to sub adit a newspaper in a country where even a promising railway accident was sure to be frus trated by somebody's over-offiouMisness, an indi vidual in a state of some excitement came into the office. Kinglake has told how a Tiwus editor on duty keeps a number of " crouching tigers" •waiting his signal to spring upon any sub ject he may indicate. But these London tigera are gorged and sated with news, and cannot therefore be expected to approach in ferocity the Brisbane starveling of the same species, ravening for the barest morsels of in* taUigenos. Six of these latter emaciated animals, with quills erect, prepared to spring, upon the bmw comer who had quite obviously brought the tidings of some deed of horror. But the sub* editor, not to be balked of his prey on such a night of starvation, pounced upon the visitor and carried him off to bis den. The door was open. In the reporters' room a death- like silence reigned. "Then in a voice monotonous and hollow as a ghost's" the strange man told his tale. There had been a curious •ooideat at Gatton. Poliee-oonstable Arrell was engaged in grooming his horse, which, fastened by a halter, had become restless, and rearing suddenly over had broken his neck. Death had been instantaneous. " Dear me, very dreadful—very, very dreadful 1" said our sub editer, rubbing hit) hands in a manner there was no mistaking as he bowed his informant downstairs. " Many thanks, sir, for these sad details; good-night. In the midst of life we are .in death. Good-night, my dear sir." The* a great sigh of satisfied relief went up .from the ' reporters* room, and it was reft that constable Arrell had com mitted a noble act of self-sacrifice in rescuing the morftWs paper from utter dullness by breaking his neck In spite of the decorous gravity of our sub-editor's face, a certain buoyancy of gait which hat} replaced the former desponding list* sesames, told us who- knew him of the elation of his souL Suddenly he remembered that we had ao particulars of the deceased, and a reporter was despatched, who eaugfat the inform ant within , fifty yards of the office door. ** Had the peer*' creature any youngsters V asked the hnathlese reporter. " Youngsters V repeated the1 other; " I can't say, but I thiuk he was-*'getting." " A—l beg your pardob?" *' Anf how he was a chestnut, I know that much." M Yoh< mistake me," commenced the reporter, " I mean the poor man who broke bis neck—Con* stabb Arrell, yon know." Then there was a loud-about of laughter, which, penetrating the window of the reporters' room, fell somehow like • chill upon everybody. It was only the horse after all, and no one dared go near the editor's den for the rest of the night It. was gratifying to find that that little bill of eosto which came under the notice of the Chief Justice the other day, in a matrimonial cause, made his honour wince. I w»s not in court, but •m told the chief scanned it with a ragef ul eye, and declared 'twas pitiful, 't»w wondroiu pitiful. Dickens wrote a book specially to satirise the costs; and delays of a great English court, but» although since "Little Dorrit" there has been some reform in the latter respect, fees remain like the everlasting hills (which flesh is heir to) stationary. I glean an instruc tive little case from the home papers, which leads me to think.that "afriendly suit" must be very diverting to the legal fraternity, and that what lawyers term "'equity " is one of the grimmest jokes going. The case is this : Annie Richardson, • domestic servant, had saved £240, to which her master, Sir George Balfour, added a free gift of £60, lodging the whole with trustees, who Were to pay her the interest. After a time Annie, wishing to 'go to New Zealand, required her capital, to which the trustees bad no objection, providing the Master of the Rolls gave leave. To secure this a friendly suit was insti tuted, and the leave obtained, but the costs amounted to £216. This formality having re sulted in the distribution of more than two thirds of Annie's savings amongst the profession, ■he will probably be pretty shy of the New Zea land lawyers. As law reform is only possible With the aid of lawyers, we are not likely to see any change in the direction of cheap law. When Will an Oliver Cromwell arise to take this matter in hand? The application of soience to every-day life is one of the most pleasing features of our time. It b not long since Mr. Moffatt introduced the use of anwathettcs into the branding-yard at Cum kUlumbah. A little chloroform saved the oolta much pain, and rendered the operator's work far easier. In the matter of catching a chy horse, however, people still follow the old hectoring custom of bailing him up in a corner, pelting him with outrageous epithets, and, should he try to bolt round, brandishing the bridle at him with fresh volleys of blasphemy. This method bos doubtless done useful service, but I am glad to see it is likely to be superseded by the milder devices of science. In a late issue the Cairn* Advertittr gives a recipe which is headed " How to catch a horse," but which would be more appropriate as " How to avoid intemperate lan guage in catching a horse." Here it is : — If the ony ii il»r and hud to catch, takt ftnely-graUd hone castor, oik of rhodium and cummin; keep them in separate bottles, well corked ; put tome of the cummin on your hand, and approach the hone on the windy tide. He will than more towards yon. As mob m 70a can reach him rub tome of the cummin on bis nose, give him a little of the castor or anything he likes, and get a few drops of the oil of rhodium on his tongue. After this yon can make him do nearly anything you want. Treat him kindly, feed well, handle gently, and your victory is certain. This will be hailed with joy on the Barooo. Or Mr. James Dawson I know nothing beyond his own statement that he is "a local guardian of Victorian aborigines," lifing at "Benny Bill, Camperdown, Victoria," from which place he dates a letter in February last to the *»<iw», to call the attention of the people of Great Britain to " the horrible atrocities and wholesale butcheries now being almost daily perpe trated on the aborigines of Australia," There is little doubt that our pioneers who have come into collision with the blacks, and have found the latter hostile, savage and treacherous, hare taken the law into their own hands till in many eases human life has greatly lost its sanctity for them. They may even have realised De Quinoey's curiously graduated scale of crime, and dreaded lest murder should so far deprave them as to lead them ulti mately to Sabbath-breaking and procrastination. There is much to be urged by men whose lives, families, and property are threatened by savages, and in some casesfit cannot be denied that the only security possible is the reign of terror. Yet, it must unfortunately be admitted, there have been need less barbarities which shame our nature, but which unfortunately are among the inseparable condi tions of war even between civilised races. The. most determined atrocity-monger would hardly have ventured I should have thought to charge Sir Arthur Kennedy with "complicity in these wicked massacre* of her majesty's subjects," Mr. Dawson, however, does not shrink from this. He is careful to tell us he does not even know the name of the gentleman he so unsparingly condemns—which is a little singular, unless the protector should have permanently taken up his abode with the people upder his care. "Of the present governor of Queensland I neither know the name nor oharaoter ; but this I am justified in saying, that to have her majesty represented by a- man who coolly site with folded anna while deliberate massacres of, tribes of aboriginal men, women, and infanta go on, almost daily, not only tarnishes the lustre of the Crown, but brings disgrace on her majesty's reign." This is rather rough upon the amiable gentle* man who rules us. and who ii not even afraid to express his kindly sentiments towards the Chinese. J am' soothed in the disappointment of not having been made a Governor, by reflect ing with King Hal that the head of a) State suffers from many oppressions not shared by as lesser fry: O hard condition, Twta-bora with grotnoM, ratyeot tothe bnatffeY Of eyery fool, whose- sense no more oaa ftwl But his own wringing. 