MELBOURNE. ' - (from our own- correspondent.) v.- ; \- - - ' Thursday evening. rThq sqssiqmis draiyijig to-'a olose,- Let .tljero be no mistako about "that. ' There will be no resurreotion. ; Tjie ghosUjwon't wqlb. The Go- Yernrocnt liavo a lively air 'of abandonment- AIL tnoy. insist on lSjtne Loan Bill in order to: be in- a po?|tjoji , to atlaqh 'tlio shgarif (i forttinate con junction of oir'cumstances ja tho money raafkJot: occurs., AVitlj this .and .the.Loans-Refiomption Bill and the Appropriation Bill they will be con- tent. They won't deal with the mallee, and the Harbour Trust Bill must look after itsolf, while : you may bo very sure that the .Residence Areas! will bo'.looked . after 1 by . the. Major. Oil the! other hand the Opposition say that the ' Chinoso! Influx Restriotion:Bill will be so soverely handled! in the. Council that it will: not be possiblo to- allow the.aossion to oloso without dealing with it ; that the Sludge Bill will be rejected—for which, happy despatch the mining, mombers of! Assembly pray, in publio nightly— and that apart' from the Council they intend . to oppose the pas-! sage-of the : Loan. Bill unless the Railway - Bill! comes before,tho. House at tho same time. Thoy! also feel somewhat hurt ithat the Government' shouldjhave so cleverly thrown upon - them the! appearance of resistance ' to the progress of! business, '-:.;and;:-.'-talk'-:1';of':...;haTing.: a typical! division- before, tho close of the- session, just lo! show who .favours', the1' postponement of j busmoss and who opposes It. - To discuBs these! and other matters, especially the means,' of keep-1 ing.- ihe. country alive during the recess, a meet-; ing of those. of the Opposition1 who' feel inclinodi to attend, not a regular party -caucus will be held! on Tuesday, ovoning. There will,' however, be!- no organised Opposition ; for tho best of all rea-i sons that'the left side of the House is not strong enough. and while thoy feel that: Mr Berry was' unjustly, denied.1 the -reoess he was- ontitled to, | they- are-equally— indisposed To'- punish - them-i selves now as: a means qf asserting tho fact. So i that, thanks to the pressure of publio opinion! and the exhausted feeling- of a large proportion- of tho Houso who do not think it of use to spendj the.hpllday in political conflict, te are at last safe1 -for q reasanablq.tiqia of rcouperation whioh those i mombers of Parliament and Press who have! borne tho exhausting toil of tho protracted ses-j sioqs! ofJJieJasjt , three years will gladly ' wel- i come. | At tho Genoral, Sessions John . Sergeant, for-- morly temperance oaterec at the Exhibition, was' presented on a charge of damaging- the: property! of Mr J; Munro,: ' M.L.Ai i ::The accused, iwhoi has been a soldier, made a military salute onl entering- the aoujrt,/ FAtfhls: request the caso was! adjouruod until to-morrow, owing to the absenoe! of his counsel from town. ! Tenders wore ao'oepted to-day for the following! works-reqijirod moonnectioniwithr the Rail way! departmont— For supply of 300 carriage roof hole: covers Mr J. Hillstonf -LIBO; ; manufacture! and supply-of engines, boilers and pumps, Messrs' Humblo and Nioholson, L4I58. I I- A- 'young ! man 1 named' Harry ,!Papfoj;th 1 wqs | oommitted for trial to-day 'qn ' thfee' oh'arges' of) forgery and uttoring."' — - ; - — Sir JonoB, an . Ejizsbeth-street grocer, has oommencod an notion "against tho : Board of. Land and Works to reoqvor L2000 damages fob injuries received by him in the Jolimont 'railway | accident. , ! In the Equity Oourl to-day, before His Honor) Mi( Justiqo ,II|gin(bothapil.,tliQ h.caring.q( nrgu-, njsqts.in thq sqilj of Bajwick agajnslj tho.Puohess ,o t Edinburgh, Oo, was oonc(udod. .. Hia Honour- res.qj:vci his. decisiqn.. ; ' j.V.,.. ' . Tho ipjunotion oaae -of M'Kenzia against the: iMaciame' Rerry Qorapauy,/ Oreawlok.UiaS' -been, amicably settled. In tho Supreme Court to-day,' Mr Box, on bohalf of the company, moved that the irule -.ho /discharged,' .each party to .pay 'their' own eosts, and .the dofendanta 'agreeing to keep the throe springs clear; — A. lare,, quantity of' :valusblq 'goods wore1 soizod this morning ns -contraband by 'the Cus toms offiqats, -from the luggage of a passenger by, Uip'Barcelonn, from Hamburg, named Beokor. He informed tlio landing waiter that no dutiable articles were present, but upon examination a: quantity, /of-o very .. valuable jewellery, vasoa, and photograph albums - were discovered an seized. , In anBwer to -the demand why thq goods should not bo confiscated, Becker re- phqd thatithey were intended for Now Zealand. : 