M E . BPOOPBNDYKE'S SPOUSE. SH£ £>I8AGBEES WITH HIMA6TO THE IADIES 0E SHALL CALL Uros, «Now, my desri' said Mr. Spoopendyke, 'let me see the list of ladies you want me to cair oii. 1 really don't care to go round mucb, but a man ought to do what bis wife want* him to do on New Year's day. Where's the list T . 'Here it is,' said Mrs. Spoopendyke, fluttering 'around' with berbair in her mouth. mote them all out with the addresses for you. so you wouldn't have any trouble,' * Wiiat'iiiafaeB you put old Sister Lamb at (ha head of the liet,' growled Mr. Spoopenidyke. 'She's got a w^rt on her chin the sice of afire- bell, and she can't talk anything Ittt the adrantages ofeggorer store coal for lieating ,6undBy>school. J 'Butebe belongs to tbechurch,and I don't believe viany'. one el«e will call on her,' fessoned Mtf, Spoopendyke. 'She'll be tipblld^o Je»tb to see ypu,' do you think I'm starting out for P' demaBdfidiUr. Spoopendyke fiercely, * (Got «ridea T'«i' eP'ng around like a missionary, t o W r V the "<JoT? B I to people everybody else p whoU what's pecond name here? IFto'? Mrs. fi-h-k-l-y-m-b-r-ert-o-v PV , ? '' I ' That's Mra.Wolverton. I promised her ou would call. Never mind J&rs.; Xatnb, iut you ought lo call ou Mrs. 'Wolverton. 1 . * What for P TtVJiat heeehe got in common with me, except that.her-bones are hollow ? 6hj?^dgn'tc^no«ir<£be.3difFerence between a Guinea pig and'the burning of Jerusalem. Always-wantBto^nowif-Ztloc't think Sodom and ^omorraji ,were, parableq. le that the IclidwiiBt yoiivVmade'out P Want me to .fnn around: ^imonj{:4fae .old; monuments. Who's Mra.fiwash ?' 'Shat'a Mrs, Smith, the little widow.. T e a know ehe'a interested in sending m out W f i V t o set^HflKB^i womeh -j3bj'il iijsiu! 'She will if she sees tiitr. She'll make me laUgh like a hyena if elie gets one eye <>n me. Hj"Who's that yellow-beaded girl that Bits two peirs in front of us P I'd call on her, now.' ' She's a liitle chit of a thing. You don't want to run after those young people—a maD of your age!' What's the reasoD I don't ?' howled Mr. Spoopendyke. ' Got an- idea that I only care for the t )Ugh old people, haven't you P Think I'm a sort of Plymouth Rock, don't youP Got any more old landmarks that needs inspection ?' I don't care I' remonstrated Mrs. Spoopendyke, indignantly ; ' They're nice people and I like to cultivate lliem. They may be along in life, but they can't help it. 1 ' Cultivate 'em, if you want to,' growled Mr. Spoopendyke ; * but if you think I'm going hoeing around among 'ein ou the 1st of January, you're left. What d'ye want to cultivate 'omfor? With your I'rionda and idtas. you only need weekly prayerH and an alarm of fire to be an old woman's homn. Who else have you g'it here? Mrs. Slig- Eonspratt. Mrs. Woptenslough Mies K-i-m-p-z-f ' 'You don't read them right at all,' complained Mrs. Spoppeudyke. ' That's Mrs. Silverepoon, and Mis. Worthingtou, and Miss Hemmingway. They ere just as nice as they can be,' 'Are they tbe three old worthies who howl in thechoir ?' arked Mr. Spoopendyke, sternly. ' They've got a grandson old eaough to be my father,' ' They haven't,' sobbed Mrs. Spoopendyke. • You know better.' ' Well, moat of 'em have. What d'yp want me to call on them for ? &ot; any tnurfl old almanacs expecting me f Where's the Sphinx P Y u haven't got. the Sphinx down here, nor the Tower of Babel, Wbo'ro these other pyramids ?' Wbo's Mrs. Upsidedown P' •That's Mrs. Edgerton. She sent you tSe jelly , when you were sick, and you snid Bbe was the beet woman in Brooklyn, You'll have to call on her for politeneEe,' said Mrs Spoopendylip, severely. 'I won't either,' shouted Mr. Spoopendyke. ' The jelly was sour, and she tnailo me pay a dollar toward a pleeter-of-parie angel for a Btarving family out in Flntbush. Who's this other nurse of George Washington's? Here, this is a mistake—I went to old MisB Schuraslock'e funeral thirty years ago.' ' You didn't! You never did !' proclaimed Mrr. Spoopendyke, thoroughly aroused ' That iBn't ber name, either. Tt's Mies Schufield, and ebe is tbe best friend I've got, I only want ' ' I know what you want,' bieeed Mr. Spoopendyke. ' You want a few more acquaintances end a map, to be a guide book to sncicnt Troy, Tbink I'm going to call on tliot old monolith ? Got anything here that belongs to modern times P Know anybody who has been dug up within six or eight centuries P Who's that black-eyed girl in tbe Bible class p Don't she bang out a flag to-day P' I I wouldn't look at her,' sniffed Mrs. Spoopendyke. ' I wouldn't bave you go there for worlds. Besides, she don't receive. 1 ' Wbat's this P 1 demanded Mr. Spoopendyke. ' What's Mrs. W-i-m-p- q-B-t-v-i-q got to do with it P What cemetery will 1 find her in ?' ' That's Mrs. TVilloughby,' explained Mrs. Spoopendyke, complacently. 1 Slie'a the young widow who recently joined the church,' ' I don't mind calling on her,' said Mr. Spoopendyke. ' She wasn't born more'n 4000 years before tbe Christian era, Got any more like ber ? Does this measly Jiet CODtain anybody else who wasn't the mother of tbe Chinese Empire? Think of any more gravestones that haven't fo-xl tbe epitaphs worn off ?' ' No,' replied Mr«, Spoopendyke, coldly, 1 and, now 1 remember, Mrs. "Wiliougbby receives calls with friends in Buffalo.' ' Dod cast your dod gaated list 1' bowled Mr. Spoopendyke, dancing on the unhappy document, ' What d'ye think I am—a ghoul P S'poee I'm going to prance around among all the measly old ghosts in Brooklyn? S'poee l''n going to swash around, and eat cake and drink lemonade with a lot of illustrations of the silurion period? Tbink I'm going to spend the day with a lot of articulated old skeletons just because they belong to the same church that I do P' And Mr. Spoopendyke popped out of tbe house like a bUEg.~ JBreo%?i Eagle. 