FREEMASON.RY EXPOSED. and The following graphic (1) letter.contri- fert buted by "A Victim " to the order,which gra; appeared in the Freemasons' MAonthl (ob Magazine, will doubtless be read with quc interest:- Mr I have joined the Masonic fraternity; tior Mr Editor. I am a free and accepted effe son, or brother, or whatever it is, of that miu ancient and mysterious organisation. I tha have belonged to many secret societies in the my time-I have been an Orangeman, Col and a Son of Temperance, and a Fenian, wol and, if I rememberaright, I once belonged exl to a gang of coiners-but this Masonic is arrangement, this institution of the com- he pass and square, distances them all. I for had often wondered what sort of thing a of Mason was, in what respect he differed titr from an ordinary being. Again and again , have I pumped persons who I thought sul knew what was what with a view of to finding out something regarding these the queer men, but it was no go. Mum was be the word, and those who could tell wouldn't, and those who would couldn't; pgr for further information I was "told to go and find out. I had a vague idea of my the own that a Mason was a sort of super- ob natural being, a regular ring- tailed roarer, in with horns and hoofs to match, who could eff come down the chimney or get through sic the key!iole, and disappear like a flash dr. of lightning-a chap that would knock col blazes out of a fellow with the wink of his Ti: eye, and of whom the devil himself was 12 afraid. There is one singular thing connected frt with Masonry of which you are perhaps m, not aware, and that is a Mason p never dies. Occasionally it is given als out that a brother has departed si< this life, and the fraternity is in respectfully summoned to do honour to de his remains, but it is all a sham, a big lu swindle gotten up to throw dust in the pc eyes of the uninitiated. The coffin is bh stuffed full of bricks, and deposited with ,i due solemnity in the cemetery, while the brothers and friends are blubbering their al eyes out over the graves of the dear d' t. parted, and the departed quietly enjoying , himself in the back room of some hotel, , preparatory to leaving for parts unknown. s It is a fact, Mr Editor, Masons never die. They may change their appearance si and move off to other spheres, but as for h dying they don't do it. It is supposed by ir some that after they have transacted is wickedness enough on this earth they are of transformed into comets and meteors and go wandering through space, kicking up shines and raising the devil generally. And a great many people suppose that the last meteoric display was nothing al more or less than a free fight between some rival lodges that have crossed each P others path ; the different coloured lights v betokening the different degrees they tl had acquired in the flesh. Freemasonry is of ancient date, as E proven by the fact that during the wet ti season Noah used to hold meetings in the d corner of the ark. He was obliged to give h it up, however, owing to the curiosity of Mrs Noah, who, notwithstanding the fact I that her husband placed a big pair of lions h and a big crocodile at the door as outside guard, came pretty near finding out the a' secret and starting a female lodge on her t own hook. u 1 must tell you the perils and trials I d had to undergo to become a Mason. On e the evening in question, I presented my- t] self at the door of the Lodge-room, No. f e 66,666, sign of the skull and cross bones. j3 tI was conducted to the ante.room, where 0 d five or six melancholy chaps, in sashes t and embroidered napkins,were waiting to r receive me. 0 On my entrance, they all got up and t turned backsomersaults, and then quietly resumed their seats. A big fat fellow, who sat in the middle, and who seemed t to be the proprietor, then said, " Sinner " Y from the outward world advance." I 0 Sadvanced. ." Will you give up every a thing to join us ?" "Not if I know it," said I. "There's my wife and fourteen e fine.- " (Another party here told me it was a mere matter of form). The d fellows in the towels then groaned, and ': said, "'Tis well." " Do you swear never. to reveal anything.you may see or hear d this evening, nor to your wife '1" I said, if "'Pon my word I will not." 'They then examined my teeth, and felt.my muscles, a f and made mne put out my tongue, and d ', then groaned again. I said, "If you it don't feel well, I have got a little bottle r 3\. here that - ." That fat man here it took hold of the bottle from me, and told 0 me to shut up. He then, in a voice of t. thunder, said, "Bring forth the goat." d Another fellow then came forth and I, blindfolded me. "No you don't, Mr 1- Mason," I said; "no tricks on travellers, if if you please. I don't believe playing at blindman's buff:with a goat. I'll ride the ne devil:if you like, but I don't go it blind. 'y Stand back, or ill knock you into id smithereens." They were too much for if me, however, and I had to submit to be n blindfolded. The goat was then led in, s and I could hear him making an awful th racket among the furniture. I begsn to 5- feel that I was urgently wanted at home, d. but I was in for it, and could not help of myself. Three or four fellows then Ie seized me, and with a demoniacal laugh, n- pitched me on the animal's back, telling at me at the same time to look out for d- squalls. I have been in a good many or scrapes, Mr Editor ; I've been in an elec le tion fight; I've been pitched out of a ng four-storey window; I have gone down an in a railroad collision, and up in a steam gh boat explosion, but this goat excursion re was ahead of them all. The confounded lic thing mustbe all wings and horns. It m- bumped me against the tibles and nd thie stove and the ceiling, but I iung on ee like a Trojan. I turned front somnersaults, led and rolled over till I thought it was all in over with me. I was just on the point of pe giving up when the bandage fell from my ng eyes, and the goat bounded through the m- window with a yell like a Camarnohe Indian giving up the ghost. I was in Lodge of Masons. They were dancing a war dance around a skull, and playing leapfrog and turning handsprings, and the big fat fellow of the ante-room was stand ing on his head in the corner finishing the contents of my little bottle. Order was soon restored, and I was led up to a desk and told to stand at my ease. The chief engineer of the establishment then put his thumb to his nose, and stretching his fingers in the shape of a fan towards me, commanded silence. The rest of the brethren did likewise, and were silent. The governor then addressed me: " Brother Knobb, you are now one of us. You are now a member of an institution that has lasted over ten millions of years. From this time hence your constitution is sound. You are impervious to light or Iheat, or any other atmospheric influence. You are water-proof, fire-proof, and over proof. With impunity you may walk through the lake, or sit on a red-hot stove; with impunity drink aqunafortis, rye whisky, Wahoo bitters, or any other poisonous substance. You are free from rheumatism, dyspepsia, whooping-cough, and the measles. The sheriff dare not seize you for debt, nor the policeman for misdemeanour. You are of us, and you are safe. Here is the pass-word; with that and a big club you can get into any lodge in Christendom." Ithen stood the whisky and water all the way round, and I was a free and accepted Mason. 