ENTERTAINMENT BY THE XADINA AMATEUR DRAMATIC CLUB. This club, which lias now been in existence for come years, «od has successfully catered to the publicly placinjg 'ioh the~t>oaxdr~Binusing ant!" entertaining pieces of almost every description, tried their hands at tragedy on Easter Monday and Tuesday evening at the Oddfellows' Hall, Kadjaa. There was a large audience, indeed -we a&ever; remember seeing so many people crowded into that Sail before, every inch of fpace being occupied, which proyes the high estimate the public place upon the performances of the club; an# wo mast Bay the members «ire deserving of tfao highest praise, as sthey never place a piece beforfi t)ie public vith out mastering it in all its details, po «ft?tter how long it takes, hence thb reason of their fju.^o,epe, and on Monday night last that honor was further vouch afed to them in a most marked decree, on placing on the stage for thp gret time in .ail * he Australian Colonies with .entirely p<w recenes sod effects, the two set sepsajtiona! "Tragedyj (entitled, the murder of Maris Hartia in the Bed jBarn,' which event took place in the County <of Suffolk, England, in the year .3.828. The performance opened sharp at8 p ot. ?v» ith an overture Orchestra (the Xadina Swing band), under tbe ferinrehip of Mr S. Thomas; The rising of the CurJtafO gave the 1st Sceoe in Act I, Interior of Martiu'f £?<?Wfge. in which the heroine is Introduced SB 00 tins outlook for her Jover, Wm. Corder, who arrives and etaies his plane,promising to obtain a license to enable Jiim to Jtwiy her. He then takes his departure, with the View of returning at a plated time to claim her as hiB wife. Then ft<4iowed the scene between ^farmer Martin, jcl^e raged parent, Dame Martin, and thejr daughter, who. sounds the praises of 3ier loser' in their ears until they willingly gam jtbeir consent to the marriage of tf&eir; favorite child with Wiiiiam Corder, of the Bed Barn The s^copul JM$ne introduced Maria's sister, Annie Martin, and her jlojw Tim Bobbin, in the Front Wood. This .was {piloted t>¥ another 6cv^ne in Martin's Cottage where Wtp. f*Qrfler fe app ears after having arranged his plans Cor de coying victim from her bow,®, ft#preying a diegufra fo? Maria to wear untiljtfrey lifted in the Be4 J'sm a« bad been arranged. JTarjftejr Martin-seem^, on seeing the male attif» placed <,n the table by W- Corder, to shudder at the idea eof hiB damgeter having to disguise herself before leaving liome to meet hov betrothed at the Bed Born. Having overcome hit fefiJiaga he arose and gave a fath$r'e blessing to W&\- Corder for his honorable conduct in restoring hfc cfetygfjter to honor by taking her jjpnd in marmge. The scene of the Front Wood it again introduced where the parting of the sisters £akes place, and is Been by Annie's lover, Tim $obfc}a, jy&o; gets enraged on witnessing his sweetheart Annie p& braeing her sister Maria, srho is dressed in tnaje attire. Then follows t hi sqece in the JJed Barn, where ah altercatioa takes place between fiordev ..and Maria, when the latter £nds out :tho tr#e rcbaff&cter; of this man Who bad induced (her to jneet Jbitn in . euoha quiet and ont-of-tbe wy as the Bed Barn; and as she yefaied "to farther assist in cloaking . his villainy, he ip p jja«Bion stabbed his victim to the heart, after .w^ich pp disposed of the body. Act H. ?«j»ens with Margin*? Cftttsgp in which the oldfolka ere lamenting the cpntisued pf their daughter, .of Fbose whereabouts they hftve heard nothing-.; The old man leaves his wife .to go in fiewefc of their child the Dame Mar fin hnB fallen .asleep in ier^h|tir. ffere is intro duced wifli fine je|fect t&e; ghost sceue, wkvrP $?e murdered da&^hfer app^rs to her mptjher in her dreflm^ arid, afterwards disappears. At ibis pp^pters with other members of we /ewily, jrfceja p^ual ^xpLanjascprisfollow;, r&uJtittg; jp the BUQCefsafyi diBcovcry (Of^Iafia's remains lying fcjmed in the Bed Barn.* Tfcfin follows in rapid sut«ft»«pn the rem aining jtceoe*-border's 3io use, his capture Jay the police. Ibis trial .$#4 condemnation, the last floeoo shoirjnj bioz iu fh* oell the night before his execution, and in which the ghost of Ins victim re-appears to him in a vision, and beckons him hence. Then follows the scene where the executioner takes charge of his priso ner, and is about to lead him out to his fate whep the ghost and all the actors reappear on tha stage forming a grand tableau as the curtain drops. It would be a difficult matter to say who took his part best, as all alike sustained their respective characters till the close of the piece. The get up and acting of M. W. Bendell as Maria Martin was really good, and the same might be said of Jno. Johns, who took the cast of Dame Martin. The " rig" of Same Martin was really so good that many were de ceived in him. Mr D. Brown, who took the character of W. Corder, acted his part, as he always does, in the most natural manner possible, while Mr JS. Juliff, as Farmer Martin, excelled himself in the old man The other characters were well sustained bv Messrs K. Parneil, jun., M. Hollingsworth, Jas, Brown, A. Lee (E. Parneil, jun.), M. Mitchell, E. Sampson, and A. Middleton (as Anne Martin). Then followed the second part, in which Mr Parneil, jun., sang in character a nigger song in capital style, bringing down the house with his drolleries. On his re-appearing to an imperative call for an eneore he repeated the last two Terses of his song. Mr Samuel Thomas then sang " The Death of Nelson," in a manner that elicited rounds of applause, Mr Thoui^s was in excellent voice, and we never remember having heard him to such advantage in this song. He did not respond to the demand for an encore. Part three opened with another overture by the string band, the playing of which adds materially to the general effect of the club performance. The whole concluded with the side splitting farce Uncle Jeff ; or. Black Gardiner outwitted, this was a lively little piece Mr E. Parneil taking the principal character Uncle Jeff,which he well sus tained, as also did M. W. Bendeli as Mrs Grimes. The other character were-Dr Cole, D. Brown, Jun,; Harry Golf, the doctor's son, who courts the daughter (Mis9 Grime?) while the old Dr eaurta the mother (Mrs Grimes}; Jumbo, Mr J. Brown; Simon, B. Sampson ; Josephine, Jno. Jones. The latter appeared to great advantage in this piece, taking his part in an easy, graceful, and natural manner. Altogether the performance gave the greatest satisfaction to all those present; and on the following evening it was agaiu repeated to a large audience. We understand that it is likely to be repeated at Wallaroo and Moonta. 