pEtol and (Swwal Vaccination at St. Vincent’s Orphan >e.—We are informed that the Hon. Dr. ’Doherty is about to visit St. Vincent’s Or utnage with a view to vaccinate the in ates. Confirmation at St. Vincent’s Orpiian :ie, Nuogee.—Last Sunday was a gala day >r the youngsters of St. Vincent’s Orphanage udgee, the occasion being a Confirmation eld there by his Lordship the Bishop of ic diocese. His Lordship, after having said n early Mass in Brisbane, arrived at the Or hanago at half-past 10 o’clock a.in., and the ceremony commenced about half-an-hour afterwards. The Bev. J. V. Canali attended as assistant-priest. His Lordship, before ad ministering the sacrament, explained, in his usual clear and impressive manner, its mean' ing and institution, and the conditions re quisite for its worthy reception. He then proceeded with the ceremony, after which he delivered another beautiful discourse, in which he pointed out to the newly-confirmed Christians, the obligations which they had that day contracted ; and exhorted them, in affecting terms, to fulfil those obligations, and to remain true children of Jesus Christ for the rest of their lives. At 4 o’clock p.m., the children re- assembled in the chapel, when the Bishop again addressed them, chiefly in reference to the dangers which awaited them in after life. One of the greatest of these dangers, his Lordship said, was the temptation to excessive indulgence in the use of ardent spirits ; and in order that they might be fortified against this danger, he asked them to repeat after him the words of the teetotal temperance pledge, and to bind themselves to total abstinence until they reach their twenty-fifth year. The little ones fervently repeated the words of the pledge, and his Lordship gave them his blessing. This concluded the day’s festivities We are informed that the number of children who received Confirmation, was 57. This _ in cluded a few externs who live in the neigh bourhood of the Orphanage. The Jubilee.—Elsewhere will be found the pastoral of his Lordship the Bishop of the diocese, announcing the proclamation of the general jubilee by his Holiness Leo XIII. Peter’s Pence.—We understand that on next Sunday week, August 7, a Peter’s Pence collection will take place in all the churches and chapels of this diocese. The object of this collection, as every Catholic knows, is to relieve the temporal necessities of our Holy Father the Pope. To Our Subscribers.—Our last quarter having terminated on the 24th instant, bills are now being issued to our Subscribers through out the colony. In Brisbane and Ipswich our collector shall present the accounts as usual, in the course of the ensuing week. St. Patrick’s Church, Valley. — In •another column will be found a list of sub scribers to the weekly collection in aid of the Building Fund, together with the amounts subscribed, during the nine weeks from May 8 to July 3 inclusive. Orphan Boys and Girls Soon Beady for Employment.—We understand that a con siderable number of boys and girls, at present inmates of St. Vincent’s Orphanage, have nearly reached the age when they must leave it, and will, therefore, be soon ready to take employment. We are requested to state for the benefit of intending applicants for these children, that such applicants must be fur nished with a form of application, which must be filled up and attested as therein described. Blank forms may be had on application to the Inspector of Orphanages, Brisbane, or to the Sisters of Mercy, All Hallows’ Convent. The Sister in charge of St. Vincent’s makes arrangements with employers individually, according to the circumstances of each child to be placed out. She also keeps up corre spondence with them long after their depar ture from the Orphanage. The Temperance Society.—In order to bring this society into full working order •after considerable interruption during the last few months, it has been decided to hold a meeting every Sunday afternoon until further notice. On each occasion a lecture will be delivered. The subject for to-morrow will be the “Temporal Power of the Pope,” by Father Breen. We hope there will bo a good attendance on the occasion. Value of Land in Queen-street.—The remaining allotments known as the old Supreme Court site were sold by Mr. A. Martin on Tuesday. There was a good at tendance and a brisk competition. The proceeds of the sale amount to .£20,795 for nine lots, the total area of which is less than 74 perches, which is, therefore, at the rate of over £40,000 an acre. The Small-Pox Scare.—It is pleasant to have to announce that the rumour of small pox in South Brisbane is without foundation. The family supposed to be affected were isolated and afterwards removed to the hulk Proserpine, stationed in the river near Toowong. Vigorous action was taken by the authorities, but happily the precaution does not seem to have been necessary. The Agent-General.—Mr. Arthur Maca lister, Agent-General for this colony in London, has been very ill for some months past. lie has forwarded to the Government the certificates of two medical men as to the infirm state of his health, and, in compliance with liis own request, has been granted six months’ leave of absence. Mr. Thomas Archer has been appointed acting Agent General, and will immediately take charge of the office. Mr. T. Archer is brother to Mr. Archer, M.L.A for Blackall. Finns in Brisbane.—Two fires have oc curred during the week. About 10 o'clock on Sunday night a fire- broke out on the premises of Mr. Fabian, general storekeeper, corner of Ann and Constance- streets, Valley. Mr. Fabian was absent, being in Melbourne on his way from England. The fire originated in the upper storey which was used as a resi dence. The fire brigade was promptly in attendance, and the fire was subdued by 11 o’clock. Portion of the stock was sa-ed. The building -was insured for £500, and the stock for a similar amount.—Another fire took place on the following morning betweeri 2 and 3 o’clock, on the Ipswich lload, about half a mile from the Wooloongabba hotel. The principal building destroyed was a shop and dwelling-house belonging to Mr. Heaslop, and occupied by Mr. J. Maier, who carried on the business of cigar manu facture. Mr. Maier stated that he had been unwell and went outside about 1 o’clock, leaving a kerosine lamp burning on the table. On his return he found the room in flames, the lamp having ] exploded. The house was burned down in the course of an hour. No fire alarm had been given. A small bumpy close by was also burned. Mr. Heaslop is in sured on the building £200, and Mr. Maier on the stock £000. TIIIC W A X - Wo It K S, Qu K EN - ST It E E T. —T11 e re has been for some time on exhibition in Queen-street, the largest and grandest collec tion of wax figures ever seen in the colonies. Many celebrated people are there represented to the life. There are the terrible outlaws of the “ Kelly Kang,” several representations of the Prince Imperial, and especially the death scene inZaluland, Mr. Parnell, the great Land Leaguer, &c.;, &c.; This exhibition has been well patronised and is indeed well worth a visit. Professor Peitkr at the Theatre Royal.—It is seldom indeed that the people of Brisbane have an opportunity of hearing an exponent of physical science like Professor Pepper. For many years lie was a most popular and entertaining lecturer on science at the Royal Polytechnic Institution, London, lie is not a mere lecturer but a well-informed and studious scientific man. He is of an inventive turn also, and has contributed to the “ fairy tales of science,” the wonderful phenomenon known as “Pepper’s Ghost,” which many years ago was quite the rage, and is a really awe-inspiring contrivance. Professor Pepper, both as a lecturer arid a writer, is thoroughly popular and entertaining. He uses splendid apparatus, and of course bis manipulation is that of a man perfectly master of his business. None should lose this opportunity. All adults—and children— will be amused and instructed. This day (Saturday), is the last day, and, besides the evening performance, there will be a matinee at 3 o’clock. See our advertising columns. Professor Anderson at the Town Harl. — Are direct attention to the announcement made elsewhere of the wonderful perform ances of Professor Anderson at the Town Hall. This eminent professor of legerdemain is the son of the far-famed Wizard of the North, and seems in large degree to be the inheritor of his father's wonderful powers. He has been very successful in Brisbane, and the popularity of his entertainments seems to be on the increase. Besides the interest of the performance itself there is another great attraction in the Professor’s entertainments, namely his liberal distribution of valuable gifts every evening. For particulars see our advertising columns. 