( Figaro. ( ' Here, there, and everywhere." \ A correspondent, signing " Cui ( Bono," asks of Figaro the following ) questions : — \ " Was the opera o £" Oberon " pro- / duced before the late Mr. Lyster came ) to the colony ?" \ " When was it first produced 1 r Where ? and who played in it." ) Answering the question categori- \ Figaro replies, the opera of / Oberon" was not produced prior to \ the late Mr, "Xyster's anival in ' this" ( colony, It was first played in Aus- / tralia at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, \ under the sole direction- of —the' late C Mr. William Saurin Lyster on Boxing ( Night, December 26th, 1866. The \ ladies and gentlemen engaged in its C presentation were cast for the parts r as follows > Mr Henry Squires C Sir Huon do Bordeaux f Mr Fred. Lyster Sherismin ) Mr Baker Baroun Abrasehid . Mr Kitts Prince Babeltan Mr Bamsden Almanzor ) Mr Levison .. Abdullah Madame Ada King.,. .Jloshana ' Miss Georgia Hodson Fatima I Madame Lucy Escort.";........ Reiza . Mr Armes B. Beaumont.... Oberon » Miss Angus, ...Titania , Madame Rosalie Durand Miss Emma Neville Mermaid 1 Mt George Loder was the conduc- i tor, Mr John Hall, leader ; Mr W. Lloyd, stage manager ; and Messrs i John Hennings and Freyberger, scenic , artists. The prices of admission on that season was Dress Circle, 5s ; i Stalls, 3s,; Upper Circle, 2s, ; Pit, Is,; , and Gallery, 6d. J. K. Emmett, " Fritz " our Cousin 1 German, will no doubt be remembered , in the Australian Colonies, and so will Mr John Rogers, who acted as his . 1 agent on his first Australian visit. , Well, they have been to law " for, says an American Journal, " John Rogers who was Emmett's manager some years ago, brought suit against him for salary due him. The case was lately tried in New York, before Judge McAdam and a jury, when a verdict was rendered in favor of Rogers with very heavy costs against Emmett. By the way of Sydney, Figaro learns that a new opera season will commence at the Gaiety Theatre, in that city, on the evening of Saturday, April 16th next. The troupe will be known as the 11 Montague-Turner English Opera Company," and will among others, comprise Mr and Mrs Charles Turner, (Miss Annis Montague; Mr E. Farley, Miss E. A. Lambert, Miss Eva Davenport, Mr Howard Yernon, Mr C. H. Templeton, Mr James Turner, (a basso new to the i colonies) and Mons. Leon Caron has been appointed conductor. The ' initial opera of the season will, so ( Figaro hears, be Flotow's charming work "Martha," and that during the I season, Barnet's " Mountain Sylph " ) will be revived and "Mignon" and "L'Ombra" will be presented for the > first time in Australia. t ) ) The "Arethusa" Dramatic Company . concluded their season in Cristchurch, ) New Zealand, in the early part of this ) month, "the financial results of which" f says a correspondent from that city," ) were by no means satisfactory. The \ members of the company are still in r Ohristchurch and have not so far ) decided anything as to their future \ movements. It is stated on good r authority that Mrs Walter Hill and ) her daughter Miss Arethusa May pro- L pose visiting Australia, but will first, r most probably make a trip south. ) » # a r . « ) Latest advices state that Herr i Bandmann made his first appearance " at the Theatre Royal, Ohristchurch, ) on the 2nd of March, inst. as Hamlet. . Mr Walter Reynolds was the Laertes. who also took the part of First Player; ) Claudius, Mr J. F. Cathcart, who also . took the role ef Ghost ; Polonivs, Mr . ) J. H. Nunn, who also played the ) First Grave digger ; Ctemy Miss Kate f Hathaway, (Mrs Reynolds) who also took the Player Queen, Several ) others also took double parts, and v managed to get through tolerably " well." This is rather rough on the ) artists and certainly a novelty for the , New Zealand lovers of Shakespeare. t » Mr Phil Kirby seems to be again at ( the fore, as Figaro notices by his files ' that Mr Robert McWade and company j are playing "Rip Yan Winkle ' at Portland Oregon, under his manage- ( raent. / ' ' . - ) . Mr Amory Sullivan, son of the cele- . brated . tragedian Barry Sullivan, is ' now and-has been for some time past s manager of the Standard Theatre, San Fransisco. After a satisfactorily ' financial season he bad 'determined to / take the company on an interior tour, j " but as he wites to a gentleman well ( known in theatrical circles, "I have ) been compelled to give up my in- \ tended burlesque season in the coun- ( try owing to the innumerable obstacles ) I have had to encounter in the whims S of the principal ladies in the company, f One young lady for instance, who is ) blessed with a huBband who does \ nothing, wanted the management to / furnish him with a position at a large ) ' salary', and' also allow fares arid" hotel \ expenses for her child and its ancient r nurse. ' ) » s " Others " continues Mr Sullivan. \ "who were not married, stipulated for ( their mothers, maids or aunts, Sec,, and J consequently I have been compelled \ to abandon the scheme. Now all / this is,' extremely amusing when it is , j taken into consideration that the \ majority of these same ladies rarely / knew what is was to receive two con- j secutive weeks' salary until their pre- ( sent . engagement with me at the / Standard. N 