vae miTQR'$ WMM. What People May nml So On. The railway lines front Parrainaita to Dubbc and Albury have cost nearly ;,ooo,ooo. The Singer Sewing Machine Co. now manu- fact u re about ro.ooo machines a week. Large numbers of Chinese are leaving San Francisco. One steamer recently conveyed nearly 900 to Hongkong. A tkuiram from Kinmn in the S, M. IIkh ai.n 6f a public dinner there, reports Mr. Farnell to have stated that he hud not r.nme to the dis trict to make u speech, lie hail selected tho trip to Kinnift as preferable to going to Albury or Dublin. It was not his first visit to Kwnm. As far ns Parliamentary affairs were concerned he feared lie was becoming worn out. lie could not say much of the Parliament, as he had not had the o|i|miinniiv v<d to gauge the members' worth ; hut lie knew that in Dr. Tin rani Klium had sn lioiii'si m nib r. lie could say that he he had not enme down to sec the Kinmn ghost, nml lie might explain that he was satisfied to be laid „n ihe shelf, and would sit and support the present Government so long as their measures deserved that support ; peihapi until old Henry and old Jack died he would mver be afforded a chance to lake Ihe reins, As far as office was concerned, lie had a- least compelled those who followed Iriin in power to pass many _ useful measures. I le feaic.1 much that in a Govern ment honesty did not suit. He hnd voted against the lll.twarra railway, because at the time ihe measure was before the House be did not think lire district of lire south should have that which was denied 1 1 o her parts ; but now lie fell thai Illawarra should, live lire North have a railway, and lie should support both lines. Ordinary rou.ls should give place to railways, and lie. could not see why the coast (list rait should be neglected while far away places, South and West, were favoured. Ok, Sunday last, the remains of nn nhoriginn! woman were found in the bush, a few miles out of Lawrence. The body is supposed to be Unit of an old gin known ns "Mammy," who for some time past had been out of her mind, Thr inquest 011 the body of Mr. F. Morrow's aon, who was drowned in the Clarence River on Thursday week, disclosed the (net that the un fortunate little fellow had broken bis neck. It is supposed Ire slipped off tire river-bank. Much sympathy is expressed lor the herenved parents for their unexpected loss of a promising hoy. Referring to Mr. Piddinglon's recent objec tions in llu> Lonisl.rlive Council, to oassing a temporary Supply Bill, the 1 1 kuai.o remarks — Wo shall want a poet soon to write nn epic upon the war between Sir John Robertson and Mr. Piddington, unless the lapse nf years nbntcs the ardour of their spirits. T.ctit be hoped mean while that when the Vice-President of the Execu tive Council has had more experience, and gained insight into life and lire relations of things, he will perceive the puerility of tnimling an opponent or critic with the little lie has done in the matter of carrying hills through Parlia ment. II he had done less himself in that way — less to injure the host interests of the colony- less to retard the healthy progress of the com munity, to compromise its future, nnd to destroy the purity of its political atmosphere, his self-con fidence would rest on a better foundation, and be migbt have better claim to the confidence ol other people, A discovery of pearl shell is reported to have been made in the Evans River, b.tween the Clarence nnd Richmond Heads. An important conference will be held this month when the reoresentatives of the Cham bers of Commerce of all parts of the British Empire will discuss tire subject of Free-trade nnd the best means of creating uniformity of enstoms duties throughout the Queen's dominions The Chambers of Commerce in England will send 48 delegates, Canada in, India nine, and the colonies from two tn four each. The leading object of the conference will be to establish, by special regulations, Free-trade between the mother-country and the colonics, and between the colonies themselves, on the basis of the proposal which originated with Mirer Dominion of of Canada.— Sydney Telegraph. At the request of a number of gentlemen, a preliminary meeting, to consider the advisability of forming a Rowing Clttb in Grafton has been convened for Monday evening next. The Mayor has kindly consented to the Council Chamber being used on the occasion. It is to he hoped the matter will bo taking up warmly, especially by the young men of the town. , .... The population of Berlin now numbers nearly 1,300,000 souls. After mnking some alterations to the pump ing apparatus in the Grafton Brigade fire engine, some capital work was done with it. Two wells, containing it is estimated gbout 3500 gallons of water, were emptied in about twenty minutes. In a recent issue we s'atcd that Mr.' Fergussipn, M.P., had tabled his railway motion entirely 'mn his own responsibility. One of oof own contemporaries was kind enough to refer to the staterr.-nt as if doubtful of its authenticity— we presume because thnt journal did not happen to be in a position to gain the information. Our statement is wo find strictly confirmed by. .the Sydney correspondent of the Glen Inn-s Guardian who writes — " It seems that Mr. Fcrgusson has tabled the motion wholly on Jiis own responsibility. Thij was a great mistake, but it is an error common to young and inexperienced politicians. I-Iis not having secured the countenance and support of those members favorable to the work before com mitting his motion to the business paper, leaves it optional with them whether tliey vote for or against the proposal. Should the motion go to a division, I thinx you will find it will be negatived by a large majority." There were two candidates for the . office of Mayor of Casino, Aldermen Crouch and Guliey. Each candidate scori ng 3, the affair had toj be settled by " lot." Mr. Crouch's name '' -was drawn first. Champagne followed. "j Only three aldermen voted for Alderman Stocks as Mayor of Lismore. No other candi date was proposed. FooT-constable Hitchcock, lately stationed at Chatsworth Island, has been transferred to the mounted force, and has gone to Drake; Constable Kelly, of Drake, taking charge of the Chats- worth Island station. . . The Melbourne Exhibition is to be closed on the 30th April. A full brother to Richmond and Bosworth was recently purchased privately by the Hon. J. White, for rooo guineas. The Australian Jockey Club have decided lor the future to allow slbs. to geldings in a-year- old races. In the course of a recent nddrcss Archbishop Vnuglmn is reported to have said— and we be lieve it is the very essence of the opposi'ion offered to the l'ublic School Act by the Catholic clergy : — " To send Catholic children to State srlronl« would be the destroying of the Catholic religion. Or, to us thu happy expression of one of my principal coadjutors, would bo ' death to the calling of the clergy,' which is simply saying the same thing in more forcible terniB." A c011rksfonof.nt writing from Sydney to lite Northern Star (Lismoru) stales — The two memheis for tho Clarence arc wiring In, and Mr See, especially, has not done Imd, having obtained over X, 1 0,000 for Grafton and the neighbourhood in a few interviews, 'I'ruly, these are cutting times and unless a member has some push and assurance, his constituents have but little chance, in the struggle for. thu Iqnves and fishes, unless lie has some backstairs influ ence unknown to lire outer world. The Government estimate that 40,000 will Ire received this year, as duty on refined1' slqir' and molasses. . ' The Minister lor Mines holds about 13,000 shares in the Milburn Creek Copper Compauyr which was recently awarded by arbitration1 over ,£16,000. Oh, .Betsy 1- I When Mr. Mcclret, of Bnrrock-iitroU notoriety, came to the colony, he pawned his studs with the captain of a mail atennrer to pay his passa, c According to the published evi dence at the inquest, lire jury's verdict was a very proper one.- Dn. Laurence, of New York, hhs offered to mntith an 'Unknown American puller ngn'inst any man in the world, except Hnnlan, lor £400: a-sidc ; Laycock or Trlckett to be allowed' £8q for expenses, and 1 5 seconds in1 a five mile race —the race to be pulled at Washington. The Tamwortb Oiisrrver stntes that Judge Murray,- in sentencing a man for nn assault upon a female (said assault consisting of catching hold of the woman's nrm when she put it out of a window), asked " is the character o f the prosecutrix considered not above suspicion?' The Crown Prosecutor--" I undeistood your Honor, tier character was not like Mrs Cesar's I" Mr, Dillon — Kr I That's the reason he seized her, Er I" Oo I On I Oo I The I.cvuka correspondent of the Sydney Tb BiiUAt'U write i — "As nn instance of the supercilious manner in which Sir A. Gordon has trentcd the settlers of Fiji, they discovered, at an interview with Mr. Des Vtuux the other day, thai the answer to their petition to the Queen, about the removal of the capital, had been lying in the pigeon-holes at Nnsova for more than three years, and had never been communicated to them." The P.M. of Brisbane and Mr. Swanwick, a barrister, recently bad a Court tournament. The legal gentleman was ordered to leave the Court, but refined, and remained at the table, a triumphant look o'erspreuding his countenance. A manufactory in Germany is turning out som thing like rooolbs sugar per day, made from old "linen. There is a great outcry against this svKtom of lYi.ikitif sue si', and there is a possibility of the Government putting a stop to it. The Temora Herald of the 9th instant, mentions the finding of 1 3 nuggets ol gold, some of them weighing 34 ounces. A late telegram reports the Czar of Russia as being ill, consequent upon the discovery by the British lion of the secret correspondence between Russia nnd the late Ameer of Afghan istan.' No wonder — ft is so be hoped it will lead to the noble Muscovite practicing less duplicity. Within a few months the Syeney Meat Com pany expect to dispatch 500, tons- frozen meat to L.ondon. Within the space ot one year, 27 acres of land in'Fiji produced i8tons of coftee, which realiscd.over £62 per ton in Colonial markets, At this rate coffee gr- wing will pay well. At the election nf.a member for the Mitchell, Queensland, the winning candidate polled 185 votes ; and there were no less thaii 15 1 informal votes. ' " 7 ' / In reply to a deputation u-ging the necessity for the Government providing a water supply Inr Buthurst (residence of one Cabinet Minister), Mr. Lackey intimated " that action had been taken for the purpose of providing a water supply tn- three or four towns similarly situated, and including Batfiurst. Tenders had already been invited for tire construction of the necessary pumping machinery, and he hoped to have the work completed' a( an'early- date." Is Grafton included in the " three 01 four Idwns r No fear of that. ' 1 ' In consequence of the Bank of-. Nw- .South Wales refusing to give the Bathurst Council any further extension of overdraft, an indignant Alderman has tabled a motion to transfer the account to another Bank. A first and only meeting in tire insolvent estate of J. Hill, will be held at Grafton, xin the 1 6th March next. A number of Victorian capitalists are on their way to Temora to invest. The Keilawarra, steamer, recently made the trip front Sydney to Brisbane (Heads to Heads) in 32 hours. Messrs. Kerr and Lowe's contract for Callan Park Asylnm amounts to only £229,000. It will be seen from the following return that five Public School Inspectors in this colony have not yet been classified. The names, with their classifications, are as follows — John Gardiner., I.A. ; Alexander L Forbes, I.B. ; Edwin Johnson, I. A. ; John M'Credie, II. A. ; William Dwyer, II. A. ; Charles Hookins, II. A.; Walter F. Thompson, none ; James W. Allpass, II. ; David S. Hicks, I. B. ; John S. Jones, I. A. ; Gerald O'Byrne I. B. ; John Ilufier, none ; John D. Bradley, "II. A..; Timothy Dwyer, I.-B. ; John C. Maynard, I. B. ; John II. Murray, II. A. ; William M'lntyre, II. A.' ; Frederick Bridges, II. A. ; James Dawson, none ; E. Long, none ; J. L. Smith, none ; James M'Credie, II. A. ; W. II. Johnson, I. B. ; J. M'Cormack, II. A. ; L. G. Finigan, II. A. The Grafton Anglo-Israel Association met on Wednesday evening nt Mrs. F. Gray's Cam bridge Cottage, His Worship the Mayor of Grafton ( M r. T. Page) was elected President. It was decided to forward a remittance by tlio first mail for the following literature—' Lilcfrom , the Dead 1 (all volumes to 31st December, 1880, and monthly numbers up to the end of tho present year — litis serial is published in London under Royal patronage) ; The Nation's Glory Leader for 1881 ; the 'Banner of Israel' for 1881; one volume of ' Lost Israel Found;" twelve volumes of Mine's foity-SQven Identifi cations ; three pamphlets hy Colonel Gawlor — ' Nebuc'indm-Z'ir's Dream;' three pamphlets — " Dan the Pioneer;' three pamphlets—" Are we Isratliles," by the Rev, H, Webb; nnd two copies of tlm prophetic mnps for Delilah, This Association is formed lor the purpose of pro curing tho literature ol the day on this most interesting and instructive subject, which interferes with no man's creed or political opinions. Mr. PupunFOOT, contractor for the Uralln to Glen -Times railway extension is calling for tendoi's for cartage of plant, &c.;, from Grafton to Armidale. From n private telegram received on Tuesday night, we are glad to learn that Mr. Fcrgusson, M-P-j has postponed liia motion with regard to tfie C|a'rc'ncg-New England railivny' Until March next. JusT'fancy I A latc-pnper states that a young woman in Melbourne lias committed suicide because a policeman relused to marry licr. The other day, 8000 acres were advertised for snlc by auction 011 a certain run 011 the Mac- quarie. They were passed by the leasee, nnd mennwhilca speculative capitalist stepped _ in, and thok up the lot as nn after nuciion selection, paying between £8000 and £9000. Helins sold out to the lessee nl an advance of £2000. Not a bad profit for a few days' use of the money. — Dubbo Dispatch. A mn.lock weighing nenrly a ton and a-lialf, standing 7 feet 2 incheB high and 1 a feet 6 inches in length, is now being exhibited in Sydney. This monster was bred in Victoria. During the debate on the Fisheries Bill, Mr. Farnell is reported to havo said that " lie had in his pocket the oysters that had been dredged from certain oyster beds for the pant seven years." Members naturally laughed, and then Squire explained that he meant " a return of all oysters," &c.; The Record (Philadelphia) has recently ex posed a nice state of affairs with regard to medical diplomas. No less than 3000 spurious d'plomas have been sold at prices ranging from 65 to 1 10 dollars each. Mr. W. J. Hill, solicitor, formerly of Grafton, has been appointed a Commissioner of Affidavits for the colony of Queensland. There is some talk of starting a Sugar Co. on a large scale on the Manning River. An English paper states that the weekly re ceipts of the Irish Land Lcngue amount to £4000 — or £208,000 per annum ; nnd yet some people say the Irish people arc badly off. People had better be careful for the next few weeks, being the period when snakes arc found travelling about at night. Quite recently wc have heard of two being killed in bedrooms ol houses in Alice and Mury streets. The Mayor of Brisbane receives £500 this year. Another Masonic Lodge, under the New South Wales Constitution, has been opened at Granville, rear Sydney. Fifteen candidates were nominated. Now what about it ? Mr. Lackey told. a de putation the other day, th.it the Illawarra line was intended " to tap the southern (oil-lklds !" Mr. C. J. Byrnes has been elected Mayor of Parramatta for tire eighth time. The loans already authorised hut not yet negotiated by this colony, . amount to nearly £10,000,000. Ample to build both the Clar ence -New England and Illawarra railways and half-R- dozen other lines. On the 1 2th instant a lecture was delivered in the Protestant Hall at Smith's Fat, by Mrs. Glenny, the ; subject being the " Iden tity of the British Nation with the Lost -Ten Tribes of Israel." Several passages from Scripture weie read and commented upon, showing the absurdity of spiritual ising material things, and proving that the pro mises made by the prophets are all being literally fulfilled. The subject was by particular request continued on Sunday evening. The Hall was filled on each occasion. " On Thursday last Mrs. Glenny delivered a .lecture, at Ramortlie, on the " Literal reading of ' the Bible, and the. Identity of the British Nation « tit' lllw uuok jlcll a i iucsl« llil) a limiuciy nu3 in the chair ;-and the audienco expressed them selves deeply interested in the subject A vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer. The Sydney correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch is responsible for the statement, that Mr. Farnell is angling for something from the Government. The appended novel advertisement appeared in a New Zealand paper — " A comfortable home for city gentlemen, who could appreciate cheer ful, musical and select society ; and one or two ladies, who would occupy the same bedroom. Terms moderate and inclusive." The great English Derby winner Blue Gown, recently bought by an American . for £4000, died on the voyage across the Atlantic. Municipal matters have been tolerably warm in Warwick, Queei s'and. Two ex-Mayers are re ported to have had a terrific pugilistic encounter in a public street. It is stated that the show of dairy produce at the Melbourne International was not equal to what is Seen at many country- Shows. At the annual meeting of subscribers to the Goulburn Mechanics' Institute, a motion to open the reading-room on Sunday afternoons, was defeated by two votes. Sixty-six members voted. 