Town Talk* I Tee unfortunate Spsanne Godeffroy has come to grief again. Like fche famous ' Flying Dutchman,' not even tie ghost of that hapless vessel coald be allowed to rest in peace beneath tbe waves, but wae to be seen once more with her rotten timbers and creaking masts raring as badly 'mid the breakers of the Supreme Court as she did in the rolling £Uf f of the Oyster Bank. 'I'oar not, but trust in Provi dence,' would' certainly seem about the best motto for the bold firm waogei&otioii; against the insurance company was scarcely less daring than Captain fidmondson. s ui-iated voyage in tbe old floating coffin' itself. The- result was equally disastrous, and one is bonnd to say, as well-deserved; but it is not so clear that the- inenrance company equally de nerved its escape. If companies will tako notoriously doubtful risks, it-anuet be supposed they know what they are about, and ckarge accordingly. It is, after all, but a throw o£-toa dice, ^nd if tk» throw goes against them, they; should scarcely b« able to repu diate it, asd bo to- some extent profit by their own wrong. It was held, indeed, in this case tkat the underwriters had nothing to do with the nature of tie risk when taken, — that it was sufficient for them to show that it was a^bad risk, or that it was not as represented, to avoidsfiheir responsibility. ^B at vraat is tkis but to encoarage*ihat very system of reokloss risk-taking which haa; been so liberally denounced latbly en ail sides, aad^realiy to make the ia8uranc0 conapaaies, in the event of either wreck ot fire, masters of tho situation. It io not an altogether unheard of thing, in tio fierce competition of insurancs business, for an officer ; to vigourously solicit a considerable risk, which, when claimed, it as vigottrously resisis. Of course circumstances may often arise in the mean time to justify resistance to a claim. Sut we are alluding- now to oases where themature or amount of a risk is itself made evidence against its genuineneasi er, in other words, where the law- really seems to be made us9 of to protect reckless insurance companies from themselves. Th.« tendency of the insurance companies at present Beams to be 4o take risks of any kind to any amount, and to dispute all, trusting, we suppose, to what is known as the percentage of averages tc^pull them through. This may be a good gune for the eomnames, but how about the unfor tunate insured ? There ie no natural law, we suppose. that confines fires to the prosperous -and well-to-do, yet, if an unfortunate businessman, with his balance on the wrong side, happens to get burnt out, he is at once treated as a criminal, and it won't be the company's fault, probably, if ke doeB sot mnd up his business accounts as a felon. If he dosen*t insure, and .disaster-ensues, he is called a fool ; if he doeB, he is treated as a rogue. Tbe device, of eourae, is not a pleasant one for the insuring public, but it may be still less pleasant for the companies who, if they continno toimake it eo imperative, may possibly live to find themselves the only wise men, fxem their paint of view, inv&he; community. TheSkuthorpe mystery eeeine to be approaching its — either way — interesting denouement. From the tele grams published to-day, one thing is certain, that if Mr. J. K. Skathoroe is a prood hand at sayingtoo much, he is an equally good hand at Baying nothing, and that if he can find out a secret, be also knows how to koep it. He seemB to-have been as reticent to his brother as to everyone else, and his brother, who ought to know, ' doubts bis statements.' That was .rather an unbrotheriycut, ecareely meant, we should fancy, for the publication which Mr. l»a Fauc ke« given it, though, of course, if his statements are doabtfnl he has only himself to thank, and, if false, .not only his brother, bnt tie whole Skntkorpe famSy— ' hio eisters, and hia eonains, and big E-anis ' — may trsll ' feel ashamed of him. But he is coming to epeak,'it 1b to be hoped, tliis time for himself and his dis coveries, which at least looks well. We cannot believe that he would venture to Sydney just now with nothing hotter to show us than — himself. 