Sundays in London. i. DKAN STANLEY AT WESTMINSTER ABBEY. If excuse or apology were necessary for selecting the Dean of Westminster as the first subject of these sketches, it might easily be advanced, and multiplied. For ex ample, it might be urged that a more noble church than Westminster Abbey does not exist; that the Sean's Own Caaracter, perauiuu, euumsiMBtiuai, aim literary, us full justiQcation; nay, even that the man who has twice refused a bishopric is, by that token alone, worthy of some admiration. I make my way to Westminster Abbey on this sunshiny May Sunday because, in the long list of 'preachers for to-morrow,' which the Saturday evening papers now-a-days regularly publish for the guidance of the church-going public, I find no other name more attractive. Had the eminent Wes leyan pulpit, or perhaps I should say platform, orator, W. Morley Punshon, been in the catalogue, to his chapel I should have gone. But his days of preaching and lecturing are over, for, dm ing the week, his some what unexpected death has filled hie many admirers with sorrow, in that a bright light which they wore wont to contemplate has gone out. The pulpit orator of the age far excellence, C. H. Spurgeon, the Baptist pastor of the mammoth tabernacle over the water, is somewhere in South Europe, out of the way of the cruel east wind which, week after week, has been punishing Englishmen, else I should have gone to Newington Butts. So, walking through Seven Dials, where the dirty habitants of the surrounding courts and alleys have swarmed out to bask a little at the street corners, or crowd round the shops of the dog fanciers and bird sellers, who still possess the dingy thorough fare from the parish church upwards, I cross Trafalgar square, and muse as I proceed down Parliament-street upon the contrast between the squalor and vice of the unsavoury quarters I have just left and the congrega tion of well-dressed persons thronging to the great cathedral of which Dean Stanley is, to all intents and purposes, absolute ruler. Nor can I help again re calling, as a point in his favour, that the preacher of to-day has deliberately preferred the deanery of such an edifice (with which no bishop can interfere) and its two thousand a year, to the higher rank and higher pay of an English prelacy. The announcement of the Dean as preacher is always sufficient to ' fill the Abbey ' — a common expression to signify a largo congregation, but which must actually be taken to apply only to that small portion of the building devoted to public worship. At this time of the year, when the May meetings are in full force, the congregations of London are largely composed of people from the country ; others come to London for the boat-race, others for the Derby week, making it the one holiday of the year ; but these, clergymen of all denominations, with their wives and families, visit the metropolis and enjoy a well-earned change during the May meetings. This is why to-day there is a group around the narrow and shabby north entrance to the Abbey. We wait our turn to shuffle with the rest into the sombre transept, and find that the congregation have just risen to honour the opening sentence, the echo of which, in voice made thin and small by distance, sounds more like a solemn wail than a manly assurance that if the wicked man turns from his wickedness he shall save his soul alive. The rustle of the crowd in the transept distracts attention, even if we were near enough to hear the words of the officiating clergyman. To find your wayward thoughts winging hither and thither during the performance of such a service as this overwhelms you for a time with a sense of guilt, but it is, I hope, a pardonable offence. Besides, cloak it as we may, we do not attend grand cathedral services for the sole purpose of worship. The music, the architec tural surroundings, the eminent men who fill the pulpits — these enter into the attractions which draw ub thither. What can one do? The seats have been filled long before the hour at which the service com mences ; and, while the general confession is being in toned, those of us who have not provided against a ' rush ' are wedged together in the transept, to drift slowly along, while tho services are heard faintly pro ceeding afar. At every half-dozen steps the crowd pauses, while a few persons who are at the head of the close column near the pulpit are being drafted off by the vergers to occupy the seats, which are not at liberty until then. Rising and falling, you can hear the roll of the organ, and the chanting of the boys and men, or, perchance, the phantom of the voice of the clergyman. What, under these circumstances, so natural as to glance at the time-tinted statuary, opposite which the frequent halts are made. From the northern door to the south end of the transept is a distance of 203 feet, and in accomplishing such portions of that journey as may chance, tho objects of interest confronting you are many. The very Bhadows that lurk a hundred feet overhead under the delicately groined roof send you back into antiquity — to the time when the wild ox and red deer hid in the Isle of Thorns. Dean Stanley dis credits the tradition which plants a Temple of Apollo on the cathedral site, but we may begin with certainty with the Confessor King and the foundation of the Abbey anno Domini 105C. Swift before the eye of fancy flit the coronations of kings, from Norman William to Hanoverian Victoria ; come the consecra tions of bishops and reigns of abbots ; come trials, ex communications, Te Deuuis, marriages, burials, — all belonging to history and to the romance of it, Not for long can we thus ponder, for in our slow march along the transept wo have passed near the marble monument of Lord Mansfield, and memory flies to other themes. This ifl the last home of statesmen mostly— Pitt, Oastlereagh, Fox, Grattan, the two Cannings, and Palmerston the last statesman who received a public funeral in the Abbey. But the monuments of Mansfield and Sir W. Follet, behind, perpetuate the achievement of legal greatness, and they are the sole representatives in the whole Abbey of the profession of the law. And after all, it is my lot to stand for the remainder of the service, in company of perhaps 200 companions in the transept. By this time I am, however, nearly at the head of the column, under the pulpit, and com manding a view of the choir, of the dignitaries in their Btalls, and the fine congregation upon whom the after noon shadows, prematurely gathering in the gloomy recesses, fall in dim fitfulness. Through the great painted south window gleam rainbow hues finely tempered, and with them the organ music softly har monises. Let me confess that I never can bring myself to care for what are known as choral services especially of the modern class. The ha6te with which the choristers rattle through canticle, psalm, gloria, anthem, and hymn suggests an air and spirit of sharp business. Sooner or later, I am afraid some of your leaders will deplore a good deal of heathenism in the writer of these sketches, and my horror and hatred of this slap-bang rendering of prayer and praise may be taken as a sample. But that it is rather performance than worship let the demeanour of the congregation attest. Not a score of persons of them all attempt to take part in the service ; if they did they would be stared at, and certainly come in a long way behind the professional steeplechasers who run so merry a choral race in their white surplices yonder. I know the music is tech nically good, tho composers are famous, and some of the eminent singers of the country are members of the choir. But to me, in my particular position to-day, even as a musical display, it is not satisfactory. It does not fill the place. It is, in a word, the ghost of con gregational singing flitting along aisles, monk's walks, and many-arched roof, to be lost amongst the tombs. At last the final burst of the anthem rises, and the Dean, escorted by his verger, passes from his stall up the aisle and mounts to the pulpit — not the venerable structure from which Cranmer preached, nor the heavier carved affair of black oak from which Baxter, Owen, Williams, South, and Barrow thundered — but the elegant marble pulpit given in 1859 to commemorate the beginning of the long series of special services carried on with so much success by our preacher of to day. Dean Stanley looks very old. It is five years and more since I saw him, and in the interval he has aged with more than ordinary rapidity. He is but 66 years of age, yet is more wintry in appearance than many a man ten years in advance of him on the great journey. Always in stature and frame much under the average measurement, he now, grey, withered, and stooping, seems quite frail, as if a puff of wind would waft him away. The voice, too, has lost its fibre. Though never strong or resonant, it used to be firm and melodious ; it is now made husky by increasing infirmities. A great hush comes over the congregation as he gives out the text. There is something in the small figure, crowned with the black skull cap, and the classic feature, sashy, yet placid with the content of a well-spent life, that 1 fancy awes his hearers, and adds solemnity to the opening words. Bending over the cushion and smoothing out his rumpled MS., le, as if casually, remarks that he preached the same sermon from the same pulpit ten ycara ago, and would like to preach it ' once more.' I believe the thought crosses the minds of any who are thinking about the matter at all, not excluding the venerable Dean himself, that 'once more ' might probable be prophetic. The sermon is not brilliant, in the general acceptation of the term ; it is not adorned with flowers of rhetoric, or illumined by glows of oratory; but it is, in its simple goodness and fatherly persuasiveness, better rhetoric and effective than oratory. It is a sermon that might, doctrinally, have been preached to any deno mination. Yet it is in a way distinctive; such a sermon as you migni reasonably expect from the man who wrote the ' Life of Arnold of Rugby,' and who in vited Colenso, at a time when Colenso offended the nostrils of all orthodox Churchmen, to preach in Westminster Abbey. S t a n 1 ey's broad Christianity was always higher than his churchmanship. For this he is reviled and hated by advanced Anglicans. But the characteristics revealed five-and- thirty years ago in his ' Sermons and Essays on the Apostolic Ages,' have been adhered to throughout, and in a brief address like that of to-day they are still reflected — generous breadth of view, ingenious application of things new and old, and a warm human sympathy with all sorts and conditions of men. Preeminently the Dean loves to be all things to all men, as every teacher of his class should be. I have heard him on Innocents' Day preach to a special congregation of children, and right well am I convinced that the little ones heard him gladly, and remembered what he said. I have heard him before an assemblage of scien tific men, of litorary men, of artists, adapting hia dis course to them with marvellous effect. Can any of us, for instance, who listened to those memorable funeral sermons upon Kingsley, Dickens, and Livingstone for get how natural was the key-note struck, and how sus tained the harmony that followed it ? In the Kings ley sermon I well remember how he argued that his recently buried friend was what he was, not by virtue of his office, but by virtue of what God had made him in himself— that he, par son to the backbone as he was, fished with the fisherman, hunted with the huntsman, held his own in tent and camp with courtier and with soldier, setting forth the example that a genial com panion might be not only a Christian gentleman, but a Christian clergyman. Dean Stanley does not fish, nor hunt, nor smoke abundant pipes, as did the author of 'Westward Ho,' but in his own quiet studious sphere, he just as strongly believes in putting the man above the office. The text to-day is the historical last words of the founder of Christianity,—' Into Thy hands I commend my Spirit.' The sermon does not breathe a breath of doctrine, but we have interspersed with New Testa ment warp and weft, references to Polycarp, Augustine, Bernard, Columbus (who in his dying moments re peated tho same words), Zavier, Melancthon, Luther, Bousset, and glimpses of that modern progress and method which illustrate the onward tramp of science. We have in a brief sermon of not more than twenty minutes the glories of the world of to- day brought by graphic touches before us, and are sent away with the lesson that if in the triumph of intellect and the flush of prosperity we can simply finish our course with the humble petition used in His extremity by a Greater than we, we shall have lived, and laboured, and learned not in vain. For a man who has written and published so much, who is a scholar amongst scholars, it is in truth a very simple discourse, but singularly impressive. The congre gation is mostly composed of strangers. Doubtless it includes believers and unbelievers of every grade, but0 so long as the preacher preaches, not a sound but his voice is heard. The Dean wears the 6carlet collar and gold pendant of the order given him by the Queen. It reminds me of the charge often brought against him that he is a courtier — of that other charge, that he is a popularity hunter. I know not, nor care, how far these charges are founded on fact It is well known that the Queen ever admired the man, and that Lady Augusta Stanley, the wife whose loss has so rapidly brought the signs of age upon him — was one of the favouiite ladies of the royal household. It may be that her Majesty has sought the Dean, and not the Dean her Majesty. In which case the charge does not stand. It must be re membered, moreover, that the charges are brought by men who pretend to see in the Dean's latitudinarianism the plague-spots of what they call heresy. In their minds the Church dignitary who attends Noncon formists' college festivals, who allows Max Muller to lecture in the Abbey, who goes down to Bedford and delivers a Bpeech at the unveiling of John Bunyan's statue, is a dangerous traitor to their institution. Hence, while Arthur Penhryn Stanley is a hero to Low Church and Broad, and to those vast denominations that manage to get saved outside the pale of an] Established Church, he is a rock of offence to ultra-Churchmen. And he is dauntless amidst all. In convocation he Bets poor old Archdeacon Dennison's hair on end, and is sometimes to the traditions he in herited from his father, and the Arnold school, standing alone faithful amongst the faithless. And he has been consistent in his efforts to popularise the services of the Abbey. Out of this comes that second accusation of popularity hunting. His book on Westminster Abbey (like the kindred work on Canter burv) shows what love and veneration he nourishes for the' ancient edifice, whose every 6tone he has studied ; and it is evidently this feeling which prompts him to fill it with memorials of the illustrious dead. At the conclusion of to-day's service, the greater part of the congregation distribute about the Abbey to read the in scriptions telling of the resting- place of famous men who have passed away within our own remembrance. In the case of the Prince Imperial, it is not to be denied that the Dean made the mistake of running counter to the general wishes of the public; but it is scarcely a secret that, in that business, Court pressure of a heavy character was brought to bear upon him. The best of men are liable to err, and this was an error. At the time of Carlyle's death, it was stated, and repeated by unfriendly tongues with much glee, that the Chelsea philosopher on his dying bed he growled, 'For Heaven's sake, save me from that body enatcher, Dean Stanley.' It. is not probable that there would be a very large amount of sympathy between the two men, and the story on tho face of it is characteris tic. But I am assured, on what should be good authority, that it is one of those am using fictions invented to raise a passing laugh, and circulated until it acquires the stamp of respectable veracity. Not that it matters. Dean Stan ley, I believe, having recognised his course of action to his con soience, would be little moved by the sneers and attacks of men from whom in the very nature of things he could not expect sympathy. And, as a Christian unattached, I, like thousands of others, would not ob» ject if we had a few more body-snatchers of the same description. BETA. DEAN STANLEY. 