A GHOST AT NOONDAY. (From the Pall Mail Gazette.) ..j We have received the following extraordinary narrative from' aT correspondent for whose good faitli anil ^professional acutbbess of observation we can vouch. He substantiates J his story with fall details of dates, names, and places, which,' however; for the sake of ' the survivors, lie dbeB . not wish to be' pub lished. Without any further prcface, we lay 1m letter :before our readers :— - ' .As my wife and! were sitting at breakfast ', with A guest whom I wiU'eallMr. A.— then on . a ^BitVfor, the first' time., to purihouse, and neighbbrho.od-^ur,maid-B(3rvantpa6sqd out^of -tlie' room on hier .'way to thejatehen'.', As. ahp cldsed the.dbbrjilr. A.' startled me by saying ' I saw a spirit pf amanfollowing that woman, wfipr as 'Tib passed^said, dis-- ' tinetly in juiy. hearing,, ' $od judgeth not as man judgeth. , I was inhopent ,6f .the mur der . for whidli lliaye been hanged. I was there, but did not strike the blow.''. ' What is it like ? ' I asked.. He replied.by describing a young Irishman whom ; I recognised at 'once as the husband of my' domestic, who a year or two before had' been executed on a. chargo of murder. Mr. A., a complete stranger jto the locality,: . had only met me for the first time' two. days before, apd he was totally .ignorant of the \- crime in which my . servant was, so deeply interested. Tor obvious reasons the subject, was never alluded, to in our' ..household,' -where' the .widow was-'regarded with feelings of sympathy, which led us to avoid as much' as possible all reference to her husband's fate, I had previously good reason to doubt whether the evidence against him justified liis exeoution. He had died protesting his innocence. His wife and friends were firmly convinced that although he had been in the fight, it was not by his hand the fatal blow had been dealt. In addition to this, I had good reason to believe that the real murderer was still at large. * You can easily imagine my astonishment when Mr. A. thus suddenly ventured upon for bidden ground, and abruptly deolared that the spirit oi a man who had suffered the capital penalty, and whose personal ap pearance exactly coincided with that of the unfortunate Irishman, was actually follow ing the servant about the house proclaiming his innocenoe in accents which, although , inaudible to me, my guest declared, were perfectly audible to him. I had heard Jthat Mr.' A. had been a 'seer,' but I was not a little startled at. this striking illustration of liis peculiar faculty. I remarked that it was. very strange, and informed him that the woman whom he had just seen for the first time with her ghostly companion was really the widow of an executed felon. . Some time afterwards he exclaimed': ' There he is again, repeating the same' words 1 ' Intensely interested by -this sud den and apparently supernatural confir mation of my suspicions, I determined to put the seership of my guest to what I regarded as a crucial teBt. I told Mr. A. that I was going into the town, and as I Should be passing the spot where the mur ?der was committed perhaps his ghostly yisitantmight indicate, the place where the dead man lay. When we left the house Mr. A. remarked, ' there he is, following us,' alluding to the 'spirit.' - When we had 'prooeeded part of the way: along the ' ' road, which was quite .unknown to my friend, I made a detour to make a business pall and went along another street, Mr. A. following me. . Just as, without a word on . ; my part, we were turning out of the main road,- Mr. A. said, ' the spirit is standing at the corner. He says /we -are not going . the right way to the place where tho mur der was committed, and which he has pro mised to point out to me.' . ' 0, we shall come out in the main road again byand by before we reach the spot.' We proceeded on [about a quarter of a mile, and having done my business and struck the main road again — which differed, I may remark, from . none of the other roads we had traversed; — Mr. A. soon after declared, ' there is that man just on there, waiting for us.' ? A.s we -continued .our walk, I purposely refrained from uttering a word, or even from thinking, as far as I could, about the murder, so as to prevent any possibility of my companion obtaining any clue. As we were passing through one of the lowest parts of the town Mr. A. sud denly exclaimed, ' he tells me that it was here the murder was committed. It was just there (pointing to the place in the road where the murdered man fell). I see the hubbub and confusion rise up before me as a picture, with the people round. He, how ever, again tells me that he did not strike the fatal blow. He does, not excuBe. him self from being morally guilty as being mixed up with those who accomplished the death of the man, but strongly maintains that he is not the,murderer.' I will only .add in relation to the last incident that Mr. A: described the exact spot where the murder was committed, and the circum stances in connection therewith. How can jou account for that? . . Mr. A. had. never been in the town before ; he had never . liyfcd within a. copple,of hundred miles .pf.it j lie did not know till a Say or two before he arrived that he would ever visit it ; he could not by any possibility have known that the poor woman in my employ was the widow of a man who was hanged. He had no conceivable interest in deceiving me nor was he concerned to) prosecute the , matter any further. I have in vain at . tempted to account for his story, nor can I on- any of the popular hypotheses explain to my own satisfaction how lie saw that ghost at noonday. That he . did. see it lie assured me, much to my surprise, when no one expected any such revelation ; . and, .whatever he saw, it certainly led him to the .exact place where the murder was com mitted. ; In .the days when female characters were impersonated by male actors, OharleB II, ? visiting the theatre, complained to Dave ''?aantl'of'the -delay' in drawing up the curtain. ' ''Sire,'- replied the manager, 'the play .will-beginassoon as the queen is shaved.' Timoleon oomes home with a hat that . . ( sinks down to his hose. His wife is horri 'fied. 'But that thing don't fit'you at all, -my- dear.' 'I know it don't, and I told the hatter so. But he showed me his gold ' medal, and what could I do ?' ' You are writing my bill on very rough paper,' said a client to his attorney. 'Never mind,' replied the attorney; 'it -has to be filed before it oomes into court.' 