& ule oij %vt\b. Clje JBreamer. Within the Austral Christmas-tide, Whenas his very heart of heat The sun poured down, from skies above, Upon this South Land of his love, And low warm winds with languid feet Went faintly up and down and died ; There was a dreamer, dreamy-eyed, Who sate beside the sea and read That book of song so passing sweet The Poet of the Bed Rose writ; So all men marvel reading it That song can live and Chaucer dead. And even as he paused and sighed — For all the perished goodlihead Of those green years of eld, deepsleep Fell on him, and so, dreaming -wise, He saw the ghosts of days arise That long ago were drowned deep — Deep down in Lethean waters dead. Of old- time tales by dead scalds sung and said, Thus was his strange dream formed and fashioned. Cfje 30 ream. A king sate on a throne of wrought red gold, In a great room whose four fair walls were hung With rarest hangings, drooping fold on fold From roof to rush-strewn floor, where shields were flung In shining heaps, with helmets raven-winged, And spears which many a king's head had unkinged. A fierce fire blazed on the broad hearth, and threw Long lines of fitful flame on shield and sword ; And lit up now a maiden's eyes of blue, And now the wild eyes of a warrior lord. The wind without moaned like a soul astray In the gray dusk of that December day. The King Speaketh. The King upraised the bowl to bearded mouth, But, stopping suddenly, cried — ' Lords, this wine Is like to blood of men we slew in south Sun-lands when our sharp prows cut through the brine Last Meadmonth. Take away the wassail bowl And hear the thought that works within my soul ! ' Fair lords, I am aweary of the wars, Aweary of this heaping up of slain And spilth of blood for Odin's sake and Thor's. The gods have both the glory and the gain ; Their temples gleam with gifts of gold our hands Wrung from the feeble folk of far-off lands — c While we, war-worn and gaunt, come home to yearn Forever for the foam of the salt sea ; And our own little land and homesteads spurn At thought of the strange palaces that be Beyond them. I am old and battle-scarred And serve no more the gods of Asagard.' Ere ever the King's words were fairly sped, A voice cried from the dusk ' the gods art dead.' And o'er the threshold of the garth there stepped A wonderful white maid, whose tresses swept In golden glory to her girdlestead. And as through rings of mail-clad men she passed, Great fear fell on them, and each eye shamefast Looked down, well knowing that the end had come Of all the blood-stained days of Pagandom. Then spake she with meek glances throneward cast. The Maiden Speaketh. Of Christ the crucified I bring The tidings unto thee. O King ! Well spake the voice the gods are dead' — Who never lived but in the head Of scald, whose songs set them on high To thunder from the upper sky ! There is no god but One, whose Son Was born for your redemption This day in distant Galilee Gray years agone. Before Him flee Unrest and Hate, as at the gleam Of dawn departs a wild wandream. His face is fairer than the snows, His wounds are redder than the rose. He cometh over fell and fosse, Bearing the burden of a Cross, Whereon sits the White Bird of Love, No raven — but a meek-eyed dove. And hearing of thy sorrowing And heavy-heartedness, O King, I came through wastes where winds are dumb To tell thee of His hithercome ! So let this day, His birthday, be A day of joy for thine and thee ; And deck the hall with holly, then, In sign of what He did for men. Its thorns are for His thorn-crown's rim ; Its berries for the blood of Him. Let mistletoe be hung above For that Pie gave the kiss of love To friend and foe alike, and fir For palm of victory, be there ; And let the youths and maidens sing A carol unto Christ, O King ! The music of her voice died out, and lo, She vanished as a snowflake in the snow ! Whereat the king looked slowly up and said ' The old gods are well done with, being dead. Their hands were bloody, and the ways they trod Were dark and deathful ; but this fair new god Is white of hands and pure and pitying, And will not from our woes a worship wring As did the old gods : so maids sing this tide And, lords, drink deep to Christ the Crucified.' Out on the floor at the king's words stood forth Three gray-eyed singing-maidens of the North, Who sang this carol of the Blessed Birth, And how God's Son came down to dwell on earth. ®tye Carol. Born in a little stead Was the Lord Christ, When the red leaves fell dead In the fiords iced. Stars sang and moon of Him, Scalds sing a rune of Him ! Wise men from far-off lands Came there, and bare Frankincense in their hands, Red gold and myrrh. Kings kissed the shoon of Him, . Scalds sing a rune of Him ! Thus was He born, and thus Lowly lived He ; Dying for sins of us On the cross- tree : Bitter the noon of Him, Scalds sing a rune of Him ! He who this song of Him Remembereth, Need not fear in the dim Day after death. Blessed the boon of Him, Scalds sing a rune of Him ! The carol ceased : the hush so deep That upon all men sate like sleep With bitter words was broken through By a grim-bearded Berserk, who ' Knew nought of this new god, the king Would give his lords for womaning Of all the warmen. ' ' Strike,' he said, ' The battle-song of Thor instead, That led us over fields of war In days gone by. Sing, scald, of Thor !' The gray-head scald struck the harp-strings To sing the song of the sea-kings ; But as he touched each wild war-key, The strings cried out in agony, as it tney Knew no song couia bring Help to the old faiths tottering. Then thrice he tried the song to raise Of Odin and the olden days ; But ever as the harp-strings rung The sword-song died upon his tongue. And softly as the falling snow This song from his pale lips did flow. Continued. STfje State's Song. Odm and Thor are dead : All the old gods are dead, Wrapped in their winding- sheets, Buried in drearihead. No more of Asagard Shall sing the battle-bard : No more of Niffelheim. Our times are evil-starred. Seeing this White Christ bears Peace to his worshippers, And that our songs are set But to old battle-airs. Dead though the war-gods be, While man is man his knee Shall to the gold-god bend I Down everlastingly. The Dreamer waketh. The song of ancient times, and folk, Still spake whenas the dreamer woke, On new times, and a new world, where Snows fall not nor doth old-world care Kill strong men in their prime ; but light Of bluer skies makes morning bright With promise of fair life and long, And restful death at evensong. The dream was over, the day done, And slowly set the wine-red sun. 