^-'?^r^S^S^fM^^ ^fiw»iraE#iit M ' This old box that holds th* treaaures - 1 have found, where once I hid it, . lii thecarretou&uita;&d; low. - ? Then my eyes were brighter, dearer, ' ', Not a furrow -ra my brow, On my hair the sunshine glittered, Where the auuwah&ve; fallen now. Well— I'll lift ;the lid, recalling Dreams, how foolish, yet lion- fair ! A!i, there lies my ring, the token Of love's glory and despair. Like a tide flows back upon mo All the pain of that sad day, When I hid its golden glimmer, With my lore and trust away. How could jealous pride and anger Close my heart against its own ? Shut out from my heart the sunshine, Leaving me to walk alone I Where is he to-day — my sweetheart ? All, I have not wept for years ; Now the ring brings back the heart-break, With a rush of tender tears. Tea, the ghosts of dead white roses Hustle in this paper's fold ; Once again blue oyes and bonny, Smile upon me as of old ; While he gathers creamy roses, In a cluster sweet fur me, Saying, ' You will not forget me, When I sail the purple sea ?' Dust and ashes are the roses, Dead sea apples, hope and love, Naught but death to he believed in — None to trust but God above. Long ago the sweet light vanished Jfroro the blue eyes far from nte : No, poor lad, I'll not forget you, Sleeping 'neath the purple sea. From this folded silver paper Falls a tress of sunny brown ? I behold myself a maiden. Blushing, shy, with eyes cast down, While my boyish, darl{-eyed lover Vows to live for me alone, Brings as tokenB of affection — Apples green— and pears half -grown. 'Twas our first romance — we parted — Bitter were the tears we shed, Long and weary seemed the waiting, For the time that we might wed. Well, he has a wife and children, Stout he's grown — and fond of wine, Bald the head whereon this ringlet With its fellows used to shine. Here are letters that I cherished, From the friends of other days ; Some are gone, I know not whither, Down life's dim and changing ways. Scattered like the leaves of autumn, Drifting, drifting far apart, Some are dust beneath the daisies, Some grown proud and cold of heart. Shall I farther look ? No, never ! Peace of years lias been in vain ; Memories, like ghosts up-starting, Walk, and wring their hands in paiu. Gentle eyes gaze out upon me, Tearful, as I saw them last, Voices call, and white hands beckon, From the shadows of the Past. Why should wild regrets and passions Of my girlhood's folded page Come to thrill me with their whispers, In lny lonely, sad old age ? I am eroping through life's twilight Tow'rd the bright ' land of the leal.' Bitter earth has not a sorrow That- sweet heaven cannot heal. 