MAV.TIYnCC FOR Money. The Shw Yokk Times says :— There is a notion current that men very often marry fur money, but, in fact, such marriages are rare, at all events, among English speaking people. I'y a man's marrying for money we mean his marriage with a woman, who is unat tractive to him except in ipoint of for tune.1 Dr. 'Johnson pointed out that where such marriages occur the man looks only at the fortune and keeps steadily out of view attendant draw hacks. Must men are endowed with too much sense to contract marriage under sucli conditions ; they know too well that the play will not be worth the caudle. Rich men and rich women ordinarily, view matrimony very differently. A rich man having found the woman who suits him, rarely troubles himself much as to whether she heartily reciprocates the affection ho entertains for her. ,It is enough for hint that he loves her. With the woman it is quite otherwise. She is continually raising the question whether he really loves her for herself, and thus, if she really cares for: him, giving herself a vast deal of unnecessary trouble. Some years ago an American lady of large for tune married a Frenchman. Of course her friends averred, heedless of the very bad compliment that tbey were paying her, that he married her for her money ; but ouo was sensible enough to say " Well, T think she is very riglit to marry him if she likes him. In that case he gets what he wants—the money—she gets what she wants—the man." The marriage has turned out most happily. Rich women continually mar their hap piness in life by this morbid dread of being married for their money. Tliey go on year after year thinking that the para gon will appear who is all their fancy painted, ami who is to take them for themselves, until at length a period ar rives when their personal attractions wane and they can only he married for their money. Then some of theui, re gretting lost chances, give themselves away after the fashion of Lady Rurdett Coutts. A Mrs. Hazzard, of Monticello, 111., gave birth to five babies on Saturday. They are all ialive and we)J. Torpedo Balloons.—A scientific gentle man warns the country and the govern ment of a new and terrible engine of war that may possibly come into use, and 1 against which Ken- York would be utterly J defenceless. A vessel lying nut of range ! of any of our forts could take advantage ' of favouring breezes to set adrift, without aeronauts, small balloons, each carrying fifty-pounds of uitro-glycerine, the ex plosive to be dropped by a well-known and cheap mechanical contrivance at such times as may be determined upon after the distance and velocity of the wind have been estimated. It will be readily seen that a vessel barely in sight of land, and after only the rudest calculations, could not send out any such fiendish mis siles without doing great damage to life ! and property somewhere within the great area covered by New York, Brooklyn, and Jersey City. It is poor comfort to think that other large cities of the world are 1 equally exposed to such terrors, and that even London and Paris are not f«r enough j from riie seaboard to escape harm. 'I..-, general agreement between the civilis. powers, snch as was made regarding .0. plosive bullets, should promptly hip f. ■ danger in the bud.—New Yokk HEiii'"j ^^ There Was a clearing out of the l laws in the Newcastle region in Kentucky three years ago. Six of the offenders ] were hanged by lynchers, but Jack Sim- j mons, the worst of the gang, escaped | from his pursuers in the mountains, and j was not afterwards seen. It was sup-J posed that he had made his nay out of j the state. The opening of a cave was re- j cently discovered, and within was the j skeleton <>; Slmuious , ; lie lay on a t>eH ot ; straw, where he is presumed to have died 1 of a wound received during his Bight with the mob, and by his side was a tin box of booty. - Tim _ Telejj>hpjae.=wrhe Cincinnati Di rectors oF the People's Telephone Com pany have just learned that their elec- ! trician has succeeded in solving a most \ difficult question. By a new invention a circuit automatic repeating system for the transmission of messages to biny dis taiicelias been provided. By its means, as ascertained by experiments carried on in j New York and Philadelphia, the vibra tions of the articulate human voice can be conveyed ifrbm New, York to San Fraii cisco with the, same ease with which they are now conveyed from one part of Cin cinnati to another. The proper means have been taken to secure the legitimate results of this new attempt to Annihilate distance, and for practical purposes tp outstrip tbejelegraph- —"" ScareiTto Death.—Last week the chil dren at public school No. 3, -near Carsin's Hun, proposed: to play ghost, and selected Anuie Sicable, a little girl, about 11 years of age, as their victim. They accordingly organised, and without the knowledge of Annie, posted one of their number in the pines enveloped in a sheet. To this place I they led the unsuspecting little girl, and at a given signal the sheeted figure made 1 its appearance. The children who were j in the plot ran and halloed " ghost!" and I withtliem ran little Annie, believing she had seen a real ghost. She reached the J school-room door and fell insensible, li j terally frightened to death. She was r taken to her father's house, near by, and I died the same day. While a little girl in Norwich, Conn., 5 was combing her hair the other day with j a celluloid baud comb, near an open gas j jet, she accidentally brought her head | too near the flame, and the comb took fire. The frightened girl had presence rof mind enough to throw -it from her head, and escaped with her hair consider-' j ably winged.'''' The1 'comb '.burned 'On ' the 'floor until it Was entirely consumed, 1A benevolent Yankee spinster who went as a missionary to Now Zealand, prepared i her,programme of what slie meant to do. Among other things'she wrote : "I wilt teach these poor people to avoid tabacco and whisky, to spend no money on theatres, to sliuu French novels as they would shun poison, to give neither balls I nor parties, and to keep out of politics." | She is believed to be having an easy time in carrying out this programme. Haunted by His Victim.—John Wil liams, the coloured man who is confined in the Mount Holly (N.J.) gaol 011 a charge of having killed Charles Boss, can not sleep at night, because, lie says, he is haunted by visions of Boss, who comes to his bed, and stands there menacing him and gritting his teeth. The prisoners shrieks frighten the other prisoners, and 110 one can soothe him except Sheriff Conover. For Christmas decorations this year the citizens of Philadelphia used 15,000 trees, I 500,000 yarns of laurel and other wreaths, (and 1000 barrels of 111033, costing in the aggregate about 54,000 dollars, to say no thing of vast stores of holly and flowers. . The trees came principally from Maine, and the lauyel and moss from the swamps of New Jersey, j Crazed by Neuralgia.—Miss Jennie ; Bhoton, an estimable young lady, living : in Boor Valley, Lee county, who is sub j ject, to violent attacks of neuralgia, met j with a terrible experience a short time j-since. On her way to a field near the ! house at evening she was seized with a 1 sudden attack of neuralgia, and, driven I almost crazy, took the wrong path, and j Wandered through the Gelds and woods 111 ! an aimless way until night cauic 011. In [ her madness she ascended the Cumber I laud Mountain, and when her cries were j heard she was found on the summit half j frozen and unable to move. In her half j delirious condition she had imagined she could travel better barefoot, and tak ing off her shoes and stockings, had wan dered on the rough mountain side for three hours, and her feet and legs were fearfully lacerated by the stones and the briars. filie was earned back to her home, and is still in a very dangerous coti > ditiou. | Divorced Without Knowing It.—A te I legram from Chicago, December 9, says : i A curious case of a husband and wife j being parties to a divorce suit without i their knowledge came to light here to 1 night, involving persons of some promin j ence. The husband is John F. B.irrill, a | prominent Mason, who now is, and for 1 the last ten years has been, Grand Secre j tary of the Grand Lodge of Masons of 11 Kliiiois. Airs. Burrill, who returned from 1 the East to-day, hrouglit with her papers I showing that iier husband had instituted j proceedings for a divorce in September I last, upon which a divorce was granted I on her default 111 November. She ei I hibited the documents to Mayor Harrison | and other wfell-kuown Masons. Sir. Bur t rill was in Springfield, and when the mat ] ter was brought to his notice be denied j having ever instituted any proceedings for a divorce, and said he did not know any thing about it. He immediately took the train for Chicago to investigate the matter. Lihhy prison has 'been sold at auction for f>725 dollars. The auctioneer poeti cally Suggested that such was the value of the historical associations of the building, that if it were pulled down the bricks could fee easily sold at the North for one dollar apiece, and as there were 240,000 bricks, the building would bring 240,000 dollars. That wondei^ •evening last was Vjpmet 011 Thursd Cobycrs, and camoS^istinctly 8een panic there. AccordingSto creatine a just as the sun had set a "sJVjctK, bling, sounding like distant thtt*^ r' heard. The noise lasted for about seconds, during which time the vi elements seemed to tremble, the atmosN jiliere became hot, the most fearful noise rolled from horizon to horizon, houses trembled, and the terrified inhabitants started in blear-eyed wonder. When the thundering ceased, a blue streak, about sis inches diameter, running a little West of South, could be seen nearly directly . overhead, which gave the very heavens 1 the appearance of being rent in twain, . hut it at once began to increase in size, j forming irregular, zigzag shapes, and dis appeared as smoke. The WtiiKty says; *' Whatever it whs, it was strange, won derful, and alarming, and came close euough to our place (it could not have ^been more than 300 yards high) to make ■usfeel very unpleasant," ' Hardships of an Irish Colony.—The' St. Paul I'lONr.Ei; Pi:i.>s publishes an ac count of the hardships endured by Bis hop Ireland's colony of Irish people, near Granville, Big Stone coniity, Minn. 'Jo families are reported to be destitute, and suffering from cold and hunger. They have uothiug but hay for beds, aud are without clothing aud shoes. Many of them have frozen faces, hands, feet and legs. Wonders will never cease is again illus ' trated by the fact, that fire pZo.'f houses ; can -now be built out of cotton aiid straw. In the first. instance, the .cotton used is the refuse of plantations and factories. It is converted into a paste, which gets to be as hard as stone, and is called architec tural cottjon. It is made in large slabs. I Near Greenville, S.C., a few days ago, while the Southern bound passenger train was rushing along at the rate of fiftymiles ail hour a man on horseback attempted to cpiss the track. The engine was only about twenty yards away. Before the lever could be reversed the horse was stiock dead and thrown off the track, Tfie rider could not be discovered. When the train reached Greenville the man was fpuhd on the pilot of the engine still sit ting astride of his saddle stone dead. He | was an old gray-haired man, and was re- < pognised as Geo. Martin, a well-to-do cot ion planter of Greenville county. A terrible storm prevailed in New York on the night of the 21st and morning of ; the 23rd January, Travel at all points " was interrupted, thousands of telegraph j wires were prostrated and blocked up the [ streets. Business at the produce, cotton, | and other exchanges was almost suspended j on account of the storm. In Brooklyn ' the damage to trees and telegraph wires | was almost as great as in New York. : ! At Long Branch and several other points i in New Jersey, the damage reported is j very great. I j Hy. Minnesker drank 10 schooners of > i beer in five minutes in a St. Louis saloon, j ■ for a wager of 10 cents. He died an hour : after he bad swallowed the last schooner. 