BEECHWORTH. By "Paul Pry, in the Crbswick Advertiser. No. 2. The lunatic asylum, built on a command ing site, is in a melancholy sense, the pride of the town. The gardens leading up to it are noble in their extent, and are carefully kept, many of the inmates spending their time there in digging and hoeing. The asylum is capable of accommodating about six hundred patients, and has cost the Go vernment £200,000 in erection. All the wards and interior arrangements are almost perfection. On being shown over the building, I was struck with the cleanliness and order everywhere, observed in the dormitories, bath-rooms, dining-rooms and hospital. A lunatic asylum, above all places, one is apt to imagine would be a scene of disorder ; but not so here. Every bed was made with scrupulous neatness, and kept spotlessly clean ; the very floors were white as a table, and everything bore the unmistakable signs of good manage ment. At present there are several hun dred lunatics confined here, and it was my melonchslony privilege tosee so many of my fellow creatures lost to themselves and all about them. One evening I was invited to a dance given fortnightly for the benefit of-'.' the patients. It is a usual thing for visitors to attend these dances. Some go to enjoy a dance, ev<|n in the presence of so much that is sad, others from mere curiosity. Of these I miist be classed with the latter. Arrived there, I was ushered along with a friend in to the large ball around which a-cre' sitting upwards of a hundred men and women. At one end was a good band, and for a minute no suspicion could enter the mind of one unconscious of his whereabouts that he was in the presence of so many lunatics, excluding, ,i course all visitors and warders. None but the harmless and quiet are per mitted to attend this fortnightly treat ; but, as the eye takes in each individual in the place, it soon becomes apparent enough where one is. There sits ' ' Queen Victoria ;" see with what dignity she inclines her head, how erect she sits, and with what an air of condescension she benignantly smiles on all her courtiers who throng her halls. There sits a noble- looking man, erect and tall, with a very high, intellectual forehead, and gentlemanly attire. He looks like a sena tor, or a professor, as he glanees round with a groTO, thoughtful face. You ad dress him, remarking : " It is a fine evening." H i gives you a quiet, sensible answer, and you wonder with infinite pity if such a man can be mad. Not mad in truth, but mind- wrecked, he, is utterly oblivious to all things earthly, a mere machine. The lethe of forgetfulness has rolled its waves over his mind, and all rights ai e to him but meaningless echoes of a "dead past" which .mercifully, per haps, has long since " buried its dead." Yonder is a man smiling incessantly and violently — his every ook>a smile. Beside him sits one melancholy mad with head bent low, gazing at the floor. Up and down the room marches with stately step a facetious Chinaman, admiring undis- guisedly his boots and pantaloons. In one corner is huddled a group of drivilling idiots muttering to the air their soulless babble ; all around, in every eye, is vacancy of expression ; the soul no longer looks out of its windows, but only the ghost of its former self. Al together, the impression made on the mind of the visitor .is. unpleasant and saddening. The "living head!" who more so than these 1 But now the band suddenly strikes up a lively jig ; and lo ! a transformation scene. Straight from the further end of the hall glides down the middle of the floor with foot advanced, arms wide extended, and head erect, the hero of the hour. All'eyes are fixed on him ; the music has entered his soul. With a wild, uncultivated grace, he pirouettes up to where we sit, and offers his hand with a smile, addressing us in Italian. He has begun the ball ; he is once more under his own sunny skies of the South, and lives over again the days of his youth. From every side almost at the same time rise one hundred fantastic dancers, each with a style of his own or her own. Here and there was to be seen a couple dancing vis-a-vis, but generally there W6re displayed an originality of exe cution, and independence of action, quite indescribable. There was to be seen the incongruous mixture of the sublime and ridiculous, a scene patiuiaiig ui um uuaiuu ter of an aboriginal corrobboree, and of the grotesque fandangoes of a tribe of wild Indians, together with all the novelties and elaborate figures of the fashionable salon, commingled and executed with all the abandon that belongs to the perfection of art. One couple in particular fixed my attention. It- was the grave looking pro fessor, whom I have already described, and a short, thick-set, little fellow as his partner. Here extremes had met. There stood " the professor," hands behind his back, looking calmly down at hi3 little friend who was dancing with an heartiness I have never seen equalled. One may talk of " dancing mad." ; and not know what it means. Imagine a stalwart High lander on New Year's Eve dancing Tul- lochgorum to the bagpipes with a " wee drappie in his een-' ; or an Irishman at Tip- perary fair with his shillelali, stepping it out to the tune of "The Wind that shakes the Barley." Then think of a wild Indian doing the war dance over the bloody scalp of a fallen foe, and roll them all in one, and you will have some faint idea how a madman can dance. No pause, slap-bang, arms and legs, shoulders and head, all going at the same time, while the perspiration stood in beads on bis face, which bore a look of fierce determi nation and savage joy. The contrast be tween the motionless professor and this dancing demon was truly ludicrous. Had the music not opportunely stopped this enthusiastic devotee of the terpischorean art must have made his way through the floor or killed himself. No sooner has the music ceased, than a sudden pause is made, and the dancers straightway make fer their seats, and all is over again. Now comes the ' visitors' turn to dance ; for they have dance about. The young lady warders, dressed smartly, and neatly with tne re a. D&age; 01 uiuwj iwuuu led to their places by their partners amid the admiring and approving glances of many of the patients. Having adjusted my spectacles and left my umbrella in charge of a friend; I. amongst others, was induced to select a 'partner, and do my share to amuse the onlookers. What the former dancers thought of our movements I cannot say ; but this ! did think to my self — w.hether tb an itnpartial observer of our goiqgs on therp would, seem to be any 'essential difference between" us. Iam not quite .satisfied yet in, my mind on ..this i.' point. Certain it is " that a fellow feel ing makes us wondrous kind," and judg ing by thaapproving smiles of all around, we had at least the sympathy ef one sec tion of the community. There is this much, however, to be said in our favor, that there was method in our madness, while in that of our friends it was conspi cuously absent. Next in importance as an institution may be mentioned the gaol, a substantial structure of grey granite, which has cost £60,000 to build. This is entered through a double door, ,the outer one having been put up in case of emergency during the Kelly scare. As it was the first time I had ever been in gaol, it was with no small interest I took stock of all I saw. I was somewhat disappointed — agreeably or disagreeably, I wouldn't like to say — with the appearance of the place. Inno cently enough, I had always associated in my mind the name of prison with misery, and hardship and gloom. The dark, damp cell where the weary hours " limp like an ugly witch way" was to me more than a mere poetical sentiment, a stern reality. What was my astonishment then on being shown into the cells to find them well enough lit to read comfortably in, and as roomy as many a poor man's palace, and much more comfortable, with stretcher and blankets good enough for a king. But when I was shpwn into the cell where Ned Kelly was imprisoned, at his capture, a further surprise was in store. The cell was fully 10 feet x 8, and posi tively cheerful in appearance. This large cell, however, when Kelly wa3 there was occupied also by a guard. Opposite this cell were the gallows and drop, where several criminals have paid the penalty of their deeds. To look at the beam and drop, no one could imagine their use. The drop is merely a trap-door with a railing round it in the floor of the gallery upstairs, while the beam above, although it bears the marks of the rope, looks like any other in nocent beam. On being taken to the kit chen we were shown the soup, and bread made from hominy, on which the prisoners most fare sumptuously. The bread is equal, if not better, than much of the brown bread commonly used, and is more nourishing ; and fully a quarter of a large loaf with soup, meat, potatoes formed the regulation mid-day meal for one. What wonder then to hear of idle loafers begging his " wasshHp" to give them six months extra to see them over the winter, when such luxuries can be got for nothing by the practice of some judicious theft. To be shut up in gaol for a single day would be punishment sufficient for many a one. But what punishment is it to the professional loafer to get six months now-a-days ? We Englishmen fully believe with our elder brother, Shakespeare, "That earthly power doth then show likeat God's, when mercy season's justice ;" but we must also remember the as tute remark of the immortal Sammy, " It is the seasoning as does it." Mercy may " season" justice to such an ex tent as to be a direct encouragement to crime, and injustice may be done under the name of justice by an injudi cious course of seasoning. I left that gaol a sadder and a wiser man. The other " lions" of the town I shall have to dispose of in another paper. 