LITERATURE. MB. KENDALL'S POEMS. It is many years since we welcomed a former volume of poems from the pen of Mr. Henry Kendall, and we read the present one with great interest to mark what has been the poetic fruit of the intervening time. Its quantity is regrettably small. A small volume contains the product of Mr. Kendall's poetic labours during the last dozen years or so, and if we omit mere poems of circum- stance, such as the two on the Sydney and Melbourne Exhibitions, the result is any- thing but a large harvest of poetic gleanings for the time. But, after all, in poetry, quantity goes for very little. It is of far more interest to the reader to see what is the quality of the work here presented, what place it holds as poetry, what claims it gives its author to the name of poet. The poetic productions of Australian writers are ao few that we cannot afford to overlook any of genuine merit. Whatever else we may do in day-to-day literature, and even in solider and more enduring work, there will be some thing important wanting to our culture if the grace of poetry be absent. We have very few among us who prefer any title at all to be regarded as poets. Even those few are subject to other calls, and are only able to devote the rare moments of leisure to poetic work. And therefore, when one of those few presents us with a book in which he has collected a number of the products of these hours of poetic labour, the result possesses on our attention and on our sym- pathetic acknowledgment. We think that no one who reads the poems in this little book in this spirit will question that many of the gifts by which poets are equipped for work of a high order are possessed by Mr. Kendall in affluent measure. In at- tempting to determine what these precise gifts are, in what proportion they exist, and if they round up and complete the poetic mind and character, it is necessary to set aside from the estimate all the work in the volume which contributes nothing to the general re- sult. Amongst this we unhesitatingly class first the poems on aboriginal natives, such as "Black Lizzie," "Peter the Piccaninny," and "Black Kate." These poems seem to us mere re-echoes of those of Mr. Brunton Stephens on similar subjects. Mr. Kendall probably had little idea how close was the echo in some points to the original. Thus we may safely assume that Mr. Kendall would not have written to his Black Lizzie, "I will not say, O lady free from scents and starch, That you are like, in any way, The authoress of 'Middlemarch,'" had not Mr. Stephens before him addressed his "Black Gin" as "Sister of L. E. L., of Mrs. Stowe, too! Of E. B. Browning! Harriet Martineau, too! Do theologians know where fibbers go to? "Of dear George Eliot, whom I worship daily," &c.; Again, Mr. Kendall says of "Peter the Pic- caninny," "We picked him up, the Lord knows where! At noon we came across him, Asleep beside a hunk of bear — His paunch was bulged with 'possum. But Mr. Stephens had long before described "A Piccaninny" as "A shade protuberant, beyond contesting, Where this day's 'possum is just now digesting, But otherwise, all over interesting." And then, in the poem "Black Kate," we cannot but feel that when Mr. Kendall, to attain the due degree of humour, has to re- sort to such aids as are employed in the fol- lowing:— "English girls examine well All the food they take, you twig; Kate is hardly keen of smell — Kate will eat a snake, you twig;" and again — "Let her rip! the Phrygian boy Bolted with a brighter one," &c.;, the result hardly compensates for the means employed to attain it. There is another class of humorous poems which we set quite aside in attempting to form an estimate of Mr. Kendall's poetic 1 place. We refer to such as those of "Jim the Splitter" and " Billy Vickera." There pogma to us something very mechanical in Sir. Kendall's attempts to extract humour , from these subjects. He tells us that "No party is Jim of the Pericles type,"and "He never has analysed Homer." Then Billy has never heard of Madame Patti's singing, and has not the eyes to see the grandeur and the glory of the mountains. That is to say, his types are largely described by negatives, hut such negatives as naturally attach to the types selected. It is not description, and it is not wit, to tell ns that an ignorant shepherd is not well versed in cuneiform ; inscriptions, and has given tittle attention to the art of the Renaissance.' Yet this would .be quite in accord with the method Mr. Kendall has carried oat through several of ' bis humouristic character poems. His method 1 is so narrow and mechanical; that we' find him saying exactiy the same thing ofBilly" ' that be has already said of " Jim." The , latter hero can stick to his saddle well— ■' " And when a buckjumper dispenses with him . .She leathergoesnff with the rider." Just so with Billy. " If Sver he should have a 'epUl' tJpon tbe gram or gravel, Be iure'of thls/the saddle will, . With BlUyVipkeii travel* Owing to the defects which we have pointed rtmkwe: are quite unsble.to attach any value *4q Mr. Kendall's humprqus poems. They *dtti& ghffitiehtiy served'their purpose in the in.5vhtcb.s* believe they, or some Of them first appeared, aha they add nothing '<m' irin these tbat 'Mr. KendalTa . is* mi «>• >«« of feeling which they exhibit Some of these attributes are apparent in the verses we subjoin from " Mary Rivers." " Girl, whose strange unearthly beauty haunts us ever in our sleep, Many griefs have worn our hearts out—we are now too tired to weep I Time has tried us, yean have changed us; but the sweetness shed by you Falls upon our spirits daily, like divine immortal dew. Sbinibg are our thoughts about you—of the blos soms past recall, ,, , , . . Ton are still the rose of lustre, still the fairest of them all. In the sleep that brings the garland gathered from the byegone hours, You are still our Maiy Riven—still the queen of all the fiowen. Let me ask where none can hear me—when you passed into the shrine, And yon heard a great love calling, did you know that it was mine f In your life of light and mosic, tell me, did you ever see, _ . , Shining in a holy silence what was as a name in me r Ah, my darling, no one saw it! Purer than un ddei trodden dew Was that first unhappy passion buried in the grave with you. Bird and leaf will keep the secret—wind and wood will never tell Men the thing that I have.whispered. Mary Rivers, fare you well!" The same free Row, and facility of verse and rhyme are exhibited in the poem " Beyond Kerguelen," though we think that the two extra syllables in excess of the metre at the end of each alternate line, as in the veree— " Down in the South, by the waste without sail on it Far from the zone of the blossom and tree— Lieth, with winter, and whirlwind, and wail on it, Ghost of a land by the ghost of a sea," have rather a tiresome effect when continued throughout the poem. We get just the same effect in " The Curse of Mother Flood," with an affluence of Swinburnean alliteration— " Wizened the wood is, and wan is the way through it; White as a'corpse is the face of the fen; Only blue adders abide in and stray through it Adders and venom, and honors to men." To exhibit the power of pathetic expression displayed by Mr. Kendall we need only quote a stanza from the elegiac poem " Araluen," on the death of an- infant child. " Girl, whose hand at God's high altar, in the dear dead year I pressed, Lean your stricken head upon me: this is Still your lover's breast! She who Bleeps was first and sweetest—None we have to take her place ! Empty is the little cradle, absent is the little face. Other children may be given; but this rose beyond recall But this garland of your girlhood, will be dearest of them all. None will ever, Araluen, nestle where yon used to be, In my heart of hearts, you darling, when the world was new to me, We were young when yon were with us. Life and Love were happy things To your father and your mother ere the angels gave you wings." There is, it appears to as, much feeling of the calm majesty of nature in the stately lines "To a Mountain" prefixed to the volume as a dedication. We quote the following:— " But thou, To whose fair majesty I dedicate My book of rhymes—thou bast the perfect rest Which makes the heaven of the highest gods! To thee the noises of this violent time Are far faint whispers; and, from age to age, Within the world, and yet apart from it, Thou standst! Round thy lordly capes the sea Bolls on with a superb indifference For ever: in thy deep green gracious glens The silver fountains sing for ever. Far Above dim ghosts of waters in the ctves, The royal robe of morning on thy head Abides for ever! Evermore the wind Is thy august companion; and thy peers Are cloud, and thunder, and the face sublime Of blue mid-heaven ! On thy awfnl brow Is deity; and in that voice of thine There is the great imperia utterance Of God for ever; and thy feet are set ' Where ever more, through all the days and years, : There rolls the grand hymn of the deathless wave." I After all, the elements of poetic sensibility, | of musical verse, of vivid, free, forcible lan-j guage, are bat means to an end. They ares J the equipment for the work of poetry. But they are not poetry in themselves—do not make it by their conjunction. Poetry re quires something over and above all this, and indeed it is only in the over and above this that the true poetic faculty reside There is still a certain intellectual intuitic and insight—a faculty of poetic inspiration which when gifted with an adequa message, and expreBBed by the aid of the gilts before enumerated, becomes poetry, lie' question remainB, has Mr. Kendall this mis sage to convey. We must confess that at tliB point we feel a deficiency, -a void in his poetic work. It gives as so much of the rich, embroidered vesture of poety, andjso little of the mind, and heart, and squL It seems to tell of rich powers nos seased in vain or to little purpose, of ar ring discords, of waste and rain, of gifts i is applied, and capacities wholly unused. iVe should not ventnre to speak in this way iid we not find the warrant in what the wi ter says of himself. Many of his poems nd much of his work touch on this them in accents of remorse and regret. Thus we ind him saying:— " But I who am that perished soul Have Wasted so these powers of mine, That I oan never write that whole Pure, perfect speech of thine. Some lord of words august, supreme, The grave, grand melody demands: The dark translation of the theme I leave to other hands." The' same sentiment animates the tender regretful little poem, " After Many Years: . . " The'song that once I dreamed about, ' , The tender, touching'tmUrt Asradlant as the rose without— The lpve of wood and wing— TheWrfect yerses to the tone i n. t'-.- St Istoo.'tototowrite^hesenow, . The ancient fire iaoold: \- Ifoardcnt lights illume the brow ........i—Aslnthqoaysiolold," In ^nqther ppeip |he author has not shjjunlp \- IniteaQM^jptfwnprp the brand ofdiagraoe A'yniMflpmffivpx* butt, sod auauf Wi^J^gp^fififpoorBatm and Jbgt " Bnt'tbe hinit ofi the Father Supreme is offended, And my'ttfe'to tad light of His favonris endec ; l And, whipped) by inflexible devila, ! shiver "With ahdiioW 7feo UsUf inwy faearlng for ST A' :s inly; mjr inch nttnirniionci agninrf thoir imthpr ■ How is his jnufih is merely ass|aied for lyric or diramatic purpbsee we do not un i dertake to ask. But when, in leading his I poems, the question occurs, as it often occurs, how iB it that a man possessing so many gifts of receptivity and expression, music, verse, language, sensibility, has so little in the shape of intellectual message to convey, so little purpose to correspond to all this faculty, we cannot overlook the fact that the author has repeatedly expressed his con sciousness of this deficiency, and has given some explanation of it. But we trust that the judgment expressed in the last line we have quoted iB too sweeping and peremptory a one. While a man's faculties of expression are in full force, and his powers of acquisition are nnimpaired, it is never " too late" for the achievement of work fully adequate to his many capacities. And we may hope yet to receive from Mr. Kendall work that will evince the same gifts that we gladly recognise in thiB now before us, and will, in addition, be animated by an aim and a purpose, and ctjiwned by an attainment which appear to ua at present wanting. 