ODDS AND ENDS. Two brothers, named George and John Taylor, narrowly escaped drowning in the Newcastle harbour on Sunday last, by the up setting of a boat. They were rescued by the steamer Nellie. Mr. James Shepperd, of the Mountain, Little Forest (says the Ulladulla Times), killed a cow last week, and when opened he found to his astonishment no less than seventy-six pound weight of quartz stones in her. Mr. Nathan Claydon informs us that it is no uncommon thing for cows or bullocks that are turned out on to the table land at top of the mountain to swallow large quantities of stones. He has himself two or three cows that are, he is sure, suffering in the same way. Another exemplification of the danger arising from the want of communication be tween carriages and engines was afforded on Saturday last. An Ameiican car attached to an excursion train to Geelong was discovered to be on fire. The car contained 6o passengers. One of them clambered on to the roof, and, travelling over thq carriages, reached the driver in safety. The train was stopped, and the fire, which was caused by the weight of the car pressing on the springs and igniting the woodwork by friction, was put out. A telegram from Melbourne states that 2r claims for compensation. by' the recent railway aiccident on the Brighton line, Victoria, have been settled by the payment of £3584 There are 23 other claims which still require to be dealt with. Signor Giammona, professor of music, was fined /5, and £7 7.. costs in the Melbourne District Court on Monday last, for assaulting Alfred Moul, musical critic of the Leader and Age, for having adversely criticised portions of a new mass composed by the former. The Advertiser says:-A man lost a pocket-book in Fitzmaurice-street, Wagga, on Saturday night last, containing about /8o, consisting of a cheque for £25, and notes, and gold and silver. As soon as he had lost it he made inquiries, and fortunately soon discovered the finder, who had already made public the tact of finding the lost money. The inder was Mrs. Wayling, the wife of a bootmaker, residing opposite the weighbridge in Fitzmaurice-street. When the money was restored to the owner he rewarded Mrs. Wayling with one shilling, with which, as he said, to buy some lollies for the children. Comment is needless. A watchmaker named Soden, in business at Sandridge, was sent to gaol for a week, and mulcted in heavy costs, for stealing gas from the mains by means of indiarubber piping on Monday last. The following pre-emptive leases have been granted :-Samuel Miners, Cooma, 200 acres, county Beresford, parish Coolringdon; Patrick Berrell, Laggan, 180 acres, county Georgiana, parish Bolong; Matthew W. Hillas, Bannaby, 480 acres, county Argyle, parish Bourke; Phillip Handley, Bannaby, 112 acres, county Argyle, parish Bourke; Robert Whip, Bannaby, 420 acres, county Argyle, parish Bannaby; Mary Pinning Wheeo, 300 acres, county King, parish Nar rawa: John Mc Cawley, Queanbeyan, 90 acres, county Murray, parish Googong. The Limerick Chronicle of July 12 con tains an address from the tenantry of the Earl of Limerick to his Lordship, which shows that there are landlords in Ireland who have the interests of their tenants at heart, and who, in that country of bitter hostility between the two classes, are still respected. The address contains an expression of heart felt gratitude on the part of the tenantry for the many acts of kindness and benevolence that they have received at the hands of his Lordship. The majority of the tenantry hold their farms under Griffith's valuation, yet he gave an abatement to all 30 per cent. on the March rents, to meet any losses they may have sustained in consequence of unpro pitious harvests. "In the sincerity of our hearts," the address says, "we pray the Almighty may give long life and happiness to the Earl of Limerick, and to his respected agent, Mr. Vanderkiste." The Parramatta Jockey Club have issued an attractive programme for the Prince of Wales' Birthday. Six events will appear on card. Of these, the Prince of Wales' Handi cap, of 0oo sovs., is the principal. A Hurdle Race and a Galloway Race are provided, the latter being a weight-for-age fixture. The 26th instant is the closing date for entrances. A parcel of 50,ooo bushels of wheat was quitted at Adelaide on Monday last, at 5s 41d., free on board at the port. 300 tons of flour, leading brand, were placed at LI2 5s., for New Caledonia. The Argus publishes an interesting state ment respecting Skuthorpe's alleged discovery of Leichhardt's and Classen's relicts. It is stated that the Government of New South Wales are now willing to pay Skuthorpe the L6ooo demanded, conditional on his afford ing them satisfactory proof that he possesses the relics, and will hand them over in a state of good preservation; also, that Skuthorpe shall accompany any expedition the Govern ment may send to recover the rest of Leich hardts, relic's, which are reported by Skuthorpe to be still recoverable, and look for the papers described by Hume. It is stated further that the Government has been moved to credit Skuthorpe's alleged discovery mainly by Sir Arthur Palmer, Colonial Secretary of Queensland, who at first declined to believe their truth. A detailed account of the contents of Leichhart's and Classen's journals has been given to Mr. Kirke, a gentle man of high reputation, and who at present is Skuthorpe's employer in Queensland. Particulars are also given of Classen's parting from Leichhart to look for water; on the former's return to camp, two days after, he found the explorer dead. Classenthen buried the journal at the foot of a marked tree, and lived with the blacks, and kept up a con densed diary, which shows that he was pre vented from leaving the natives. Having been brought back and badly treated after an unsuccessful attempt to reach civilization, he, shortly before death, visited the marked tree, and deposited part of his own journal in the same place. The account narrates several circumstances, such as the age of the water mark. opn the paper being 1830. This is bbrne out by the fact that Leichhart obtained some thick paper from the Ordnance Depart ment in Sydney, corresponding with the description, prior to his departure on his last journey. The handwriting is also identified in some documents as that of Leichhart's A callous-looking fellow, named Daniel Angus, was brought before the Bench at Young, on Monday last, and a brutal assault upon his father and stepmother very clearly proved against him. The scene was affecting, as the poor old man, forgetting the unnatural conduct of his son and rememberino only the link that bound them, asked the magistrate to deal leniently with the offender. The only one apparently not touched was the son him self, who by a palpable lie tried to invent some other reason as to the cause at least of the injuries inflicted upon his mother. The Police Magistrate very properly marked his sense of the defence stt up by in flicting the highest penalty the law per mitted. A very narrow escape from probably a fatal accident befel three gentlemen the other evening while returning from Mr. Emanuel Fowler's residence. On of the parties re ferred to had a revolver in his pocket, as also a packet of Ely's revolver cartridges, which by some unexplained accident exploded. Fortunately no injury resulted, but the escape should serve as yet another warning againt the careless use of the dangerous ex plosives. The Newcastle people are making pre parations for the Ministry's visit. The railway platform, Lithgow, was re opened as a ticket and parcel station, on Wednesday. From some parts of Victoria there appears to be a falling off in the wool clip this season compared wiLth lest. There were three lawyers partnership with the peculiarly happy names of Catchem, Chetum, and Holdem. People laughed at seeing these names in juxtaposition over the door; so the lawyers thought it advisable to separate them by the insertion of their Chris tian names. Mr. Catchem's name was Isaac -Mr. Chetum's name Uriah, Mr. Holdem's was also Isaac. A new board was" ordered but when sent to the painter, it was found to be to short too admit the Christian names in full length. The painter therefore, put only the inital before the surnames, which made the matter still worse than before, for there now appeared 'I Catchum, U Chetuni, and I Holdem. A return recently laid before Parliament shows.that there were, from the ist January, 188o, to the beginning of September last,' 60 convictions at the Central Police Court for selling in prohibited hours, 78 at the Water Police Court, and one at the Newtown Court. During the same period there were 386 con victions for Sunday selling at the Central, 321 at the Water Police, and 51 at Newtown. ' he number of publicans summoned to show cause why their licenses should be renewed was 24 at the Central, 25 at the Water Police, and one at Newtown. The number of licenses recommended by the magistrates to be cancelled was 14 at the Central and is at the Water Police Court. A return recently printed shows the follow ing approximate amount of balances of 75 per cent. unpaid on the 1st January, 188i : Deposits of 25 per cent. on selections taken up to 31st December, 1877, £3,016,143 sos 5d; less deposits on selections forfeited to 31st December, i88o, and. lapsed to 3oth June, 1881, £479,931 ros; leaving £2,536,212 os 5d; less deposits refunded to 3rst December, 1879, £494,579 18s 5d; net deposits of 25 per cent., £2,o41,632 2s. Balances of 75 per cent., £6,124,896 6s; less balances in full,; £550,837 0os iod; ditto by instalments paid off to 31st Decem ber, 188o, £242,518 9s 6d; making in all; £793,356 os. 4d; leaving balances unpaid on ist January, 188r, £5,331,540 5s 8d; the payers not having exercised their option of paying. The following is a statement showing the total amount of balances paid in full during each of the years. 1876,, 1877, 1878, 1879, and 188o :-In 1876, £61,699 x8s 9d; 1877, £61,070 17S 2d; 1878, £47,182 r3s 8d; 1879, £37,030 9s 7d; s88o, £41,91x 6s sod.: total, £248,895 6s. At a meeting of the Victorian Tariff Corn Commission on Tuesday, it was decided to issue a serious of printed questions to all manufacturers, merchants, mining boards, companies, agricultural and pastoral societies, local bodies, &c.;, in order to elicit the im portance of the various industries and the effect of the present fiscal system on trade and commerce. Whisker, the chess player in Melbourne, intends giving an~exhibition of his skill as a player, by playinig six games blindfolded against good players to-morrow. An omnibus run by electricity is announced to ply between Zehlendorf and Tetlow, at Berlin. The authorities have granted per mission for the erection of. the necessary apparatus. which consists of a conducting wire, on which runs the electricol aparatus, this being connected with the omnibus by means of a thin chain. The vehicle ie simi lar to o four- wheeled omnibus, with room for ro people. A giding wheel is placed in ftont. Between the hind wheels is placed the driv ing apparatus, which is connected by a thin chain Iwith the electrical apparatus. Twn strong endless chains run from the driving apparatus to each of te hind.wheels and cause them to revolve. It is calculated that this omnibus will do the distance between Zehlendorf and Tetlow in 12y minutes. The distance is four kilometros. Thie Dispatch says :-After the hail-storm of Tuesday had nicely softened the ground, heavy rain set in at night and continued till near morning, when it broke off. This season F able weather will do an infinity of good, and will raise the drooping spirits of the farmers, as well as bring on their crops. Although the showers were very heavy in and around Braidwood, there was not nearly so much rain fell a few miles away. In the direction of Reidsdale, Araluen, and the localities south of the town came in for their full share. The country around presents a far more attractive appearance now that it is clothed in its ver Sdant garb of green, and digging operations will gain a good deal of benefit. The district now that the long-looked-for rain has fallen, there is every prospect of a good season with fine crops. A second forged Crown grant has been discovered in Melbourne, and an active investigation is being made by the Crown Law Department, it being feared that this system of forgery has been very extensive. All the signatures are excellent forgeries, evi dently done by tracing the originals, while the seals of the colony have been removed from old and comparatively worthless documents. The Albury Borough Council, at the last fortnightly meeting, resolved to forward a petition, signed by a large majority of the ratepayers, praying the Government to under take the construction of water-supply works on the basis of Mr. William Langtree's scheme, A telegram from Melbourne states that a close examination proves that the rolling stock on the Hobson's Bay Railway is in a very defective condition. Already 58 carriages have been condemned and replaced by others from the Victorian railways. Several loco motives are also worn out. A sum of £33,000 has been expended in replacing the stock, and 50,000oo will be required, while the increasing traffic and extension of lines in the suburban districts will involve an expendi ture of very large amount. The bill introduced into the Legislative Assembly by Mr. Byrnes to amend the Imni pounding Act consists of five clauses, the most important of which is clause two, which gives municipal councils power to impound from any street, road, lane, reserve, or park under their control. The next clause pro vides that the charges for daimage and driv ing shall be the same as Ir scribed in the Act of 1865. Captain Brown, of the barque,. Prince Victor, has furnished to .the Syeney Herald's Newcastle correspondent additio al particu. lars concerning the loss of his vessJl. Cap tain Brown.says that at 8 o'clock onthe morn ingof Saturday, 24th ultimo, his vessel was lyiig with her head to the eastwal( hove-to. There was a strong gale then blowing from S.S.E. and a very heavy sea running. His vessel by that time had righted from the posi tion she had previously been in (that is, on her beam ends), since the masts had been. cut away, and all she had standing on deck were the lower main and mizen masts; the foremast was gone by the board. When he sa\v the steamer Governor Blackall first she was between two and three miles to windward of the barque, and Captain Br~own immedi ately hoisted his ensign union down on the peak of the miZzen-mast, and kept it flying until the steamer went out of sight, hove-to under easy steam to the east-ward. The steamer was in sight for about three hours in the morning, and the same steamer apparently came back again about half-past 5 p.m to the northward or leeward of his vessel. She was then about the same distance away as she had been in the morning. They saw the steamer's masthead,light plainly at dark, and immedi ately made signals of distress to her with flashlights and flare-ups in the mizzen rigging, but no notice whatever was taken of the. them. Captain Brown feels satisfied his signals must have been seen aboard the steamer. Fur ther, that the steamer could easily have run down under the lee of the bar'que in the morning without any danger and without wasting any coals; and if he thought the weather then too bad to render assistance, there was surely tiothing to prevent the Blackall standing by them until the, followving day. The gale, he adds, was no worse than the celebrated Dahdenong gale,; when the captain and crew of the barque Albert William so nobly distinguished themselves in saving life from the disabled steamer. With out showing any signals of distress at all, the ship herself was a sufficient object of distress, as any shipmaster will understand, seeing that she had nothing standing but the lower main and mizzen masts. Captain Brown launched his own leaky boat over the barque's side on the following (Sunday) morning, and man aged to reach the land on Tuesday, his mine meanwhile having to keep constantly baling with two buckets to keep her afloat. The thermometer was over coo in the shade at Bourke on Wednesday last. Impounded at Iaralga, from Chatsbury, by Mr. Jaires Miller, from grass paddock; damages and driving, 4a 4d ; sum due -et after each animal : Roan horse, broken in, branded J lI off shoulder; 4 years old-13s Gd:-Black hor.e, bia.ded , over MI off shoulder, aged, 11s 6d.-Yeilw bay horse, bald face, RB off shoulder, 2 near shouider, aged, Its Gd. Will be sold on 27th Otekbr. The race horses at Flemington, Victoria, that are noticed by sporting men most are Gipsy Cooper, Millirodale, Belladrum, Mercury, Trump Yos-, Brian Boru, Creswick, Darebin, Lord Burghley, Sweetmeat, Zulu, Wheatear, Somius, Hilarious Bosworth, Mistake, Canary, The Ghost, Whisper, Wizard, Sir Modred, Id.lium, Josephine, Respite; Lord Clifden, Sir Oliver, Advent, Warhawk, Nautilus, Wellington, Pollio, and the Czar, but nothing worthy of particular mention took place. Very littl ehange taken place in the betting upon forthcoming ev. ts. 7 to.4 is accepted about Wheatear for the aultiuld Guineas. 5 to 2 is wanted about Snuta.nClaus, and there appears to be a desire to back Ro'al Maid. The Sydney Horald says in reference to the cross libel action Browii v. Dodds, heard at Yass Circuit Court, and reported in our telegraphic columns on Saturday last, Mr. Dodds states that his counsel said that "his client had nothing to apologise for, as any words made use of by him could not possibly be construed into the meaning of the words used in the declaration." A case of considerable interest and importanie to auetioners andcomission agents came before Mr. Marsh, W.P.M., in the Sydney' Water Police Court. The parties to the case were Mr, Joseph Onus, of Richmond, plaintiff; and Mr. George Kie, the well-known horsedealer, defendant. The cvi dence was to the effect that a uinan named Ryan went to Richmond, and asked Unus if ho had a horse for sale, and receiving a reply. in the slUr mative, a bargain was concluded, the price being lixed at 50 guineas. It was also agreed that the horse should be left with Onus for a. forteight or thiseo weeks, and £25 was paid as a deposit to bind the bargain. Abhut a fortnight or three weeks after that Onus received a telegram from Kiss, instructing him to send the colt down to him, and he (Kies) would forward the balance of purchase money. The colt was sent down accordingly, and Kiss forwarded the balance, less £2 12s. 6d, which he deducted as commission. The point to be decided was whether Kiss, who had had nothing whatever to do with the trao-action beyond sending the telegram referred to and forwarding the money less £2 12s. Gd, was entitled to commission at all. Mr. Marsh held that he was, and gave a verdict for the amount claimed, together with 7s. Court costs and lls. e ists of witnesses -Sydney herald. 