Country and ¡Mining Iffens; ¡'? ? ; ALBURY. " ila* 10. > :jRiNCiBAiiKiNCi.-Tho agitation with regard,to tho UruiU -*WiW,.is > sproadinjr in all phrta of The ttiistrict. -A pu'blt« ({.ineotiiipln > connection with the tjiibjccc wan held yestob , flay at J indera, whon tho > opinion was unanimously iek .'''(pressed, íhat if Mr. Bayliü's âeoision worb > upheld^ in :,serious Ulów would bo.Btfuo-¡;at tho conditional purchase > ''iBysteni. ït'usdlutions wer« carriel! in'favour of nasistbifi ï'Mr. 3>ay, > Mr..Jl,Já!h»no, and Mr, Xyne ia their effort»' to .... obtain a reversal of > tho' verdict, and , a committee Was ¡np. -' jointed iro'oollcot > snbscriptions'nt Willa Walla, 'Walbuü. ¡?fidrib, .Tinflora, Gerogery, &c.; > j. -..' ' ; , , Bio DISCOSKION.-Thondjourncd meeting oilhemimiotolil .: 'èotihcil'Irtst Wednesday riiglit Wwi a'very long andJBOi¡jj .;,otfairl ; There was a full ntteadrino'o of,tho aldermen/alöng business sliest, and plenty of discussion. Tho most iii. ? ?¡p'ertant itom da the lia'ogrfiinítío "was 'tho water' ¡Bupbly .. rniestion.. ^.The; point te. ,¡00-.r/üet'orrninod r.wite " "whoth'er- ' tlio1 Government "proposal tb' carry''? out -fíttie rwórlc."'Ut' flUI'catimiited eoBt; Of' £20,000;'; Wltbóut " retinulatióhiahoultl.bo Accepted, or .wbetbor'tiiè offer ol ^,Mr."Al>rtthftirts,urf VIcMrftiri engineer, Jtf clo tho wliojofdr i.C*S7.0P0 shoitl&y.tyP; takon instead. ." ; Aldírweu, Gulsonl jiort, Hud Hunter'Opposed tho adaption of tho Government 'UicUenre' fca h.Tfcbgétliér tAo costly thx tho purpbs'e, ,' Tlio ~(Mii.vbr,-was in nfavqur ¡of tho QoTornmbnt plan,- and.flVo inore bf tlw aldermen held similar opinions, so the rosó \j;tiütlou'Áv4i¿ cnWicd-' committing the council to thb'niihcjr ..'-expensjvo schomo roforred to. .That "tho ratfcpuyera aro J hbtuniinimously JR fnrbur o'f the project is ev'idbutfroA» "CfchofadtJthat'ft publia kneeling: was held Inst üight'td oôtt , Bider ; the quostioii, and that the1 action of 'tlio .1 jboiiccil '-''wns^ strongly ' condemned' by 'all' tue rcppealctu^.,- 'Mr,?_, Mute, of Turdntta, ., oconpietb ,Tth'e , chair, ima tho .Exchange Th entro was crowded to- .^dboi'B. The-'first resolution wns moved'by' Aiderniau lylQulson.aiHl scchndod by Atr. TJOWÍBÍ Solomon, to thojuüedt , iiïiat' tho 'estimated, cost of tho Govovumon't pin», wn's (fûal-g,oly,'in'oxoo*s óf ttie n ilion nt requii-ed: tó^süpjflythje ! i-r.tquireinouts of tlio town forthunext 20 years, nuil woulü '*lr/v6!V8 unreasonably hes vy local' taxatipn.' The'fiècdnd a fcosblution was movod by Mr. George A'daulg, and'seconded nby.MiyH. tíourr, proposing tkattho . anunioipal "council bo '.'askod tö rfaàcihd the réiiofulic-n nceeptihg'tho Gd-rèrhrnorjt ¡j Bohema, anil to borrow ttío nooessary funda, and oarry out tti'owbrk'óú.its own responsibility. Both resolutions woi*o V"báiTioct brlànitmoiislfr, Wn)idst;jrt*ii»ieuinfe ohcern. . LIENS ON LIVESTOCK.-At the recent, Bitting of tho district "court ii dodiaien was given br Judee ITorbim of ütóón6u!orabl6Üinipoi'tancB to persona holdlnc liens upoh. "'¿iyo atoqk. . VTlve facts of the casro may bo stated th'uai-1 Mr John Iliffe some time ago advanced to a man named Howard a sum of money upon the security of certain cattle. After the loan was contracted Howard was sued U^'y/Bbmtro'tht'r'ó'reáltÓJ-in the Howlong hmsll debtsr;ourt. rj-JTit-lKiijej^t was ffiyeu, n-niiiiit him, ¡mil the creditor put in au execution" iii tliá uKunl Traj'. A jioriion of Howara'a ü^f'ópovty Was soiled to »iitiHfy the exocution, and nmoriKafc ; other things a tioiac \Thich wan iuiuu.kil in Iliffo's mort 1 frsigei 1 IliÖö thon sned the Vuirjft of tho court-ono C Barnott-for: tho A-alu« e«f ibo herso, and UIÍH was tho notion Judgo Forbes TT:IB onlled onto try. Mr, Henly *.' hliponTed for tho pliilnl iff, Afr. KmiTKOft for tho doïeudant. .jMr. Kuiorsdn argued that, tho soiruro of tho hoi'BO by tko bailiff' was. perfectly r«jirnlar and loyal, and ho ^.'quoted' ia 'chiuao from the Small DL-MB Court A<ît .yip.. »HÓW thdt no mortgacfo or. hill of «alo ?Wohld hold pood nguirmt a juapmont of the court, unlesii î ;tlle infittuiùÈiit was for a, upocifled term not oxcoodinjr 12 ,Tinonths, was registered witliin a wcolc oí ita exocution ';at'the nortrost oorivt i>f petty sensions, and had bcon pro .¿idocod to ilia .bailiff putting the juJgmout in force. It wns ., aaeorted for the dofenco (and not disputed hy tho other '''¿ido) that Iliffe's mortgage wa« not for n, speeiflcd time; '¡tliat itjhud not boon registered, und that it had not boon produced to' tho bailiff. Ar. Emerson thereforo arpiied Obtint üí.Vatí of."no force tis hghfuist the!cxcRUt.ion, nnd that r. tho bailiff,was justifled. , Mr, .Healy ninintuinîd that tho i^seotion quoted'had nb bo/iring whatever on tho case, tm tho Small'Ddbta iCourt Adt -was entirely overriddon by r\ mnohy later statute- the Stock Mortgage Act-which "'¿^¿rbssly ' 'providéfl for lien» "upon bro Btock beinp .^aitlerout.iy1 (¡regardod 1 to inertgagofi upon ordinary '^cbnttol property. Iii« Honor said bo ti nd 110 doubt in tho "'wdiild'ás'to the ohfie !fcdfol-e bim. If lAr. Kmerscn'M TICW .^ofi tho question were correct, à Hon Upon lire sl ock would ' bo no security afc aid A mn» might lend J5100 upon cattlo, i* and if .thobbnrtower cbanocd to bécomo ombn- rraaEcd, a lbt . ;of, small- judgments might ho pivnn niïainst him, and tlid ''whole bf bia cattle niipht bo seircd mid sobl boforo tho ,'lender Itnow niiythinfr about it. Tlmt was contrary to ' justice aud common ceimo, upon whioh nlllnw wno founded. "Tho dofeuco sot up was therofor'o no dufouco, and ho .rßhould lind fortho plaintiiï. Jml^unent waa nocordinirlv . given for Iliffe with costs. Tho point raised in this enso is, I ' undcrstancl, a now one, aud tiefestlmit's solicitor intimated Î liisiutontiou to taliol ho case to ti mrperior court, uudor the terms of tho now Act pnsuetl lust seswion. GAB.-Oiioo moro there i» a chunco of Albury being pro- vided with ti gua Btipply. 1'or nloao 011 five years past .-tfcoro have been various Fpaamodic attempts in tho eaino ... direction, and iul879 r.hinpn got to tho length of a repjuliir deéd of association bointr drnwn up for tho formation of tv . ''joint Block OfiinpaAy. PrORr^ctusen irero ÎBSued, plana ?:. prepared, «nfl some hundreds of sharon falcon up, but at the last inomont it foll thronen for lack oí uuflicioni capital being subscribed. A fewdnys since. bowOTOr, Mri ' J.'L. Cistner, o-f Sydney, pMd n visit to Albnry, lno.do a number of inquirios regarding thc 7>i-obabIo consumption V. oigas, &c;" mid pave it to bo nndcratdod that ho intended . eroiiiK iuto the mailor on his own account. , SELECTIONS.-Tho following conditional purchases wcro "taken up at tho Albury land office on Thursday:-E. J. O'Bwyor, 109Î acres, )>ai ish of I'orest Creek ; E. Still, 40 acres,"parish of Hindmarsh, ; J. Boll, 40 acres, pariah of .'Mullongrandra ; W, Laagau, ICO ncres, parish, of Glouroy ; J. Keo^h, 40 acres, parish of Mullengandra. "SANITARY IÍEVORJI.-Bather on important stop iii this ' direction has been taken since tho dato of my last. For . some years pa6t Alderman Gulson has been trying to bring about tho introduction of tho earth-closet By stem, bnt .ifrom various causes he hasbeoiiuiiBiiooeuBful. At the last ' meeting, ot tho council ho Biiccocdod in passhifr a motion . for rendering tho adoption of tho syEtoiu compulsory in .all tho aliftilad portions of the town. It is probablo that sorao little time will elapso before tlio new ru o can como "into operation, Most likoly a special by-law will havo to -'ne pased and gafeettt-d, and varions other preliminaries j arranged, bat I loot on tho pascinrr ef tho resolution an a r yory good step in tho ripht direction. ' BAZAAR.-Tho committee appointed to arrange for tho liazaav tb bo held ia liquidation df tho debt on tho Preaby .?'tdrian Church b.avo fixed the dato of thoir raid on the purses of tho public. ">.. AMDSEM,15NT3.-Professor Kino, tho eelobratod "mind reader," is performing for a short EC»KOII hero, mid nu a 'Special attraction announces " a ghost" ovpry evening, '. PAS'i'onAt IAND ACIKICUI.TUHAL SOCIETY1.-Tho first, meot "ing of the newly appointed comniitteo sf tho Albury and Bordel" society, wa« held lust Thursday, Mr. James Hayos in the chnir. Tho dato of tho annual show was fixed for ^Wednesday, tho 7th of September, and it waa decided to "¿old a ploiiphinrr match a week boforo tho exhibition. Tho "maten will take place this year at Albury. A resolution ..waa carried in favour of applying to tho Government fov , an additional five RCI-CB of iand adjoining tho proseut yarda, tho accommodation now ayailablo being all too limited for show purposes. Tho remuneration of tho .'secretary was fixed at £25, vii th 57>er cent, commission on ;eubscriptioii.i. Several special prisen wero announced a;i> tho gifts of various member*, including1 a "Prosidont's ' Prize," tho Pfift of Mr. G. If. Dight, for tho best entire draught borso of nny SRO in tho yard. Thora, wat? a Rood .bluster of niembors at tho meeting, and tho now corn xnitteo han evidently been mott judiciously celcctcd, , QUAKTJM! SESOICKO.-linst weak tho bnainoss was remark- ably light. Samuel Barnett, a commercial travollcr, who ''pasBod a valuolosa ohequo on tho landlord of tho Albury Hotel, was found guilty, with a strong recommendation to .mercy on tho Booro of previous good obaraoter. Ho wan sentoncod to thieo months' imprisonment. Tearco and ,Äl'Iionnan, conviotcd of aBnaultinr; James Kerr -at Sor Igoant's Lagoon, worn Konteneod to tnroo days and Sil dnvB' irnpri sonmniit respectively ; tho jury finding Pcarc'o ;nult only of a common, assault, and M'lennan of un aegra; vated assault. 