; GIRL'S IDEALS BT A. 0. Cn«rt» SL(Oosiisdbd).-— abjjboos. Kb. Hamilton and lier daughters— daughter, niter, for Mary had no voico in snch matter. — ixeptcd tho hospitality' that was shown thorn go all theso occasions, not without giving their ctortainora a distinct impression that it was tiRr hind of them to do so. They always arrived htr, when tho chief of tho arm chairs' waa mated for Mrs. Hamilton, who took it raeioaely, hot as a matter of course ; and they, drays departed early. Sirs. Hamilton, daring Ibo interval, was tho-object of-special attentions from hostnnd hostess ; and Nina, placid and grace ful, coiiscioU3ofsuiJeriorityinbeftutyandin"style," looking, to do ber justice, very refined and'charm- log in her faintly-tinted, Sivres-china dresses — , ids tho queen and goddess at whoso feet bank clerks bowed down (and Nina did not disdain tosh clerks when nothing better was avaiiablcj. Mary, who had an inveterate habit of taking up with, as well as of snubbing and neglecting, Its wrong- people," always squeezed herself into corners, and - either found an old paid, or some other indifferent person .to talk to, or yatvned' openly,' and mnde it evident to any- Italy; who took the. trouble to notipe her (and Aborcorn was hot . so ready to .do that as Mi. Macleod had been) how insufferably bored sho vat. She liked tho dances, into tho life and fun tf which she entered with all the ardor of bcr youth and her wholesome nature, but she hated the prifa little parties with tho same characteristic rcliemence. Tho Abereorn people voted her a ratter disagreeable girl in those early days, be fore they knew her well enough to ask her. to "drop in "when sho felt disposed, and, when the did, to make her frop of the homely life of the family sittingroom, Sho did not 000 her friend of the voyago for a considerable time g and she missed -him n great fad. He was not; of course, to bo compared with Isr captain,' whose image was ever present toiler thoughts, tho glorified type and pattern of every thing that a gentloman and a soldier and a lover itould be ; but then neither were tho men of Aborcorn for a moment to be compared with him. How often, at tho dull, little parties, when sho yawned and sighed for the evening to he over, did obe wish she could seehim walk inatthodoor, with lis brisk, downright, peremptory tread, looking to square and strong and so fall of quiot energy. She thought she was anxious for nows of tho Du- toio children — and so Sho was ; but she was far more anxious for a sight of her rejected lover's face, and toboassefed nfreslt that he was her I good friend as he promised to be. 1 It was by no means his fault that sho did not j ico him sooner. Ho called at the bauk almost 1 lir.mcdintoly after his return to Bungil, und found 1 til tho ladies ont ; and he left' u message that ho vould-comc again- on tho following afternoon, as bo was anxious to .see thorn. This gratifying mcisago Nina received from tho servant, and dfd tot communicate to her sister, whom, next day, at soon as Innch waa over, sho despatched en a series of shopping expeditions, stul when Mr. Maclood arrived ho was whored up Mo the drawingroora, where bo was entertained with much hospitality ' by Mrs. Hamilton and iter eldest daughter only. Be stayed a long time ; he looked at somo pboto- jmplis of Eastwold and of Nina's' English friends —which included thoso of her donr Lord Chester mil tho bishop and the dean ; ho took great in terest in tho description of Eastwold life which photographs suggested, and apparently ho look great interest in Nina herself, for he stared at her a good deal, noticing the soft delicacy afld purity of her skin, and how-well her faint-hluo muslin dress, with tho pink roses at her throat, became her. Ho oven drank some tea out of tho lillirutinn cups, and ate some thin' bread and batter, served by. Miss Hamilton's beuutifully white hands ; he eat at Nina's window and looked up , and down tho street, giving tcr little -, sketches : of . the -characters and : histories -. of tho passers-by. Finally, he tool; out his watch — with an air intended to imply that, beguiled by all theso pleasant things, be lia-1 totally forgotten how tho time was passing. — remarked thai he was making an.un- KitscionuUIo ' visit, and that be should bo lato for.dfiihcr if ho lingered any longer,' and, kith genuine reluctance, departed, leaving bis two entertainers in high good humor pith thomaolves and things in genoral-: and . Alary came toiling homo, hot' and i'tsly, with an armful of parcels that she had insisted, on carrying' herself, in time to .see him riling At full sp'ocd out. of tho town. Whcnshp 'teitofd by the" servant that Mr. Maeleod,' of EoogiT,' tlutb- been to) call, she .marched up to her bedroom witbpwl speaking, and felt strongly dis- poted tggy.' ' .. ThcntSfo, Lopel came, driving her littlo bas ket phaeton and a puis of Shetland ponies. Iter visit was very short, for eke had a great deal tqdo whenever she came into Abereorn, and this as her first appearance after a long absence. She had to speak to her devoted butdher, and in- guiroaftcrhis wife and his children, and to chat with sundry ot'uor shopkeepers, all of svliom she pftnsivcly patronised . in the way of business, Oitt'who waited upon her as she sat in her car- riiijc with eager assiduity, regarding her hot only 03 the great lady .of the neighborhood, but 'ns tho most alfubla " that ever they had to do with." Nina, wattiiirig hoi royal' progress up and down the street, bogan to fear that she was not coming to flic bank at all ; but tho littlA woman ran up Ik) stoop staircase to tho cheerful drawingroora, is timo for twenty minutes' brisk clint and a cup »f tea, and left the Hamilton lauios as much pleased, and, as the mother expressed it, " re freshed",, by her congenial society, as. they ha-.l been by'lier brother's a few days before. She was profuse in her praises of -tho now chintz and cretor.no, ancl sympathised cordially in tho con demnation of the lato Mrs. Butler's taste — "only, poor thing, she never went out of tho cdeny, JiardJy out ;of , Aberyarn, you know ; sho had no cjiauco of seeing anything bettt-r." Mrs. 'Hamilton smiled screitsly, feeling that there waa a special bond of union between Mrs. Lepel und herself, who had toon better things, and were acquainted with tho babita and customs of the great world. AVhen their visitor departed, Mrs. Hamilton and Nina, true to their little codo of etiquette, remained , upstairs and mug' the bell for the maid- of all- trork to open the Jour,' an intimation which tf.ot damsel, a native of Aborcorn, never properly , comprehended ; but Mary ran down to tho. liall to lot. her friend out, and into the street to help t;r to tttok .herself into' hir' carriage eohifort- r.lily, ' 'I " "Dear child," raid Mrs. Lepel, patting tho girl's beautiful shoulder as she stooped beforo her, "I am so glad to. see you again! Mind you come and ecb mo soon. " And sho flicked her . little ponies and rattled -away,' bowing brightly from sido to eide in acknowledgment of the beam ing faces watching to seo her go, thinking to her self that, if Bon was fated to'make a fool of him self with " those people,'-' it ' was a blessed chance that led him tochdose the one member of ' the family who' had, any cla'm to be called a lady. ' Mr, Butler hired u bug'gy, and drove his sister and his oldest niece to Wattlcbunk to return Mrs. Lppcl's call, as soon us Mrs. Hamilton's tcn3o'of what was proper permitted (Mary, to her bitter disappointment, was not allowed to go, booause.it "looked absurd to see a whole family curling itself about, tike cheap excursion puople," Nina said) : and this expedition, on which they sot forth .with somo elation, was not so satisfactory as it might have bcoD. . Wattlebank was' a charming country house/improved and roliued out jOf. nil likeness to its former self; and, upon heq arriv-.d, its ex-mistress found her self- by.no means so cordially welcomed us 3he had expected to. be. Tho little party was shown ' into a. room and lett to wait,1 with nothing to amuse thbin but the sound of merry laughter from a lawn whero a number of people were playing Badminton ; und thon Mrs. Lepel came in hastily, in garden hat, with her racquet in her hand. She sat for about half an hour, talk ing small talk, pleasantly, but with an abstracted air— her husband, whose loud and lordly tones were distinctly audible irom . tuo garden, not appearing at all; and then, when .Mis. Hamilton rose, she . exclaimed, "Oh, must you go?" and said good- bye cordially, hot with obvious relief. All tho same, the two Ladies returned to Abercoi n full of delight with their visit, apparently : and Mary, for the first time, was shy about asking if Mr. Jlac)eod4ad been there, yet thought he must have been, if it had been so pleasant. She met her lover at last, however, to the great satisfaction of both of them. One afternoon, st about five o'clock, when sho bad been busy U day helping tho. maid-o;-all-work to clean tho numerous hank windows — her mother and sister being conveniently . engaged in repaying tho civilities of .some out-of-town neighbors— tho pnt on her hat and set off for a -Published by epoclal arrangement with the author. All rtghta reccrvcd. v" ' » ... "long solitary Walk,' taking tho road that led to iBungil as . tho shortest routo to tho open country. About half-an-honr later Mr. Maeleod mounted his bono to rido into 'Aborcorn ; and thoy consequently met — under particularly happy circumstances. Tho man was jogging along meditatively, in the lovely early summer aunset light and stillness, thiuking- ovor a design for a new slicepwash that ho in tended to have before another year— the girl had paused to lean her arms on the top rail of a fenco to look nt the sky and wonder what Oaptnin Arm strong was doing — when thoy became aware of each other's presence. " Oh, is it you ?" cried Mary, with unmistak- ablo welcome in her surprised face and voice. And, " I thought I couldn't bo mistaken in your (igure," said Mr. Maeleod. And then they stood sllantly for a few seconds, clasping each other's hands, while the horse put his delicate velvet nnso over bis master's shoulder and sniffed at them. "I thought I was never. going to see .you again," said Mr. Maeleod, looking her over with critical, satisfiod eyes, and thinking that if Nina's diaphanous raiment was elegant, this nn3tarcliod brown holiand was classic in its refined simplioity, clothing the noble shape that never seemed more nobletban now. ' " Tell me what yon have been doing with yourself nil this long while. Oh, doesn't it seam along while?'' "It does," said Mary, simply. "Bnt l havo been very busy, without much leisure to think of it." And then they turned and walkod along the empty road, together ; und she gave him n tolerably detailed account of what sho had done since she had seen him last, and of her impressions of Abereorn. "I am very busy," she repeated, contontodly. " We have only ono servant, and I can help her in So njnny ways that I never need to bo idle. I do most of tho cooking, and I trim the lamps, and I iron. Nina's fine things, and I, mend Undo Pctor's socks, and— oh, loth of things ! I- like living with, dear- Undo Peter so much bettor thin' being" at Edstwold. .But I'm afraid— X can't help bring very much -afraid — that wo shall be a great expense to bim, no ihattof whnt I do to help." ' Then they talked of other subjects. Mr. Mae leod told her bow he had been to town, and had hunted up tho Dubois children ; how ho- had found them tolerably well and happy, their father having got. employment at one 'of the theatres, which brought- him in enough to support them comfortably; " And I fancy1, by tho lookof'tblng3i that they'll bavo another mother before long," said he, lightly. - " There was a strapping young woman on a visit to their lodgings when I was there— a ballot-rirl, or something of that sort — and sho was feeding the little brats with lollies', and lie was very attentive to her." "What!" cried Mary, in indignant, horror, standing ntill, nnd looking at him fixedly, with tragic eyes. " Oh, tho wicked, heartless, inde: cent bruto 1 To think of thoso pour, dear littlo creatures — worse than orphans fifty time3 ! To think of that poor, sweet,- patient sufferer, who slaved and died for him— only a few weeks dead ! Mr. Maclood, what did you say to liim ? Didn't you tell him bow wicked, how terriblo it was?" "No," said Mr. Maeleod, smiling a Jiltle. "I didn't think that wns roy business. And, besides, I rather liked tho look of tho girl's face— an honest, sensible, wholesome face it was, though tho paint hadn't improved it. Stio looked as if she woukl bo kind to tho kids, and mayhe.it will be a good thing for them if ho marries her." " Oil, to think ofit '.—so toon ns this !" " Soon I If ho doesn't want to wait for love of his wifo, why should he wait for the mere look of tho tiling!" It is for love of his wifo he should wait— wait always," said the girl, passionately, " But ho never lovod her, of course." " Ob, T don't know that I would say that " " People who bavo lovod properly can never want to lovo.a second, time, " said Mnry, almost defiantly. " ' "How do yon know? my dear,' you haven't . lived long enough to bo so certain about anything —least of all about that." "I know what I feel myself," she said, still speaking excitedly. "I can't imagine anyone loving a second timo." " Child, don't say; It— don't be so terribly posi tive.'" I . " I do say.it." "I hope you will live to find yourself mistaken then." " How can I bb mistaken ? A woman can Lave :but one trite mate." "But It isn't nlways'an easy' matter for her, to identify him," said Mr. Maeleod.. - .... ; . Neither of them were thinking any more of : Mr. Dubois and bis late and futnre wives. Chapter XII.—" Exoem ose Persox," From this time Mr. Maeleod and Miss Mnry Hamilton met very frequently, and were mora or less "talked about" in connection with one another. They met accidentally on lonely roade, the girl, being an - energetic pedes trian, usually taking her walks abroad by herself,' and tho man riding about the country, apparently for-no other purpose than to look for her; and. great was the sensation when they were observed by passers-by from Abereorn, sauntering comfortably along tho roadside to gether, absorbed in confidential talk. Then Mr. Maeleod was seen about tho streets of tho township,- us be never usqd to be seen in tho old . days, beforo his trip to Europe (when be was thought to bold himself too much aloof- from these who, if not landowners, were niyn and ! lirbtheis, and quite as good as he); nnd it was noticed that his horse was htm g up at the hbtikiribro qfton than wis consistent with the theory of business engagements.. The young bauk and Government clerks used, to stand on tho - other side of- the -street and stare up at the dmwingroom windows when lie was there, and could not- believe but that he was " after " their golden-haired paragon of perfection, and merely using t'ue sister as a go- between. An impression, by tho wny, that was shared by Miss Nina herself for n considerable length of time. Then the owner of Bungil— who had crowhile restricted; himself in the enjoyment of his social pleasures to a particular sphere, lying wholly outside the range of theso entertainments— appeared at - the littlo parties and musical, evenings, that .were so much in vogue in .Abereum, liuving, it was presumed, previously ingratiated himself tn nil altogether abnormal manner , with the hpads of tho house- - hold in.which. hospitalities were dispensed. As . be. had ricvet teen- seen amongst them in this familiar way before, tho Abcrcurn gossips were n good deal agitated, and set ihemselves to find out the special strong reason that must have induced him so to break through tho traditions of bis family, and tho reason waa not far to seek : it lay spread out before their very eyes, so tbdt'a child might see it. At first tbey were only certain that it-was one of the Hamilton sisters,' and could not make up their minds , which, - Both would brigtiten up when he entered the room ; both would -look at him expectantly. Nina would blush and smile, and look' conscious and coquettish ; Nina nearly always was "the first to speak to him, and would call him to. her side if she had tho chnnce, and Nina, in everybody's estimation, wns tho natural choice for a man liko him to make. But always he drifted toMnrysoouer or later, an J always Mary received him with a quiet, bright contentment ; and though, more often than not, tbey did not begin to talk imme- diadely, there was . that in tho look of them when tlioy subside! together, on ono sofa or on contiguous chairs,- that indicated to anybody possessing a grain of intelligence that there was a bond and an. understanding oi some sort be tween them; .Finally, the public mind wns set at rest by the, fact that lie bad been hoard, to ad dress her as , " dear" — and in a whisper too — when helping her down the churchyard steps after service on a dark Sunday night. " Tako : care,' dejr," .ho had said. Mrs. Jones was close - behind him, perfectly satis fied in her own mind that he had not come all the way from Bungil to attend eerviee at night— and a wet night too — for the first time within tho memory of man, for a proper purpose, and oho ; heard bim say it with her own cars ; and ap- : patently the girl was accustomed to hearine him,' call her " dear," for. sho made no protest— sho just went down the steps cautiously, holding his band, and on reaching the footpath took his arm and walked off with him iatberftin, with ber bead under his umbrella, " as hold as you please.". After this, Mrs. Joneo, who was the strong- minded wife of a solicitor, and tho mouthpiece of public opinion in Abereorn — or had; been, rather, before Mrs. Hamilton's arrival — felt it lier duty to call at the bank and acquaint the deluded mother with what was going on. To those— and they wore many— who ; wore privy to tho mission, and who watched Mrs. Jones anxionsly when she- went ont nnd when sho returned home, fthero were dark indications that that powerfnl; woman -had not been so victorious in ber frienifly encounter with Mrs, Hamilton' as she was -wont to be in her many gcneroUS ' ifforts "to" act her neigh bors right and to regulate tho conduct of their affairs; but that her. , errand had been, in tho main, successful, was speedilj' apparent to all! In "the first place, Mr. Butler and Mrs. Hamilton. went alono to Bungil (the man st the hotel tola the Jones's groom that that was where tho single buggy, hurriodly ordered by the banker, had gono to, which interesting and' significant intelligence wa9 conveyed, through tho Jones's housemaid, to Mrs. Jones) ; and they did not return until " all hours." Then Mr. Maeleod, for two or . three days, almost lived at the bank, so constantly was he seen going in and out ; and once Mrs. Lepel came.and carried off Mary for a tefe- il-fcfc drivo in her pony carringe (which was a feature of the proceedings that nobody could understand) ; and thou, all at onci Macleods and Lepcls were seen no more in Abereorn — but only Nina, looking wretchedly ill and fross, nnd Mary, grave and pale, with that- determined set in her -mouth, holding her head up and giving herself aird; and Mrs. Hamilton, flustered in rannner, but smiling in face, going about telling everybody that Mr. Maeleod, of Bungil, had proposed to her youngest daughter, and was dying to have her, but that Mary, stupid child, bad rafdsed bim, whieh, as the Abereorn ladies said to one another," was a tale for the marines, and not for them. A long time nftor this— when tho Hamiltons had been more than a year in Abereorn, and pubiie opinion ., was quito- unanimous to the effect that tbey had attempted to "hook" tho marriageable man of tho neighborhood, and hnd failed— n mysterious oircumstance occurred. It was on the occasion of a public holiday and'n certain rac£ meeting, a few milos off, which annually emptied Abereorn of its inhabi tants. All the. buggies in the place, packed with gaily-dressed holidayma'sers and their well filled luncheon baskets, had been gone for some honrs; banks snd' stores were closed ; the streets were deserted, save that- here nnd there a servant peered out at a door or over a gate to look "for another servant to tali: to ; and Mary Hamilton, who had given up her seat in tbo family con veyance toy a lady' more anxious to go to the races than she, wo3 keeping houso with only an old maid friend for company, when. Mr. Maeleod camo riding into the" township andstopped at the Bunk of Australasia. . . Mary and her friend were. upstairs in thodrow- ingroom, very busy over some homely needle work, when the door' hell rang. The old maid, Mis3 Masters by -name, put ber head outof the window and recognised the aristocratic iinoa- meuts of the b oi so tied by tho bridle to a post outside. "Ob, my dear, I do beliove it is Mr. Maclood, o£ Bungil !" she murmured, -in: an awe struck whisper. Then Mary ran to the window and looked, down, with a flashed face and beating heart. " So it is," 3he said, with a catch of her breath. " That is his Lapwing. Henever allows anybody to ride her but bimself. And we have sont Jane out I .... My dear," what will you do ? " "I'll go down and let him in," aaid Mary, hurriedly ; and sho went oat of the room liko a flash, leaving her friend to . gather up, in ftantic hasto and excitement, oil the snips and litter that their unfashionable occupation had produced. . , Mr. Maeleod stood -on the doorstep, rapping his leggings with his riding whip. Tho heavy hall- door, with its complicated fastenings, opened, and Mary stood bofore bim, with an anxious, startled, wistful face— not a face of wolcome, but certainly not a face of roproval or reproach. They clasped ' hnndB silently, and looked at each other. " You didn't expect to seo me to-day ?' ho sug gested, with a littlo embarrassment. "No, Mr. Maeleod, I didn't expect to see yon at alL But to-day— to-day, fthought you would certainly be at the mces." "That wasn't why you stayed at home, was it?" "No. I stayed because there was not room for me in the waggonnette very well, and I didn't care abont it. But you are a judge or something, aren't you ?" "Only a steward. I have been to the races ; I have just come away. I shouldn't have gone if I hadn't hoped to see you; and when I saw you were not thre— then 1 thought I would come and look for you." - . "Why? IVhat is the use? It only makes everybody miserable." "I hg,d o reason for .wanting to Bee you to- day particularly. You don't mind my coming like this, do you?" -. . . "Only that mother is out. Nobody is at homo except Miss Masters, who is spending tho day wilh me." " Where is Mins Masters ?" " Upstairs." " I don't want to seo anybody but you. Let me come into the diningroom, may I ? Just for five' minutes, Mary." Sho hesitated, and then stood back a little, and . be came into toe ball and sbut the door ; and ' then they entered the dull and rather shabby little diningroom together. Neither of them sat down. " I am going away," said Mr. Maeleod, abruptly.- "I can't stand tLiusortof thing any longer, Mary, and I am going to travel again. Nothing wants me at Bungil, and it's too deadly dull and solitary living there all by xnyeelf. I've got sick of the whole thing, and rest less, nnd I'm going to, try n change. And I thought I would like to see you again before I .went." Sho stood bofore him, leaning against tho table, supporting bcrself upon the edge of it with her hands— an attitude showing ull tho lovely lines of her flawless figure to perfec tion, and he thought, as ho looked at it, and at her downcast face, that sho was the most beauti ful woman he bad ever seen. "I thought at least you'd like to say good-bye to me," ho added, ns she kept silence, with her eye? fixed on tho toes of his boots. " I don't liko it !" sho burstout, passionately : "I hato to soy good-bye. I can't bear you to go away— to go away like that, as if I were, driving you from your home !" "Well, if you'il tell mo to stay, I'll stay fast enough." "You ought, to look after' yotfr property and your tenants, and the interests of your country — a great landowner liko you." " I have a .splendid manager, and the be3t of overseers ; and I have uo vocation for politics." " And ar.etft there any girls in this world but me? If you would only make up. yoiiE. mind to it— if you would only 'settlo down and look out for a nice wife of your own rank— you might be so happy, if you would !" "My dear child," intorrapted Mr. Maeleod, gently, "you needn't wa3te your breath going over all that old ground again. Y'ou know there Is only one woman in the world fur me, and that I can't -be happy without her." " Yon won't try." " No ; I won't try. Simply because I know it i3 no use trying." " Haven't I »to try? And. it helps- me. If I. gave way as you do— I, who never have anything, though ; I would he 'content with so little— life would bo too, dreary to put up with. Think how it used to be' with you beforo you saw me ; and what ehancos a man has with money andposition and splendid . health . and strength like yours ! Mr. Maeleod, do try — to comfort me." "I v/ish you wouldn't always call 'me Mr. Maeleod," he interposed, rather sharply. " D on — I feel so impertinent when I call yon Don— Don, stay at, Bungil to work, and try to - make yourself happy) won't you? Let me help you .where I can ; let me be your frind, your sistor." ,l|No. I won't have yoti for a sistor. I want breud. I don't want a stone. The time for com promises of -that sort is long.gohe by. I must either have you as I want you, or I must clear oat altogether, where I can't be tantalised be yond all bearing as I am now." "I like you so much," said Mary, sweeping ber Vhandkercbief over ber shining eyes. I liko to- know you are at Bungil, even if I never see you. . I . like you more than I can say— though tho way mother and Nina are always nbqsing me for not marrying you would be enough to make , me hate you if you were anybody else.- ' ' I love "yon," sho added suddonly, "for it is more than liking; I love you better than any man in tho world, except— c,xcept one person." "Yes, except one person— ono shadow, one. ghost, ono dream. Are you always going to give yourself to'that person, Man-, who never comes, to ask for you — who will never want you as- I do?" " Perhaps he will come some day. If not— I.' cannot help it, but I feel that I must still writ for him. Oh, don't you see how it is ? Just as you can't help choosing ine,- I can't help choosing him. Ho is my first love — I think he will be my - lost, and I cannot marry anybody else. I wish I could — I wish I could." . " i He drew bor baud from her face, and -drew' ' her to him, as he stood before her, with hi; hack to the empty hearth. She made no resistance, but laid her faco oh his shoulder and wept there. " I will go away for a little while," he said gently, with an unsteady intonation of voice. " It will bo best for us both. But I will come back before long. And, Mary, if you think you owe me an.q compensation for what I am suffering far your sake, promise mo something that will comfort- inc." , ".What? I will promise anything." "To let me know all that happens — to let mo help you if you get into any trouble — not to shut mo out of your life altogether bocaiiso you have refused to marry me — to ' let mo be a sort of father and brother rolled in one, if I mayn't be your husband. Ton wooldn't lot conventional nonsense prevent you from doing that? I will give you my agent's address in London." " Is that all ?." she responded readily. "No, I wouldn't be afraid to do that. I would sooner tell yon things than anybody." Five minutes later, Miss blasters, leaning over the banisters on the lauding above, witnessed tbe parting at- the ball door. She saw Mr. Maeleod take the girl in his arms and kiss bor : and she. distinctly heard Mary say, as she held her hand kerchief fo her eyes, "0, Don, I wish you would not go!"-' ' ' Sho wished he wouldn't go ! And sho called him Don ! .Things were coming to a pretty pas3, thought the scandalised old maid. 