^il%ttUf)X$L THE TAKAEDA DISASTER. In connection with the witct of the steamer Tararua and the 'death'hy drowning of somsof '; te Kew ZealandAd*ii-T{ites'to^be'We3teyau Docference to be held iiere dnrin; the'preeaut ' veei ep^ciM snemorialrazvices were held at tha ?jrietstreet, .Archer-stret,^ end' Kent Tom JFeelejan churchee on Sunday, May S. PIRI&STREET; OaORCH. In tbe morning a memorial eervice wa? held jn the Pirie-street Wesleyan Ciiurch. lbere web a large congregation. The j.ulpit and organ and portion of the gallery were draped in blank. The ?ervice was conducted by the Rev. J. B. Stephenson, and a sermon .was preached by the Rev. J. WaUford, of Victoria, from the text — ' Let jour loins be girded about, and your lights burning, and ye yourselves like unto men tbat wait for their Lord when He will return from 'the weudine, xnat wnen ixe come^n anu knocketh they may open unto Him immediately. Bleseed are those sei rants whom tbe Lord when He cometh shall find watching.- Verily, I say unto i you, that He shall gird himself, and make them to tit do«ra to meat, and will ' come forth end serve thsni' — SS. Luke1 xii., 35 end -36. On tUese vcGids the re?, gentleman -based a very eloquent dboouise. He remarked at the outbef. that Gcfl spoleto ma'iindiu His word and by the various dispensations oi His provi dence. 'Souetimes He was net heard, Bud we would not listen to what; -God 'would tessb ns, and -then God ^did -with ' ns just whit We did with cur -fellow-men— spoke louder to us; and He had epoken very -loadiy to them during the last week with the .terrible disaster to tbe Tsrarua, vh-ch had filled our hearts 'with sorrow. He Bjijke lojoiy to tiie Mfctnbecs ?- :? tb&t; churca, »nd to the irembc -.j' of ? the coaterenoe, -aud t j the pScple of Sooth Anstralil, and was saying tbal t'ie MasteT was cojiiag. The rev. geutle iD»a,j3in:cd ont that- amongst tbe mauy uu ctiia'^itits witii which we -were 'surrounded tbe;e' was -one certainty, and that was, souner or Inter 1 all must die. '£hia being so it -was the duty of all to be prepared for. tha great change, and the necessity for this preparation WBStfll the greater -when it -was ramemb^rei ttat no one wuld iely on haviag time iu which to pfepare tor deatQ' when tbey-kne?r ic was approaching. - He exhorted - those -pr&SBDi; t-o remember the text, and to at once' plaee them EelveB in readiness to meet - their Lord at Bis ' coming. Beieuiug to the loss of tbe Tararca. he briefly -related the particulars of tbe wreck and its -disastrous contequence3. He said there were on bsard nre .dfclegEteb to the conference to be bold m Ade laide. Two of these %7ecei»ymen, and ef ttom be knew nothing bejoud that they were mem bers of the chuicta, and he truttad they weta men -walking' in tbe fear of 'tbe Holy Ghost. 1'wo tof the 'deiegstes -were -ministers of tlia church in New Zealand, 'one -being tae Bev.; J. B. faichaideon (President of the New ! Zealand Conference), who three year* ago wasoneofrthe delegates at the conferaaoe held in Sydiey. The other was tbe liev.'Juo. ' ArmitBge, who was editor of the New Zealand, ?Wesityan, and a minister of sbmeteveU yesrV Etandiug. These brethren' were greatly honored by these amongst whom they labored, aud were Uftlul instruments in the salvation of souls. One of the ministers on board they roo3t cf ? them knew; he knew him well. The people of that church ' knew' 'and loved the iRct. Joseph WaterhouSe. He gave ? a lew particulars concerning the life of the H.?v. Mr. Waterbouee, which had keej supplied by the :Kev.'J. B. Waterhcuse, up to too time he went to 'Ifiji,; where he was the fellow- laborer of tha Eptaier for a jear or two. He -eaid thit & -mcie devoted mitsionary than Mr. Wetor bousb never went farlh in the naois oJ God |to piesch the nnseaccbabie riches of Carisr. 'HZPOEg the Gentiles. He wse often in perils -among the heathen aadin perils on the set. p™ work in lriii would never be forgotten, aud many wonld xise op in the great day to thank Goditha: be went forth to preach tae glorious gcEpel cf the bletscd God. iieturniDg from Fiji. Mr. Wateihonee labored in Victoria — st Beeeh«i'ortlisnd£chuca — with much useful ness end great buccesB. At the last conference te k»b appointed tc the very important circuit of Sandhurst, Le being the chairman of tho SandbtuBt district. Ho epeac oqly one Sunday -in hjs new circuit, end on rbatocsisi«n he (the : fcptsker) was witn' him, preaching at the same ? cisoicfcte for d'Serent services. In the aoi^'w; -Mr. ^Vs-tEihoute preached at the Gjldcii-sijasre Ohnrch, rid ic the a\terncan he addressed the Snniay- Echool en the words 'Father »'id '?Mother.' and he could imasine how he 1 would speak to the children on those tiro magic ' words. In tbe evening Mr: Waterhoase preached ^at tfce Forest-Btrett Ouuish from the 'text, ' Behold I Etand at the door and. knock.' . He (tbe«peaker) kpew the deep impression that was -made un the minds of all who. heard, him J-y the soleinity of his manner and the earnestness of his aiipcal. Un the Monday he saw Mr. Water house juef before he left for Kew Zealand — compelled to Jearo his circuit in .order to . bring borne his. afflicted ecu, and twenty xlays afterwards he and his sen, together . with 110 more persons, found their graces beneath .the i-urgirg tea. Be refined to a praetioe of Mr. Watcrbonse io connection -with -the religions -training of his - children, -which lie commended to fathers-end -motherland' said that, two cr three days before the Tararui disaster Mrs. Waterhouae received a letter from ler husband, the clo3iDg-eeti.tDce of wnicbwan: — '? Each day take one of the children i-ito- yoar loom, and pray for them.' Ec faid it -was no ; wonder under the circnmctanccs that -nis . devoted d&Bghter-;,wheir»be heard o£ tharrcck oS ,the steamer, said— 'Surely my father, such s ^ocd man, and such r. good lather, ie saveu.*' Again rtftrriug to the)estrSunday atSntjdhurst, he (tbe speaker) -jireacbed st Forest-street church in tbemorning, -wht.-e Mr. Walrarhoavo preached in the evening, -and Etrapge as ic ap .pesv'd to him now,. be preachtd that morning upon Paul's t hip wreck. He bpoke thac morning of too influence x-i one gcoi man anywhere, in a tome, in a city, en a sinkiDg -ship, -and -he stated that the 3-ord said to Paul, '? I- have- givsn thee »U them that snil -with thee,' aud tbey -wei3 all vayed because Paul was there. He bad-been thinkiDg many a time since how to their dead brother and his companions -all on'bo.trd fiat siiiking tteaaier might have been given iu a 'timber tenee tben the others wura given 10 Paul Weitheuld probably inow uothing.tili the great dsy.cl what took, place on baitd tha uteamer dnring the last few hours, but he buew that just as their dear brother Draper bad preacUei - CLiist with bis ltieet breath to his sinking brethren oa i'ue- London eo would their brethren . on tiie Tsrama-t≪ of ? Jesus to those wbawerc dinging to tbe -wreck. On the last oce 15:0a . that he (Mr. Watsford) prerahcd.ia Sandiursl he gave out that gcod old hymn — ' God moves in a mysterious way Hie wendera to perform, He plrnte Hie 'footstepa in tbe saa . And lidts upen the storm,*' and 1 the whole of the words of this hymn, so applicable to tbe lsmentabie ercu-reuce which had, t'ktn place, were quite righ:. Gi 1 made so mistakes, and knew nothing abont accidents. Their brethren were in His hands now, acd they truttsr -with a harvest of eonls gathered xrom tiie iil-Iatci veteel, vteie ' before the throae of God ia Heaven. He concluded -with an earnest exhor talien to thtm to a j once prepare themselves «o meet with joy their Saviour. Daring tbe service 'Mr. W. B: Ciilncfer playe3 'Thecead march in Saul' in a very ;elfective manner. ' In tee evening the Bev. D. O'Donnell preached, also making allusion to the mournful dieisfr whiet bad occurred. The church was .densely -otowded. .... 