: tfoMist. , A TRUE STORY. ' V' ' | BY A COUNTRY ATTORNEY. CHAPTER XVin: 1 ' | Wb most do Hooky the. justioe of,. saying ' that his incarceration, of the banker was not the result of a deliberate plan; ' It'was done ?on the impulse of the moment, and must be , considered as'an evidehoe , of' something like' ' Napoleonic srenius on the part of the lawyer. It came on hi™ like an inspiration while . iphfiywas pleading for a restitution' of the ' jlundbr.™ , Hooky was perfectly aware that, ?once started on -a career of orime, retrogres sion was impossible. ' The' disappearance of . IPaffy, rmoraover, would benefit him in several ways. He was tho only witness of' .his first forgery, and the only 'accomplice in ' second.. Both seorets would be buried -with him. The faot of Puffy being non est ? iho ;very day after the accomplishment' of .a ewindle which noarly omptied tho coffers of ' the Slooumbranoh would lead auBpicion on his track. ' - The hue arid ory 'after Puffy- would allow tils lawyer timo to get to the coast, in disguise, arid ship for San- Francisco, or Honolulu,or some other equally safe asylum. ?The feelings of Puffy when he found himself .locked in the .strong room may bo 'more ?easily imagined than described. ' At first he( ?could not realise'the situation. He, thought the door had olosod by acoident, and, after eearohing in vain for the money, which tho lawyer had told him was in the left hand far corner, he called out to Hooky to open the '.door. To thiB there was no answer. . The sound of his own voice even seemed muffled and sepulchral. - . ^ ' The horror of his situation all at once ? flashod upon the unhappy, man. 'IBs blood ' ceased to flow, and it seemed as if Giant J)»Bpair had olutched his heart Then, all at once, the very excess of his f oajj lent him super human,' strength, ..and, he sprang to tho door, in spito»of the dar&noss;, :whioh . ,-was absolute land appalling and,,. seiz- Ing tho'handle tried to shako.it in-his : 1 frenay, but he might as well have attempted tb shake the 'Pillara of Herbules. He im plored Hooky to open 'tho , door, conjured him by all' that was . moat sacred in heaven or earth to let him ont. 'You oan do, what . you like With the mowy, ' ho exolaimed ; ' take'it all, every penny of it — only let me out.. , I'll take all, the blatne upen myself. Not 'a soul shall know you had anything to do with it. Oh 1 for God's sake I don't leave me to die in this living tomb.' Ko. response from the out side. , The walls wore thick and impenetrable to sound. The lawyer could' barely, hear the voice' of his prisoner; and a smile of satis faction lighted hp his face' as he thou'ghthow little obanbe there was of anybody outside hearing his cries for . help. ' ? * J, ' The unfortun'atebanker was now getting' '? -'desperate. . He yelled and'howlod 'at thetop ' of his voioe cajoling, beseeohing, threatening, praying, onrsing, and :blasphenjing in the same breath. : ? -,:In the meantime the' lawyer -was going on ?with his preparations for departure., He Trrotoanoteto ono of his acquaintances in the town, and mentioned oasually that he I wu going on a walking tour aoross oonatr y «s fat as the Killbogie railway -station ; and' that ha, mighfcjxiasibly go' on^ by- train, «ia far as Wagga, to pay his re cpeats, ha added joonlarly,' at- the shrine of the claimant Sir Boger. Tiohborne. 'He did not expeot to be baok for ii week or tea ' days, but business was not particularly brisk . at present, and besides hewanted a holiday. His next procedure waa to put on a grey wig, an old pair of trousers, a very atsrepuc able pair of boots, an oldwide- awake hat;' 1\. and, slinging an orthodox swag over his ?honlder, he salUed out of the baicK door,'the leu ideal 'of .an old swagmanr on ? the ?wallaby traok, with his tin billy and every-; ? thing complete. - 7 ' ? About 9 o'clock that night an old awag jnan might have been;,seen dropping; a letter ,. ' Wn iha Slocom Post Offioe, a oiroumstance not very remarkable 'in. itself; but it was ' «ertaittly a Teiy- ivmarkable oiroumstahce 1- ' that the pld jsw wnan; instead of making for' th«neaw»tpublfo-housebar,and;begiruiing to knook down hifl Oheque, if he had one, or loafing upon somebody for drinks if he had no money of bis own, sneaked*, out .of. the townVaa if £e,were, a orin^ial instead of being '? ^ho^ loafer iwU^fpr^wqAjMid'pray ^ ing that he wouldn't get it. ' Fortunately for Mr. Silas Hooky, the eagle ?ye of. Borgeaat. Nuilom. did not roat upon \- pnoh an erratio'sp^jimen.of.the.genustramp, 1 . jor he ifoild ,haye arrested hira upon ausploion of be^g to-^ tohe'.whplesomb. '? ? ' The! night .vfss bold and -the sky was ojrer ? oast with hunting blouds' Tvhldn -shot past, ?? now ohsourihg and now allowing to be seen, the oresoent moou whioh rode high in the b(«TWi tya oonwotiop, 'w» may, without any irreverence, call a 'lunar' at the , crimes and miseries, tho sins and sorrows, . the weakness and meannosa of humanity. ? , As Silas Hooky skulked past tho Commer cial. Hotel he looked askance at the moon' and, instead of blessing her for her refleototl light, he ouraed her. for an' infacusivo jade 'whoso rays 'were shedding too inuoh lustre' on his path. . But he passed tho .Commercial^ in safety ; . tho',. when he looked into the1 well-hghted bar parlour,. and saw. tho cosy fire, and heard the light laughter of some happy man, who, apparently, as yet,' was .tainted with.no deeper, orimq than drinking,! ho almoat wished that he could, obliterate .from the calendar the last two days — and he felt the .weight of the gold he- carried as a ourse. ' , . ... Soon he left the last, stxagglihg house .behind him, and, in ten. minutes more, a turn .of the road hid. from View .the 'last, faint, twinkling light of Siocuih. ?'* ,'f', ? | ; Mr. Silas Hooky was not much , given to moralising; but,. aa. he trudged along, tinder coVer.of tiie darkness, it seemed to mm that the force of oircumstanoes had hurried him into the perpetration of crimes whioh he had never contemplated. If it had' been sug gested to him twenty-four hours before' that the mnrder of Jtruiry was neoessary to the sucoesa of his acheme, he' would have rejected .the murder and' the forgery at the same time; '. But the first f also. step being taken the second jv as a necessity, of fate.1 At: least sohe iargued. It was hot so much his fault : as his 'misfortune that he had beehcompelled toHoMPuffyin'a'livingtomb.' ' ! Then his imagination bcigan to run. riot on the possibilities., of pursiuit. Everything whioh seemed' so safe when he left Sloouni now. appeared surrounded with uncertainty. Already he piotrired to himself the discovery of Puffy, and ho started at 'the melancholy ory. of some night bird as if the hand of justioe had touobed him on theshonlder. ' ! He pressed' on for about six miles along the, main road without meeting with any thing to' induce him to oh'ange his course, until his sense of hearing, quiokened by apprehension, apprised him of^the vibinity of | an enemy. ' 'Any thmg; how;ever innocent, ' I'yras. in hU 'present state r of . mind, to be shunned;,, ana) the' noise whioh procoectejl from.' the awkward motioris. of a hobbled, horse grazing on the roiid indicated to him the 'presence of something to be avoided. A. few more steps and his eye caught ,the gleam ' of a oamp'fire. ' A' tilted waggon by the isido of the road j two men seated oh boxes, eaoh with a pannikin 'of tea in his hand; a delectable' savour of grilled steak— and Hooky began to feel that he' was hungry, and cold, and wet, and miserable. He longed to go up to that oheerful ; fire, and ' he would have given a handful of the gold for whioh he had risked so muoh to be able to go boldly into tho light of the camp; but he was doubtful of his diagmGeJ and the recolleotion of the imprisoned Puffy drove him away. He olimbed over the fence, and, Bhunning'the main road, struok aoross the paddock, with no very definite idea of where he was going. His main' idea waa to get as far away from Slooum as possible. He had not gone far ih this new direction when he heard. a noise behind 'him like the thunder of a charge of cavalry. Being unable to see anything he pictured to himself fresh horrora ; but when, as the : sound became louder, and he felt the earth tremble beneath him, ho also, at the same time, began tb see emerging from' the surrounding ' gloom a - dark mass whioh bore down . upon him, he reoog- ? riised that'he was an objeot of attraction to a mob of wild oattle. Huge, shaggy forms were darting back wards and ; forwards,- hero and' there, now appearing and now disappearing in the un certain light. ~ He could almost feel their hot breath upon his face)' and the excited breathing of the startled animals was dis tinctly audible. ? - ? Hooky was not by any means a timid man; but he was : totally unaooustomed to cattle, and suoh attentions from a mob of infuriated animals waa anything but reassur ing. He devoutly wished that he had atuok to the main road, in spite of the possibility . of pursuit; and it is even doubtful if, at that moment, he would not have gladly exohanged positions withPuffy. The tossing horns and . fiery, eyes and shaggy fronts...oame. ^nearer and nearer. Bight in front of him he could see one hugej wild-eyed 'fellow, 'who' pawed: the: ground and shot out hia huge, red tongue and bellowed like a veritable Bull of Bashan,' while as far as he could see over their, baoks inthe' dim moonlight, and extending to the light and left, was an angry sea of tossing horns. ? Hooky faced tho living wall, and walked baokwards step by step, andwhile heretreated the oattle came steadily ott— but ever gain ing, little, by. little. At length it ooourred to Hooky to do what? he should have done before. He gave a terrifio yell, and, swing ing his Bwag in one hand and the tin billy, in the other, he oharged right at the middle of the. line. It:. broke in ah instant, and, ' dividing to his right and left, ! two fiying masses disappeared in the: . surrounding gloom. Hooky now walked on briskly, but he had; not proceeded more than a hundred yards when he hoard, tho thunder of . hoofs . again, and in an -instant ho ., was a seoond. time ; surrounded by the same mob, who were either more ourious or. less timid than before. By this' time, however, Hooky had got lised to them, and, in faot, rather liked their sooiety as being better than communing with his own thoughts; He, therefore,, walked on Blowly, conversing familiarly with hia body' guard,' whioh accompanied him right acrosa the paddook, jocbaaionally disappearing vath a rush when startled, to re-appear again more* ourious than ever.' At length, getting tired of tte aocompaniment, Hookey made another rush at the foe, who disappeared almost . ' as preoipitately as did Hookey himself, for the .lawyer, not taking , notioe of where he was going, plunged head first into a drain,' and after , some frantio struggles in the liquid mud, 'brawled out at the other side, more effeotually disguised than.if he had donned the entire wardrobe at .the disposal of the Corps Dramatique, or the Chamber of Horrora in the Waxworks. ' CHAPIEB XIX. Aitnotron Tom Parchment did ? not 'feel particularly anxious to leave Slocum for a week or so ; yot 'his 'intended trip to Mel bourne, at tho request of .'Mrs. Hardgrovo, was not so distastoful as it might , haye been. Whethor this sudden satisfaction was to, be accounted, for :by tho fact that Mrs. Hard grove 'and Poliy' Walkoi had'-significd their intention of accompanying-' him, has never boon revealed. '? i . Writers of fictioit aro too muoh in tho habit of assuming to themselves the power of reading, the most sooreti -thoughts and inten tions, of tho; oharaoteia they, depict}., but where a plain narration of facts is requisite, all tuoh assumptions are manifestly out of place. ' All that tho writer of this . history can vouch for is, that the two ladies mentioriod, were going to accompany Tom Parohmont— , and that he did not look unhappy.', i / i , It may bo as '. well 1 to - state that Tom,' -after he: left Slooum- on thorboca-, si^n, first, mentioned,' had sought,, and obr1 tained, the position of confidential clerk to | a . very respe'otablo firm of . solicitors, : who ' knew his'yalue, as he had learnt moBt of his | law'in thoir office. Hu salary wae.^BOO a I year with » prwpectife At had to bo at tho office within a weok, it suited him just as woll to go down now. His; first duty waa to secure a box-scat for the! ladies, whioh ho did by the judioious ex penditure of half a sovereign. ?, Among tho passengers was a tall, black whiskcred, ferocious looking individual who swqrri'at the grooms, cursed the horses, and anathematized all and sundry. Ho seated himself next to Tom', and began a lively con versation, chiefly about himself and his own adventures.. To' hear him, ono would have supposod that. 'his principal occupation : was , . murder ; and that he revelled in .blood for . the mere' sake of diver-: .sion.'-. In a belt round his wdist ho oarried .four rovolyers and an' indefinite number of bowie knives. He had shot tigera in India, lions in Africa, and had, single-htuidbd, Cap- tured piratioal jhhka'in thq Chinese seaa.' , It was.lus common oustcm to drill a given number of h'oleB through a given number of men per week while he was 'keeking for: re laxation in San Franoisoo '; and all he thirsted for, now, was , to haye a brush -with thb bushrangers of Australia. This 'harang^iei plentifully interlarded with strange oaths of fearful and .wonderful construotion, had an obvious 'effect upon 'his fellow-nasssnirehsl He produced a still greater effeot when' he pulled from his breast-pookot a huge flask of rum and, after helping himself, passed it onj beginning with the ladies. As none of the passengers' availed themselves of his offer hq took it as a personal insult and began to be abusive. ? - ' ' Among the passengers was a slight, quiet man, who apparently had weak eyes, for he wore green spectacles. To this gentleman the fire-eating stranger especially addressed, himself, possibly because he was the smallest man of the party, ' \- The little man had, up to this point, been a listener. « ;, ?Our bellioose hero now turned- on him fieroely, and, twirling his moustaohe with one hand, while he handled a revolver with the other, ho asked the unoffending traveller ' what he meant by sneering that way ?' ; , To this the other replied : . / : 'Far be it from me to Bneer at suoh undoubtedly accurate accounts as you have given ua of your wonderful adventures. . On the eontrarv. I congratulate mvself, and our entire company, on having suoh a proteotor.: Tour fame is not unknown to me, for, if I do' not mistake, I am addressing the- renowned' Captain Blometite.' ' ?. «?' That ia, indeed, my name,' aaid the awaah-buokler, graoiously , handing hia snuff-' box to his fellow-traveller; but I was unaware that my fame, such as it is, had spread to this remote quarter of the globe.' : . ' Suoh .virtues aa youra are not easily hid,' oontinued the little man. 'The trump . of fame whioh has handed down to our day the wrath of Aohilles, the labours of Hercules,' the feats of King Arthur, and his Knights of the . Bound Table ; the adventures of. Amadis de Gaul, and of the renowned Don Quixote, de la Manoha; the viotories of. Pantagruel, the son of Gargantua, tho son of: Grangousier, over the DipBodes, will not fail, to enlighten future generations upon the merits of the most renowned Captain Blome tite.' ' ' 'Sir,' returned the oaptain, 'I am proud to meet a gentleman 'of your good sense, and I regret that under a misappre, hension on my part, I spoke to you jiist now. intorms you so, little merited.' ; . 'That is a matter of no consequence,' replied the other ; ' your presenoe makes amends for any little roughness of snecoh. whioh so well beoomes your person, and Only adds additional lustre to your oharacter. It is probable that, before very Jong, we shall want your assistance. Although we are not very near to the haunts of the notorious bushrangers, .who have bo 1 long, kept the country in confusion, they often make raids ih this direotion, and it is rumoured that they are in the neighbourhood.' . ' Ton don't say' so,' oricd the oaptain, and his face lengthened considerably at the information. 'I thought this part of the. oountry was perfeotly safe.': 'So it was ..until quite recently; but I suspeot that the bushrangera haye heard that the famous Captain Blometite, is travel ling through, and they have determined to capture him.' The captain hero applied the rnm flaBk to his lips again; ana if his hand shook,! it must have been- from the motion of the ooach, whioh was just then on a rough piece of road. ' ' ? 'Ton are, of oourse aware, oaptain,' oon tinued the man in green spjotaoles,- ' that the bushrangers of Australia are a ohivalrio race ; they have at least adopted the armour, if they have failed to. copy the graoes of the knights of the middle ages: and if you meet with anyone clad in complete steel, with 'an iron helmet on his head, you . oan draw out, your revolvers and shoot at' dhoe.'' ' ! ' But ,d^-do you think there is any ohanoe of meeting these .bloodthirsty villains,' inquired the captain anxiously.' ; . ! _? .'.I am, rather afrmd of it,' was the_reply ; ' in faot, within a . mile of where we .ohange horses, ono of the gang. was Jaien. the', other day, ao that' I should ad vise, you to look to your arms.' . r . i ' .The information thoy had just received caused no little' , consternation among tho passengors 5 and Tom Parchment- was about to suggest that the ladies should go inside, /while tlio revolvers, of which tho captain had four, should be distributed among tho men, whon tho hero of the green spectacles slipped a note into his han^, which mado him change his intentions. » , Tho captain, howovor, handed over the four rovolvors to the littlo man, who, after carefully examining all tho , chambers, dis tributed them ; giving ono to Tom, one, to the captain, ono to another passongor, and rotaining tho other himself. . . , CHAPTER XX. ' Thb driver, who had been an attentive' observer of the' little episode just related, showed oonsiderable indications of perplexity in his face ; -however, he said nothing; but' drove on, and in about half-an-honr pulled up at a decent . looking roadside publio-house, whioh was 'dignified by the name '.of the' Travellers' Rest-Hotel. 1 ' 1 ' ' \- The boaoh'/ohianged. horses here; and rer mained abont a qnarter of an hour fer refreshments. ' ; - i. The fire-eating oaptain was himself agaiq. Ho had eaten and' he had'drimken ; and once more the old Adam was in the ascendant. The potent - whisky of the' Travellers' Best, ? dispensed by a pretty 'barmaid, had roused his- warlike spirit - to' the /sticking' or the shooting point. Perhaps he had received i some .private information from the barmaid^ Tvh'o was evidently struck with his perfections, I She may- have'., assured::: him that bush grangers .were unknown about the district, and that the only danger he , was likely to oxperienoe was from the arrows of die wioked little blind god, Cupid. ; .j At all ovents. Captain Blometite was roar ing liko ono of tho lions ho was bo fond of killing when ho sojournod.in Africa, , Who care3 for your paltry cow-catching bushrangers ?. Let them show thomselvcs now ' while ' thore is suffioiont daylight to draw, a bead . upon their cowardly , carcassos. What a miserable lob pf,roa'd scraping, iee- soupperrbrowsing,,, deok:swab», bingsonsof — ' 1 [;,V , f'Bail up !' said a deep voico on 'the larboard side- of tho gallant captain. - | ' Hold up yqur hand* I' said another ypjoj , tQ his right, [ ( 1 ; . ?: The captain looked from one to tho other. On either side of him was 'a strange figure covorbd with a horse cloth, and having on its head a sort of holmetmade out of an old noil can.'- .?:'.' -. ' All tho passengers had taken their placcs with the excoption of the ladicB, and' Tom Parchment1 and tho littlo man in green spectacles. , . ? ? ' i Tho valorous captain ceased his roaring instantly .'''Ho no' longer thirsted for: the blood of bushrangers;' ^Ho.1 rather longed for a quiet holo'wliere he could hido 'himself. Tho revolver whioh'- bo'-had boon' flourishing fell from his hand and: he looked as like a washed-out dish-clout as it ;is :possible-for p humian ' being to look.' The : btishrangor on, his right beckoned liim down froiii-tho top of tno coach, as Hamlet s father s ghost: beckoned HamletY; father's son from tho ramparts 'of ' Elsinore 5 1 and tho ' captain followed him, while tho glittering eyo ; of the . knight of the nail catf apparently haditlio; same offect'upon his -victim that' tho eye of the ancient marinor had upon the wedding guest. ; : v ' .; In 'the rear of tho establishment was a room that served as a 'sort of dead-house, whore drunken bushmen were 'bestowed to sleep off the effects of their debauch on bad liquor— when all their money was Bpent. Into this deleotahle abode Captain Blome- 1 tito waa thrust, and the key turned upon .him., ' ? ? ? - ? ? . V Upon the return of the first bushranger, he took off his helmet and revealed the: ferooious countenance of— the man in green speotapleB. , His mate Was no other than Tom Parchment'; ; and they were proceeding to explain' that, as Captain' Blomotite'a room, was better than his oompany, they 1 had adopted this mild Btrategem jto get rid of hiin — when two ominous-looking figures were observed skulking mysteriously round the oorner of the verandah. On thoir heida was the orthodox nail oan,. without ' whioh Australian . bushrangers never think of venturing into the' light of day. ' ' ' ' Ono of them oarried a huge weapon,, ?whioh looked like a fowling pieoe of Goliaith of Gath— if suoh had been need inthe days of that; unciroumPised Philistine,1 but : whioh, was, : in reaUtyj an abominable piece [of , ordnanoe' T^hibh ' the ? Philistines of sport oallB ' a 'duok- gun. This 'ftightful death dealing oontrivanee ? (which ? bears about the 'same relation to an ordinary gun, that '.Gargantua's mare's tail s hears ; to ' the caudal appendage of an ordinary horse); takes- for its usual oharge about five ounces rof ' pbwder, 'arid -r two— pounds' of shot. Now, as a modern breeoh-loader, . siioh ?'as sportsmen use,, requires: a oharge - of' about three drams of powder and an ounce of : ! shot, it will be seen that we are not exag gerating in our comparison, although we are assured by that careful historian, Rabelais, 'that the aforesaid Tnare (which ' was as big as Bix-elephants'), had a tail ' little more or less thsm every whit as great as the steeple of 1 Saint Mark.' - . . , J . . It is not to ho wondered' at, then, that 1 when : Tom Parohment saw this diabolical ;i contrivance, - with a tore threa ? inches in diameter, and a barrel tenfeet long, pointing ;! at him, and jvithin .three :feet. of, his breast, he should feel inclined to obey the commands of the bearer of this persuasive instrument, when, in a Bepulohral tone, rendered more hideous by the vibration of the tin pot on his head, he commanded him to — ''Bail up !' It is not to be Bupposed that '.Tom Paroh ment had any particular desire to have two pounds of buck shot lodged in his visceral region; and yet he could not altogether reoonoile himself to bailing up withont a struggle. He looked- at his antagonist, and Baw his eyes gleaming through' a slit in, the nail can with' that peon-; liar glare that always indicates the' ruthless and sanguinary marauders of tho Australian bush. Ho glancod at his com panion in distress— tho man in the green, spectacles. Seeing him looking steadfastly at' the corner of; the house, his eye3 naturally followed tho samo direction,' and- thore he ob served tho barrel of ariothor gun, with anothor bushranger behind it, who had as sumod tho usual and customary attitude which an Irish Land Leaguer assumes, quite naturally, when his landlord comes for his rent. ' ? . , ' But Tom Parchment was at a different angle from his friend, and, in fact, ho could seo a little bit round tho corner. It struck' him that the second gun had, a very ancient look; and, glancing along the barrel, his quick eye detected that it had no cap on, and that it was, in faot, deficiont of 'a nipplo. .This discovery made him^ think that pos sibly the gun pointed- at him had the same peculiarity; but ho 'found, on looking at it,' that it wag capped in proper order, and , that it was, moreover, at full cock. ; , \- The bushrangera began . now to be iim patient, and, with the most frightful imprp-. cations and curses, commanded Tom to turn: out his pockets -and hand over all his' valuables. ' ' ? . . _? . , ,. A third bushranger now made his appear- . ance, but he had no gun; and his duty 'was to do the stealing part of the business, while the armed bushrangers held the viotims covered with their weapons. . - ? ' Tom, .expostulating with the man in front of him, .asked him to be good enough to turn aside the iauzzle of his gun. :' !. ' My friond,' he said, 'lam Bure. you do not want to commit an unnecessary murder. All you want is the money, whioh; of oquirse,' you shall have. If your fingers were to Blip it would blow1 a hole through me as big as a bam door. Looking at it from' the point of view of the welfare of your honourable pro fession, unnecessary bloodshed is always a mistake.-' ' ' ' -'' ? ? ' : ' Bushrangers are hot, as a rule, very muoh given to conversation, although, in romances, they occasionally indulge in apeeohes as long 'aa'thdse'mth whioh the heroes of Homer's Illiad are oredited ; but it is always heat to stiok simple, plain.- facts,' and- what! the bushranger replied to Tom was simply : ? '. :'' Stow your gaff, and shell out.' But Tom Parohment^ had gained his end, for -the huge, gun was .of. suoh a monstrous weight that the villain holding it. was obliged ,to drop the muzzle for a moment I while ho ,took a resti . This was, Tom Parohment's opportunity ; i and, making a jump from! the box-seat, he landed with both feet fair , upon the shoulders .of his enemy.-, ...... :: The: shook sent the bushranger sprawling, and the duok gun went off with suon a terrifio . roar that the horses, took fright, and' turning suddenly, round snapped ono of . the swingle trees; and overturning, the boaoh, sent those of .the. passengers whdj .hadJilreadjr, takm* ; (Tobe continued.) , l ' CabIiVlb and His Dyspepsia. — In , his . ' ' Beminiioendeb,' Oarlyle telle how he: onoe rode'sirty miles to Edinburgb, ' to.obhsnlt a, dootor, having at last reduoed my. com plexities to a single question. ? Is this disease curabla by 'tnedioino f orris it sbroDioi in-, enable-! exoept by ^itegimen, -.ii;- jsyen ] so ? This qaeation I earnestly put ; got reBponie :. ;«.It*i^- all tobieoo^ sit,; /give-np^tobaoob.'., Gave it: instantly; and -etdoUy up. Foqnd, alter long months,. ;that I might as well have . ridden 'sixty- ipllei in the-, opposite' dirqotion, and pomed my sonows .into tho 4obg,'h*iry ear oi.the first jaoka^i I came upon, BB into tbii (eleot. medioal mm*# whojepww I|wUl \- | r 