SATISFACTION. BY JUTST CUATOXX. Anil I will pl»c« within them, m » jruMc, My " ViaimHU IJXT." TUB little oottage, called, by oourtesv, " The Parsonage," in Bolunda, is wrapped in ntUt darkness. savo a bright gleam of lamp light thai illumined the tiny, curtained window of the minister's room. Tho little township is at re*t, all the day's noise and broil aro past, and overy tired head is on ita pillow. Even the noisy jingling hotels are olosod-no light anywhere hut this glaring square, which, by its brightness, malces the dark night darker. Humphrey Gray, the minister, sits though It is past midnight-at his writing desk, his head supported on his hands, an open diary before him. As ho reads and turns the leaves slowly, the gravity o! his always grave faoe becomes more settled, mora sombre. By-and-bye Humphrey Gray lifts a lined, drawn faoe, wearily closes tho book, and in a few minutes Bolunda is all dark, So passed the young miniater'a last night in Bolunda. To-morrow ha leaves for a distant congregation, and the brawny, toil'hardened miners, u (hoy passed the Parsonage in the early morning on their way to work, wished him God>speed in their hearts. He was part and parcel of the place, they eaid; Bolunda wouldn't be Bolunda without hint. They didn't care for preaohin' chaps, as a rulo, but Mr. Gray was different. So they tramped along, indignantly anathematising the powers that controlled and whioh had ordored Mr. Gray's removal. He had been with them seven years] he had seen Bolunda grow from its infancy of tent and shanty to its present imposing maturity of cottage and hotel, and every rough-be ardod faco in the place was familar to him. He was loved by the poor for bis zeal and kindness. Over the mining portion of his congregation his influence was very great, and, though ho did not cffcct sndden ; and magic conversions, a few well-timed worth I from him had often reformed the most i inveterate drunkard, Tho rich sought his society anxiously, for there was a strange I mixture of prido and humility in his | character; bis manner and bearing were those of a pcrfect gentleman, and in a demo* j cnvtic community like that of Bolunda good i breeding is quickly seen and justly appro J ciatrd. Mr. Grny was accompanied on his journey I bj Fred Hathaway, a jonng overseer who wished to look up the interior grating grounds far intending purchase. When they reached the top of tho hill which overlooked the little mining township, Humphrey Gray turned his horse's head and stood some moments thought fully surveying it. While thus taking his silent farewell, a soft regretful look stole over his strong, proud face, and into his blue, iters eyei, The next day's summer sun poured its merciless rays on our travellers, who, wearied and uncertain of their route, rido here and there in search of the lost truck. " Well nercr got out of this dense bush to-day, unless, as I think, we aro in the vicinity of Brnyburn home station. If so, we're all right, and, as tho nags are done up, what do jou say to a rest at MUm&n;'s? Robert Milman is no end of a nice follow; hell bo glnd to see as. I wouldn't like to pass Brajbnrn, so say the won! Mr. Gray, and 111 find tho track from tho top of this big bnro hill here to tho right | I know it well, we camped at the foot of it on tho other side las t shooting season." Mr. Gray acquiesced in his qniet way, and Milman's station was reached in the dusky ovening, Young Hathaway was welcomed in tha homo circle at Braynurn warmly and kindlv. The reception of his friend was not leu kind, but they treated him with more deference. After Mrs, Mil man-who was an invalid -had retired, a tall, palo girl came into tho room. Mr. Milman introduced her as " My daughter Ruth." Miss MUman, ad Mr. Gray called her, (Fred familiarly called hor Ruth), was a swect-faocd girl with pale, well cut features, and thoughtful grey oyes; though hor manners wero quiotand unassorlivo aha loomod tho director of tho establishment. Mr. Milman continually appealed to hor on EDints in his conversation connccted with tha ousos, the gardens, tho horses, or ovon tho lat-ost European telegrams, Ruth corrected and decided everything ; yet, withal, was so unpretending, so feminine, that Humphrey Gray, by admiration of her, was moved out of his selfish moodiness and sorrow. Ho talkod to this quiet, grey-oyed, little Ruth as he had never talked to any woman in his life, and ho retired to rest happier for it, ire did not know ho was hapnior ; but he was so, for he did not take out tho great black diary and poro over it, or sit and store before liini for hours as had beon his wont in tho little Bolunda Parsonage, and weary nights long ago in tho sparsely-furnished student cnambor of his Edinburgh lodgings before ordination ; but ho looked out of the window up to tho starlit sky, and said softly to him self : " I will lighten my burden by some day sharing my sccret with saintly-eyed litllo Ruth, if I dare." Ho leaned ont over tho window-sill, the stars twinkled over his head, and the night owls moaned surlily among the distant trees a« ho murmured in nipt, rovorent tonos; " Delivor mo from blood, Oh God !" Fred found many excuses for prolrnoting their stay, and as Mr. Gray was not duo at tho icotio of hii new labours for many days, ho was glad to partake of Mr. Milman's genial hospitality, and enjoy quiet Iittlo chats at intervals with Ruth. 8ho told him with her serious smile that sho could not entertain him, sho had too many employments. Sho taught the two sturdy lads, Hugh and Harry, who wore now having holidays in honour of tho visitori. Thoy had never known any othor toachar, and Mr. Milman made it n ?proud boost that Hugh, who was only thir toen yean old, would bo fit to take his piano among tho senior boys noit year at scnool, j On tho third evening from tho date of their visit,* Fred ITathaway and his host being absont, Mr. Gray, who stayed in to write ho said, eat looking over a photograph album nt tho table, opposite Mrs. Mil man's inralid chair, while Kuth sowed busily nt a far nway window, Suddenly tho minister's face grow set, and a hunted look crept into his blue eyes. " Mrs. Milman, who is that pleaao ?" " That J Oh my poor boy," . "Mamma," said Ruih, in alow, warning Toice, as she laid down her work and caino towards them. Mrs. Milm&n;'s lips twitched painfully, her bunds clnspcd and unclasped the arm of her chair for a few moments, then alio laid back her head and closed her eyes, "Sho has fainted," Ruth inid, hurriedly, in a relieved lone. " Please go away, Mr. Mil man, and when she rccovon sho will have forgotten the cause of her swoon. You must not mind," she continued, reassuringly, " Don't look so troubled abont it. Mamma is very dclicato, you know." Pointing to tho bright, bojisli face in tho album, sho said : " It is my brother, my only brother, Archie, and he is dead. You know, Mr, Gray, I nm Ruth Lcsly. Many beside yourself make the same mistake about my name. I will tell you abont poor Archie's death after mamma has retired this evening. It is our one sorrow, Mr. Gray." Humphrey Gray reeled from the room like a drunken man. Strong agony gleamed in his bluo eyes nnd lined his while forehead. All tho horrid past came surging up again. It had always shadowed and menneinglr fol lowed him, Now it wm tugging at hia heart etrinjp, crushing and overwhelming him with its frightful horror. no walked unreadily down to thn creek-sido and leaned against ft great tree. Ruth had «at in its cool shade only yesterday watching tho boys row their tiny craft on the water. Ho had seen her from tho house, and he could not help thinking of it now-how pale and slight she looked in her cool white dress, and how carefully her seriuus grey eves fol lowed tho movements of the little laffs. He wanted to think of her as yesterday-gentle, sweet Ruth Milm-tn, tho brothers' guide and directress, the mother's stay and comfort, old Jiobcrt Milman's treasured daughter, and his own little love. Not as to-day-nut Ruth Lesly with *tern, sorrowful fsw, tending that heart-broken mother with thn terrible Ulo of a brother'* murder havering oo her Hps, Ruth Lesly with a great iinptvsaablo gulf of blood between them. Tho sun wont down at length, but tho last hottr of his shining brought furrows to tho poor pale face so prematurely aged, and streaks to tho wavj- masses already grey. Tho prostration of spirit and mental anguish hod been aore, tho struggle had been hard, but his great strength saved him. " I shall leave Brayburn to-morrow, and Ruth will know," ho said. " Got a headache! Well, it's been a roaster to-day, I know. Fity you didn't come out j we had flno snort. Ruth wishes to know if vou'U como uown, or take a cup of tea up here. She's as pale as a ghost herself-Mrs. Mihnan had an attack of hur illness this aftor noon-poor little girl! I say, Mr. Gray, I don't mind tolling you this," and Fred put tho candle down and stood hesido his friend, his bright young face full of eagerness and earnestness:-" I'vo asked Milman for Ruth to-day. I'vo loved her over since I first saw her three years ago, and I'm trying hanl to got rioh for her, but it's awfully slow work. Ruth doesn't know, and I don't want her to know yet. 8ho likos mo I'm sure, and I'm satisfied with that now. MilinnnVa brick ; ho listoned to mo right through, then ho said his little girl's happiness was all ho wanted, and that when Ruth would say Yes to mo, ho would bo ready to do his part. Now you sea why I oamo hero when wo lost tho track." As ho finished ho laughed awkwardly, ho was so surprised at his friend's silenco surprised and angry. " You'll have the t«a I suppose, if you're so bad as lhat," Humphrey Gray, haggard and weak, rose up and stood before him, and laid his hands on the broad »boulder* of tho young man. " Fred Hathaway, you are good and honest, and you say you love her j but do you IOTO her? Can you make her shd young lifo happy P Can you give hor such love as she requires? You know what sho isP Now, answer mo. Are you worthy of her ?" " Really, Mr. uray, yon frighten a fellow. Don't put things so seriously, and look so tragical. 1 do lovo Ruth I/caly with all my heart, and I will try to be worthy of hor if sho will hare mo." "Yes, my boy, try hard to bo worthy of her." " Dear old fellow, you look so ill; your eyes are dull, and your faee awfully palo. In for a forer [ would say if I wero a doctor. What will you Uke ?" " Nothing. T will eomo down by-and»byo, after Mrs. Milman has retired. My appear* anco might frighten her, you know. I'll oomo down for a cup of'tea when you'roat billiards, and all is quiet," " All riglit," A couplo of hours (Imaged away thoir j weary length, tlicn Humphrey Gray, with strong resolution on his face, walked flown to tho lighted drawing-room with tho black bound diary in his hand. IIo had hoped fo find Ruth there, hut she was not, find ho walked up nnd down tho room, waiting for her, with short,, dccisivo atopa, tho rigidity of hia mouth novur relaxing from iU expression of fixed determination of purpose. A girl brought in a tray with his lea and an apology from Alias Ruth. Hor mamma wished nor to stay with hor this evening, and alio hoped Mr. Gray's headache was better. He drank off a cup of tea, and, hastily <lo* faching a loaf from hia pocket- book, pencilled i -" Dear Miss Lcsly,-I leave Draybum early in tho morning. Why, you will know when {oil will have read what I loavo in your lands-tho records of my early life, Search them keenly but kindly, and when you como fo that entry do not reproach mo. It wm unpremeditated in thoughL and action \ it has haunted and embittered every hour of existence since. Do not you too riao up in judgment, against mo. Out of your charity nnd great gentleness of heart, think kindly of me, Rule Ruth, nnd my burden will not bo so heavy.-IIUMPnnEY GRAY." Mr. Gray guvo note and diary to the house maid, nnd charged her (o t«;ll Mina Lcsl^ that ho requested her to delay thn rending of them till the marrow, Thn girl dennrtcd, nnd ha found his way to the billi.iril'roojn, where tho bulls clieked merrily, and Mr. Milmau and Fred, in their shirt slccrcs, were excitedly chalking and scoring. " Going in the morning. My dear air, t won't hear of it. If you ro ill this is just tho plarc for you. Ruth s a capital nurse." " Mr. Gray," put, in Fred, as ho saw no sign of relenting on his friend's pale faca, " wait till Thursday, Do. I rnn't, go till Thursday, and I don't ilka the idea of yon doing thai eighty'mile journey alone in your priiunt form. But .Mr. Gray, harin£ courteously thanVcd his host nnd commissioned adieus to tho ladies, shook Fred kindly hy the hand, nnd went out to the stables, ordered his horse far his early ride, amended the stairs to Ida room, and looked the door. " I am a daughter of ETC, hut I can Ictiyc it till tho afternoon," Ruth snid to herself with her sweet grave smile. And in the afternoon when mamma was comfortably asleep, and all was <juict in the upper regions ] of the liau*e, she carried the book and little twisted note to her own pretty room, and kneeling hesidtt the window nil ablazo with sunlight, she deftly nrrnnccd the curtains ft* n screen, ami wilh a happy oipectant loot in her eyes, and the <milu defpening the currca of her lips', she o|un.:d and read. Hnlh read the pencilled lines again and again, and #oft compassionate tears stood in her eyes u tho Wgk Vbo Uiiokly'bouud black diaiy in her hands, bop slondor Angara on iU clasp m though reluctant to opon it. Sho lingered thinkingly sonio momenta oror tho fastening, then with a sudden tluih orimson ing her neck and face, she re-opened tho noto and kissed tho signature, She turned the leaves slowly, and read many pages with tho same happy smilo play* ing round her mouth, but won her ojea bo canto riveted on ono page. She read it ovor innny times, wliilo growing horror distended her eyes and whitenod her face. It was a pago bearing date more than fifteen years old : " 11th. Came to London to-day. Met two old chums, Tom Tillotson and Frank Criydon. Tom's going to have some fun with a young fellow whom I saw at the Club this morning, a soft-looking follow named Archio Lesly. Tom will put Frank and me up to tho lark to-night ho sajs. I am sorry I must take tho boat for Calais to-morrow. They want mo to stay, too. "12th, Am glad I caught tho boat, I wouldn't like Otter to havo soen ma last night. Poor old Ottorl IIo's so straight laced. It's too bad though, that, after all his lessons and kindness, I couldn't be a man1 ono dfty ont of his sight. " The besotting am of tho age ia drunken* ness. My boy, sot your faco agaiuat it," he nsod to say. I oonldn't help myself with thoao fellows last night, bat X am sorry for the part I took against young Lealy, I'm sorry I jibed him so about his riding-that was Tom's lark, I hope he won't remember about the colt. " 13th, Arohie Lttly ii dead, Thrown by Iht colt. Stay in Paris, *' This is tho telegram I reoeired this morn' ing. My God! How can I sit hero and write it P I am Arohie Lolly's murderer as surely as if I had plunged a knifo in his hoart, and my sonl is marked with the red brand of Gain. " It was at the olab, I could see that he was intoxicated, and grew fiercely indignant Rt Tom's sneering remarks, and when I challenged him about his riding (of which ho had ooen boasting, poor boy!), ne swore to mo thnt he wonld on tho morrow ride an unbrokon colt, ono that had never been saddled. Ho seemed awfully in earnest too. " Why did 1 touch the cursed drink 9 But for it I could never have entered into such an unmanly jest-, and I would not havo that poor hoy's dentil laid at my door. I have not moved out all day | bnt I will not flr from justice if I am sought. Sometimos I think I ought to go back nnd seek out a magistrate i then again, I am not tho only ono involved. If I only woro guilty I would at oncc give myself up. "An cyo for an eyo, a tooth for a tooth nv, and n life for a life. I hav? thought nnc > thought, still I cannot resolve, " 14th, * Oomo unto mo all yo that labour, nnd are hoavily laden, and I will giro you rest,' Thesa words cama to mo last night, and I knolt down and nrayed. Now, I am roady to go baok to England." They found lior in tho ovontng kneeling by tho window in hor room, a largo black BOOK clfiapod dose in hor arms to lior breast, prun ing. Tlioy oallort to hor, but sho did not answer them. She heard her mother's voice in tho next room, thon the veins in her throat swelled and throbbed, and great tc&Ta; filled hor eyes, bat she forced them back, and went out among them. Fred looked anxious about hor and oommnnioatod his fearn that Ruth was not strong or elao was overworked to Mr, Milmaa who said sho must ride and walk out moro, indeod the mast aooompany them on tho morrow. Tho morning proyod hot and sultry ao Ruth easily oxoused herself and promised to rido as far as tho Big Hill in tho afternoon to moot them on their roturn homo. Poor whito>faood Ruth rode out In tho warm aftornoon, away through the bush, not 1 knowing, not oaring, whoro she went. Sho held the rein loosely boforo hor and gave Uobta kin hc<*d. Away to ibo right fttretohod a donso bolt of sorub, in front tho Big Hill stood out bluo in the hoxa of distanoo while all around grow green shrubs and slender saplings. Mile alter mile Robin picked bis way over fallen logs and loose timber, sometimes stopping to munch a mouthful of grass in tho soanty shade of tho sparely* foliaged saplings, She was glad to be alone. Every facnlty ; was numbod with the intonse strain sho had pnt upon horself now she tried to think about it, A false stop of Robin' oausod hor to jork and almost loso hor seat; this brought hor back to her surroundings, and, looking about anxiously for the renaeEVOus, sho was startled to And that, no matter in what direction she looked, no hill of any kind waa to bo aeon, Sho knew aha must be far from home, for sho could soe groups of stray oattlo in the distanoo who bellowed angrily at tho sight of her. Seeing a great plain ahead sho rodo toward it. " I will stand in the ccntro of it," aha said, " then I shall bo moro easily soon whim they oome to look for me.'' ! She felt no fear, Her spirit was sore, and hor heart and consoionoo wero waging fierce war. Tho struggle was with her, aa it had boen with him, but she was only a girl, and she loved, What though sho had heard her mother ourso tho unknown slayer of her darling-wild and wayward, there* foro loved the more-and had in her childish heart hated the destroyer of thoir home, and of her mother's health. Through him Arabia had been cut oil in Tiis youth, and »» AU tin; yet she loved him, Sho said all this to herself standing in the centra of tho dreary flat far away from har homo, Sho did not think of her position, she thought only of this unnatural and ill-fated love of hers, and scalding tears dropped on Robin's mane. It vu almost sundown when she board a shrill ooooo, and Frod oamo galloping . toward her. " However, did yon low yourself like this, Ruths' Whatl. Crying 1 Oh, don't | cry, Ruth, or I'll-You'ro safo now, dear, j you know." They turned in the direction Fred had conie. " I suppojo when you didn't ico uj nt tlifl Hill you rodo on," " Did you not go to the Hill then f " No." "You'll be torry Ruth, about Mr, Gray, Poor old fellow I" "What about, him," she said, a little un* rteadily, "Thry'vc got him nt Ynnnip, dreadfully hurt. Thrown bv that beast of his, 1 knew it was dangerous by iU eve-what!" «. Kutli 1 Ruth i;r She did not faint, though her face grew white, and her eves closod for a few momonts. " When, Fred P Tell mo about it nlease," ehe. said, in a law voice. " Foor little girl! she's bo kind-hearted, and feels everything so much," said Fred to jiiinsclf, as lie rode dose besido her, and laid his hand on hers on the roin. " Wo mot Aneon, the Yannin boundary-rider, and he told tu that ho had found hiin yesterday evening near his boundary line, lying on the ground, his loft arm broken, and a nasty cnt on his head. He tm quite unconscious, and is io Mill. They've got him at Anion's place, liia wife is doing her best for him ., but as there is no doctor there yet, I'm afraid there's not much chanco for him," MUi*ve they sent for a doctor t" " OhK yea. If they had not I would have j gone Your step-father wantod to see him, and, an we couldn't both go, I came back. I'll go down to-morrow, Tortanata I did come back, eh, Ruth r" She answered him not a word, but tightened her rein and whipped Robin into a nwift gallop. Fred could scarcely keen pace with her, When they oamo within sight of Pray burn where, though it was only dnsk, tho light* woro twinkling in the windows, Bulb drew up. » Fred, ia it Anson's-that plaoo just below the creek-bends t" fihe had been (trying Fred could see, and her voice was fnll of tear*. " Yes, that's It, Ruth, Why t" " Because I'm going uow. You most not oorae. rioaao stay with mamma, it would be kinder, and, Fred, tell her ^o to road the turned«down leaf in a book alio will find in my room, looked in tbo tablo. drawer, Fred-" aho was crying violently now, " and toll my mother if I do not seo her again, that I cannot help myself, I can't help loving him," " Oh, Both I Oh, Ho&vena; 1 Do you love Hamphrey Gray f And I lovo yoa.' "Then if yoa do, yoa can understand. Make it easy for hor, Fred, ahe will havo | lost us both, Arohio and me, for I will bo aa lost to her, m though I were dead, I know," " Oh, Rath !" was all ha could say, a* alio rode away swiftly oat of sight in the dusk. When she reached the boundary-rider'a house, she asked to see her atep-fathor at once, Mr, Milman oamo from the aiok« room, shocked at hoaring Ruth waa thoro. " Papa, yoa have not ao much to forgive, Archie waa not your son. Listen, I lovo Humphrey G?ay, and though he never apoko a word of lovo to mo, I know ho lovoa me a little. Oh, papa, he haa suffered so much . and so lonr, let me lighten his aufferinga a little. It he moat die, lot me be now him," Before ho could reply aho had passed him, and entered tbo bedroom, A lamp burned on the table showing Humphrey Gray'a white face on the pillow, with a linen b&ndaga; > round his head, and where it covered too Wound a red at&ia; appeared. His arm . whioh lay across his chest was bound up in .nlint*. aa well aa the kind* hearted people about him knew how to do it. Mrs. Anson .at at the foot of the bed, and rose up looking sarprisod, at her ontrancc, but Rutn did not speak to ner or look at her, she saw only that whito faoe-white oven to the lipa -and she knelt down and looked into tno half* open blue eves, and apoko his name. Honrs and hours sho knelt there, all her yoang life ebbing frum her, as aho , listened to hia moans of mortal anguish, and, at intervals, hia incoherent wanderings, Thev were of school sometimes, Sometimes of that awful timo-tlmt day in London and. |ts terrible conaoqucnces. " I will give the service of my life to the church and my 1 fellow-croaturos, Otter. I will give my liro for the life I havo taken j but will my sacrifice be accented ?" lie repeated thia so many times, ana his voice was so pitiful in its intense anguish that they who stood around', -strong mon though they woro- wept, Ruth did not weep, Sho liatoncd to (ivory word with pulsoloss anxioty, for sho knew that soon sho would never hear his voioo r again. Sometimes ho spokn of hor, Now she knew how much ho loved hor, and with all tho desolation of ber life round about and before hor, her eyes brightened with pleasnira aa sho hoard. Then, again, it was of tbo timo when ho lay maimed and bruitod in tho bush after his fall, . "Tho same death. It is moot and just, Ok>d oinote tho rigid satisfaction- death for death." For a few moments before ho died, con* seiousness camo back to him. Ho rooognisod Ruth and looked at her with a look of such grateful, tender love from those blue oyoa, dark with tho shadow of pain, and dim with the nearnoss of death, that in all hor after lifo sho thanked God for it-for that ono look. 