POETRY. ?''..?-. ' ? =*— T-.' - A COTTAGE MEMORY. Jir thai for foreign country, (lie dream of old days And pU haunt* often bear me to Anthony Wiray's; The white little cottage filth nest crowded eaves, Peeping put half the .jear from an a,m 'busiL of leaves. And now once'againJ'1iave my footsteps been there. And have found it — deserted, dismantled, and hare 4 Except wliero the waU-flQW-'rq still cluster and wave On tile gable i^they now are like wall flow'rs an % grave. At that 'window, I thought as I passed through the door, Where the fete, suuhenm. strikes down the weed-covered floor, How often the sunlight and moonlight have shone Upon bright, livingjoces, that now are all gone. In the choice ingle- noak.itood no Martha's arm-chair, But a heap of dead leaves which the wind had swept there ; The low-talking wind that breathed thoughts of the time When y-mng voices rang round like a, holiday chime. And the hearth had become like a cold churchyard stone, Encrusted with mould and with moss overgrown, That had glowed through so many a long winter night, The heart of the cottage, a core of warm light. What talk and what mirth there ! what tales told or read To the children that listened in joy tinged with dread ! . A storm shakes the window ; they solemnly gaze On each other, and draw their stools nearer the blaze. Their fatliyr ia drowsy with labour gone through, And the deep satisfaction of nothing to do ; The woof of light sleep in its network has bound him, And home mildly shines through the mist that's around him. The mother sits knitting and smiling fond livatsts ; The check of the youngest shines warm in the blaze As lie rests liis white head on his grand mother's knee ; AlaB ! that these pictures mere phantoms should be. As ghosts of burnt roses clqud up from their ashes, Pise scenes from, the past in these transient flashes ; Thin visions, soon melted, which leave the heart sore, By half showing tiiat which they will not restore. Could it be that this Householi was gone, and for ever i The wood looked unchanged, and the fields, and the river ; Co-tenants of time, even part did these seem Of busing who now are b,ut shapes of a dream. The broad-leaved horse-chusnut my thoughts used to wed With those for whose shelter its, boughs seemed to spread, Pipped slowly in sunlight its fans as of old, But beneath, all had passed. ' like a tale that is told. ' Long I stood, and had no word of comfort to say Yet not unconapled did I turn me away ; Thank God for the. faith that is stronger than grief, The fountain that springs to the parched soul's relief The whispered assurance which raises and soothes, That these are the phantoms, and those still the truths ; \- And their trials and virtues, their tears and their mirth Not faded like yesterday's light from the earth ! 