SPECIAL GA.BLEGLIA.M -3. CFEOSI THB AGE.) LOXDON, August SL A destructive fire has taken place at the Paris docks, in which a large quantity of valuable merchandise was damaged. The value oT the wine and sugar destroyed is estimated at £24,000. Owing to the disastrons prospects of the harvest, consequent upon the heavy rain, the price of corn has risen greatly. At Sheffield, the quotations have risen 10s per quarter within the past fortnight. The German Government are again taking active measures for the suppression of Socialism in Germany, and a number of the most prominent of the Socialist leaders Lave been expelled from Berlin. September 1st. ^Leo HartmanD, the celebrated Russian Nihilist, who was concerned in the attempt on the life of the late Czar by blowing up the railway line at Moscow, and who eventually escaped to the United States, where a demand for his extradition was made by the Russian amhasa idor, has offered to turn informer against his former associates, and to reveal the secrets of the Kihilist conspiracy, if a free pardon be granted to him. Baron de Lesseps, the promoter of the scheme for cutting a canal across tlie Isthmus of Panama, IB experiencing great difficulties in the prosecution of his work, owing to the opposition displayed by the Government of the United States and to the trouble with his laborers. The work of cutting the canal is consequently delayed. Owing to the spread of fanatical feeling among' the Arabs' in Tunis and Algeria, and the hostile spirit displayed, the French Government have despatched large reinforcementsto the French troops in those territories. The-will ..of the Tery Reverend Arthur. Peniyhn Stanley, late Dean of Westminster, has bśen proved. The personality is sworn at £8^<KK). - • (FEOM THE AJŁGUS.) LONDON, Septemebr L The s-E. Protos, which left Melbourne on July I, with a large cargo of frozen meat, consisting of 4.085 carcases of.sheep and a qnantity^of beef, has arrived at the London Jocks. The meat salesmen have inspected the shipment, and have" pronounced the bulk of the meat to be in excellent condition hard and dry. Fears were entertained that some of the meat, through touching the Khip'e sidelong-ways, had suffered from the heat The freezing - machine worked splendidly throughout the passage.. The temperature -never exceeded 28deg. The meat will be sold at Smithfield to-morrow. Consols have slightly advanced, and are now quoted at 99 3-16ths. The Bank rate of discount, which was raised to 4 j)er cent-- a few Says ago, is still advancing! "A' ij • J ''•'".;{> The Union Steam Navigation Company's 1 steainer^jgiiton, Jjound from Cape Town to -Algoa Bay, struck .on the.rocks at Gunners Quoin Point, about 80'imles west-of Cape' AgqJhas. _Shej®ras.backed pff the rocks, but sank in deep water. Three boats, containing in all 27 persons, pnt off from the ship, and' one of-them-has- arrivedat Simon's Town, a small settlement about' 25 miles ' south of Cape rown..rXheXe£jb<of the passengers and crew, Jnakingon^lI^OO, were drowned. H- M. corvette Dido has proceeded:to the «cene of the disaster. Eighty-four 'persons 'who were-passengersbythe Teuton from England had landed at Cape Town previously _ -to the vessel continuing her voyage to Algoa Bay; * - The_ Geelong Advertiser relates that on Sunday evening a practical joke in the western end of the.tOwniifearly.haii a serious result. For some nights a figure clothed in white~has startled unwary-pedestrains in a eedain qosrter ol the town, and the more timid li ave .-not ventured a second time in the locality. Xhewhit^ /clad figure, which was either that of a young athletic man or a tall -woman,.again attemptedJwfrighten passersby, and a mau, who liad evidently determined to find-out'wijo. ihe practical gok<?r was, , made a Kudden dart at.; -the ' ifigure missed it' trippefl on as tone aud-fell, head, long -into .a deep cutting. The would-be- "ghost" Reaped, but not without a fright. Tfi'e'floh.- nV. śbone wiU^ neat year cel^bratfe'MB 'Parliamentary -j'ubilee. Elected 1 for Newark in December, 1S32, he will have served b'a 50 vears next December twelvemon 1 " . 1- i" been proposed to celebrate ." e o^os-' * ' y f'stival j 