The Fast Season. By Nemo. No. 2. Casting aside a few unimportant meetings, we next find the attention of racing men engaged by. the Spring Meeting of the Victoria Racing Club, which was one of the most brilliant ever held over Flemington. The equine war opened by the Melbourne Stakes, which so often gives a key to the more important events of the meeting. In the absence of First King, our crack, Chester, was made favourite at evens, and he von cleverly by half a length from Respite, and the pair were followed by Monarque, while the 1£ mile wan mn in 2.12)-. A comnarativelv email field faced the flag for the Hotham Handicap, a mile and a half and a dis tance, and Wellington, the coffin-headed son of Panic and Frou Frou, with 9 et. 3 lbs. up, just got home in front of Prattle 6 st. 9 lbs. ; the Pontiff 8 st. was third, and the race was run in 2. 53}.' Then came the Two-year-old Derby, the Maribyrnong Plate, which for the first time on record resulted in a dead heat, the inseparable pair being Welcome Jack and Lavinia, while Spinmngdale filled the vacant situation four lengths away, and was attended bv Somerset, Monmouth, Royal Maid, the Duke, Spectre, Baltic, the Israelite, the Gem, and Henrietta, and five furlongs were ran in 1. 6$. Next came the Derby, for which Progress was made first favourite, for what reason, it is hard to define, for he was pounds short of condition, and Grand Flaneur looked his master at any point. The eon of Yattendon made bis effort in the straight, and won with, fully 10 lbs. in hand from Progress, who was attended by Mulatto, fully 20 lengths off, and then followed Sapphire, the half-prepared Lord Lisgar, Heron, Orient, DougalstoD, Chatterer (who will yet grow into a race-horse), Rothschild and Britannia. Time, 2.44. The Maiden Steeplechase went to Gippslander, a four year old son of Smuggler, who with 10 st. 3 lbs, and Scobieinthe saddle, won easily from Verdi, 11 st. 8 lbs, who was treated to the usual amount of unnecessary whalebone that is accorded to beaten horses and Victorian Steeple chase riders ; Helmet 10 st. 8 lbs was third, and the stiff fences and the 2\ miles were negotiated in 5. 51. The Essendon Stakes was a farce, for Lothair bolted at the scraping sheds, and Western Princess cantered home alone. The Cup Day witnessed the greatest crowd ever assembled upon a racecourse in Australia, the fun conmenced by Orient, by Fireworks from Sunshine, winning the Maiden Plate, \\\ mile, cleverly from the Exeter, Heron, and three others in 2.44$. Seven went to the post for the Railway Stakes, and even money was laid on Monarque, who with 9 st. 10 lbs. up, ran a dead heat with the second favourite Dougalston 7 st. 12 lbs., and the 1 J mile was run in 2.14. Following up his Caulfield running, The Duke, by King Cole from Frou Frou (the dam of Wellington), won the Kensington Stakes, five furlongs, and the places were filled by Baltic and My Lord. Twenty three went to the post for the Melbourne Cup, but after enteringthe straight there was only one in it, and that was Grand Flaneur, who with 6st. 10 lbs. drew away with scarcely an effort, and won easily by about two lengths from Progress 5 st. 10 lbs., who beat Lord Burghley 7 at. 5 lbs., by a neck for second place. Lothair, 6 St., was three 'or four lengths off third, and after him came Rich mond 7 st. 12 lbs., Chester 9 st. 6 lbs., Auckland 6 st. 8 lbs., Martindale 8 st. 7 lbs., Riverton 7 St., Mata 8 st. 2 lbs., The Wandering Jew 7 st., Rivalry 7et. 8 lbs., Totalisator 5 st. 9 lbs., First Water 8 st. 1 lb., Napper Tandy 7 st. 1 lb., Secundus 7 st. 10 lbs. Rothschild 6 st. 4 lbs., Woodlands 8 st. 10 lbs., and Banter 7 st. 13 lbs. Darriwell 8 sk 7 lbs., was kicked just before the flag fell, and acted as whipper-in throughout the race, which was run in 3.34f .? La Trobe, by the Peer from Fortress, 7 st. 9 lbs., and Supple Jack, by Manuka, 9 fct. 5 lbs., ran a fair dead heat for the Darling Stakes, and the owners agreed to divide. Hildebrand, the handsome but deceiving son of Hamlet was third ; the 1J mile was run in 2.44. No less than 21 faced Mr. Watson to try conclusions for the Yan Yean Stakes, and the New Zealand visitor, Camballo, was most in request, but he failed to dis tinguish himself, and the places were filled by Prattle by Talk o' the Hill from Majesty 6 st. 12 lbs., Master Avenel 8 st. 6 lbs., and The Pontiff 8 st. ; and tho mile and a half was cut out in 1 .45. On the third day Sir Peter carried 9 st. 7 lbs. to the head of affairs for the Hurdle Race, boating Sarchedon 9st. 8 lbs., Nimrod 10 st. 10 lbs., and a fine field of 13, and the three miles were done ia 5.38|. A shade of odds were laid on Progress for the Royal Park Stakes, 2 miles, and he won rather easily from Lothair, Wellington, Sweetmeat, Martindale, and Mata, who finished in order in 3.41. A numerous and brilliant neld went to the post for the Flying Stakes, and Welcome Jack, the fine strapping eon of Bethnal Green and Colleen Bawn, with 6 st. 6 lbs. in the saddle won very easily from The Duke 6 st. 6 lbs., Spinningdale 6 st. lib., and a host of others, and the six furlongs were spit in 1*17. Tho Spring Handicap went to New South Wales through the instrumentality of the Pontiff, by The Drummer from The Nun, who with 7 st. 10 lbs. up wore down Napper Tandy 8 st. 4 lbs., Morning Star 6 st. 10 lbs. and a e;ood field, and the 1£ mile only occupied 211. The Oaks was regarded as little better than a mutch between Sapphire and Western Princess, and the former, who is'a daughter of The Drummer and Amethyst, won a rather uninteresting race from Constant; and after ihe last named came Western Princess, Britannia, A.B.C., Eileen, Judith, and Mirthful, and the trip was done in 2*49 J. The Veteran Stakes, 1£ mile, went to Soothsayer, by Kelpie from Pauline 6 st. 10 lbs., who won very easily, and he was attended by Lord Burghley 8 st. 8 lbs., and Coongoola6 st., and the journey was cast behind in 2.38|. There was a lot of racing on the last day of the meeting, and Monmouth, by Yattendon from Lady Chester, opened the ball by carrying 8 st. 7 lbs. to the front for the Fleming ton Stakes, just beating Welcome Jack 9 st., who was attended by Topaz 7 fit. 8 lbs., and an aristocrat field ; and the five furlongs were covered in 1.3f . Grand Flaneur, the wonderful son of Yattendon and First Lady, made a great exhibition of those opposed to him in the mares' Produce Stakes, and although he had 9 st. 3 lbs. to hump b.3 fairly romped over Progress 8 st. 10 lbs., Mulatto, and three others who had not the ghost of a show with him, and the mile and a quarter was done in the lightning-like time of 2.10J. The V. R. C. Handicap told a memorable and very suggestive tale by Mata rattling home in front with 8 st. 7 lbs. beating the Pontiff 7 st. 12 lbs., Secundus 7 st. 11 lbs., and a more than useful field ; the mile and three quarters were cut out in S.Cf . The running of Mata attracted the attention of the stewards, and after an investigation had been held, the New Zealander was disqualified, and the justness of that verdict has since been proved by the brilliant form shown by the sturdy son of Dead Shot at the recent Adelaide Meeting. The Steeplechase was looked upon as a foregone conclusion for Simpleton, but the immense and unreasonable burden of 13 st. 2 lbs. found him out, and Himalaya 9 st. 12 lbs. fairly wearing him down and out pacing him at the finish won with a lot to spare. Turpin, well ridden by Chifmey was third, and the three miles were run in C.59J. Notwithstanding his previous exertions Progress had no difficulty in carrying his colours to the front for the Canterbury 'Plate, and he was attended by Sweetmeat, Wellington, and Lothair in 4.4. Thirteen faced the flag for the Free Handicap, and the places were filled by Prattle 7 fit. 5 lbs., Rivalry 7 st. 9 lbs., and Sooth sayer 7st. 10 lbs., and the mile and a half was run in 2.38J. 