) Old Playbills. ) No. 8. L "They are the abstracts and brief ohron t icles of the time." — Hamlet, Act 2, Scene 2. r \In order to render these series as ) interesting as possible to our many i » ' . .I. i - -j. . t'j \ Tcuarr ivn t,ne mint u/ uiu, f playbills for the purpose of publiea- ) tion, wh ich shall be returned at earliest \ opportunity. Please forward Editor, r Lorgnette Office, Royal Lame Mel ) bourne.' Under most depressing circnm- ) stance- 'he 'minent" tragedian, Mi v Barry Snllivan, made his fi st appear- ' ance before an Australian audience at ) the Theiii, i; liny a' (now burnt down) . on the evening of Saturday, August ' 9. 1862. The stage had been used for ) some time before, as a home for Bur- . ton's circu«, and the equestrian seasen ' only closed on the. previous evening. ) The stage and theatre was in a filthy . condition, and only a scratch company could be gottogetherfor the legitimate ) season. The play was " Hamlet," with Mr Sullivan as the moody Dane, ' and he was supported — if our memory ; fails ns not — by Mr Henry Neil Warner as The Ghost ; Mr T. Belfinld, 1 The King ; poor dead and. gone Paddy l Gardiner (father of the late Mrs Alfred Phillips), as Polnioue — with a 1 most delicious Irish brogue : Mr , - Harry ' Jackson as First Gravedigger, Mr Charles Poole as The Queen, and 1 Miss Joey Gougenheim as Ophelia. The , " star " became naturally disappointed and played but a very short season, 1 and then went up to the Princess , Theatre and played in conjunction with Mr Joseph Jefferson Sydney then became the scene of his triumphs, but, before leaving Melbourne for that city, he said that id was his intention to return to Melbourne, to ran a thea tre of his own, and would engage the best company that had ever been got together in the Southern Hemisphere. That this was no idle boast will be borne out on perusing the following bill of the play : — THEATRE ROYAL. Sole Lessee and Manager... Mr Barry' Sulliuan. The Public are informed that the above mag nificent Temple of the Drama will re-open under the above management. THIS EVENING, SATURDAY MARCH 7,1863 During the recess, the following alterations and improvements have been effected, viz : — The entrance to the Dress Circle haB been entirely renovated, newly carpeted, and ad ditional lights and chandeliers introduce d. The Dress Circle seats have been enlarged and a greater 1 ntermeiiate space allowed to each occupant, making them combined with luxurious getting up all that the most fas- ldious can desire. The lady patrons to the Dress Cirole are also Informed that the cloak room, with its atten dants, also the two new retiring rooms,' ele gantly furnished, are placed at their service entirely free of charge. . I Tho stall seats have boen ree tailed and im- _ proved. The stage footlights so arranged,- and the new orchestra so formed as to give additional comfort to the numerous patrons of this de lightful part of the house. The 'upper circle seats have been re-arranged, raised, and backed, whioh, with the additional lighting and the ventilation introduced will make tho upper cirole perfect for seeing, hear ing, and comfort. The pit has been entirely cleansed, and will maintain its prominent position in the pnblio estimation. The gallery has also received an improvement which it, is hoped, will give additional comtort and convenience to its patrons. The Eminent Artist, BARRY SULLIVAN Will re-appear, supported by the most talented members of the profession, including the Star Company of Australia. Mr Robert Heir, Mr J. 0 Lambert, „ Ohas. Young, „ A. Fitzgerald, „ Harwood, „ Chapman; „ Ireland, „ Burford, „ Morrison, „ Hope, „ Andrews, r Ford, „ Hogen, „ Ooliingwood, „ Hacready, ,, Gladstene, „ Mason „ Call, Mrs Robert Heir, Miss Rosa Dunn, . „ Fitzgerald, Mrs Alfred Philips, Miss Tilly Earls, HrB Chapman, „ Milne, Miss Corcoran, Fagon, 1 MtosHlggins, Miss Murray &c.;, The following prices of admission have been determined on, and the management confident ly trusts that the publio will support him in his endeavour to presont the highest intel lectual amusement at the lowest possible charge, GALLERY, SIXPENCE. PIT, ONE SHILLING. UPPER CIROLE, TWO SHILLINGS. STALLS, THREE SHILLINGS DRESS CIRCLE, FIVE SHILLINGS. Half-price to Dress Cirole at 9.30, Half-a-Crown. . No fees allowed ,any servant of the Estab lishment. The season will commence with Sheridan's \ Inimitable Comedy in 5 acts, entitled, / SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL ) With the following unapproachable distribu- \ tion of Characters. / Sir I'cter Teazle Mr J. C. Lambert ) Sir Oliver nrjace Mr Harwood ( eir Benjamin Backbite Mr Ohas. Young Joseph Surface Mr Robert Heir Charles Surface Mr Barry. Sullivan I Orabiree Mr Chapman J Careless Mr Ireland f Sir Harry Bumper Mr Hope ) 1 Snake Mr Gladstone ( Trip Mr Morrison ) Sir Toby Mr Macready f Hoses Mr Andrews J Rowley MrCnll f Servants. ..Messrs Ford, Collingwootl & Mason ) Lady Teazle Mrs Robert Heir ( Mrs Candour Mrs Alfred Phillips J Lady Sn ecrwell Mrs Chapman ( Maria. ... .Miss Rosa Dunn ) Maid Miss Murray ( o ) To conclude with the very laughable faros, ( MY / F HI'S 8B00ND FLOOR. ( Supported by Me»Brs Harwond, Uharles Young, ) Andrews, Ireland, Mrs Phillips, Miss Milne, ( and Miss Tilly Earle. J Box Office open for sscuring seats. Pass out ) checks aro not transforablo. ( | Doors open at 7 p.m. Commence at 8pjn. ( precisely. ) 