OtJR MELBOURNE LETTER. (FEOJL ODE OWN'-'OOBRESFONDLENT.) - Very little light has been tlirown upon the future of politics this week, though one may see fringes on the clouds, just sufficient to give slight indications. The Ministry are worising veiy hard to make a good show when Parliament opens, and Sir MacBain, Mr Francis, and Mr Murray Smith are giving then- help to Sir Bryan O'Loghlen to prepare a budget which will meet with acceptance; a most difficult task, for the large obligations that the Treasurer has to meet towards the close of the year will seriously embarrass him. Indeed, although the Ministerialists say there will be no need of new taxation I think the reverse will occur. The Ministry have already indicated a general laud and property tax, but as several Ministries have fallen on proposals of that kind, they will be very chary of trying it on just now. No matter what may be said, their path is beset with danger and difficulties of no ordinary kind, and if they escape the pitfalls prepared for them it will simply be because the Conservatives and the Corners are prepared to do anything, and to swallow camels to prevent Mr Berry from once more taking power. When at lunch one day this week, I was highly entertained by a conversation I overheard between two influential gentlemen, one a member of the Council, the other of the Assembly, both high toned Conservatives. " I tell you," said the M.L.A., "we must swallow anything in preference to allowing Berry to get back." Comment, as the paragrapliists say, is superfluous. The Liberal party is waking up a bit in view of the conference to be held on the 12th September at Ballarat, which city has now become the head-quarters of the party. As to the National Reform League in Melbourne, it appears to be practically defunct. I was present this week when Mr Allan, the late paid secretary, packed up the effects of tlie League and cleared out from 62 Collins-street East, the scene the greatest triumphs as well as the greatest reverses of the League. The office is now to be ill Collins-street West, anda MrNicliolls, a Tasmanian mining speculator and broker is to be the secretary. The League is at present broken •up and lias no real existence. But in Ballarat tlie Liberal party is stronger than ever, and the districts around it are strongly Liberal, consequently the meeting there will have great significance. I had the opportunity this week of consulting with several "old standards" from the Ballarat district and their views somewhat enlightened me. Their idea is that tlie party must past through a period of purgation and trial in order to obtain a permanent hold of power and that it is wiser to boss the present Ministry and to prevent them from passing any legislation that may be against Liberal views, which tlieir party and the House is strong enough to do. They are not, however, without great doubts as to the future. The attitude of the Age towards the present leader of the Opposition is such as to make tlie task of placing him in power as leader of the Liberal party a gigantic one. It is well known that the leading spirit of that journal has declared that Mr Berry shall never more be Premier, at least with the help of the Age, and it is equally notorious that the Age will deal as gently -with the present Ministry as Izaak Walton with the worm, " tenderly as if it loved them," until a certain log is rolled into the sawmill. This state of things puzzles and dismays the Liberal party, and in view of it the wisest declare that their true policy is to "watch and wait." " Give the . present Ministry enough rope," said an old campaigner to me, "and they'll hang themselves." Let the Liberals of. Victoria see what it means to have a Conservative Government in power, and they will forget their jealousies and bickerings and rally round the standard as they did in 1877 of glorious memory. Upon one matter, however, the Liberal party is thoroughly aroused and indignant, and that is the inclusion of Mr Walter Madden in the Ministry and his appointment above all to the important portfolio of lands, at a time when the land question is to be finally dealt with. Mr Madden is looked upon as essentially the creature of the land monopolists, and his presence in the Lands Office is regarded as most sinister. It is also widely known that the dummyists are reaping a harvesl at the Lands Office since this Mimstrj came anto power. 1 : The celebrated Fisher cases -in the north-west have all • been settled. I . would not at all be surprised to see Mr: Madden'S'iLalid Bill, if he is ever permitted to bring one m, furiously stone-waiUed. The Liberal Conference at Ballarat will; feel certain, issue a ukase tliat-the leasing system and selection according: to capability must be the future land programme. . I indicated sometime ago that Mr S. V • Winter would probably obtain tlie post : of- Government Printer, and I' did so rather'from the indications than ^^from any. informations The mvitation of the Minis- • try to the mayoral banquet at Richmond, the Baal-like worship of W. J. Clarke and F' W Had.don by the Herald,- and its en* thusiastic "defence of Mr Haddon and the beslavermg,-praise in older to ward off criticism, made me feel sure tliere was something beyond the ordinary in tho wind, and it seems I.have not been mis- Mr Winter has been offered the position according to report, and will probably accept it. The aflair will be: settled on Monday. ; There is no doubt that should ho accept, ho will be fully fitted for the position, having passed through tho whole curriculum of a printer's life, from' '" devil" to manager of a dally news- : paper,: and bemg comparatively young, he will-have plenty of "energy .to devote -to-: the work of the State. Aiiothe^ position : over asfrlucli a fierce fight is waging is that of Chief CommiBsioner-oi Police. Mr Have is related by marriage to Mr W. J. Clarke, and as • the Clarko influence is very powerful, tho: :pohce -gossips :^ay that no. matter what may be the -ri-eport of tho Police Commission .tlie present -Ministry must fall, on their : knees before ^ie -'-Glarke-Praneis , shinie andappomt:jilr'.H;are,-whose.:gallantreireat from Glenrowau to Benalia is a matter of history. 1 don't think myself that" -Commissions or thou- reports are worth sixpence: for Ministries always act on their own responsibilities, as political exigencies demand. At all events gossip , at present joints to Mr Hare as the future Chief CoramiBsioner of Police. I must Iiere refer very pointedly, in the. interests of the agricultural population, to, tliemarketreportsoftheMelboumejour-- nalsj especially as regards wlieat. To tlie fanner nothing is more .important than honest and accurate market reports, and a correct forecast of the future; . The wheat grower, far removed from tlie means of ascertaining the movements of the market, is placed at the mercy of the commercial editor of the daily or- weekly to which ho subscribes. Tlie contradictory character o£ the market reports, however, must have puzzled the farmers of "Victoria. Here we have had the Age • and Leader warning the farmers tliat there would "be no rise, and that there was more wheat m the colony than was thought, while the Argus and Australasian have "been declaring that wheat must rise and that before the new harvest we would have to import wheat.. Which was the farmer to -believe 1 Tlie Herald from which the Melbourne correspondents take their telegrams followed the lead of the Age-- Now, I have no doubt tlie gentlemen who do the commercial editing of tlie papers I have mentioned, endeavour to perform their duties as well as possible, but tlie result is far from satisfactory. The farmers who .have taken the advice of the Age and Leader must have made a severe loss, as wheat, instead of falling or remaining stationary^ lias- continued to nse and will, unless there is a sudden change of weather m England, continue to advance. .The oiily.remedy that can "beproposed is that farmers should read all the papers and draw their own deductions., I t.hinlr some of the larger journals 111 tlie wheat districts would do a great stroke if they were to appoint 111 Melbourne some reliable man, thoroughly in the secrets of wheat circles, to advise them and tlieir readers. But where are they TO find the man? Mr David Gaunson is most decidedly on the warpath, and at present he is engaged in sharpening his tomahawk in order to scalp Mr H. M. Franklyn, the editor of the Federal Australian and Victorian Review, and it will not be David's fault if the case is not a cause telebre. I am not in Mr Gaunson's confidence, but I firmly believe that he has two objects m view m. bringing an action for libel against Mr Franklyn, He desires to, in a court of law, justify his political actions, and further to rake his adversary fore and aft, and to let the world know what manner of man he IB and has been. Unless Mr Franklyn plead justification, however, Mr Gaunson cannot, I think, raise up the ghosts of the past, if such exist as the gossips now allege to be the fact, but of which I know nothing. At all events it may be relied upon that the case of Gaunson v. Federal Aastralum will be one trat of a thousand and that the disclosures on "both sides will be very sensa-. tional. If Mr Gaunson is gomg to rake Mr Franklyn, Mr Franklyn intends to rake Mr Gaunson, and therefore it is a pretty quarrel between the two and one likely to give much amusement to the public. As a sort of mterinezzio or vaudeville, Mr Gaunson is also going to have a shot at Mi 1 Bamfield, of the Ararat Advertiser, though it is understood he would prefer that affair being mutually settled as he has no feelmg against that gentleman. But m Mr Franklyn's case it is war to the knife. The Poultry Show this year is a great success, and the quality of the birds shows we are steadily progressing m the direction of unprovnig our domestic fowls. The canaries show by their bright colours that cayenne-feedmg is being persevered in. I was disappointed, however, on the show of colonial birds. Hie breeding of these is evidently neglected, and no systematic attempt is made to improve and domesticate them There was a fair show of cockatoos, but only a few magpies. One magpie, however, was the hon of the show and held a levee daily. I have never seen so gifted a bn-d since tlie death of Spooner's parrot, certainly never such a gifted "maggie." At the command of her master she would repeat any words. "Now, Mag," he would say, "show us what you do 111 the bush," whereupon she would at once warble the musical song in which these birds indulge when in the forest. Altogether the "bird was almost human m its intelligence and power of articulation. The price demanded was £20. The theatrical world is quiet, and there is little to note. Miss Bees has appeared at the Opera House as Mantana. She sings the music beautifully, but her acting is still of • the wooden order, and totally unsuited to the sprightly Mantana. Altogether this scratch English Opera season has been, a success in no sense. Mr Garden reappeared at the Bijou on Satur- day night in The Fool's Revenge. At the Princess's a new dodge has been resorted to .in "Ostracised," Mr Carey bemg, announced to nde "Ned Kelly's Real Horse," as if there were fictitious animals of that description. 