" LEARNING." TO THE EDITOR OF THE "JEWISH HERALD." DEAR MR. EDITOR,-I am only a little man, although Bar Mitzvah some ten months, and I always read the " Children's Page" in your splendid paper with great pleasure and profit. The wonderful story of your clever ghost-seer, has, no doubt, greatly interested a great many besides myself, and my object in taking the liberty of writing to you is to inform him and your numerous readers that in Ballarat, too, where there are but few Jewish families as compared with Melbourne, there are houses where the ancient and beautiful custom of " Learning" is kept up with all the pleasant accompaniments of coffee, cake, fruit, &c.;, and where lads of a similar age as your ghost-seer recognised his " former self," are encouraged to take part, and which they do (thanks to our able and indefatigable teacher, Mr. Solomon, and our kind minister, the Rev. Mr. Goldreich) with credit to themselves aud satisfaction to the elder learners; but I must confess that as regards the Zohar your ghost-seer has, or had the advantage. I hope you will pardon my filial pride, when I add that the house of my honoured and dear parents is one, and for many years was the only place, where the " Learning" was kept up, and I hope you Will think my vanity equally pardonable, when I tell you that the second place is at the house of my dear and respected uncle, Mr. N. F. Spielvogel. I will conclude with your correspondent in saying : If my young friends have an opportunity, let them by all means go, if not, I hope they will read these lines, and thus become acquainted, not alone with the beautiful custom, but also with the fact of which I take the liberty to assure them, that if any should, by any chance, lose themselves in Ballarat on either the first night of Shevuoth or on the night of Hoshannah Rabbah, they will find a hearty welcome at either of the above-mentioned places, to all the pleasant things of refreshments, in addition to being able to learn all the particulars of the " Learning," but more particularly would there be a cordial welcome to the ghost-seer himself, whose acquaintance everyone would be proud to make. Trusting you will do me the honour of publishing this letter, for which I thank you in advance, remain, Dear Mr. Editor, Yours very respectfully, AARON BERNSTEIN. : THE JEWISH ARMY IN EUBOPE.-In tho Austrian army there are now 7i6B2 Israelites in active Bervice. This being the peace footing of the army, hence only one-fourth of the men in active service, Austria counts 80,608 Jewish soldiers. In the same proportion, there must be enrolled in tho German army about 25,000, and in the Russian about 60,000 men. So tho Jews of those three countries can place in tho field 100,000 trained men, and Abraham had only 31S men. Neither King David nor tho Maccabees had so large an army. If the three Kaisers would Bend their Jewish soldiers into tho field, and Kothscbild furnish the money, they could take Palestine and some adjacent countries; but they said they would not do it. Ab regards army .officers of high rank, France could supply the JowiBh army with the proper material, but they would not go. 