THE LATIN PLAY AT TRINITY COLLEGE. IT is a great leap backwards from A.D. 1881 to B.C. 220 or thereabouts, when, the red-haired, swarthy, corpulent dramatist, upon whom his countrymen in Umbria had bestowed the nickname of Plautus, or flat-foot, on account of the monstrous size and negro-like formation of his lower extremities, first produced his *' Mostellaria" in Rome. Let us endeavour to reproduce the scene. The theatre is an enormous edifice of wood, for we are yet a century and a half removed from the days when the edile Seaurus will erect the magnificent structure of which Pliny has left us a description. The place is capable of holdin gfrom 20,000 to30,000 spectators, and they are all "deadheads," for every citizen claims the right of free admission to the theatre, and the magistrates defray the expenses of the performance, in return for which they are allowed to occupy reserved seats. "What we should call the pit and boxes are open to the sky, and to screen the occupants from the rays of the sun an awning is drawn across the space above. But the building is hot and dusty for all that, as the sovereign people are restless, and not over clean, and if it were not for the jets of perfumed water that play upon the screen and descend in showers of spray, the nicer noses among the audience would take offence at the odours emanating from the "rank scented" multitude. As for the actors, they are little better than human marionettes, staggering about an elevated stage in the stilted cothurni, or buBkins, which are even worse than the high heels worn to their Bhoes by the women of the present period; and each of the comedians aggravates his voice by means of the brazen lips of the mask which conceals his face and behind which he speaks. Of course, anything like play of the features or varying expression of the eyes is out of the question. The former are invisible, and the latter can only be seen like half-extinct torches faintly glimmering in the recesses of a cavern. If there be any fun in the play, it is derivable from the situations and from the dialogue; and the broader and coarser the latter the more boisterous the laughter, and the louder the applause. Between the acts vendors of cake and wine circulate among the audience; and sometimes two or three flute-players come forward and regale the spectators with a little music; or if the interval be an unusually long one, some farceurs will present themselves, and improvise an extravaganza in that part of the theatre which would correspond with the orchestra in a modern playhouse. On the stage itself, when the comedy is resumed, there is a superabundance of buffoonery, and every alluBion of a personal or political character is applauded to the echo. Occasionally the progress of the piece is interrupted by the introduction of a cantata; and if an aside is to be uttered, the actor jerks it out into the middle of the audience with ostentatious obstreperousneBS. There is very little consistency or con8ecutivene8s in the story of the comedy; and if the interest of the piece flags, the actors improvise a quarrel, and their interchange of vituperation rarely fails to arouse the feelings of the audience, especially if the despised hislriones proceed from words to blows. In fine, the classic comedy of two thousand years ago was written for the Roman populace, and the Roman populace could not be more accurately pourtrayed j than it has been by our own supreme dramatist in "Coriolanus" i and " Julius Ca^ar." I If some soothsayer had predicted to Titus Maccius Plautus, J the reputed son of a provincial slave, that after the lapse of 20 j centuries one of bis comedies would be performed in a distant j region then unknown, and in his own language, by the { descendants of a race of northern barbarians, whose very existence bad not yet been revealed to the Roman world, we Buspect he would have regarded the prediction as something too extravagant and preposterous for even an improbability-loving dramatist to bestow a passing thought upon. But performed it was, on .Tune 7, for the first time in Australia, by the students of Trinity College; albeit it partook somewhat of the character of a full- dress recital, preparatory to the entertainment of the next evening. The dining-hall of the college, tastefully decorated with liags and evergreens, served as a theatre, and a Greek portico formed an appropriate proscenium, as well as a fitting frame for a set Bcene representing a street in Athens, with the Acropolis in the distance. The comedy has been judiciously cut, so as to.omit all objectionable matter, and_ at the same time to bring the performance within reasonable limits, and those who took part in it are to be complimented and congratulated upon the unequivocal success of their efforts to deliver the text and convey the spirit of Plautus. The following was the cast :— Theuropides Mr. J. Senior. Philolaches Mr. A. J. Evane. Philetnatium Mr. W. h. Mulleu. Scapha Mr. R. VV. Smith. Caliidamates Mr. F. W. Dickson Delphium Mr. A. W. Allen. Tranio Mr. W. T. Coldham. Grumio Mr. W. C. Pritcbard. Simo Mr. R. .Stephen. MisargurideB Mr. H. VI. Stlmon. Phaniscus Mr. p. W. Edmondson. Slaves.—Messrs T. H. Payne, C. Hogarth, A. M. Tv«rs, 0. BromQeld, It. Potter, S. J. K. GrevilJe, W. W. Rogers, and F. VV. WiJgrove. But the chief burden of the piece rested on the representatives of Tranio, Theuropides, Caliidamates, and Misargurides, each of whom entered thoroughly into the character he assumed. Mr. Coldham aB the impudent, ready-witted, voluble, and mendacious Figaro of the comedy, Mr. Dickson as the bibulous boon companion of Philolaches, Mr. Salmon as the miser, and Mr. Senior as the foolish old father of Roman comedy, whom the Italians afterwards transformed into Pantaloon, became prime favourites with the audience, and were liberally applauded. There was a highly amusing scene when the revellers learn the arrival of the old merchant from Egypt, and they endeavour to wake Caliidamates from his drunken stupor, the following being the dialogue :— DELPHIUM.—Caliidamates,Caliidamates, vigila: CA —-Vifrilo: ccdo ut bibam. DK.—VijjiU ; pater advenit peregxe PhiI.olach«c. CA.—Valeat pater. 1'BLLO.—Valet illir: quidem ; at ego dinperii. CA.— Hisperisti ? Qui pnte'st? PHILO—Quoeso edepol, exsur?e: piter advenit. CA.—Tuus venit piter? Jube abire ruroum. Quid mlii rcditio hue etiam fuit 1 PIIILO.—Quid ego agam ? Paler jam hie offendet misere adveniens ebrium ;criij plenas convivarum et mulierum. Miserum est opus. Quid faciam miser ? Another diverting little bit of comedy was that in which Tranio has been telling Theuropides the ghost story, and the old gentleman exclaims, "Quid faciam?" to which the valet makes reply, "Cave respexes; fuge, o peri, caput!" But. rejoins the old gentleman, " Cur non fugia tu whereupon Tranio answers with solemn impudence, " Pax mihi est cum mortuis." The accent •with which this was uttered produced a roar of laughter. Equally amusing was the colloquy between these two concerning the two vultures in the second scene of the original third act, as also the whole of the last scene, where Tranio plants himself upon the altar, and girds at the old gentleman, observing :— Quian me pro te ire ad coenam autumo. Tu.—Non enim ihin: ego fp.vare faxo, ut meruisti in crucem. AV.—Age, niitte islajc, et me ad coenam die iturum. Quid taces ? There was a well-deserved call for the principals at the end of the first act, and in the interval between it and the second the members of the company sang the Carmen salutwrium,ad hoxpUe We omitted to mention that the comedy was preceded by a Latin prologue spoken by Mr. H. W. Bryant, senior student of the college. An English epilogue, with a couplet for each of the j)erformers, followed the fall of the curtain, and an allusion in it to Mr. Joseph Clarke's handsome gift to the institution was encored. A Carmen Collegialum, sung by the students, formed an agreeable conclusion to the evening's entertainment. 