INDIAN JUGGLERY. [Fiom tbt JVVto York 7m«1 People have often asked why some ea terprising theatrical manager does not bring one of the wonderful jugglers of India to Europe or to this country. We have hid Japanese jugglers who proved to be much in ferior to Euch occidental wizards as Uoudin and Herrmann, and we are -soon to witnesi Aeutch dances by genuine Nautch girls, but no East India juggler has ever left his native country. Everybody has heard of the amazing miracles performed almost ' daily in India. The stories of the juggler wLo throws a ball of cord into tiie air, where it remains loug enoagh for him t-j climb up by it until he disappears from : Eight ; or ot'the juggler who carves a boy as he might carve a chicken, aad theu recon structs the boy out of a heip of disjointed limbs and mihcellaueoui organs, arefamilur to us all. Tbey are often quoted by EjiirKu.i lists as proof that niirr.clt-s ertn m.ire a-t -- luthiEg than ibe composition of b.id n--etry by the' spirit of John Miiton are actaal.y worked by the l- occultists' of the Cr'ect,. and are often retold in the iiew:-;i;iji -ii -is having been Touched for by th-i: r.i-Ji-»r vngue person, *' a recent tr.nvUer. ' Ware ore of these irceoicp^rable Eastern jnjjriers to bo brought to Europe by u th.earrie.il manager, the jatter would uiakt a certain and enormous fortune wiiiii:: a very eiiort tiire. And yet tae very meu who impm cheap Jnpares'.- ji:gatiM?, or tbe mars in teresricg ? Nautch gills, rever mate t8ie flattest effort to secure a real uar.iao v.oikiEg fakir. Ihja is certainly vary Kifj.pe, ftiid, ia fact, quite unaccountable, tXL-^-p: upoij a Lypotfcetis wcich is as rud-* jit it it unwarranted. Tl.fr. rceL'.ioi! of East Indian jugglers umA tlitir feats siust at this piiticul-ur periol nn-ir.d tvejy one who knows the fects of *aa u-ccli aarvellous disappearance of a saoall Ley in iSUc'uh'iTo, Mass. At the request of iLtjfce icott nearly interested, Hie affjir ii-is ihuss f tt been quietly ignored by tbe press ; but it it eot7 understood that there is'-ns n»:ed of ar y f urtLtr mystery in the matter. riLe facts, j-ccording to Mr. JEbenezsr 1-atbrup, a leading citizen aad undertaker of Jiiacsboro, are briefly as follow, and will be found jiiteEsely intere6tiag: — Mr. Lsthrop is not a fpiritnaiist, bit until lately he has taken a good deal of interest ia epiritalism, and has -someti(Dea expressed the belief that there mav be ' something or other'3 ia it. Three weeks ago there came to Blackboro a professional medium, Mr. G. T. Homer, who alleged that he was travelling for cleaiure, oat who, at the request of a local believer ia spirits, consented to hold a seance at tha house of .Mr. Lathrop, whose professional acquaitar.ee with departed Blackboro citi zens might reasonably be supposed to render them willing to meet a respectable mediusi under his roof. The seance was appointed to be held on the night of the 8tnof De cember, and seven living spiritualists agreed to be present. It was the misfortune of Mr. Lathrop to have a peculiarly objectionable boy — Master Thomas Wallis Lathrop, earned 'after Ms maternal grandfather, aged 11 years on ihe 27th of last November. Thomas, or Tftn, as he was popularly called, was a particu larly bad boy. Much familiarity with cofiice and funerals had, perhaps, its share in rendering Mm callous and indifferent to Eerioue thinge; but it is very certain tuaS he feared nobody and cared for nothing. He made his estimable father's life a buitleu tc him, and it was the general opinion of the village -that Tom's private funeral would be a most desirable under taking event. The *4aEce was held at the time find place appointed, and was in many resj-ect3 a creditable affair. Communications rrjra a number of prominent ghosts were re ceived, and the spirits of two persons wli -m Mr. Lathrop had buried, Kaicon .Smelley and Prince (colored) were fully ma teiislised, a»d -were lecogciaed by every one present. It was in connection with the appearance of the colored ghost that Tom Lathrop made known his hitherto un suspected presence in the roam by a war whoop aiid a large apple, the latter beiag thrown at the ghost with such excellent aim as tc hit him on the nose and eKcis from him the brief and poiaied remark, i: Golly !' The indignation of the assembled spiri taalkts -was naturally great, and Mr. Lathrop, who promptly captured his crace lees son, wss about to lead him away fur punishment, when the medium said, ' Bring him to me ; I will deal with him.' Tom was accordingly given to tbe medium, who was an athletic man, and who, seating himself on a chair in the full view of -'tha audience, placed tbe boy across his knee atd prepared to operate on him with the palm of his hand. Air. Homer struck only one blow, for the instant 'his Avenging bend defcesded there was a brilliant flash of light, a loud report, and Master Tom dis appeared instantly and utterly. The doors and windows were closed, and even if they had not been it is certain that the boy could not have left the medium's lap and escaped from the room unseen. From that moment until the present time not the slightest trace of Master Thomas Wallis Latbrap has been seen. The medium's explanation was a simple one. He said that by his occult power he had decomposed the boy into ids -w»gimj gases, and that these had united with the gaEes of the atmosphere. The people of Blackboro, with but one exception, agreed that this was the first evidence of any good in epiritualism. that they had yet sees, and there was talk of inviting Mr. florner to take charge of the district school. To-the astonishment of everybody, Mr. Lathrop seemed dissatisfied, and he has served a formal demand on the mAdi^m to recon struct his boy within ten days or to pay- his value, to be decided by tiiree arbitrators or. a majority of them. Now, this is a. story which is as wonder ful as anything that has e?er been tola of the £ast Indian jugglers. It is anqaee tiocably as authentic as any story told by ' a recent traveller,' and is far more cir cumstantial in its details than the best efforts of that eminent authority. It will be unhesitatingly believed by all the be lievers in Indian jugglery, and ought to be of immense service to spiritualism. In short, there is not a word of truth in it, which is precisely the most important characteristic of the tales of East Inuiin. jugglers, and perhaps accounts for the fact that no one has thought it worth while to hiie one of them to exhibit his childish tricks before an intelligent audience. 