I THE NATIVE BEAR GULLY, NEAR .GRENFELL I ,í<N¡'iíf [BX ÁN¡üySltlíÁNBER.] 1 Î >'/íj^ ! « As sanie littlo cxóitoinebt was lately caused in min- ing circles, through the reports of.thb 7bicn and C'otm try Journal, and o thor metropolitan! psper»,: of two or three weeka ago, as to. .the prospects ¡of.-(this particular, place, ¿ I bog to fnrmsW.atfew ^details' in órdor tó attempt preventing any.miners frpm^a dis-i .tance, i continuing;; to push for] this locality,jywhich would.only .'ovontually load to 'their chagrin and. dis appointniont.' At a distnncb of some 27 miles1 from OojijrBi and*nt about;seven fromtüreufell,* a road' through"» wooden gato",, in n bruah'fencV¡;tur.us .tq tho right, skirting the right-banka"of 'i'shallow!wàtcr-v course,- which, after being followed' for' some threo miles, ; lairds you in Native Bear -Gully,' VOn'o1 of tho chiof .featu'rcB-.tliat strikes Jtho¡ now arrival,' is the oxtreme - flatness 4 of the ground,' contiguous; to tho workings, though' tho country.shortly changes into one whoso rugged character cannot bo questioned. A .gentle ncclive oh the western side is tho only guide, however, as to, thu run of deep ground on thc southern portion'of this lead. Thc prospects of the field are at present, of tho meanest description, _ and I would strongly advise miners to give credence, to few-such, reports as wero given vent to a short while back, which)' though not of extraordinary richness, were of suffi- cient value to tempt a digger ; to traverso possibly ' a considerable extent of.country,, in order to roach its locàlb.' Tho;fact'of tho'mattor'is,* it is old prospect- ing ground! of'somo'ton or i twelve years ago, i.lthet memory.of w;hioh.is,boiug resuscitated by storekeeper-'1 backedJ Grenfell' meri. - Tho following dotBÜB will honestly show tho at present. appearance of tho field. ' At tho lowor camp, hoar tho dam, a few men havo1 pitched their temporary encampments, more with tho intention of botug undecided m which direction to proceed,; pwiiig'tbthe,pre60ut ;8tugnatiod?öfthp'ihdi vidual mining industry, than from any idea of setting in "hera. Tho'first claim'met" is No. 8' South, who: bottomed at 225 foot,' with a dip to southerly, in which 'direbtibnjthoy are'at present driving, endeavouring to cross what 'riarrow'-vebn tho prospectors' havo found. Tho bottom is slate, and thcro is littlo br no wash; tho best gold being got in the interstices ofitho rook.. It takes about a month to 'sink ri shaft, owing to the" last'hundrcd feet being tho moans of splitting a shift, as tho depth necessitates tho constant uso of thc bucket. Sovcnty-fivo foot of this is through a stiff puggy clay, very difficult of manipulation. A pros-' peet had just been washed from No. 8 as I approached, and yielded some eight or nine colours of that particu- lar kind known ns 'ghosts,' Proceeding np tho lend, there is nothing worthy of notico met with till reach- ing No. 3 South. Tho shareholders are about to put .through threo trial loads,-in-order to nscortnin its payable capabilities, or otherwise. No.'1 South'nra reported to havo washed 12 or 13 grains to 7 dishes, taken indiscriminately from tho face. Tho gold is a fuir sample as to quality, but tho qunntity is not of a similar quotation. The ground is 235 feet deep, so that tho'above prospects, with nohoightof.dirt, would scarcely at this great depth provo remunerativo, The prospectors' (Gallagher and' party), havo' about 70 loads (possibly - not quito as muoh) stacked ready for waBliing, but ns thcro was no ono around the shaft, I was unable to obtain any reliable information, Tho most ridiculous part of this rush is, the hoisting of rod Hags (supposed to bo a guarantee of a payable gold claim), over these pennyweight discoveries, load- ing the uninitiated to tho bcliof that payable gold has been struck. ,Passing oyor tho "saddle" upon which the prospecting claim,is situated, and descend- ing thu opposite fall, yon lind yourself in another reported golden gully, tho Native Dog. No ono appeal's to bo working hero at all, although a few holes havo been sunk nt intervals in it, apparently 'duffers,'ns no continuous work «visible. A. dam for tho consorvanco of. water for a puddling machine, -has been mado in thia gully. On the left hand ridge, a patch of payable sn rfaco is said to have boon worked somo ten or twelve years ago,,,and tho trickle from this running into a branch gully of tho Native Dog,, ; was the incentivo for tho elaborate reports published in tho weeklies : of tho 12th instant. This piece of, ' turkoy-scratching,' or gully-raking,.'is very littlo greater in width than a sluice-box, and is about, thr.ee to six inches in jdoptli.; ; Tho ¡gold got is a nice saniplo of'shbtty gold, 'mostly ono and two grain spocs, but nono exceeding half-a-penny weight, and it may possiblygo from ¡'six to . seven weights to tho. load. A. small.urchin of about ten represented the shareholders, when¡1 inspected the workings, It is said that; they have bngged about eight ounces, as tho gottinga ot' sbmo soyenty yardB of stripping. Two holes whero thc gully widens about 25 and .30 fuet respectively,',huye been..bottomed with no cheering result, so* that in all probability, this find is hut merely thc tail cud of tho ancient surface, which runs, out in a Bhort distance. Butchers and bakers run soveral times weekly from Grenfell, with bread and moat for thc assembled seventy, and a small store on tho ground supplies tho other necessaries. Two pros- pecting parties aro out, one of whioh bottomed a 28 loot ' duffer ' during my stay. Should theso fail to causo a dificrout complexion being placed over tho present state of thingB, a week hence, and tho Native Btar Gully rush will bo numbered among tho many 'sluicer' flutters of late 'years,'.-whose concealed fan wheel is turned by moans of assisted miners, to koop storekeepers buoyant 