The British Repentance and American Pardon, There has been more saluting of the English flag in America, and yet broader and deeper is the feeling that such courtesies are more than we deserve. Both in England and America it seems to be generally understood that the attitude of the one country should be forever penitential and that every disposition on the other side to forgive is little less than sublime. When England coerced the plantations she committed a wrong for which repentance could never quite alone; and if now the English, Irish, German, Dutch, Swiss, Swedish, Norwegian, and other immigrants into the United States consent, together with the descendants of Washington's comrades, to forget that wrong, England should indeed be humbly grateful, This is the understanding; but to us it seems that while a feeling of that sort would have been a little ridiculous, but still not unnatural, while the generation which fought in the struggle of the War of Independence) was yet extant, it is now perhaps the most absurd political tradition of the civilised world. England's wrongdoing to the plantations did not rank, really, with the sin against the Holy Ghost. An erring mother- country she may have been but she treated them better than any other mother- country has treated her colonies since the days of Greek colonisation. She allowed them an amount of self-government theretofore unheard of. She gave them much and she asked for little. The economical laws which regulated their industry were in keeping with the ideas of the world at the time. Practically, they did little damage to a purely agricultural community by preventing the establishment of manufactures for which there was no capital. In return, she protected them from all foreign enemies. Moreover, in so far as she was wrong in this matter, she has been kept in countenance by the conduct of the dominant majority of the Union towards the so-called staple States of the South. Moreover, a little knowledge of American history will show that the intention to break away from England was, in the case of the New England States at least, as old as their first establishment. The Pilgrim Fathers went forth from a country where they could not have their own way to found a community in which they could establish Governments more or less despotic for themselves. Their descendants watched for every chance of breaking away, and seized it when the arms of England had rid them of all fear of the purely military colonies of France, all this was doubtless in the natural order of things, and is no reason why hostile feelings should be cherished on either side, and certainly not on the one which proved victorious. The other States of the world, every one of which has suffered wrong at the hands of its neighbours, are not perpetually demanding and offering forgiveness. The cause of quarrel removed, or mutually recognised as irremovable, they settle down to relationships of friendship or hostility, as their interests seem to counsel at the moment. It is high time that England and America should begin to do so too. This continual fingering of the bones of old quarrels is doubly ridiculous when it is remembered that the majority of the citizens of the United States are born of parents who have emigrated from Europe since the War of Independence; and in most cases their ancestors fought if they fought there at all, on the side of England. How many of the German citizens of the Union can be fairly represented by Baron Stephen, and how many should be typified by some descendant of one of the Hessian mer- canaries who were not the least hated portion of the English armies And what, after all (for this is a practical matter), is likely to be the value of America's assurances that she is at last satisfied with our repentance 3 We do not mean their value as an expression of politeness, but as a proof that we may expect friendly action from America. Virtuallynone. If any proof that it is so was needed beyond the endless tracasseries of the fishery question, we have had one in the prompt endorsement of Lieutenant Schwatka's action in taking possession of Canadian territory. j\ud now we are again told that the United States will not allow European Powers to make a canal on the American continent the subject of diplomatic arrangements among themselves. She will regard anything of the sort as an infringement of her recognised overlordship in the New World. All this is natural enough, we readily admit. The United States, like other nations which, with a single exception, do not regard themselves as existing for the benefit of their neighbours, will be guided by a regard for their own interests. The question for us to consider is whether those interests and our own may not clash. That they have often done so in matters of territorial claims and fishery rights we have ample reason to know. Sir Robert Peel was not the last British statesman who was exercised by the difficulty of putting our relations with America on a sound footing, nor is Lord Granville likely to be. Difficulties between nations are not the more likely to cease because concession is always on one side. And there are certain American interests of a domestic kind which are by their nature hostile to England. Foremost among them is the very pressing necessity of conciliating the Irish vote. We know, for assurances to that effect are very many, that what is called the respectable part of the American public has no particular love for the Irish element. That was antecedently probable, and is doubtless true ; but it does not alter the fact that American statesmen regulate their conduct by the Irish vote all the same. The platonic affection of the more respectable part of American society is a very welcome tribute to our good qualities. Unfortunately, it stops short of pro- producing much effect beyond occasional displays of civility. The misfortune of respectable people is that they are generally cowards. Now we will not go so far as to apply that offensive epithet to those Americans who do not approve the vagaries of the Congress and the Cabinet at Washington; but it is beyond dispute that the geniuses who work the machine which grinds out popular wisdom can dispense with the respectable people. They cannot dispense with the Irish casting-vote, and, accordingly, they take care to secure it. Nor is it by any means certain that the old feeling of hostility to England which was cherished as their one great national tradition by the American people is quite dead. A distinguished representative of the culture of Boston very recently indulged in the following reflections crepes of a Britisher guilty of sympathising with the confederacy :-" This was in that embittered old war time ; we have since learned how forbearing and generous and amiable Englishmen are ; how they never take advantage of anyone they believe stronger than themselves, unfailing consideration for those they imagine their superiors; how you have but to show yourself successful in order to win their respect and even affection." These sneers, we are afraid, represent a phase of American feeling which so far has shown remarkable vitality. English men who are inclined to take the lovers' duct lately sung by the two countries as meaning much more than such things do in their proper place should understand that many and many an American repeats in his heart words like these every day. The affection of people who protest too much is notoriously open to suspicion. And if a section of American society does compare the tone of English opinion to-day with what it was some twenty years ago, when the ordonnances of Secession were following one another like Austrian earthquakes, and draw deduc- tions not wholly free from contempt, it is no great subject for surprise. The inclination to make the comparison is there, and will survive many accidental gusts of sentiment St. James's Budget. 