Chapter XXII.—"A Message prom her Bear Father." Dan Lester's illness puzzled the doctor sent by Thornley to attend him more than any such simple case was wont to do. In termittent fever did not often hang so per sistently about a great, strong, big-boned fellow like the groom, nor was it usually accompanied by such wasting and delirious fancies as at times possessed his brain. For example, one day Jenny Bright, who helped little Joey to nurse him, was brush ing lip ine stone floor of his room, and had stopped Bhort in simple curiosity to examine one of the flagstones marked rudely with a cross, when she was startled by finding that Dan, far from being asleep as she had imagined, had raised himself with a 'wild cry in bed, and was struggling to scramble out, uttering at the same moment a string of ipassionate imprecations against herself, which nearly stunned her with the force of'their fury. ''Dearie me," she indignantly retorted. " I was only looking at this cross on the stone/which some one has cut with a chisel, and saying that I thought it was a little loose. I should like to know what harm there is in that. Folks will be afraid tojsay their nose is their own by-and-by before you." f' I won't have women folks prying about my room," faintly gasped Dan, pausing on the edge of the bed in sheer weakness and inability to move further. " You mustn't poke about the floor either—looking for tbfngs you'll never find. And don't be touching : the stones—they're cold—cold, and there's blood on them—red blood." >" Cracked! you're cracked as an old tea kettle," said Jenny Bright, coolly con tinuing her sweeping. " You said the same about a pie dish a while ago, with a beef steak in it, that melted like a bit of fresh butter in the month. I'm thinking, Dan Lester, if you go on like this you'll soon be in; a lunatic asylum." , " Don't aggravate me, or I'll turn nasty and puniBh you all," he furiously growled. "You're all in league agen me, but if I like I can pay you back sweetlyi and Mr. Thornley worse nor any of you." "Youpay me back, you bag o' bones 1" cried Jenny, with sovereign contempt and a light laugh. "It'll be long or you're able to do that, considering all I've done for you, coming over here and neglecting my own work to see you comfortable and clean. But that's all the thanks one gets. Men would lie up to the eyes in dirt and say they never were so comfortable; though I must say that Jim is not like that, and always thanks me for what I do." i" Jim be Dan was groaning out as he dropped back in bed, when Jenny stopped nim with a warning jerk of the sweeping brush. I" Say a word against him, you ungrateful sinner, and I'll throw the brush at your head, and leave you in all your dirt," she said, and so flushed and resolute did she. appear that Dan was. compelled, to,'change, his tone, and craved her pardon ;in tones so abject, ending in si flood of tears induced by . sheer weakhess> that.. Jenny became more than ever convinced that his reason was affected.' ' V " When a brute like Dan begins to! cry like a baby its time to get the straight waistcoat ready," was her mental comment, andher reflection was only confirmed when she found next morning that Dan's bed had been moved, so. that one of the heavy wooden posts rested exactly above the flag stone marked with the cross. . " He said he couldn't sleep till his bed wks put . there," said Jim, in a subdued whisper just outside the room, when Jenny asked for an explanation. " He said he always saw a face looking out of. the floor at him--reproachful like—a face like the old doctor's/What qeeer fancies he, takes.!? " I tell you he's: mad. Hell want, his ■ bed on top of the chimney next, to be cool , and niry, said Jenny, emphatically. "There must be. something bad on his mind - that he's so restless, and see if J don't tellthe doctor .that when he. comes. .What's the good of him writing out prescriptions and mixtures, .for him, when: all the. time the trouble's in his mind." ... Joey thinks so too," whispered Jim, whose opinion; of Jenny's Bhrewdness amounted to little short of worship, "and I never knew you both to be wrong at once. : '..' So the next time the doctor came he wis neatly intercepted by the dauntless Jenny, and well primed with all her opinions and suspicions, and when he entered Dan's room and found the bed stuck all awry in the middle of the room, and Dan looking more weak and wasted and nerveless than ever, he ventured to say gently— "You don't seem to gather strength, Daii, though the fever has pretty well spent itselfl "What's the reason of that, think you? A great, strong fellow like you ought to throw off trouble more easily." : ;" I don't know," sulkily answered the Satient. "I'm not here to learn you your usinessy am IP" " Certainly not, but are yeu sure your mind is quite at ease ? Are you not fret ting, about something—some debt, Or some sweetheart, or something ?" ' " Don't speak, about sweethearts, or Til show you I'm stronger than you think," cried Dan in sudden fury—"strong enough to brain you! Thornley's set you on to nag me about that, cuise him! I know he has, but IH pay him back yet—sweetly." "You're wrong there, Dan, for the minister has never once mentioned your name to me," quietly answered the doctor, who was quite accustomed to Dan's capricious' temper. " He has more pleasant things to - think about, seeing he is to be married in a few days to Miss Hilda—happy man I" /'Happy, is he?" said Dan, with some curiosity. "Are.you sure of that? If I thought it I'd soon spoil his happiness." "Tuts, that's spiteful, man," lightly re turned the doctor. "You can neither be happy yourself nor let others be happy. I'm I afraid your mind's not quite at ease. . "Well, if it isn't, what's that to you?" snarledDan, rising wrathfully on his elbow, and chaining both the doctor and Jenny with his fierce eves./ "Can't I have an uneasy mind if I "like ? ; Nobody's got any right to interfere so long's I'm pleased, have they?" The argument was unanswerable, and both attendants looked very stupid at the sharp rejoinder. But there came no chance to renew,the query, for Dan resolutely re fused to see the doctor again. A new no tion'had got into his head—that the doctor was in league with Thornley to poison him —to reduce him by slow degrees to a state of weakness, and then, when suspicion was not likely to be excited, quietly extinguish the life lingering in his frame. "Jim will get me the herbs I want, and Joey can watch them infusing, and 111 very soon cure myself," he said, with. more energy than he had yet displayed. " I may need all the strength I can get in a day or two if the fit comes on me. The next day, while Dan lay thinking, with his (eyes closed, and while Joey and Jenny were speaking in whispers, and moving about as noiselessly as possible, under the impression that he was peace fully sleeping, he was startled by the rattle of wheels stopping in front of the cottage, and Jenny's joyful exclamation, " Oh, Joey, it's Miss Hilda! bless her kind heart and sweet face! She's come all the way from Edinburgh to; see us, and maybe look how the old place is get ting on. IH go out and tell her not to come in fer fear of waking Dan. He's generally as cross as two sticks when he wakes, and she's not so able to manage him as me. All his big looks don't frighten me. I'm the boy to tame hi™ when he's in his tantrums!" _ Dan, lying with his face to the wall, con tinued tp breathe heavily with his eyes closed, but his thoughts assumed the form of : a growling imprecation at the unflatter ing speaker. " What in the name of blazes was women invented for but to torment us. I wish I could pitch 'em all into the sea." In a moment or two he was conscious of a new presence in the room, in the person of'Hilda, who was_bending over his wasted and sunken face in hushed interest, while Jenny gave her a whispered account of his illheBS, the severity of the symptoms, and the odd fancies of the patient. f Poor, poor fellow! if I had known he was so ill I should have come out oftener to see," he heard Hilda say, in a voice tremulous with emotion and pity. "How thin he is—what a shock his system has got; and" he fancied he saw papa looking at him out of the floor. I believe, with all his apparent roughness, he loved poor papa. He looks as weak and helpless us a child," and as the last words fell in a subdued whisper on his ear, Dan felt one soft, warm tear drop on his big-boned hand as it lay outside the coverlet. The tear seemed to burn into the skin and flesh, and Dan had great difficulty in keeping up the appear ance of slumber and steady breathing owing to, a choking feeling which suddenly swelled out in his throat. "Well, I'm blessed!" he thought, using a favorite adjective. "Crying for me!" I never knew but one that would drop a tear for me, and she's dead.. I wish she'd go away quick. I don't feel quite com fortable. Hang it! did I ask her to come here and cry over me? Can't people let me alone ? I'd rather croak and ha' done wi' it. But Hida seemed in no hurry to go. She looked round on the miserable den and contrasted it with the luxurious rooms at the manse which she was so soon to' occupy, and felt a pang of self-reproach,' She was sure that Dan's blankets were neither big enough nor warm enough, and arranged there " and then with Jenny for a full supply from one of the best beds in Sunny Bank. And then the stone floor caught her eye, and a warm, carpet and cocoa matting were ordered from the same place, with a great, roomy chintz-covered easy-chair, which had been Dr. Malcolm's favorite study chair for reading or , think-• ing. Fowls, too, were to be sacrificed with out stint till Dan showed- something like his former strength; and, after a dozen more such directions and orders, Hilda -at, laBt tripped softly out of ; the room and. was driven off to Edinburgh, leaving Dan more uncomfortable than he had ever felt iii his life.. / "I don't want people to be kind to me— : and. sympathising—and to. drop tears on my hand," he groaningly thought, "especial^ her. If it had been anybody else but her. I wiBh she was married, an' it was all over, for I'm blow'd if I don't feel inclined to let it all out, and save her, after all." . And when the blankets were brought in, a great woolly bundle from the big house, and the matting, and carpet, and easy-chair followed, Dan, to the amazement of Jenny, who" had pfoDhesied the most rigorous opposition on his part, sat thoughtful and silent in bed while they arranged every thing snugly and comfortably. He even allowed them to move back his bed to its old place, heedleBs of the stone with the cross being left-unguarded. Hilda's kind ness was nothing—in-Dan's ignorance of refined society he thought that that was -merely a lesson taught her at school—but ■ the single tear dropped on his hand seemed to have sunk and sunk till it reached his \- heart, where it burned and glowed cease lessly. Jenny was astounded,; for she had not once got an opportunity for calling-him v a surly brute " from the visit of her young • mistress, and she even whispered to Joey that she- thought the'last sleep had done him good, and - that: he' was reidly mending—in temper—after all. And that: night—when the curtain brought from Sunny Bank was drawn, across the window to keep out the /draught, and the carpet laid, and a big fire roaring in the grate, and Dan propped in the easy chair by the fire while his bed was being made—to the astonishment of Joey, when he asked if he would read him something, Dan said " Yes/' and proposed the Bible as the -book to be read. Jim Jenkins, who was making the bed in Jenny's absence, stopped in the spreading of a blanket with something like a thrill of joy at his heart. " At last4?' he thought, " Dan is beginning to: think a bit. The illness has done him good, and he's going to be a better man." : \- But all this fond hope was rudely die pelled when Dan added, withgreat zest— " Bead me something horrihle and spiteful, Joey- lad—something out of the old Bible about 'an eye for an:eye, or a tooth for a tootb,' or ' whoso sheddethu fiaan's blood," and so on; or about Agag being hewed in pieces before the Lord.' Them's the sort' of paesagesfor me! None o'your sentiment and softness about them—good solid Scrip ture,1 which nobody can fight about the meaning of," and Dan rubbed his thin hands gloatingly, as if eagerly anticipating a treat of no ordinary nature. But Joey only looked up in . pained sur prise, and said simply— " I don't care for them passages, Dan nobody does now but the Jews, and you know everybody hates the Jews. You wouldn't like everybody to hate you, would you?" "Shouldn't care a—a bit," said: Dan, coolly, very nearly saying1 something else. "Don't want anybody to like me—except you, Joey—oh, yes, except you," he added with real feeling in his tone. " But I can't like you if you like horrible things," very gravely returned Joey. " And yen know you don't like them in reality— you only make believe, to frighten folk. Oh, I_ know you, Dan I" and Joey laughed over his own acuteness and penetration, till a reflection of the smile was forced out on even Dan's face. "Now, look here—Til read you a . far nicer thing," and without giving Dan time to object.or dictate, Joey turned up the fifth chapter of Matthew,' arid began to read the Sermon on the Mount. Dan listened in silence, while Jim Jenkins chuckled huskily and tearfully behind the blankets over Joey's easy victory; but after a little Dan stopped the slew reader with7 the words— "Bead that bit over again, Joey," and; Joey went back with his finger and1 read—; " Blessed are -the rrierciful, for they shall j obtain mercy." " Tell me what that means,- Joey, for I don't rightly know," said Dan, with his. eyes half closed, and his head leaning j thoughtfully on his hand. "It means not to be too hard, on them when you've the chance," said Joey—" not to hit them on the head or grind them down too much." "Just so, Joey, but what does it say about when you're merciful to one, and so bring a great curse on another? That's what I wan't to know." Joey looked over the whole chapter, but could find no light on the point, though he found and read with great emphasis the following words:— "Ye have heard that it hath been said, 'an eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth, But I say unto you . . whosoever shall smite thee on the right cheek turn to him. the other also. Love your enemies, bless them that curse yeu, do good to them that hate, and pray for them that despitefully use and persecute you, that ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven.'" "No use reading any more of . that, Joey," said Dan resolutely. "It ain't for me. ■ It's too good. I'm not going to do any such things with my enemies, I can tell you, and them that persecuted me had better look out, that's all. But I've a good mind to be merciful to them that didn't persecute me—them that I've no ill- will agen, and that felt for me in my troubles— I've a good mind—I've a good mind—" and the rest was lost to Dan's hearers, for he seemed to relapse into deep thought, though that a great struggle was going on in his mind was quite evident-from the bright pink of his cheeks and the trembling of his wasted hands. Dan spoke little more that night, and the gardener, believing that some good influ ence was at work in his breast, telegraphed to Joey with a'look not to bother hirii with too much talk. At last Dan staggered and tottered back to bed and appeared to. go to sleep, and Jim carried out his boy" and locked the door, putting the key in at the window in case of accidents, or Dan want ing something before morning. Then, when the sounds in the next room told him that they were housed for the night, Dan started up in bed with his eyes still preternaturally bright, and his cheeks a fevered red. "I've a good mind," he muttered—"I've a good mind," and after a long lodk at the corner of the carpet covering rns hide in the floor he slowly and painfully crawled out of bed and made for the spot, his knees shaking under him, and his hands clinging for support to1 chairs, or table, or bedposts as they came in his way. Dropping on his knees with a long mason's chisel in his hands, he turned up the carpet and. eyed the stone long and earnestly, still furiously muttering his-, watchword, " I've a good mind! She's a good girl, and I ought to save her. She dropped a tear for poor Dan, who hasn't a friend except little Joey in the whole world. I've a dashed good mind to do it 1" r In a minute or two he was prising desperately at the flagstone, and, though it was still loose, the exertion in his weak Btato brought a- thick perspiration to his temples. -At last, with many a panting rest, he got out the tin canister, replaced the stone and carpet, and carried his treasure hack to bed with him, where he hugged it close and tight in his arms, as one might hug a darling child. • "I might make up my mind all of a sudden like," he thought, as he concealed 1 the canister, at the hack of the mattress, and composed himself to sleep. Then I would have it ready without letting any one see me take it out. I'll sleep on it—oh, I wish I could sleep now—sleep for ever." ' Sleep would not come now—his excite ment had increased to a species of delirium, and he tossed and tumbled in pain. At length, far on in the morning, -he slum bered heavily. Jim Jinkins brought him in a hot cup of -coffee, but found him so (>rfiound - asleep that he did not disturb him,' but left it to Cool on the table hy his bed side, while he went off in the grey light to see after some flowers and decorations that had been uppermost in his thoughts for days past.- - At last a great clanging and jangling awoke'him to find Joey watching by his bedside, and the clear morning sunshine streaming into the room. The low level' rays told him that the sun was not long' above the-horizon, but the clanging souha continued and puzried him not a little; "Whv. .Taat lafJ. wbnit'fl tTi&t.P;? bn wi "Why, Joey lad, what's that P" he cried, - bending his head to-listen. " It can't be that - I've slept two or three days, and that it's Sunday morning ?" - " No, indeed, Dan; hut-its something far better. It's the bells ringing for Miss Bilda's wedding. They're to be at it off - and en all forenoon." " Hilda's wedding! Why, is ' this Christmas Eve, as they call it, al ready?" cried Dan with a powerful start, and feeling hastily for." the tin canister atithe hack of the bed.: "I was dreaming about Miss Hilda last night—and the old man—the doctor. - He was. pulling my sleeve, and looking into my face so pitiful likey Joey. My God I I can't stand thia1 any longer. I must go' arid see Miss Hilda at the house now." , " Oh,- Dan! you're riot able to go to the house, and, besides, Miss Hildas not there.'7 She's staying in Edinburgh with her friends, and is to he married in the rihurich' there—the church you used to drive them, to—with bridesmaids, and flowers," and everything grand," and Joey looked round towards the door at last, as if fairly frightened at Dan, and convinced that he was staring mad.' 1 ("Then I-must gb in and stop', it !" shouted Dan,-"'beginning to' struggle Iron* the bed and stagger, towards his long un used moleskins arid heavy fcobtq, "You.couldn't! .you'dkill yourself out right," cried Joey, laying a pleading hand: on Dan's arm. " Oh, Dan! you loye me, Iknow—-won't you believe, meP ; You^e^ 7 very ill indeed; and will'drop befbre'yQtt^e]7,' out of the lane." „ .. .. "I -won't 1 I'll ride in on thep6nj£-r ' straight to the church," grimly returned ' ' this gaunt shadow, struggling into his |50ee' clothes, with determination oh every l&e; of' r~ his face. "Don't be frightened/ Joey, ' 7 dear—I'm not somad as I look; I'm sensible \'' and strong—that is, pretty strong^—hot over. ^ Strang, either, hut strong enough to go into '77. Edinburgh and speak to Miss Hilda. before .7 she marries that-man. I've a messes to1''l her—a message from her dead father. Joey wrung his hands and burst Into 7 tears. It was too clear to him that Dan ., was fairly insane, and he fully expected ;, every moment to see him drop down on the ground in a heap, and die before his eyes, writhing horribly. But no such thing hap pened. Dan smoothed him with almost a , - ; woman's .tenderness, and calmly "refused to wait till Jim Jenkins returned, and then raised the latch and went out into the cold air and clear sunlight, walking, with that preternatural, stiffness and steadiness which, some dirunkehmen show when wishing to be thought sober. Out into. the open lane and then into the next door he moved, and their Joey crawled across the floor to see him quietly though feebly fastening a saddle and bridle on the pony, which was .7 whinnying joyfully to him as to. an old friend. 7 " 7 . ,.7 "Steady, Mary, lass—I'm not SO strong " as I 'was, and you'll heed to Stumble", hobe,,:... r or.down I'll go like a log," Dan wag saying, f,7 as he crawled about'the. pony like' a,. wan • ghost, with1 his clothes flapping, loosely'on' ,7 -bis wasted1 "finme.'; ."Now, th'enj. steady, -.7, tflll'see'if I've the message afl i^!h%''and-7;^ hejleant heavily on the pony while he felt, his pocket for a . moment and produced a . cominon-lookihg tin canister, while. Joey , prayed masjlyall the while that God would send his father that Way to save poor, mad DanXester. "All light; now I'll. get up,"said the . feeble, sickly shadow, and then with soma slow and desperate struggling he struggled on to the pony's back, where his long, lank ' , limbs hung down nearly touching the 7 ground, and his attenuated body swayed so7 7 dangerously that he had to cling with both hands to the saddle pommel to steady, him self.' - : . -7 L ■ ''■< " No, go, lass ! go! but slow: at first, 'at':-. dowi I tumble," he; said, and 7the";^ony :. . obeyed at once, as sensibly .as if r ^ra had 7 ■ understood every word. ' .. Then, through the village from end to, end 7,, went a shock of surprise, when Dan's well known figure, grown long and thin.-mth sickness, was seen riding smartly, through. 7 ' to the Edinburgh road, looking more like a corpse than a breathing man. But no one stopped him, and .their surprised looks jdie-. r turned him-little, though they foHp.wecl, 7,' him every inch of the wayi Cartera looked . * up in astonishment, akin to honor' at'the * ghastly face and swaying figure; tramps ' stared vacantly, . and" in at Edinburgh scarcely a passenger looked at him without the same irritating and prolonged stare of wonder. The houses and big churches, and even the sky, were hazy and jumbled to his vision, hut the faces were clear enough to call many an imprecation to his lips. " Curse them all 1" he groaned out from time to time as he nearedhis destination. " Can't I look horrible, and white,, and . thin, if I like ? What have people got to , do with my looks? Can't they, let me r alone?" (To le coKtinwi.) ■ . 