Theke .is -no -local board in existence now to control matters affecting the Public School and assist the teacher, — the board having been smothered with the late Council of Education. But something .will have to be done to make more ac commodation in the school, and some bodv must move in the matter. The schoolroom is now ' jammed right up,' -as the American would say. Constructed with a cubic area for the accommodation '-* ' jof 90 children, it. is not satisfactory that '' -over 100 are daily crowded up in it like *' . » Findon Haddocks in a tin. If this sort 1 of thing is allowed to continue, many of our children will be going the way of ** the local board and the council. The ^average attendance is up to 90 ; and as many as 119 have been packed in the -room. With such, a building it would ' ^be cruelty to -apply the principle of com -pulsion, though it must be patent enough _ that it is necessary here as well as in ?- ' other places. With, the exception of limited space, there is every reason to be well satisfied with, the local state school, \ - as anyone may observe for himself by : - ' ' spending there an hour as a visitor while ?-, v school duties are going on. Herein an r , education is given the child calculated to make glad the heart of the parent ; but, '?- ' under .such, circumstances as exist at ^ present, that education must be confined ! ' to the mind only, and the good old pre ;\f - ' eept which teaches that it is wise to cul '-« tivate a sound mind in a sound body . cannot have any force here. No parent ?would willingly expose his child to danger : hence we would warn parents in Cootamundra of an approaching danger \--'' to their children's health if they are to be I^i * - cooped up in such a meagre building ;^ */, our Public School. There is no/: c^^' 5 '- for alarm at present; and we are :n6w 'v l giving the hint that something must be t1 ' done to provide increased accommodation i by the close of the winter season, and the necessary movement should be made -' '' --at once.. It was proposed some . time J since to erect an infant schoolroom ; and the Department could not do better, so for as we can see at present, than to give \-- effect to this proposal. In the absence ' of a local board it would be as well for '[ ' some one to draw the inspector's attention 1 - to the matter. y ._ ? ? : — ; ? ? , Professor. Rice, - the Mind-Reader. — This gentleman, an American, gave three \- ' entertiainments and a matinee to the school , - children in Cootamundra this week. Ample ? i opportunity was thus given of testing the -\ ,v. A ' marvellous power which he claims to possess 1 of psy.chometry, or, in its literal sense, mind J- s measuring. The Professor styles his power 'mind-reading;' and there is no doubt he ' ' ' has the -power of impressing on his own mind \- * the picture and locality which are secretly V , ' impressed on the mind of any person who may give him a test. He was subjected to very severe tests in Cootamundra, and suc ceeded amazingly. The modus ojperandi is as «' ' follows: — A person thinks of some object ' ,-' .in the room — no matter what it may be, or \- - , whether it is hidden or open to view; and ' * „. .he takes the person by the hand, presses it *- ' ' to his own forehead, ostensibly for the pur pose of receiving the mental impress, and he i j then conducts the person to the locality df j the object thought of and finds it. He will -' \ find the largest or most conspicuous object, and succeed equally as well with the most \- '?- ' insignificant thing. The display of mind reading gave the utmost satisfaction here. — Professor Rice gives an interesting expose of so-called spiritualism; performs tricks in legerdemain and materialisation; does the Davenport rope trick ; Miss Jenny Holmes's cabinet mystery, and otherwise entertains v , his audience. His great wonder in the. line ? of tricks, for a trick he admits it to be, is the production of a ghost from an isolated ' cabinet in which he is securely fastened as ' the sole occupant ; and the ghost, which 1 comes out of the cabinet and stalks and loaps about, was made real enough here to frighten a nervous young lady into fits. m*»a«nM»WMn iti'n ? ? __, ? ? .., i .i.«!1.it. 