AN UNFORTUNATE PLEASURE SAiL. [By Quentin Query.] The air grew colder, and a slight wind began to move, swaying the mainsail. "Now," said Tiller, "we have made some headway is after all we are nearing our port, and if the wind gets up we may manage, with the help of the oats, to land in time yet. Get a piece of stronger rope, Fidget, and I'll sit at the helm." The latter again entered the cabin, and proceeded at owe to the fo'c'sle, where he had felt the yard. He had scarcely been out of sight a minute. when he reappeared in a state of the greatest alarm, with his eyes staring, and scarcely able to utter a word. " What's up now ; have you seen Davy Jones' ghost?" he was naked. We're done for," he cried in a hoarse voice ; " she's sprung a leak The water's coming at the bows, and running on the cabin floor. O Lord!" The three stared at each other for a moment bewildered, and looking despairingly at the no rest Lind, Fidget continued, "I'll never get to shore boys. Oh, my poor mother !" (he had been the sole support of his aged parent, for many a year). Tiller, gaining breath, said "Let's see what's ' wrong ; while Stilldy, with a grave, air race, passed quickly into the cabin, ., Nod unit of 1 it," he said, '" I feel the water in the fo'c'sle Strike a light, and got something to bail it, while I haul out the articles." Sturdy had everything out in a second or two, and proposed to tear up the flooring to see the extent of the " damage. " No, need said Tiller, bringing forward the lamp, " keep the water under as much as possible. There's not much after all. I ' don't see how it can have got in we haven't ""struck a rock." Fidget listened at the cabin door, afraid to enter, his nerves strung to their utmost to know the result of the examination, yet fearing to hear the worst as he expected. A sudden exclamation by Tiller, followed by a hurried whispering and strange suppressed sound by both inside, was received by Fidget as expressions of despair, and he became half-crazed " Come here, Fidget," cried Tiller. "No," was a determined reply J " If we're KeR down, say so at once," and he gave vent to a mixture of lamentations, half-pious, half-profane. i gain the prayerful sounds were repeated inside, and his two com flames emerged from the cabin, hoisting into loud laughter as they saw the demented Fidget preparing to betake himself to the oars for safety. " Keep cool, my boy ; it's all right. We're not going down just yet. The yacht's still water tight; and if you'll go inside, you'll see for yourself the cause of your terriScalinn. Its surely this You appear to have smashed some battles of beer in overturning the Unites blanket, as you called it, and the greater part of the contents escaped on the floor. There was, however, a mouthful or two left, which Sturdy and I secured, and we're not so thirsty now ' Old Yarn was out yesterday, and must have stowed the bottles in the basket. We'll have a joke at 'his expense for this. But, soon, we have some wind now, and the boat's drifting. Let us make another attempt with the oars." After a quarter of an hour's hard struggling the high dark promontory was neared. "Danger ahead," roared Fidget, who had not yet got " ever his fright. "Here's a steamer bearing down on us. Get out the light ; they'll never ' see us in the dark." "Never fear," was the reply ; but Fidget couldn't rest until the bull's-eye was stuck at the bow. "So much time lost, you see," said Tiller, as a steam-tug went puffing and groaning along, towing a string of coal barges in her wake, " We have a few minutes yet before shop-shutting. Pull away, Sturdy. Keep her off the rocks, Fidget." "I'm quite knocked up," returned Sturdy, slackening his speed. "Never mind, thou; i here comes the breeze. In with the oars, and look out for the sails." A strong breeze from the dark and misty east had suddenly risen, and the boat rapidly rounded the headland. "Into the first cove here," cried the captain. . "this little bit. Now I" and the yacht was run ashore on what appeared to be a sandy 1 beach. Hurrah! safe at last," cried Fidget, "Stay, my jolly boy. We have mistaken a ' stone quay for sand, and were stuck. The 1 harbour is alongside. The tide is going fast out, and we must sheer oil". Out with the boot hooks, and push. " All pressure was exerted to move the vessel, but in vain. " We must get out," said Tiller, " and left her at the bows. That's the only way left for us." The captain, however, seemed to think it his duty to stick to his ship. " There's not a minute to lose," be posted ; but Fidget seemed disinclined to get over the side, and explained that as he had had ,, rheumatics recently, he couldn't think of exposing his limbs to the cold water. Sturdy, getting tired of the business, hastily divested himself of boots and stockings, and was in the water in a moment, where he made great exertions with an iron bar he picked up. Several times the boat was raised, and he was sure if he had another to help him she would hauled off. Tiller, seeing that further pushing from the deck was usoIpsb, reluctantly followed his friend and the boat was floated once or twice, but grounded almost immediately. Becoming hopeless, he went off in search of help at the neighbouring habitation, Meanwhile Sturdy continued in the water, making praiseworthy efforts, which seemed at one time crowned with success. The yacht was freed, and a well-directed push by Fidget would have settled the matter, when the loudly flapping sail , bulged out towards him, and a knock from the , boom almost precipitated him into the water. The opportunity for the moment was lost. The mainsail was hauled down, and Sturdy made a dual effort. Again the yacht was floated and her head turned, when Fidget, frightened lest (he should be blown out to sea alone, threatened to jump out and leave her. Sturdy then threw down the iron bar in disgust, and waded oil' painfully, Tiller returned, having been unable to gain admittance at the gate of the building, where he knocked and halloed until tired and the belated crew had to prepare for a night's quarters on Board. First they had to put the yacht to rights. As the tide left her, she was seen to project beyond the jetty over the empty barb wire, and the iron bar, with some pieces of wood, were used to prop her up, as oar on each side being, tied to the stays as a crutch. This done, the party proceeded to the little village some hundred yards distant, stumbling in the da' k faces over the broken ground, Tiller and Sturdy walking much impeded by the wet garments Web clung around their starving limbs. The village was asleep, but it had one eye open-a lit window, that looked through the darkness with a kindly light, and towards it they bent their steps. A statement of foots having been given in a loud voice by Tiller, the doubtful done within was satisfied, and the door, opened. The good woman set about preparing a cup of tea, and something stronger being pieces ary for the wet men in the meantime, these were directed to the nearest inn. Mis- taking their way, they knocked loud and long at the door of what turned out to be an empty dwelling and discovering the place of their dearly, endeavoured to arouse the sleeping inmates ; but Morpheus held their ears, and they heard not. fidget, who stayed behind *upennlej)ding the making of the tea, and who had had a mouthful by this time, led the way to the second son of the place, where, amidst a shower, the party waited while Fidget beat a tattoo with, his peujlçiiifo. After a time sounds jeep heard' in the passage, the chain was detached from behind the door, and a night-cap , pressurised itself. H yap anticipated that there might be some difficulty in obtaining entrance at that hour, and Mat a strong argument and a deal of persuasion would be necessary. Fidget having performed a part, stood aside as the door was opened, and on the appearance of the night-cap, whispered ?8ur»tiveiy, "Now, Tiller, open fire ; but with " at the same moment that Sturdy, making a movement in the darkest corner, also urged the spokesman, who hurried forward, " To be quick about it" Tiller, before he had uttered half-a-dozen syllables, missing his footstep, stumbled towards the door. The night-cap was withdrawn in a twinkling, and the door slammed to, a Wttgh voice, calling out, " Oh, you blackguards I" , is astonished party outside were unable to distant for this strange conduct. " The m- n must be daft," said Fidget, "or delirious with dust He may fire upon us, or do essence harm.' straining heavily, and I'm getting wet. Let'sget 1 S?:?.tlje old wife's for tea. "All very well for you j , Sr8*'» yet we are wet enough. We'll make any ?*wattempthefore'giving Hup . .Thexp»*««* and tUhouae,and seeing a light at one of .?. windows, hailed the person inside, and commenced to explain their errand, each help- ing the others with the statement of facts. " Oh," cried the voice from within, " it's all right. Come round to the door again." The party was admitted without further parley, and the solitary individual who kept the place explained that there had been a row with some drunk quarrymen, who had to be put out of the place at 11 o'clock, and as they had threatened " to do for him," the whispered expressions at the door and Tiller's sudden movements gave him the top dressing, just roused from sleep, that the riots" had returned to wreak their vengeance by shooting at him. The man joined heartily in the laugh when he saw the peaceable looking Fidget, who appeared to him to be not such a bloodthirsty ruffian is he had expected. Having supplied their wants here, they returned to the good woman's friendly tea-table, where they partook heartily and after partially drying their wet clothes, as there was no sleeping accommodation to be had, they made their way to the yacht fortnight quarters. Fidget had some misgivings as to the stability of the vessel, and delayed getting on board, while the others, glad to be down, hurried at once to their berths. Taking a final look round, he climbed on deck, entered, and shut the cabin door. '* Hallo 1 where am I to sleep in" he asked, as he saw each couch was already tenanted. ." Whenever you can find room, was the answer j " in the fo'c'sle that nice cosey place on the floor, or, if you prefer plenty of and you can call yourself in the mainsail outside." Fidget chose the hard floor, in the circumstances; and, resigning himself to his position, endeavoured to snooze, with a roll of sailcloth for a pillow, having a share of space mainsail that acted as general coverlet. The others, tired by their exertions, and helped by their potations, were slumbering in a few minutes ; but poor Fidget, on the hard board lying uncomfortably, could get little rest, and his short naps were troubled with dreams. He was given to talking during sleep, and occa- sionally he would start up with a shout to the annoyance of his companions, under the im- pression that their bed-chamber was overturned, and they were bottom up in the mud. Or, as the covering sail was hauled from side to side, and accidentally drawn over his face, he would feel the horror of being smothered by pirates ; while the noise of a musketry fight was represented, by the ropes Mapping in quick succession against the mind. Though he escaped the nightmares, and felt for the moment relieved, he found it equally unpleasant to be a awake, for than his mind became busy with thoughts of work undone, and of the painful anxiety that would be felt for him at home. He was on the wrong side of the in them he would have hastened home on f to and far away from any means of crossing ; indeed, there would be no passage elsewhere within reach for many hours to come, and there was no opportunity of telegraphing to his dists eased paroo t. Thankful as he had been to reach the land! in safety, yet being now hopelessly lived until the return of the tide, no nearer home, forced to remain inactive, he was extremely miserable. His companions were, sound asleep how he envied their heedlessness of the morrow I-and he was without sympathy, and all unhappy. He lay watching the lamp he had lit for tho sake of comfort, and tried to console himself in comparing his position with that of storm- ¡ affrighted emigrants on the voyage from their native land to a strange country, fastened down for days in an agony of suspense with the dim lamp swinging fitfully in their dingy cabins ; but the picture of his poor mother I moving ' rostlosBly about her chamber fighting with her fears and praying for her bairn would still forces itself upon him! He rose and withdrew the hatchway, it was too dark to see about him, and the wind was blowing hard. ' He was glad to betake himself again to his hard couch. " Ayo," he sighed,, time and tide for no 'man carries, and the wind blows when we can't take advantage of 'it. Had we been afloat now, we would have run down in an hour. Just my bad luck. I'm, always getting; into scrapes. This is an unfortunate pleasure said. Still, the case is not so bad as that of the five fellows who lost themselves in a fog, from Saturday afternoon to Sunday evening, one of their number jumping into the water as they approached the shore, and wading leland, running some miles till be found a crossing boat, and reaching horne as the sole survivor, with the news that there was no hope of the safety of his companions. There will be some hope at home for its yet " Fidget thinking, and regretting, and wishing, dropped off to sleep, and awoke when the grey light of morning came lingeringly through the small panes of glass that were beaded over with the condensed breath of t the sleepers. The atmosphere was too hot for him, and he is cleared the space at the hatch to admit of moto air. It was past two o'clock, and its his slumbers had not been very refreshing, he would, try another name for an hour or two, and got up to see about lau telling the yacht. He was soon again doing hard labour in dreamland on board a ship fixed amongst the rocks on one of the Cannibal Islands, making superhuman efforts, along with Tiller and Sturdy, to shove the vessel off ; now he was hiding himself in the hold, cramped amidst boxes,' whose sharp corners pressed into his sides. He was discovered, and a black native, with mouth gaping ready to eat him, stood over him with an upraised tomahawk. Just a second, to mutter ' a prayer, and the instrument de- ' scended crash on the side of Fidget's face, Such a blow it was, that seemed to lay his head open, and make all the stars of heaven dance before him At the same instant a loud explosion occurred Sturdy had fired the powder magazine. Fidget sprang up with a yell that caused the othersleepors to awake.? ''What's up now I" exclaimed Tiller ; are you to give us no peace ?" " Oh, I'm half killed," towed Fidgoi, ." Mid Minds of an eye j look at the lump." " Boon fighting with somebody in your ' sleep," queried Tiller, rubbing his eyes,' "No, no," cried the victim, evidently suffering great pain, " it was Sturdy, here; he has come down on my face with his heavy boots." Then Fidget'' explained his dream. < Sturdy had felt a twitch of rheumatism in his limbs, and had kicked out, dropping, his head heavily on Fidget's face, and a big gun had been fired by a vessel in the vicinity, thus' accounting for the explosion of the dreamer's imagination. Fidget now endeavoured to keep awake, but fell into a half-dozen half:waking slate, from which he was aroused by a slight noise. On opening his eyes he again received a shock on seeing a swarthy face at the hatchway, and a pair of dark eyes peering at him. He scarcely know for a moment whether or not he was still dreaming of his cannibal tormentors. It was merely a passer-by, curious to see whether any one was on board ; but the disturbance was too much for Fidget's nerves, and he gave up hope of further rout, and left the yacht. He set himself to study animal life amongst the rocks. This work was too old to last long, and he went off to explore the village. There was little to interest him in its narrow and irregular streets. The harbour was empty of shipping, but contained a remarkable amount of old boots and broken crockery. On returning to his companions, the party sought the help of the natives as they appeared. None of the various modes of getting the boat afloat appear- ing safe enough to Tiller, it was resolved to leave it, and got home by the first train, which would be starting in a few minutes. After a "mission" to the station, Fidget in the hurry still wearing the oilskin headpiece, they were just in time. . Maofidijet found his mother and friends in a great state of anxiety, as might be expected. His mother had been at Yachtport at five o'clock in the morning, seeking in vain for tidings, the little Mucfldgot who accompanied her-one of the three orphan grandchildren who resided with her-lamenting pathetically the loss of his real live.. If we amid only find his body," said the little man, "and got it home with us, it would be a comfort to you. I wouldn't care for myself, I'll soon be hit; and able to work; but what will poor Tuck and Sissy and you do, grandma 1" It was some time until the poor body got over the effects of her fright, and Mac fidget keeps carefully out of temptation by bond- in; his steps in an opposite direction to the sea side, thinking there is too much trouble and danger on the water, and preferring to stay ashore and sing the song of The Yachtsman. (Concluded J Teacher : " Why is it, John, that you are always, at the foot of your class ?" John: "The sweetest ; fruit goes nearest the earth, sir. And the closer to the ground the former the foundation," 