Amusements. Tap- MJBsmwMSOHN .QrafXBSEER. jQips.— Tbe MenidelBBphn Quintette Olab gave- the first of a aeries of *vha.t are really onamber «ono«rts, at the Masonic Hall, on Saturday erenfaifc to a large aadienoe. The programme consisted of eight in Btrnmental and two yoeal pieoes, all of -wbioh were applauded to the eoho. Daring tie first part of the oonoert the persistent applatue resulted ia lengthen ing the programme considerably, three enoores being respoudad to. In the aeoondparfe of the entertain' mentt isir. -JUyan, in reply to a demonstrative call, explained that time did not permit of encores. Of what Kia'jkbe termed the concerted insfcrtunental musio, nofc of i^reaented any great difficulties of execration, and all ttat «an be said is that the mnaio wag oorreotly and artistically rendered. Ra!ff'e*?The Miller's pretty daughter' was perhaps the trrsatest suooeaB in thts part of the ?onnert, and it waa evident tihataenJeetieBefniusifal light and shade were in the hands of able «xptm«nta. The soloe, with aosompaniments JbytheirsBtof Ihe di*,^were pieoes of considerable diffieuTty, 'and well oalsulated to test -the abilities of the various executants, and were rendered in a way which open forth the plau dits and warm, approbation of the audience. Miss Cora littler- is the' possessor of a very finesoprano voice, the. notes of her middle end upper' Twister being particularly rich aadi effectire. Har seleotion of .songs was-nai^ltogfither. a happy ene, Doni zetti's ra'aer florid siria,' Ee Crnoile,* waB any1 thing but suitad'to 'ahowoff hervoiee t» the best ad.vaate.go. Sba was heard, kow©Teji,td gxe*fc afi vantajeiniho If Song to Ssvilla,' and proved her* eelf a sinVer of a Very high order. Whilst -the applause from the back eaate -teas at times aKttle too persistent, yet it ge.veevidene«s of a growing musi cal taste in this part of the colonies, a. taste not for the catching airs of the opera bsoffe, bnt tho severer studies of the great joasterfe. -'-* *''?''. ' queen's 'i9si.TKE.7rUn Sfttiiraay jar. waiter Eeynol(?s madeiiis dthid as an aoior in one of his own dramas, ' Tried *«id True,' ia which various .styles of character are ponrtrayed with ersat foroe and trnthfnlness. Hawas admirably eoppocted by Miss Marian Willis and the rest «f theoomoany. Although tbe drama is not highly original, it nsverthei&ss; com prises many startling situations, 'whioh the skilled artistes of the Queen's made the most of. There w&s; a fair bouse, and the efforts of the oonipany to please wore much applauded. ? . Theateb Eotaj-. — ' M*d»me Faverf' continues its onward course at the Theatre ttoyal, and attracts fair housns. This i»s be«n the rule since it was first placed upon the ctage, and Saturday night was no exception to the. rule. There was a fait house, the singing and acting were excellent, and the applause was enthusiastic. School of Abts. — Mr. Macoabe would draw a hon&o; anywhere, and hence it is *ot surprising that the entertainments of » man diitinznished by suoh venatility of talent should be well attended. Is brief he is excessively amusing and the very esseaoe of fun and humour. There was a f nil house again on Saturday night. Tictobia Hall. — We believe jn ghosts of the D'Arcy Bead type. There is fan and frolic in «uch eho&ts.; They are not the flgshless' phantoms or headless horsemen of vulgar erednlity, bat respect able ghosts BBch as may be seen but not handled, and who act as ghosts oue*ht to do. The public ought to witness this weird spectacle, for it conveys a very clear idea of the extent to whieh the art of illusion may be carried, ' The Messiah. — The Sydney Musical Union care Handel's grand oratorio ' The Messiah,' on Friday evening, at the Aahnold Sohool of Arts, to a fairly large antience. The principals weieliiiss Shisway (soprano), a lady amateur (?ontraltoj, Mr. J. EGnehy (tenor), and Mr. Hallewell (bass). Miss Shipway, who possesses a sweet voice of average power, sang the Btnsic allotted to her with taste and feeling, her best effort being 'I know that nur ' if edeemer liveth.' The earlier singing of tha lady amateur was, to B»me extent, marred by a feeling of usrvousnesB, but, as the evening wore en, a per ceptible improvement took place, and the air 'He was despised' was erandly rendered. This lady has an excellent voice, the notes in thelower register being particularly full and rich. Mr. Hinohy, who waB obviously Buffering from theeffedta of a cold, was moat successful in ' But Thou didst not leave,' and indeed, rendered tbe whole of the tenor aansie with good offeot. Mr. Hallewell was in axsellent voice, and sang the muei* agsigned to him exceptionally well throughout. Bis rendering of the airs ' Why do the nations ?' and 'The trumpet shall sound' waa masterly, and elicited warm approbation. Of the e'eorae it is almost impossible. to. speak in too high terms of praise. ' They sang well together and in gcod tune, and altogether gav« evidence of careful' tr&inicg.; Tha chornsei, ' All jre like cheep' and ' Lift up your heads,' were enng particularly well. Mr. Sydney Moss, L.C.H., proved himBelf a most efficient conductor, and the oroheBtxal accompani ments left nothing to be desired. L.V. A. Picnic— The licensed victuallers' festival, to be held at the Sir JoEep&Bakk;'a Pavilion, Botany, to-morrow, promises to be an unqualified sneeess. The nuwber of tickets already disposed of is beyond all precedent, and it needs but the kind offiees of the clerk of the weather to witness the cttendanoe^f .a a large number of our bonifsces apd tkfir friends. The idea of condensing into on* fet» th« piople &n;£ hall, hitherto separately held, is in these titses of daily festivity a good, ene. &ud; skculd bear goed frnit. As arrameed, the youngsters can picnic, the elderly can banquet at 6 p.m., ana the adolescent may do both, adtiinp thereto the light fantastic ' biz,' with all its sweet concomitants. Mr. -Smith, the caterer, has got the floor in splendid order, the decorations are progressing, and when finished will be equal to anything of the kind hitherto seen in our city, whilst the gaa illumination of the whole seene must render the tout ensemble something' to be remembered for many a lira;: day. A benefit and complimentary . eoncerfe is to be given to .Mrs. Colporse Fraser, to-morrow, at the Protestant Hall. We hare seen the pro grapune to be produced, and anticioate a very plea sant and highly enjoyable, evening. The lady for whose benefit the entertainment is to be given is well and favourably known in the musical society of the city, and has many a time and oft eiven valuable service as accompanist and pianist generally. Among those who will take pare in the concert are Miss Bennett, Mr. J. J. Hinohy, Mr. W. F. Baker, MiBS Kate Horniman, Mr. Gelder, Misses Lowrie and Leask, the Masters Eseonrt and Louis Prftaer. Miss Donovan, Messrs. W. and C. Harris, and Mrs Col borne Fraaar herself. We also hear of a new soprano who will make her debut on the occasion, and whose void e is fiaid to be inferior only to that of lima De M/arska. 