THE GHOST UP AT MOE. SOUTH Gippsland is graced with a district called " Moe" And that in its turn, sir, is graced with a Joey, Likewise with a Cope, a selector who's dosed With visits nocturnal, too oft, from a ghost. Now this ghost must he gifted with sinews and bones, For its chiefe6t amusement is throwing big stones ; And it pelted poor Cope till his body was black As the hat on his head or the coat on his back. So Cope was completely knocked up by the ghost, And he caUed on his friends, and of course he'd a host; And he stated his case, then said they, "Well, friend Cope, We'll watch for this ghost and we'll catch him we hope. So these gallant fine fellows, who live^up at Moe, Secured the assistance of Beck, who's a Joey; And Joey provided himself with some salt To shake on the tail of the bird from the vault. Then Copeand his guardians just numbered sixteen, And a gallanter phalanx was never yet seen; And Beck made a vow as he tippled Bome gin, That he'd darby that ghost, and ere long run him in. So the gallant sixteen sat in Cope's till the clock Struck twelve, then there came a most terrible knock, And the door opened wide, and without any doubt, The ghost glided in, and the sixteen rushed out. But the ghost, who was active, arrested poor Beck, By winding a long bony arm round his neck ; And before you'd say " trapstick" that ghost up at Moe Had clapped the two darbies on Beck, the brave Joey. " Oh, sir, if you please, let me go,' cried poor bob"— '' I will," said the ghost; " when I polish your nob," So he tripped up brave Beck, and the ghost up at Moe Danced jigs all that night on the stomach of Joey. But when the cock crew, he went off in a flame, And Joey went homeward, black, blue, sore and lame; And the darbies were still upon Joey, and these Could be opened with nothing butjskeleton keys. But Cope is still plagued by the ghost all in white, And the other ghoBt-catchers wont stir out at night; And Beck creeps about—poor, disconsolate Joey— Much more like a ghost than the ghost up at Moe, Now all you good people who live thereabout, Be cautious and careful of what you're about; But however you act or whatever you do, Don't go out to catch ghosts, or the ghosts may catch you. 