BEFORE THE CURTAIN. Me. Dew- hurst lias very sue- ce s s fully c ontinued his series jof Shakes- p earian represen- t a t io ns at the Q u e e 11 's , T h e atre. During the week this ace omplished actor has ap peared as Mac beth and Bene dick. These characters are distinct enough, but in"each Mr. Dewhurst was seen to great advantage. His Macbeth was a fine, manly interpretation of the rdle, and he developed the humour of the hero of Shakespeare's comedy with rare success. Both performances were of the very highest merit, and the audiences who assembled to witness them keenly appreciated their several excellences. This, Friday evening, Mr. Dewhurst takes a well-earned benefit at this theatre. The entertainment on this occasion will include ' The Merchant of Venice,' Mr. Dewhurst repeating his admirable performance of Shy lock, a song by Mr. F. J. Halle well, and the farce, ' Turn Him Out,' in which Mr. Frederic Maccabe will sustain the amusing character of Nicodemus Nobbs. Mr. Dewhurst has proved himself a great actor, and his benefit should show the high esteem in which he is held by all lovers of the art of which he is so perfect a master. ' La Fille de Madame Angot ' has replaced Girofle Girofla ' on the boards of the Opera House. This opera is not one on the per formance of which the members of the Kelly and Leon Company especially pride themselves, but they represent it faithfully and with considerable success. Miss Wangenheim sings the music of Clairetta with delightful freedom and spirit, and acts with appropriate vivacity and abandon. Mr. Kelly and Mr. Lester evoke amusement as La Vivandiere and Pomponette, respectively. Mr. Bolton is well suited with a character, albeit his voice is somewhat taxed as Ange Pitou. Miss Lucy Frazer overcomes many difficulties, and sings and acts the part of Madame Lange with becoming grace and dignity. The choruses and orchestration are very successfully arranged, and the opera is tastefully placed upon the stage by Mr. W. J. Wilson. To morrow night Her Van Suppe's tuneful opera ' Fatinitza, ' will be produced. An entertainment comprising food for mirth is peculiarly suited to Sydney audiences. Mr. Maccabe has devised such an entertainment, and in consequence the School of Arts is crowded every night. ' Begone Dull Care ' has acquired well-merited popularity, and the more frequently it is seen the better it seems to be enjoyed. It is full of fun, and Mr. Maccabe is a humorist who carries his audience continually with him, and then always in the very best humour. It is impossible not to feel the better for the laughter he occasions. No change is yet announced in his programme. The Theatre Royal was largely attended on Wednesday afternoon, when a performance was given with a view to add to the funds now being collected to aid the widow and family of the late Marcus Clarke. The entertainment consisted of an act from ' Bichelieu,' in which Mr. Dewhurst repeated his grand performance of the title role ; a concert, to which a number of gentlemen and Miss Carrie Godfrey contributed several welcome vocal and instrumental selec tions ; and an act of ' Olivette.' The programme was opened by the delivery by Mr. Walter Reynolds of a very feelingly- written and appropriate prologue, from the pen of Mr. Garnet Walch. Every item seemed to be thoroughly appreciated, and the performance throughout was a success. Mr. Punch learns that about £80 will be forwarded to Melbourne as the result of this kindly-devised and well- carried out entertainment. Herr Wilhemj has returned with his wonderful violin and his superfluous j. The Masonic Hall has been transformed into the home of melody and harmony, and large audiences have nightly been attracted there to drink in the charming entertainment this master violinist provides. The programme has been varied .each evening, and nightly some new excellence has been developed in his inimitable style. Miss Conron sings as enchantingly as ever, and the piano- playing of Mr. Max Vogrich has its wonted power and beauty. The last of the present series of concerts will be given to-night. To-morrow night Mr, D'Arcy Read's ghosts walk for the first time, after a prolonged absence, at the new Victoria Hall. ' Olivette' makes way for ' Madame Favart' at the Theatre Royal. The new opera is to be produced on Saturday night. Costa's sublime oratorio ' Eli' is to be performed at the Garden Palace on Saturday afternoon. Mr. Charles Turner, Miss Annis Montague, Miss Marie St. Clair, Mr. Bushelle, Mr. Hollingdale, and the members of the Sydney Musical Union, under the conductorship of Mr. Sydney Moss, L.C.M., take part in the production. Some most interesting billiard- matches have recently come off at Mr. Perkins' Royal Exchange Saloon. He has a superb table, and the arrangements for visitors were admirable. j 