Missionary Conference in connexion with the Newcastle Diocesan Synod. [FROM OUR OWN Reporter.] On Tuesday evening, August 16, the first of what is hoped will be a series of diocesan conferences, was held in the City Hall, Newcastle, in the presence of a very full audience. The conference was arranged in connexion with the Synod, the session of which was opened that day, and was presided over by the Right Rev. the President of Synod. A programme of subjects bad byenthorou.hly circulated previously, and was printed in this journal. Proceedings began by the singing of a hymn and prayer. The Fbrbidisnt then said that a conference was the recognised part of the machinery of almost every English diocese. It differed in some respects from the institution of that Synod in Synod laws were made for the regulation of the church in a conference people meet for deliberation, not for legislation, What he had seen of conferences in England had urged him to conclude that they had done much good; people meet, confer together, compare views, rub sharp corners off, and. get to understand each other better. Thus they contribute to the peace of the church, to its harmony and well being, and they bring people together who otherwise might have fallen farther and farther asunder, owing to differences of opinion on certain points. He would be very glad to establish a regular diocesan conference. (Hear, hear.) It would not be a part of Synod. In Synod they made lows in conference they would deal with subjects upon which they could not make laws and rules, but would hear what views were held on various topics by persons of experience. Such information would prove to be most valuable. But he did not see his way clear to establish a regular diocesan conference, apart from Synod. The distances to be traversed in the diocese were great, and people could not be gathered together as in England. The only practicable plan was therefore to combine the conference with the meeting of Synod. As only one night could be given, the range of subjects was necessary limited. He hoped in future years to choose other topics, topics of interest, and have meetings similar to and as large as the present. To-night they had a subject which should be of interest to every Christian. The very charter of a Christian church, the reason of its being, was found in those words of its Head "Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature." How that command could be complied with in various climates, under various conditions, was a subject which might well be talked over. His Lordship described the arrangements he had made for the conduct of the conference, and called on the Rev. S. Simm. The Rev. S. Simm read a paper on " the duty of the Christian Church with respect to missionary effort." He commended the arrangement under which a subject of such vast moment to the church and to the world was discussed, and proceeded to show how, through all the ages, the duty of missionary effort had been recognised by the church. In the nineteenth century, the Christian church was Christ's witness to the uttermost parts of the earth. The extent of missionary operations, the wealth of missionary societies, the numbers engaged in the work, and the interest so generally felt, all went to mark the present age as one of great missionary effort. What was the object of all missionary effort? The improvement of the world by the agency of the Christian church to impart to the heathen those bent fits of Christian civilisation with which Christian nations are blessed. Missions were a necessity. The Christian Church, as the depositary of truth, must send it forth into those regions where the darkness of superstition and the errors of false worship and false systems prevail. Hence the warfare. Truth must contend against error. The Christian Church must war a good warfare against the powers of darkness in the world. Purity and principle must fight a good fight against the world's wickedness. And therefore the Christian Church, in obedience to the instructions of her Divine Lord, has resolved that salvation unto the uttermost shall be made known unto all men, and that questions of humanity and piety, of social and public morals, shall be pressed on the attention of all nations that missionaries of commerce shall not have it all their own way, but that the light and liberty which the Gospel imparts shall at least be offered to those lands which our ships and sailors visit for trade, and to those lands over which England rules as a con- queror. In modern days, the course of missionary effort had been directed not only to the British colonies, but to the heathen of other lands. It was evident from the reports which were annually published by the various missionary agencies that results already attained offered great encouragement for future exertion, and presented to the Christian Church a subject for praise and thanksgiving to Almighty God, While still sensible how much still remains to be done, of the field of operations overwhelming in extent and the labourers so few, still we can place our finger on the map of the world and point to many a kingdom, colony, and empire of importance, in which the name at least of Christian truth is well-known, and its influence is beginning to be felt. In Egypt and Palestine, in Armenia, in Persia, in China and Siam, in India and Ceylon, in Madagascar and South Africa, on the coast of Guinea and in the West Indies, among the North American Indians, and the tribes of Polynesia, and in the British colonies, including the land in which his hearers lived, and the diocese of Newcastle, the work went on the people who needed light were being watched over, and prayed for, by devoted and self denying Bishops and missionaries, who directly or indirectly are where they are in the providence of God through the instrumentality of the great missionary societies. There was ample ground for the statement made by the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel that " in those regions where the society labours, and has laboured, and which before it commenced its work were spiritually the ' waste places' of the earth, there are, including the American Church (the first fruits of the Society's seed sowing) 135 bishops, more than 5000 clergy, and upwards of 2,000,000 members of the communion." With knowledge of the results, extent, and character of missionary labour before it, what was the duty of the Christian Church at the present moment P The response of every heart was co-operation. Every Christian feeling was awakened and holy desires were largely aroused in behalf of the colonies and ot heathen lands. Christians were moved to co-operation in missionary effort. These are days of combination for accomplishing great designs. He hailed the movement of Convocation for the establishment of a Board of Missions, to be constituted of Bishops, representatives of the Colonial Church, members of the Lower House of Convocations and laymen. Following was the resolution under which this board was established : " That it is desirable for a Board of Missions to be constituted, consisting of Bishops, representatives of the Colonial Church, members of the Lower House of Convocation, and laymen. That his Grace the Archbishop be requested forthwith to direct the appointment of members of the Upper and Lower Houses of this province, and to invite the Metropolitan of the province of fork to take such steps as he shall think fit for the appointment of members of the Upper and Lower Houses of that province, and further to in- vite the Metropolitans or other Bishops presiding over the Colonial Churches to elect in any way that they may think desirable representatives of the Colonial Churches. That his Grace be also requested to invite the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel and the Church Missionary Society to elect representatives, lay or clerical, of these Societies to serve on the proposed Board of Missions.". That was the most powerful combination which the Church of England had ever attempted to make with respect to missionary effort : the Church was indeed girling herself for the accomplishment of still greater designs and more widespread operations among the nations, He ventured to predict that those zealous members of Convocation value Bfrk.--^th had brought their efforts to this issue, would find the colonial Church most anxious to co-operate in advancing the designs of this most influential Board of Missions. Every form of missionary zeal found an opening in the Church's missionary efforts ; no sort of aid was reckoned superfluous. Missionaries of either sex, the most learned and the most simple may find work which will tax to the uttermost the talents God had given them. For all there was ample room, and there was need for such aid as the weakest can give sympathy, subscriptions, prayer, but' above all the example of Christian EveR. It wait official privilege for the steward of earthly things, for the Christian Church collectively and individually, to be allowed thus to aid this great missionary work. It is a post of honor to keep guard round the Tabernacle ; it is not given to all to serve within the sanctuary, or to do more than prepare materials for the temple in which the ark of the Lord shall find shelter. They should each one rejoice in his membership in the Christian Church, and feel thankful for the privilege of co-operating in this glorious cause of missionary effort. The Rev. W. S. Wilson followed on the same subject. He would try to carry them back to what was the missionary practice of the earlier times. The method by which the Gospel was carried beyond Jerusalem and Judea was affected by circumstances. Persecution scattered the disciples ; then war and other disasters brought Christians into immediate contact with the heathen. It was always felt as a duty by the Christians thus scattered abroad to give to those among whom they dwelt, of the choicest portion of their inheritance of blessing. They carried the Gospel to the heathen as by instinct ; what God had bestowed on them could not be hidden. Similarly, when to nations further out, the chances of war had carried those who appeared to be least fitted to exercise any influence among people more powerful and more able, these weak instruments were chosen by God to lay the foundations of Christian churches, Thus they were taught that missionary effort should receive great assistance from scattered persons. But no sooner was the effort made by individuals that the Church was directed by the Holy Ghost to take up the work. The pioneers of the work were however as distinctly moved by the Holy Spirit as the missionaries afterwards sent forth. Learning and civilisation had not helped the spread of Christianity in the first instance: indeed they were arrayed against the Gospel. But God had chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise, and the weak things of the world to confound the things that were mighty. Thus the first lesson to be derived from a glance at early missionary effort was not to regard the feebleness of the instrument nor the apparent impossibility of success; but on the other hand to remember how by instinct as it were, Christians were induced to give to everyone of that best gift which they had received. The church could be carried on only by missionary effort. The church was powerless in fact if it were not a missionary church, Missionary effort was insepar- ably connected with the spreading of the Kingdom of Christ. He formed the church into a society that its members, weak individually, might as a society do work which otherwise they could not have done. He Ib the head of the Church, Christiana are His instruments to do the work for which He came into the world. They were weak' instruments but they were members of Christ, that through them the will of their Head might be done. There could be no union with Christ, no vital force in any church, unless that church was carrying on the work which He came to earth to perform, This was a matter of practice, not of theory-the practice of the church through, all ages. It was very notice- able that at every period of spiritual activity, when great truths were being taught, efforts were made to carry abroad the gospel., Such- efforts, or their absence were the indication whether or not the church had a vital godliness. The old saints, who took a prominent part in evangelising Europe, felt that no good work could be done at home unless good work were also being done abroad, Even where bodies of professing Christians were found, whose faith combined truth with error, who had departed in some eminent respects from some of the leading features of the Christian Church-if their home work was marked by earnestness and truth to their principles, missionary effort was sure to follow. Take the instance of the Moravian Brethren. No body of men had ever done as much missionary work, in proportion to its numbers, as that body. In every corner of the world there were some traces of its work. Every great spiritual effort among English Christians had shown the same indication. Take the movement for example under which the Wesleyan communion was established. In the Church of England every great period of Christian revival was distinguished by the same thing. The Church Missionary Society owed its great energy to the evangelical movement, and the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel had its origin in an access of spiritual earnestness in the Church. The truth was evident that whenever the church had experienced any great revival of spiritual energy, there missionary effort was sure to be carried out. The church had felt that it had received a treasure which could remain a treasure only by being continually used. Tile duty then that lay before the Christian Church was the duty of carrying out this great missionary work, which the Christian Church at all periods of spiritual activity and energy had always carried out. The societies had doubtless done a great deal by individual effort it was now felt that there must be co-operative working, as might be seen by the scheme of Convocation. The American Church had put herself in the forefront of missionary work. The Australian Board of Missions was a recognition that the Church there has a large duty to discharge. That meeting bore witness that a sense of duty was reviv- ing in them. Referring to the Melanesian mission, he would remind them that it occupied almost a unique position. He knew nothing to be compared to it. That mission had been carried on by the corporate action of the Church of England. A bishop of the Church founded it, and carried it on all the white upon Church lines-he meant on the lines of a body organised for carrying out the duty for which Christ constituted it. It has a bishop of the church at its head, it forms a native ministry, and what is wonderful is its influence in the church elsewhere. It re- acts in the colonies, in America, in other parts of the Church. That mission was one of the greatest works which the Church of England had undertaken in modern times, At the present date, there were 204 scholars gathered at Norfolk Island. They had been collected from twenty different islands, one or two from each, and were being trained for the work of the mission. They were not merely taught-they were trained in Christian life and on going back, they exercised the very strongest influence for good upon their heathen neighbours, The success of the mission proved that wherever missionary effort is taken up by the Church, was blessed by the Church's Head, He hoped that meeting would not prove a spasmodic recognition of the great duty which in that diocese they had rather neglected : be hoped they were starting now on a new course of greater activity, and that they would be found from all parts of the diocese assisting a work which others were more fully and fairly carrying out. The Ven. Archdeacon Child had been entrusted with the subject: "Past efforts of the Diocese of Newcastle in behalf of Missionary work." He said the last speaker had alluded to the way in which persecution had caused knowledge of the Gospel to spread abroad. It was not persecution however that had sent Christian people to Australia. They came for the most part to improve their worldly condition, What had they as a diocese done to spread the knowledge of Christ P Something, not a great deal, had been done. The diocese of Newcastle was formed in 1848. From the first the late Bishop had made missions one of the subjects of his addresses. In the year 1850, as some of them might remember, six bishops met in Sydney under the late Bishop Broughton, and formed the present Australian Board of Missions, The late Bishop of Lichfield formed one of that noble party, and he was coupled with the late Bishop of Newcastle both were charged with the management of the Board. They would remember that the late Bishop went to the Islands in a mission vessel. The diocese of Sydney, the diocese of Newcastle, with some other aid, raised the money required to supply the wants of the vessel. At about the same time, the late Bishop formed the Newcastle Church Society, which had the furthering of missions as one among its several objects. The late Bishop Selwyn came to East Maitland to help in the formation of the society, and he spoke on one of the resolutions which related to the subject of missions. That resolution was the key to the missionary work which had been done in the diocese. A little spasmodic effort was the result of the meeting. The goodly sum of £212 was raised throughout the whole diocese, of which sum £200 was given to the Melanesian Mission. The diocese then included the' present diocese of Brisbane, and the collection was the result of a pastoral letter of the late Bishop, dated 1851. This £212 was the largest sum raised by one effort. There seemed to have been three decades of missionary activity in the diocese. One was from 1850 to 1860, the second from 1860 to 1870, and the third from 1870 to the present time. In the first there was a tolerable amount of effort in the second little was done; in the third some greater earnestness was shown. All this time the late Bishop was engaged in founding the infant church in the diocese : home work demanded attention, and the distant work could only get a small share of notice. That might account for the small missionary effort made in the diocese. The largest sum gathered at once was £212; up to 1858 all that was collected for missions'-iimouated to £180, Small sums were devoted to the mission to the Australian blacks, not in the diocese, but as a contribution to other dioceses where sacred work among them was being done. The bulk of the sum went to the Melanesian mission. Between 1860 and 1870 very little was done. During that time State aid to religion was abolished, synodical action was set up, and divisions of the bishopric took place. In 1868 some little missionary g effort was revived, for which the Rev. W 8 we deserved every credit; and since then the Jemison had endeavoured better to redeeming JJ 1872, in the third decade, was the bShtoiW Altogether, during the ten years, Ifign I collected for mission. Of course he was Jevan only of diocesan funds-in several parishes senses? efforts were made. He would come day ing the words of Bishop Butler- is RISES A ity is to be considered as a suit of posited with us on behalf of others on his of mankind, as well as for our own A" tion. No one has a right to be called s Christ Ä does not do something in his station toward a charge of this trust." US "A The Rev Canon White and the Archdeacon is given a very fair description of the relation of the diocese to mission work. Some little injustice must be done to the late Bishop, if they did nothing the cause of missions was very new to his hear iv cumstances deprived him of the power of doing.' JZ than he did. in the life of Bishop TymlRS Boodle, it was shown that in 1853 he had desired ¿ establish an aboriginal mission He conferred with Governor, Sir William,,. Denison, and msdïïJttM? tion through him to the Government of the daY The! proposal was that the Government should contain acres of land and provide certain build- as a mission station, and he offered Jaoo at the Government would give £300; and has asked for £3000 to meet the stipend of a resT and for a grant for the scholars. The GovernS would not entertain the scheme at all, and when in 1859 Queensland was separated and the diocese of Brisbane formed, the Bishop thought the risDon). bility had ceased to rest upon himself, as the" greater black population was within the new diocese. He (Canon White thought it was a blot on the church that it had not made greater efforts in the christianising of the aborigines. They had neglected their duty grossly in allowing the blacks to be killed out without making an endeavour to christianise them. He thought when the Australian Board of Missions was formed, the effort would be made. The real object of the Bishop of Melanesia forming the Board was that the church should take up the matter, and it established the machinery, If that machinery had been used assist the work would have been done, but some how the Bishops of the province did not all take the thing up. He was sorry to say that the only meeting held of the corresponding committee of the Board of Missions was the one held is that ball that afternoon, However they had takes the first step by holding that conference, in renewing effort and he hoped the diocese would be stirred up. He thought something practical should be done, that in every parish a missionary association should be formed no new thing but a return to it of the objects of the old Church Society" to promote and increase the interest in home and foreign missions." Every member of the churchBiontdM induced to become a subscriber to the mission goal, Then a missionary meeting night be held in the) pariah once a year. It would be valuable set need of spreading a knowledge of what was being done, of hearing addresses wakening them Upton's earnest effort. Further, there should be a more strict observance of the Day of Intercession, for italics, The annual meeting might follow the day of intercession that the people stirred up by the prayers.. might be the more willing to aid in carrying out the work of the Lord. They prayed that the Lord would send forth labourers into the harvest, and they should work with him to that end. The Rev. Canon Tyrell said the Church of the; land had tried to obey the command of her Lou, " Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to' every creature." That obedience which began in the times of the apostles, was carried on in the aMid century and up to the present time, But still the; knew that more than half the world was heathen still, What was the diocese doing to shed abroad the light of Christ's gospel F Very little, to what it should have done. They knew that God's will was that his word should be carried to the ends of the world, They prayed " Thy kingdom come, but thought little of what it meant. They must pray and eight Self- denial was needed. They had the blessing! the Gospel but they clearly prized them very little if they did not strive to extend them to bests brethren. What did they do ? They listened to its annual sermon and perhaps gave threepence to the i offertory, while they spent two or three shillings a week on tobacco, or much larger sums on dies trimmings or other personal adornments. between the way people gave to missions. Christians is not earnest in the extension of Christ's SingdM, Commerce was spread, but Christians were not is earnest as commercial men. Their apathy was in illustration of the saying : " The children of the world are in their generation wiser than the child of light." What would be the consequence! Traders would go among the heathen before the Christians. Consequently when the miesioisrfej; came, they had to combat not only the natural vices of the heathen but also the vices acquired from white men, The best way to assist missions was to use the organisation of the great church society-the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, By employing the experience of half a great organisation we should be assured that car subscriptions were applied in the best way, He hoped that Canon White's suggestions would in some fruit, and that that meeting would most J better spirit in them towards their heathen brethren, If love for souls were not sufficient to prompt the liberality, surely the courage and the self-denial of missionaries, who went as it were with their His j> their hands, should urge them to subscribe generously to missions. What they laid out thus would be re- paid to them, When they thought of what their gins would do, how they would turn a mental widens into a blooming garden, they should rejoice in great joy. He often thought it was a shame she something was not done for the aborigines, Mwt effectual would be done till itinerant misses were employed, who would learn their remind their views, and so fit themselves for the west of teaching them. " " The Rev. John Shaw addressed the weekly! c " The Mutual Relations of Christianity and; tion." He saw in that meeting a sign of an interest in missions; a surge of that great an interest in higher subjects which had been sweeping over the world during the last quarter of a cenW Opinions had changed since Sydney Smith exert all his power of sarcasm against Christian man and spoke slightingly of many grant missioners He (Mr. Shaw) was to speak of home missions, for each of them had a home mission as regarded came section. Everyone could acknowledge the in" what Canon Tyrrell had said of the dangers who went among the heathen, and exposes selves to pestilential climates. He had once jw ney an opportunity of seeing a party of people men, who bore upon them marks of the dead" which they had worked Their labours, ansieW a earnest purpose, had made ravages upon tbeirnoanj frames. He had surveyed them, feeling b's Bj rebuked by his own robust health, and to Ki Using that these men were doing what he am -I not rise to the height of doing himself, the subject. They were all civilised. He is W had made some progress in Christianity too, she was civilisation ? That complex arrangement T» had reached such perfection as regarded the new life : all endeavour, all achievement, all art, trim all science. They were surrounded by ends 2 civilisation. The progress of the last forty-six" how wonderful it was. was the product of a teeming brain which God had given lonia, «w was however nothing in civilisation the em about God, about revelation, about the same about the church. Civilisation and Christs" two distinct things. They must keep me in their minds. But Christianity custom saturate, leaven, be the soul of, the, Civilisation would be exactly what it trend -the civilisation of dynamite with a s Sassoulitch as its product, or the ehW» of Christianity, with a florence N Severing the wards of a military hospital, in" that feeling of which Longfellow describes Whene'er a noble deed like Whene'er is spoken a noble thought. Our souls, in glad surprise, To higher levels rise. The tidal wave of deeper; souls Into our inmost being rolls And lifts us unawares Out of all meaner care. They all had the vast field o|[civiliiation hotels and they were required to hold it and ward's Christ. That was just the position tW ? as mutually adopt towards civilisation, on , there is an attitude of distrait «¡*J,"M of religious men towards dT>^^Ä«l> of civilisation there was an a« ud>">« u ligion and Christianity which M'Namee! 21 H place of religion and Christianity,, is? 'JUL entirely upon the efforts of Christiana, kw, (l( field to occupy. " The danger Well greater should our courage be," urns" look upon all this civilisation as a thing which may he summarised or a thing which may be christianised, SuSw h despair, And not with fear. It might Eb meat trade which Christies of the present age had to perform, but the present age was not the only way in which the Christians' task was hard. They have had hard days before, Christianity had been called upon to deal with the ninth century, at the close of which a writer described it as a leaden age because of its barrenness, and an iron age, because of its deformity of evil. It had passed through the fourteenth century and its moral depravity, through the political difficulties of the nineteenth century. through the scepticism of the seven tenth century, and it had come out un- scathed, The signs of this nineteenth century were cheering signs. They were evidence that there b one far-off divine event, to which the whole creation moves," and that men are getting nearer to it. He had lately come across what he might call Christian statistics, prepared by Dr. Dorchester, Tray would be found in the previous Saturday's Mercury. In 1886, there were, according to this American investigator, 113.OOJ.000 Protestants in the world a very large increase since 1830, coin pared with Roman Catholics, of from one-third to one-half. That was a great increase in fifty years. The proportion of communicants gained from heathenism had risen during the same time from 100,000 to 857,000. Then as to the character of modem civilisation. Take the FresH. That was one of the best evidences of civili- sation a wonderful evidence. The Press was a great teacher. It was one of the greatest teachers. No one could fail to recognise his obligations to the Press. Now was it healthy or unhealthy ? Was it punctured with, Nor was it devoid of, Christianity P Was it for Christianity or opposed ? Gratefully he acknowledged that if you try the nineteenth century ïby the test of its journalism, you will find much for which you may be thankful. To act in this vast field two things were wanted. You must get at it through the church. The church was Gods appointed channel for dealing with it. And you must givE personal effort. The kingdom of God must be spread by the contribution of individuals. Every aggregate was the outcome of the units. It will be by individual contribution that Christianity will continue, will not fade away into the infinite azure of the past, but will yet assimilate to itself the civilisa- tion of the later centuries. The Rev. W. H. H. Yarrington addressed the meeting in the topic " The reflex benefits of a practical interest in missions on our congregations.' What was meant by a practical interest ? Was it a determination, when a sermon Was announced on missions, to attend church, listen to the sermon, and increase the UBUilgift to one shilling or two and sixpence The reflex benefits of such an interest would be very small indeed. A practical interest most mean a long- continued, a permanent interest in missions, no mere evanescent feeling, but the maintenance of a lasting concern in the mission field and what was done there. How could the clergy awaken this practical interest ? By frequently speaking on the subject from the pulpit, by holding meetings, by constantly bringing the subject before the attention of the people. One of the best ways was to interest Children in the Sunday schools in the. work. And the interest being aroused, what would be the reflex benefits? One would be a burning love for souls. No man can be a sincere Christian unless he be penetrated with a love for all human souls, That was the way in which he gave evidence of the Christianity within him. That way he would emulate the love of God, in whose sight every human soul was of the most inestimable value. Secondly, in every church people get into the tendency of looking at their own affairs SB of the greatest possible importance. They were apt to think that their own work with the only work there was to do. The result was that they became cramped in their views. Now when their eyes were opened to the immense amount of work to be done in vast fields of mission labour their minds would be enlarged. They would take a wider and more comprehensive view of the work of Christ, If they took a practical interest in missions they would realize how mighty the work of Christ in the world was, and would set up in their minds a loftier standard of Christianity. Another reflex benefit would be an increase of personal holiness. The more they interested themselves in the spread of the Gospel of Christ, the more they themselves would become holy. That was a reflex action which had been ordered by God. No man could do another a kindness without at the same time doing himself good There was a mighty field before them. Some statistics had been quoted. The Gleaner had lately given the number of Protestants in the world as 16,000,000, but nevertheless the heathen and Mahomedans numbered 1,026,000,000. One thousand and twenty-six million people who have never heard the name of Christ ! That might warrant a gloomy Then: it would take one hundred years at the rate the Gospel now spreads, to reach this mighty number. A fourth reflex benefit would be an increase in prayers ulness. We pray " Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done." with a quickened interest in missions we shall pray the more earnestly ; he shall pray for missionaries in peril and in priva- tion and the more men pray, the more they will be blessed in themselves. Fifthly, congregations will be more liberal. They would give because in no other way could they be able personally to prosecute the work of missions. Some reference had been made to the aborigines, and he might be permitted to say that in his experience it was the most difficult thing to give them the slightest idea of the meaning of God or Jesus Christ, or of holiness or purity. Again, if ministers and Sunday schoolteachers persistently kept the subject of missions before their people and pupils, why might not some boy, some promising lad, be inspired to walk in the honored footsteps of the great missionaries ? They had a right to expect such a result. The ultimate unit of a practical and sincere interest in missions would be that that would come to pass which was described in the beauti- ul words of the revised New Testament: " And the seventh angel sounded and there followed great voices in heaven, and they said \-- the kingdom of this world is become the kingdom of our Lord and His Christ, and He shall reign for ever and ever." The Rev. B. B. Shaw suggested as a practical evidence of missionary energy, the prosecution of a mission to the Chinese resident in New South Wales, The Rev H. S. Millard said he never attended a missionary meeting without thinking that while they were being informed of what was doing abroad, they Should confess their shortcomings at home. If that confession was not made by the speakers, others made it for them. " How about the heathen," People said, " it is very well to talk, but how about the heathen in the back alleys and the larrikins." flow, the one class of work did not exclude the other. Indeed he believed activity in one helped activity in the other just as the home industry of a country pub usually most thriving when the foreign commerce was likewise flourishing. So, when home life was most pure and most vigorous, foreign tttesonswere carried on with vigour. Date, of raw Give' and " Snail bB 8TH unto you. oomm.^n511'8-?^112 PeoPle the missionary command falls with the stronger force. The English ï.!th\"m"ore than any other, comes into collision warmers barons, and again and again it M 'i0 true that it made the worse instead the anl Vb? Contact Was it not true that luLfl?Ttfttively precent savage was utterly bïtherbyTr "ADVT of his more civilised ..; i ', " nBQ been said with sarcasm Älti^t,hB united States had been always Bri SIT0T«WmI inhabitants, and Great is wTc?Uy, careful to? protect them but that the and A11?'}1*,n each case- They're improved thedut?nfteifro^the,faoeoftlleeartb- It must be end Mr De Churches that could be said, to at PWtoi^g-teat Worker comes into effect the great missionary enterprise, There was often a Bionarvm,Ä mass 10 missionary work. Miss Wrlï?»I?Bnf«,f? crease, of romance, it was a S ? cdÄet- thßAi,8ä,onaF1^ Passed an existence of at fair power 6y. were illustrations of the religion J hn8hÄ: they would remember how the ReV" on the new Spoken 30 the evidences of privation ^onarr"oniaT,h6»had Seen in Sydney. Wool anew attract the best men Was it "J and "685 men had ennobled it. Church Tis something in the annals of latest enterprise to think that Patteson Zl 'No record of such men as Bishop of (about to comment on St. figdSenR for ?" CondUCt of men and - was not take Mr bonnets a chain *«'«*oa¡¡ai»ï;? hay at 80tlook*S-S^to 