the recent outrages in the south sea islands. ' BY OUK EtKC'/AL' REPORTER. No. VIII. : The following is a continuation of llut haffa'ive furnished us by our special reporler of bis crliiso to the folnmon Islands : — . The cutter Little Nell has a history connected with tho present massacres, which your readers will no doubt find Interesting. Captain M'Donald had a station on tho noillf side oi Gaudnl- canar, and the Little Nell was kept tfiefo to bring the copra made to him, when his schooner cailtfd. At this station were two ltetumah hoys and two "Feringcltn men, nil of them picked and splendid fellows. The natives nt llio station getting 11 sau'cy_" nnd troublesome, the " boys " went to look for C'nptain Afac. ttf tell him that to remain there was ilnfigriroiis. They metliimct/ralngnpin tile Star, a soltooncr which he owned and comtiiaitdnd; nnit l,n InlH ILotti tft nn nn milt lltl WOUht follow. .T!lCV did. lull before they reached the place— indeed they were very near Marnu — some natives .boarded them, stating they had come to trade, and taking them by surprise murdered them all in cold blood. Captain Mac. following, saw her being sailed along the coast by a larger number than usual, nnd see ing that something had happened, lived a snidor cartridge into her. Upon this lite murderers/ with their usual cowardice, did' not wait for a second, but plunged overboard, swimming nshorc ; and Captain Jtuc. had to recognise front the blood stains the fntc of Ills unfortunate men, though he heard the full particulars afterwards. She Was, how ever, empty,- they having taken all trade (frit when tlicy captured her. There nre large quant ities of im mense rock oysters at Hoskins' Harbour, nnd although too large and " bcardy " to be pleasant eat ing raw they make capital stews. The l'ndif J c, At lata I Icf Minnie Alac., Little Nell nnd ourselves left there the same day, the flOlh Decern ber, tho Pacific, with Captain Jlixon, proceeding lo thebloodstainod Floridas; the rest of us making our way in company across to Saifia Anna or Avar. This is a small island, of which t have spoken previously in passing, to tho eastward of Ban Christoval, nnd is, in my opinion, tho pleasantost spot on the whole group. Wo arrived there at 2 o'clock in the afternoon ; and only too glad to get out of the cramped vessel, I was ashore in five minutes, nnd ngnin unarmed- We landed hway from the village, anil first put our feet upon Captain Ai'Donald's property. Im mediately opposite where we stepped ashore Is a house built by (he natives in European character, in which lives a man iri flu; employ of Captain M'Donnltl ; his name is Millet, rind it was cvi- dontly a placo of comfort. Round trie outside, tUn aLnrl wppa 5ornr.nl xvnmon. nil imlllll); iu iiig ell»""| """ - 7 "" dressed in neat, although not closely- fitting, gar ments, and they, ns well ns everything about the place, were clean anil attractive. One of them was a Nntv llebrijcs woman, and was the wife of old Miller, fliey livn in p'eacd itftd comfort. From there we passed on .up the beach,- thrui.'gll a grove of conoaiiiits, the tall graeefful trees groiviffg beau tifully, ns if in n gnrden; Hie iimlergrowllls being' cleared to give them every ndvniitago. A couple of hundred ynrils brought us in sight of Captain Ai'Donald's house, and it was n plcnsnnt surprise indeed to uin to see it. Standing in tho centre uf a clearing, it faced nttil stood about eight yard" from the bench, upon which broke the waves of Hie broad Pacific. Raised upon piles, it resembled at first glance the better class of Indian bungalow, ami the cool and airy appearance was especially attractive, the day being very warm. II, like the .other hotiso which I have spoken or, wns built by natives of native fabric, but with Euro pean skill milled, it has the European advantages. It is nbout HO feet by 50, anil round outside this runs a 10 foot verandnh. The wnlls are about 10 feet, nnd tho centre of the roof about 16 ; they are mndo ot matting, Inceil to a.great number of up- rights, and the roof is about 10 inches thick, of splendid thatch. This prevented the heat of tho sun from entering, but the matting of tho sides allowed the gentlest breeze free transit, making the interior perfectly doo'l afid enjoyable. Stretched upon the verandnh", ns we approached, were a number of women nnd children, the Intlcr especi ally presenting an" appearance of happiness that cotihi not help but conduce to the pleasure of those who witnessed it. This was enhanced by llio contrast which was presented to the. childless and miserable homes that I had so lately visited at Ugi. That place I have described. Captain M'onahi's house nnd the whole islnnd of Avar could not but strike the visitor almost as nil nrcmlin. Tho boys nnd girls, bright-eyed, merry-checked little fellows — I beg the girls' pardon — ran out to welcome us ns we appeared at the entrance of the clcnring, nnd they recognised Captain Mac. They were tho most perfect pictures of happiness possible to ima gine. To some no doubt their conduct would appear very shocking, ns with the exception of a string or two of heads rouiid their necks, afew "hoggilcs" on Uieir arms, nnd n stray match-box or other article of ornament in their cars, Ithey wore bb naked ns when they were liorn. Ctirlyle would hare had a ehunce here whereby lo add another chapter to " Sartor Resartus," as lie would have found these far more interesting subjects ttian the naked kings, queens nnd members of Parliament spoken of in that work. The children varied from six to eight and ten years of age, and their healthy looks, bright skirts, graceful movements, merry laughing eyes, nnd cheerful character were indeed a plensurc to witness. Like deer some gambolled and raced after one another as tiicy came towards us, while others, more sedate, and the girls especially, who were a little shy when thcv saw strangorshnd their arms linked round each, others necks"" or waists, nnd walked more slowly. But there was not one' of them whose eyes did not speak of tinppincss and gladness. They liavo high nnd broad foreheads, broad but not mnssive noses, and though the lips are somewhat too large as a rule lo lie classical, yet they pout in a manner whicli assists the plcnsingness of the ex pression of their round, chubby faces. The hair is sometimes a light yellow, at other times it is a dark brown ; but very seldom does it turn really black till after they nre old. It is sometimes almost straight, and will stand out nil round from the head, but it is generally wavy, nnd never occurs in what is called -the " negro curl," like that of aboriginals of Australia. Where it happens to be yellow, nnd stnnds out from tho head, Hie effect is very pleasing. This was the Case with several, ami one little fellow, named Ferre Vurra, had a eeiffure which, if copied in fashionnble circles, would appear far prettier than many which wo have had lately in those charmed centres. On tho verandah were several mothers nursing the younger children, nnd they nil had a lappa round the waist. They did not rise to welcome us, and beyond a slight suspicion of curiosity at the number of strangers, they did not appear to take much interest in onr movements. . After stay ing a few minutes in the house for a rest, we nil— that is Captain -Mac.,' Woodhouse, myself mid about a dozen of the youngsters mentioned above — started out to have a look nt a large hike, which is in thn centre of tho island. Our route Iny through a scrub, and was only a narrow path, yet a couple, of the youngsters found room on the outside for their feet, in order that tlicy might run along by the side of us. About a quarter of a mtlo from Captain Alac. s wo came lo the village, nnd it perfectly swarmed with children of all -nges and sexes and sizes. Tlicy, peeped out at us from every nook and corner, and' it was positively a sea of eyes and smiles. Every one of them was ready at the slightest provocation to burst out laughing, which, when tlicy had done, they pretended to bo very frightened nt, nnd would bolt away generally, only to be brought up sud denly by the burly little form of another youngster . who had been peering over the delinquent's shoulder. ' I ain sorry to say Hull in a mnmniih of weakness 1 presented one of the youngsters "with a piece ut tobacco, and - 1 h i J , alas, was n magnet whose force 1 had not properly'woiglieri. In an instant the siege of my garrison com menced, and a multitude of little hands were held out and laughing voices pleaded for "tabae," till shyness being forgotten. 1 wns helpless, and though Imviug somo idea of what would haiipcn II x gull iMUUllu U vtunu VI jwiuigovvio, "»« J'"" two or three sticks of tobnoco in my pocket before leaving the ship, these, distributed in fragments no larger than n pen, would not go round among so muuy. I then had recourse to' strategy, nnd picking out the tiniest little mortals in the crowd, began giving tho pieces us I cut them up tn these. This move was, however, seen in nnother quarler, and in nn instant it seemed to me 1 was besieged in a fresh and more awkward manner. The women had been watching my movements, and seeing that I gave the loved " tabae" to the smnllest, imme diately pounced upon me with every baby that they could lay their hands on, 'l'liosu that hud them instantly danced up to me, while those that had Lot, I firmly believe borrowed other people's, sueh is the fearful villany of theso wicked races, and what was a sea of imploring hands and faces before became a sea, mountain, valley, city and every- lliirig else. Having thus made bosom friends of about -10 women and children, a great many of whom accompanied us, I continued on, and cauhgt the two captains up at the " Tumbo" house. This is, as I have said before, their temple, and- ill this in stance is a rookery of very dilapidated appearance. In it, beside the canons, are a number of what are i i reality coffins, in the shape of fish, and in which rest the heads of tlieir chiefs. AVhcn a chief dies the " scat of reason." is dismembered, nnd a. rest ing- place made for it in the shapo of a honilo, in which it is deposited in the canoe house. The old building was so torn and broken down that wo did not go inside, but close alongside of it tboy barb a new one ready finished, Jt somewhat resembles that at Ug/, eO tlirit I need not describe it ; but thor maze of scaffolding stilt standing in the inlerior would hnvo astonished sonlcWhnt your exhibition contractor, Air. Yourig. Close to it was the burial ground, almost iu the centre of the Villngc. This Is an enclosed place, nbont 20- foot long by 12 wide, and ns in it repose the ashes of several generations, they must be somewhat crowded, and if it is Into thrit' in wet Weather tho depnrtod leave tlicjr damp graves and roast on the trees near, it must bo rn'her a qtfeor stto to visit that locality nftor a storm.- It was built round with coral stones about three feet high, and was tidily kept. Upon these stones Were n number of ooconnuts ns. offer- ' ings to tho dend whom tlioy did not wish to lot starve in .the strnngo lnnd to - which tlicy. had de parted. Tlicy look upon death as thercsnlt of evil spirit or Atorun, nnd when ond occurs tho scene is, although sorrowing, yet interesting. The women do the principal part of the "crying, and if it is thought that there is not sufficient wniling done by the immediate friends, professional "criers" are paid to come anil assist. Jt is somewhat - strange that such a custom should he found hero . wliun wo remember that almost Hie only other place where it is known in the world is in tho iktiM, iitttt aimwa t-tittt, uiiiiuiikii utiuiuut, jut uiu whole hiiiifnn family is closely connected. Tho howling and crying is khpt up vigorously for n day. The general expression of . grief ! is "Kaleb koo, Knlec lieo " — "whal-'shnll 1 do, what shrill J do." Sitting ilotvn or walk ing, they rock themselves ntionl, and if it is Hie husband who Is dead it is painful to listen lo thn wife's cries. With both hands to her licnd ' she will stand outside the bouse nnd cry, " I will not cat. knieo koo ; I will not drink, kalee koo, knlec hue. I will nevcr'hnve nnother bnsband and,. then, almost as if she lmd an eye lo the ad vantages of a married life which sho was vowing to give up, she will wind up, " Kulec koo, knlce koo." T'h'c second day t liey are mute, tin one speaks nbovo a whisper. Everyone walks about lis silent ns n ghost. They imngine that the devil is then in per son airfoug "them, looking for fresh victims, and they dti riot move out of their houses any nidro than tlioy dan possibly help. After tho " body is buried, the friends jay money to the chief, who provides n feast, of Which part is offered to tho \ devil, when the whole cci'ctflony finishes. For mourning they shave their heads. Hit isnvoryncnr relntion, the head is shaved clean, of distant, only a narrow strip is taken. Before getting near tho tnmhoi) house nil the wometf left ns. They are not allowed within a certain distance, not. even n female baby being admitted within the prescribed limits. The penalty which the devil is supposed to inflict for r»ty infringement of this rule is very heavy. However, after walking along the bench n little wo were again joined by them, they hnving taken a circle nnd caught up. Onr rohto to tho lake lay for a few hundred yards nlong by tho water's edge, then turning inland wa entered tho scrub, not n very thick, lint n very beautiful one. Palms of every description reared _ their lofty heads nbovo us, Ferns of every variety were iff rank profusion nt our feet. Leaves tinted in every shade nnd colour grew on the bushes around lis, and llio dense enrtopy overhead prevented tho rays of the sun from penetrating. About a qi/arter of a mile brouglit us to n steep ciiu rising nuoui ou icei. from thfl ordinary level of the Island, anil tho coral formation bccait'c very noticeable. Tho whole of the hilland forsomedistanco higher than the path which wo took was comjwscd of Ootid cropping out oil the surface, and yet it was front this which sprung the luxuriant foliage I hnvo described. It is Wonderful tlie nmmmt of prolific powrf there is in decomposed coral, and nothing perhaps' shown bolter the remarkable vitality of nature and tho variety of ways in.wliieh it will adapt lisclf to ciY- ciiiiistaiices.' The lake was nbout a mile inland, ond is a bohl sheet of fresh water nearly a mite in dinnlcter and almost circular; overhanging it nil round is a fringe of beautiful scrub, nnd the re- llcctioiis arc very pretty. Almost at the edge it Is it. tremendous depth, aiufno plumb -has yet sounded its centre, ft abounds with l/ali ; but is nlso llio resort of immense and vicious nlligators. A native was taken by one a day or two bofora wo were there, while lying down on shore near it, and mangled -so badly that lie wns not ex pected to live. The cool Water was, however, very tempting, and tho two captains and I indulged in n plunge, keeping near the edge. Overhanging the lake in all directions were groat trees, and nlong the branches of theso the children rati liko cats, but they would uot outer tho water. (To he eontinucd.) 