THEATRE ROYAL. « HAMLET " The advent of a new Hamlet in the person of Mr. D. H. Harkina was witnessed by a fairly representative gathering of playgoers at the Theatre Boyal on Saturday night. A most cordial welcome was given him, and calls after every act and frequent applause made it manifest that the audience followed the performance •with appreciative interest. Concerning Shakspeare's great mystical creation hardly two opinions are alike. A mass of literature exists wherein the salient points which make Hamlet what each of us imagines him to be are considered and discussed. Yet the many questions raised remain unsettled. There has been no consentientcy regarding the positive meaning and intention; lio absolute penetration of the arcanum; no authoritative decree; no final agreement. When, then, any actor endeavours to realize sach a multitudinous conception as is Hamlet—familiar, to all, yet ungrasped by all —it is only possible for him to partially satisfy so universally diversified a figuration. Doubtless he is the best impersonator who can fulfil m^st intellectually demanded condition*. The ideal Hamlet remains " in the mind's eye," and can never be physically attained. These facts must be duly weighed whenever a fresh attempt to enact the hysterical Dane comes before our notice, and, rightly apprehended, "should be credited the actor in proportion as his enieavour is loyal, reverent, modest, discreet, and consistent. Mr. P»rlcin a apparently has a perfectly clear idea of the Hamlet whi:h his mental consciousness evolves from the text, and spares no personal endeavour to place this Hamlet bodily before his audienoes. Tbe reading is a rational and even noble one; bat the practical execution—the transferring of this image from the mind to the stage—is unevenly done, in parts most admirable, in parts most faulty, in outward appearance Mr. Harkins's Hamlet is conventional, bat in action and delivery tradition is to a great extent discarded. We hear no stilted declamation, no theatrical mispronunciations, no harrowing bass growls, no measured gasps. For the most part Hamlet's words ate riven after a naturally converasitional fashion, yet with proper regard for the opHquut du thidtre. In the first interview with Horatio, Bernardo, and Maroellns, the gracious courtesy to inferiors which is insisted on as a leading feature in Hamlet's disposition was at once apparent. Then we noticed that every word received such due emphasis as rendered its meaning unmistakable ;• that the text became easily understood because, as delivered, the outcomb of intelligent study. The last scene of tbe first act was finely done where, after the Ghost's exit, Hamlet sets downou tablets " That one may smile, and smile, and be a villain," and subsequently compels Horatio and Marcellos to swear eternal secresy. Here everything was - appropriate, pregnant, and suggestive. Then, in the second act, when Pplonius fatuously vexes tbe Prince, and Bosencranz aud Guildeustern vainly strive to sound his purposes, Mr. w»Ain» never misconstrued a. single passage, dealt lightly in sarcasm and royally with the magnificent phrasesin which Hamlet describes how of late all mirth has been lost to him, and apostrophizes that "paragon of animals"—man. very natural and pleasant, too, was the interview with the players, and the kindly upholding of their profession. Hamlet's Follow that, lord, and look you mock him not," had a ring of genuineirony. In the opening scene of the .third act Mr. Harkins adopts the view that Hamlet is aware Olaudius and Polonios have set Ophelia upon him, and are listening without. This he makes persistently obvious, acting all. tbe " Goto a nunnery" scene at the King. There is much divergenoe of opinion respecting die right presentment of this celebrated episode, but, by dealing with it as he -does, Mr. Harkins obtains warrant for the almost violent mode in which he addresses Ophelia. The soliloquy, " To be or not to be," and the " advice to the players," were free from all robustiousness, and every whit of their deep signification was plainly manifest as Mr. Harkins delivered them. In the subsequent conversation with Horatio, and more particularly in the passage beginning H Since my dear soul was mistress of her choice," much earnestness and passion were employed. In his anxiety to display Hamlet's irritable anger during tbe play-scene, Mr. Harkins -lapsed into exaggerated by-play and gesture; but his interjections told with immense effect, and the following, tempestuous outburst of "wild and whirling words" seemed every way a suitable rendering. We are disposed to think Mr. Harkins's version of mach of the closet scene an incorreot interpretation. Here his Hamlet in parts had merely the value of a querulous scold, the effect on the audience being simply ludicrous. During these pleadings end remonstrances with his mother Hamlet should be limned in all nobleness and vigour— directly contrasted with the meditative vacillating man of inaction whose life illustrates the words— " What to ourselves in passion we propose. The passion ending doth the purpose lose." While exchanging quibbles with the gravedigger Mr. Harkins was very matter-of-fact; bat afterwards, when confronting Laertes, displayed intense feeling, and gave the line— " Nay, an thoult mouth, IH rant as well as thou," with a pathetic self- abandonment and exquisite modulation which seemed nearly perfect. There was no leaping into the grave nor struggle with Laertes, departures from the text which, though fashionable in some quarters, have .yet to be justified. The fencing bout was most effectively presented. Mr. Harkins is a wonderfully fine swordsman, and his rapier play extremely -brilliant. Tbe expression of Hamlet's long-pent passion as hopelessly at last he "swoops to his revenge" was well managed, bnt Mr. ITarkins makes; Hamlefs death quite a boisterous operation, and loudly vocal to the very end. Shakspeare wrote— "O ! I die, Horatio; The. potent poison quite o'ercrows my spirit; I cannot live to hear the news from England; Bnt I do prophesy the election lights On Fortinbras : he has my dying voice: So tell him, with the occurrents, more and less, Which have solicited.—The rest is silence." [Dies. It seems evident to us that in these lines the gradual decay of all physical strength is sufficiently implied, consequent on the reception into tbe system cf a poison described by .Laertes as being So mortal, that but dip a knife in it, Where it draws blood no cataplasm so rare, Collected from all simples that have virtue Under the moon, can save tbe thing from death, That is but scratch'd withaL" How Mr. Bark ins, an accomplished Shak epeart an student, can reconcile it with hiB artistic: conscience to shout Hamlet to death passes oar comprehension. To Aim up, Mr. Harkins's is an intelligent : but laboured Hamlet, possessing great merit, manly, interesting, craftsmanlike, yet totally devoid of that undercurrent of tender, - gentle sympatheticalness, lacking which no Hamlet can rank as of the highest grade. ;To complete mastery of stage-business may be added a reeonant voice—though deficient in the .quality indicated—expressive features, ;acd a irobust physiijue^ Mr^ Harkins has. peculiarities of intonation strange, we should say, 4o - local supporters 'of the drama. He dwells ponderously on open vowels, and makes occasional small alterations in the text, such as .'"assume tAe virtue,if you have it not," which are hardly emendations. Withal, those who visit the Theatre Boyal, will find oar new Hamlet [no ordinary actor.' With Miss Annie Mayor's [Ophelia we were greatly pleased. In this assumption she displays tbe advance in her art credited her by previous report. The audience were quite conquered by her delivery of " O, what a noble mind is here o'erthrown," &o.; and the words "O, woe is me, To have seen what I have seen, see what I see," were given with much dellcaoy and feeling. We do not consider that Miss Mayor's. mad scene, every difference being allowed, is up to the level of excellence maintained by her in the earlier acts. 8he affects a stereotyped stare, which may well be exchanged for an ever-varying play of features; but, most certainly, Miss Mayor's Ophelia is a performance whereof the best artists would not feel ashamed, while any defects are but such as further .experience will effectually remedy. Mr. Musgrave deservedly found favoar for his capital Polonios; Miss Sate Douglas as the Queen spoke every word distinctly; Mr. Metcalfe might improve his Horatio by the infusion of warmth and spirit; Mr. Jordan's Laertes, being the result of careful study, is a capable performance generally speaking; Mr. Vincent's Ghost shows how our untiring stage manager can assist in lengthening a tragedy; Mr. Atkins has far to go before he can play the First Gravedigger with proper unction, bat is on tbe road : and concerning those who filled up the cast it can honestly be said that if great histrionic abilities were not shown neither were sny serious mistakes made, each, we feel persuaded. doing his or her very best as occasion demanded. Hew costumes were introduced which have been expressly imported by Mr. Harkins, and " Hamlet" on the vhole was efficiently mounted. It will be repeated till further notice. 