"IN PARVO." Mr. Buchanan's resolution in opposition to the' Bowling Green enclosure iu Cook Park, and Mr. Reid's amendment were both negatived. The Bowling Club triumph. The tramway authorities are acting in a most eccentric manner. The concreting has been left unfinished, and the plant removed when a few yards only remained to be done, near St. Mat- turns (Jiiurou. mysterious are tire ways of that department. Siding not commenced yet. Mr. M'Elhone has gone in for survey of lands before'selection ; and Sir John Robertson, in his disposal of the Church and School lands, now transferred to the Department of Instruction; has reversed his own old land theories. .Time teaches. ' . The proprietors and staff of the Bulletin must be indeed a happy family, if we are to believe what transpired at the case of Robertson v. the' Proprietors. The legal representative of one accusing the other, and the alleged writer de scribed as having one of the firm "by the throat." Ah, me ! ' How melancholy clown and harlequin look behind the scenes. There ;is much regret among those interested in St. Matthias', Paddington, because of the ex pected loss of their talented organist and choir master, Mr. J. D. Whitwam, who was, webelieve, quite unapproachable in the department of Church music, and who added to that advantage special attractions as a private gentleman. \- ' Lord Augustus Loftus has again gone to- Mount Victoria for a fortnight. The mining village of Tomora is able to de mand loudly of the Government. Water, water is their cry. Meantime, numbers of miners are leaving for pastures new at Mount Browne. The Home Rulers are again disgraciug them selves by obstruction of business in the House of Commons— this time they try and stop the supplies. These will; however, be voted as "urgent," and the obstructionists virtually gagged. Another holocaust of four hundred men sacri ficed by the abominable meanness of the British Government, which withdraws--' forces from; threatened places, and leaves a handful of . men' to certain destruction; How often has this been-' done in our day ? < Mr. Wilkins is to have a substantial bompli-' ment from the Government, in acknowledge ment of his long service under- the Council of Education. There® is a genuine ghost at Eugowra, near Cu'dal. Miss Cutting sleeping iu a room, in which had slept a Mrs. Cook who had died from falling into the fire from a fit, saw the deceased . come in. The girl declares she was not aware of Mrs. Cook's connexion with the room, General Sir F. Roberts, who marched from Cabul to relievo Candahar, has been appointed to the command against tbe Boers. In a country church, not a hundred miles from Narrandera as the clergyman was giving out the last hymn, there arose a voice high above his — " If you do that again I will punch your head." Larrikinism has invaded tho sanctuary. Another instance : Somebody put a button on the place. The collector on detecting it, having passed on a few seats, flung it at the culprit's head, who ducked under the desk to avoid the missile. The Bulletin, which has avoided trouble while implying persons, by concealing names, has found it useless in the late libel case to " disguise him self aud go dowu to the battle." Damages, £1,000 and costs. Mr. Kemmis, of St. Mark's, denounced tbe Scripture lesson books as "Popish," because on the passage " Repent ye," tho lesson has a note explaining that some old and incorrect trans lations have " do penance," and that in fact, properly penance was the short for penitence or repentance. But on Wednesday last Mr. Kem mis read in his church, "Bring forth, therefore, worthy fruits of penance ! ' If that is Popish which rejects the old version and tells us why, Mr. Kemmis is doubly Popish, who still uses the old. Between Iledmire and Homebush stations a young lady, Miss Bray, aged IS, unaccountably got on ' the line, and several trains must have passed over her body. Tbe sad event has caused very general regret in the neighbourhood of Concord. A certain gossipy weekly paper has been lately boasting of its circulation as 16,000, which we fancied was rathor a long stretch of some body's power of estimation; The truth now comes out, that one-fonrth share was sold not long ago for £1,250, of which £250 were cash. Somewhat incompatible with tho alleged circu lation. Mr. Robert Kirkpatrick, guard of the Rand- wick tramway, died of injuries received by the collision of an omnibus with the tramcars. He left a widow and seven children. The recovery of Master Buakridge, aged 12 years, who had drifted out to sea in a canoe, in New Zealand, has given great joy to his friends. The father's life was lost in the vain attempt to find him. Messrs. Thomas, Douglas, and Slade happily saved him in the midst of a gale and heavy sea, fifteeu milos from land. The New South Wales Horticultural Society had an interesting meeting and show at the School of Arts on Wednesday. Mr. Gelding read an instruct; ve paper on " Popular Horti culture." Mr. Comrie proposes a railwayyto the Curra- jong by a route midway between the Grose and the Gap. Mr. Stuart complained in Parliament that the cost of our charitable institutions is excessive, owing to the abuse of them by persons who are able to pay, and to the facility with which Vic toria and other colonies send their paupers here. We believe a great many are admitted here with out payment who could pay, and recommenda tions are frequently signed without sufficient knowledge of the circumstances, by men too busy to enquire, and chiefly by clergymen who are presumed to be men of leisure, but whose time is really more occupied than that of others. On Tuesday morning, in Wynd ward Square, a remarkable column of dust arose pillar-like for 20 feet, aud then spread out like an umbrella, carrying up, and off westward, straws and paper in abundance. . Ah Toy's cabinet-making house, shingle-roofed, took fire from his engine sparks, aud then en dangered Mr.. Robertson's, next door. . Little damage,- however, was done. Rev. J. D. Langley leaves the colony for Europe on the 10th instant. \- Mr; Melville proposed to omit the vote of £200, :being the expense of opening the Museum on Sundays. He was well supported by the Premier and others, on the ground that public money ought not to go to purposes which shock the religious convictious of a large community. He withdrew his motion, for the purpose of bringing it forward in better form when the Speaker is in the chair. Sir Henry Parkes, like a true knight, broke a lauce in the House for the fair sex in tho schools, defending their right to receive an equal remu neration with men for equal officienoy. " If he had to go to school again," he significantly re marked,- " he knew whose teaching he would prefer." In youthful days these were emphati cally our sentiments, and it is well that both we and Sir Henry have not felt " our natural force abated." . The Educational estimate for the year is half a million. Three-hundred and thirty-three new schools applied; for. Two men killed on the works . of St. Mary's Cathedral. Who is to blame ? The weakness of the scaffolding, and other subsidiary work, must be traceable to some human carelessness. In Marii, one of the Loyalty Islands, a party of Protestant natives were attacked, unarmed and cooking their dinner, by armed Popish- na tives. They, of course, had to disperse. Next day the Papists challenged them to fight to determine which was the true religion, a truly Popish idea. It' was Sunday, and the Protestants refused to desecrate the Sabbath. Ou Monday, however, they accep ted the challenge, and drubbed the chal lengers'- hemming them in on a hill. The Papists were capitulating, when the priests dissuaded them; promising: the assistance of . French soldiers, which, however, did not come ; and the mastery remained with those who had been so wantonly attacked. Is, not Popery the same everywhere, and the prieBts ?-. : " Patrick's Day in the Morning " is to be cele brated this year by a dinner, after .which: the Australian substitute for the shamrock will be duly drowned. - It is to be hoped that as St. Patrick; was a Protestant and a loyal man, the Queen's health may this time be duly honoured. At a wedding, at Bright, between a Mr. Beer. ; and a Miss Waters, a guest remarked that the minister bad that day performed a miracle— he had turned Waters into Beer. He had evidently , honoured the toasts. . At Geelong there was a doubt whether a man was insane, but on the finding, of three letters from , married women sewn up in his coat, the doctors called it method. His : maddest act be came the best proof of his sanity. Opening; of the Sonth-westem Railway to Juhee took place quietly on Monday. Junee, 9,39 a.m. ; Narrandera, 12 noon, 