EBEING GENERAL COUNCILS. BY FKUTBTBB. look at Cranmers' cage of black crows—Cranmer'speril—Cranmers escape —Cranmer's courage—Cranmer's sentenoe on a woman—Cranmer's caution—Ritualinn of the first Christians—Scriptural ritual jam—Roman ritual in England—Anglioan ordination service mended—Early liturgies—Article XXI.] An esteemed readers, who are well up in their ornithology, will be aware that every married crow with a young family in that dizzy house of hers, so high up at the top of a tall tree, often oheers her weary, maternal heart with the thought that her little sooty boy-crows and girl-crows are the very whitest in the whole rookery, the sweet darlings. And, by some similar law of philoprogenitive admiration, the Most Rev erend Dr. Thos. Cranmer, whilome Archbishop of Canterbury, Grand Penitentiary of Eng. land, Privy Councillor, perjurer and apostate, would seem to have regarded his 3 pet Erastian Articles of his, new-made Religion, No. XIX., XX., and XXI. Very new was that religion 350 years ago, in a.d. 1550, a schismatical and heretical nestling just three years old. In calling these 3 Articles Cranmer's "Three Black Crows" the other week, I did not mean that they were the whole of the flock he had in his unclean cage. In fact, there were 42 of these foul birds in his doctrinal aviary Queen Elizabeth subsequently wrung the neck of one of them. " Parker's Convocation" knocked two more of them on the bead in 1562, reducing the clutch to 39, at which figure they remain to this day, though Archdeacon Paley, and other AngU can Erastian " divines," long ago and lately, proposed to open the Book of Common Prayer and let them fly away. The 39 Articles of Religion [what religion ?]. are always printed and bound in at the end of every Protestant prayer-book. There is good reason to believe that Cranmer had been hatching the eggs from which the cockatrice brood came, secretly sitting on them for 7 years before Henry VIII. died, in 1547. But he no more dare let the king know of his incubation than he dare walk into a den of hungry lions, Henry would have cut his servile Archbishop's head off as a heretic traitor, just to show what a superexcellent Catholic his majesty was. Cranmer had seen enough, and more than enough, to make bim feel on what dangerous ground all stood who had ministered to Henry's passions and caprices. Cranmer had seen Wolsey sacrificed. He had seen Cromwell sacrificed. He had also seen how expert Henry had become in chopping peoples' heads off when they stood in his majesty's way ; and Cranmer had no wish to part with his head with the mitre of Canterbury upon it. So he took solicitous heed to keep the Royal Head of the Anglican •chism in the dark about the nest, and the eggs, and the 42 baby crows. It was precisely because Henry was Supreme Head of schism: because he had cast off his filial allegiance to the Pope and made it treason' felony to hold any intercourse with Rome : it was just because he had cut a score of priests into quarters for adhering to the Pope: it was just because he had two wives living at the same time, and had put other two to death: it was for these and -other equally pious reasons that Henry was resolved to convince Catholic Europe that he was the very best Catholic in it, and, therefore, his majesty—Defender of the Faith !—passed the Act of Six Articles, making it death for anyone to deny the doctrine of Transubstantiation. Who dare say that Henry VTII. wasn't the very pick of Catholic princes, and most pious of Christians, as all schism- makers ever are: too pious, in truth, or they would never be schismatics ? Yes, " my very good lord and right honourable ana right worshipful grace" of Canterbury understood the king's conscience; understood it, perhaps, rather better than he did his own; and if ever Cranmer uttered one sincere prayer of thanksgiving, it must have been when he behel4 the dead, bloated, ulcerated body of his " most dear master," Henry VICE., laid stretched in its coffin. Nothing can more clearly show, or more horribly illustrate, the depths of Cranmer's cold-blooded guile, hypocrisy and dastard selfishness than his sentence of death which he passed on Anne Askew, for openly professing her disbelief in Transubatantiation. Cranmer himself disbelieved it, but was too base and. mercenary openly to declare his disbelief; yet, sitting as judge, or as chief of his own court, he sentenced the woman to be burned at the stake for a legal offence which he longed personally to commit, and for the commission of whiah he would have f applauded and rewarded the unfortunate woman, if he dare: and die was burned alive by Cranmer's judicial order. If ever there was retributive justice, may we not say that it fell on Cranmer for this deed when he himself, ere ten years, was burned at the stake in Oxford. Why did Cranmer burn this woman? To hide his own disbelief from Henry VUL ! I! What, then, wold we expect from such a Church founder but falsehood, -unblushing effrontery, and « superabundant deceitfedness. The man hated the Catholio religion with a hatred only to be measured bythe foolish malignity of language with whioh he expresses that a f p n f a h h C hatred in these 3 Articles, XIX., XX., YTT He erased the Catholio Church from existence in England. He left not a broken column or a fallen arch to markthe place she occupied. He would not haTe even one stone from her walls, or sash from her windows, in his new Erastian synagogue which he would erect on her ruins. _ He denies that any snch thing as a Catholio Church ever lived. There was some frightful monster, some ecclesiastical hydra or megatherium, that went about, with a tiara on its head, devouring souls by millions. Thank God, if there was any God, the destroyer was slain. He had killed it, and was glad to find its blood on his sandals. 8uch were his feelings when Henry VLIL died, hid deep in his bosom, lest they should imperil his head: so well concealed that Henry left him guardian-in-chief to his son Edward VI., aged ten, and successor to the throne, and left him also President of the Council of Regency. This, to a great extent, made Cranmer King of England for eight years to come, or until Edward VI. was eighteen. Cranmer was now the head cook of the devil's carnival, which soon waxed fast and furious. He baked up his 42 black crows into a pie, and set the dainty dish before the boy-king, and by imperial edict the contents of the dish were served out as the religion" of England, with rack, and jail, and halter, and fire, and confiscation to all who had no appetite or who wouldn't eat. As Cranmer had extinguished the old Church, and people couldn't forget the word, however they might be hocussed to forget the thing, Cranmer was bound to give them a new one of some sort. He, therefore, appeased the people with " A congregation of faithful men." That was " the Chnrch." He took it out of " the word of God." All Cturches hitherto had failed, falsifiedtheirmessage, and erred: erred in morals, erred in ceremonies, erred in discipline, erred in the Faith. Now, by the grace of Edward VI., aged 13 or 14, they had got " a congregation of faithful men'* in England. These faithful men had got the "pure word of God," and, therefore, couldn't err, because they had a boy-king of 12 or 14 to interpret the written word of God, as the kings mentioned in scripture had been in the habit of doing, some hundreds of years before Christ came, in Palestine or somewhere. Moreover, this " congregation of faithful [English] men" had authority, Cranmer said, in Article XX., to ordain rites, ceremonies, a form of worship, for themselves. In the old Tiara times the Pope had this power. But Cranmer and Luther, and Henry VIH. and Edward VI., had put the Pope to death, and the Pope's authority was now vested in kings and queens. Kings and queens would now begin Churchmaking all over again, and do everything as it ought to be done in the congregation of faithful men. Why the congregation shouldn't choose and ordain rites and ceremonies for itself Cranmer doesn't explain. On the contrary, he leaves out all allusion to the will and the choice of "the congregation," and mystifies the faithful men so that they can't see where they stand in the new Church, except that formerly they took and used the rites and ceremonies used at Rome, where the Pope lived; and now they were to take these rites and ceremonies from King Edward, aged 15. By the very wording of this Article XX., about the authority of the Church, we distinctly perceivc that the people of England, under Henry VIII. and his predecessors, had rites and ceremonics, and a form of worship with which they were not only familiar, but content, and desired no change ; and that a few men, holding high positions in Church and State, who had taken up Erastian opinions, and Lutheran and Calvinistic doctrines, sought for a change in the rites and worship in order to alter the doctrinal belief of the people. So that the devil's carnival was the work of a few, acting by the power of law. So that Cranmer's "congregation of faithful men," individually and one by one, had no more to do with establishing the Book of Common Prayer, and its bald, meagre worship, than with the introduction and adoption of the ancient Roman rite. The Book of Common Prayer was, in fact, arbitrarily and despotically forced upon " the congregation" of faithful men by the point of the sword and the constable's staff. The people didn't want it. For years they resisted its use. They were overpowered at length, and violently robbed of the Christian faith. " The Church," says Cranmer, " hath power to decree rites and ceremonies." The perjured hypocrite, with his characteristic propensity to lie by equivocation, here speaks as a Congregationalist, a sect which broke off from the Anglican Prayer Book sect, and which seeks ever the disestablishment of the'larger congregation it forsook. " The Church" of every city, town, and village hath power to construct its own form of worship. Yet, while Jaying down this principle as a dogmatic statement of his Church, Cranmer never allowed " the Church" of England" anysayin the selection oftheir own rites, but tore away the rites they had and then, by the hand of brute force, imposed a of worship whether they liked it or not. This was what he meant by " the authority of the Church." He meant the power of the king, advised by his Privy Council. These " the Church" or congregation of faithful men Cranmer had in his mind's eye when three Black Anglican Crows into his religion pie; but to throw dust in his people's eyes, and draw off their from this tyrannical declaration, adds that, although the Church hath lower to ordain ceremonies—as if any- K>dy had ever said that the Church not any such power—yet the has no -.power - to. ordain any that were contrary to the written word of God; as if anyone had ever said she had. The wicked fallacy of Cranmer's sophistication consists in this, that in the scriptures, that is, in the New Testament, no form of worship is laid down. A form certainly there was, and it was one and the same everywhere, in all the congregations : a form ordained by the Apostles, and, therefore, with divine sanction. This was the form expanded, and filled, and made more and more perfect in minor details by the bishops of Rome as time went on. This apostolic form began with the first going forth of the Apostles to all nations. They did not, and could not, bring Jewish rites and ceremonies with them ; bat a Christian form of worship was indispensable, and this form the holy Apostles provid«d, no doubt after discussing the very important subject in a synod. If anyone thinks that our Blessed Lord and His 12 Apostles never said or did anything but what we read of them in the gospels and epistles, I certainly am not that anyone. In the first step a form of worship was necessitated. It could neither be overlooked or postponed, or treated as a secondary consideration. The new sacrifice demanded new rites, and these were prepared. St. James, at Jerusalem, where he was the first bishop, wrote or directed to be written a form of worship for his diocese. At Ephesus, the see of St. John, there was a form of worship or ritual; at Alexandria, in Egypt, of which St. Mark left Rome to be bishop, there was a form of worship or rite; at Milan another, and there was the great Roman rite or form. I hava looked into most of all the old Liturgies or Missals, or early forms of Catholic worship used at the sacrifice of the altar. They are not all verbatim. They are not word for word all through, but they are all obviously arranged on one and the same plan, as from one and the same original j design or draft, all setting forth one and the same idea. That the Apostles decided on a | form of worship ior the whole Churoh, I have i no doubt. . . When Cranmer spoke in I Article XX. of rites and ceremonies, he I evidently had the liturgies or forms of j worship used at Jerusalem, Antioch, ! Alexandria, Constantinople, Ephesus, and i Rome in his head; and, because the forms j used at each place are not copied word for i word from each other, he insinuates and . assumes that they all were independent of j each other, and that each had their own | different rites or forms of worship, without any reference to similarity or unity of pur- ' pose. On this deception Cranmers Article I XX. has its sinister meaning. It is the i Congregational theory in express terms, a theory the "Church of England" found | itself called on, in a.d. 1662, flatly to i denounce and deny; nor has Congregationalism ever since pardoned that insult to its more scriptural system. Cranmer's Article XX. was adopted a.d. 1562, with this effect, that " the Church " of England was obliged 100 years after to " reform" and invigorate its Ordination Service both against the Independents and the Presbyterians. The Christian form of worship would naturally be influenced as to its length and fulness by two things: 1st, by the fear of provoking persecution from the pagans ; 2nd, by the educational tastes and religious training of the 12 Apostles. The former consideration would tend for some years to make the service as short as devotional propriety would permit. The second would, as a matter of course, give the Christian worship from the outset a ritualistic colouring. The holy Apostles were all reared from childhood under the solemnising power of a grand and elaborate ritual, every item of which was dictated by the Lord God to Moses at Mount Sinai. " See that thou make all things—the priests vestments, the altars, the tabernacle, and the form or order of' the worship—according to the pattern shown to thee in the Mount." The high priest's mitre, the breast plate, the small bells rung in the sanctuary when the priests moved, the incense, the censers, the patenB, the holy oils, the holy water, everything in the Jewish service were to be aocording to God's directions, and were, no doubt, copied from the general appearance of things in heaven. I should like to know what's the sin of using forms of worship which resemble the worship of Heaven. If anyone will thoughtfully some chapters of the Apocalypse or Revelations of St. John the Evangelist, they can hardly fail to observe that the descriptionshe gives of his view of Heaven recall the instructions given by Moses in Exodus and Numbers for the whole entourage of the Tabernacle in the Wilderness, and also certain passages in the prophets Isaiah and Ezekiel. And if any thoughtful person who is conversant with the scriptures will watch the ceremonial progress of the High Mass in a Catholic cathedral, I know not lu>w they can avoid being struck by the ritualistic mitt en scene, as being so like to what we read in Josephus of the Jewish worship. Cranmer, like all heretics, had a dislike of ritual. There is, no donbt, the gaudy, tawdry, Irvingites and Anglican Ritualists, but these are only the insignificant of all insignificant exceptions, and the exception proves the rule, and the heretical rue is an irrational abhorrence of ritual. This should be a little consolation to all Catholics, whose Churoh robes herself as the Churoh in Heaven is robed, in ritual, if. we: may believe Moses, the prophets, and the Apostles, against the apostate Cranmer and his Articles XIX. and XX., one of which annihilates the- credibility of- the holy Apostles, and the other declares that a fallible Church, that is, a Chnrch which does not know whether it is teaching truth or falsehood, has power to enforoe anything it likes on men as necessary to. salvation, amply by saying that thedootrineit enforoeeis taken out of holy scripture. Bnt Cramnerwjw still open to attack. He knew that heretics have a trick of appealing to Gener.il Councils when anything has been decided against them. Cranmer had advised Henry VIII. to appeal to a General Council against a Pope's injunction. Bnt now he saw that his own game might be played against himself and his 39 Artioles. So he provides against this contingency by ARTICLE XXI. Of the authority of General Councils. "General Councils may not be gathered together without the commandment and will of princes. And when they be gathered together (fora«much as they be not an assembly whereof all be not governed by the spirit and word of God) they may err, and sometimes have erred, even in things pertaining unto God. Wherefore things ordained by them as necessary to salvation have neither strength nor authority, unless it may be declared that such things have been taken out of holy scripture." . . . It is beyond all human ken to discover whether Cranmer was drunk or crazy when he compiled this XXI. Article. XIX. was black; XX- blacker; XXI. blackest, in so far as idiotic malice can begrime it. Cranmer excels himself in these three Articles, rising with a gradation of stupid fatuity as he goes. 1st, the definition of a Church; 2nd, the Authority of the Church; 3, the Authority of General Councils. But what is a General Council only the whole Church assembled to consult for her own peace and welfare. What is the distinction Cranmer would draw between the authority of the Church and the authority of a General Council ? But let esteemed readers note what this archbishop says:—" General Councils may not be gathered together without the commandment and will of princes." Let us apply this to the case of the First General Council of the Church on record. In Acts xv., St. Luke records a portion of the proceedings of a General Council in whbh all th<; Apostles and other dignitaries of the Church were gathered together. A grave and troublesome question hat, ..risen. The quiet of the Christian society was disturbed by it. To set the matter at rest, the Apostles held a council, and if ever the whole Church was represented in council it was then. But had the Apostles got leave from any prince or king to come together ? From what prince should they ask permission ? From Archelaus, or nerod Agrippo, or Tiberius, the pagan Roman Emperor. Cran mer says General Councils may not be gathered without the command of princes. But what pagan or Jewish prince would ever give such a commandment? What did the kings of the earth care for the Christian Church or its prosperity ? Were the Apostles to wait until the kings took an interest in " the Church ? " The truth is, the Apostles did not solicit any prince's leave to hold their council. The stateof theChurch required it, and the Apostles met, debated, andthenissuedthf ir decree precisely in the form used by General Councils ever since—"We, assembled in the Holy Ghost." Or, if we take a modern instance. Suppose the German bishops found it necessary to meet for deliberation, were they to apply for leave to the Emperor William through Princc Bismarck ? Would the German bishops be sure of receiving permission ? And if it were refused, what then ? Was the Church of Christ to be left uuguided, neglected, ungoverned, and without oversight, or advice, or admonition ? Does not every one see that, if not drunk with wine, he must have been intoxicated with Erastian infatuation when he wrote such an Article as XXI. He stated in Article XX. that "the Church" [what Church ?] had authority to decree rites and ceremonies. But as soon as he gets to XXI. he nullifies all the authority given a moment before, and binds her, hand and foot, at the footstool of any princc or king of whom she has to ask leave to meet and decree the required rites. Every large community needs constant legislation, and the adjustment of disputes, and counsel or correction, and in the Church all this is only to be done in synod or assembly of the elders, or rulers, or officers. If these are prohibited from meeting, their society would fall into confusion. An English sovereign suspended all the liberties of " the Church" ef England at the prompting of an Anglican bishop, who acted in revenge. The king refused to allow the Anglican Convocation or General Council of the Protestant clergy to meet 160 years ago, and it was virtually defunct from the reign of George I., IL, until the reign of her present majesty. Then was the " Egyptian darkness" of "the Church of England," in which Wesleyanism arose, and penal laws against " dissenters" and Catholics were no dead letter in the Statute Book. Kings might never suffer " the Church" to hold a General Council, and thus annul the command of Christ, who appointed His own shepherds to feed and tend His sheep. What king or prince was asked to grant leave for the last General Council of the Vatican to assemble P Did each of the 800 bishops who came together in 1870 ask leave of the.king in whose dominions they resided if they might go to the Vatican Council? Cranmer's Article XXI. is worded with the naual looseness of expression which heretics love. But if he were sober enough to know what he, was about when he wrote it, then Ids Article XXI. is. a self- stultification, a jest levelled at his own two previone Articles, as if he were laughing derisively jn his sleeve at the n- .idles who' could he caught with a flimsy net oi such palpable humbug- The Church has authority to ragiSate her own worship. - She can only doaoby meeting in General Council. But if princes forbid har to meet, the Church most not meet. . And as Cranmer; had already conolnifad : Vihe Churoh" in universal erroiy^o he a^w abuta» up all General Connajh. in ^hraamft'erring horse-box. The * ral Councils have also erred. The Pope has erred. TheChurohesof Antioch, Jerusalem, and Borne have erred. Everybody has erred, quoth the omniscient Oranmer, -with a charming tono oi the most assured infaUibility. Everybody everywhere would appear to have «rred and lost tlitir senses, except the apostate himself, who has received a new commission from heaven to make all things new. April 19th, 1881. 