AjCOAItyERCIAL TRAVELLER'S TALE. Tho following amusing narrative is adapted from a story which appeared some years ago in the daily press :(t- .ig.jiw << Atebmmercial- 'traveller: on . lus business ronnds. camel? one of the large Yorkshire towns, wbers he found-,tcionjlhis > 'arrival . that the tunc whioh under; ia ulapso i- of: momory, be bad chosen for hispvisitt'ivas mo3tunopportunc. . ' The- racos were on;'-1 ahd-! every, . house of- accommodation, was crowddtl to cxcess.. . Upon application to the land- lady'Of the htel' >wliero he had boon in tho habit of staying!. ho was. unformed - that every bed m.tho premises' bad;boen: bespoken for a week before his comitig j- apdqmoro than this, that even-the very flo(Trt">.4ndiftables of 'the dining-room would bo burflenod'at night with raciDg-men and woary plea- aure-seckors. ' Upou my word. Bir,' sho said, ' you greatly, dis- tresa.ftddlpazzle'mei. il.really do not know where in the world.iITcini.ptit you.' But After thinking for'am?omejit;:sho:asked :- ',\Yill you consent to oc cupy tho'Jio3tler's room,' sir ? It . stands m a back part'Of thd-i promises ; ond perhaps wo could man- ago". to ' makemte-mt ; least in some. 'degree — com- fortabltAol ivbii-'W f -. . ... . . . T htf traveller thanked her warmly, and: declared tliat -the accommodation' ahespoko of was tho very, tlurtgainder tbomircumstancos. In about half an hour, tho hostlor was called; and toldTaJ take!alantern and conduct the gentleman to hisbbOdfooih.-' Oar traveller - found, upon looking around, that good use ; had been made of the half- hoiir5ht%'ad ibeen kept waiting. A carpet had boon pueoAthofloor ; hlankets and sheets were uner- cep'tibbable.': - :/ It'Nvab'late <in;the autumn of the year — the nights were lohgand our friend,- rather; tired, soon fell asleep, And Aid not wake until the gray dawn of the morning, 'hand-; hot /even . then, bad- bo. not been ardiiBed by some one coining, along, tbe outer pas- ' sago with a heavy! step, and entering his "bedroom. Turnihgirou'ud in'His blankets to learn who was tho intruder, he perceived a man, tall, gaunt, andgrim, his tUfoabare,' tho sleeves of bis shirt turned up, and his haiFanbnkempt'and standing upright in the most disordered manner. The dark figure draw near tho traveller's . bed, .'stooped over him, and peered down closely in tli6 dim light, evidently anxious to find out if . the porson lying there was awake. Perceiving that this was the case, our tra veller saw himjin tho dusky light, draw himsolf nnrtfthr. in tVin r/lnm +.Y\on onlomnlv rnion nnn Arm "v— extend it, Bnd/pdratr'with'-bis- hand' through the window to a place patside ; alter whioh, more im: . raoovcrcil the extbnrlnd. limb, and motioncd with his forefinger three times across his throat. This dono, tho strange appari- stion abruptly dopartcd, his feet sounding as dis- . Jtinctly upon the floor and stop-ladder on liis' going out, as they bad been heard to do when he came in- „ I'rQ I' 1 : 0i,ThCompitp'oinl traveller was not a norvousman, hOjpjj'topwledgo, mofo' or less, of tho strange! ounpneph' rough usages of the world.'. Yet, tsig .grotesciue, and absolutely silehtuntruder, , and hismost singular gestures, did not strike him as altogether pleasant or agreoable ; tend he "would much rather notlhavo boen disturbed In such an nnseasonjtblo, apd . unwarrantable t .manner. ' Ho wb'md, howo vcr, tak'o no action in tho matter—at lbMt; fpr ' tbe' present; Iiideed, lid foil himself piworfess. tpdo Jbis' in thiij 'lbtfely part of' tbe pre-i miBitf.!.'JBu't hd oortainly,. when he got . iip, would' malaubohiplaint'to Mrs, 'Bonifaco of tho way in whioh ho had boenaunoyed. Fixing this purpose in .his mind, que. isolated, lodger betook himsolf again, to'i Biumber, 'anii. ,liad almost re-entered Slandipf'drpqths, Whe',' b'qtli'to his voxatiou hud' . wfifoVtqtefieltad' previously heard;- again roflffddd'upAn li'is fiarS— the samo firm and mea sured treatL-and. soon JiTs" former visitor repoated his myBteribihh'ntVusion? : : : ,(£Ehi», tlme,ithD'l»ahtit Bguro looked ' agitatod anil i angryfcflhditoioiii:: traveller's amazement and foar, carried in his right hand a largo, long, and gleam- iuglldlifW iPOilitin his hand in a similar direction ' arbofore, ho shook hia grizzly head, and violently winked'his eyes imd stnmpod bis foot ; yet ; uttered novor a word, but 'kept porfoctly siiont; and cou- cludqd ij.s_w.fld' actions, by drawing, not hia tingor, hat the hdge knifc, dotorminately and slowly, across his exposed tjupafc- _ After this gliastly pantomime, a second time ho tqok-Jiis leavo, proooeding along tho narrow, floored "passage, and down- the step- ladder to the inn:yard. The jfSu beforo whom tills awful dumb-show ''ad been performed, crouched and trembled in hisbod. He hac'cjfjfen hoard of spectral and superuatui'al ap- pearanobsrhnd had affectdd to-laugh at; thdio who declared tueyTbolievbd in them. ' But wiiq dot this, after all, an 'jinpaVtbly . visitation t \It looked ex tremely like , j' 'v Ho would-noi settle himsolf for further eleop ; he had been toS much disturbed and unnerved for ad ditional repose; so he resolved to lie' awake in bis hod until' broaa daylight. ' ' v A quhrter of un hour had but barely passod, when pur' traveller for the third time heard the same footsteps ajiproaching his bedroom. Again, his drh'ad-vieitor approached him, and with tenfold -added horrors; for his face nudhands were smoared with blood. as was also tho knife which, on his second Ooinin'g, he had carried. Holding'ibwsfbe- fore in his light hand, ho drew the crimson-stained . "weapon $or;,the;-eeeond time across his throat, ro- peatiDg 'tlio action onoe, twice, and thrice"; then again.hqplt ominously his . dishevelled looks. ; .and turning upon'" his h'eol withalook of, angl-y portent, eft thq.apprtmeht. . . So ihtich for the ghost ; and now for the laying of \- it. ;It;turned put, upon -inquiry, that the gaunt and grotesque figure which had haunted - our travel ler-was only a poor dumb lad, who was accustomed to help the hostler, to kill pigs. On this morniug, -tbreeoftheser animals had to moot tho common :-;doonk'o0heirJkind. -Tho first visit of the lad to ' . oiir trqyolleVa rqqm was . to inform his comrado — who, die 'k'Uow/usnallJr ' 'slopt there — that tho hour was oomofor "their deadly work, intimating tho manner 'of it 'by tho throb passes of his finger across his throat.' "'Upbri- leaving tho room, and finding, liftGrduointerval, that tho hostlor — as he took our travel Ier.fo'Ji)"4UlJa(tiio\ n'rlsOli l<Jc liis.taalt, lio re turned tho second timo, angry that his oall had not been ohoyod,. oiid tdok the slaughtering knife with him, aa'oai \totehl 1 anil sign of what the lazy hostlor had to got up and. do. By the timo of his AbiisLyidit ito,>tliaiX)Oin. be had himself donqtb work of death witUoi(t<tUc aid, of hie fellow, aud ho -brought, the hlptfd-atciued knife to signify as muob ; aftd,ajqp,ip dumb-show to say : 'You may now lie iwyouc.hqd thmb.fqrjauothor hour or two, if you had of yoii to icavo all tliistrouuldsome'pibce of butcher's- work to mo.' 'j Dr Duncan, of Albury, was a fow days ago, whilst: lying asloop.'ihi'Sv rail way j carriage, "nt Footscray.j pouBsed, on by; ,twp.- detectives . aa o . forgur,,- He' Iihbcio'd' botif oV ' thoni ' down, and on a pblifetaan coming to their assistance, the now arrival dis covered tho mistake, and mutual apologies wore 