j metropolitan gossip. I _ By H. J. H. M. Tiie scandal-loving portion of our com munity have recently had two very interest ing cases to gloat over—a breach of promise of marriage, and a disputed will involving a large sum of money. My lady friends persist in appealing to mo for my opinion, but as I hold views not altogether 111 accord ance with the majority, I invariably declare that as I am not seized of all the particulars concerning oiio case] (lie other being sub judice, judgment so far as I nni concerned must be reserved. The Lamont will case is far too good a thing for the lawyers to let slip through their fingers ill a hurry, and as the testator appears to have left his money to.straiigoi'S, bucausdhe lmcl so little love for hisrelations, one can hardlyblamethegentle men of the long robe for thinking that one stranger is as good as another. With regard to the breach of promise, one may hazard an opinion, since the jury hiive given theirs and have backed it up with the respectable sum of £200. I refer to the ca'se of Brooks v. Smithy where a lady had to sue in her maicleii lliiniS after "being twice married. As particulars of this celebrated case have already appeared in this journal, I shall not repeat them here. What makes this case such, a general subject of conversation is the f:yct that one can never be quite sure whether one is married or single. Mr. Coutts, no doubt firmly believed himself to be a benedict, till Mrs. Coutts discovered that he was a bachelor possessed of £600 of her money, and proceeded to quarrel with him for it. • I.can't say that I have much respect for a lady who, according to her own showing,■ divided her affections so evenly between her husband ic facto if not 'le jure and her lodger, and who was so willing to link her lot with either provided he would only submit to the necessary legal ceremony. Public sympathy is undoubtedly with Mrs. or Miss Bi'oolis, arid since she has that and £200 sterling, perhaps the lady will rest contented as sifemme sole. Really some thing ought to be done to assimilate tlie marriage law throughout her Most Gracious Majesty's dominions. It does seem strange that the subjects of one of the most virtuous monarchs should be trapped into a breach of the moral code, or be liable to be robbed of hard earned savings and turned Adrift to starve or to go to a benevolent asylum in olcl "go- _ 1:. : ... .... i A friend from Geelong 1133 been.giving me a glowing account of the increased com-' mereial prosperity ^of, thfi Pivot. I fancied Geelong must tb lOokilig (ip;: .Wheij.I heard that a double line of rails was retjuli'dd from the railway station to the wharf. Mr. John Woods: was .not sso. far wrong when, , he 'declared that the Colac line would pay when carried on to the border of South Australia. During the last season , in . addition to 45,333 bales of Wool no leas than 810,478 • bushels of wheat Were shipped from the port of Geelong and no less than ninetyroiie • vessels cleared out, representing a total ton nage of 38,082 tons. .. Being a resident of Melbourne, I, of course, think there is no place like Melbourne, but for - all that I ain not so blinded by prejudice as not to see that the interest of the colony demands that the metropolis shall not be allowed,to monopolise all the trade. I differ from tliose who" tl link -that a city, town or townsJiij) should. lie subsidised with public money, that it may continue'to exists simply because1 it does exist ; but J do think that trade .should be allowed to {low in its legitimate channels and not be diverted to the-capital. / . I , ... To my mind the'farmer has an undoubted 'right' to demand that" lie' shall "have "agood road on which,to send his.-produce to the nearest port, be it where it may, and as the iron road is the cheapest, the quickest and the best, that is the road lie should have wheii he asks for it. A yield of'9,3G3,95G bushels of wheat, the produce of the colony this season, is the "outcome of a vast amount of privation, patient endurance, energy, and enterprise, and thosewho have practised- all these virtues, much to the benefit of the State, rand very little to their own, are certainlyentitled to at least as much considera tion as well-paid artisans, denizens of our big cities. ' i A week ago we liad almost maclo up our minds that tlie country was to have peace. Political lions, wolves, and. jackals had agreed to compromise, so we were told. According to recent reports tlie most rapacious oE these animals are not contented with the good feeds! they have had, but are determined to have more. To speak plainly the extreme,Radicals iii the'Loiver House are 'so desperately afraid., that when a reform bill is passed their.occupa fcion will be gone, that they are likely to induce our vacillating Premier to turn 'his back -on the olive branch now being held out by the Council, and instead of the Council being re 1 formed,. .there will be another •• deadlock. Far be it from me to have the honour of be 1 ing a prophet, when I can see only mischief i looming in. .the distance. The- Appropriation Bill is not passed'; the civil servants are ■-unpaid ; and their butchers and- bakers are clamorous and anxious. Nearly everybody i expects to see thb Land Tax Bill kicked out [ .by the Council or amended in.such a. way, as piactically to mean the same thing. I believe. Mr. Beixy intends to takehis stand on the,all round ten pounds franchise and if the Council agree to that he will be hoisted witlf liis~o.wn. | petard ; if, not, " to;your; touts,; QliIsrael." .\S JJo you, my good sir, ever react tue lauys column in-any of those journals which are; so considerate as to devote a column to. matters pertaining to'tlie'fair sex ? If you do:hot you should do .so. You will be both.enlightened and-entertained. Take this for instance —"The fate of; parasols^ is'almost' decided ; they are to be L'trge in .size-and; to, match the costume in'cbloiu\''' 'T 'Wiio, I wonder, decides the fate of parasols ;01d Sol, one would sup pose, sinceho settles , the question whether one is to have sunstroke 'or require ari'xilster. Only to think .that the wife . of, your . bosom (that wife of whom you are so "proud) miglit have had the tip;'of her nose -scorched till it resembled a clrinker's, if the .decree (of r_fate had been forv!suiaUTsized;^pM^pk.--rMatie. Gouband'evidently knows jiext to' nothing of liumanj. nature.' ''.^tK'jK^''I is only.a lay figure,.011 wliieb to hang'.sol.many yards of c.ostly;material,.-cut,and tiimmed till : it becomes an abomination of ugliness, incon venience, and expensivencss arid only, useful for promoting celibacy through making (in the minds of -a: -bachelor of limited..means) a charming woman into a; scarecrow., ' j Of Frenchwomen Marie may knowsomething, but one thing is certain'slio lias.hever seen an Irishwoman. I mean an Irish lady, notBiddy the cook or Mary the housemaid'; and yet both of these could soon enlighten her. Here is a specimen of innocence—;"One of the latest eccentricities of fashion is the adoption by ladies of an officer's gorget. We do hot attempt to explain this somewhat extra ordinary taste for military distinction, but it is plainly discernible among our elegantes. " What 1 Can't account for a woman's taste for military distinction ? Fie, Marie ; You are a hypocrite. One more little bit of unsophis ticated innocence, and I have done with Marie. " It would be better, we think, if we must adopt this article of attire, at least to change its name so as to avoid unnecessary confusion, and give it a more lady-like nomenclature." This suggestion is past a goak. Why, the thing is pretty in the eyes of beauties, only because it is manlike," and would not be tolerated for an hour under any other name. In the miscellaneous column of the Aus tralasian of,this week the disappearance of ghosts from Scottish moors is satisfactorily accounted for by ai old Scotchman. He says " it requires Scotch whisky on the top of old ale to enable a man to sou a ghost really worth "talking about." Although we have not got any moors in this colony we have some lonely paddocks which ought to answer the same purpose. A friend of mine a few nights ago plied me with enough whisky to enable a man to see fifty ghosts, and that too on the top of some good ale. I rode over some paddocks studded with ringed and leaf less gum trees, which looked ghostly and weird-like enough in the moonlight. But I never saw the ghost of a 'ghost. Ah, I can I tell you the reason. The ii'h/slty fets good, not raw spirit, but genuine " Castle JJlend." You can bet your bottom dollar that neither a ghost imr a headache would be made out of a gallon of that whisky. Writing of Castle Blend puts me in mind1 that this was the only Scotch whisky which obtained the highest award at the Melbourne International Exhibition. Such good liquor deserves a word even from a gossiping correspondent. 