Geelong Winter Steeplechase Meeting. (By Our Special Reporter.) I Friday, 29th July. j Stewards: Messrs. J. Austin, S. V. Bucklandi 1 A. Chirnside, A. EL. Finlay, C. IbbotsoD, J- I F. Maguire, James Noble, John Siison, j Dr. D. B. Beid. Handicapper : Mr- E. T, I Barnard. Starter : Mr. George. Watson. ( i duijijc in. r« wOuu oimsQtte oicxik Ui uio I course : Mr. D. O'Toole. .Secretary : Mr. J. D,. Robinson. The annual Winter Steeplechase Meeting of the Geelong Racing Club took place to-day, when, despite the threatening aspect of the weather, there were fully 500 passengers by the special train which left the Spencer street railway station about half-past. 10 o'clock. I The weather, although threatening, kept fine | throughout the afternoou, but it was hardly encooraging to the stewards to find that they were so pooriy supported Dy tne local j residents, so far as regards the attendance, j The authorities at Geelong have by this rime j been so well posted up in their dories that it I is scarcely necessary to say thai everything passed Qff very smoothly, and that an in- I teres ting afternoon's sport rewarded those j who had taken the trouble to visit the course, j Von Moltke and Brown Hawk were most I faneied for the Trotting Bace, but neither of | them had the ghost of a chance with Black j Diamond, who led all the way, and won as he j liked. The Hurdle Bace was a very nnsatis j factory affair, as The Dutchman fell three- I quarters of a mile from home, and Bhesus running off, took Dhurringile and Ring of Trumps with him, the result being that Cum berland won very easily at the last. Koh-i-noor was backed very heavily for the Winter Handicap, bnt though he ran well for a j"11 with Napper Tandy, the latter came away in the last quarter of a .mile, and won easily. I An interesting race €hsued in the Steeple chase, Victor and Collingwood making tbe running nearly all the way, bat in the last quarter of a mile Collingwood n-ganui (ha lead, and eventually won pretty well at his ease. Nimrod won the Selling Hurdle Bace in a common canter,, and. the mmfl . remark may be made about Napper Tandy in connec tion with the Railway Stakes, as he to the front a quarter of a mile from home, beat his field as he chose. The following are the results : — Distance Handicap Trot, a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. eaoh, with 30 sovs. added. Second horse to receive 10 sovs. out of the stakes. About three miles. Weight not less llst.;<>saddle car harness. , Mr. P. J. Roddy's Wk m Black Diamond, ««ed, 750yds. . . .. .. .. Owner 1 Mr. C. Colbaths b b Von Moltke, aged, 400yd&. \-- - - , -- - Srheppberd 3 Mr. G. Thornton's b g Conquering Hero, need, 400yds. .. riunn 3 Mr. F. Bobbin s'e br g Brown Hawk, aged, 150yds. #m " « „ „ Owner 0 Mr. L. Grimwood'e pbld g Skowev, aged, 700yds. » »« Owufir 0 Mr. D. M'Naughfceii's bik h Prince, 750yos. — .. - , „„ > Owner 0 Mr. F« Upjolm's ch g Servuader 6 .yrs, 890y<L. .. Owner 0 jd „ S, MiUsGm's b g tlobrge, 6 I Mr! F. Seal's b in Iattie 3Iate, 6 .yra, 6C%j j Mr.W. B.' Moore's blk g Little Wonder. i ys, ! 800yds. .. ' ?? ui " W Betting : 5 to 4 on Yen Moltke. 1 Black Diamond led all the way, and beat j Yon Moltke easily by ax lengths, Conquering - Hero a bad third, Prince fourth, Brown Hawk fifth, and Skewey sixth. Time, 8mm. losec. Handicap Hurdle Race, a sweepstakes of | so vs. each, with 70 sots, added. Second horse to receive 10 bovb. out of the stakes. About two miles. Mr. A. S&qui;'a b g Cumberland, 5 yrs, Mr.R. Griffitbs's br g New Zealand, 2 1 Mr" A. O'Connor's blk g Cvclops, aged, 9stb Bougklin's b g King of Trumps (late Moni- Eirt wredT list 41b .- T.Corrigan 0 Mr. J.' Win tore's b h Dhurringile, 4 yrs, Msfc 111b 0 Mr. T. Naughten's b g miesus, o 0 1 Mr.M. Fox's b or "br g Dutchman, aged, 9st 71b nn ,« Keating u Betting: 2 tol agst Dhurringile, 3 to 1 each agst King of Trumps and Cumberland. The moment the flag was lowered, Hew Zealand rushed away with the lead, followed by Dutchman, Cyclops, and Dhurringile, but before they had gone any distance, Dutchman | headed New Zealand— Cyclops, King of Trumps, and Rhesus being most conspicuous of the others. Approaching the stand, Dutchman drew right away from the field, and as they rounded the torn, he was fully ten lengths in front of New Zealand, with King of Trumps, Dhurringile, and Cumberland lying well up. Dutchman carried on the, run ning along the back of the course, hut at the far turn he fell, where Rhesus, who by that time was in front, ran round, taking with him DhurringUe and King of irampB. v/umuci- land then went to the front, was never after wards headed, and beat New „ Zealand easily by a length, Cyclops third, 100 yards away from the winner. Time, 4min. 24fsec. Winter Handicap, a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, with 100 sovs. added. Second horse to receive 20 sovs. out of the stakes, For all ages. One mile and a half. . Mr, D. S. Wallace's br h Napper Tandy, by Man- byrnoog — Creinorne, 5 yrs, 7st lfllb, M. O Mr. R. Howie's Dr c Koh-i-noor, 2 yrs, 7st jo. g Hr.J. Whittingbam's ch g Attache, 4 g Mr W. Branch's gr f Yerdurej 8 yxstb, q Betting : 5 to 4 agst Koh-i-noor, 2 to 1 agst Napper Tandy, 3 to 1 agst AttachA _ After some 'delay a bad start saw Koh-i- noor away in front, Verdure being left at the post, but in less than fifty yards Napper Tandy ran to the front, Koh-i-noor and Attache following a length or so apart. At the far turn of the course Attache and Koh- i-noor closed on Napper Tandy, and as they came into the straight running Koh- i-noor had somewhat the best of it, but Napper Tandy forcing the running very gamely, beat Koh-i-nopr on the post by a head, Attache a moderate third, and Verdure last. Time, Jimn. osec. _ _ Handicap Steepleease, a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, with 400 sovs. added. Second horse to receive 20 sovs. out of the stakes. About two miles and a half. Mr. R. Howie's b g ColliDgwopd, by Moms Dancer, 6 yrs, lOst 41b .. - ,qik 16 Mr. T. Armstrong's b g Victor, aged, 9st 121b .. « Carey a j Mr.'R. Batty's g g Ranger, 6 yrs, 9at 41b - Wall 8 Mr. M. Loughlin'b Bine Jacket, 9bI . . A. M Innes 0 I Betting : 5 to 4 agst Colhngwood, 2 to 1 agst Ranger, 4 to 1 agst others. .... j Ranger and Victor went away with the j lead, but before they had gone 100 yards, Victor took up the running, Oellingwood, j Ranger, and Blue Jacket going on as named. Victor cut out the work, followed by Ranger and. Collingwood as they passed the stand, I and there was very little alteration until J they approached the far turn, where Ranger j closed on the other two, and was momen tarily in front. Collingwood and Victor, however, drew away again, and the former, leading over the last fence, beat the Tasma- nian easily by about iwo lengths, Ranger a , bad third. Selling Hurdle Race, a sweepstakes of 2 sovs. each, with 50 sovs. added. The winner to be sold for eO sovs. Weights: , . « . /ML . a - m.f nv, . k & a yrs oiu, »si. oiu. ; j and aged, lOst. 121b.; with 71b. reduction for every 10 sovs. reduction down to 20 I sovs. About one mile and a half. J Mr. T. Jones's br g Nimrod, aged, £29, 9st 51b j J.King 1 | HrL. West's br m Fair Maiden, 6 yrs, £50, lOst I M'Coy 2 j Mr. F. Tozer's cb f Minerva, 3 yrs, £30, 9st 41b j 1 including 4Lb overweight) .. - Bowling 8 1 Betting : 3 to 1 Nimrod. j Fair Maiden went away with the lead, but j Nimrod ran to the front before they had j gone 200 yards, closely accompanied by FaU Maiden. The latter ran up to Nimrod at the far turn, but Nimrod drew away again j in the straight, and won easily by a length | and a half, Minerva a bad third. Time, I 3min. 39sec. The winner was bought in for £25. Railway Stakes, a handicap sweepstakes of 2 sovs. each, with 50 sovs. added. For all aces. Seven furlongs. Mr. D. S. Wallace's br h Napper Tandy, by Marl- | bvrnong, 5 yrs, 8st 51b - O'Brien .1 Mr J Thompson's ra or ch The Ghost (late Balis- bury), 8 yrs, fist 91b . - Crackneil 2 Mr. A. R. Ingiis's b c Bruno, 8 yrs, 6st 12lb . . .. Gasnion o Mr F. Tozer's b 1 Lady Hampden, 8 yrs, fist 121b — .. .. v j Dr." Jackson's ch m Ruby, 4 yrs, fist . . Morrison 0 j Mr. W. Branch's gr f Verdure, 3 yrs, — 0 I Betting: 7 to" 4 each agst Bruno and The j Ghost, 5 to 2 agst Napper Tandy. 1 Bruno and The Ghost made the runmng untU after they entered the straight running, when Napper Tandy came through and wdn easily by two lengths from The Ghost, Bruno, who died away at the last, a moderate third, and Lady Hampden fourth. J 