INTEECOLONIAL ITEMS. The New Zealand Parliament will probably bo dissolved in November. Miss Helen Hart is lecturing in Melbourne on that fertile topio — ' Woman's Bights.' A Now Zealand firm, Ketnpthorue, ProBser aud Co., have manufactured 69 tons of sul phnric acid, and will olaim the Government bonus of £500. Papers received from Fiji report that the natives are tired of annexation, and are peti tioning the Queeu for tuo restoration of their independence. It has be.'n decided to form a company at Christchurob with a capital of £3U,U00, in £2 shares, to promote tho various industries in oonneolion with linseed. The Viot rian Alliance are actively engaged n thftir pflr..rt« t.n infmiiliPH fH*» uritimnln etf ' local option 'an n means of checking tho evils of intemperance. The member for Perth has given notice that next session, of Parliament he will move to introduce a bill for thu establishment of respon sible government in Western Australia. At tho JJWiiiors' Co-operative Association meeting at Ohristchurch, it was stated that, one firm of importers in thut city bad made £2u,000 iu one season from reapers und binders. The Legislative Oouucil of Western Aus tralia will probably meet in November, to con sider the details- of the so. .erne for the construc tion of a railway on the land grant system from York to Albany. The New Zealand House of Representatives on September 14-, pasted estimates to the \- amount of half a million in three minutes by the elock, without a word of comment — viz., ifiiues, Defence, und Works- To ensure the effectual stamping out of phyl loxera, the Victorian Government having de stroyed the affeoted vineyards in the Geelong district, is now arranging for the eradication of (turden vines in the same distriot. the- New South Wales Department of Mines, speaks well of tho reefs, ana says they will be in nminHt.HV nf r.hn nlnnn. Hn fnllv hnlintr^a the alluvial, as at present working, will be worked out in three years. When the father of the present Governor of Viotoria was Lord Lientonant of Ireland, the father of the ax Speaker of the Victorian As seubly (Sir Charles M-'Mahon) wus Muster of the Bolls, aud the father of the present At torney-General was Attorney-General for Ireland. The Inspcctor-G-eneral of Penal Eetabliah ments- in Victoria, has called the attentiou of the Government to the large number of inmates of gaols who have been imprisoned solely for weakness and destitution. These oominittals, he says, swell the criminal statistics, and inter fere with prison discipline. No further disclosures have been made respecting the robbery of £2,540 from the Bank of Victoria. Tbe bajik- offer a reward of £300 for information which will lead to the recovery of the stolen money, the- reward to be increased to £5U0 if the information, should lead to the conviction of the thief. Mr. J. G. Pitoher, the manager of the Town and Couutry Batik at Adelaide, aoting in cun oert with a number of English capitalists, has opened negotiations with the South Australian Government for the construction of a transcon tinental railway on tbe land grant prinoiple irom me present terminus or tne 1 ore Augusta line to Port Duiiwin. The Maoris on the west coast of New Zea land are causing great anxiety to the Govern ment of the oolony. The latest telegrams from Parihaka report that Te Whiti, the Maori prophet,, at bis tuual monthly meeting with the natives, was urging upon them a policy of forcible resistance to the Government. Negotiations havo been completed at Auck land between Mr. Halcombe aud the Patetere Association fon 200,000 acres of land, to be transferred to him as the representative of an English emigration aid society, 1,000 acres being ploughed and levelled for a township, twenty-nine miles from Cambridge. During the voyage of the immigrant ship Nineveh, from t.nglaud to Sydney, the dull routine of events wan relieved to some extent by j-jkoi',. more or lean serious, praotised by some of the oung female immigrants on each other. In one case the result turned out very serious indeed. During the quiet hours of the night one of the girls, wrapped in a white sneet, passes irom one hunk to another and aroused thn sleeping inmates by pretending to be a ghost. The shock in one instance was bo severe that the pour girl lost her reason, and she is now iu tho Gludesville Asylum. The other day a ludy residing in Sydney dropped a valuable ring, almost upou the threshold of her habitation. A boy living in the neighbourhood pieked it up, and a man paBsini; at the time, noticing the aot, claimed ownerships and compelled the lad to relinquish pOKSertsim. The ludy afterwards hearing the facia- nf. the case, and failing to trace the man, advertised a liberal reward for the recovery of the artiblu, and also communioated with the police. . The result was the man oaught at the bait, the lady recovered the ring, and also had the milr-faulion of handing over the would-be thief to the tender meroio.i of a stalwart pre server of the pence. 