THE STORY-TELLER THE HEADLESS GHOST. « Chapteb I. I do not expect any one to believe my story. I know it is wonderful, improbable, perhaps even impossible to some luinds. But every thing is strange about my history. I was at oae time, np to a certain day, poor ; so poor that a long illness, having kept me from my work in an office, made my rent and other expenses an anxiety to me. On that day I re ceived a letter announcing my having suc ceeded, in default of nearer male heirs, to the o'd family property, Penryn Castle, and about £1,060 a year. I had had no expectations, j and knew nothing of my cousins. In my case, CctlaUliJf ilic lUlcAcLlcu. U1U I am hot going to talk about childhood ; it was very unhappy, not from actual unkind- ness shown, hut from active kindness left out. Very delicate, nervous and sensitive, I was an orphan among strangers, and all is told. When I grew up I had but one acquaintance whom I considered a friend. Ge was called Bulwer, and was considered so 4 odd 9 that a marriage he had set his heart on had been broken off. We both hated noises, and lived in one set of rooms, ana though our tastes differed con siderably, we got on well together. I hated animals in those days, and I most particu larly hated a big dog Bulwer kept by him, a great tawny mastiff, who looked at me with eyes of fierce disfavour, and I never saw anti pathy to a human being so marked as it was in this dog to me. We hated each other cordially. I was fond of languages, and studied them at every spare moment. Greek I knew well, and when I had mastered the language as it is taught in English schools, I got hold of a Greek merchant, and learned the modern pro nunciation, in which (it seems quite unneces sary to state in these learned days) the chief difference lies. I had no particular reason for doing this, for in those days, as I have just said, I was too far removed from the direct branch to expect to succeed to, or feel much interest in, the family traditions, but I learned after ward to understand this and other things. A Greek of extreme beauty had married into the Penryn family not so very long ago, and we inherited our brown eyes and our good noses from her. In connection with her also was a mysterious crime, not a vulgar, dis honourable crime, but a sort of murder which reflected no discredit upon anybody, and in deed, cams to be looked upon almost as a pa tent of nobility in the Penryn family. I had been ill for a longtime, but managed to r.rppn ahmit and nav no attention to the frightful noise going on in my head, and which made every word spoken by one sound as if it was keeping time to a pulse there. There is somewhere a song, which I always thought idiotic, about the beating of one's heart being the only thing one hears. From painful experience, let me say that the fact is not at all poetical, hut extremely painful, when it occurs. There are a great many of these 'poetical' ideas which do not bear the test of trial. For instance, that celebrated and lover-like action of swirnmiug to .a beloved object sounds all right, but a dripping figure must have been a very uncomfortable lover. Bulwer was away at first ; when he re turned, my illness (which was called brain - fever) was at its worst, and be was kind in his own quiet way, and came often and often to see me. -Slow recovery, and the doctor's usual formula, ' change of air,' followed, and Bulwer was with me discussing where we should go (he promised to accompany me) when that letter arrived. I made Bulwer read it, and I remember I was too weak to feel excited when I found what it announced. This, at any rate, settled where we were to go. Though the castle was uninhabited, we might go to the nearest village, and in a few days we started. I was -not insensible to the pleasure of cash ing my first cheque, but what really enabled me to realise my good fortune was when we found ourselves in an open carriage, for the last few iniles of our way, driving swiftly through a lovely country, spring in all its beauty round us, and its breath a welcome full of sweet scents of larch and (hing«l and to feel that all we saw belonged to me. , . The castle was quite shut up, but we were surprised to find, instead of a ruin, a very substantial house, with a square tower spring ing from the ground. Except where a terrace had been made, which began near the avenue and ran along the west side of the house, the ground fell away abruptly down to the noisiest and fussiest river I ever saw, a river whose brown depths suggested trout, ani where in places it was so narrow you could almost leap across it. „ , We found the village was only a mile from flip house, and as it was too late to see an y thing more of the place, we returned, had dinner, and went early to bed. I also remem ber I slept that night as I had not slept for weeks, and as indeed I was not to sleep again for weary, weary months. Next morning, after breakfast, we went up to the place, and it was really beautiful. I never got enthusiastic about scenery, but there were great trees all about just where trees ought to be, and beautiful hills all round, and a look of cheerfulness that impressed me. ; We found the old woman who had charge of the keys standing near the front door, and it was the funniest thing to see her begin to bob as she saw us, and go on bobbing till we spoke to her. ' Mrs. Wilkins, sir : Mrs. Wilkins, gentle- ' men,9 so she introduced herself, and we soon found she was stone deaf. We went over the rooms, all a good size, modern-looking, and comfortable, with the most hideous papers I ever saw (I often won- ; der who invents the ugly papers) ; but after j going up stairs and down, we both came to the same conclusion ; the size of the house, as . she showed it to us inside, in no way corre- . sponded to its appearance outside- Bulwer j and I went on to the terrace to make quite j sure, and I then said : Now, Mrs. Wilkins, we must see the rest of the house.9 She pretended not to hear for a long time, ; but at length she burst out into a torrent im- i possible to comprehend, and, waddling down > stairs faster than her appearance gave any reason to expect, she waved iier hand toward the end of a passage opening off the hall, and, throwing her apron over her head, went down the avenue at the same pace. We stood and laughed at her sudden disap pearance, and then went along the passage she had pointed to. It contained only a cup- hoard, and many shelves full of those accu mulations no one ever understands ; brass chains evidently belonging to the old lamps now covered with verdigris, broken glass ; the most curious things were there — bits of old china, old gloves, hairless brushes, every thing quite covered with dust. But after taking courage, and moving a few tilings, we saw that behind the cupboard were folding doors, and that these were barred. On closer examination we found it quite impossible to i move the shelves without carpenters' tools, and left to go down to the village and get a carpenter. It was some time before we found 1 >1 7 11 M fivin rrn nronf one, ana tuen ne caueu < auu np to the house again. j When the rubbish and shelves were re- j moved, we found the bars nailed on in the j shape of a cross ; nailed, indeed, is not, i strictly speaking, the right term, for they | were fastened with huge bits of iron, the \ heads of which had been filed off. It took : hours to take off these bars ; but once off, the ; door flew open, and hastily paying and dis- ; missing the workmen, we went in. As I j stepped across the door a shiver ran through j me, of which I thought nothing at the j moment, and we went along a wide passage j and opened the d ors on either side. They j were empty and dismantled, and though I I hardly kdew what I expected, a sense of dis- j appointment came over me. However, we ! went upstairs, and, with much less curiosity, , we looked into corresponding rooms there, all j empty as before, till we came to a room at ; the end of a short passage, and on opening ! this we stood still in amazement. It was ; completely furnished, not as bedrooms are ; furnished in these days, but though dust j lay inches thick upon everything, we could j see that all was magnificent. A lace : counterpane, lined with gold-coloured silk, j was over the bed, which was a wide, low j coach. A large mirror was framed in silver ; quaint embroidery curtains hung near the windows, and the walls, instead of being papered or painted, were hung with gold- coloured stuff ; the windows were overgrown with ivy ; through the quivering leaves the sun, sinking to the west and now low down, 1 sent long shafts of light. Bulwer was moring j forward, when I caught sight of something, and putting my head on his arm, I exclaimed, j ' For God's sake, stand still !' He paused, surprised ! but I was intently looking at the floor. I saw distinctly in the middle of all the dust a pathway made between the fireplace and the bed, and the Qrl/Too nf if u-oi-p lirrVitW swp.nt, as though bv a trailing robe. Great heavens, Penryn 1 are you going to faint?' exclaims Bulwer; and commanding myself, I entered the rocm farther. As I did so I heard for the first time a sound I used to hear often and often. I heard a gentle, plain tive sigh close to me, and once again a long shiver ran through me. I got to the window, and Balwer, throwing it open, began to pull down the ivy inter laced across it outside, and let in more light. We then saw tifet over the chimney-piece hung two pictures. One was the picture of a woman leaning forward with the most pathetic expression possible in her soft brown eyes : she was dressed like a Greek ; her hair, in long plaits had gold coins upon it ; her hands were beautiful, and lay lightly clasped together as if she was expectant. I was so intently interested in this picture that I was quite startled by Balwer's exclaiming : ' Look ! you might have sat for that picture and looking, I saw a tall figure with a pale face and large dark eyes opposite to me, and I felt it was like me, and again I shivered. I was glad to get out of the room. A most curious and uncomfortable teeling took pos session of me, and leaving Bulwer to shut the window, I went down stairs and waited for him at the front door. He soon followed me, and was so full of the discoveries we had made that he never noticed how silent and unhinged I — We went down to the inn and found a com fortable plain dinner waiting for us, which revived my spirits, and alter dinuer we smoked and discussed what was the next to t be done. My own idea was to send women j in to clean the place, and get some furniture down from the nearest town, and two or ! three servants, and get there as soon as pos- Bnlwer agreed to this as qoifce the best plan, and we then began to talk over the rooms, and which would be the best to furnish for the present. A little to my surprise, I found | that he had set his heart upon having what j we called the Greek room, j 4 I know it ought- to be yours,9 he said, but i for the short time I can stay with you, do let ; me have it. You cannot have set your heart I upon it half so much as I have.9 I How little he knew that I had a sort of i horror of that room, while conscious of its i having a mysterious and unaccountable at- j traction for me, and that it was a relief to i feel myself not obliged to take possession of ! it just yet ! I knew that in the future some- thing lay between me and something there ; undefined, vague, but yet, to my conviction, I true. I must not enlarge on tins. I have been called mad, thought mad ; may, hut for ; the surpassing and wonderful love which has oeen given me to maxe up ior uie un«i around me, I, who write this, would have been confined probably in a lunatic asylum, driven mad by the sights and sounds around me! We are so merciless in our judgments ; we know nothing — can only conjecture what the future is ; the invisible world around us is peopled with beings ; and because some can not- and some will not see them, when they can be seen, they call their presence delusions, insanity, and other things. However, I have promised not to dwell on these things. When there is money, and when two people work together for one object, it is soon attained. In a few days — sooner than ap peared possible— we had a cook and man- i servant ; rooms in the tower were furnished, : everything was clean, and we sat down to our dinner in my own old house with a feel ing of entire satisfaction. I The first disagreeable thing that occurred i was that, when we were going to bed, Balwer's dog refused to enter his master s room ; he bolted past me, showing all his teeth, and ; went out into the night. Balwer looked an noyed, but said nothing. I saw him in his room, saw that a good fire was blazing there, : and that everything was right, and left him. Next morning as I was dressing, I saw him walking up and down the terrace I have be fore mentioned, and hurried to join him. I was shocked and astonished to see how pale he looked ; but he irritably put all my ques tions on one side and changed the subject. The whole day he was odd in his manner ; then we had a long walk, and he seemed him self again in the evening. When bed-time came he showed me that he had secured his dog, and, slipping his handkerchief through the collar, he led him off upstairs. Though I disliked the dog, and he undoubtedly disliked me, I could not help feeling sorry for him. Now he was evidently frightened out of his senses, he crouched, and held back, while shiverinfir as ii miuvu; " — 7 O though terrified, his hair all staring. Bulwer s face was white and set ; and when I asked him if I could share his room he answered angrily that he was neither a fool nor a child. It was early the next morning when I was awakened by a prolonged cry, and starting up, hurried on some clothes and went to Bulwer's room. Once there I found that the door could only open about an inch ; that some thing heavy was lying behind it. I called Bulwer, but in vain, and fear giving me ad ditional strength I succeeded in opening it sufficiently to get in. When I entered I found Bulwer's body lying on his dog, with outstretched arms, and on lifting him up I found that the dog did not move ; he was dead ! To get my servant to send for a doctor, and do all I could to re cover my unfortunate friend, were my first actions. The doctor came soon, and Bulwer revived. I could give no account of the cause of his illness. My manner was. I dare say, odd, and I had not had time to dress, and I was recalled to a sense of my neglected personal appearance when I saw how strangely he looked at me. When Bulwer came to himself, his first words were words no one but myself could interpret. Stretching out his hand in a peculiar way, he said, feebly, Find my head,' in modern Greek. Now, Bulwer did not know Greek. What did it mean ? His dog was examined by my orders, and his death was caused by nothing that anyone could discover. Had he been a man, and an inquest held upon him, the verdict would | have been, ' Died by the visitation,' etc. It was very mysterious. As soon as Bulwer was better, he annoyed me by declining to remain another night under my roof. I argued in vain. ' Yon- have had a bad dream,9 1 said, anions: other things. 4 Did a dream Mil my dog ?' he said, looking at me fixedly. So he went ; and as I felt ill and npset, I asked the doctor, who was to see him into the train, to come hack to dinner and stay a few days with me. He looked oddly at me, and agreed to this, and I felt relieved. Then I re membered that now Bulwer was gone, I must go and take possession of his room. Must ; that is what I felt. I was impelled by some power I did not understand to do what, in my seeret heart, I was afraid of doing ; and the word ' afraid 9 is not a pleasant word to own to as connected with one's self. However, the doctor talked away cheerily, and told me a good deal new to ine, among other things, that the daughter of the distant relative I had succeeded was left almost pen niless, and that she was in Borne, training for an artist. I felt so sorry for her, and was angry that no one had put it in my power to do a simple act of justice in providing for her. The doctor went to my room with me. and gave a start when he saw the picture, which hung in its old place. 4 It is curiously like 9 — he began. 4 Like whom, doctor?' 4 Like Miss Penryn,' he said, gravely, and then he bade me good night, and left me. I sat for some time, thinking over his words and making plans for the immediate assistance of my cousin, in some way she would accept — my cousin, who was so pretty and so like that picture, and then I went to bed, lulled to sleep by the pleasant crackling sound of a blazing woodfire ; and thinking, heaven knows, little of Bulwer or his dog, or the past few days. I slept, and then something roused me. What was it ? A sigh was breathed close to my ear. I was determined to listen to no fancies, and I impatiently turned round and tried to go to sleep ; but a sigh still loader and very pathetic made me sit up m bed, and as I did so the rustle of a woman's dress fell distinctly upon my ear. Stiff with horror, 1 slowly turned my head to where it was, and saw — shall I ever forget that fearful moment —the headless body of a woman, slowly gliding on between my bed and the fireplace. She was dressed in some sort of tissue, and her movements made the unmistakable frou frou noise of a rich and trailing garment. She was moving from me, but I knew she (was it not rather it ?) would turn and come toward me. I watched this figure, conscious of all the dread I saw it turn ; it came closer and closer ; then a hand touched me, and a voice said, in modern Greek, and soft and liquid tones, Find my head.9 I could bear no more, and I fell back upon my pillow unconscious. Chapteb IL « You must have a change,' said the doctor, and he rubbed bis hands. I had been moved into his room, and he had nursed me most kindly. 4 I must have a change,9 I muttered. 1 1 must find the head.9 As I spoke that sigh again fell upon my ear. I was roused by the expression of the doctor s face, and I guessed then, what I found after ward was the fact, that he was afraid my brain was touched. At that moment a great resolution came upon me, and a feeling which proved of great service to me afterward. I determined to control my feelings and to conceal them, and I began talking to the Doctor upon indifferent subjects. I knew if I told him my story he would not believe it, and I felt afraid of being deprived of liberty. I had heard stories, and I knew of people considered insane on slight grounds enough. I must be careful. It was, however, terrible to me to hear that sigh perpetually breathed into my ear, and to feel that perhaps at any moment that horrible figure would appear before me. As once she had done, so once again she might do. One day, driven to desperation, I said aloud, for getting that the doctor might hear me, ' I swear — I solemnly swear — to find your head ; only relieve me of your presence.' Luckily all my associations with this vision were in the language she or it spoke : therefore I, in speaking, unconsciously used that- language ; then, seeing the doctor look up, and feeling what an extraordinary speech it would have sounded to him had he understood it, I could not help bursting out laughing, and I laughed long and lond. The doctor's face recalled me to myself, and my position began to be a mosl peculiar one. If the question is considered carefully by anyone, it will be seen that, assume a man to be mad, his commonest actions are eccentric. If he laughs, he laughs madly : and if he tries to explain ideas that may be sound enough, it is taken for granted that, as he propounds them, they must be most insane. My private thoughts were painful enough ; I had solemnly sworn to find a head for a headless body. Why should I shrink from putting it more definitely ? I had solemnly sworn to find the head for the headless body. How was I to do it ? Looking at it from every side, my wretchedness was incon ceivable. If I spoke of it, I should be con sidered mad. I could speak of it to no one. I must bear my burden alone. I have heard that people have skeletons enough in their cupboards, and I felt that if my burden was only a skeleton, it would be more easily borne. One afternoon I went to the family burying- ground, as I often acted now without any definite purpose. It was a pretty place, with the horse-ehesnuts in great beauty, and the cheerful sound of bees humming all round. I sat upon a bank, when my eyes fell upon two Greek crosses I had never before noticed. Strange how this Greek influence seemed to be ever present with me. I rose and went to them. One had an inscription upon it. I was not surprised to find this was also in modern Greek, but the words were most sur prising : — 4 AU things will be one day known, it is said ; even the crime which has so cruelly parted us for a time. I wait for thee.9 Looking at the other, which was blank, I saw the marble slab upon the grass at its foot was loose, so loose that 1 could lift it up a little ; and doing so, and looking into it, I saw it was empty. What was the meaning of this empty tomb, and of the perpetual presence of a restless figure, and the mention of a crime ? It was an awful thought that came upon me — yes, upon me — I hod to find that head. I was packing in the room in which I had been taken ill, and, getting tired, I sat down to rest for a moment. As my eyes wandered over tbe fireplace I saw what, till then, I had never noticed — on one side it was open, th6 other was blocked np. I had learned to be wise in concealing any emotion ; and I said nothing till tbe doctor was there, and then, in a tone of indifference, I called his attention to it, and said how oddly it was bnilt. He examined it carefully, and agreed with me and I added, in a tone as carelessly as I coulir resume, 4 1 shall have it put straight.' The same workmen we had employed before were told to bring a mason ; and when they came I showed them the fireplace, and told them to pull down the projection, so as to make the fireplace even on both sides. The old man, who was a mason, looked round the room with evident curiosity, and then, seeing my eyes fixed upon him, he said: I've many a time heard of this room, bit ; it's the haunted room. My mother lived housemaid here long ago, and this part of the honse was shnt op. No one would live in it.' I showed as little interest as I could ; but the sound of a laugh I gave was accompanied by the deep sigh which I now began to expect always. The man set to work ; and the old man. who was fond of talking, said : — 4 No workman ever built this up, sir ; it's an odd job altogether.' As he spoke, a well-directed blow made a big hole ; and, breathless with excitement, I saw a chest, standing erect. Losing my self- command, I grasped the doctor's aim, and said: 'Before that chest is open, I know what lies there. There is the headless body of a woman, dressed in gold stuff.' 4 For God's sake, control yourself before these men!' said the doctor earnestly, 4 or they may think you mad I' But I looked forward ; the lid was hinged ; and when they opened it, there lay before ts tbe headless body of a woman, dressed in gold stuff. The body was embalmed and perfect ; the small hands lay clasped tightly together; on the dress was pinned a slip of discoloured paper, on which the one word 4 Vengeance was written in Greek. The strong aromatic smell, the sudden sight in the flesh of what I had seen in the spirit, quite overcame ine, and I was led from the room by the doctor. I gave orders, however, that the chest was to be laid as it was in the Greek tomb ; and I remember vividly the look on the doctor's face when I told him it was empty. And as soon as I was able, I left home to go to Italy, on my way to Greece ; but did not tell this to the doctor, whose patients were clamouring for Mm ; he only thought I was going to Italy. I did not tell him more, because, though I felt that m Greece alone I might find some clue to the ghastly thing I was bound to search for, he would have been inquisitive ; and we parted on very good terms, une wiuig juuuc ic- fused to do for me ; he would not give me the address of my cousin, if he knew it. I tried in vain ; he got quite angry at last, and I was obliged to be content. I knew why he dreaded our meeting. He considered me odd, and he was afraid of bringing us together. Yes ; had he been able to do so, the being to whom I owe all my happiness, all my peace, would have been withheld from me. I owe him nothing. Chapteb ITT. It was very wonderful to me to mix with a number of strangers— all commonplace people, and thinking of ordinary things — and to feel what an extraordinary difference lay between their pursuits and mine. What a commotion I might have made had I told my story ! But I knew better. I know many people who are quiet, sober, and matter- of -faet, and who acknowledge that it is curious how everything seems to bear upon the particular thing they are discus sing. No one can understand the wonderful sensation it was, hearing in the conversation that was going on around me in reference to Greece, and to the many crimes committed by the brigands. An old Italian was very much excited because it was reported thai Casenno, whose crimes and hardihood had been the theme of every foreign newspaper for long, had at length been captured. His crimes were nothing to his father s,' said Signor Torsino, having puffed his cigar to an end. 4 His father, he was a horror ! Did you ever hear what he did to the girl he was to have married, and who fell in love with and married an Englishman ?' Here I rose, and went as near him as I could. My heart began to beat in the most extraordinary way, and everyone else listened attentively. She was very beautiful, and the English husband adored her. He was rich, and she had a glorious time or it tor a iiiue wnue. They had been travelling, and were going home. Casenno pere managed to get hold of her. He killed her ; he cut off her head, and sent her body in a chest to her husband. The poor man went mad. 'He had the body em balmed, took it homeWT5ngland with him, and kept it in Ms room. He died a raving j lunatic, always imagining her to be talking to Mm.' 4 And the head, Signor ? What became of it ?' I asked this in a suppressed tone, trying to conceal my agitation ; but they looked curiously at me, and I felt myself changing colour. 4 Well, since monsieur wishes to know,' said the man, 4 he put it 'in a-oasket, and kept it. I saw it, for, gentlemen, I once was a prisoner of Casenno, and he told me the story ; so I know it is true. I also- know that Ms daughter, who ran away from him because she could no longer put up with all the hor rors she saw, took it to Borne with her, and that she taught painting there. If monsieur is so interested, 'he might trace her and recover it.9 And he laughed grimly. Many true words are spoken in jest. When we landed I went to this gentleman and asked to speak with him privately. He looked surprised, but we went into a quiet street together. Then I said : 4 You must not be surprised when I ask you if you know what name old Casenno's daughter took on arriving in Borne.9 4 Bianca,' he answered, without hesitation. 4 She must be dead now. But why does mon sieur ask ?9 And he fixed Ms small, brilliant eyes upon me. Impelled to speak, I said earnestly : 4 Be cause, Signor Torsino, I am the only male descendant of the person you speak of. I found that headless body, and I am now searching for the head.9 Dio !' he exclaimed, 4 1 thought he looked mad ! And I have been risking my life with a raving lunatic !' He rushed past me, and I could not help laughing as I saw his fat figure scuttling along ; but I knew the name of Bianca, and that was always a great thing. Arrived in Borne, I was much too deeply absorbed in what lay before me to be affected by the various tilings I saw ; but it was a slight comfort to me at present to think that though I had sworn to do an apparent impos sibility, I had also the hope of finding mv cousin, and helping her ; and though the dreadful weight on my mind was always there, I seemed also to dwell less on that and more on the chance of being of some use to the only person in the world connected with me, thongh so distantly. I made many inquiries about Signora Bianca. Many people anew her by name, and she was known to be dead ; bat no clue could I get to anyone who knew her person all v. One day, however, I went to a small colour shop, where I had lieen before, attracted by a clever sketch of some Greek boatmen. A - I went in, a yonng girl turned her head, and I saw before me the living linage of the picture which hung in my haunted room at he me. 4 The Signor's arrival is a iiaonv c-eni. said the man who had talked withNne before. 4 The Signora has paintings of the Signers Bianca's, and wishes to sell them.' \ To this day I cannot make out how I « managed to control my emotions. But it was no surprise to me to have a card with my cousin's name put into my hands, and to be t old to call there, the next day to see Bianca's pictures. Moments were hours ; but at last, breathless, I arrived at the top of an old nalazzo. I was shown in by a respectable looking old woman, and found my cousin at her easel, painting. She was so young, so fair, and so dignified, I did not know how to begin my story. Maria, the old woman, got out a great port- folip, .and assisted her young mistress in showing off the paintings, and as I said no thing, a quiver of disappointment made itself heard; in my cousin's voice. ' You do not admire these things,' she said at length, 'and yet they are beautiful?' ' I admire them all,' I said, hurriedly. ' I was only wondering what I ought to offer you for them.' 'For the whole of them?' she said, with evident surprise. res,- 1 answered. xney would look wen all framed alike, and hung in one room.' She looked at me for a moment, and I said, ' I will give you whatever you consider them to be worth. I saw her colour come and go, ana I guessed that, with all her pride, the money was an object to her. She trembled a little, and I saw tears rush to her eyes, and I could no longer act the part of a stranger to her. As quietly as I could I told her who I was, and asked her if she had ever heard of me. Yes, she had heard of me, and then reserve gave way. "We were both so lonely that we could not afford to be distant or unfriendly to each other. She had heard evidently I was very odd, which had conveyed no idea to her beyond my having, perhaps, wnims, and not taking the same views of life other people did. She was touched when she found that I had from the first wanted to befriend her, and her manner was kind and sympathetic. All love stories are very much alike ; and ours soon became a love story. I loved her passionately, as I love hei now — God bless her ! — and yet I was coo much of a coward to tell her my story. At first it was a struggle. I felt she ought to know ; hut by degrees everything faded from my mind. I dreamed of her ; I thought only of her; she was an ever increasing joy to me ; and when finally she agreed to become my wife, I never for a rtAAAMrt HAVrtArrtllrtWArt O f HTQ O rt 11 AfVl I'll O ocvuiiu icuicuxuciu vuau ituv/xu cbo at uvxxi u duty which I had sworn to perform. The past, the wretched past, was blotted from my mind, and I was happy ! Then we married. Ten days were granted me of the most perfect happiness! We wandered about like two children, taking the same intense delight in flowers and in music. When my wife sang, it was like a flood of melody from heaven — the liquid round notes had such a pathos in them ; and I used to think if ever I was ill or suffering, her voice alone would restore me. To a man who had never known what beauty there is in a womanly character, the touches of sympathy, the exquisite refinement and purity of her thought were a revelation. Day after day things seemed to show me what a new, fresh, and beautiful world lay around me ; and my secret was completely forgotten. One day we had been riding, in the early morning, in the Tyrol, when a packet of let ters for her arrived ; they were mostly in Italian, from friends she had made in Rome : but there was with them one English letter in a hand I recognised. At the sight of that letter all my uncomfortable feelings seemed to come back to me in an undefined way. I watched my wife reading it, and I saw her flush and grow pale, and then a cry of anguish burst from her pale lips. Waving me on, she left the room, and locked nerseir into her own. Surely, surely my punishment was too great. I lifted the letter she had thrown down, and read it. It was from the doctor who had attended me at Penryn : " Dear Miss Penryn, — At the risk of being considered impertinent and interfering, I write to give you a caution. Your cousin, Mr. Pen ryn, has started for Italy, with the avowed object Df seeking you out, having expressed very kind intentions regarding you, which, I trust, he will carry out, and that you will not refuse. Butas he is good- looking and plausible, I write to entreat you to be on your guard against him. He has madness in his veins, and will gradually become as insane as his unhappy grandfather and the cousin, whom you may have heard of, who lived with his wife's body in his room. I am sorry for this lad, who has a great deal-that is lovable in his character ; but be had a dreadful outbreak l;om ; lie nearly murdered a friend staying with him, and killed the dog, and did all sorts of eccentric things ; so, for God's sake, "be ware of him ! You will forgive an old man's advice, remembering the long friendship with your father. I assure you he has visions and delusions, and is at times dangerous. Your sincere friend, "John Horton." This was a nice letter for a young wife to receive ten days after her marriage. I lay on the sofa speechless and tearless ; the agony of mind I suffered can be imagined. Hereditary insanity stared me in the face ; the cruel de struction of all my happiness came so sud denly that I was stunned. I did not dare meet my wife's eyes ; I should only see re proach in them. What was I to do ? Full of pity for her, remorse at my having blighted her life, pity for myself also, I lay the prey to the most terrible feelings, how long I do not know ; through all my sufferings the idea of her leaving me (of course she would leave me) kepi, pressing upon me. The door opened, and she came in. I did not dare look up. I covered my face with my bauds ; I expected the worst. She had been c tying, and tears were in her voice. When she came up to me she laid her cool hands upon my burning forehead, and her face upon mine, and kissed me. ' My poor darling,' she said, ' I do not be lieve all that man says ; happiness never makes men mad, and I will make you so liappy, dear. We will both be so happy that tue enemy will be driven away.' And then tears came, and, with her arms round me I felt that I might be saved. Paler and more thoughtful than before, we pursued our journey, and all went well till we got to Cologne. I had a most fearful headache there, but I knew that my darling wished to go out and see the sights, and that without me she would not go, so I said nothing about it. Unfortunately for me, among other things we were shown the three ghastly skulls of the Kings. The sight of these brought a recol lection of my oath, and my brain seemed to go on fire. It was all t could do to conceal I my sufferings. We were going to Constance, I then to Geneva, and hence into France by | the Jura. When we got to Geneva I was so 1 ill I could no longer conceal it. We had I pleasant rooms, not very noisy, and, after I suffering intensely, I lay in the evening, feel- J ing ill and nervous, but not tortured with | pain. It was dusk, and the windows were I open : the room was full of violets, and j pretty things we had gathered in our travels, I but the sweetest and fairest object was my I wife's figure. All at once, without warning, I that terrible dread came -upon me. I knew — J I knew that that vision was coming. I sat 1 up and stared and it came, and the headless 1 woman stood behind my wife. A voice said 1 in those dreaded tones, ' Your oath — remem- I ber your oath ;' and the figure stood there — J pointing — pointing to the adored head of my I wire i i ' What is it? Oh, my husband, tell me !' I But how could I tell her, and what did the I figure mean ? Was she claiming my wife's 1 head as the fulfilment of my oath ? Not one 1 hair of her head should be injured, if I re- J mained perjured all my life. But the awful J feeling of being again subjected to this ter- I rible figure, of never being free, threw me J into a sort of nervous fever, and I was long J ill. But what it was to be nursed tenderly and I devotedly, as I was now ! I looked back on J old times, and I felt as if nothing mattered | so long as I was sure of my wife's presence ; I and yet her presence had not kept away that I frightful apparition ! When I was well again I we went on, stayed a few days at Neufchatel, I and so on through France, and found our- 1 selves in London. Here we chose furniture I and papers, and were busy in various ways. I We had been married some months now, and I my wife had been writing many directions | home ; then came the last evening of our j stay in London, and my wife rose and sat j down beside me, and I felt from a little move- j ment of her hands, which was the only sign j she ever gave of nervousness, that she was going to speak seriously to me. j Before going home,' she began, m a low voice, ' I am going to ask my husband to have confidence in me. He has a dread and o oAwnttr rtrhirtli aaoiatt Iaics vnof on/i molra 1 at OUXJLU W J Y X11VJU UL>OblVJ UAO 1V.CU auu lUOAj | him wretched at times. His wife must know 1 it." ' I dare not tell her.' 1 Is it a crime that you have committed i then?' she said, and as she spoke she looked, I earnestly and pleadingly at me. j ' How can you suggest such a horrible j thing,' I said. ' No ! a thousand times no ! 1 and yet is perjury a crime ?' j ' Perjury ! My darling,' said my wife, ' we j shall never be really happy now till we have j no seerets from each other. Do not be afraid J of telling me all. You forget that if I know J nothing I cannot help you ; why are you I afraid of telling me?' I ' I am afraid of losing you,' I muttered. j 'Do you think anything or anyone would j drive me from your side?' she exclaimed. 1 ' Trust me. Oh ! my darling, do you not know what a claim a man, so tried as you are tried, has upon one when a woman loves 1 as I love you ? Every sorrow, every atom of j trial, is only an additional reason for loving more and trying to make up for it.' J ' God bless you for those -words,' I said ; j and then I told her all, even to the horror of j seeing that figure pointing at her dear head. I My wife said little till I had done, and then, putting her arms ronnd me, she said, in a J tone ot compassion and Heartfelt sympathy, I ' My poor darling, how you have suffered ! j Thank God, you have told me, and that we | can face this together. Your wife's love | shall save you. We will lay this ghost J together.' j We were detained in London for some I time, and then went down to Wales together. I As we left the train to drive home, my wife I took my hand in hers, and said gently, I j also have a secret. You must promise not to 1 be angry.' j ' Angry with you !' ' The tower would have cost too much money to repair, and it is all pulled down.' The relief it was to know this ! ' There is another thing my darling must know,' and my wife's voice trembled a little. I ' When you told me about that dreadful j thing about the headless woman, dear — I re membered that among the things which, when poor old Signora Bianca died, she left 1 me was a casket, such as you describe. In it, with some jewels of no great value, there was a skull. It did not shock me or frighten me, dear, because in every studio it is usual to paint from one. I know your story, and it is in Wales now. I think there cannot be a doubt that, treasured iu the casket, it is the head of the poor murdered Greek lady, and we will give it and her body Christian burial IU tlAC VJIieCJ. LU14J.U. Can any person realise what it was to me to hear this ? When my first excitement was over, I could not help asking my darling why she did not believe all of my story, having proofs of part of it. ' Because,' she said, gently, ' the very fact of your dwelling upon what you may have heard in your infancy — the sight of the pic ture — Bulwer's dream — all working upon you when you were ill and nervous, probably pro duced the image you saw. At any rate, yon have promised not to think of it any more. Remember, dear, that giving way to imagina tion, believing all real, and insisting upon others believing it, is one great cause of — insanity. We found everything ready for us. Of the old tower nothing remained, and a pretty flowing garden was in progress on the spot where it had stood. Bright chintzes and loads of flowers had transformed the place, and, as my wife remarked, it was now quite big enough for our income. In the evening she showed me the casket and its contents. Had I been inclined to doubt, I could no longer have done so, for wrapped round it was a piece of gold tissue, now tarnished and faded, which was exactly like the stuff in which it was painted, and in which I saw . But I have promised no more to assert it. But are not many mysteries round us? Are net our lives mysterious ? Yet how can I contradict her who is the blessing of my life, when 1 think of what my fate might have been had she left me, instead of having the courage to remain by my side, courage which came out of her devoted love for her unhappy husband ? Dr. Horton was shy of us at first, hut we were both happy, and could afford to forgive. The only sign my wife gives that she remem bers, is when I hit upon some good plan for the benefit of others, or when I have made a better speech than usual a country meet ing; then she nods her bright face at him with a mischievous smile, and we both under stand her ; and this is her only revenge. Bulwer died not long after I was married — died insane. When I heard of his death and the manner of it, I could not but reflect that his fate might have been mine but for the sweet, brave nature which had linked itself to mine. I have written this story for my; children and others ; for my children, that they may know what I owe their mother ; and for others, because it may interest them to know how my ghost was laid. — Tinsley's Magazine . 