THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME; The Expebiences of an Edinbtjegh Detective, BY JAMBS McGOVAN. [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] Third Series.'—No. VIII. McSWEENY AND THE SPIRIf RAPPERS. I'happened to. be in Glasgow when the chief sufferer in the following case called at the.office, and. the; lady accordingly was referred to McSweeny with her account of the mysterious robbery which had brought her there. My Chum, ever eager to dis tinguish himself in my absence, obeyed the summons with the utmost alacrity, but became slightly damped in enthusiasm whenever the suspected thieves were indi cated. The ladv, whom I may name Mrs; Mcllvraaith,' |ha*d volubly and, excitedly begun to describe how she had a diamond locket' and gold necklet stolen—the whole having cost, her £20 only a few weeks before—mid then, when McSweeny enquired if she suspected any one of the theft, nearly made his hair stand on end by saying, with the utmost gravity— " I don't know any one who could have taken it. It must have been"the spirits."' "The — the — wh—at ?".. stammered McSweeny, with a look of dismay. " The spirits," calmly repeated the lady. " My husband is a spiritualist, and a medium as well, and we have been perfectly pes tered with them ever since he made the discovery that he is a medium." "Oh, lor! and wh—at's a medium?" stuttered McSweeny, with chattering teeth and pallid visage. .. "It's one who is under the immediate control of spirits." ; ; " Drunk, ye mane#" hopefully suggested the trembling McSweeny. No, no—in direct communication with the Spirits of the dead," said the lady, im patiently. . McSweeny started up as nimbly as if he had been touched with the brass handles of an electric machine. " Hush 1 missis—don't spake of them," he breathed in horrified tones. "It's ghosts ye mane. Ye should'nt have come to me wid this case. I'm not the man for ghosts;. ye should have gone to Jamie McGovan, or waited till he came back from Glasgow. It's not my line, for betwixt the both ov us I bdave in them metelf." "Dear me I" exclaimed the lady, rather staggered, "and do you think they would actually bear off and keep a gold locket set with diamonds, and the necklet attached ?" " There's no botherasion and mischief that they won't try," said McSweeny, re servedly, " but I never heard of them envy ing any wan of their jewellery." \- " My,husband tells me that they can lift a piano weighing ten hundredweight, and', carry it upstairs easier than seven men could carry it down," pursued the' lad \ , half convinced. "But did they steal the piano ?" enquir ingly continued McSweeny. "No—not that I'm aware of. You see, they've the run of all the pianos in the world, and can play them without even lifting the lid, so they have no incentive to stealing one." . c" That's me own thought exactly," said McSweeny, gathering courage. "Ghosts or spirits, or whatever ye like to call them, is generally honest. They may give ya something, if it's only a pug in the ribs in the dark, or a carry through the clouds by the hair of the head while ye're asleep, but; they don't steal. But what did your hus band think of it ?" "That is the awkward thing," said tha lady, flushing a little. "I dare not ppeakj of it to him, because I bought the neuiletf ■with money which he gave me for very different purposes—charities, missions, and so forth. That's why I hesitated so long before informing the police of the robbery/ Mrs. Anson, a gifted lady medium, wha| has been staying with us for a few months/ and who is sometimes controlled by tha spirit of an African, tells me it has been taken by him as a rebuke to me for my dis honesty" to his countrymen in buying it." "Oh", indeed?" said McSweeny, with fresh interest; "and was this lady with ya when the thing was stolen ?" " Oh, yes, she is with us still. One day last week she was suddenly controlled—* that is,"she fell into -a trance—and very . soon this tormenting negro spoire through her, and said something about jewellery, with a great deal of chuckling and laugh ing which I could not understand at .rod time,' and the same night, when I went to the drawer in wbich I had the trinket locked, it was gone." " Did anybody know it was kept there ?"■ said McSweeny, again becoming awed, " Not a living soul—not even Mrs. AnsonV She knew I had bought it, and what it cost me, but beyond that nothing. I was very careful to put it where no one could get at it. The drawer was locked, and the jewel-. case in which it lay was also locked. I found them locked, and not an article dis turbed, but the locket and chain were gone.. The marvellous thing is that my keys are never out of my possession, and the lock on that particular drawer is a Chubb, whicht I had specially fitted on for security, and' could not be picked or opened with any but its own key." " Then you don't think that some rogua of a spirit—them kind that gives usplenty, of work and fills all the gaols—hid whis pered to this Mrs. Anson to slip the- thing into her own pocket ' "Oh, ridiculous! never!" was the emphatic reply; "Mrs. Anson is a lady,1 and has more jewellery of her own, all re-'! ceived in presents, than she has any need for—she is so simple-minded and ignorant that riie hardly understands what jewellery means, and seldom puts it on." "Shewill be rich,I suppose?—have a power of money of her own ?" enquiringly pursued McSweeny. ' " Well, not a great deal. Her husband, I understand, had such a violent temper that they could not agree, and he treated her rather stingily when • they separated; but she is a dear creature, and has so many * friends that she need never want." "You said you were pestered by the spirits ?" said McSweeny at last, becoming thoroughly mystified. . " Have they played any other tricks on ye? or what did they do to pester you ?" "Always rap-rapping—mostly in the night-time, and worst in the wine-cellar. Mr. Mcllwraith only discovered that by accident when he chanced to go down to the cellar at a late hour one. night, and found a perfect hurricane of knocks going on—all over the roof, and floor, and walls. Some nights it was worse than others; and'it was only after , he learned to read the knocks that he understood what it meant. Mrs. Anson explained how a certain num ber of knocks meant a certain word, and : then the rest was easy." ."But they didn't do no mischief?" en quiringly pursued McSweeny. " Oh, yes, at times they did. Sometimes they would rap at the . windows till the glass broke: we've had about a dozen large panes to replace. I've seen one smashed right in before my eyes, as if a stone had been dashed at it, yet when I looked out not a living soul was in sight, though I could see such a distance across the garden and fields as to make it impossible for any one to escape without being detected. And what was still more strange, no stone ever • entered at the broken window. It was simply smashed in by an invisible hand without a living being in sight but myself." "Did your friend, Mrs. Anson, see the windows broke in ?" "No; her presence seemed to act as a charm for their protection. She generally came running down stairs from her own , room whenever she heard the smash occur, so there could not he the slightest sus picion of her being the mysterious breaker." McSweeny was thoroughly puzzled, and, I suspect, began to have ipingled with the feeliDg a wholesome dread that the spirits, the moment he personally appeared on the scene to investigate, would turn their bene- . volent attentions' to him. Mysterious beings who; could lift pianos like mere feather-weights, and smash windows, and spirit, away diamonds and gold ..out of double-locked recesses, and go rapping along walls, and roofs, and floors of cellars till the whole seemed ready to totter anid collapse, were not what he could call com fortable companions. He continued to . question Mirs. Mcllwraith till he was sick of the whole case,; but the, more' he; ques tioned the greater grew his. terror,!. Mrs. . Mcllwraith was not exactly' a believer in . spirits, else she would never have put aside ' the advice of Mrs. Anson and consulted ; iis; but she had suffered enough from the mysterious tricks attributed .to these . roguish beings to make her half - a convert; She -candidly confessed that she would ' ! lave''--been happier without their ' kind attentions, and that she would1 have much preferred the African to allow her to be sole judge of her own actions in buying and wearing the missing jewel; but there were the faetsj and what could be made of them ? McSweeny, it is true, made a great' show of. courage and indignation at the breaking of -the windows, and Said it was clearly an infringement of the law, and must be put a stop to at'ohCe, but in his heart I am certain he quaked as abjectly as a child cowering before its own shadow. Accord- ' ingly, he made arrangements at once to go out to the scene of the rappings—a great * semi-detached villa at the "Grange—one of those colossal inodern buildings which one would have expected to be the least-likely in the world to be troubled with perturbed spirits. If it had been an old building, a/ 4 he afterwards remarked to me, with a hor rible tradition, of a comfortable gory murder or suicide attached to it, he could have understood it all; but with a mere bjiilding got up to sell—a shoddy affair of sand and bricks, with a thin akin of showily polished stones, the experience ■ was new. A detective, however, has ho choice—he must go where glory waits him ; and McSweeny arranged to visit Mrs. Mcllwraith's villa that day. In the afternoon, accordingly, he walked out to the Grange, and easily found the great htfose, the back windows of- which at that time looked towjards Blackford Hill without intefruption of any kind, ' It was a showy place, having a coach house attached, and a big garden and green, behind, separated from that of the next house by a high paling of wood. When McSweeny arrived the master of the house was not there, but he was introduced to the'.medium, Mrs. Anson, who did not re ceive him very graciously, and held a long conversation in a remonstrative whisper with Mrs. Mcllwraith, evidently on the impropriety of calling him in. Mrs. Anson appeared to be more mistress of the house t>ntri the lady who entertained her, and was a good-looking, grandly-dressed, and. ap pafently accomplished woman as well. :' She took McSweeny in hand herself, and soon had him in a beautiful condition of terror and superstition, telling him tale after tale of the astounding feats of the spirits with herself—one of which was nothing less than thatof carrying her up through two.storeys of ceilings to a garret far above without leaving as much as a.pin hole in her wake. A friend of hers had been carried.by the spirits several miles on a wit, rainy night, from one house to another without so much as feeling a drop of rain or a pufi of wind—i^rtainly a great improvement in. quickness and comfort, to say nothing of cheapness, upon the commonplace cab or tram way car. Altogether Mrs. Anson im pressed McSweeny with the idea tnat she was'a wonderful woman, and I have no doubt would have sent hin^ away mucli more mystified than when he went put, had it not chanced that while they were con versing the master of the house arrived. The moment his step and voice were heard in the hall Mrs. Anson and the lady of the house exchanged glances of concern, but before they could arrange any explanation Mr. McIlwraith entered the room. Then the mistress of the house, smiling sweetly, advanced towards her husband, introducing McSweeny -with the wofds^— "This' is an old friend of mine—Mr, McSweeny—an enquirer anxious to inves tigate and if possible see something of the doings of the spirits in our house." McSweeny favored her with a woeful glance of reproachful astonishment, but was. compelled to.bow low and take the eagerly proffered hand of the' retired merchant. " Oh, Pin not particular though they don^t manifest none," he hastened to say. " I'd—yis—I'd rather be furder away when they begin, 'cause, ye see, they moight— just by accident, of course—hit me instead of a wall, or break one of my legs instead of a window. I'm apacable, quiet man, and would he the last to say a word agiu any spirits — especially if they wore good Campbeltown ones, at three-and-sixpence a bottle." Mr. Mcllwraith was delighted, and has tened, to say that the spirits-McS weeny had so slyiy alluded, to would be forthcoming in any.'quantity, his cellar having been lately stocked with the best that money could supply. "It was McS weeny's en quiring spirit that took the merchant by storm, and my chum soon found - that if he only affected to believe every wonder de scribed' by his host therewas nothing that Mr. Mcll wraith possessed that he might not freely have commanded. McSweeny was forced to stay and dine with them, after which, in the course of the evening, the retired merchant took him down to his cellar and showed him where the most wonderful manifestations and rappings had taken place. It was a dingy ho'le, the cellar, in the basement of the building, having a few barrels of beer and#claret and one of whisky at .one side, and a number of bottles of champagne and other wines neatly stacked at the other. " Now, then, Mr. McSweeny, I think I can suit you," said the elated host, tapping suggestively with his knuckles on one of the barrels. "Will you have a glass of spirits?" . " "Is it ghosts or whisky ye want me to drink ?" dubiously enquired, my chum. "Real Campbeltown whisky — twelve years old if it's a day. I got the .barrel in only a month or two ago." " Would a duck like.swimmin' in a pond of wather ?" said McSweeny, brightening up and smacking his lips; .and a big glass was accordingly produced and filled at the tap—rather a slow process, as the whisky appeared is flow in a very tiny dribble, in spite of repeated blowings and tappings from its owner. " Something has got into the tap, I'm afraid," said Mr. Mcllwraith in passing, as he handed the brimming glass to my chum, who drained it to the last delicious^ drop, and pronounced it, with truth, in all probability, the finest he had tasted for many a year. It is possible that he may have drunk more than one glass, but.at all events his courage began to rise, and a wholesome spirit of scepticism to take the place of his former superstitious awe; and when Mr. Mcllwraith pointed out the part of the dusty wall moat infested by the spirit rap pings, he nearly caused his entertainer to faint by coolly suggesting-that the noise might have been caused by the ".people in the next villa moving about in their cellar. " Oh, that is impossible, for the fact is the occupants of the next villa are teetotal lers, and never use their cellar," was the grave reply. "No, no; it is simply that I am a medium, and am followed everywhere, and see spirits and talk with the dead oftener than I do with the living." " I wanst had a hand in the ketching- of a medium—ebem 1 I mane I was present at a table- rapping business," observed McSweeny, alluding to an incident already recorded by.me; " but the medium there? was a regular imposter—tried to stab a particular friend of mine, after making the table tell some awful whoppers; but you haven't got to make your bread by it, and I don't understand it with you. I'm thinking imagination goes along way." " Will you believe it if you hear the manifestations yourself ?" said Mr. Mcll- | wraith, with undamped enthusiasm. "Here, you mane ?" enquired my chum, with a loving glance, I suspect, in the direction of the whisky barrel. "Yes, here—will you. stay down here till about 10 and'hear foryourself ?" McSweeny hastened tpsay that he would stay there all, night if the other would allow hi'm; and thus it was arranged. The evening passed pleasantly upstairs,,%here the most extraordinary stories of ghost seeing and second sight were poured into McSweeny by Mrs. Ansoa and the retired merchant, and then, after supper, he and his host-again descended to the cellar, in which they sat in solemn silence for nearly an hour. At eleven o'clock Mr. Mcllwraith, °to whom spirit rappings were so common an occurrence as not to excite great interest, . said he would retire, _ and, much to McSweeny's concern, he did .leave the cellar; after which the little courage possessed hy. my chum slowly and surely evaporated.' fossiblv he would have fortified himself from the barrel, but Mr. Mcllwraith had taken the key of the tap with him. About " twelve o'clock, when the old house was still as the grave, McSweeny'started: up in his chair and listened,. looking vainly and. in credulously rpnnd the cellar, with his hair almost rising on end as he did so. He heard a sound, the distinct sound of foot steps, but whether it was above him or under him he could not tell. The dnly thing he knew was that they were near so uncomfortably near that he., half expected to feel the breath of the invisible walker on his face. The feet seemed to v «lk straight across the floor, with a I,, ilow, cavernous sound, and to pause in f -, ,nt of the barrel in which McSweeny had t. -1.. <• so deep an interest. Then there was h'sound like the putting down of a big on the brick floor in front of the barrel, a-- ,Y:-ich McSweeny was now staring with distended eyes, then the distinct sound of the turning of a tap, and then the musical, guggling of whisky flowing from , the tap and falling noisily into the can. All this seemed to take place before my scared, comrade's eyes—right under his nose,. in fact—yet the sawdust on the floor was not so much as ruffled by the footsteps; the tap. seemed unturned, and no can or flowing whisky was to be seen, rub his eyes, or pinch himself, or. desperately tug at his hair, as he liked. "Good Lord above us! what does it mane ?" he thought, with a deathly sweat breaking out over his body, and making a feeble attempt fo rise on his shaking legs. " There's something in it after all. Can, it be possible that spirits are fond of spirits, and are carrying away some to have a wake somewheres—somewheres over be yant there where they live F Sure, I can't be drunk or draming—all that I tasted is out of me head hours ago. h'aix, the sooner I'm out of here £he better." Still unwilling to make an ignominious - flight, and half suspicious that the sounds came from below the floor, he got hold of a long spigot and prized up one of the bricks of the floor, with the discovery that below there was nothing but the damp earth. Then he replaced the brick and scrambled out of .the cellar as quickly as possible. He was poking about in the room above, which . happened to be the scullery, hearing the. lantern which he had brought from the cellar, when Mr, Mcllwraith appeared, and heard his story with a satisfied smile.' "My dear sir, you need not trouble to search for them—I did so too at first, hut they are not to he found," that gentleman hastened to assure him. Still loth to give in, McS weeny said— "Mebbe it might have been some onejin the green behind. By your lave I'll go out d have a look round." This was at once agreed to, Mr. Mcllwraith only, telling Mm to do so as quietly as possible, as the ladies and ser vants were all in bed. The outer door at the hack was locked and bolted from within. These fastenings . McSweeny undid, while Mr. Mcllwraith retired to his books by the parlor fire. Outside there was neither moon nor stars, and every window behind in both, villas being in darkness, McSweeny, who bad intentionally left the lantern behind, had to grope his way, after softly closing the door behind him. Scarcely had he gone thus two yards from- the house when he was struck a violent blow between the shoulders—a heavy hard blow, as from a fist of iron, and be jumped round with a loud and angry— " What the divil do you mane?—whyl —what!—there's nobody there!" He stood there groaning and squirming, trying in vain to get at the injured place with his hands, which I can testify was next day not only swollen, but nearly all the colors of ' the rainbow, and peering blankly at the closed doer outside of which he had fully expected to see his'assailant. McSweeny.'s feelings at the moment cau not be described by .me, as this part of his narrative was incoherent and vague. IJ suspect, however, that he dropped—that his trembling legs gave way, aDd that for some moments he was cowering in abject terror on the damp ground, uttering in all probability the most piteous entreaties for . mercy and promises of less scepticism in future. At length, however, seeing that the attack was not repeated, he again turned to explore the green and garden, snd had satisfied himself beyond doubt that no hidden assailant lurked within its walls, when, as suddenly as he had before been nearly knocked over with, the invisible iron fist, a hand seemed to descend from above with a sharp thud on. his hat, to grasp it in its invisible claws, and lift it bodily from his perspiring scalp. With a shout of terror McSweeny glanced up and saw his hat sailing steadily and majestically up into the darkness, with neither wind nor hand touching it, and then, with a shriek that no ghost could; have excelled, he turned from the haunted house, dashed at the six-foot fence of the garden, scaled it like a monkey, and in a moment was . flying as fast , as legs could carry him through the Grange in the direc tion of his own home. How he got home and' spent the night does not appear, but he bad both a lengthened face .and a wonderful story to lay before me next morning. "The house is haunted or bewitched," was his serious remark in concluding. "Begorra, I wouldn't be surprised if it was carried off in blue fire some night, for , them epiftts qj ghost? is moighty strong, as youil admit 9 you unbutton me shirt and look at my shoulder. There's no human h&ud; could lave a mark like that." I looked at the bruise and grinned cal lously, but I was really more puzzled than I cared ta show. That there was some clever jugglery in the whole case I had not the slightest doubt, but that I would be able to lay bare the tricks was not so certain. I went out to the Grange at once, and was introduced to Mrs. Mcllwraith and hex dear companion, Mrs. Anson. What Mrs. Mcllwraith told me did not tend to enlighten me much; but, astonishing to re late, while I was busy conversing with her clone to the window of the room into which I had been shown, the thick plate glass forming the lower half of the window sud denly crashed inwards in a hundred frag ments without any appearance of a missile having caused the smash. I rushed to the window. There was no one in the green or garden below. I ran down and through the scullery, only to find the' door 1 fast lceked and barred, as it had been, I was told, from the moment that McSweeny's . flight had been discovered;. I'ran up a&ain; and was met by the servant, who-had been working in some of the upper rooms, and Mrs. Anson, who, with uplifted haoas, ex claimed— ■" I heard1 a crash; it is surely not another of the windpws broken ?" Now, if there is anything more dangerous {ban another it is- ovsp-actinga part. 'Mrs. Anson, it seemed to me,, was, over-doing her ignorance. Any one with ears in his- nead could have said a hundred yards off that a window had been smashed, and yet here was she affecting wonder apd artless en quiry. I bated the woman, and distrusted ler from that moment. . But how had the window .been broken ? That was what concerned and puzzled me .most. No missile had.been. projected into -the room, or found in the green below; the glass certainly had not been broken from within, for it had been done in my presence, and yet it was broken. My only, solution ■to the difficulty was a. suspicion that it might have been broken from above. But flow P That was more than I could decide at the moment. Disguising my suspicions, I Managed to get Mrs.. Anson to descend to the garden and green to make;, a narrow search for any hidden assqjlant .or missile, and the moment she was outside I coolly locked the back door and ran upstairs past*[ the dining-room, up fo the room occu pied by "Mrs. Anson, which I hajd ascertained was directly above the,room in which ' the. window had" teen broken. "The door was locked! .Without a moment's hesitation I- threw, . my whole. I weight against . the ' door and burst it in wards. My first discovery was a nail in the centre of-the wooden, windowaill, for.: I which there'was apparently. no use; then I turned, out .everything that was. loose,' knowing I .had but-a. rqinute or two to work' in, and at'length came upon a heap, of strong whipcord in a tin hatbox, into. which it had evidently. been bundled in rough haste; near obo end of the cord was. a running loop, and at the other was a stone weighing five pounds, firmly secured. When the loop was fastened to the nail head in the window, and the atone projected violently outwards, I found that the cord was exactly of a length to bring,back the atone with a tremendous thud on the shat tered window. Nor was that all, for in turning out a drawer I came upon another long cord, to which was attached a heavy handltd carving fork. What , this was designed for I could not at first divine, till a subsequent search in a locked drawer revealed McSweeny's spirited away hat, ; having two holes in its crown, which exactly matched the two prongs of the heavy fork, which had simply been dropped down on it with unerring force, stuck into it, and borne it off into the darkness, to the horror of the wearer. Other contrivances I discovered, the use of which I could not conjecture, but these chiefly interested me, and when I showed them to Mrs. Mcllwraith, she had no hesita tion in allowing me to. take the cunning dissembler with me. Mrs. Anson, now hammering loudly at the back door, was admitted by me, and nearly tore my eyes out in return fop my activity. I got her to the office in a cab. where she was at once locked up; and ' b^r> I had the most diffi cult part of un ni.-ii to begin—namely, the tracing of <he miosing jewel. I fully ex pected to have found the trinket among Mrs. "Anson's cunning, magpie-like stores, but I did not. It was only when I found that she bad been in the habit of visiting some poor friend in the Crosscausey that I came on the real clue. The friend there I soon ascertained "was a drunken husband, a blincLman, who nevertheless had been able to find his way to a pawnbroker's with the stolen jewel. So I took him too, and plainly informed him an the way to the office that t]ie jewel had not been a present to his wife, as he insisted, but was stolen, and that he would probably be saved the trouble of journeying to the public-house for many a month to came. Only one mystery remained "unsolved— namely, the spirit-rappers in the cellar. I went out to loek after them, and after some investigation chanced to hammer the whisky barrel with my fist, when' it gave out such a hollow sound that I insisted to its owner that it could not be full of good spirits, as he alleged, but- must be nearly empty. To prove it I moved the barrel single-handed, but it did not come away from the wall without an ominous cracking; •; ' and when we looked behind we found some of the bricks dislodged, and running through them a tin pipe, which had broken off in moving the barrel. To move round to the next villa did not take many minutes, more especially when Mr. Mcllwraithhad proved that his barrel of whisky was nearly fempty. The coachman in the next villa in sisted that the cellar had not been entered since he came to the house, and that the key was lost; but wa broke in the door, and found ample evidence that it had been entered but lately in a keg or two of Mr. Mcll wraith's whisky, and the tap by which it had been run off still protruding from the disjointed bricks. ' I took the coachman with me, and found the key of the cellar in his pocket when I got to the office. It appeared that he had not only been liberal in giving bottles of whisky to his friends, but had actually arranged to sella quantity to a dealer at a cheaper rate, saying very truly that it was "illicit." Mr. Mcllwraith looked exceedingly sheepish at the trial, and appeared to enjoy | the incessant laughter .least of any. one present. Mrs. Anson, the cunning adven turess, and her blind husband, got each nine month's imprisonment, while the coachman —the real spirit-rapper—got off with six. McSweeny got back his hat, and used to be sympathetically asked if the rain didn't get In at the two holes left by the claws of the demon spiritthatboreitaway. Of course, the violent blow on the back from the in visible iron fist was nothing but a thfed from the five-pound stone let dov?n on him by the ingenious medium, Mrs.. Anson, from above. 