SATISFACTION. BY JANET CABBOLL. And I will place within tliorn, OH a guide. My umpire conscience. MILTON'S " FAUAMBE LOST." The little cofctape, called, by courtesy, M The Parsonage," in Bolunda, ie wrapped in utter darkness, save a bright gleam of Lamp light that illumined the tiny, ourtained window of the minister's room. The little township is at rest, all the day't* noise and broil are past, and every tired head is on its pillow. Even the noisy jingling hotels are oloeed-no light anywhere but this glaring square, which, by its brightness, makes the dark night darker. Humphrey Gray, the minister, sits though it ia past midnight-at his writing desk, his bead supported on his hands, an open diary before him. As he reads and turns the leaves slowly, the gravity of his always grave faoe becomes more settled, more sombre. By-and-bye Humphrey Gray lifts a lined, drawn faoe, wearily oloses the book, and in a few minutes Bolunda is all dark. So Sassed the young minister's last night in iolunda. To-morrow he leaves for a distant congregation, and the brawny, toil-hardened miners, as they passed the Parsonage in the early morning on their way to work, wished him God-speed in their hearts. He was part and paroel of* the place, they said; Bolunda wouldn't btA*olunda without him. They didn't care for *j>reaohin' chaps, as a rule, but Mr. Gray was different. So thoy tramped along, indignantly anathematising the powers that controlled and which had ordered Mr. Gray's removal. He bad been with them seven years; he had seen Bolunda grow from its fnfanoy of tent and shanty to its present imposing maturity of oottage and hotel, and every rough-boarded faoe in the plaoe was familar to him. He was loved by the poor for his real and kindness. Over the mining portion of his congregation his influence was very great, and, though ho did not effect sudden and magic conversions, a few well-timed words from win had often reformed the most invotcralo drunkard. The rich Bought his socicty anxiously, for there was a strango mixturo of pride and humility in his character) his manner and bearing wcro those of a perfect gentleman, and in a demo* I cratic community like that of Bolunda good' I brooding is quickly seen aud justly appro ciatcd. Mr. Grov was accompanied on his journey by Fred UaLliaway, a youug overseer who wished to look up Iho interior grazing grounds for intending purchase. When tboy reached the Lop of tho hill which overlooked the little mining township, Humphrey Gray turned his j horse's houd uml stood some moments thoughtfully surveying it. Whilo thus taking liis silent farewell, u soft regretful look stole over liis stroug, proud face, and into his blue, .torn eyes. The noil doy's summer sun poured ita wordless rays on our travellers, who, weaviod and uncertain of their route, ride hero aud there in soarch of the lost track. "We'll never get out of this donso bush to'dav, unless, as I think, wc aro in tho vicinity of Brayburn home elation. If so, wo're all right, and, as tho nags are done up, what do you say to a rest at Milnian'a ? Robert Milman is no ond of a nice fellow; he'll bo glad to see us. I wouldn't liko to pass Brayburn, fio say the word .Mr. Gray, and I'll find tho track from the top of this big bare hill hore to tho right; I know it well, wo camped at the foot of it on tho other side last shooting season Mr. Gray acquiesced in his quiet way, and Milman's station was readied in the dusky evening. Young llnthaway was welcomed iti tho homo circle at Brayburn warmly and kindly. The reception of his friend was not less kind, but thoy treated him with more deference. After Mrs. Milman-who was on invalid -had retired, a tall, palo^irl came into the room. Mr. Milman introduced her as " My daughter Ruth." Miss Milman, as Mr. Gray callod her, (Frod familiarly called her Ruth), was a Bwcet-faccd girl with pale, well cut features, and thoughtful grey eyes; though lior manners were quiet ana unassortiro she seemed tho directory of tho establishment. Mr. Milman continually appenlcd to her on Eoitite ia his conversation connected with the OUBOS, tho gardons, the horses, or ovon tho latest European telegrams. Ruth corrected and dccided everything ; yet, withal, was so unpretending, so feminino, that Humphrey Gray, by admiration of her, was moved out of his selfish moodiness and sorrow. Ho talked to this quiet, grey-eyed, littlo Ruth as lie bod never talked to any woman in his life, and ho retired to rest happier for it. He did not know he wafe happier ; but be was so, for ho did not tako out the great black diary and poro over it, or sit and stare bofore him for hours as had been his wont in tho little Bolunda Parsonage, and weary nights long ago in tho imarsely-furnished ^student chamber of bis Edinburgh lodgings before ; ordination ; but be looked out of the window up to tho starlit sky, and said softly to him self : 441 will lighten my burden by some day sharing irjy secret with saintly-eyed littlo Ruth, if I dare." Ho leaned out over tho window-sill, the stars twinkled over his head, and tho night owls moaned surlily among the distant trees as ho murmured in rapt, reverent tones: " Deliver me from blood, Oh God !" Fred found manv ozcuses for protracting their stay, and as Mr. Gray was not due at tlie scone of his new labours for many days, bo was glad to partako of Mr. Milman's genial hospitality, and enjoy quiet little chatB at interval* with Eulli. She told bun Willi her serious suiile tlial elio could not entertain him, elic liod too many employments. She tauglit the two sturdy lads, Hugh and Harry, who wore now having holidays in honour of the visitors, Thoy had never ksown any othor teacher, and Mr. Mdrnan made it a proud boast that Hugh, who was only thir teen years old, would be fit to tako his plnce among tho senior buys next year at school. On the third evening from tho dato of their visit, Fred Hathaway and his host being absent, Mr. Gray, who stayed in to write ho said, sat looking over a photograph album at tho table, opposite Mrs. Hitman's invalid chair, while Ruth sewed busily -at a far away window. Suddonly the minister's face grew eel, and a hunted look crept into his bluo eyes. " Mrs. Milman, who is that please f " That f Oh mv poor boy." " Mamma,1" said Buth, in a low, warning voice, as sho laid down licr work and camo towards them. Mrs. Milman's lips twitchod painfully, licr hands clasped and unclasped the arm of her chair for a few moments, then she laid back her head and closed her eyes. "She has fainted," Ruth said, hurriedly, in a relieved tone. "Pleasego away, Mr. Mil man, and when she recovers she will have forgotten the cause of her swoon. You must not mind," she continued, reassuringly. " Don't look so troubled about it. Mamma is very delicate, you know." Pointing to the bright, boyish face iu tho album, sho said: "ll is my brother, my only brother, Archie, and he is dead, You know, Mr. Gray, I am Ruth Lcsly. Many beside yourself make tho euuio mistake about my name. I will tell you about poor Archie's death after mamma has retired this evening. It is our one sorrow, Mr. Gray." Humphrey Gray reeled from the room like a drunken man. Strong agony gleamed in hiB bluo eyes and lined his white forehead. All the horrid past came surging up again. It had always shadowed and lucnuciugly fol lowed him. Now it was tugging ul his heavt strings, crushing and overwhelming him with its frightful horror. Ho walked unsteadily down to tile crcek»siile and leaned against a great troe. Ruth hud eat in its cool shade only yesterday watching tho boys row their tiny craft on tho water. Ho had seen her from the house, and he could not help thinking of it now-how pale and slight she looked in her cool white dress, and how carefully her serious grey eves fol . lowod the movements of the little lacfs. He wanted to think of her as yesterday-gentle, sweet Buth Milman, tho brothers' guide and directress, the mother's stay and comfort, old Robert Milman's treasured daughter, and Ilia : own littlo love. Not as to*dny-not But h 1 I Losly with stern, sorrowful face, tending ' that heari*brokon mother with tho terrible talo of a brother's murder hovering on her Jipa, liutli Lcaly with a great impassable gulf of blood between them. The sun went down al length, but tho Inst hour of his shining brought furrows to Lho poor pule faco so prematurely aged, and streaks to the wavy masses already grey. The prostration of spirit and mental "ignifh had been sore, tho struggle had boon hard, buthii great strength saved him. " I shall leave Brayburn to-rao*row, and Buth will know," he said. "Gota headache! Well, it's been a roaster to-day, I know. Pity you didn't oome oat j we had line sport. Kuth wishes to know if You'll come down, or take a cup of tea op here. She's as pale as a ghost herself-Mrs. Milman had an attack of lu»r illness this otter* noon-poor little girl! I say, Mr. Gray, I don't mind telling you this," and Fred put the candle down and stood beside his friend, bis bright young face full of cagcrnee* and earnestness :-u I've aeked Milman for Rutli to-duy. I've loved her ever siuco I first e*w her three years ago, and I'm trying hard to get rich for her, but ltns awfully slow work. Ruth doesn't know, and I don't want her to know yet. Sho likes me I'm sure, and I'm satisfied with that now. MilmanVa brick; he listened to me right through, then he said his little girl's happiness was all he wanted, and that when Buth would say Yes to rnc, ho would be ready to do his part. Now you sco why I came here when wc lost the track." As he finished he laughod awkwardly, he was eo surprised at his friend's Bilenco surprised and angry. " You'll have the tea I suppose, if you're so bad as' that." Humphrey Gray, haggard and weak, rose up and stood before him, and laid his hands on tho broad shoulders of the young man. " Fred Hathaway, you are good and honest, and you say you love her; but do you love her? Can you make her ead young life happy? Can you giro her such love as she requires? You know what she is? Now, answer me. Are you worthy of her ?" "Really, Mr. Gray, you frighten a fellow. Don't put things so seriously, and look so tragical. I do love Buth Lcsly with all my heart, and I will try to bo worthy of her if she will have me." " Yes, my boy, try hard to be worthy of her." "Dear old fellow,you look so ill; your eyes uro dull, and your face awfully pale. In for a fever I would say if I were a doctor. What will you take ?" " Nothing. I will come down by-and-byo, after Mrs. Milman has retired. My appear ance might frighten her, you know. I'll come down for a cup of tea when you're at billiards, and all is quiet." " All right." A couplo of hours dragged away tboir weary length, thon Humphrey Gray, with strong resolution on lite facc^ walked down to tho lighted drawing-room with tho black bound diary in his band. Ho had hoped to find Bu&b; there, but abe was »ofc, sad b* walked up and down the room, waiting for her, with short, docisivo stops, the rigidity of bis mouth never relaxing from its expression of fixed determination of purpose, A girl brought in a tray with bis tea and an apology from Mies Ruth, ller inarama wished her to stay with her this evening, and she hoped Mr. Gray a headache was bettor. Ho drank off a cup of tea, and, hastily de taching a leaf from his pocket- book, pencilled 2 -" DcarMids Lcaly,-I leave Brayburn early in the morning. Why, you will know when you will have read whut I leave in your bauds-the records of my early life. Search them keenly but kindly, ami when you come to (hat entry do not rcproach me. It was unpremeditated in thought und action | it hae hauutcd uud embittered every hour of existence since. Do not you too rise up in judguicutnguiuet inc. Out of your charity and great gentleness of bear) , think kindly of we, little Ruth, nnd my bunion will not be so heavy.-HUM I'HUEV GiiaV." Mr. Gray gave note and diary to thohousc maid, uud charged her to tell Miss Lcaly that he requested her to delay tho reading of them till the morrow. The girl departed, and he found his way to the billiura'room, where tho balls clickcd merrily, and Mr. Milmau and Fred, in their shirt sleeves, ware cxcitcdly chalking aud scoring. " Going in the morning. My dear sir, I won't hear of it. If vou re ill this is just tho place for you. Ruth a a capital nurse." "Mr. Gray," put in Frod, ns ho saw no sign of relenting on his friend's pale face, " wait till Thursday. Bo. I can't go till Thursday, and I don't like the idea of you doing that cightymilc journey alone in your present form?' Hut Mr. Gray, having courteously thanked bis host and commissioned adieus to the ladies, shook Fred kindly by the band) and wont out to the stables, ordered his horse for his early ride, ascended the stairs to bis room, and loeked the door. 411 am a daughter of Eve, but I can loavc it till the aflernoon," Ruth said to liorsolf with her sweet grave smile. And in tho afternoon when mamma was comfortably asleep, and all was quiet in the upper regions of the house, she carried the book aud littlo twisted note to her own pretty room, and kneeling beside tho window all' abla£o with sunlight, she deftly arranged tho curtains as u screen, and with a happy expectant look in her eyes, und the smile deepening tho curves of her lips, she opened and road. Ruth road the pencilled line* again and again, and 00ft compassionate tears stood in qsr cflrw u ilu tanflt the thiokly-bottud black ,n ^cr bands, her alonder fingers on its cflip as though reluctant to ojkjh it, 8b* lingcrod thinkingly some moments over the fastening, tlion with a suddon flush crimson* ing her neck and face, she re*oponod the and kissed the signature. She turned the leaves slowly, and read many pages with the same hippy smile play ing round her mouth, but toon her eyes be* oame riveted on one page. She read it over many times, while growing horror distended her eyes and whitened her toe. It was a jtttjpe bearing date more than fifteen years "11th. Camo to Iiondon fenlay. Ifjet two old chums, Tom Tilloteon and Frank Onaydon. i Tom's going to liave some fun with, ft youngi fellow whom I saw at the Cflub this morning. | a soft-looking fellow named ^rohie Jtody-j Tom will put Frank and me up to theiar*1 to-night he says. I am sorry I must take the boat for Calais to-morrow. They want me to stay, too. ; "12th. Am glad I caught tho boat. I' Vouldn't liko Otter to havo seen me last night. Poor old Otter! He's so straight*; laced. It's too bod though, that, after all his lessons and kindness, I couldn't be a one day out of his sight. " The besetting sin of the a££u drunken*' noss. My boy, set your face against it," he used to say. I oouldn't help myself with, those fellows last night, but f am aooy <0f the part I took against young Tudj T«* sorry I jibed him bo about his thati was Tom's lark. X hope ha waa'tmaS about the oolt. j 4113th. Archie Myisdmi. Tkmomtytk* colt. StwinPori*. . ' I " This tothetrfagBamTw>Hd«4^liU«riw>j ing. My Qod I How tm X rft haw write it r I am AroMa Iiasly's murderer as surely as if X had plunged & knife in Ms heart, and my goal is marked with the red brand of Cain. " It was at the olnb, I could see that he was intoxicated, and grew fieroely indignant at Tom's sneering remarks, and when I challenged him about his riding (of which he had boen boasting, poor boy!), he swore to me that he would on the morrow ride an unbroken oolt, one that had never been saddled. He seemed awfully in earnest too. " Why did I touch the cursed drink P But for it I could never have entered into such an unmanly jest, and I would not havethatpoor: boy's death laid at my door. I hare not moved out all day; but I will not fly from justice if I am sought. Sometimes 1 think I ought to go back and seek out a magistrate t then again, I am not tho only one involved. If I only were guilty 1 would at once give myself up. " An eye for an eve, a tooth for a tooth i ay, and a life for a life. I have thought and thought, still I cannot reaolvo. " 14th. * Come unto me all ye that labour, and are heavily laden, and I will give you rest.' ? These words camo to me last night, and I knelt down and prayed. Now, I am ready to go back to England." Tlioy found her in the evening kneeling by the window in her room, a large blaokbooa clasped close in her arms to her breast, pray* ing; They called to her, but she did not answer them. She heard her mother's voioe in (he next room, then the veins In her throat swelled and throbbed, and great tears flWwd her eyes, but she forced them book, and went out among them. fVed looked anxious about her and communicated his fears that Ruth was not strong or else was overworked to Mr. Milman who said she most ride and walk out more, indeed she must accompany tf*>lwn on the morrow. The morning proved hot and sultry so fiuth easily excused herself and promised to ride as far as the Big Hill in the afternoon to meet them on their return home. Poor white-faoed Ruth rode out in the warm afternoon, away through the bush, not knowing, not oaring, where she went. She held the rein loosely before her and gave Robin his head. Away to the right stretohed a dense belt of scrub, in front the Big stood out blue in the haze of distanoe while all around grew green shrubs and slender saplings. Mile after mile Robin i picked his way over fallen logs and loose | timber, sometimes stopping to munoh a! mouthful of grass in the eoanty shade of the1 sparely, foliaged saplings. I She was glad to oe alone. Every faculty I was numbed with the intense strain she had J put upon herself now she tried to think' about it. A false step of Robin oaused her to jerk and almost lose her seat; brought her baok to her surroundings, and, looking about anxiously for the rendezvous, its was startled to find that, no matter in what direction she looked, no hill of any kind was to be seen. She knew she must be far from home, for she oould see groups of stray cattle in the distanoe who bellowed angrily at the sight of her. Seeing a great plain ahead she rode toward it. " I will stand in the centre of it," she said,11 then I shall be more easily seen when they come to look for me." She felt no fear. Her spirit was sore, and her heart and conscience were waging fierce war. The struggle was with her, as it had been with him, but she was only a girl, and she loved. What though she had ; heard her mother curse the unknown slayer 1 of her darling-wild and wayward, there* i fore loved the more-and had In her riMMUh j heart hated the destroyer of their home, and i of her mother's health. Through him Archie had been out off in his youth, and in hit tin; vet she loved him. Sho said all this to herself standing in the oentro of the dreary flat far away from her home. She did not think of her position, she thought only of this unnatural and ill-fated love of hers, and soalding tears dropped on Robin's mane. It was almost sundown when she heard a shrill oooee, and Fred oame galloping1 toward her. 41 However, did you lose yourself Uke this, Ruth? What! Crying I Oh, don't cry, Ruth, or I'll-You're safe now, dear, you know." They turned in tho direction Fred had come. " I suppose when you didn't seo us at the Hill you rodo on." " Did you not go to the Hill then ?" " No." M You'll be sorry Ruth, about Mr. Gray. Poor old fellow 1" "What about him," she said, a little un* stcudily. "They've got him at Yannip, dreadfully hurt. Thrown by that beast of liis, I know it was dangerous by its eye-what 1" " Ruth I Ruth I" She did not faint, though her face grew white, and her eyes closed for a few moments. "When, Fred? Tell me about it please," she said, in a low roicc. "Poor little girl! sho's so kind*hearted, and feels everything so much," said Fred to himself, as he rodo closo beside her, and laid his hand on hers on the rein. "Wo mot Anson, tho Yaunip boundaryrider, and ho told us that ho had found lrim yesterday evening near liis boundary line, lying on the ground, his loft arm broken, and a nasty cut on liis lioad. Ho was quito unconscious, and is so still. They've got him at Anion's place, his wife is doing her best for himj but ns there is no doctor there yet, I'm afraid there's uol much chance for him." "Have they sent for a dootor ?" " Oh, yes. If they had not I would have gono Your step-father wanted to see him, and, as we oouldn't both go, I oame baok. I'll go down to-morrow. Fortunate I did come baok, eh, Ruth f" She answered him not a word, but tightened her rein and whipped Robin into a swift gallop. Fred oould soaroely keep paoe with her. When they oame within sight of Brayburzuwhere, though It was only dusk, the lights wore twinkling in the windows, Ruth drew up. "Fred, is it Anson's-that plaoo just below the creek-bends Y*1 She had boen crying Fred oould see, and her voico was full of tears. " Yes, that's it, Ruth. Why?" i " Because I'm going there now* Yott ?rati net some. Please atay with it would be kindst, and, Fred, tell her 4 toaaithetunied-downleaf In a book i will flttSw my room, looked in fbe table draw*. Fred-" Bhe wa» cninc violently dow, " and tell my mother if I do not see h*c again, that I cannot help myself, I can't lab wring him." " Oh, Bath I Oh, Heavens I Do TOO lore Humphrey Gray f And I lore yon.*' "lien if yon do, yon can undarttand. Hake it easy for her, Fred, she will hare lost us both, Arohie and me, lor I will be a* lost to her, as though I were dead, I know." . "Oh, Bath I" was all he could gay, as aha . rode away swiftly out of sight in the dusk. When she reaohed the boundary-rider's kouse, she asked to see her step-father at qpoe. Mr. Milm«n oame from the fliok ~M», thooked at hearing Ruth was there. " Papa, you have not so muoh to forgive, Arohb was not your son. Listen, I love Jfnrnpfay Gray, and though he never spoke awp&o; iove to mo, 1 know he loves me a littie. Oh, papa, he has suffered so muoh «)»d m> loo*, let me lighten his sufferings ttlittla. If as anst die, let me be near him?' 'Befors ha mold reply she had passed him, .nd «nt*»d tbe bedroom. A lamp baited oothe table lowing Hun^uwjBaUiiHlte faoe oa the pHloir, with a fin " wnmd hfa bitf, Mi when it i_" - _ *?£ as M»l *w*ai vtriu a^t him know how to do it lb*. Smm did aat atik to Mr Ot look at her, she saw wdrttMjrUtefeoe^-TChiteevento the lips -and We Imelt down and looked into the half-open blue eyes, and spoke his name. Hoars and hours she knelt there, all her young life ebbing frum her, as she listened to his moans of mortal anguish, and, at intervals, his incoherent wanderings. They were of school sometimes. Sometimes of that awful timo-that day in London and its terrible consequences. "I will give the service of my lifo to the church and mv fellow-creatures, Otter. I will give my life for the life I have taken i but will my sacrifice be accepted P" He repeated this so many times, ana his voice was so pitiful inita intense anguish that they who stood around -strong men though they were-wept. Buth did not weep. She listened to every word with pulsoless anxiety, for she knew that soon she would nevor hear his voioe again. Sometimes ho spoke of her. Now she knew how much be loved her, and with all the desolation of her life round about and before her, her eyes brightened with pleasure as she heard. Then, again, it was of the time when he lay maimed and bruised in the bush after his fall. tame death. It it meat and jatt. God exacts the rigid satisfaction-death for death." for a few moments before he died, con sciousness oame back to him. He recognised Buth and looked at her with a look of such Siteful, tender love from those blue eyes, rk with the shadow of pain, and dim with the nearness of death, that in all her after life she thanked God for it-for that one look. 