Our Adelaide Letter. tFromoTrro-mi CinTogprtfidentrrj - ThuMcl.iyy October 13. "THE STICKING-TO GASES. Very naturally all the ialk in town is - about sticking-up. The weather, interesting as it is at this season of .the"year, has not the ghost of a chance as a topic of conversation when compared with the Jill-important subject of the Botanic Park highway robbery. If a man has not bad the felicity of being himself stnek up, he is pretty sure to know somebody else who has experienced that sensation, and of course knows all about just the proper thing to do on such interesting occasions. In fact, the first question of the day is, "Anything fresh about the sticking up ?" Rumors have been current tending to throw doubt upon the statement of Hoile, whose case was mentioned in last week's letter, but even in the face of the somewhat unlikely account that has been given of the event, it is unfair to bring such serious charges against the young man as have found ready believers amongst those ever willing to think evil of their fellows. The police have arrested three men, who have been loafing about the park Tor some time, and they have been convicted as rogues and vagabonds. Gne of the three named Davis had in his possession about £25 in notes, and as he answered the description of a man who was " wanted" on a charge of highway-rob- bery, which was reported to the police about a fortnight ago, he was brought before -the court as being the person who §tuck up one F. Sellick and robbed him of "£35. The evidence was hardly sufficient to prove the case, but the suspicion was strong enough to warrant a remand. The three men were aftewards taken before Hoile, who recognised Davis as the man who shot him. THE NEWSPAPER TAX. The Assembly has decided to take no notice of the protests of various country districts against the imposition of a halfpenny tax on newspapers. The main argument advanced by the supporters of the tax was that newspapers are merchandise, so far as the proprietors are concerned, and their carriage should be paid for, but those who argue thus, conveniently forget that newspapers are not to be classed in the same category as tea and sugar, which are merchandise and nothing else, whereas the papers, or most of them, are educational mediums. But if it were not .so, everybody knows that it is the buyer and. not the seller who pays the charges of (freight, carriage, &c.;, and there is no reason to suppose that newspaper proprietors will depart from the usual custom of trade. The'tax must, therefore, inevitably fall upon those who are compelled to use the postal service in the transmission of their papers. If it could be shown that the tenderers- for mail contracts would offer to perform the work of carry- 1 ing letter mails only at a considerably lower 'figure than they now carry mixed mails, there might be some show of reason in imposing the tax, but it is palpable that ia very few instances would our coaeliing firms be able to carry letter mails and paSr. sengers with a decreased plant. ; The Bill has yet to pass the Upper House, and the members of that chamb&r; have an opportunity of. showing-that at any rate for once they will represent the will of the people by voting against the tax. . . FATAL ACCIDENT ON£THE LAKE. The first case of. accidental -drowning in the Torrens Lake. occurred on Sunday, October 1 16. A lad pame^ Levestone hired a cauoe. aad wbile turniug fonnd to look towards the bank the-boaf ^capsized, and the lad being- unable tp . syrim .Quickly sank. There was no boat >st4iuii-'to.«s8lst in his rescue, but. two or tlirfee-' young men who saw the accident plunge^ into the water, but on accoant of the muddy condition of the river their efforts were unsuccessful. Within less than 15 minutes after the accident the body was recovered by means of drags, and doctors were quickly on the spot, but their endeavors- to ^restore. animation were unavailing. There jliave already been several accidents on the ! Lake, but fortunately with less serious Results, although in one instance a few weeks ago, through a collision with one of the' steamers, a young man narrowly escaped. drowning, having gone so far as to become unconscious. Such accidents are bound to occur, and indeed their rarity is a matter'^of surprise, seeing that the Lake is sometimes so. crowded with boats of all sorts and size^, manned in many ' instances by persons who know very little iudeed about the management of the craft, and what is still worse are unable to swim, and so lessen the danger which may result from unskilful handling-of either their own or other peoples' boat. The moral of course is that those who go boating should learn the easUjr accomplished ^nd pleasurable art of swimuiing. ' ]•'' COMPANY MOJIGERING. When a man devotgs a considerable amount of time and money to the proving of the value of a mining, property it is only reasonable that when offering such a property to a company, he should claim recompense in the shape of cash or paid-up shares, but in the case of a tramway company, the promoter of which has nothing to give the shareholders beyond the' suggestion that a speculation of the kind is likely to be profitable, the reservation of a portion of the stock is quite a novel idea. Such an idea has, however, occurred to the enterprising secretary of the piojected Adelaide and Ovingham Tramway Company, the prospectus of which stated that 5,030 paid-up shares were to be hauded over to the secretary, to be distributed as he may thiuk proper, and besides this, he was to ibe paid the usual brokerage of sixpence per share. When, in spite of this, 20,000 shares -were applied for, it may be taken for-, granted that nowadays anything in the shape of a company is a sufficient tempting bSit wherewith to catch the ra3h speculators;.which abound in the city. The recently reported tin discoveries in the Northern Territory were kept quite secret by the Government, except from a favored few, who doubtless saw a good thing in view when they put their money on this " dark horse," and applied for leases of about 175 miles of country, but according to late advices there is every probability that they will regret ever having heard of this grand spec. A PECULIAR MISSIONARY. Peter Cinipbell, Esq., as he style's himself when he drops the prefix Revereud, has during the last month or so conducted a series of services in the city, and his extremely bombastic style has attracted somewhat large audiences, which included persons who were present in the expectation of seeing an exhibition of that " muscular Christianity" which the reverend esquire boasted of when threatening to expel one of his hearers who objected to hear a lady whom he respected spoken disrespectfully of. The Press of South Australia has fallen under the displeasure of this teacher of Christian virtues, whose experience in journalism has been gained by his connection with two papers, having the suggestive na nes of The Wasp and The. Stockwhip. He has aUo gained some little experience -inthe Police Court, through having laid an information against Mr. A. O. Chambers for ' interrupting a religious service, the charge being of coursedismissed. Unlike "William," the ^universally respected late Bush Missionary, "Peter Campbell, Esq., accepts donation of cash, and is nut above making the f-usual collection at his services. As he purposes, starting soon on a prolonged bush tour he may favor B.iross.a with a visit, and the people of your neighborhood may have the opportunity of listening to one who promises to reform existing evils, even if he should be compelled to go to the length of str.?ting a penny daily paper to accomplish his ends. OSTRICH FARMING. Stimulated by the glowing accounts of the ostrich farming business in South Africa a number of speculators have arrived at the conclusion that the breeding of these birds might be made a profitable business in this colony. Accordingly a meeting of those interested was held on Thursday last, Mr. D. C. P. Moody being present in the capacity of general manager and promoter, offering his valuable services as buyer of birds, overseer of the contemplated farm, and, in short, "boss" of the whole concern. Reference was made to the efforts of Messrs. Malcolm and Bowman, whose progress in ostrich farming has for some time past kept the subject before the public. It was decided to form a company, and the meeting adjourned to allow time for drawing up a prospectus. 