TUE HEW VERSION OP TUE NEW TESTAMENT. Trie following ia tho concluding part of the synopsis of the Rev. Alex. Hay's lecture : Now, I must remind you that our Autho- rised Version was translated from thc text of Erasmus and Roliert Stephens, and that they had between them not more than about a score of M SS, none of them old, from which to draw their text. Even in 1G11, when the Authorised Version was published, nothing was known of tlie Vatican, Alexandrian, or Sinaitic MSS. The ancient translations and thc quotations in the Fathers bad scarcely been thought of as sources of information. During these 270 years, however, a succession of great scholars on the Continent and in England have been engaged in examining all these authorities. Vast collections of various readings have been made. Editions of the Greek Testament have been published, giving thc text as corrected and amended, according to tho views of their respective editors. Tischendorf spent his lifo in search- ing for, comparing and publishing MSS. and he crowned his work by publishing an edition of thc Greek Testament, giving his idea of what the text should bo. The late Dr. Alford, Dean of Canterbury, left » like great work as a legacy to the Church, and Dr. S. P. Trogelles may be said to have closed his days in putting tho finishing touches to an edition of tho Greek Testament which had been the work of about 40 years of bis life. What then has been the result? There have found from 150,000 to 200.000 readings different from those in the common Greek Testmamont. This seems at first sight stupendous and alarming, but only at first sight. Of this vast host of various readings, all but a thousand or two are matters of accent, or spelling, or thc order of words and such like. They no more affect the sense than the spelling of honour without a U, or the ommission to cross a T,, or to put a dot over an i. The various readings which are of any moment affect only about seven words on tho average in each chapter, and even these arc mostly Buch as these, "Jesus Christ" for ¡ " Christ Jesus ;" "Lord "for "God" or for " Christ ;" " be said " for " Jesus said ;" and the exchange of " saith," " said," " answered," and " said " for one another. Variations such as these leave the sense untouched. The varieties of reading which affect any of tho usual proof passages of the Christian doc- trine may lie counted on the fingers, and they leave thc doctrine involved sufficiently proved from other parts of Scripture. The changes that have been made may bo classed under two main beads-first, those that affect tho Greek text ; and those that affect merely tho translation of that text. Among the changes that effect the text of the Greek from which the translation is made, the omissions evidently first claim our attention ; and the first that falls to be mentioned is one which has been a great surprise to very many. 1 refer to the omission of the doxology-"For thine is tho kingdom and the power and the glory," from the Lord's prayer. The careful reader of tho Gospels must have observed that this prayer as given by Matthew bas the doxology, and as given by Luke wants it. The same diversity exists in the English Prayer Book. The prayer is used first with, and then without, the doxology, at both morning and evening service ¡ and in both cases in a form taken from one of the older translations, " trespasses " being used for " debts." The principal change, then, in thc prayer is the omission of the doxology, and the substi- tution of tho "evil one" for "evil," the latter certainly being a very questionable improvement. In Matthew the prayer now reads thus: "Our Father, which art in Heaven, Hallowed bo Thy name ; Thy King- dom come ; Thy will be done, as iu Heaven, so in earth ; Give us this day our daily bread ; and forgive ns our debts, as we also have forgiven our debtors. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from thc evil ono." In Luke it is still farther shortened, " Father, hallowed bo Thy name ; Thy King- J dom ooma ; Give us day by day our daily I bread. And forgive us our ems, for wc our- selves also forgive every ono that is indebted to us. And bring us not into temptation." Theso variations, whether rightly admitted or not, clearly confirm the belief that the facts of our Lord's ministry, and thc words of His teaching, must have been banded down by memory for a number of years before they were committed to writing. It was not to he expected that every word, even of so memorable a prayer as this, would be remembered with perfect exactness. Each disciple would use it with peculiar verbil varieties of bis own. But bow carno thc doxology to find its way into tho text, since the weight of the most ancient authori- ties is decidedly against it? Tho answer is simple. Liturgical, or fixed forms of proyer and praise came into uso in tho church at a very early period, and this doxology, evidently borrowed from David's grand outburst of praise in I. Citron., 2Í), ll, "Thine, O Lord, is the greatness, and the power, and the glory, and the victory and the majesty," came to be added to the Lord's prayer used in public warship, just as in thc English Church service of thc present day the reading or chanting of each Psalm is closed with the doxology, Glory be to the Father and to tho Son, &c.; Thc doxology, by-nud-byc, began to bc written on the margins of copies of the Gospels alongside of thc prayer itself, and before long it was introduced into the text, later copyists fancying from seeing it iu the margin that it was an omission of their predecessors. There can bo no doubt that the doxology is a beautiful and noble close to this divine prayer, und there is no reason why wo should not add it either in pub- lic or private worship ; but wdicn tho quest on is not what may bo properly em- ployed in worship, hut what was really written hy Matthew and Luise, we are hound to admit nothing but what thc evidence before us sanctions. I next notice an omission which has been a great trouble to commentators nnd preachers. This appears at John 5, 2, " Now there is in Jerusalem by the sheep tftli1. {the bettor rendering for sheep mni'l;of) a pool which is called in Hebrew Bethesda having five porches. In these lay a great multitude of them that were sick (impotent folk) blind, halt, withered." Tho words that follow are omitted-" waiting for the moving of the water, for an angel went down at a certain season int) thc pool, and troubled the water ; whosoever then first, after the troubling of th'i water, stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had." Herc, again, the weight of all the most ancient authorities ÍB opposed to thc retention of these words. How, then, could they have got into the text ? Thc explanation seems to bo this. There was a fountain near Jerusalem, which was called thc Fountain of the Virgin, whose waters did not How continuously, but at intervals, hence the troubling of thc waters." The Jews superstitiously attributed a healing power to this troubling, ascribing it to thc work of an angel, and the reference to this superstition was, no doubt, originally a note on the margin, in which some reider tried to account for thc sick penp'e being congregated in the porches beside the pool. The removal of this passaic from our New Testament I must regard as a great service done by the revisers, were it only for the sake of putting an end to the ridiculous attempts that have been made to explain it. One actually supposed that all the blood and olTil from tlie court of thc temple where the sacri- ficial victims were slain, was tun into this pool, and that thc moving of thc waters was thc stirr- ing np of thc festering mass that had settled nt the bottom. Is it any wonder that there are scoffers when such things are gravely said or written in explanation nf Scripture ? I must pass hy thc omission in Acts VIII. 82, where undoubtedly a very early baptismal for- mula has crept from thc margin into the text, and call your attention to an omission which is of far greater moment. This is thc passage at I .lohn, v., 7, S, which speaks of the three heavenly witnesses-" Fur there arc (bree that bear record in beaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost ; and these three aro - one," These words oro now left out ; as well as the words "on earth" in the vene that follows. When in the year 1516 Erasmus pub lished bis Greek Testament, he left out this verse, as he did not find it in any of dozen or so of MSS., late though these were that he possessed. The omission was received with a storm of indignation, for was not this verse in the Latin Vulgate-the Bible of the Church of Borne ? Erasmus replied that he would not insert them, unless MSS. authority conld be shown for them ; but could even one MS. be pro- duced containing them he would do so. It was not till his fifth edition that he inserted the words, and then only to fulfil hie promise ; for they had been found in one MS., a very late one, whioh is now in the University Library at Dublin. All ancient authority is against it, and it has been consigned to utter oblivion, na longer to be quoted end preached from by ignorant people as the ground-proof text for the doctrine of the Trinity-a doctrine which by no means falls to the ground because this baseless buttress has been taken away. There are many other omissions of shorter phrases and prominent words, but time will not allow us to notice them. THOBO who have devoted their minds to the investigation and settlement of the Greek text of the New Testament have often the greatest difficulty in deciding whether a particular passage ought to be in the text or not. Some of the oldest MSS. are in favour, others arc against ; and the text requires to be held by a very steady end delicate hand. There are very many euch passages noted in the margin of the New Version, all however, except two, of very secondary importance. These two are of such moment that the revisers, instead of leaving them out altogether, have inserted them with a break in the text, and a note calling atten- tion to their doubtful character. The first of the two consists of the last eleven verses of the Gospel by Mark. Two of tho very oldest MSS. omit this passage, though one of them leaves a blank space large enough to hold it, and wc have the express testimony of high authorities among the Fathers that it was not v in thc best copies of their day. It has this peculiarity about it, that it contains seventeen words which are not found elsewhere in Mark. The accepted theory is that it may be regarded as of Apostolic origin, though perhaps not from the pen of Mark himself. Not less curious is the history of the famous passage in John VII. CS-VIII, ll, which contains the account of the woman taken in adultery. There is no more perplexing question than that of the ccnuineness of this possage. Tho oldest MSS. the oldest Versions, and most of the Fathers omit it ; many other authorities mark it as doubtful, though inserting it, yet thelmur can easily be seen to be reasons why it might bc left out of the Gospel. Indeed, Augustine says that some people of weak minds removed it out of their copies, because it seemed that ho who said, " Go and sin no more, gave now permission to sin." Other Fathers clearly indicate that the passage was regarded os dangerous in its tendency. 'I he question must ever remain a doubtful one, and the Revisers have acted wisely in inserting it, though as doubtful. John tells us that tho world itself could not contain the books that might be written about the life of Jesus, and this passage may well have been one of those traditional stories of the life of Jesus, not inserted in the earliest copy of the Gospel by . John, but rescued from oblivion at a later ; time. I cannot avoid quoting the words f of Canon Farrer regarding it. "It is f strange that any one should have failed i to sec that in the ray of mercy which ji thus streamed from heaven upon the j wretched sinner, the sin aBBumed an \ aspect tenfold more heinous, tenfold more - repulsive to the conscience of mankind, to ? every consoience which accepts it as a law of life, that it should strive to bo holy as God is ' holy, and pure as He is pure." I have spoken of the chief omissions, and of the chief passages which in the new Version are marked ns doubtful. There is another very large class of passages in which the Revisers have adopted other readings from those which " stand in thc ordinary Greek Testament, and which therefore ?yi],,,'rn n vord ir_ the new Version. Of tbese.1 shall refei to only two or three. Our Revisers have altered a passage which has always been invested with very great ira Ïiortauce in the proof of the divinity of tho /ord Jesus, I. Timothy, 3, 1G, "God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the spirit, seen of angels, preached among the Gentiles, bolioved on in the world, received up into glory." The new version has it thus: " Without controversy great is the mystery of Godliness, He who was manifest, &c.;" The difficulty abont this passage arises out of the fact that tho word for "who" and the common contractions for the word " God " looked very much much alike in the ancient MSS., and in some of them it is impossible to say which is meant. The great preponderance of evidence, however, is in favour of " who ;" and thus, doubtless, it will be read in the future. But what of the great doctrine-the divinity of our Lord-for which this has been so often quoted? This is one of those numerous cases in which very marked changes have left the truths ot our faith just where they were, firm and immove- w able as the Rock of Ages on which they rest. I havo selected these examples of changes in thc original Greek, and consequently in tho English Translation, os appearing in passages which are generally familiar, and as specially fitted to illustrate that part of my subject which I can overtake this evening; for the subject of the correction and improvement of thc Authorised Version, where no change waa required in the Greek, is a subject so wide aa to furnish most ample and interesting material for another lecture, which I purpose giving at an carly date. Meanwhile if I have enabled any of my audience to understand more » clearly why a New Version was required, I shall feel that in preparing and giving this lecture, my labour has not been in vain. 