PBEDESTINATIOV. TO THE EDITOR OF THE COURIER. SIR,—Will you kindly allow me space in your columns to answer a question propounded by a correspondent in your issue of yesterday. He asks if tbe Christiiui's God has a foreknowledge of whatever comes to pass; and farther desires to know the difference between foreknowledge and predestination. Now, to auswerthe aboTe question iu the negative is to deny one of the principal attributes of God. Heforekneweverything, and hence nothing ever has or ever will tate him by surprise. But we must not confuse Go j foreknowing that a thine will be witb God predestinating that a thing shall he. He know that the sun will rise to- morrow morning, but oar knowledge of this fact does not make it rise; and so God knows who among us will be saved, and who will be damned, but His knowledge of these things does not save or damn us. I am not endeavoring to h&rmouise; Divine sovereignty with human responsibility. I leave this to th i-e V.I10 desirt- to manifest their own ignorance. ISJUI these antipodal truths arc revealed in Scripture, and hence we ought to believe them both, isut I. ain endeavoring to pro've the fallacy of that horrible dofuia which tells us God. by an inexorable law, has predestinated some of his creatures to eternal punishment without givi: ; them the slightest opportunity of escape. I apprehend that if the dauw is ever lost he will not be iLble to charge God with being either the cause or the oceaaion of his ruiu. I suppose the 9th chapter of Paul's letter to the Romans reveals the eternal counsels of God more clearly than any other portion ot Scripture, and vet it is blessed to notice that even here tlie Holy Ghost is very guarded in the langoage ho employs (verses 22 *nd 23). The vessels of mercy were "afore prepared unto glory," *.e., by God, bat tlie vessels of wrath are " fitted to destruction," i.e., by ain. For a further exposition of this subject, i would refrt your correspondent to certain religious meetings where he will come in contact with a poor sinner saved by grace, who is known by the name of 2 Neu street, B&Hsxat.; SlMUEi.J. B. CARTKH. 