REVIEW. SONGS FROM THE MOUNTAINS. BY HENRY KENDALL. Sydney : William Mad- dock, 381, George-street. 1880. IT is eighteen years since Mr. Kendall published his first volume of " Poems and Songs" * ; and fourteen since he was honoured by a fairly ap- preciative notice in a leading organ of English literary criticism. There had been an earlier notice of Mr. Kendall in the pages of the London Athenæum, in which, to use the words of the writer, his strong poetic faculty and power, which no amount of learning can bestow, had been frankly recognized ; but in the issue of the same journal of the 17th February, 1866, there ap- peared a just and certainly by no means a dis- couraging estimate of Mr. Kendall's work. He had sent to the Editor a bulky MS., accompanied by what he describes as " a very modest and sensible letter ;" and the English critic (who, by the way, as indeed we might naturally suppose, has manifestly the very slightest acquaintance with our literary efforts in the colony) honestly addresses himself to the work put before him, and unhesitatingly pronounces Mr. Kendall to be a poet. And although some of Mr. Kendall's contributions were treated with scant courtesy (notably the allegorical poems about America, "Elijah" and " Rizpah," with their carefully chosen Scripture phrases, which were referred to in a delicately freethought and irreverential vein), and no high opinion was expressed of his medi- tative pieces, yet the strength and vigour of the writer were promptly acknowledged, and his power in the treatment of indigenous subjects highly praised. " The Song of the Cattle Hun- ters," and the " Ghost Glen," both of which were quoted at length in the pages of the Athenæum, formed the subjects of a special commendation, and were accepted as intimations of what the author might be privileged to achieve if he marched under what Wordsworth finely calls the " banners militant" of "effort and expectation and desire." Mr. Kendall's English critic con- cluded with those words: — " If Mr. Kendall continues to exert his faculty as successfully as he has done in these two pieces, England, as well as Australia, will gladly recognize his place as a singer. He has both dis- advantages and advantages in his distant sphere, but the latter preponderate. He occupies virgin soil, stands in the midst of a society whose charac- teristics have never yet been mirrored in song, while English writers are throwing up their pens yearly because they can assimilate nothing new. Let him seek in the great life around him those human forms of humour, pathos, and beauty which, touched by the gifted hand, cannot fail to win the hearts of the public ; and let him use his local colouring — a precious treasure — to illustrate truths which are universal. It is impossible, of course, to say how he would succeed in the pro- founder labour of dramatic insight — such faculty as he shows in the poems before us being distinc- tively a lyrical faculty ; but that he has gifts there can be no question ; and his communication to us is so modest and sensible that we are assured he will put these gifts to the best use, leave his imi- tative efforts behind, and strike out in the path which he is most suited to explore." Since the bestowal of this honest advice, and the expression of this deserved and encouraging eulogium, the objeot of it has had a hard and continuous struggle with the stern realities of life. He has had, certainly, no lack of oppor- tunities for the intensest study of "forms of pathos," and his education as a poet has seem- ingly not been deficient in the elements of suffer- ing and sorrow. A great living poet and essayist in a well-known critical paper has said that " the lesser poets are poets prepense ; the greater are at once poets of their own making and of natures equi- distant in their line of life from the mere singing bird and the mere student." Mr. Kendall, whatever the world may deem of his title to be ranked with the latter, has unquestionably the one characteristic, that he stands midway between the singer and the student. In the affecting words with which, in his dedication (by far the grandest piece in the volume), he speaks of his song he touchingly deprecates a too bitter cri- ticism of his efforts : — . . . . " These are the broken words Of blind occasions, when the world has come Between me and my dream. No song is here Of mighty compass ; for my singing robes I've worn in stolen moments. All my days Have been the days of a laborious life ; And ever on my struggling soul has burned The fierce heat of this hurried sphere." He has been for a number of years engaged in very humble employment, at a distance from this city, and in a place where, except from his own presence, there must necessarily be an absence of all grace and dignity of life. And yet it is impos- sible to read this volume without being deeply sensible that the author has not only used poetry as Mr. Keble, in his University lectures, indicated that it should be used, " as a method of relieving the over-burdened mind, and a channel through which emotion finds a safe regulated expression ;" but that he has a perfect familiarity with some of the latest and many of the finest examples of the literature of his own country. He is not in his lonely home so far. " Away from men and books and all the schools," as not to have read for example, " Atalanta in Calydon," and " Chastelard," " The Dramatic Idyls of Browning," and " La Saisiaic," " The Two poets of Croisic ;" or later still, " Echetlos," " Clive," and " Pietro of Abano." He earns his bread, we believe, outside any literary occupation of any kind (though even in this country there is no reason that we know of why this should be necessary), and we only advert to the circum- stance — for which perhaps we ought to apologize — with the simple object of showing that he does not want in that knowledge of life which is essen- || || * Poems and Songs. By Henry Kendall. Sydney 1862\. 8vo., 144 pages. || || tial to the true poet. He has not, for example, the excuse which was offered for one who soared too far above the actual things of human life, whose eyes were fixed on the splendid apparitions with which he peopled space, and who went through the world not seeing the high road and stumbling over the stones of the roadside. Mr. Kendall may indeed stumble, but he sees and knows the road. When we come to speak, as we shall presently do, of one or two of his poems, which embody the results of his keen observation of the human life about him, we shall see that he is something more than a splendid dreamer, and that he has not wholly sur- rendered himself to sweet sounds and fainting air, and the perfumed breathe of flowers ; in fine, that his life is not "turned out of her course." There is, says an Art critic of matchless taste and delicacy, contemplating the paintings which form the decoration of the dining-hall of a great Roman palace, an exuberance of vigorousness through- out this work ! And then he proceeds to analyze the composition ; and to show, bit by bit, how the idea of strength is exaggerated ; how genius is developed on the side of energy, and muscle, and athletic force, among gods and men in the paintings ; and in a magnificent amplitude — a more than Rubens-like richness, and fulness and greatness — among women ; how Eve becomes massive, the Graces themselves pulpy, and the Cupids transporting Psyche, like Hamlet's flesh, " too solid." It would not be difficult to apply much of this masterly criticism to some of Mr. Kendall's work. That there are both power and beauty of a rare order, imaginative tenderness, emotional fervour, and an easy command of rich and forcible English, no one can fail to perceive at a glance ; that it would be to speak altogether in too faint and imperfect language of commenda- tion to say of some of the minor pieces that they are characterized by sweetness, grace, and delicate melody, will be generally admitted ; and yet it is equally obvious that a vivid and highly creative imagination is not under the em- pire of a sober judgment ; and that much that mars the poetical beauty of this work is the absence of a just restraint of sen- suousness and fervour. We think that the defect which we have indicated will be easily perceived in several of the pieces. Of the dedication "to a Mountain" (which we give at length), it is impos- sible to speak in any other language than that of deep admiration. When Wordsworth for the first time beheld the summit of Mont Blanc un- veiled he mourned over the usurpation "of a living thought that never more could be," of the " soul- less image on the eye." Mr. Kendall in this very beautiful piece has endeavoured to show us how day by day and year by year he has felt in his soul the beauty and the lessons, the sense of grandeur, and the strength and the repose of this magnificent teacher :— " DEDICATION. — TO A MOUNTAIN. " To thee, O Father of the stately peaks, Above me in the loftier light — to thee, Imperial brother of those awful hills Whose feet are set in splendid spheres of flame, Whose heads are where the gods are, and whose sides Of strength are belted round with all the zones Of all the world, I dedicate these songs. And, if within the compass of this book, There lives and glows one verse in which there beats The pulse of wind and torrent — if one line Is here that like a running water sounds, And seems an echo from the lands of leaf, Be sure that line is thine. Here in this home Away from men and books and all the schools, I take thee for my teacher. In thy voice Of deathless majesty, I kneeling, hear God's grand authentic gospel ! Year by year, The great sublime cantata of thy storm Strikes through my spirit — fills it with a life Of startling beauty ! Thou my Bible art With holy leaves of rock, and flower, and tree, And moss, and shining runnel. From each page That helps to make thy awful Volume, I Have learned a noble lesson. In the psalms Of thy grave winds, and in the liturgy Of singing waters, lo ! my soul has heard The higher worship ; and from thee indeed The broad foundations of a finer hope Were gathered in ; and thou has lifted up The blind horizon for a larger faith ! Moreover, walking in exalted woods Of naked glory — in the green and gold Of forest sunshine — I have paused like one With all the life transfigured ; and a flood Of light ineffable has made me feel As felt the grand old prophets caught away By flames of inspiration ; but the words Sufficient for the story of my Dream Are far too splendid for poor human lips ! But thou to whom I turn with reverent eyes — O stately Father, whose majestic face Shines far above the zone of wind and cloud Where high dominion of the morning is — Thou hath the song complete of which my songs Are pallid adumbrations ! Certain sounds Of strong authentic sorrow in this book May have the sob of upland torrents — these, And only these, may touch the great World's heart ; For lo ! they are the issues of that Grief Which makes a man more human, and his life More like that frank exalted life of thine. But in these pages there are other tones In which thy large superior voice is not — Through which no beauty that resembles thine Has ever shone. Those are the broken words Of blind occasions when the World has come Between me and my Dream. No song is here Of mighty compass ; for my singing robes I've worn in stolen moments. All my days Have been the days of a laborious life ; And ever on my struggling soul has burned The fierce heat of this hurried sphere. But thou, To whose fair majesty I dedicate My book of rhymes — thou hast the perfect rest Which makes the heaven of the highest gods ! To thee the noises of this violent time Are far-faint whispers ; and, from age to age, Within the world and yet apart from it Thou standest ! Round thy lordly capes the sea Rolls on with a superb indifference For ever : in thy deep green gracious glens The silver fountains sing for ever. Far Above dim ghosts of waters in the caves, The royal robe of morning on thy head Abides for ever ! evermore the wind Is thy august companion ; and thy peers Are cloud, and thunder, and the face sublime Of blue midheaven ! On thy awful brow Is Deity ; and in that voice of thine There is the great imperial utterance Of God for ever ; and thy feet are set Where evermore, through all the days and years, There rolls the grand hymn of the deathless wave." "Pytheas" is the title of a piece which is a voyage in imagination with the celebrated Greek seaman whose name it bears, and who related of himself that he had visited Britain, and travelled over it as far as it was accessible, and who was, it is conjectured, a contemporary of Alexander the Great. Mr. Kendall is in no way embarrassed by the mythical character of much of the adventure and observation of this classic sailor, on the determination of whose veracity so many French and German critics have ingeniously and laboriously exercised themselves. In the poem Mr. Kendall has embodied all the principal par- ticulars which have been preserved from the works of Pytheas, as they are given in Greek biographical dictionaries. The opening lines are worthy of quotation. Pytheas, it may be said, was a native of Massilia, in Gaul :— " Gaul, whose keel in far dim ages ploughed wan widths of polar sea — Gray old sailor of Massilia, who hath woven wreath for thee ? Who amongst the world's high singers ever breathed the tale sublime Of the man who coasted England in the misty dawn of Time ? Leaves of laurel, lights of music — these and these have never shed Glory on the name unheard of — lustre on the vanished head ! Lords of Song, and these are many, never yet have raised the lay For the white windbeaten seaman of a wild for- gotten day ! Harp of shining son of Godhead still is as a voice august ; But the man who first saw Britain sleeps beneath unnoticed dust." The closing lines are equally fine. Is it an extravagance to say that the poem will not appear altogether unworthy of comparison with the first of the latest six pieces in the second series of Browning's " Dramatic Idyls," commenc- ing with " Here is a story shall stir you ! Stand up Greeks, dead and gone, Who breasted beat barbarians, stemmed Persia rolling on, Did the deed and saved the world, since the day was Marathon !" Mr. Kendall brings his " Lord of many seas" with a reverent face to the untrodden shores, and thus speaks: — "Man who knew resplendant Athens, set and framed in silver sea, Did not dream a dream of England — England of the years to be ! Friend of Fathers like to Plato — bards august and hallowed seers — Did not see that tenfold glory, Britain of the future years ! Spirit filled with Grecian music — songs that charm the dark away — On that large supreme occasion, did not note diviner lay ! Did not hear the voice of Shakespeare — all the mighty life was still Down the slope that dipped to seaward, on the shoulders of the hill ; But the gold and green were brighter than the bloom of Thracian springs, And a strange surpassing beauty shone upon the face of things." There is much genuine pathos in more than one of the pieces which manifestly owe their origin to circumstances of domestic sorrow. There is no feeble effort to jest amidst tears (that perfect " note," as is said, of a poisoned imagination) ; and the veil of home affliction is tenderly and delicately uplifted by the graceful and trembling hands of one who has suffered. The poem entitled " Araluen" is an example, which opens thus :— " Take this rose and very gently place it on the tender, deep Mosses where our little darling Araluen lies asleep. Put the blossom close to baby — kneel with me, my love, and pray ; We must leave the bird we've buried — say good- bye to her to-day. In the shadow of our trouble, we must go to other lands ; And the flowers we have fostered will be left to other hands. Other eyes will watch them growing — other feet will softly tread Where two hearts are nearly breaking : where so many tears are shed. Bitter is the world we live in : life and love are mixed with pain — We will never see these daisies : never water them again." There are a delicacy and kindness in his two or three " In Memoriam" pieces which fully justify his claim to a place of honour among those who softly and sweetly sing " Of folded hands, closed eyes, and heart at rest, And slumber sound beneath a flowery turf." Mr. Kendall has published in this volume a few pieces which reveal his powers has a humourist, and which are at the same time racy of the soil. His pictures of this kind are as perfect in colour- ing as those of Bret Harte of the Sierras of California. There are no prose pieces, indeed, like the " Luck of Roaring Camp," or the " Out- casts of Poker Flat ;" but there are several things in verse which, it seems to us, are as genuinely humorous as any of the poems from " Nye's Ford, Stanislaus," descriptive of the society at Table Mountain and at Dow's Flat. Whether Mr. Kendall has been a reader of the martyrdom of Flynn of Virginia, of Cicely, of Jim Wild, and of the other savage heroic people of Bret Harte's stories, we are not aware ; but " Jim, the splitter of Wollombi," may have a humorous kinship with Jim Wild of Stanislaus, as the spirited piece of horsey verse entitled " Kings- borough" (and which would unquestionably give a Tattersall's laureateship to the author) may have been suggested by the exploits of " Chiquita," that marvellous filly, which, according to Mr. Harte, had been the property of a sporting gentleman who "Busted hisself in White Pine, and blew out his brains down in 'Frisco." We quote two verses from " Jim the Splitter." " He can stick to the saddle can Wollombi Jim ; And when a buckjumper dispenses with him The leather goes off with the rider. And, as to a team, over gully and hill He can travel with twelve on the breadth of a quill, And boss the unlucky ' offsider.' " He shines at his best at the tiller of saw, On the top of the pit, where his whisper is law To the gentleman working below him. When the pair of them pause in a circle of dust, Like a monarch he poses, exalted, august — There's nothing this planet can show him !" We know of no more delicate euphuism among the daintiest, and subtlest of American humourists than the second line of the first of these verses. The American faculty of affecting to embody startling deeds — the heroic actions of backwoods- men — in the most passionless phrase has been admirably imitated at all events in the description of Wollombi Jim's horsemanship. The all-absorb- ing and inextinguishable curiosity of the gentle- man who asked, in the well-known lines, — "Are things what they seem? Or is visions about ? Is our civilization a failure? Or is the Caucasian played out ?" is not more genuinely grotesque in its expression than the frank disavowal of any pretensions to Hellenism ; or, as Mr. Matthew Arnold would put it, human life invested with a kind of aerial ease, and clearness, and brilliancy, or what he calls sweetness and light, on the part of "Jim the Splitter." " No party is Jim of the Pericles type : He is modern right up from the toe to the pipe ; And, being no reader or roamer, He hasn't Euripides much in the head, And let it be carefully, tenderly said, He never has analysed Homer." And we question whether the plea for Jim's passionate preference of sensational to pure litera- ture, and the melancholy deprivation of the elements of culture from which he suffered in his youth, so " that a ' par ' about Kelly was more in his line than the happiest verse on the glitter- ing pages of Shelley," could be put with more seeming soundness of remonstrance against hasty judgments, and with more sterling humour than in the verse which describes Jim's early train- ing :— "You mustn't, however, adjudge him in haste, Because a red robber is more to his taste Than Ruskin, Rosetti, or Dante ! You see he was bred in a bangalow wood, And bangalow pith was the principal food His mother served out in her shanty." There are both power and humour in the de- scription of the old dog in the poem, entitled " Rover." The author of " Rab and his Friends " (perhaps the best dog painter, not excepting Landseer, that the world has seen) would have been pleased with such touches as these : — * * * * * * * " Between his tail and bright old eye, The swift communications Outstrip the messages which fly From telegraphic stations. And ah ! that tail's rich eloquence Conveys too clear a moral For men who have a grain of sense About its drift to quarrel. * * * * * * * And when I sip my nightly grog, And watch old Rover blinking, This royal ruin of a dog Calls forth some serious thinking. For, though he's lightly touched by fate, I cannot help remarking The step of age is in his gait — Its hoarseness in his barking." " Black Lizzie " is a picture of a " gin " in the laughing affected style of Carew, or Suckling, or Herrick, but the portrait is a perfect one. The painter assumes the true bantering cavalier style, and poses as a man of taste and fashion. Of course there is extravagant affectation, for the lines — " I'll even sketch you as you are, In Herrick's style of carelessness," do not describe that style with accuracy. The gentlemen who sang " Some asked me where the rubies grew," and " Why so pale and fond, lover," and other classic trifles of the same kind, were by no means careless in this kind of com- position. Some of Mr. Kendall's verses are very good :— " The gloved and jewelled bards who sing Of Pippa, Maud, and Dorothea, Have hardly done the handsome thing For you, my inky Cytherea, " Flower of a land whose sunny skies Are like the dome of Dante's clime, They might have praised your lips, your eyes, And, eke, your ankles, in their rhyme ! " But let them pass ! To right your wrong, Aspasia of the ardent South, Your poet means to sing a song With some prolixity of mouth. " I'll even sketch as you are In Herrick's style of carelessness, Not overstocked with things that bar An ample view — to wit, with dress " You have your blanket, it is true ; But then, If I am right at all, What best would suit a dame like you Was worn by Eve before the Fall." * * * * * * Here let us part ! I will not say, O lady free from scents and starch, That you are like, in any way, The authoress of ' Middlemarch.' " One cannot match her perfect phrase With commonplaces from your lip ; And yet there are some sexual traits To show your dim relationship. " Indeed, in spite of all the mists That grow from social codes, I see The liberal likeness which exists Throughout our whole humanity. " And though I've laughed at your expense, O Dryad of the dusky race, No man who has a heart and sense Would bring displeasure to your face." The final poem is a delicate tender regret that the song once dreamed about by the poet has not yet, and never will be, sung. He has not the sweet contentment of the genius whose song might die away unheard, save to the quiet prim- rose and the span of heaven, and few ears " Rich in the simple worship of a day." Mr. Kendall is manifestly not satisfied with what he has already accomplished. But it would be an injustice to him and to the country to hesitate for a moment in recognizing that there is much and varied beauty, power, purity, and grace of diction, rare imaginative tenderness, or, in other words, some of the essential elements of true poetry, in the volume which we are review- ing. Whether the soil from which these flowers have sprung is of one or other of the kinds of " song-soil" of which Robert Browning speaks in the epilogue to his last volume, there can be little doubt that it has given us some precious forms of beauty. " The song that once I dreamed about, The tender, touching thing, As radient as the rose without — The love of wind and wing — The perfect verses to the tune Of woodland music set, As beautiful as afternoon, Remain unwritten yet. It is too late to write them now, The ancient fire is cold : No ardent lights illume the brow As in the days of old. I cannot dream the dream again ; But, when the happy birds Are singing in the sunny rain, I think I hear its words. I think I hear the echo still Of long forgotten tones, When evening winds are on the hill, And sunset fires the cones. But only in the hours supreme With songs of land and sea, The lyrics of the leaf and stream, This echo comes to me. No longer doth the earth reveal Her gracious green and gold : I sit where youth was once, and feel That I am growing old. The lustre from the face of things Is wearing all away : Like one who halts with tired wings. I rest and muse to-day. There is a river in the range I love to think about : Perhaps the searching feet of change Have never found it out. Ah ! oftentimes I used to look Upon its banks, and long To steal the beauty of that brook And put it in a song. I wonder if the slopes of moss In dreams so dear to me — The falls of flower and flower-like floss — Are as they used to be. I wonder if the waterfalls, The singers far and fair That gleamed between the wet green walls, Are still the marvels there. Ah ! let me hope that in that place The old familiar things To which I turn a wistful face, Have never taken wings. Let me retain the fancy still That, past the lordly range, There always shines, in folds of hill, One spot secure from change. I trust that yet the tender screen That shades a certain nook Remains, with all its gold and green, The glory of the brook. It hides a secret, to the birds And waters only known — The letters of two lovely words A poem on a stone. Perhaps the lady of the past Upon these lines may light ; The purest verses and the last That I may ever write. She need not fear a word of blame ; Her tale the flowers keep ; The wind that heard me breathe her name Has been for years asleep. But in the night, and when the rain The troubled torrent fills, I often think I see again The river in the hills. And when the day is very near, And birds are on the wing, My spirit fancies it can hear The song I cannot sing." Clairvaux, Dec. 24. W. B. D. — S.M. Herald. 