MY LOVE." "" ' By E. Lvxn Linton, Author or "Tatrtcia Kbudall," "Tuk Atonement or: Leam Dun das," " Under Which Lord?" «kc- Chatter XA'iJI. (Continued).— The Last Appeal. At first they heeded neither tbo weatnor nor fho altered order of things at homo. Thoy wore together and alono ; and that was joy enough for tiro moment. Then tho smoko of that glad inconso of lovo and happiness began to clear away — tho first momentary oxeitemcnt subsided — and they came slowly back to things as thoy were, and to tho sorrowful truths which were as spectres awaiting fJicm. Each saw how pal o and wan and hollow-eyed tho other had becomo ; each missed that sense of security, that sense of joy, which had marked the early stages of their love. Tboy wero like ghosts rising from tho tomb and look ing at each other across tho moonlit space whore the graves were lying thick, and the dead loves of life wore bngriod. Thero was no reality oven here, and no ccrtaJuty — save of sorrow. Rut they lovod each other. Sp much wa3 sure. Whatever the future held — thoy loved each other. " Yon do not aak mo why I have como down," Cyril began, whc.u that silent scrutiny and acknowledgment. Lad grown somewhat em barrassing. ' " I was too glad to sue ytru to think of anything else," sho answered soJtly. "I am going to India in about three wcoks' time now," ho said. "And I havocomo to ask yon to go with mo." Sho turned away her head— she could not moot those yearning, faithful eyes — that hondsomo, loving faco, bending down. to look into hers. Her , hands were in his, closely, tightly clasped. Sho would not tako them away, but she could not look into his faco I " How can I ?" sho sighed. "Why should you not ?" ho returnod. "Botv can I lea vo poor papa? Ho would dio if I wcro to icavo him." "And -what shall I do, Stella? Perhaps worso than dio! If you aro a daughter, romombor also that you aro a wife — my wife in tlie sight of God ; and you owe ipe as much duty as you owe your father — and more love." Cyril spoko with a gravity and intensity which Stella had never beard in him before. It was us if ho had suddenly ceased to be a boy and bo come a strong, mature and solf-respoeting man! Ho was less tho lover pleading for a grace than the husband, as he called himself, claiming his rights. Till now sho . had soon l»im only boyishly earnest in his suit, boyishly radiant in his success, boy ishly despairing in his defeat; bat now ho was a man of equal strength and firmness with- hor fatiior, and sho felt instinctively that things bad como into a now phase, and that tho moment was all tho graver because of her . lover's changed morale. . " Yoti know that I love s'ou," bIio said, turning to bim with the instinct of a caress. " I know that you do," ho answorod tenderly ; . "but though you lovo me you aro lotting your- self bo divided from mo — perhaps for ever ; and you aro giving me more anguish than I once thought I could have borne and lived under !" "I am not being divided from you ; excepting for a littlo while," sho answered, woman-like, preaching peace whore thoro was no peaco, and forbearing to look facts in tho face. " It is only while my poor, darling mother's death is so fresh — ttilo papa misses her so much — that I ask you to put oil tho marriage ; — that is not breaking with you for over, Cyril "And when will your fathermako up his mind to lot you go ?" ho asked. "You know that every day you aro slipping farther and further away from me, because every day you become more necessary to him. When will you find tho cou rage to leavo him and como out to mo — if you have not got it now ?" " Ho is too good and kind to break my heart," sho said. "Surely, Eome timo of his own accord' ho will lot me go." "Novor!" said Cyril firmly. "Of his own accord, Stella — never ! If you havo not tho courage to insist on it and to come, ho will never, never let yon go ! " "Indeed you misjudge him, Cyril ! You do,' darling! Ho is broken now by poor mamma's death, but ho will becomo more reconciled as timo goes on, and then we can ho married without pain ing him as it would now if I wore to leave him.. Think what it wonld bo to him to lose wife and daughter both in a few months ! And he so loving and so sonsitive— bo dependent' on home love and care for his happiness." "All this means simply that you lovo your father better than you lovo rao, and that you are ready to sacrifice mo to him," Baid Cyril with quiot sternness. "We will call tilings by their right names, Stella. It is a struggle of lovo, in which I am the weaker and go to tho wall," "Not tiiat," she answered, the tears welling into her eyes, " I lovo my father dearly, as you know, and reverence and admire him as I havo been taught all my lifo to do — as mamma rever enced and admired him— but I love you too, Cyril; you know that I do. It is not a struggle of love, but it isa matter of conscience and duty. Cannot yon soo tho difference ? Cannot you, Cyril?" It was his turn now to look away. His faco was pale and set ; his eyes were fixed and mourn ful ; his heart was sorcand his pride was wounded. Sho did lliou of her own freo will profor her father to him ; and it was not coercion so much us voluntary resignation. l'hc thundor roared and shook tho littlo build ing where thoy wcro sheltered ; tho lightning flashed and streamed in fiery tongues and flam ing sheets ; and tho' rain poured as if tho win dows of hoavon had been oponed for tho second time, and tho fury of tho deluge had been let loose on tho earth. But neither Cyril nor Stella saw what wa3 going on in tho world outside. Tho storm of grief and despair, of passion, of per plexity, of lovo warring with duty, which raged within their hearts was greater than that of tho elements without ; and tho thunder and tho lightning and the rain which tore, and flashed and fell, were but the natural accompaniments of the passion that shook them to the soul, and the anguish which made them desolate. "Cannot you sco the difference, Cyril?" sho said again, her hand stealing into his. " Do you doubt that I lovo you ?" " Y'ou lovo mo?" ho said, with a strong effort. How harsh and changed his voice was ! Sho would not havo known it for his had thoy boon in tho dark. ".Yes ; I believe you do to a cer tain extent. But you lovo your father better, und prefer his convonionce to my happiness." "If I could leave any one with bim to take, ciro of him and make him happy. I wonld not hesitato for a moment," aatd Stella, with snddon passion. " It is not that I love him bolter — you know that it is not fihat, Cyril ; it is only be cause ho is my father, and it is my duty. Oh, you will break my heart if you look like that — if you believe that I do not love you 1" Her girlish bashfulncss, her prido of maiden hood, hor shame-faccd reticence, all wore gone- swept away by the storm of passion as the tender littlo buds and delicate flowers were broken nnd destroyed beneath the heavy delngo of rain. Sho flung her arms round him, and carried his head to her bosom. "Cyril, say that you believe me," she said, her lips-, for the first time unasked, pressed to his. " My own, my lovo, say that you do uot doubt me." He felt his advantage, and ho used it. "If you cannot como with me— if you think it . your duty to stay for. a little while longer 'with your father — at least make things sure. Marry uio before f go, if even yoirstuy behind, and como out . afterwards." He spoke without any outward sign of emotion; still with that Htrange absence oi boyish pleading and with that stranger weight and gravity of a mature man. "With papa's consent — yes ! — yes ! — gladly!" said Stella. " Will thatsatisfy you, Cyril?— then indeed I will !" "With your father's consent or without it?" he said. She shrank back. Tho flood-gates which had koen lifted began gradually to close down on tho turbulence that had been let loose for a few mo ments, The prido of her maidenhood, .the reti- cence and shamc-facedncss of her girlish mo desty, tho purity of her truth, tho wholeness of her duty, all sent back tho rushiug flood abont her heart and cleared her eyes of their mist of passion - "Without papa's consent I could not," she said, faltering, " I could neither openly disobey him nor lire a lifo of deception. You yoursolf would not respect me, 'Cyril, if I could." " Ah ! it is just as I thought," bosaid, with sudden bitterness. " Great heavens, do women know liow much they torture tho men who love them ! All of no use !— all to no good ! I am distanced and ent off I No, Stella, this is not love i It is preference — friendship— fancy — but not lore I Not the lovo I havo for you. Ask anything of me," ho continued/his passion rising as hers calmed ; " ack my very life, and I would givelil you 1 You could not ask anything of me, Stella, that I would refuse. Nothing in tho wholo wido world !" " If I asked you to do something that I thought dishonorable and wrong, you would not do that, Cyril 1" sho answered, half frigUtoncd, and half trying to soothe him. " Yes, I would I" bo cried. " I would go to perdition for you. I wonld givo yon my very soul." Just tlion a blinding flash of lightning soomed. to sot tho whole place in a blaze, and tho thundor crashed right abovo the frail ; littlo tenomcnt where they were sitting. Stella wns wiso and Bcnsiblo enough, but she was impressionable, and as apt for superstitious fancies as any other girl of bor kind and ago. ' "Hash, Cyril ! this is blasphemy," sho criod, clinging to him in torror. "Romombor, God hears ns, and scos ns, and reads onr hearts. Yon offend God when yon talk-liko this." Her terrified voice and clinging touch— hor pole, scared faco and spiritual distress, broke down all tho now force and manly strength which had come Into him. He covered his faco with his hands, and burst into those tcrriblo tears whieh more than any else in tho world agonise the woman who loves and humiliate the man who is loved. " Cyril, do not cry I" she said in a low, etill, sliockod voice. " You aro breaking my heart. I do not know yon likc this. Cyril look up. Do not lot yourself give way liko this. Oh, darling, lot us pray to God to givo us strength to do what is right and what is His will ! There is no hap piness for us if you do what is wrong, and what wo know to bo wrong." But poor Cyril wns in no state to ho soothed. Ho had to fight' out tho 8ght by hunsolf, and to brace himsolf to bear tho inevitable, as ho folt best for himself. " Pure and honest for his own part, ho could not tempt Stolia to do what sho folt to ho wrong. If ho could havo changed her heart at this moment, and for her owu higher morality havo sub stituted ono weaker, lower and more yield ing to lovo, ho would ; but ho could not tempt hor into what sho felt to bo immoral and dishonorable Ho had to rocogniso and accept hor virtue. Ho was foot to foot with facts ; aud ho was cast. Ho must givo up all his hope, his prido, his dosiro. Stella had elected to stand by her father; and sho had laid hor conscience as tha pledge. Ho must abide by her decision; bnt it was a bitter nWard ; and ho felt as if death would havo been a more morciful decree. " You shall not do what you think wrong, for mo," ho said at last, his bloodless lips quivering. " I wonld rather have you pure in your own conscience than that you should do what you think wrong for my sake. If you fee! it right, I will give you up. It is like parting with, my life to-say this ; but, if you feol it right, I must.' " Not givo mo up, Cyril ! — only wait till papa is more reconciled to his loss. This is not giving mo up, darling !" she said anxiously. "It is tho beginning of the end," he re turned. " If I leave England now, I shall never soo you again." " Would you wish not to-seo me again? Would you rather give mo up 'entirely than keep mo for a short timo in hope ?" asked Stella, in a low voice. Ho caught hor eagerly to his heart, and smoothed back tho hair from her face. " My love ! my love I" he said, with infinite tenderness, with loving reverence. " I would wait for you to tho end of my life, if you would come to me then ! Givo you up, Stella? I givo yteu np ? Nover, my darling, nevor. If we wero separated, it is of yonr will, not mine. You are mine to tho ond of my lifo . — my own, my lovo ! I could novor givo yon up, never cease to lovo you ; nover possibly lovo another !" Tho storm had passed, and tho sun had como out. That last tremendous outbreak had been tho lost expression of its fnry. Tho rain drops still glittered on tho grass and trees, hut the birds began to sing in the woods, tho flowers raised their drooping beads, the butterflies and irri- doscent flies camo out from thoir leafy shelters ; the storm had passed indeed ; bnt outside this summer house the plot of Mary lilies which Stella had planted with her own hands -was a broken mass of tangled wreck, and tbe tender buds of all tho delicate flowers were beateu into tho- ground — never to rise, novor to bloom, never ' to gladdon tbo air with thoir sweetness, nor to reoeive tho sun's ray's into their fragrant hearts. " Como and seo papa," then said Stolia softly. " Thostorm has gone now. Come and talk to him." , " It is-of no uso," said Cyril sadly. " I under stand him hotter than you do." " Then you understand how sweet and noblo ho is," said Stella, speaking from tho force of old impressions and lifo-long training, and forgetting for the instant that painful -little passage-at- arms — presage of so mncli worse to come — which had taken place betwoen them some days ago. Cyril turned away. Suffering had enlightened him on Mr. Rranscombe'a real claim to tho pos session of thoso qualities for which his wife's deli berate devotion and his daughter's simplicity of belief had givon him credit. " I will go in and sco hira, of course," he said, after a pause". " I would not like him to think that I had boon here in secret and was ashamed or afraid to face him." "Oh, Cyril, how good you aro !" cried Stella. Sho looked up into his faco, enthusiasm, love, devotion in her own. Her largo delicate eyes wero dork with tenderness ; her sweot fresh lips wore a littlo paited; hor wholo heart was throbbing with passionate and high-strung admiration. For tho instant she forgot that Bho had any qauso for sorrow. She remembered only that sho loved — and that her gladness lay i& tho grandeur of her beloved. Cyril could not nnswor her. Her enthusiasm was born of his heart-break — hor praise camo because of his submission to the terms of his de spair. He could not return it ovon for gratitude. " Good and great !" ho echoed bitterly. " My Stella, say rather how weak and miserablo ! Ono more kiss," be then said, turning to her with less of the foverishnoss of lovo than the melancholy resignation of death. "I asked you to be my wife in tliis summer-house. Do yon romombor, Stella? — I watched your window from it tho . first timo I came down after wo were engaged. Givo mo now our last parting kiss — perhaps the last we shall ever havo— our very last on- earth !" "It is not our' last," she said with strange confidence, borno up she knew not how, over the weakness and surging sorrow of the moment. "Our last for the immediate present— but we havo a future, Cyril, and a glorious one. Wo havo a future of true lovo, of - mutual respect and of happiness." Chapter YYTV.— Tuk Fixal Akswep. "My child ! where havo you boon during this' terrible storm ?': said Mr. Branscombe, when Stella, with Cyril following closo behind, wont into bar father's studio to report herself and pre sent her lover. " I hare-been in tbo most acuto mental anguish on your account — the most heart breaking anxiety." For a gentloman, however, who had boon in this great anxiety, as lie said, Mr. Branscombo looked smooth and unruffled enough. Also, ho bad not boon idlo ; for ho had painted in a largo piece of Hortcnsia's gown — tho folds perhaps a little fanciful,- seeing that, . liko most talen ted, amateurs, be. worked by the light of imagination, only) disdaining tho dull prose'of a-model.- How.- ever that might bo, he' had ovidontly' occupied 1 himsolf during his daughter's absence, and had thrown off his mental distress by means of tho eccontric curves nnd impossible cross shadows which represented his ideas of drapery. "I was undnr.sheltor, papa," said Stolia, in a strange voice. Now that she bad como into tbo actual presonce of her father— tho father, not of hor imagination, but of her ovcryday lifo — tho exalted confi dence of her lato mood suddenly cooled and slackened. " Whore ?" ho asked, not. looking up. In tho summer-house," she&aid.; "Thostorm overtook Cyril and mo as we came up the drivo from the Lodge." "Cyril? Cyril? What Cyril?" asked Mr. Brans combe with a vague air, as if searching in his memory for the imago that should be attached to that naiuo. " Cyril Fonsonby, sir ; Stella's affianced hus band," said Cyril, coming forward, and speaking in a calm, clear, lovol voice. "Oh, Cyril Ponsonby, is it ! Gad, my dear fol low, I had forgotten you !" said Mr. Br luscorabe, with careless amip.hiliiy. "And what in heaven's namo has brought you up hero on such a day?" Ho spoko as if Cyril had coiac in from next door ; and.na if hd had been hero only yesterday, and might bo here again to-morrow. "I came to see you andfltoUa," said Cyril. " Vastly obliging !" said Mr. Branacirabe with his beet-bred smile, temicred with mciancliolyas his eye caught. tho band of crape on the tn of his velvet coat, aud lio remembered all the tin cu instances in which bo stood. , In tho first flush of surpriso ho had rcmsm. bered only tho ono fact— that Cyril wanted to I tako Stolia from him : with tho determination of a rider, that oho should not go. . "I am going to India in less than thrco weeke now," began Cyril ; "and I havo como to ask Stella to marry and como with mo." Mr. Branscombo put his head on ono side, the better to cxamino tho effect of hia latest bit of cross-hatching. "I thought all that was 'arranged and done with," ho said,' quietly. : "Whon I had last the pleasure of seeing you I remember we discussed that question fully— exhausted it to the List fibre. It was agreed then, I think, that Stcli . would not leavo me— at least for tho first year of her mourning ; that sho should not commit tho in- I delicacy of treading on tho heels of her mother's funeral as a brido givon up to Circoan pleasures. Why re-open a closed book, my young friend! Do you not think we havo enough to do with things present and te como, without going back on thoso which aro sealed and past?" "I do not -hold this matter to be scaled and past," said Cyril. "I was willing to concede something to your grief at tho sudden shock ol your loss, but I did not givo up my claims. J waived thorn for tho immediate moment, but I hold lo them as absolute." " I think you gavo them up so far as any defi nition of timo— n,ny express limitation of bus. ponded rights— Went," retnmed Mr. Branscombe, | smoothly. " It was agreed, if I remember aright I — expressly agroed— that Stella should'not marry I this yoar ; therefore that sho could not go out to j India with yon in September. . Indeed, I imagine I you would scarcely prevail on bcr to desert ino iu I the heartless manner proposed by you. Such a I dutiful nnd pious child as she would hardly be I guilty of an act whorein .indecency would hi I equalled only by irreligion." " I think, too, that Stella remombors a little what is duo to mo and hor promise," said Cyril, always spoaking in that calm, clear, level reici which betrays tho coiisciousnoss of struggle -even more than tho loud tonos of expressed excite, ment — and with tho consciousness of straggly tho prescneo of hidden force. " Duty to parents com.cs first in a good girl'i catalogue of virtnes," said Mr. . Branscombo. "And faithfulness to a promise— fidelity toe husband — aro also virtues .which hold rank ig her mind," Cyril answered back. " Whon sho has tho hnsband, yes," said Mr. Branscombo, with a slightly- contemptuous smila, " A foolish boy- and girl engagement can scarcely claim tbo appellation which includes tho sacred tie of marriage." " A foolish boy and girl engagement ? I do not understand you, sir," said Cyril hastily. "No? Yot I speak plainly, do I not? Iusoue technical terms, do I ?" Mr. Branscombo asked this 'question with tbi simplest air of transparent candor ; as if eincerolj wishing to bo answered and instructed. " Not technical terms, hut unintelligible ones- words which do not apply to tho case in hand," said Cyril. " No ? You are now unintelligible to mo, mj dear fellow," he answered, smiling. "Explain yourself." ... " I do not think I nocd, Mr. Branscombe. When you can call .a solemn engagement liki Stella's and mine — an cngagoment sanctioned by both you and hor dear mother— an engagomoni which this very mouth, almost this very day, win to be fulfilled by our marriage — when you can sneer at this as a foolish boy and girl affair, then I think I have the right to ask- you foryoui meaning, on tho ground that you are unintelli gible." " Oh, that is whoro tho crux lies !" said Mr, Branscombo. " I am sorry if I have offended your suscoptibilitics. I am always sorry to wound tho feelings of any one." "Dear papa," murmured Stella, still in tha region of faith as siio was. "Still, Imnstkoep to my nomenclature," be continued. "Iu spite of all you pay say, I main, tain the folly, the unfitness aijd tho undesira- biiity of this affair. "Unfitness? Undesirability ?' said Cyril, al most as if in a dream. "Frankly speaking, my dear fellow," Mr. Branscombo went on to say with imperturbable calm, " you are not tho kind of husband I would have chosen for Stella. Hermothor, sainted soul! liked you— you are, I sunposo, tho kind of thing women do liko — and as I was always tbo attentive interpreter of my good Matilda's wishes, as also I thought that tho motbor had perhaps moro right to regnlato tho danghtor's lifo than had oven the father, I gave in to hor desire and sanctioned tin engagement because sho had endorsed it. But now when, by the mysterious dccroo of Providenca shobas been romouod from this earthly sphere, and I am left sole guardian of my child, I must use my own discretion, act according to my own ideas, and regnlato her lifo as I think best for her hap. piness here and hereafter. Wo cannot bo guided by thtyounsels of the dead. Though I am sorry to distress you and annoy my child, I must speak plainly; and, plainly, I do not approve of this en gagement. " "Mr. Branscombe!" "Papa!" said tho two young people in a broath. " And it Stella is tho dutiful daughter I he- liovo her to bo," said Mr. Branscombe, in conclu sion, not heeding thoso two passionate ejacula tions; "she will give it up now at onco, hero in this room, and in ray hearing. " - " Papa ! papa I I cannot ! " criod poor Stella, instinctively turning to Cyril. Tbo young pian put his arm round bor, and hold hor to him in the attitudo of protection. "Sho will not leavo mC," ho said, a littlo tri umphantly. 