ACTION FOR SLANDER. In the Supreme Court on Wednesday (before the Chief Justice and a jury of four), the hearing of an action for slander — L. Waugh against W. j. Watson— was commenced. Mr. Pilcher and Mr. Stephen, instructed by Mr. Gordon, for the'plaintiff ; Mr. Darley, Q.C., and Sir George Inues, instructed by Messrs. Gannon and M'Laughlin, for the defend ant. The declaration set out that the plaintiff was a stock and station agent, residing at Grenfell, and was also agent for the New Zealand Insurance Company. An insuree named John Young had a claim against the company of £1100, and had requested the plaintiff to obtain that sum for him from the company. The defendant, knowing that the plaintiff was so engaged by Mr. Young, said, ' Young is making a great mistake. He wants Waugh to collect tins money. Surely he would not let a man like Waugh do that.' To this slander, on which the declaration w-is based, the defendant pleaded not guilty. The facts of the plaintiff's case were as follows : — Some time ago a Mr. Young effected an insurance for £1150. The premises insured having been destroyed by fire, the plaintiff, as agent for the company, reported tliat the insurance money should be paid, less a small sum for salvage, and Mr. Young authorized the plaintiff, as his ageut, to obtain tho money for him from the company. At this time the policy was lying at the City Bank, Young, for safe custody. The policy -ras at once demanded from the bank ; but, as it was not immediately given up, Mrs. Young went for her hus band to the bank on the 24th of February, 1880, to demand the policy, in order tliat she might give it up to the plaintiff. The defendant, who was at the bank at the time, said, ' Surely to goodness you will never truBt £1100 in Waugh's hands ?' On the 20th of February a written demand for the policy was served on the City Bank by Mr. Young in the presence of Mr. Gordon. While engaged on this business the defendant came to the bank and called.. Mr. Gordon out, and said, ' Young is making a great mistake. He wants Waugh to collect this money. Surely he would not let Waugh do that ? All I object to is allowing tlie agent to collect £1150 — the idea of allowing a man like Waugh to receive £1150 1' The policy had never been assigned to the defendant, but it appeared that at the time of the fire the defendant held Mr. Young's bills for about £900, and held also some security over his stock in trade. For the defence, the slanderous words alleged to have, been uttered, and on which the action was based, were denied. The defendant considered that the indebtedness of Mr. Young to him gave him a right to have the policy transferred to him. Whatever words were used, they were not slanderous, because they could be only understood as having reference to this right, and not to. the plaintiff's character. [by telegrath.] In the slander action Waugh against Watson, a verdict for plaintiff for £150 damages was returned. The costs will be very heavy. Laud. — The demand for Burrowa town allotments seems to be very greatly on the increase, as might easily be inferred from the kite sale. The prices then ob tained per acre should be an inducement to large land proprietors who hold properties adjoining the town to sub divide their land into allotments, and thus give all an opportunity of securing building sites, for it was noticeable that many persons were unable to secure allotments at the late sale by Mr. Hancock ; and hence the hot competi tion for many portions. Some of the land sold fetched as high as £120 per acre. The lots most in favour seemed to be those near the Court-house and R.C. church property ; and now that the town cannot extend more westerly than it is, awing to the BaUyryan estate abutting along the western boundary, we would suggest, without presuming for a moment to offer advice, that landowners would observe the importance of this fact. Tlie hind across the street from tlie Ballyryan property some time ago brought as high as £160 the acre. This and many other like examples should tend to induce the testing of a westerly extension of Burrowa. Bubbowa. Police Court. — At the Burrowa Polioe Court, on Wednesday, Johanna Devine, Patrick Hoy, and Charles Penrose pleaded guilty to the charge of allowing pigs and goats to stray about the streets, and were each mulct in a penalty of 5s., and costs of court 5s. Cd. — — Daniel Reid, poundkeeper at Reid's Flat, appeared to the snnunons of Senior sergeant Hitch, at tlie. instance of the Burrowa Bench of Magistrates, to show cause why he should not be relieved of his appointment, having been thrice, within the past three months, convicted of offences against the provisions of the Impounding Act Defendant wanted to resign, but the Bench declined to accede to the request, as he had put the Crown to every trouble in following up the con victions. Order : That defendant be re moved from the office of poundkeeper at Reid's Flat from 1st March next, and to pay £1 lis. 6d. costs of prosecution. Mr, O'Brien appeared for the Crown. (Messrs. Wotton, A. E. Middleton, and E. Deer were the presiding magistrates.) — — On Monday (before Mr. Wotton), Joseph. Ross was charged with being drunk and disorderly, using obscene language, and destroying police uniform, was fined in all 20s. , in default three days' niprisonment. TfeoauoBS. — [From our correspond ent] The Local Wants Committee held their monthly meeting at the old school room on Saturday lost, the 5th inst A letter from the member for the district, Mr T. M. Slattery. (of which the enclosed is a copy) was read. Pending further ectiori by Mr. Slattery in the various matters brought under his notice no other business was done, and the meeting was adjourned to the first Saturday in March. The following is Mr. Slattery's letter :— 'Sydney, 15th January, 188L Dear Sir,— I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 12th inst , informing me that a Frogmore Local Committee had been formed, of which you have been ap pointed president and secretary, and enclosing a list of some of your pressing, wants. I am much pleased, I assure you, to be placed in the position of having to correspond with, and attend to every thing coming from a committee, and your just request shall have my best and immediate attention. Your portion of the district, as well as the whole electo rate, has been most scandalously treated, and I know it will be no easy matter for me to get a little justice done to it for some time. All I can do is to try and urge and press on the Government what is sadly required. This is best done quietly, and not by motions or -questions in the House. I will communicate to you the result of my interviews with the various Ministers. — Yours faithfully, T. M. Sxatteey. Eynon Deer, Esq., J.P., Frogmore.' Tub Dog Nuisance. — Representations having been made to the Government in respect to the nuisance caused by dogs going at large, the public are again re minded that the police have received im perative, instructions to destroy all dogs found at large after this date without collars liaving the name and address of the owners engraved thereon. Sydney Stock Report. — At the opening fat stock sales at Homebush this week no clianges in value took place. About 1100 head of cattle were sold, best beef realizing from 12s. fid. to 13. per 100 lbs. 5100 cattle were penned, few of them of good quality ; 56-lb. sheep were quitted at 8s. Messrs. Harrison, JoneB and Devlin report having sold 1100 ewes and wethers for Mr. John Leitch, of Berry Jerry, at 6s. 3d ; 475 wethers from Eunonyliareenha, at 7s. ; and 960 from Cobbagumbalin, from 6s. 10d. to 7s. The 'Agb' on Sm Henuy Parkes.— The Melbourne Age publishes a violent attack on Sir Henry Parkes. It says Sir Henry ' made the most of his oppor tunities at Albury ; but then he always does improve the shining hour. It has been his leading principle throughout life. It was by making the most of his oppor tunities tliat he elevated himself from the position of a dealer in toys to that of the Premier of New South Wales, a Knight Commander of St. Michal and St. George. His political enemies have sometimes said that in the way he makes use of his opportunities, Sir Henry is ju&t; a little unscrupulous. The calumy was asserted of the honourable gentleman at the time when he conducted the jEmpire news paper ; upon the occasions when he figured in the Sydney Insolvency Court ; when he hanged the wretched maniac, O'Farrel ; when he traded upon the religious animosities which periodically disgrace New South Wales ; when lie enacted a Treason Felony Bill, which made it a penal offence not to drink the Queen's health with three times three ; when he believed, or professed to believe, in the Kiama ghost ; when he pardoned the bushranger Gardiner, in defiance of all respectable public opinion ; and when he destroyed the old records of the colony, iu ordei that society in New South Wales might never be made to blush for its ancestors. But the persons who charge Sir Henry Parkes with being unscrup ulous are his political enemies, and every body knows that the criticism of one's enemies is apt to be a little unjust.' Db. Lanigan. — From a private letter, received by a gentleman in this city yesterday, we learn tliat his Lordship Dr. Lauigan, Bishop of Goulburn, left Ply mouth on the 24th of January, in the s.s. Norfolk, bound for New Zealand. HiB Lordship wishes to see New Zealand, and from thence he will sail to Sydney. Our readers will be glad to learn that he is in excellent health, and expects to be in Sydney in about fifty days from the date of his letter. — Southern Argus. The Edithbu-rg Mubdeb. — Kubale, tlie supposed murderer of the girl who was found in bed with her skull smashed near Edithburg, has confessed, more or less admitting having murdered his daughter. He says that he was at Edith burg on Tuesday afternoon and tliat he there partook of a quantity of beer. When he got home he drank much colonial wine and went fast asleep on the sofa. Some time during the night he got up, suffering considerably from the mix ture of drink of which he had partaken. He then went to bed again in his daughter's room. He denies having struck the girl a blow with a bottle as stated, but says he must have struck her with the. bottom of a heavy tumbler. The deceased never left her bed. She must have been struck a violent blow ; but her father says he has no distinct recollection of actually doing so. He gives no reason for tlie crime ; but when the supposed motive was suggested to him he hesitated, and ultimately said 'no.' It is generally believed that he will make a full con fession of the crime. SHOCKING SUICIDE AT BRISBANE. — Patrick Maunsell of South Brisbane cut his throat on Saturday last. Mrs. Maun- sell and his children were away at North Brisbane, and only a little boy aged eleven years remained at home. This one he sent away for some tobacco, and when the boy returned he found the whole place shut up and the blinds down. When his mother returned she found the key in the back yard, and opened the door only to discover the horrible suicide that her husband had committed. He was quite dead, with a frightful gash across his throat, and a great quantity of blood streaming on the floor. Near the corpse was a sharp pruning-knife, the instrument he had used in his self-destruction. The windpipe was completely severed, as also the arteries and smaller veins in the region. The deceased was aged about fifty-three, and the possessor of consider- able property ; but in his domestic life, it is alleged, there were troubles that gradually brought on despondency. — Telegram to Evening News. A man who gave the name of Thomas Wilkinson was recently arrested at Deuiliquin for horse-stealing, and he is believed to be identical with one Smith or Rowan, who is suspected of having murdered his mate at Yalca, in Victoria. A sad death by drowning recently took place at Brunswick, Victoria. A little daughter of the Rev. W. R. Hiddlestone was playing in the room with her father. While his attention was otherwise engaged the child overbalanced herself and fell into the bath. She was not missed for some time, and when discovered was dead. 