PORT AUGUSTA. Fn. in mir own Correspondent. J Janmirv 7. Since I last wrote we have had Faiivinugh for two evenings. The attendance was mode rate, but by no means up to the merit of the great elocutionist. We have also had a com pany named the Hibernian troupe, which nl.-ivod for several nights, of whom the less that is said the better. We had a case in Court yesterday, in which the proverb as to looking a gift horse in the uiouth was certainly not applicable. The case appeared to be as follows '1 he owner of a freehold run near Mount Remark able had a man travelling with some valuable ranis, some of which got footsore, and coinlu t be taken to their de.iLinat'.on except at a very glow pace. Under the-m ivreninstanei':;. the driver finding more congenial occupation ar a publichouse about throe aides from Port Augusta took up Iris quarters there for some time, and in a moment of extreme generosity presented his troublesome lh>ck of seven rains to the landlord, who, being also a butcher, forthwith turned thorn into mutton. The owner of the animals, however, did not concur in this proceeding, and brought an action against the publican for the value of the sheep, the result being that the gift cost him £50. The Port Augusta Literary Society having resolved to go into recess during the next two months, held their closing soiree last evening. The attendance was not very large — about thirty persons being present. I'lie programme consisted of music anil singing, an exhibition of magic, and a contest in verse. The singing was very good, and the magic startling in its etlbets, but the compe tition among our poets was a failure, as only one champion appeared. The poem which was read, however, w;is far above the common in point of merit, and I would have obtained it for you but tor the fact that it has already been published. I enclose, how ever, the following verses which were com posed impromptu and read towards the close of the meeting by one of the members. Pray forgive that I did not prepare To join in the contest of rhyming. As I wished to see how my friends fare While the slopes of Parnassus they're climbing. But alas ! for the contest in ver.se ; And alas, for the sons of Apollo! Their apathy grows worse and worse. Ami prose beats the Muses ail hollow. Instead of a mustering throng There is only one poet competing ; The other great master of song From the conflict in terror retreating. Well, since there's no more to compete, On their merits there can be no quarrel ; And our one poet's verses so sweet Must certainly gaiu him the laurel. Since hot weather will spirits depress, Our poets we hope will be bolder When, after we've been in recess, Wc meet while the evenings are colder. Our soirees we always enjoy, For the ladies they sweeten our coffee. We welcome them, just as a hoy j Would welcome unlimited toffee. : The music is eyer a treat, j It is said that it charms savage nations ; i And when such musicians we meet ! We owe them at least grate, latioiis. j The magic ; of fish, more than ' 'w j Are stranger than snapper ami mullet ; j Bid in this one department of fun | The oucerest of all tish is lluilett. Our sight and our hearing lie mocks, And cheats us right under our noses ; \ Can bring all sorts of things tr-un his box, j From ghosts down to bouquets of rose3. I In slaughter so well has he sped — j He can beat e'en the giant of Mmiaghau, j As he not only cuts off a head, 1 But cleverly fastens it on again. . By this one test his merits to lump We may dub him of wizards top;sawyc-r, For by turning him into a puinp He got ink. from a very dry lawyer. j Had he lived a few centuries before j And had this hanky-panky bsen trying, I As reward for his magical lore i He'd have gained a hot stake and been frying, i One word more, a word of ian-wri! j To one who is here for the last time, ; Whose assistance our records will tell 1 Both iu works of improvement and pastime, j Where'er Mr. Richmond may go, j While in pleasant or sad retrospection, j It may not be unwelcome to know j That we think of him still with affection. j 