CONGREGATIONAL UNION OP QUEIENS LAND. The ainnual meeting of the above Union was com iencel last esening in the Congre-ational Church. It hal leen previously asnonmed tlhat a public meeting would he held in the church, at which the IPresiHlet's adrehsS wohld bIe given. It has beenii usual, on lhe'5ious occasions, to dleliver this atldress at the mieeting of delegaltes to thl Union, but the departure, in this respect, will teid to invest the proceedings with lmore general interest. The meet ing last evoenlng was of a prelniinary elnracter as viewed in coecetion writh the business of to-day, and devotional exercises were tiken pnrt in by the congriegation. The 1ev. '. .T. P'eppe;r, acting-pre nidliut csoducted the ser\vice, end hle wias assisteil Ihy the Iteys. (. Greeinwood anud M. Dixonl, and by iMessis. R. F. Whitchsul and J. .1'Nonght. The mlajolity of the ministers arl delegates dild iot appear to 1o present, aid they will prlhsabily arrivec this moling. After about an hour lsad been spent in devotional exercies, Mr. PpltER said that ihe felt thanUkful that his duties lhaid come to a close that night, and that lihe was ahbout to rsiegn the chairmanship to one more nable to undertake the dulties apper~tahing to it than himself. He was pleased that they had once more induced Mr. GrifllHth to take thie chair. T $he Idv. E. GurC'rrit tlhe eaiiie foru'ard and readl thi prelident' s adlress, of which thle following gian esumE:-d • Dr. D'Aubigne, the renowned and talented author 'of-he "History of the leformation," whlen called for-an nldress at a mnlceting of tile Congregatiollal Union, dwelt 'inch onl tile fact that to English Con gtgationalists there was attached a noble history sa hiistmoyf struggles, of tu-implis, of exploits, and of elndlrauil l which tile men of that genelrationll o-ght-tofeel. as by it an ohligation was laid on them to act as worthy dlesceldants of nohle irles. These words were spollken miore than thiirty ynears ago, by the renowned historian, and we, thoughl deeply feel ing the want of interest taken ill the history of our ldenomination of to-day, felly endoie that utterance, asd deeply feel the truth of what blacauley said, that those nwho take no interest i' tile study of tihe history of tihe nation will do nothing towarls addll ing a page to that ihistory. Breothlrenll, we are to-day connected writhl a history of which I venture to rc mind you in connection with our colony and clharclles. On October 15, 1801, tile Queenslandl Congregational Unllionl was formled. There were tllell thrllce clluclresi of our order in the colony. That Imeetinllg was held in Brllisbane. Of tie delegates anld ministers thlen present, four have passed away to rest .and four remainill ildentified with us. Tile Union hals tihus completed its twentieth year. 'IThle oblject sought iu its formation na' iaide, and iiteidled iot only to meet what miighlt ie possible at tihe time of its forlmatio.n, olt wlhat mighlt Ie reiliisite in the fiuture." The obljects soughtlt wereo tile sane as those lnow expressed ill our roles, and at the first meeting held it was resolved that a petitioa to 1'arihament on the edcation qies tios be l'epared biy the secretaly. )Daiger was ap parent in those early days of our colony fromn tihe same ecclesiastical soirce as that whlichl tluceatens it still, and tlhenI, as now, the necessity existed for taking lirim action. even tlhoughl, bly dloing so, we shouli le exposedl, as we werel, to tihe clharge of bieig political. It sn-as not tihat we as Clhiistiaiis and Cogregatioualists imalale thheimatter political: it was so made by the party nwho to-dayarle emiployilg everly means to gain sulpremlacy, amd we slioueld hae lbeen truant to our prinlciples, recri?at in duty to our Lordl and Master if, tlhroughl fear of thie ibugbear of reproach.as being political, we hadl held our tongues qor sta.yed our lhalls. The reproachl--if, indleedl, it wrclc a reproach-- we were reasly not only to hear liut to gloiy in. The formation of tile Union at that date lwas thougllt to bie lalesature The assistoie nllfereal it was small. an. t tile purpoCsl deiguiledl were often unaccomplished: iut we can look hack uipon thle past witliut a Ilsh of shamei. We see results far ahelad of wilit evenl our presect nuimeri-al sir tlglgl mlight ihave expectetd. At the first conmittee llmeetilng steps were also ttakei to providethenmeansforan st.-rtat Rock ihamipton; alnd to incorporate the Unlionl under tile l" Religious, Educational, andl Charitable Institu tions Act," which ihad bieen closely watchedl iln its p?ssage tllough tihe Legislative Assembly hy tlhe 'resident, who soeeeedoi in getting a clause iitro dluced into it tllhat prievellnted the acuisition of pro perty' from dying penllitOnts is e.rrlmll. Uilcer the operation of that Act, land is now held in varioos localities of outr colony, and in miore tlhan one in stance has pIrol-eity thiue ieen preservedl from nalienation. The progress of the Union during tlses tlwenty years Ihais beei fraughlt withl ilterestilng incildents, lit thle comniittee have ibeen liampered Iby the want of ilealls and0 other causes or draw backs. ''lThere are spots'IuniccIupied to-day whichI we shoul holil as a ldenomlination. lFrom the filst itwiras our runlo nIot to eclter on gSrolnld a:lready oc cupied by evanigelical Clhristiais, wcin the losditics werethlinlypopulated. Sta'ting with three chmrches we steadily adl\\-auced, and to-dlay report that regullar services arle maiint-iieli in upwarais of forty pilaces. ilsides prealchilng-stations. O)ii ilit:uary tells of the loving, clear-thlinkinug, logical ])lirane; of the lhard-working, mnucelh-sulleriug lDraper : of tile shorit liveld, liut hioly ald earuiest Scholield ;ud SHelway, anlosgst the mioisnury; ndl of relmovals firoii our diaconate--Robert Cribi, jon., lBeijamini Criih, George Rleauding, Robert lournle, anld Hlenry Keid. Froim ily post of oitlook I see ii'lakers aheahl. llt they are of the same sort as those we hae already enlcoluntered. There miay lie, ald 1 think there is, anil inltenllsity aloult some of themi to-day that i somll respects haIs inever ibeen surpaossed. 'This only lills us to hie increasingly cirlcumspect, for il eery dilliculty tllhereis risk cither of orer-estimatiig or uiderraluing its strength aund our powers of resistsllce. Cougregxationalism, from its very constitteione, r'equires that those who adhere to it sholul ih £piritually-sudded. The lmanagcmnet of the Church oeiug within itself, and the adissioion to the Church Ibeiag yItsed l on a state of heart rtheler than on a cos dition of minel, recognises this position. There are modes adopted for the aslsancements of some deno insistional interests wslich we eoxnot stoop to imi tate nos bIe consistent with our principlers. It is not by sensational alvertisements, nior hy appalls to piassion,. that we dare, ill accordance withl our prin ciples, nim to adrance tile kihgdoom whose King lidl sot lift up n or cauise His voice to bie heard in the streets. With osole of te axlvertis.emetos in refer enee to religious services, 1 feel niot merely amazed, ilbt shocked. These plaus are attractivee: thle plea is, therefore, that they are justili:sle Ibeceuse geool smay come out of themi. The feelings aire excited at the expense of tile intellet and soul, andi the spirit of contitnuel plswever;auce iin well-doing is givcl upI for x spirit owhich has been fairly described as " one of ever starting anl never rieaching. ev-er repenltilng and never e slosing to onixusl." Ilstead of steady walk, there is tie hsop. skip, iand jump, aii d thie re sults are ephemerel. Like Js.lon's glsurs, there is a Ix-ngg u in a iighit, as a perishing ini a eighit. The wsssst of pe'sistecey in the gooxi old patis, the iapparently increasing dlisslsition to bie wicer thans the (,ea?t Teacher Jiimsself in thie worik He has ldefined, we mxust ldeal with ns wiose imsster.l-uilers and gss od sotwoxrds of thle Gospel of Christ. With us CesIIus illn His majesity, Jesus as tle alone Sxaviour. .Jesos as tile coistnllt helper, Jesus as foriedl in tile hiarlt, Jesus as thie life iandI thie light. musot Ie all our tillelne. WVhilst thus pjr"ix(ehxtly keeliig iu mins that we are dlellsees a-s s dllmlillsii;t tixnx to maxilnt:xi th truthsl eutrustl lx; u ini refeiec to man's ruin hy sin, IIanls red.C mption i thle obedIienee aid dleath of Jesusi, axnxd max 0 rinex';sl Iby tile power of lithe ,ly Ghost, we sintx, axt the same timse, persistently de clare that Christ tausght nio systemi of theology, lut Iceclaridx that tile riccptiionl of Ilimsxlf waf s religion, aid the ruiestion of Him was irreligion. He was Himiself the I:shpxCl, thle W\ay, iand thle TIruth. Our c greatniit Iilsist hI tIihe pi'omItison of that spiiitual life which is sttaiuxhlhe Iy sittinxg at the feet of .Jesus, ail lealhig oe heaI:Ursi that ]le liefinsdc tilxe xpli lientioi for xlx:ission to liio Church, anud rule in it, tx he a chislse -lik spirit. without owhich x ine could ei estcr lis linxxghisx. There are, as -we havle said, dillieultiro in xIxrl wassy--lillieultlsc arising frism oxur Ivery xoxt.ituxionle. sach CIIIhurch bCiu a lisltiiset Ibody, we do, nxt poi:.ess the bonl :xio istiixxly firllsi ill coellllxiolalloiilx, xol iIu thle loower which-i is foulsnl] in a synotxlx ; nxither xslo wie rily on auy "isi'" or Inatisonslity, ix" usr either the one or the other as an xuguxenlt whix onurI frxllxw-clohx-nsiss thoushl joinill theln cerles to uis. ".Mu.h iuijir'y hxus been shoee to Godxs cause byi thie unholoy rivalry of sorects. \We xmust lie true to soursel\cs ; cosistency is inot to blie regardedil as tile jecl we xliUt olx ovecl our' osrdihlaly dlress, thixgh'iu orimxiext to that dress it may ixe, but it Illustli be cstxxeumd biy ul is as L necessary urti.le of our dress, tile ale,.xxc oCf whihl leavesxs ux as Christians uxxolxthxd. ]i'othreu. the f'rexs sxf eur adversary are gaininig st'Ienxgth, axxl it is our duty to resist thems; but our strelngth is lln tile Liux alone, our glory is i Hils txuth : Gud forblid that we should glory anywhere else. Let uso, then, as we review our past in this colony, meekly and earnestly fall down before Him, invoking a larger ba1itism of His Holy Spirit, so that in our future we may be less worldly, mor? earnest, more successful, aid give Him greater prtnise. 'lThe Re. E. GtE??NWoon then announced that a social tea-meeting would he held this evening, to he followed by a public meeting, at nwhichl aedlresses woeld be delicvered on missionary work by Ibretlhrcl from various parts of thie colony. SThe Iproceedings were Irought to a close by tihe sieging of a hIymn ald the pronouncing of the bene diction by the l'PesIDdET. The actual neinesse of the Union will commemnce at 10 o'clock this morning. 