LAW REFORM AND THE COST OF LITIGATlON. In a recent number of the Saturday Review a published letter, addressed by \- - Mr Ohalmera, barrister, to Baron Pollock on the Costs of Litigation, is discussed. The subject is one of extreme importance, ...... because if litigation hai not neon i cheapened, and if lawsuits are not more expeditiously settled than they wore before the new Judicature Act was passed, . the act has failed in two of its best pur- poses. That this is a fact the Saturday Review affirms :— It is a sad and humiliating thing when any system introduced with a crest flourish of trampets is found' wanting, when ths goodly fruit crumbles Uko Dead Sea apples; but It is far woiss to go on Uvlng in a fool's paradlie, io congratulate oareelvos on onr system being ths best possible system when In reality It is fall «f faults and aggravate tho very evils it was A signed to obviate. Seven years ago the firet . Judicature Act was passed, whioh was to Intro, duos a new and matchless system .of legal procedure; It was to redeem rrtMtW .estiws bit fisBfistsiy « Jha promise given atllunnyra?de,v that "juetloo shall not be denied or dolayed to any ma?," by bringing good aod cheap law to overy man's door. Inveigled by tbis fiatterlii< tale, Uti- ganta for a while (looked to tho Law Courts, only to find tblogs pretty rauoh a) they wore before. But litigants are as alow as sheep to take example and warning by tho fate of their preouuora; and tho disappointed onoa woro quieted by being told that the now Byatorn wanted a little time to get tato working order, while those who were trembllug on tho brink were oncouraged to toko the fatal plunge by being assured that by the time tbeir turn ctno everything would infallibly bo in full workiug trim ; aud ho the game was kept up. But now seven yta's have rolled by— time enough, in all conscience, for anything which was ever going to work at all to be working— with the result that there were at the beginning of the pre- sent eittinga some eight hundred causes wa't- iug 1 for trial iu Middlesex alone; which ghastly Hat U dlraiuiahitig under the effort) of the few av.Vtablo judge?, enly becauno the dbgusted wouldbe suitors do not oaro to pile Pellon on Uss ad begin actions to be set down possibly among the thcuiauds ; or else , because some of thoao whose namoa a'riady figure on this portentous roll, tired of waiting, have resorted, contrary to their original ioten tiun, to tho expeneivo tribunal of the arbi trator. The number oi IV aud \V\', djiioting that a cause is reterred or withdui.vn raapsc- tivriy, uo-.v to bca'.on ou the Middles ix list at Wtstmicster, ia a sorry sight for those who f.uli believe iu the efficacy of the Judicature Acs. Meanwhile, solicitor) are cpguyed iu making out bills for old work doneiostend efdoiugno w, and barrister?, re cumin? fresh end kern for work after the bong Vacation, are c impelled to eat out their hearts in chambers or ioai about Westminster with nothing to do, by tenon of what is now U'0 well kuowu as a block iu the Courts, And is it ictlly the lauded Judicature Acts that have brought ua to this? Mr Chalmers says it 1p, and he 1b in a position to judge. Ha was in the confidence of Mr Arthur Wilson, drafts man of tho original rules whioh couatituta tho working basis of the new procedure, and author of the standard work on existing prac tice. When Mr Wilson was translated to a judgeship in India liu bequeathed his mantle to Mr Chalmers, who Is bringing out a new edition of the aforesaid book of praotioe ; and it is in the course of .the smdy involved in this task that Mr Chalmers hit become con vinced that the present state of affairs is attri butable. iu part at least, to defects in our code of procedure. Having shown tho defects of the pvosonfc methods of procedure, and the fniluro of tho Judicature Acts, Mr Chalmers devotes himself to the consideration of the remedies which should be applied. He points out that the " deliberate policy of the Judicature Acts cannot bo reversed, and that any return to the old state of things is impossible." The disturbance and confusion which would result from a second revolution in judicial procedure within a decade is not to be entertained- "Any reforms iu procedure must be by way of amendment on the existiug system." . Mr Chalmers remarks that "the cost of liti gation is made up of two constituent elements,- the expenditure of money out of pocket nod the expenditure of time." It would, however, be bad economy to morlfice efficiency for. either expedition or mere cheapness, and there fore the two testa to which not only a system of procedure, but taoh individual rule of It, most in the in'orest of litigants bo subjeotad are— "First, does it tend to elioit tbe whole of rt velant facts in a convenient form for the ap plication of tbe law thereto ? Second, does it seok to attaio tbis end in tbe quickest posjible manner, and with the least possible expendi ture of time and money?" But to attain these ends a system of procedure need bo very elastlo, The causes which come before the courts present every imaginable degree of complexity. Where tho Issues are simple, a simple method of presenting them for derision should be adopted ; where tbe Issues a?e multi form and involved, a more elaborate prelimim ary prooedure may well be justified as tending to ultimate simplification and true economy. That the first of these principles was recognis id by tho framers of tho Judicature Acts nd their auxiliary rules is beyond question, With a view to meetiug the very simplest casrs, they did not deem it derogatory to the dignity of tbe High Omrt of Justice to undertake tue lowly office of a debt collector. By tbe in- valuable process technically known as Order 14, a plaintiff for debt may at the very earliest s;»Re of his action call upon his adversary to show .cause why he should not at onoe pay tbe sum claimed from him. . It the casa be a simple and plain one, tbe . pVnliff reoovers wltnont further delay. And it is difficult to ooncelve a more speedy and salutary remedy, considering ibe cumber of actions whioh were formerly de fended for tbe mere purpose of gaining time or bringing about a compromise. But it Is only in tbe most transparent cases that this pro cedure is applicable. Judges will not try a case on an application of this sort, and the un supported oath of tbe defendant that be does not owe tbe money, or bis offer to bring it into oourt, is In general sufficient to remit tho plain tiff to the ordinary course of bis action. Here, then, is the first df the defects Mr Chalmers attributes to the Judicature 'Act system. It is, he enys, a grave mistake to have no intermcii- ate method of procedure between the bare simplicity of aucb debt-collecticg as tho abovo, and tbe elaborate, expemlvc, and todiou ordeal of a regular trial, with all its prelimin ary business of pleadings, interrogatories, dis covery, eto. Mr Chalmers next attacks that venerable institution which is accounted the palla dium of our liberties, viz., the British jury, which he declares to bo " by far the most expensive mode of trial that can bo selected." Tbe items of expense particularly obnrgeable against trial by jury are : (1) The necessity of more evidence, because of toe impassibility of supplementing any oversight later on. (2) The greater uncertainty as to when tbe trial will come on, whereby witnesses are kept in attendance longer than they otherwise would be (3) Tbe necessity, or at leait opportunity, for longer epeeobes by counsel, and a summing- up by the judge, whereby tbe trial ih pro- traoted. (4) The almost Invariable application for a new trial, on some ground ooanecttdwith the finding of tbe jury. All this, as Mr Chalmers says, u unavoidably gives an ad vantage to the litigant with tho longest purse," and he suggests two amendments. Toe fir .t carries a well-known provision of tbe exist iog system a little further, and provides tbat when both parties oonsent to a trial by jury no new trial shall be graoted on tbe ground that the verdlot was against the welgbt of evidence, and that where one party inaiets on his right to a jury against the wish of theiotber, the verdict shall be conclusive as regards tbe party so Insisting." This roally appears a most sensible suggestion, It i merely putting tbe finding of a jury on tha same footing as the finding of an arbitra'or, and there seems no logical reason why tbe decision of one man selected by tho parties should be more conclusive than tbe decision of twelve men seleotod for them by -the law Moreover, as Mr Chalmcre points out, juries are now relieved from a large portion of their responsibility by knowing that If the presiding judge disagrees with their vordiot, there will iu all probability be a new trial ; and with tbis pleaslog assurance that justice will probably ultimately be done in any cas?, they are apt to disregard the extra expense whioh a careless or unconsidered verdiot is likely to entail upon tbe parties ; whereas, if they knew tbeir verdiot would be final, they would in all pro bability bestow more oare and thought upon It. Tbe (lightening the work of Divisional Courts, and tbe consequent liberation of mora judges to try causes at Nisi Prias, would not be lea t of the advantages to be expected from such a scheme. Mr Chalmers even gosa bo far aa to suggest that 11 except in certain specified oases, trial by jury ahouidonlyboallowedarter leave obtainod from a judge, and tbat tbe de cision of the judge on the point sfaould be final' —thus making trial by jury tbe exception : instead of the tple. This appears an alarming Innovation, but, a Mr Chalmers says, a good many oases have lattfcjfr been I'ted very satis factorily by a judge alonC whioh would formerly have been tried with a jury, Unsuccessful liti gants are more wont to attribute pattiqlity to a jury than to a judge; and a largd number of oases which now oome for trial befnro a jury have sooner or later in tbe course of the trial to be referred, to the no small disgust and ex pense of the parties. If, as appears demonstrable, trial by jury is iu a large majority of oases an inappropriate and extravagant method oi adjudication, it is oerlaioly advisable to bring a little pressure to bear . in order io weao people from that to which they would, more from foroe of habit than from any deliberate or intelligent ohoice, ha prone to resort. The olais of aotlons wbiob Mr Chalmers would alwoya retain for the con sideration of, a jury are aollocB involving ques- Urns «( bawl ei peisqaal ogtltaa In. volviog complloatod questions of meroautile usage, fried ia a place whero a good special jury can be got, and sohodb agilnst railway companies for personal Injuries, The retention of tho lattor olasa of Aotiou be justified ou tho ground of publlo nolioy.tho oxompliify damages usually given by juries in accident oaien noting os a salutary incentive to caution and vigilaaoo on the part of companies. What Mr Chalmors scorns to establish fairly enough is that after sovou years of trial tho Judicature Acts hnvo left legal procedure in a more confused condition than "-that into which it had drifted for want of & Consolidating Act. Bassing over a suggestion as to tho fuuotions of tho Council oi Judges, which body Mr Cbahnera believes has never met .sir.ee its in stitution, we come to a vory serious blot in the existing system. Tho Judicature Aots oxpreesly preserved all pro-oxisHug procedure, save so far ns it might be iuoousisteat with' the new, nrd they oxpressly repealed nothing. Tbeexteutof the oufusloa thm introduced may bo judged from the faot recorded by Mr Chalmers, that wbou in 1S77 Mr Arthur Wil-ion was oommlsaioned to dra v up a list of tho unrepealed statutes rolatlug to procedure, tbat list contained no lees than 479 Acts, to say nothing of 23L rules of Court under the Cunnuuu Law Procedure Acts, aud 12 .Consolidated Orders of the Court of Onan- eery, A repealing Act, pusd lu 1S79, got rid or 101 of. the abuve- mtutioned statute, but «. fleet' d none passed since 1851 ; so that more t au 300 Aols, tORether wito .a mass of rules at d ordere, etili remain to complicate mtters aod binder the rapidity uud etlicirrcy of tho couiss of litigation ; lor, iuftsmuch as tho Judica' tue Acta fail to cover the wholo cround, many important remedies have still to he sought by means of the old procedure. Mr Cnalmers sugeoata the obvious v-mcdy— namely, that al these ststule?, ru'cp, and ordcis should bo swept clean away, nud that buoii of tbeir provisions b a it Appeals dfeirnhle to retain should be in corporated into the Jndlcaturo Acts and rules, thus rendering these tbe sole repository of a eolf-coctaiacd aod complete code of proce dure, Considering tho outcry which has long boon raised in this colony for law reform, we may profitably take a lesson from the experiences gained in England. It was porhaps too much to oxpect that tho Judicature Acts passed by the Imperial Parliament would at once bring comfort to suitors and satisfaction to lawyers ; but after an experience of seven years there should be something better to say of the Acts than that they have failed most signally in two most important objects. How far tho Judicature Act now before our Parliament is framed on the lines of the English Acts wo have not£at present the means of knowing ; but with tho ex perience gained in England beforo them, tho commissioners who drow up thoAcb ought to be able to avoid tho orrors and omissions which havo created so much dissatisfaction in Great Britain. We shall return to tho subject of law reform from time to time, in the liopo that apersistont agitation for that object will eventually: prove both popular and successful. His Excellency the Governor, the Earl aud Countess of Eilesmere, and Lord Hervey Pbippa left Melbourne by the 11.10 ordinary train for Baliarat to-day. They proceed thence to Ercildoun, tho residence of Sir Samuel Wilson, where they will remain till tho end of tbe week. The following aro tbe deliveries of wheat, flour, and -other produce at the Spcnoer street station of tbe Victorian Railways, for the weok ending loth January:— Wheat, 44,582 bags ; flour, 4214 bags ; bran, 4020 bags ; pollard, 640 bags ; oats, 4404 bags; peas, 263 bags ; barley, 11,604 bags ; maize, 25 bags; malt, 50 bags; chaff, 4S6S bags. Total, 74.G7G bags. Aid. O'Grndy and Mr Garton were unani mously .elected tbis day by their brother magis trates as the coadjutors of the stipendiary magistrate on, tho City Licensing Benoh for 1881. The funeral of tho iato Mr A. K. Smith will move from his residence to-morrow at two o'clock, and proceed through tbe city, under the direction of Mr Sleight. There is to be an intercetiug ceremonial at the Freemanon Hull, where tho burial formulary of the Order will be gone through Tbe Rescue and Blaskboy, steamers, re turned to the Queen's Wharf hut evecing with a large quantity of the oargo from the ship Hereford. Tbe portion smd oonsiBts chiefly of cnieB of brandy, largo paokages of drapery goods, and barrels of resin A number of articles belonging to tbe ship were also brought on by the Rescue Mr Balfour, builder, LltUc Collins street east, was fined L2 in tbe District Court this morning, for allowing effluvia to issue from bis premises. There are great omplalnts on this matter from residents in tho vicinity. A telegram received tbis morning from Mr Gaecolgne.wbo is in oharge of the water-boring maohine on tbe Ecbuoa plains, announces that a plentiful supply of fresh water has been struck at a place call-d Tongaia. The depth of tbe bole is 105 feet only, and tbe dissovery of tbis source of Bupply will prove of tbe utmoBt importance to settlers on the arid plains of the Murray district. This is the third or fourth instance in which fresh water haB been struck in this district, and It is to be hoped that tbe general direction of the underground flow may be shortly indicated, so as to permit of a more systematic search for one of tbe greatest wants of a settler, Some excitment wps caused in Elizabeth tbis morning by a runaway borse, with a spring cart attached to him. Tne street was crowded with vehicles, but, strange to tay, no injury to any 'other vehicle was caused by tbe runaway. The animal dashed madly along Elizabeth street aoroes Collins and Little coihob strosti, turning round iuto Bonrke street, where just opposite tbe Aroads tho vehicle capsized, and tho borse, with some of the harness, disen gaged himself, and went still further up Bourke street. Tho clerk of petty sessions for Emerald Hill and Sandrldge, Mr Dobbin, has beeu appointed on officer under tbe provisions of the Tobacco Duties Bill to reo&ivo; fees for tobacoo licenses by persons wishing to sell oigars aud tobacco in these districts. Tbe fees are payable at the municipal offices Tho office is merely hono rary. Robert Davidson, a young man, was before the city magistrates tbia morning for asaanlt. The prosecutor, Mr Pemberton, said he did not care to go on with the matter, but Mr Paoton, P.M., after hearing what it wa% In' sistcd that he should Mr remberton and his brother were travelling in 9 first-class oarriage on tho Sandridge railway, with a Mr Cruik- sbank, when the last named gentleman in dulged in a heortyi nugb, whioh the prisoner and a companion with him mimioked,thcy being at tbe other end of tbe carriage. A remonstrance was followed by a rather thick stick being fiuog by prisoner right along tbe carriage, to hit one of the gentleman. Then the prisoner leaped over the seats wanting to fight. He was given in charge on arriving at tho station, and apologised profusely. The bench, bow- ever, oould not let such an offence pass, but Inflicted a fine of £2. The affair seems to have been a rough and ill-timed joke. Tbo full particulars of tbe Licensed Vic tuallers' ptonio on Thutsday, by the Golden Crown and Williams to Qtieonsclilf, will be' found in our advertising oolumns. Already over 700 tickets have -been disposed of,' so tbat those who have delayed securing tbolr places should lose no more time in doing so. Tho steamers will leave Sandridge on Thursday, at 9 a.m. sharp, so that aoyone who arrives after that bonr will lose tbe trip. This decision will he etriotly adhered to, so as to give the party as much time on Bhore as possible. A new feature on tho way down tbo Bay will bo tbo distribution to tbe ohildren on board the eteamets of packages of Dillon and Burrows's lollies, each containing prize jewellery. Tais should gratify the little folks amazingly, Mr JaiqEs W. Pelrce, Amorioan tobacoo merohant, E'lilzabeth-strcGt, has presented severalboxeB of the choicest cigars to be raced for by fleet- footed bonifaoer. Other inducements to in- data Ut healthful exerolso will alio be pro vided mk1? members of the country trade bavo 'sfgnififn thflir iQtentfB to ita the ex cursion. . . Another oi thoro outrages on Chinese whioh have become frequent J>' »'«» »«» Perpetrated in Eratironon last Safari »''ernoon. About half-psot 4 three carters fl>. 5L a«F , named David Stewart, Patriu'. Moloney and Patrick Globesy, overtook a OVneg with a iiaek lull ef- Tfgotabtoi b) Olohesy wantonly r in Into tto traok with bis enrt, and wbon " J ubn" remonstrated Moron >y took a clotheB-prop and boat him on the arms nod shoulders. Toe Chinese, enraged at this brutal uud unprovoked attack, cehcd tbo knife whioh was at tho aide f.f bis truck, and vory natur ally tried to defend himself with it. Stewart thou stood away from him some dU tauoo and pelted him with stones, one of whtou muck him oh tbo hond. A young man named Dfifi, who witnessed the wholo affair, gave information to tho polico. Sergra it P-irkina.m took tbe wouuded ruau to Dr Orooko, who tr ated him. Tho wouud was ou iuch and a half long. Tbe perpetrators of the outra;o weio brought beforo the Prahrau bench this imruine, and Stewart and Moroney wore fined L5 and 42) cost) eaob, aud Oluhoay L2 aud 42. Three dilapidated and disreputable Lioklus; individuals, named rtspectively Hon»yLa\ver GfOrgoDel', nod Simon Brown, were pre- . at utea to-day at the Ilatham Police Court to nnswor » obargo of bciug empoctod persms fourdfin a publio placo with intent to commit a felouy. The prisoners are partners in n marine store bnaloes?, of whioh iioury Lower is tbo 8euiar and representative partner. Some time ago the manager of the Patent Manure Company reported to tho police tbat largo quantities of bones bad been stolon from tho ompAu'-s w rr- which are eiluuted uwut the city aba'toirs -« the Saitwn'iT llivcr. Sarpeant Ellis who know every dishoneet and suspicious p -rsou in the district, at or.oe tixrd his snspicio son the three prisoner?. Conetablo M 3 -veouoy was thirefcre set to watch their rcMdence in Qucenebury street, and about 2 o'o.ock this morning, ho suv Inwer taking outhiahirse and cart, ar.d driving in tbn direction of tho Sa'twattr River. About 5 o'clock tho 0 in stable was rowiuded for hi) patient watcuiug by toeing tbe three prisoners returning with n heavy load of bones. M'Sweensy then effected their arres', and quite unexpec tedly ho fouud tho honee in tbo cart, marked purposely for identification, according. to in- etructioDe given by Sergeant Ell's. Tbo pri soners were remaudod till Thursday next. Senior-Constable Corbett of tie Roots- oray polico, was violently &ss;&ul;id by four men early yesterday morning. Tbc.'officor was re turning from tho river, where ho had been look ing after illegal nets.l/pon passing a cornor of the street tho men set upon the constable, knocked him down, aud severely kioked him. They then ran away, and havo not yet bee 1 cap tured. Constable Corbett remains at bis quattera unable to resume duty There was only ono drunkard's name on the oharge sheet this morning at Sandridge, & most unusual thing for a Monday morning. Tho LffenderMiohast Smith appeared by Mr Plum- mer,and pleaded guilty to tbo ohorgo. CoustabU Clappertou arreetod him at tbo Railwa ' s atlon yesterday, at which place be was walkiu < ubo it in au intoxicated oonditkn. A secoad obuve of rtsistino the polico was wlthdriwn. He was fined 20j, with 2s 64 cost?, Two foreigner?, named Fred jriok Peterson and Gerald F. Bine, were oharged at tb Sandridgp Folloo Court this morning wi(h stealing L50 worth of spioes from tho ship Jeremiah Thompson, now lying at the Railway Pier. The spice was missed iu tho beginning of Iho month, and on tbo night of tho 7th lust, tbo men were arrested by Constable Maokey on board tho Humboldt, which vessel was then about sailing for Newcastle, and has ainoo left for that port. They were romandod for a wools iu order that others who were supposed to bo implicated iu the offonco might bo brought be fore the court. Yesterday afternoon Sergeant Parkinien observed a well-known thief, named Jobs Whitby, prowling About a dwelling housi in Pinbrao, frcra whioh thd occup&his; weed absent, and kuowlug the man's ohoraotor watched him closely for sometime. Tnemiu walked along several streets, and at length the sorgraot, having no reason to doubt of his . intention, arreated him, Several previous convictions were recorded sgairst Whitby, aad the benoh sentenced tho prisoner to three months' Imprisonment. At tho same onrt a man named Richard Storey war s>o- tenced to a month's imprisonment for endeavoring to obtain a paint brosh by false pretences from a paint dealer named Matoher. The prisoner obtaioed the artlclo by pressntlog an order from a oontraotor, which was after wards found to be forged. Three little girls, whose wrotobed appearance plainly denoted the life they had besn leading for some timej piat, were brought before tbe Sandridge bfnch this morning on a ctage of vagrauoy. Constable Goray a '.ated that for tbo last six moatbs bo had noticed tho gids 'oltericg about tbe Btreets of the town at all bouts.' Bleeping on the beach aid' in lbs rr. serve. Their names were Mary Jane Leonard, Ellen White, and Aonlo Miller. The first at one time used to work for her liviog, but through tbe evil example set ber by others had beenCicduoed to lea 1 tho life of degradation complained of. Whlt->, the oocslable stated, wss never known to be any thing elee then a girl of iminorfi habit ; and Miller lad no homo at all, and did not appear to havo any friends or relatives Leonard's mother appeared for bor, and promised to take ber home. She was given another chance. White, who has already been given three chances, was soot to gaol for threo months. Miller was ordered to be im prisoned for four weeks. A powerfuIZfellow, named Alexander Wil son, a carter, appeared before tbo H.>tham Bench to-day, obarged with assaulting a Mr Lyncb, and eubsrquently assaulting Citable Tracy. For the prosecution it was stated tbnt tbe prisoner tried to get admission into the! Haymarket after business hoars, when ho made uee of bad language. The coautublo in trying to arrest tbe man received a black eye and a good thrashing. For the defence it was sworn tbat a dog who snapped at tbe prlsouo was the cause of the bad hn that the man had business in the marks . Tbe bench, which was composed ot Messrs Rey nold-, Ilogsrthy and Dr Heatb, fined the prisoner L3, or in t e'afit s x woeks' imprLon- mtnt. The fine was paid At tbo Footecray Polico Oourt this man tag, John and Mary Coyle, man and wife, au ( old offender?, were oach fiBed L2 and costs, for using abusive language in the public streets on Monday night iaBt From the Geelong Advertiser we loam tbat an impressive religious caremooy — the taking of tbe " black veil" — was celebrated at eight o'olock yesterday morning at the Convent of our Lady of Mercy, Newtown. Tbe recipient 6f the privilege was Mis3 Marion Hall, of Itioh- tnond, whose name In the sisterhood will be Miss Mary Austin. His Grace Arobblshop Goold petformed tbe rites observed by the oharoh oa saoh occasion?, and mass was subsequently held In the Convent ohapel. The Rsv. Father Hughes preaohed an eloquent sermon from the text, "Child, give ine your heart" (from tho Book of Exodw), The Archbishop was as sisted by tho Very Rsv. Dean Donagby and Futher Hughee. According to the Geelong Advertiser, Rumor haB it that Meesig Marshall and Nicfaol, tbo owner. of tho Now Zialaad yacht Taniwha, are prepared again to try conclusions with the hon W, J. Clarke's yacht, the Janet, aud tbat they meditate sending in a challenge, Ia the ovent of the contest being arranged, tho Taniwha, It is said, will be re-sparred. Probably (says au English exchange) before many more years havo passed, repeating or magazine rifles will be universally adopted as the armament of Infantry. France, Austin,. Switzerland and Norway, havo alreudy armed a portion of their troops with them ; Ruaiia has adopted, as a compromise, which for the present at all events will save her tbo exnuso of rcarmiog her immonBe army, the Xrnka rapid-loading apparatus; while it is stated that the magazine rifle committee now sitting in Berlin will recommend the conversion of tho Mauser breeoh- loadiug rifle into a Lowe repeat ing weapon. In Italy, also, a esrlo) of experiments with various magazine rlflja bos' been carried on for somo time f and aooordlug to tbe Estrcito, it has now been determined to issue a number of tho Bertoldo repeating 'rifLs to regiments In several of tbe Italian army corps, In order that tbo new weapon, wbiob bos been mo it favourably reported upon, zn»y bo tried on a Itfrger soale. Tbo Bertoldo rifle can be used either as a repeating rifle or a? a simple breeoh-loader. When too magaztne Iu employed nlno ubote con, it has been found by experiments carried out in the camp of San Morizio, be fired In eleven sooonds; or twenty rcuode can bo fired In a minute when tbe repeating apparatus is not called Into play. The baud 0! the Bertoldo rifle Is the B.mo as that of tbe weapon with whioh tbo Infantry of the Italian army Is at present armed; and, as tbe former also fires the same cartridge as the letter, the cost of oonvertlng the arm now in nee into a Bertoldo repeating rifle will be com. parativtly small j The meohonlom of the latter I., mcreovor, extremely simple, and no npeoiai maohlnery beyond that now In nee In the small- arm factories will be reqalred for Its oonsttua- tlon. A correspondent b! the Geelong Adrortlier> whips (iom Ssftwp, Ptosis ptsSssdw filtar noon, says 1 Tho atoamers Albutrous and Blaok Boy aro nlongsldo the Hereford removing ompo, which is to bo taken on to Molbuuruo The woather Iu unusually mild, very favorable to tho purchasers of tbe wreck, who aoliolpvtp, should tho soa continue smooth, being ablo to save as much property by Monday ovoulng uh will pay back half tho purohaso mouoy. Tho ship, wbiob ia uearly tilled with water, waa vifilted by a largo number of pumaus to-day. Sbo is perfrctly steady, and tho maat and spars aro quite firm. Amongst tho poraous at tho wreck to-day wab tho captain of tho unfor tunate vessel. At uovon o'olock thU morning the lnrgo von L'to Bono Publico, belonging to Mr Buanittor, arrived with a full complement of potsimKors from G jolong. The orow of tho Hereford atlll rumniu at Mr G. Nobles, whoro thny nro receiving overy attention. Tho first of tho Intercolonial band contests t dui m place in tho Melbourno Orioket Ground this evening. Au.exoelleut proguunmo iu arranged for tho baud cmtest to-night. The succrrsof Ln Fillo du Tambour-Major ooutiuurs to bo ono of tho pheno nou'i of tuo day, and were il not tbnt its right to sucotss is so obvious boforo now sundry insidttous re- ilcctiouu would bavo forced their way through tho cloud of praise boslowed on it. Tiro canso of Us sucorss is situplo. Tbo muslo is plea dog and admirubly sung by good utits; tho dramatic portion ia sparkliug, ntnusiug, aud is well rendered ; tho sosuery is all that 0 uild bo desimi, nndthe Btngomaangoiueuts kudgenortl mountings aro beyond praise. No mora neod be said to account for tho crowd that will osr- tainly fill tho Opera House to-night, and for many nights more. Tbe f aotomimts agftiu commanded crowded ftudicncts on Saturday uight i\\\ tho 13ij »u and Royal, and audiences too that ovi- doutly appreciated tho eutortainmsnt provided for them. Both bavo now at tained tho point of excelieuoe, practice having mpilo tho husineB? run aimiothly, The up«c- taou'ar effects at buth tbentrrs show ovidontly tho t'ffeclB of careful man:woint"fc with industry and ability oombioed. The little pcoplo's annual treat is excellent, aad both thentroe have fairly eurpasjed tbeir previous effnris in tho produotion of apaotooles artisti cally gorgeous and musically pleasing. Tbo People's Theatre was opened ou Satur day night by a mixed company under the lerssesbip of Mr I. Jonas of Bu'larat. Tbo entortainment, which was well received, con sisted of a first part by tho lady and gentlemen mil strols, ln which aomo excellent uuido was produced, Miss May Vivina, Mi?s Ootavia Lr.no and Mr Oharlos Floreuco being tbe mot ocnsplcuous. Mr Buokley showed some capital dauainc.acd was if possible iu better than his old form. Thoopsrattaof Tho Cnolsea Feneioner gave an opportunity for Mr Florence's fine tenor of which be made tho most, and Miss Maud Walton ably desisted bim. Tho pau- sioner himself was well repres >nted by Mr Brown. Tho entertainment ooncluded with Faust and Marguorito, illustrated with illusiry effects, a la Peppor's Ghost. Owing to tho -short thno which was given fo; preparation, t.omo of the soeuio effect) did not work with perfect smoothness, but the excellent singing of M>ss Lane and Mr FJoreoco made ameud?, and doubtless by this evening all will bo pro perly in train. Madame Heller added greatly co the eifcot of tho music by her admirable ac companying. Tho new programme of Kolly and Lsoa Mltutrols at St. George's llall oa Saturday night was a decided suoces?,nud much delighted a crowded audience. Tbe new burlesque of Sinbad the Tailor, proved oven more amusiug Ibau war anticipated, and will, no doubt, at tract largo numbers during the week. Tno .singing of Messrs Boaumonl llead, Voraon Reid, Fredericks and Ball, in as great au at traction as ever, and these gentlemen, with L> Feuillade's taod, furnish some very 3 vest muBtCi 