FORTNIGHTLY SUMMARY OF NEWS FOR HOME READERS. Sir George Cumine Strahan, K.C.M.G., the new Governor of Tasmania, set foot for the first time in Hobart on Wednesday, Dec. 7, and the ceremonies which accompanied his arrival in this colony, and his assumption of the position of Her Majesty the Queen's representative in this island were extremely cordial and hearty, and were of such a character as to be a matter for congratulation, not only to our new Governor, but to the residents in this city and colonists generally. The members of the Govern- ment, the representatives of the people in both Houses of the Legislature, our City Fathers, and the citizens themselves united for the purpose of giving Sir G. C. Strahan such a reception as would show the allegiance of Englishmen resident in a distant land, and of the inhabitants of an English colony to a country to which they owe so much, and with which they are connected by so many bonds. The day was beautifully fine, and the programme was gone through without any untoward incident happening to mar the harmony of the proceedings. A few particulars as to Sir G. C. Strahan's past career will doubtless prove of interest. Born in the year 1838, he is, of course, in the very prime of life, and yet has already had considerable experi- ence in administration. He entered the Artillery in 1857, and within two years obtained an appoint- ment, not of great apparent importance, and yet of the greatest value to a young and perhaps ambitious man, for it brought him for a short period into daily intercourse with one of the greatest minds of the age—William Ewart Gladstone—to whom, then High Commissioner of the Ionian Isles (since ceded by England to Greece), he became aide-de- camp. It is more than possible that Mr. Gladstone then recognised the ability of his young protege, and perhaps has in later years endorsed his first favourable appreciation. In the same year he was appointed in a similar capacity to Sir Henry Storks, under whom he served for several years, accom-, panying him to Jamaica in 1865, when Sir Henry was appointed President of the Commission to enquire into the disturbances which took place in that island during the administration of Governor Eyre. After this experience of Western life, the young officer , again returned to the Mediterranean, being appointed to the Chief Secretaryship of the Government of Malta. His sojourn in this island, which is one of the most elaborately defended possessions of the British Crown, would give him praotical acquaint ance and knowledge far above that obtained in the ordinary routine of military life, of what defences are and should be. Returning to the Western Hemisphere, be becanme Colonial Secretary for the Bahamas, and after two or three years, namely in 1871, acting Governor of those islands. This appointment he held till May, 1873. At the Bahamas he did good service in furthering important movements for the social improvement aud welfare of the people. Appointed Administrator of the Go- vernment of Lagosin 1873, he was, about a year later, moved to a sphere of operations in which tact, ability, and wisdom were needed ; and, if a man be judged by the results of his work, certainly Sir George Strahan was equal to the demands made apon him. Those acquainted with the circum- stances of the Gold Coast Settlement, having in its vicinity the brave and powerful Ashantee kingdom of savages, and in and about its borders cowardly and weak tribes, ready to appeal to the British for protection when threatened by the Ashantees, and to desert them on the first opportunity when our forces have marched to their assistance, will under- stand some of the difficulties Sir George had to contend with and overcome. But there was the great question of slavery to be dealt with. Slavery was a national and time honoureod institution when the new Governor arrived at the Gold Coast ; before he departed it had ceased to exist, for it was during his administration that the great abolition of slavery in that territory took place ; and, to his honour be it said, he was principally connected with , the movement by which three quarters of a million men, women, and children cast off their shackles, and stood before the world no longer bond, but free. He was also able to promote the thorough reorganisation of the local government. He was in 1870 appointed Governor of the Windward Islands, and, as has been already stated in this paper, more recently became Administrator of Cape Colony pend- ing the arrival of Sir Hercules Robinson. So that Sir George Strahan's administrative experience has been of a varied, as his career has been of a successful character. The first notification of the near approach of the Southern Cross, having on board Sir G. C. Strahan, was given about 7 a.m., when the steamer d having been sighted from Mount Nelson a flag was hoisted on the Battery Point staff. From a compara- tively early hour the wharves and shipping were un- wontedly astir, preparation going forward for the appropriate dressing of the vessels in port in honour of the representative of Queen Victoria. At the west side of the Brooke-street pier lay the neat steamer Minx, decked out with a profusion of bunting, and getting up steam for her trip down the river to give Sir George an advance greeting. Farther along, at the same pior, lay the handsome little steamer Pinafore, which had been engaged to convey the Premier (Hon. W. P. Giblin), the Master Warden (Mr. W. Tarleton), the Health Officer (Dr. Turnley ), and the Harbour Master (Capt. Riddle), down the river to meet the Southern Cross. The few days previous had furnished good ground for the hope that the occasion would be favoured with fine weather. It will be remembered how cold, rainy, and comparatively dismal was the weather on the day Sir. J. H. Lefroy landed here ; and as contributing not only to tho enjoyment of all taking part in the welcome and reception of Sir G. C. Strahan, but also as enabling him to form a just first impression of a portion of the land he is to rule, and the city that will form his home for the next five a years, it is cause for hearty gratutation that a better order of things prevailed on the day of his arrival. From daybreak there was every promise of trueTasmanian-that is beautiful-weather ; and the expectations raised were not disappointed. In the early morning the sky was cloudless, save for the fleecy lines of white drift, and heat-rollers, if we may be allowed to use so unscientific a term, that here and there flecked the depths of deep blue ; and the sun shone out with a summerlike warmth. A few minutes before 8 the Master Warden and the Premier-the absence of all the other Ministers being remarked- drove down together to the Brooke-street pier, and having been a joined by the Health Officer and the Harbour-master, went on board the Pinafore. At 8 o'clook, lines of flags were hoisted upon the shipping in the harbour, and a couple of minutes afterwards the Pinafore, flying the ensign of the Hobart Marine Board, steamed away. At 22 minutes past 8, immediately after passing Sandy Bay Point, those on board the Pina- ore sighted the Southern Cross, then off Half- Moon Bay, and advancing very slowly up the river. The steamers met between South Arm and Crayfish Point, and, keeping on the port side of the Southern Cross, the Pinafore went alongsideo. The ladder having been lowered in readiness, the Health Officer ascended to the deck of the Tasmanian Co.'s fine steamer, and put the passengers and crew through the usual inspection. The non-medical passengers remained on the Pinafore deck till after two or three minutes had elapsed, the tedium of waiting was broken by the cabalistic words "Alls well," or their equiva- lent, and the Premier ascended to the deck of the Southern Cross, followed by Mr. Tarleton. The incoming Governor, who was attended by the Hon. John Wallop, his private secretary, had in the mean- time advanced to the port side of the poop, and he was at once greeted by the Hon, W. K. Giblin, who, having introduced himsolf, welcomed Sir George to Tasmania. The Hon. gentleman then introduced the Master Warden, and general con- venation was entered into. The Pinafore had by this time cast off, and the Southern Cross was pro- ceeding slowly up the river. In answer to an enquiry from the Premier, Sir George said he had thoroughly enjoyed his passage across. They had a thunderstorm to start with, but that was soon over, and since then the weather had been beautiful. When opposite Proctors Hill, the Minx, which had followed the Pinafore from the Franklin Wharf, came up. The Artillery Bind was on board, under the leadership of Herr Schott, and immediately struck up the National Anthem, during the playing of which the Vice-Regal party stood bare-headed. Three cheers, cordially given, followed from the passengers on board the Minx, which Sir George acknowledged by raising his hat. The Minx waited on the Southern Cross for some distance, after which it forged ahead, in order to arrive at the wharf in sufficient time to allow the passengers to witness the landing. During the passage np the river the Premier directed Sir George's attention to the various objects of interest in sight. The scene from the deck of the Southern Cross was very striking. The broad, sweeping river, the well-wooded bills on either bank, the Devil's Backbone Range and Mount Direction to the right front, Mount Nelson on the left and Mount Wellington on the left front, with the churches, buildings, houses, and gardens of Hobart nestling at the foot of the latter, made up a coup d'ail that might be surpassed for beauty by Sydney's famous harbour, but could not be equalled by it for grandeur. Government House, standing out on its prominent and commanding position at the bend of the river, naturally aroused considerable curiosity among the new arrivals ; who could not fail to be struck with its noble appearance. At the entrance to the harbour a scene presented itself that could not have been well excelled for effective prettiness, though the bunting floating from the flagstaff's on Battery Point, and from the lines of the English yacht, at anchor in mid-channel had given more than an inkling of what lay ahead. The harbour at the present time is unusually well stocked with fine vessels, and from one and all of these flags of a variety of colours and style were floating gaily in the breeze. Besides the Colonial and British vessels in port, all of which made a brave show of bunting, the Swedish brig Galathea, to the left, and the American whaling barque Emma F. Herriman, to the right, were well decorated ; but the most effective displays were those made by the s.s. Tasman and the English vessel Ethel, which, to speak nautically, were rainbowed, the lines of flags running from stem to stern, and describing a com- plete half-circle. Flags hung from the windows of the old Ordnance Stores and other buildings on the New Wharf; while in front could be seen the scarlet uniforms of the guard of honour stationed on the Elizabeth-street pier, and hundreds of expectant colonists lining the roadway and its approaches, and crowding the vessels nearest the place of debarkation. The Southern Cross steamed to the west berth of the pier named, her sister steamer the Tasman occupying the eastern. It was exactly half-past 9 when the hauling alongside was complete, and a gangway having been opened, the following gentlemen immediately came on board and were successively introduced by the Premier to Sir G. C. Strahan :-The Colonial Secretary (Hon. W. Moore), the Colonial Treasurer (Hon. John Stokell Dodds), the Minister of Lands (Hon. C. O'Reilly), the Inspector of Police (Mr. John Swan), Colonel Angelo, Mr. George Lefroy, and the Assistant Colonial Secretary (Mr. Solly). Sir George then walked ashore, and proceeded with the Premier along the pier. The guard of honour, which was furnished by the T.V. R. R., presented arms, and the band played six bars of a slow march, as is customary at the reception of a distinguished personage, Sir George not having yet assumed the Governorship. The gallant officer stopped in front of the guard, and gave its members a critical glance. It numbered 55, all told, and was under the command of Captain O'Boyle, Lieut. A. Reid bearing the Queen's Colour. Staff-Officer Captain Boddam, Major Cook, Captain Aikenhead, and Sergeant-Majors Alderton and Brears were also present. Sir George passed down the ranks, and carefully inspected the men, and we think we shall not err in stating that he was not disappointed at what he saw of a portion of the defending force of Tasmania. On the gangway of the steamer Tasman stood the Mayor of Hobart, the hon. Dr. Smart, and other gentlemen, and the first-named at this juncture called for "Three cheers for Sir George Strahan," which were enthusiastically given, the fine soldieriy presence, open, manly face, and noble bearing of that gentleman having made an instantaneous and most favourable impression on the popular mind. His Worship, accom- panied by Dr. Smart, then descended to the pier, and both gentlemen, were introduced by the Premier to Sir George, who then, amidst the renewed cheering of the hundreds who had assembled to welcome him, walked to the end of the pier, where, together with the Hon. John Wallop, he entered the carriage, placed at his disposal by Mr. Cecil Parsons, of Boa Vista, and was at once driven to Government House, proceeding by way of Macquarie-street. To the repeated acclamations of the populace he again and again bowed his acknow- ledgments ; and thus ended the informal welcome of tho now Governor, a welcome that for heartiness and enthusiasm has equalled any ever received by Vice-Regal representatives who have como to live in our midst. Across the lower part of Elizabeth-street, from Messrs. Watchorn and Sons to Mr. J. Risby's office, a line of flags was suspended, under which the incoming Governor passed en route for his residence. We may supplement the remark made by Sir George as to the passage, by stating that the thunderstorm he referred to occurred when the steamer was going down Hobson's Bay, lasting about an hour. Swan Island was passed about 1 p.m. on Tusday, the 6th, and on the following morning Captain Lewis, who was in command of the steamer (Captain Capurn being laid up by illness), gave Sir George an early call, and the latter was up in time to view Cape Pillar and Tasman's Island, which were passed about 4 a.m. It is only just to add that Sir George was highly pleased with the excellent accommodation afforded himself and suite on board the Southern Cross. The captain's or ladies' cabin on deck was placed at his disposal, but he preferred a cabin below. He took his meals at the general table, and by his affability and courtesy won the hearts of all with whom he came in contact. On His Execel- leny's landing from the steamer, the Hon. W. K. Giblin introduced Mr. E. J. Freeman, manager of the T.S.N. Co., to whom the Governor expressed his thanks for the arrangements made for his com- fort on board the Southern Cross. His Excellency specially desired to thank Captain Lewis, his officers, and stewards, for the courtesy and consi- deration shown him by them during the passage, which had proved most enjoyable. He had received every attention, and was much pleased with everything. The guard of honour had assembled in Franklin Square at 8:30, and thence marched down to the Pier, where they formed up at 9, the band enliven- ing the half-hour that elapsed before the arrival of the honoured of the day, by playing a selection of music. After the reception the men were marched back to the square and there dismissed. The police arrangoments at the landing place were com- plete, Superintendent Pedder, with 25 of the city police, and C.D.C. Quodling, with 11 of the territorial force, being on the ground, not indeed to preserve order, for that was preserved by the public themselves, not a single incident occurring to mar the harmonious and gratifying charactor of the welcoming proceed- ings. The formal entry of Sir Geo. C. Strahan within the city boundaries was perhaps the event fraught with the greatest interest to citizens generally. Great preparations had been made to appropriately mark the occasion. For days past workmen had been engaged erecting the scaffolding of an arch near the corners of Liverpool and Park streets, marking the confine of the city on that side. Carts laden with green boughs had deposited their loads there, and by the morning of the 7th the skeleton struc- ture had been clothed with leaves and flowers. Phe progress of the work had been watched with i ntorest by many, and by afternoon the handsome < ?rection was completed, and with its dark green < ohage, brightened by the many-coloured flags and j rophies Bet on places of vantage, presented a very ] >eautiful sight, and one worthy of the occasion i vhich it oelebrated. The aroh was of about tho I arno dimensions as the one erected at the reception ' if Sir Henry Lefroy, but the City Surveyor, having in this ocoasion more time at his disposal, was , nabled to bestow greater attention to its ereotion. i Cho arch may be termed Gothio in design, and had I i central and two side.'openings. The decorations , ihowcd taste and experience on the part of the i leaigner, and deservedly won the general praise, i rho main arch was bordered with a blue lattice < vork on a white ground, with a maroon portcullis lurtain edged with old gold. The lattice vork also bordered the side avenues, over ] vhich were placed ornamental shields, ela- borately edged by flowers, producing a very irtistio effect againBt tho dark green leaves. [n the spandrila of the main arch were inserted nedallions bearing the Royal monogram in gold, on m azuro field, and surrounded by wreaths of lowors, worked by Mrs. Marks, of the Town Sall. Surmounting tbo main aroh was on eaoh ¡ido a representation of field ordnance, with full eqnipmont, very effectively placed, and mggeBtive of the fact that our new Governor ia an officer of the Royal Artillery. Below this, and over the parapet of the whole arch, were plaoed trophies of flags. Pennants were flying from eaoh point, and high above all floated tho Union Jack. The motto " Welcomo," in gold tetters, stood out boldly from a crimson ground, BXtended above the central archway. Suspended from the centre of the arch, by gold cords, was a beautiful basket of scarlet geraniums and white lilies, interwoven with shafts of grass, tho whole elegantly put together by Mr. J. H. Jenkins, Honst. On either side of this basket depended by gold cords a beautiful St. Andrew's CrosB, also worked in lilies and geraniums. These were made by Borne of the officers of the Corporation, whoso taste and skill woro much aided by the more artistic perception and dexterous fingers of members of the fairer box. Such was the arch in detail, and looking at the whole struoture, the taste, good design, and workmanship shown in it were fully deserving of the very warm admiration bestowed by oitizens, and reflected great credit on Mr. James, the City Surveyor, and the Corporation employés who, by their efforts, did mnoh despite adverse circum- stances to uphold the good name of our city for loyalty to Her Majosty by the greeting extended to her representatives in our colony. The Main Line It jil way Co. had three lines of flags from their flag post, one across the roadway, and one on either side of the post. On one line of flags was the word " Welcome," and on the other were the letters T.M.L.R. in the " Commercial Signal Code." The High Sohool had also hoisted a flag over its build- ings. A general half-holiday had been proclaimed, and the citizens in the afternoon thronged the streets leading to where the arch had,been ereoted. Little knots of people were gathered waiting long before the time of the anticipated display, beneath the shelter of the trees on the grassy slope of the Domain, and as the hour for His Excellency's arrival drew nearer, the vicinity of the arch was crowded with a dense mass of men, women, and children, all good humouredly bearing the crashing and inoonvenienoe to whioh they were mutually subjeoted. Superintendent Pedder, who occupied the important position of marshal, rode up to the arch at about 2'30, and was soon afterwards followed by a detaohment of the city police under Sub-inspector Connor. They, of course, took np position on the city side, leaving the territorial police, under C.D.C. Quodling, ' to guard their district on the other side. The men were extended on either side of the strest, in open order, and did, with urbanity, the little neoeisery to keap the spectators in order. At a quarter to 3 o'clock, the Artillery Regiment, commanded by Major Crowther, and headed by it» band under Ben Schott, were marched up. The Rifle Regiment, looking very military and gay in their crimson tunics, and bearing the Queen's and Regimental Colours, followed, commanded by Major P. O. Fysh, and headed by its band under Mr. Nat Hallas. Both regiment» took up position on the roadway, ready to lead off the procession, and what with their uniform», the glitter in the sunlight of their bayonet», and equally bright, though more peaceful, brass musical instruments, they made a very brilliant display. Meantime, a column of ghost- like figures, spectres abroad in full daylight, had wended their way down Macquarie-street, and having, in the manner of a strong contrast, at their head the band of the Mastodon negro minstrels tocheer their chilly soul» with the »train» of " Oft in the stilly night." As they came nearer it was dis- covered that this wai the Most Anoient Order of Druids, the high priests mounted upon steeds, and bearing the emblematio sickle, and the aged fathers, with hoary beards, following in meek procession. Then the order of Oddfellows, with the insignia of membership and office upon their persons; and then the Hibernian Society, who, with good taste in these troublous time», joined in the welcome to the new Administrator of the Government in our island. The national colour of Ireland fittingly ocoupied a place in the loyal greeting given to Her Majesty'» representative. The Mayor (Mr. Jas. Harcourt) and aldermen of _ the city were now driven up, Hi» Worship being accompanied by his Chaplain in collegiate farb, and the Town Clerk in his gown of office, [is Worship was arrayed in the Mayoral gown, his gorgeous robes and brilliant gold oollar exciting the admiration of the worthy citizens, and putting his aldermen in their antique coats quite in the shade. A few minutes afterwards there was a general oraning of necks, and " Here they oomo" was the cry. A carriage drawn by a dashing pair of horses carne at a good round pace down the hill, followed by another containing members of the Ministry. As they passed the Druids, their band struck up * ' God Save the Queen." The Mayor and his aldermen had alighted and waited at the right band side of the principal archway. The carriage was quickly drawn up, and with a hearty obeer the citizens of Hobart welcomed Sir George O. Strahan to one of the oldest of Her Majesty's cities in these her Australian oolonies. Sir George wore the Windsor uniform, with the order of St. Michael and St. George ; ho was accompanied by the Premier, and attended by the Hon. John Wallop, hi» aide-de-camp. Tbo carriage having been drawn up beneath the arch, the Mayor advanced, and »sid : Your Excellency, permit me in the name and on the behalf of the citizens of Hobart to offer you a most hearty and cordial welcome to the capital of the colony of Tasmania. The oitizens whom'I have the honour to represent are always glad of an opportunity of showing their loyalty and devotion to their Sovereign, and their respect for Her Majesty's representative I desire also to congratu- late you on your arrival amongst us safely, and in good health. Once more allow me to offer you a hearty welcome to Hobart. His Excellency, in reply, said: Mr. Mayor and gentlemen, I thank you most oordially for the welcome you have accorded me, and trust that the favourable oircumstanoeB of the day and the other surrounding circumBtanaes will bo a happy omen of my government in this colony. The genial and distinot manner in which these words were said met with a rosponsive Boho in the hearts of the citizens, and hearty sheers, which wore carried far down the lines of spectators, were again given for Sir George. At His Excellency's request, Mr. James, the City Surveyor, was introduced to him, and ho com- plimented him on the artistio beauty of the arch, rhe Mayor and aldermen having resumed their seats, the bands struck up, and the prooession, »mid the cheers of the people, and the combined but not accordant efforts of the three musical bodies, moved on towards the Courthouse in the following order : The Artillery Band, under Bandmaster Sehott. The Artillery Corps. The Rifle Band, under Bandmaator Hallas, The Rifle Regiment. Carriage containing the Master Warden and Messrs. P. Facy, 0. M. Maxwell, C. DowdelL and Browne, Carriage containing Messrs. Wm. MoRorie and A, T. Stuart, City Auditors. Carriage containing Aldermen Gregory, Belbin, Brownell, and Maher. Carriage containing Aldermen Burgess, Pike, Sea- brook, and Espie, barringo containing the Mayor, his Chaplain (Rev. R. D. P. Harris), and the Town Clerk (Mr. H. Wilkinson). Carriage containing His Excellency, the Premier, and the Hon. J. F. Wallop. Carriage containing tho Colonial Treasurer, Colonial Secretary, and Minister of Lands. Carriage containing Colonel Angelo, Captain Boddam, and Captain Aikenhead. Carriage containing Major Cook and Captain Green. Order of Odd Fellows, with banner. Mastodon Band. Ancient Order of Druids, Hibernian Order. A number of private vehicles followed. We had loarly forgotten to mention an item io the show nrhioh, in the way of decoration, was something mt to be forgotten. It was Patsoy and the donkey, >oth dressed in their best. The donkey was arrayed ifter tho manner of an Indian rajah's steed, with an mmense net over it, the harness of the sagacious animal leingbedeoked with flowers. Theeart wasaleoa thing if boauty, tricked oat with Union Jacks and flowers. Leaving the arch, the procession, followed by an mmense concourse of people, traversed Liverpool itreet, the windows, the balconies, and many of the ?oofs of the houses on the way being crowded with ipectators, Flags were waving from nearly every iouse-top, and nearing Waloh's corner the air ippeared to be filled with fluttering spaoes of colour, from Hanson's to Wilson's, in Liverpool-Btreet, aline ¡ if flags was stretched across the street, and flags vere shown from the windows of the houses on iither side. From Cane's to Bailey's another line , if flags fluttered, and still another from Russell 3ros. to Waloh's. At Waloh's corner, turning into Elizabeth-street, two lines of streamers and flags of ill colours were snsponded from Walch and Son's to i 3\. and J. Salier'», and between Anson's and (Veaver's two other lines of bunting were extended. Messrs. Whitesides and Son, C. Davis, P. 0. Fysh, r. Russell, and others onthe route had also large dis- mays of bunting. Fromthescaffolding of the building jeing erected for the Australian Mutual andProvi lent Insurance Co., and from the opposite hotel the íational flags were also shown, and turning the ¡orner in to Maoquarie- streettheSupreme Court-house lame into view, a perfect eruption of flags and boughs. .at the ceremony of| swearing-in the preparations ¡vere somewhat similar to those of last year, A very handsome oanopy of ferns, evergreens, and flowers, ?vere erected over the steps in front of the Supremo Court buildings, in Macquarie-street. This was very neatly and tastefully arranged, and looked exceedingly well. The balustrading was also covered with fern leaves and bunohes of evergreen, while round the front and sides handsome tree ferns were artistically arranged. Scores of flags fluttered in front of the Supreme Court, every place where a pole could be placed being taken advantage of. The stops were covered with scarlet oloth, which added a finishing touch to the whole arrangement. The swearing-in took place in the Supreme Court, the publio-excepting those who possessed tickets of admission-being thus debarred from witnessing the ceremony. lu the Supreme Court-room tho only alteration was the erection of a platform between the Judges' dais, and the barristers' table. No ladies were admitted to the court-room, the witnesses' retiring-room and the executive waiting-room being placed at their disposal, to which they were admitted by ticket, and from which they could see the arrival and departure of His Excellenoy, and the procession. Shortly after 2 o'clock groups of oitizens began to con- gregate at the street corners and in front of the Supreme Court, and on all points of vantage, such SB tho colonnade attaohed to the Post Office, the terrace in front of the Supreme Court Chambers, etc. Every mínate this number was inoreased, until at 3 o'clock several thousands lined both sides of Macquarie-street in this locality. On the steps, in front of the Courthouse, a great number of tioketholders had assembled, anxiously waiting Sir George's arrival, while from the windows, behind the evergreens and flags, the ladies were patiently watehing the approach of Hi» Exoelleiicy. Shortly after 3 o'clock the strains from the bands taking part in the procossion were heard, and not long afterwards the white hats and blue jackets of the members of the Artillery Corps were seen coming round the corner. An immense crowd followed the procession, and as it turned from Elizabeth-street into Macquarie-street, a rush was made for the vicinity of the Courthouse »tops, and by the time the Volunteers had halted, and the Vice Regal 'carriage had drawn up at the Courthouse, all but the centre of the »treet was packed with eager spectators. As His Excellenoy alighted the Volun- teers shouldered arms, and the onlookers eave three hearty cheers for "the Governor." ' His Excellenoy wss received by the members of the Government, the hon. Mr, Giblin conducting him to the dais, and as he ascended to the Judges' dais all those who occupied the floor of the Courthouse rose to their feet, while the Mayor and Aldermen and the members of the Marine Board, etc., took up * position round the barristers' table. On the dais were Sir Franois Smith, Chief Justice; the hon. Mr. Dobson, Puisne Judge ; Mr. Innes, President of the Legislative Council ; Dr. Butler, Speaker of the House of Assembly ; the Hon. W. R. Giblin, Attorney-General ; the Hon. W. Moore, Colonial Seoretary ; the Hon. 'J. S. Dodds, Treasurer ; the Hon.'O. O'Reilly, Minister of Lands; Mr. Chapman, Mr; Alfred Dobson, Mr. Jam« Whyte, 'Mr, Crowther, Mr. Bromby, and other gentlemen ; while in the jury-box were the Bishop of Tasmania (the Right Rev. 0. H. Bromby, D.D.), the Arch- deacon of Hobart (the Veo. Arthur Davenport, ILA), the Archdeacon of Launceston (the Ven. F. Hales, B.A.), the Bishop'» Chaplain (the Rev. H. B. Bromby), the Bishop of Hobart (the Rev. Daniel Murphy, D.D.), the Roman Catholio Bishop's Chaplain (the Rev. Father Beechiuor), the Rev. W. C. Robinson, Rev. George Clarke, and the Rev. James Scott (Moderator of the Presbyterian Cburoh of Tasmania), By previous arrangement a salute of 17 gun» was fired from the Queen'» Battery a» soon a» the preliminary ateps to the administration of the oaths had been performed. Mr. Nowcll read the letters patent granted by Her Majesty the Queen, defining the privilege«, prerogatives, and power» of the Governor ; and also the com- mission issued to His Exoellenoy Sir George C. Strahan. The Chief Justice then administered the two oaths to Hi» Exoellenoy, who duly sub cribed to them :-The Hon. W. R, Giblin then said : May it please Your Exoellenoy,-The Mayor and Corporation of Hobart desire to present Your Exoellenoy with an address. The Mayor, the Rev. R. D. Poulett-Harri», and the Town Clerk then ascended the platform in front of the dais, and the Mayor said : As the représentative of the oitizens of Hobart, I beg to offer you our sincere congratulations on your assumption of the Govern- ment of this colony, I trust that the period of your holding office may be as pleasant to yourself as I trust it will be benefioial to the community at large. We thank Her Majesty fer having chosen as her representative one who has proved himself to be an able Administrator, and now with your Excellency's permission I will call upon the Town Clerk to read the address which has been prepared by the Council. The Town Clerk then read the following address :- > To His Excellency Sir Geohqe Cumine Strahan, Royal Artillery, Knight Commander of the Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George, Governor and Commander-in-Chief in and over the colony of Tasmania and its Dependencies. May it please Your Excellenoy,-We, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Hobart, in Council assembled, avail ourselves of your arrival amongst us to renew our sentiments of loyalty and devotion to Her Majesty's throne and person, and our un diminished attachment to those institutions which connect us with the British nation. Our city has ever been ready to welcome cordially the representative of Royalty in his official capacity ; and has been no less ready to recognise all that was personally excellent in those who hare hitherto presided over the Govern- ment of this colony. Your Excellency's experience as »Colonial Governor, under circumstances of excep- tionable difficulty, suffices to assure us of your ability as an administrator ; and we have every confidence | that in the moro genial task of ruling a peaceful and | united population, you will prove yourself a worthy successor of those who have left the impress of their name and influence in the social and political history of our island. James Harcouiit, Mayor. His Excellenoy road the following reply : Mr. Mayor, Aldormen, and Gentlemen,-I thank you for your cordial address. It will be my duty to take an early opportunity of forwarding to the Queen the expressions of loyalty and attachment to Her Majesty's throne and person which it embodies. As regardB myself, I would fain hope that the kindly words of welcome with which you bave greeted me may be taken as an earnest of that good feeling winch should exist-and, I trust, in my case, may exist betweon the people of a colony and its Governor ; tbnt feeling I will do my utmost to promote, for, believing as I do in the future of Tasmania, in its resources and in its openings for capital, it will assist me in furthering your prosperity and gaining for you i the position among the Australasian colonies to which your many advantages give you a just claim. Circum- , stances into which I need not now enter have pre- vented me from being among you at on earlier date, but I beg to assure you that I assume the government < of this colony with the determination to do all in my power to cromóte its interests and to advance the welfare ana happiness of all classes of the community, i Acoept once more, gentlemen, my warm acknow- ledgments for your gratifying address. 1 Geo. C. Strahan. i Government Bonne, Hobart, December 7,1881. The Hon. W. K. Giblin then introduced Mr. I Innes, Mr, Chapman, Dr. Butler, and other i members of the Executive Council, the Rev. Dr. Bromby (Bishop of Tasmania), the Rev. Dr. ' Murphy (Bishop of Hobart), to His Excellency. His Exoellenoy then left the Supreme Court, and on descending the steps was greeted with cheers. ; He next proceeded to inspeot the members of both i Volunteer Regiments, whioh were drawn up in front i of tho Courthouse, sud expressed himself pleased with the soldierly-bearing of the men. He then ' took a seat in his carriage, and drove away amidst < loud cheering. All along the route to the »roh at ' Park-street he was greeted with oheors, the ladies j stationed at the window» waving their hand- kerchiefs as ho passed. At one part of the road, , near Wellington Bridgo, he was greeted with a , shower of bouquets, which compliment he grace- ¡ fully acknowledged. Before returning tu Govern- j ment House His Exoellenoy visited the hospital and i was shown through its various apartments. It is 1 his intention to receive ladies and gentlemen at Go- ' vernment House on Thursday afternoons from 3 to j G o'olook, but he does not intend to hold any levle ' except on the anniversary of Her Majesty's Birth- j day. On Deo. 10 Sir George visited the Elwiok , Racecourse, on the occasion of the Spring Meeting. ] Ou Sunday, the 11th inst., the Governor attended ] Divine service in St. David's Cathedral in the ( morning. On Monday, the 12th inst., Sir George 1 was present at the annual meoting of the Counoil of < Education, and afterwards was present at the j lnnoheon, where he delivered a very telling speech. ' On the 14th Deo. the Governor visited Launceston. ' On account of the short notico given of His Excel- ¡ lenoy's intention to pay the visit, and of the un- j certainty of the day on whioh he would arrive, it j was not posaiblo to greet him with the same tokens of welcome whioh otherwise would have been pre- I pared. The Mayor of Launceston had also notified . that it was not the desire of Sir George Strahan that < any great demonstrative proceedings should take ' place on the occasion. However, the citizens ' determined to make, at least, some show on the ' oocasion, and accordingly His E xcellency was received J with a demonstration that sufficiently impressed ¡ him with the warmth of the welcome given. Mr. ( Smith had the Royal Standard hoisted in the station enclosure, and a line of flags was drawn across Uimitiere-street to the People's Park, which, in nddi- 1 tion to an ample supply of bunting in and about < the station, was all that could he deemed neces- i sary in the way of display at the terminus, t and the station master and his assistants devoted < a good deal_ of time and labour to making the t display effective. Suffice it to say that these flags , were so conspicuously placed as to be seen from the train as it approached the completion of the journey. Almost the first to come on the scene were the ' Volunteer Light Horsemen, whose brilliant uniforms ' and equipments presented a pretty appearance as the; - trotted their horses along the road, or got into position I as they formed at the word of command. Cap'ain ' Mason and Lieutenant Room had charge of this escort, < 24 in number, including officers, which wa« con- ; siderably more than the escort furnished on the 1 occasion of the vslodictory visit of His Excellency Sir | John Lefroy. If for no higher consideration, the valuable services rendered by this arm of the Volunteer service on publio occasions establish a - c'ftira to pubho esteem and confidence, and Laun- ' cestón ought to feel proud of such accession to its Volunteer institution. A guard of honour, ' furnished by the Northern Volunteor Rifles, con- i Bisting^ of 36 rank and file, was commanded by : Captain Aikenhead and Lieutenant Room, nnd pre- j ceded by the fine band of the Rifle«, arrived at the ¡ station at half-past 1. Lieut-Colonel Home, Major ( Just, Major Harrap, Captain Hunt, and other Vo- lunteer officers were at the station in uniform, and Lieut.-Colonel Home, Northern Commandant, in- spected the Troop of Light Horse and the guard of ' honour. At that time a large crowd had assembled in ' Cimitiere-street, near and outside the railway station. A number of the municipal police were in attendance, under tbe orders of Sub-inBpeotor Sullivan, and rendered efficient service in prevent- ; ing the crowd from blocking up egress and ingress, , and keeping the inside of the station from being , too mach thronged. Rankin's carriage and pair, which is usually engaged for Vice-Regal purposes, driven by the proprietor, was pulled up in the> enclosure, ready ' to convey the Governor on arrival. The cabs which, by reason of their engagement with the railway ' authorities, bave their entrée into the yard, were given to understand that they were to remain at the ] station until the Governor had left, so as to , prevent confusion. The train arrived at 145, and besides the officers before mentioned, there were . on and near the platform His Worship the Mayor Mr. Douglas), Mr. Rocher (the Town Clerk), Mr. ' Audley Coote, Messrs, 0. H. Smith. Hortnoll, McMeckan, Henry, Windoatt, G. Smith, Horne, ( Cox, Boyes, Collector of Customs, G. T, Collina, Joalah Fowell, and other gentlemen. The train < having advanced into the station, Mr. C. H. Grant alighted, and, followed by His Excellency and the Hon. Mr. Wallop, the private secretary, Mr. Grant introduced His worship the Mayor to the Governor, and the Mayor introduced the Town Clerk anda number of the other gentlemen. After that His Excellency, attended by the Mayor, passed out from the platform to the enclosure, and waa received by the guard of honour, who saluted in soldier-like style. At that time a salute of 17 guns took place at the drill-yard, the battery being under the command of Lient Harrap. The Governor then somewhat minutely inspected the guard of hononr, and cast bis i eyes over the members of the escort. It may be mentioned here that the Governor, at a subsequent period, expressed his satisfaction at the appearance and action of the guard of honour, and also of the fine appearance of the escort, who were well mounted, and were a credit to the service. His Excellency then entered the Vice-Regal carriage, accompanied by the Private Secretary, the Mayor, and Town Clerk. The escort, advance and rear, being in position, the cavalcade proceeded; the route being along Cimitiere-street into Tamar-street. William-street, Lower George-street to the Queen's Wharf, where the British and . other vessels in port, ncluding the T.S.N. Co.'» s.S. Flinders, were gaily decorated with flags of all nation». The procession turned into St. John-street, and passed the Drill ground, where touch pains had been taken with the decoration». At the Town Hall a halt was made, and the escort formed up. His Excellency and the Mayor, eta, alighted, and ascended the steps of the building. Outside there was a larg* crowd, who greeted the Governor with hearty cheers, the same thing having been done as HU Excellency left the railway station. His Excellency was received at the Town Hall by the Aldermen, who were introduced to the Governor by His Worship the Mayor. The Town Clerk read the following address ¡-May it please Your Excellency, We, the Mayor, Aldermen.'and burgesses of the town of Launceston, respectfully beg to offer our sincere con- gratulation on Your Excellency's first visit to our town. Actuated by sentiments of attachment to Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen, we desire to receive with respect and welcome the representative of our Sove- reign, and to tender to Your Excellency the assurance of our cheerful co-cperation in all measures of Your Excellency's administration whioh may be calculated to promote the interests of the colony. Trusting that the burgesses of Launceston may often be'honoured with your presence amongst them, and that Your Excellency may, under Divine provi- dence, enjoy health and happiness, we have the honour to be, sir, Your Excellency's very obedient servants, Aote Douglas, Mayor, O. W. Rocher, Town Clerk. The Mayor, in delivering the address to the Governor, said he had much pleasure in doing so, and trusted His Excellency would be pleased with his visit to Launceston, and would accept his assurance that the burgesses would gladly welcome J his presence amongst them as frequently as possible. His Excellency said : Mr. Mayor, Aldermen, and Gentlemen,-I thank you for your address, and for the hearty welcome which I have received. Your sentiments of loyalty and attachment to the Queen are thoroughly in keeping with all that I was led to expect, and all that I have found among the people of Tasmania. Looking to the importance of Launceston in this colony, I considered it my duty to lose no time in visiting your city. As soon as my varied duties public and social, in Hobart, will admit, I purpose to visit the several districts of the colony, and to make myself particularly acquainted with its resources and with its requirements, and if to be animated with an earnest desire to do all In my power to develop those resources and to meet those requirements gives me a claim to your welcome, I feel that I may not be un- worthy of your reception to-day. I trust that the health and happiness you wish me may fall to my lot ; that I may have health to enable me to promote the welfare of the colony, and that I may find my happi- ness in advancing the happiness of those whose Interests are now my interests. I receive with pleasure the assurance of your co-operation in all measures of my administration, which may be calculated to promote the interests of the colony, and the cordiality of your welcome to-day will be no small in- ducement to me to como amongst you again. Geo. C. SmAHAtJ, Launceston, December 14, 1881. His Excellency then re-entered the carriage, ac- companied as before, and was escorted by the Light Horse to the Brisbane Hotel. The guard of honour, having marched from the railway station, reached the Town Hall, attended by a large concourse of people. As the carriage left the Town Hall, HI« Excellency was again heartily cheered. After the Vice-Regal party had partaken of luncheon at the Brisbane, His Excellency, accompanied by the Mayor, visited Beveral of the public establish- ments, including the gaol and the Invalid Depot. The latter was decorated with flags in Mr. Jones' usual tasteful way, which gave a holiday aspect to the institution. His Excellency expressed himself as very much pleased with the cleanly and orderly appearance of the departments under Mr. Jones' supervision, and left in the books very flattering records of his views. In the ovening His Excellency and suit« honoured the Mechanics Hall with their presence, to witness the unique performance of the Liliputian Opera Company. It ia needless to write that the Governor was vastly pleased with the efforts of the little people, who mUBt nave folt flattered with the kind Vice-Kegal patronage and the crowded audience who attended on the occa- sion. On the 15th inst. Sir G. C. Strahan visited the two Smelting Works, the Waverley Woollen Mills, the Public Buildings, and made some private calls. He alni visited tho Custom-house, Presentation Convent and schools, at which latter an address wag presented to him by a pupil, Miss Parkinson. His Excellency delivered a very kind and complimentary reply. He then visited the Church of the Apostles. In the evening he attended Mrs. Hariy's fancy dress ball, intended principally for the young people, whioh took place in the Town Hall. On the following morning, Friday, he left by special train for Longford and Deloraine, accompanied by a number of gentlemen who had been invited. At Longford a stoppage was made, and His Excellency and party alighting, Warden Archer, Councillor Wilmore, and the Council Clerk, were introduced by Mr. Adye Douglas, Explanation waa made that the visit having been unexpected, preparations of welcome had not been made. After some little conversation the carriages were re-entered, and the next wait was made at Hagley. A start waa soon again made, and Westbury wasspeedily reached. AbandandothertokenB of welcome were on tue p'atfnrm. Mr. Douglas intro- duced to His Excellency tho Warden, Councillors, and Council Clerk ; and an address was presented to him on behalf of the Warden, councillors, and electors of the municipality. His Excellency replied, stating that he regretted he could not make a longer stay in the North, which reminded him of England by its scenery. He intended to throw himself heart and soul into the duties devolving on him. The Vice-Kegal party were then driven to Mr. Smith's hotel, where, at the invitation of Captain Jones, they partook of luncheon. Captain Jones proposed the health of His Excellency, and Sir George responded, expressing his gratitude at the warm reception he had met with, and toping by his deeds to prove how desirous he was to promote the advancement of the colony. A visit was .hen paid to the publio school. A return was nade to the train, were hearty cheers were given for His Excellency, and the visitors were carried on to Deloraine, where the Warden was introduced to Sir George, and in turn presentod Councillors Bramich. Sall, Smith, Shorey, and McNeeco, and the Council 31erk. The Council Clerk then read an address to His Excellency, welcoming him to Deloraine. His Excellency expressed his intention to do all in his »wer to further the welfare of the colony. Sir George vas shown tho sights of the place, and the return ourney was then entered upon. At the junction His Excellenoy changed trainB, and returned to Sobart. Sir Henry Lefroy left Melbourne on the 5th inst., jy special train, for Sydney. The party lunched at llhury, and afterwards proceeded to Sydney by the irdinary train. On December 9, Sir Henry ac lompanied the Governor and other gentlemen on a n'ait to the harbour batteries and torpedo station, ind witnessed some interesting practice with the guns, rad also torpedo experiments. Sir Henry expressed ?is approval of the defences, thinking, that with a few mprovements, they would be all that could be lesired. On December 9, the Attornoy-General, Mr. W. [I. Giblin, late Colonial Treasurer, who has inter, ihanged offices with Mr. J. S. Dodds, the late Attorney-General, presented his Utters patent at ,ho Supreme Court, and asked to have them re ¡ordod. Their Honors, the Chief Justice and Mr. Tustica Dobson sat in Banco on December 9. A utting in Matrimonial Causes was also held. The .ule niai in Wallace v. Wallace was made absolute, tod a rule nisi was granted for the dissolution of narriage in the cause of Eiszele v. Eiszelc and Way. k. Criminal Sittings waa held on December 13. The prinoipal case waa that of Edward and Catherine Wicks, charged with having robbed, with violence, me Joseph Rhodes, of Constitution Hill, on the 29th September laBt. A great deal of interest was taken in the case. The man was acquitted, but the woman was found guilty of robbery, lud was sentenced to imprisonment for three ¡rears. W. Sharp, for burglary at Hobart, was jentonood to imprisonment for six years. Allan Williamson, for uttoring a forged cheque, was sen- - tenccd to bo imprisoned for five years. Tbo re- mainder of tho casos wera of no magnitude. The Dew Criminal Procedure, passed last session, allow- ing the counsel for tho defence to open his case before calling evidence, and after having called evidence to sum it up and again address the jury, was introduced for the first time at this sittings, The late municipal elections were the cause of soneiderable interest to citizens, there being no less than six candidates for the three vacant seats in the Hobart Council. Tho candidates were Messrs. Marsh, Watchorn, Harbottle, Seabrook, Pike, and Batt, the retiring aldermen being Messrs. Burgess, Seabrook, and Pike. Mr. Burgess did not seek re alection. A poll was taken ou December 9, with the following result:-Marsh, 1,150; Watchorn, 1,014; Harbottle, 1,007; Seabrook, 915; Pike, 921 ; Batt, 512. Messrs. Marsh, Watchorn, and Harbottle were deolared duly elected, aud took their soats at the Couucil table on December 12, wheu the various committees for the year were ap- pointed. Ou Saturday, December 10, the election of the Mayor was held, and Alderman Harcourt, who held office during the past year, was re- elected to hold the office. On December 13, His Worship gave a dinner at tho Ship Hotel, which proved to be of a most enjoyable nature. In Launceston, on the Saturday, Aldermen Fairthorno, Farrelly, and Turner made tho usual declaration on their re- election, and the retiring Mayor, Alderman Douglas, was unanimously re-eleoted to the offioe. In the outlying diatrioU the following Councillors and Wardens were elected or re-elected as the case might be. UNCOSTESTED ELECTIONS. Oatlands.-Councillors T. Littlechild snd Jas. Lord, Warden, J, C. Lord. Bothwell.-Councillors Wm. Nicholas and John Ibbott. Warden, N. P. Allison. Longford.-Councillors John Wilmore and T. W. Hortle. Warden, W. H. D. Archer. Kew Norfolk.-Councillors W. A. Bethune Jamieson and A. T. W. Downie. Warden, W. A. Bethune Jamieson. Riohmond.-Councillors A. J. Ogilvie and W. Rumney. Wardeo, W. C. Simmons. Ross,-Councillors Wm. Brownaud J. Westbrook. Warden, E. B. Blyth. Spring Bay.-Councillors G. A. Mace and J. C. Turvey. Warden, F. Mace. Westbury.-Councillors D. Burke snd J. French. Warden, J. P. Joue», Green Ponds.-Councillors D. Brown and S. Blackwell. Warden, T. Gorringe. CONTESTED ELECTIONS. ' Clarence.-Councillors J. MoDermott and Wm, Young. Warden, Henry Lamb, M.H.A.. < Sorell.-Councillor« Frederick Charles Steele and Edward Marshall. Warden, W. Peacock. Glamorgan.-Councillors F. M. Gill and John Lyne. Warden, J. Lyne. Hamilton.-Councillor» J, F. Walker and H. Nicholas. Warden, J. King. Evandale.-Councillors J. I. Boyes and H, B. Dowie. Warden, - Collins. Campbell Town.-Councillors 0. H. Leake and F. Hart. Warden, G. H. G. Fletcher. Deloraine.-Councillor« J. Hart and Hobt. Hall. Warden, J. Hart Fingal.-Councillor« T. A. O'Connor and H. S. Hewitt. Extraordinary vaoanoy, Councillor R. S. Gleadow. Warden, S. H. Grneber. Brighton.-Councillors J. J. Butler and T. Mortyn. Warden, W. Gunn. Glenorchy.-Councillors Wright and Murray. Warden, Wm. Murray. The Volunteers took a fitting part in the publio welcome and reception of our new Governor, on the 7th inst., the Southern Rifle Regiment furnishing a guard of honour, and a detachment of the Artillery Corps firing the customary sainte. The service ap- peared to still greater advantage in the North, where, on the occasion of Sir G. C. Strahan's visit on the 14th inst., in addition to the guard of honour and battery, the Northern force supplied an escort formed of 21 of the Volunteor Light Horse, an arm that has no representatives in the Southern distriot. At the Commandant's monthly parade of the Southern force, held on the 5th inst., the Rifles mustered 121 strong, and the Artillery 111. A re-action seems to have set in in mining speculation. At present sales of scrip are few; in fact it is sometimes impossible to hear of a single sale. Every one talks of the depression, but nobody can satisfactorily account for it. No absolute failure has been recorded to account for this state of things, and it is probable that the present depression is like similar periods of depression—equally un- accountable—which have occurred in other com- munities, and which bave been tided over. While in the great centres of population speculation ia dull, the miner is busy at work, and on all the mineral fields in the island progress is being made in the various claims, and to the managers reports from each mine the shareholders anxiously look for information. Prospectors are still busy endeavour- ing to discover valuable properties for those specu- lators who have sent them out. Some are successful, but many are not, and numbers are returning to Hobart and Launceston, having spent the pros- pectors money and found no mineral. Others again have been lucky, and on their "finds" com- panies are almost [?]y being placed on the market. The excitement a Mount Heemskirk is now sub- siding, and prospectors are leaving the district, and the field will soon be left to the miners. As far as can be seen at present every- thing promises well for the future prosperity of Mount Heemskirk, and the great extent of country containing tin assures us that employment will be found for a large population. On the Orient claim work will shortly be commenced. The Montagu Co. have struck a lode, and work is progressing favourably on the Cumberland, Prince George, and othes claims. Good news still reaches us from the Pie- man, Lucy and Whyte rivers, and miners who are trying their cin these localities are making good wages. Information has reached us, from Corinna, that the prospector of the Corinna Association has struck payable alluvial tin. The Deep Lead and Terrace Co., Corinna, is also making good headway. In the neighbourhood of Mount Bischoff several companies have good prospects, and shareholders in the different companies are pleased with the pro- gress being made. On the 3rd December a oake of gold, weighing 2,070oz., was sent to Launceston from the Tasmania claim, Beaconsfield. This oompany has declared a dividend, the 38th, of 3s. per 30,000th share The amount of this dividend is £4,500, and the tax payable on it is £168 15s. The oompany have now declared in 38 dividends a total of £155,760, or equal to £51 15s. per share on the old issue, and making 12s. per share paid sinoe the capital was increased from 3,000 shares to 30,000 shares. The manager of the Port Phillip claim in the same neighbourhood reports that he has had splendid results during the past fortnight. The manager of the Alpine G.M. Co., Mangana, reports that 36oz. 10dwt. has been obtained from 48 tons of quartz, or an average of 15dwt. 5gr. to the ton. From the Viotoria Co.'s claim the information reoeived is a little more encouraging, although gold is not being found in sufficient quantities to pay, All the claims on the Chum line of reef (Lefroy) are thought highly of, and tnis gold reef is perhaps the best defined in the colony. The New Chum recently crushed 130 tons quartz, which yielded 188oz. amalgam; and the Weat New Chum obtained from the plates and ripples 991oz. amalgam from 220 tonaquartzorushed. From Gladstone the news is not so enoouraging. The Royal Tasman has lost the reef, and shares, which a few weeks ago were selling at from £6 to £7, have fallen to 3s. and 4s. Shares in other claims on the same line of reef are equally depressed. From other parts of the colony little information has come to hand during the past fortnight, with the exception that mining managers are pushing ahead with all dispatch. Mr. Thureau has started for Mount Claude, in which silver has been discovered. He will examine and report upon it. Professor Denton, the famous geologist, is now in Tasmania, and to-night will commence a series of lectures in the Town Hall. A numbsr of stock brokers, at a meeting held recently, have decided to establish a Stook Exohange in Hobart. The Exchange will be composed of stock and share brokers and licensed auctioneers only. One of the principal provisions in the rules is that each broker or other eligible person desiring to become a member of the Exchange, shall find one approved security of £50 that he will observe and keep the rules of the Exchange. An entrance fee of £2 2s,, and an annual subscription of £3 3s., payable quarterly, will be the charge of member- . ship. In the case of a second member of a firm j deBiring to enter the Exchange, a reduced entrance fee of £1 Is,, and an annual subscription of £2 2s. will be oharged. The steamer Amy still continues her trips between Hobart, Macquarie and Trial Harbours, and the Pieman River. Country correspondents have been sparing during the fortnight in their comments on the appearance of the fields and orchards ; almost the only line to hand being from the Huon district, where fruit is plentiful, and cereals look well. The weather is said to have been all tho farmers of that locality could desire. This is so far satisfactory, but the weather to non- agriculturists has had its "dis- agreeables." After a spell of fine, but oppressively sultry weather, there has been a prevalence of cold and wet, with glimpses of sunshine as harbingers perhaps of the settled fine weather we may expect after Christmas. The first horticultural show held at Campbell Town, took plaoe on the 8th inst,, and i was attended with an encouraging amount of success. , We are sorry to hear the grubs bave again made j their appearance in various parts of the country, , and have attacked the grass. Sparrows are voted a , perfect pest and nuisance Owners of orchards and ! fruit gardens, as well as farmers with Colds of ¡ barley, are loud in their outcries, concerning the destruction wrought by those "pestiferous im- portations from the old country. ' The Church of England Diocesan Synod con- , eluded its session on the 8th inst, On the 7th , inst,, on tho motion of Archdeacon Hales, a vote of sympathy was passed to Canon Brownrigg, on j the intelligence of the death of his brother, Captain Brownrigg, whiM engaged on board the pinnace London in oonfliot with a slaver off the Zinzibar Coast. The work of the session has included the passing of a bill to make provision for the retire- ment of Bishops, It provides that a Bishop «rho shall have held the Bee for 15 years, may, on arriving at the age of 65, retire on an allowance. A committee has been appointed by the Synod to prepare a bill to give enabling powers to the Bishop to convey the episcopal eatatoa at Bishops- bourne and New Town to the trustées of Churoh property, and to make provision for the payment out of the rents of the debentures of the allowance to a retiring BiBhop. Resolutions were passed by the Synod, aocepting the constitution of the General Synod of the Dioceses of Australia andTasmanai. To the other measures of the session the Lord . Bishop gave a ready assent, but to the resolu- tions last referred to he raised a strong objec- tion, but eventually yielded to the general wish of the members, who reoeived the announcement of his assent to their views with cordial acolamation. A three days' bazaar has been held in the Good Templars' Hall, New Town, in aid of the Sunday school building fund of St. John's parish. The sum of £180 was realised by the sales effected, but artioles to the value of between £100 and £150 re- main to be disposed of, and a bazaar for that pur- pose will ba held either at Hobart or New Town. Sunday school anniversaries have been celebrated by the Wesleyans at Franklin and Carrick. At similar services on the 11th inst., in connection with St. Paul's Sunday school, and St. Andrew's Presbyterian Sunday school, Launceston, the collec- tions reslised in the first case £26, in the second £00. The anniversary services of St. Andrew's Presby- terian Sunday school, Evandale, held on the 11th inst., were largely attended. A new place of worship for members of .the Church of England has been opened at Lefroy by the Lord Bishop of Tasmania, who was accompanied by Archdeacon Hales. It is to be known as St. Andrew's Church. His Lordship preached at the morning and evening services on the opening day, and in the afternoon addressed the Sunday school children. On the following day, after a publio tea, of whioh between «ix and seven hundred persons partook, a sacred concert was given, the vocalism being preceded by an address from Bishop Bromby, and interspersed with speeches from Mr. Audley Coote, M.H.A., Mr. Bernard Shaw, and Mr. Sullivan. The whole of the ceremonies and proceedings passed off moat successfully; On the 10th ins», ino Bishop ol Tea mania administered Holy Orders at St David'è Cathedral, when the Rev. W. Hogg (curate of Hely Trinity parish. Launceston) and the Rev. J. Cf. Morling (onrate of the parish of Mersey) were ordained priests. The following clergymen were present :-The Dean, the Ven. Archdeacon Daves« port, the Reva. Canon Mason, S. B. Fookes, J. O. Whall, G. W. Shoobridge, J. C. Mace, John Gray, H. Williams, and W. Pnrey-Cust (from England). Sinoe our last Summary, the great educational events of the year have taken place, and the following account of them will no doubt be found interesting : TASMANIAN SCHOLARSHIPS. The number of candidates was three, being only half as many as last year, and both the available Scholarships, which are each worth £200, tenable for four years, were gained. Last yaar both Scholarship« were also taken, J. S. Clemons, with 2,581, and John Warnock, with 2,024 mark«, being the successful candidate». On the present occasion Claude William Rock obtained the highest number of marka, having scored 2,669 out of a possible 3,760. This is the largest number of marka ever obtained by a Tasmanian Scholar. Rock beating Arthur Pitcairn Canaway, who, in 1875, secured 2,064 marks, or five less than Rock; the next in order being Clemons, who, in 1879, obtained 2,581 marks. Under these circumstance« Rock may be heartily congratulated, for, not only ha» ho sucoeeded in obtaining this Scholarship, but be has distinguished himself by obtaining the greatest number of marks on record. He is ja Board'a Exhibitioner, having sncoessfully passed his examination in 1877. and in 1879 he took hi« A.A. Degree, being fourth on the list of sncoessfal candidates in that year. He has been educated at the Church Grammar Sohool, Launceston. Fre- derick Lodge ii the other »noceaiful boy, who ?tanda well on the list with 2,328 mark« to hi« oredit. This total has only been five times beaten by students who bave obtained a Scholarship sicoe 1861\. Lodge is a son of Mr. F. Lodge, ohief clerk to Messrs. Roberts, Allport, and Allport, and ia a student at the High School. He is a Board,'« Exhibitioner, and took his A A. Degree in 1879\. He has also obtained a Minor Scholar- ship, and a Dry Scholarship. The third candidate, " L," Charles Dowdell, son of Mr. Charles Dowdell, Hobart, and student at the Hutchins Sohool and Christ's College, obtained 2,162 marks, being sufficient to secure him a Soholsrahip, had he not been beaten by Rock and Lodge. Dowdell has now not another opportunity of competing for this Scholarship, as his sge debars him. In Mathematics,- he obtained 1,111 marks, beating Lodge, who only sooured 719. In Modern Languages and History, Lodge obtained most marks-486-beating Rock 333 ; and Dowdell, 315. It will be observed from a glanoe at the table subjoined, that Dowdell sue ceded in scoring more marks than any of the other candidates in Trigonometry and Differential Cal. culus. The following is the table : Subject«. Matiumutics I. Arlthmetlo and Algebra II. Euclid, Geometrical Conto, and Trigonometry.. III. Trigonometry, ana Analy, Meal Conies .. IV. Differential Calculus and Na- tural Philosophy ... Total Classics I. Greek Authors .. .. It. Latin Authors. III. General Questions ,. .. IV. Greek Composition .. ., V. Latin Composition ... ., VI. Ancient History, '.. /.. Total . MoniRN LANoDAazs Ann His tobv I. English. II. French. III. Constitutional and European History Total ... Grand Total 13,760'2,328 2.000 12,162 Scholars-" X," O. W. Kout, A.A., 187». i " V," F. Lono», A.A , 1878. A.A. DEGREE. This examination began on Friday, November 29, the Rev. Dr. Bromby being the examiner. The number of candidates were 17-13 males and 14 females-and all succeeded in passing the prelimi nary, with the exception of two hoys. The number of candidates last year was 21, being four mere than this year. Of the 15 candidates 9 obtained Brat class hononr», 4 second class, and 2 third class. The senior, James Harcourt Smith, obtained 3,384 mark», a number which has only been nine times topped. In 1878 he obtained a Counoil of Education Exhibition. Last year the highest number of mark« was obtained by A. A. Allport, who, with 4,069 to his oredit, has beaten every candidate who hu tried to take the degree. James Roland Pope «tanda seoond, with 3,309 marks, John James Macnamara being third, with 3,038. Macnamara gained, a Board's Exhibition in 1876, when he stood third ó» the list. James Saunders stands fourth, with 2,786 marks, and is followed by Walter Henry Reed, with 3,745 marks. Reed passed with credit the Matriculation Examination, Melbourne University, in the end of February, 1881. At that examination be presented 8 subjeots, passed in all, and " well " in four. Of the successful candidates 3 were educated at the Church Grammar School, 3 at the Hutchins School, 2 at the High School, 3 at Horton College, 2 at Mrs. Reynolds', 1 at Miss Garrett'«, ind 1 at the Ladies' College. Miss Emily Jane White, who only appears 10th on the Hat with 2,333 mark 8, beat all thecandidates in Englisb,Frencb, »nd Italian. The following is the table of marka : S'OSagiffSiBgSPasï » fcctf'S3 fc-BoS °Sf £§.5»m&S2R; &8 8 . rj£- : Sû^fi- * 8- S ' la" -lBar 't'5 ?s 11. -&./ A ai', -i . .f a.~_t* _ p ¥r~a _>__"~u f?8 § ££§? g1' I g1 | g§ HI g| g 8« 8*3 3 »"0 B S B SR I "A (It i- ..I Vii üb . .vail ?-i*iti ¡?I a ga r>s.S:a è B PS S»3 f P *P fjaP a- r* >*? £>> P P* r» f» sesss fëgis English S&óSSSSSSgS'áSílS 11 asiislagii||g|! g S S 13 g g S g p EJ BlffisTi I I g1 I I I I I I I I I | gi I lifl I I I !§!§! || iiaSSIS§3§8Sg§3i Mathematics -,, I I I I I I igSi I |g§g|g Natural Fhnoaophjr I I I I I I I I I Igl I I I Chemistry I I I I II I I I ifgl I I 1§ Geology SI I I I I I I I I I I I IS| Igl I I I I I I I I I I I I |i ».h>OPCCW4-OlAOiM-IOC«ÇO ¡3w-öoCSJ.©©i».»w5ß rJ^tWOHWOCO^IJWeiWO«* ËH co g> jp ¡jp H3 ni *iTi hghrj 3 ni HJ "?S3o3333333333 aa ANNUAL MEETING Ol' THE COUKCIIi or EDUCATION. A large gathering of prominent citizens 'took place in the Town Hall on Monday, at noon, 'the occaaion being the annual meeting of the Council of Education, This meeting is alwaya looked for- ward to by the citizens of Hobart, and is one in which the pupils attending the various schools' in town tske a great delight. On Monday the body of the hall waa closely packed with ladies and gentle- men, the degree boys oocupying the front seats, and the school boys those in the rear. The platform was occupied almost altogether by ladies. In the centre, immediately behind the Vioe-Regal chairs, the Mayor (Alderman Harcourt) was seated in hit ohair of state. The Tasmanian Scholars occupied the left of the platform, and immediately behind them were the young lady Associates. On jthe right band end of the platform were seated, the chief examiner, Dr. Bromby, in the scarlet robes of a Doctor of Divinity ; the Rev. Christopher Bromby and Mr. Doran, in academia gowns, Inspectors Stephens and Rule, and Mr. Richardson, secretary of the Council. A number of old Tasmanian Scholars occupied a position opposite the entrance deer,-, under the mirror. . While waiting the arrival of His Excellency, Mr. F. Packer filled the hall with melody, playing the Commemoration March, by Merka!, on the organ. At 12 o'clock the National-Anthem -being substituted for the Commemoration March, was a signal of the approach of His Excellency. The President of the Council of Education, the hon. Dr. Butler, M.H.A., entered the hall first, and approached the platform, followed by Sir G. C. Strahan, who, having ascended the platform, bowed to thoae present, and at the con- clusion of the National Anthem took his Boat. The following members of the Council accompanied His Excellency, and were accommodated with seats on the platform :-The Hon. T. D. Chapman, Hon. F. M. innes, Hon. W. R. Giblin ; Ven. Archdeacon Davenport, Rev. W. J. Dunne, Rev. R. D. P. Harria; Messrs. W. Tarloton, James Grant, and T. Stephens. Tho Colonial Secretary (the Hon. W. Moore) and the Colonial Treasurer (the Hon. J. S. Dodds) occupied seats in the body of tho hall. When all were seated the proceedings commenced. TUB BOABD'S EXHIBITIONS. Mr. T. Stephens, one of the Examiners for tho Ex-' hibitioos annually offered by the Board of Education from public to superior schools, read the report of the examination held in June last, recommending that Exhibitions be awarded to Alfred Thomas Harris, Joseph Wilson, Ernest Edward Reid, Tho*. James Stubbs, Hy. Boyes, Lloyd John HoIHb Oldmeadow, Mary Teresa Roper. Clotilde Eugenio Leonora Allsopp, and Marion Fanny demons. As the reci- pients present were introduced to the President, he cordially congratulated them on their success, and formally awarded the Exhibitions. Several of the reci- pients who reside in the North of the island were absent. THE COUNCIL'S EXHIBITIONS. The Rov. Christopher Bromby read the Examiners' report on the contest for two Exhibitions of tho value of £20 each per annum, annually offored by the Council, 'and tenable for four years. The report recommended that the Exhibitions be awarded to James Edward Miles Roche and John Roberts Allport. Bach recipient "as he was introduced to the speaker was loudly cheered. \- After formally conferring the Exhibitions on the sue ? ceaaful students, the President said a few kindly words of congratulation to eacb. To Roche ho said : You aro a credit to the Board of Education, and to the private school« of the colony. Go on in the same path nnd we wiH «ee you here again. (Cheers.) To .A llport he also 'spoke in terms of encouragement, remarking that his wss a name which had long been associated with the Council's Exhibitions and the A.A. Degree. ' ' ' ' A.A. degree. Dr. Bnoirar read the report of the Examiners. . 1800-1871 -' 1872 i .' i 1873 \- 1874 , 1875 ' 1870 . ' 1877 '. . 1878 .' 1870 1830 1881 a « Avcrago, 1300-1871. The Examination this year has not been bo brilliant -In results as in some former years ; but there were a few features which gave great satisfaction, especially -in the Mathematical and Scientific rchools. One occurrence was the occasion of much regret, viz., that 'a Candidate^ lost the whole of her Latin marks by an apparent misapprehension. In order to discourage a mere smattering of knowledge, no maries aro allowed 'In any subject unless they reach a certain standard ; and the Candidate in question by neglecting the whole of one Latin paper, which could hardly have failed to produce the requisite number of marks, lost in con- sequence her position in the First Class, The Prizes, which by the Council's Regulations must be awarded, are : The Council's Gold Medal. J. H. Smith. First Prize for Greek. R. J. Pope. First Prize for Mathematics. J. H. Smith. ; The following Prizes, which by the Council's llegu -lations are left to the discretion of the Examiners,' ¡have thus been awarded :- ; -Becond Prize for English..'. W. H. Reed. ¡ Second Prize Ifor Greek. J. J. Macnamara.' ,Second Prize for French. J. H. Smith. ' ¡ jSecond Prizo for Mathematics. W. H.'Reed. r i Prize for Natural Philosophy. J. H. Smith.,, ! Prize for Chemistry...'.. W. H. Reed. \- Prize for Geology. W. H. Reed. 'Prize for Drawing.. Sarah Janelveyi "..,"" Special Prizes. The Council's Silver Medal.V ' ^foriçS:::::::::::::::::::::::::}^^-^^" Prize for Italian.J " ["" In justice to this candidato it Bhould be stated .- that these Prizes would hnve been First Prizes had not ' the,Regulations been that no First Prize can ho taken . by any candidate whose name does not appear in the , First Class of Associates of Arts.] ,- Dr, Bbomby then introduced the successful candi. J dates to tho President. Dr. Butler cordially shook each by tho hand previous to handing to him or her ; the certificate, and conferred the degree upon them ?with1 th* usual stereotype formalities. He also ad? 1 dressed a few words of advice nnd congratulation to "each. The President then proceeded to givo Miss ' Bmith the Council's silror medal, nwarded to the senior i female Associate of Arts. This is the first year in , whioh such a medal has been awardod. It is a very hand , some medal, and is accompanied bv a silver necklet. suitable for a young lady. The President next conferred , a Dry and Minor Scholarship on Smith, and a Minor Scholarship on Pope. On tho dais was n goodly show 1 of handsomely-bound books, «elected by tho successful ' prize-winners at Messrs. J. Walch and Sons. '" ? ' THE TASM\NIAN SCHOLARSHIPS. 'Dr. Bromby then read tho following report of the ' Examination for the Tasmanian Scholarships nf £200 ' a year, tenable for four years at any British Univer slty: i. We have the honour to report that the Examlna ' tton for the Tasmanian Scholarships began on i Monday, the 28th November, and continued during t,the week. ',,, Threo Candidates only presented '.hemselves under n the mottoes of "V," "L," " X-,"of these "X" proved , himself the best Mathematical, but "L"had made "'greater advances in the subjoct, and had he been able to deal with the lower branches with ordinary dexterity, would have proved an equal match. The Greek and Latin compositions of both " V " and " X" "were remarkably good, and "Va" general knowledge of the languages, especially Latin, very extensive. In French and English, too, " V " showed his superiority, but "his Mathematics were somewhat feeble. The Bum total bf "X's" marks were 2,609; of "V's"2,328; and of "L'a" 2,102: all three, there fore, very decidedly above the proscribed standard of 1,650. !' X's " Classical marks wero 1,118, and .' V's" 1,123, both of them satisfying the required conditions. .. X " and " L " obtained for their Mathematical papers 1,218 and 1,111 respectively, which exceeded the requisite number of 750. \- On opening the sealed envelopes it was found that the Scholars for the year were-Claude William Rock, A.A., 1870 ; Frederick Lodge, A.A., 1878. It also appeared that Charles Seymour Dowdoll had Come within the limits of eligibility to a Scholarship, The President [formally presented the Scholar -Ships, and as the successful candidates walked to the front of the platform they were greeted with deafening applause. To Rock the President said : It is with great pleasuro that I award to you that distinction-the Tasmanian Scholarship-which yea have so well earned. (Cheers.) I am quite sure that as a representative in England of this colony, you will pay the same attention to your studies lhere as hore, and wo will bear of you, as we have heard of our former scholars, in the honour lists of an English University. I have known you so well and so long that I feel that words of encourage- ment are almost unnecessary, because I know the same energy and application you have shown in thu past will in future mark your oourse in England, and that you will become a distinguished man and a worthy representative of tho colony. (Cheers.) ToLodgohe Baid: You have worked long enough for this distinction, and you were not discouraged because of previous failures, and, therefore, you _deserve what you have gained. (Applause.) , THE PRESIDENT'S ADDREB3. -The President then read tho following address : Your Excellency, Ladies, and Gentlemen,-Wo have -now arrived at the 22nd annual public meeting of the Council of Education for the purposeof granting tho Ex- hibitions, A. A. Degrees, and Tasmanian Scholarships, awarded to the successful candidates at tho examina- tions far the year. During thin period of years the BVBtom has progressively increased in the high standard of acquirements necessary for success in its different stages, as well as in the number of students who pre _ sent themselves as candidates for these educational honours. In the first examination in 1800, the standard of marks requisite for passing, and for passing with honour, had been assimilated as far as possible to the _ BchemeB of the Oxford _ and Cambridge " Local "Examinations," thus qualifying the candidates who should attain the degree for the more spocial BtudieB, and the result has been that in the period from 18G0 to the present time, 216 students have had the degree of Associate of Arts conferred upon them, and a reference to the reports of the Council " evidence that nearly the whole of these have been enabled subsequently to qualify themselves \- for professional or scholastic pursuits, thus fulfilling the indications of those who originated this scheme of education. At an early period efforts were made by the Council to attach to the degree of Associates of Arte Borne substantial advantages in its recognition by other examining bodies. The legal profession in this colony have accepted it as an equivalent for their literary examination, and the General Council of ' ' Medical Education of the United Kingdom and the I 'Boyal College of Surgeons hnve given to our degree !', the same privileges as those of the English and some ., other Universities. The trustees of the Gilchrist Scholarship Fund, on the application of the Council " of Education, accorded to tho students of our schools I i ' the opportunity, biennally, of obtaining one of , these scholarships of the value of £100 per annum, -for three years, tenable at the Universities of London 'or Edinburgh. Five examinations have been held nudes the supervision of the Council, at which twelve ' candidates have presented themselves, and four of our promising students have acquired the prize, and two of them are uow pursuing their studies for the medical .profession with this aid. Arrangements hnve also been made with the authorities of the Melbourne .University for local examinations for Matriculation at ,, .the Melbourne University, anil for the Civil Service, under the supervision of this Council. There are two, sometimes three, examinations held each year for these purposes. Since their establishment in 1872, 61 candidates have taken advantage of these oppor- tunities, 30 of wham passed the Matriculation Examination, and 31. the Victorian Civil Service Examination. The authorities connected with the Royal Mint, Melbourne, also entrusted an examina- tion for a clerkship in that department to the snper I vision of this Council. Last month the Sydney University sanctioned tho " Public Examination " in connection with that Uniiersity being held under tho supervision of this Council, and the Council are now in-correspondence with tho authorities of that University, with a view to the establishment of periodical examinations connected with that institu- tion being held at Hobart. A communication originating with my_ predecessor in office has met with great success in obtaining from the London University their consent whereby persons in this colony may present themselves at a local examination for Matriculation at such University, either in the January or Juno examination each year, and also for examination for degree« in the Faculty of Arts. It i» very pleasing to note that as years pass on the Council of Education is enabled to enter Into relations with these various educational institutions, enlarging our sphero of usefuluess, and enabling Rtudents who may hereafter desire to Btudy jn these Universities to do so at less expenditure of timo and money. In tho Parliamentary session of 1871, con- sideration waa given to a proposition emanating from the Council, that the young ladies of the colony should enjoy the samo advantages as the malo students of admission to the degree of Associate of Arts-(hear, hear, and cheers)-thus enabling them to obtain that recognition of their industry and ability which might be of advantage to them in their future life. (Cheers.) At the outset the examination was conducted _ by different examinors, but after that the examina1 ionB were the same as for the male candidates, and the Council of Education have had the pleasure of recog- nising the claims of young ladies for the same distinction. The first examination occurred in 1872, and sinco that date no less a number than 39 have liad the degree conferred upon them, many of them obtaining a highly creditable posi- tion in the prizo lists. In 1875, tho first prizes for Gorman and Italian, and the second prizes for French and English, were carried off hy one young lady. In the following year a lady candidate gained first prizea in English, French, and German, and another the first prize for Italian and the second prizo in German. In 1878, the first prizes in French and German were secured by a lRdy candidate. In 1879, the prize for Music and the seconil prizes for English and French fell to young lady Associates, i while last year the first prizes in English, German, and Italian, and second prizo in French, wero all carried off by one young lady ; and in the samo year prizes for Drawing and Music wero gained by other lady candidates. And tho report just read by Dr. Bromby shows that a lady Btudent obtained the first placo in English, French, and Italian this year. (Cheers.) The Board of Education in 1875, taking into consideration the admission of young ladies to the examination for the degree of Associate of .Art», applied to Parliament through the Government, that female pupils in the primary schools might be allowed to participate in the advantages of exhibitions to superior schools, to qualify them to reach the necessary standard for the degree. The liberality of the Parliament in the courso of education has never been called in question, nnd the request was acceded to. Seventeen female pupils have had the exhibitions awarded _ to them, and aro now pursu- ing their studies in superior schools. It is gratifying to mo to bo able to announce that the Legislature has also provided for an increase in the Council of Education Exhibitions. In June next there will be fivo Exhibitions instead of two, as hereto- fore, and theso will be open to girls and boys alike ; and from experiences of post ex«minations generally it may safely bo anticipated Unit the former will secure their fair sharo of the advantages offered. Hitherto those Exhibitions were confined to male candidates, hut now the whole of the public examina- tions, with the exception of the Tasmanian Scholar- ships, nro open alike to students of either sex ; and I hope the day is not far off when wo will ho able to confer on ladies a University degree Bimilar to those granted by Borao of the Universities in the old country and neighbouring colonies. The Scholarships, which were foundod by Parliament, were first awarded In the year 1802, and since that time 25 of tho youug men who had succeeded in ohtaiulng the preliminary degree of A.A. gained this rich prize and great dis- tinction, enabling them to secure educational ad- vantages of tho highest class, fitting _ them under- taking professional pursuits, or tuition in the higher branches of scholarship. Wo have had the pleasure cf welcoming back many of our old "Scholars, who have severally gained the respect and esteem of three with whom tbey wero brought into contact in the mother country ; while the Honour list is most creditable to them, as evidencing the same uniform application to the cultivation of their talents as marked their scholoAtio career while here. It is most gratifying to notice the Bteady progression which has taken placo In the competition for this award. In the first nine years only nine of the competitors attained the very high standard of marks which the Council had fixed as the necessary qualification for success ; whilst in the samo number of years following sixteen Scholar- ships wera awarded. Gratifying as these results must be to all of us, interested in tina cause, there is one marked feature which ought not to bo passed by without remark. It has been tho custom of each suc- ceeding President to enforce on the attention of those about to leave us and encounter, without the Bticcour and comfortB of their ownhomes, the dangers and diffi- culties attending a University career ; that it was a trust reposod in them to maintain the good credit of tho colony for morality in their conduct, as well as th» faithfulness of their work. To the Council of Education it bas been a source of unminglcd satisfac- tion to receive from time to time evidenpo not only of the continued Industry of ourSchnhvs,whicharemarkod notably in our Honour list, hut they have succeeded all through in maintaining their high moral character. Thestimulusgiven to tho causeof a sound education by the establishment of exhibitions from primary echools to the superior schools, nnd the subsequent exhibi- tions awarded by tho Council of Education have been stops in tho educational ladder inoBt efficiently preparing tho youths fur the competition for the larger prizes within their reach. Sinco their origin in 1SG0, 17 of (ha Exhibitioners from primary schools have succeeded in obtaining the Council's Ex- hibitions, whilst moro than 30 have obtained the de- gree of Associates of Arts, and eight of the boys from the primary schools have obtained Tasmanian Scholar- ships-(choers)-and the half of these havo returned to the colony to assist others in the same path of progress, nnd the remainder ore still pursuing their studies at the Universities. To quote from a report made by the Council, for the in- formation of the Government of New Zealand, as to the working of the system in our colony : " It will bo seen that Scholarships are tho climax of a system whopo efforts extend to all primary schools throughout the island. Any boy, at a Government school, may hopo to obtain an Exhibition which shall enable him to afford tho expense of Btudylng in one of tho superior grammar schools. He may then, in future years, hopo to be a successful competitor for one of the Exhibitions conferred by tho Council of Education, theso nre tenablo for four years ; thus if tho boy take the_ A.A. Degree when he is 10, his Exhibition will assist in defraying the expenses of his studies till he may reasonably hope to compete for a Tasmanian Scholarship, with a fair prospect of success." So it would seem that other countries nre desirous of constructing a system on those lines, which have been so generally successful here. It is now well known that the anticipations of that time have not been exaggerated, but have afforded a continuous and pro- gressive stimulus to all our educational institutions, from the primary schools to the Benior classes of our grammar schools. This is also evidenced by the in- creased number of candidates who present themselves nt ench examination for tho Degree and Scholarships. During the first decade 71 students acquired the degree of Associate of Arts, during the same period following 142, or exactly double, were successful. It was for some tima felt that the system had still some deficien- cies, that a great gap was existent botween the A.A. Degree and the Scholarship, which, as one of our most valued members observed, required to be " bridged over " in order that a more free-and-easy access might be afforded to our greatest distinction. This has to some extent been remedied, first, by the initiation of the system of endowment by the committee of the Dry Testimonial Fund perpetuating the name of a good friend of our cause. We may nourish the hope that ns time rolls on, although we cannot expect such magnificent endowments as the neighbouring colonies hnve received, that some assistance will occasionally be derived from the friends of the system. The Uovernmen thave also obtained from the liberality of Parliament two " Minor Scholarships " of £10 par annum, awarded to the Senior Associates for two years to enable them to proceed with their course of study for this purpose. The experience of the last four or five years has impressed the Council with the opinion that there is a great and necessitous want to be provided. _ As the number of candidates for tho Scholarships increase there is no adequate recognition of the position of the other candidates, who having reached tho very high standard required for buccoss, their proficieucy hitherto has passed unrecognised by the Council by necessity. In a supple- mentary repoitof the Council of Education in 1875, it is stated that, " In the examination for the Scholarships, candidates nro required to attain a higher standard than would entitle them to a Pass Degree of H.A. nt tho Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, or Melbourne, and although the colony is at the expenso of holding yearly an examination of bo high a standard, yet it does not take advantago of it for any other pur- pose than to decido whether tho two annual Scholar- ships shall or shall not bo conferred," In 1875 measures were taken to endeavour to supply this want, and a bill was brought beforo Parliament at the inBtanco of tho Council of Education to establish a University with power to grant degrees, as it was felt by the Council that in order to render such degree one of practical value, and one which would be recognised out of Tasmania, it must be conferred by a University. The principle of the bill wat adopted by the Houso of Assembly, who passed it through ali its stages, but unfortunately it lapsed in the Legislative Council on account of the close of the session. It is to bo hoped that at an early period tho measure will again be brought under the notice of the Legis- lature. The establishment of such an institution on the lines of the London University would involve little, if any further cost than the present system. With regard to tho Tasmanian Scholars' studying in England, I lenrn that Mr. H. B. Barrett has passed his final law examination, and expects shortly to be called to the bar, when ho purposes returning to tho colony. Mr. G. A. MacMillan is preparing for the Tripos Examination, which takes place next February. Mr. N. E. Lewis is pursuing his studies at Balliol College, and intends going up for his B.A. Degree next term. Mr. J. G. Lindsay is steadily working tor hi Tripos Examination in June next,' and also keeping his Tern» at the Inner Temple. Mr. G. Q. Roberta is preparing to pass his "Schools of Divinity during the present term. Mr. O. A. Webster is study- ing for his M.B. Examination, which takes place this month. Mr. J. S. demons, Scholar of last year, has passed his " little go," and has matriculated into Corpus Christi College, Oxford. Mr. J. Warnock, liso a Scholar of last yoir, has entered at Edinburgh University as a medical student ; he matriculated tnd recently passed the "Honours" Logic Examination , with "credit and distinction," securing the tenth place rat of 527 candidates. I congratulate the recipients A the honours of the day on having achieved a real, lubstantial, and public success, and I, have a firm ; belief that the same steady industry ' whloh has ' signalised their effort« will be continuous, and that their talents and the opportunities afforded theuvtn the further, acquisition of knowledge will en«uni then devotion to a more extended oourse of study, and wat they will bear in mind that it becomes a duty to their country that the knowledge so acquired should be carefully used for the public good. (Cheers.) The Council bave at present under consideration a sugges tion to adopt the Scholarship scheme so as to admit of candidates who desiro to give prominenco to the study of either Classics or Mathematics to take advantage of cither course of study as their tastes or talents may incline, at the same time making no radical change in the present system. In the consideration of this subject they have derived considerable assist- ance from Dr. Bromby, to whom, as the Examiner-in Chief, they are also indebted for the early termination of the examinations, in which he was assisted by one of our returned Scholars, Mr. Doran, whose asaiatance waa acknowledged by the Examiner in-Chief in grati- fying terms. The President resumed his seat amidst prolonged cheering. His excellency then left the hall, followed by the spectators, Mr. Packer playing the Hallelujah Cborus on the organ. THE LUNCHEON. At tho close of the proceedings at the Town Hall a large and distinguished company sat down to the annual luncheon given by the Council of Education, which was held as usual in Webb's Assembly Room. The President of the Council presided, having on his right Ilia Excellency Sir G. C. Strahan, Mrs. Innes, and Mr, James Grant, and on his left Mrs. Grant, the Premier (Hon. W. R. Giblin), and Mrs. P. O. Fysh. Among those also present were the Colonial Secretary (Hon. W. Moore), the Colonial Treasurer (Hon. J. S. Dodds), the members of the Council of Education, the Tasmanian Scholars and the Associates of toe year, while a considerable number of ladies graced tho proceedings with their presence. The whole of the arrangements for the luncheon had been entrusted to Mr. Hadley, of the Ship Hotel, who, supplying the wines himself, called in the efficient services of Mr. C. D. Haywood as general caterer, and that gentleman provided a capital spread. Grace before meat was Slid by the Ven. Archdeacon Davenport Luncheon having hceu partaken of, The President proposed the toast of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, which was moBt loyally honoured. The President next proposed the toast of 3ir George Strahan, the Governor of the colony. He said that the fact of His Excellency having been selected for his present high position, and the fact of his having done analogous duties for so many years, warranted them in believing that he would take a largo interest | in the institutions of tho country, that he would develop much among them that needed development ; and would give them advice in accordance with the general interests of tbe community, (Applause ) He was sure thnt the same fesling of honour and loyalty that had always boen evinced to the representatives of Her Mnjesty would be accorded their honoured guest. (Loud cheers). The toast was drunk with the utmoät cordiality. His Excellency, on rising to respond, was received with great applause. He said : Mr. President, Ladies and Gentlemen,-My reception at Hobart has been most gratifying to me. To your well-known loyalty and attachment to tho inothor country I mint, to a very large extent, attribute the heartiness of the welcome which I havo re- ceived ns tho Queen's representativo. _ But I should indeed be ungrateful if I did not appreciate the kindly feelings which have boen shown towards myself per- sonally, by all classes of the community ; and I am especially grateful for tho kind manner in which I have been received here to-day. (Applause ) I feel thnt, after so short an experience of the colony, I am at some disadvantage in taking part in any proceed- ings connected with so important a subject as educa- tion ; and, indeed, it would bo unbecoming on my part if I were, so soon after my arrival, to address vou at any length upon your educational system. I will therefore confine myself to the toast which I havo been asked to propose, and I shall propose it with pleasuro, inasmuch as I have always taken a deep interest in education ; and I look back with pleasure, and I trust I may Bay with pride, to any services which I may have been able to render to it« cause. The toast of the Scholars of Tasmania is one which I am sure will meet with a hearty response from this audience. But before I say more, allow me in tho first place to express my very great pleasure at eeeing so large a number of ladies present at our proceedings to- day. (Much applause.) This of itself is a good sign for the future of Tas- mania. (Renewed applause.) If ladies are interested in any good work, depend upon it that work will succeed. We remember the old Bong-or rather I think it is the chorus, " Wliatover men dare they can do." I am rathor inclined to think that if women were substituted for men, the words of the song would stand more true. (Laughter and applause.) Daring my administration of Barbadoea an Education Act was passed, which I venture to say would be a credit to any colony. There, ns here, State aid is given to enable the most promising youths to follow their studies in the mother country. Now, what does this mean ? Why, it means that the highest education is within the roach of »11, whatever the position in life may be-(applause)-and that no one neod despair of a career which will be brilliant to him- self and useful to his fellow-men. I say useful to his follow-men, . because nothing that I know of can give the opportunity of doing so much good as a good education. I have now to address the Scholars of Tasmania, and I must say I cannot holp_ thinking that you must feel a deep debt of gratitude to the country which has givon you so mnny advantages, and has placed you in the posi- tion in which you ore to-day. We are apt to look upon prizes as the termination of struggles. I think that the experience of the world teaches us that they aro often but the beginning of struggles But I would say, " Bo not discouraged." Your education has not only developed your intellectual qualities, but it has, I hope, taught you habits which will ensure success in after life. (Applause.) Intellectual capacity and intel- lectual attainments, it should be remembered, are not everything. At school you aro taught habits of order, method, system, discipline, punctuality, respect for superiors, and above all, habits of truthfulness and straightforwardness-habits which will gain for you, not only tho respect and esteem of your fellow men, but what ia of far higher importance, the reward of an approving conscience. I feel, however, that in address- ing you tims I may bo trespassing on the preserves of tho Bishop, and this I should not wish to do even in bis absence. I will therefore confine myself to giving you advice, and I hope I may be pardoned for so doing, from a heathen author-advice which 1 have some- times given on similar occasions-advice, I may also add, which I myself received amongst other students. In the words of Homer :-" Always excel and tower above the rest." To you who have been unsuccessful on this occasion I would say, " Do not lose heart." You know the fable of the tortoise, which boat the Bivifter animal in the race. Now, there may be educa- tional tortoises. Perhaps you are educational tor. toiscs-(laughter)- but I feel confident that you will yet have your just reward ; for does not daily experience teach ns that failure itself is often the forerunner of success. Scholars of Tasmania, I wish you from ray heart every success and happiness, and I trust that your names will ever be associated with all that is' honourable to yourself and to others, and worthy of the liberality of Tasmania. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Rock responded, and said that when absent from Tasmania, the Tasmanian Scholars would not forget the advice His Excellency bad given. (Ap- plause.) The other toasts were :-" The Associatea of the Year," " The Examiners," " The Council of Educa- tion." "The Head Masters," and "The Ladies." The Hon. Mr. Wallop (His Excellency's private secretary) responded on behalf of the ladies, and said that whilst he was fully conscious of tbe honour done to him, at the Bame time he was not conscious of the reasons which had led to his being selected to respond to the toast. Though low in the list of toasts, it stood high in the hearts of every one present, The charms of the ladies of Tasmania formed, he believed, a subject of interest to every civilised bachelor throughout the world. He was afraid that his personal acquaintance with the ladies till then had been very much tbp Bame as the knowledge which tho mother country 10Û years ago must havo possessed of this colony. But he said, with all sincerity, may this be the initiation of a new era for him. (Cheers.) If there was one thing wbich struck one more than another about Tasmania, it waa its remark- able resemblance to the mother country, but in the matter of the higher education of women, the home country might copy this colony. Not only by the interest which the State took in education of women did they add to the power of women's influence, but thoy brought about such an intellectual association between the two sexes that the lady Associate of Arts was placed in an excellent position to afterwards becomo an associate of hearts. (Laughter.) In con- clusion, he hoped that in the future it would be the privilege of some bachelor to respond to the toast of the ladies at tho inauguration duiner of tho Hobart Umveroity. (Cheers.) Mr. Doran, B.A, LL.B., also responded to the toast. Tho proceedings then terminated. Tbe usual festivities in connection with the annual examinations at Horton College took placo on Thursday, the Stb inst. After reading and prayer, tbe President (the Rev. G. B. Richards) opened tho proceedings by expressing the pleasuro it afforded him to meet thom all once more, and in a long and interesting address reviewed til o work of tho past session. After a few remarks from Mr. Fox, tho prizes were distributed-R. S. Stephenson obtaining the Horton Scholarship, when a totally unexpected element was introduced into the meet- ing by the presentation of a silver cup, accompanied by a very kind address, from tho College boys to the President and Mrs. Richards. This expression of kindly regard from the boys elicited a warm response from the President, who sat down amid hearty and prolonged cheers for himself and Mrs. Richards ; then followed cheers for Mr. and Mrs. Fox, for MrB. Horton, Miss Taylor (whose musical performances had largely contributed to the enjoy ablencss of the evening), and to the masters. The proceedings were closed, ¡is usual, by singing the National Anthem. The annual distribution of prizes and exhibition took place at the schoolroom' attached to St, Mary's Convent, Harrington-street, on the 13th December, and passed off very pleasingly. There waa a large assemblage of, visitors, the schoolroom being quite crowded. A letter was received from His Excel lency¡the Governor, Sir Geo. C. Strahan, in response to an invitation to attend the gathering, in which be stated that he would have bad the greatest pleasure in beiog present had not engagements made previously prevented him from acceding to' the request. He further stated that he would take an early opportunity to visit the Convent. The room was nicely decorated with flowers by the nuns, and was made to look quite'cheerful. The pepils of the Convent, attired in summer costunie,, were seated on a raised platform at the upper end of the room, and previous to the prize distribution the elder young ladies gave an exhibition of-their various abilities in the way of elocution, music, and'other. learning wbich had' been taught them during- the year by their presentas,' The distri bation of prizes was then proceeded with, His Lordship the Bishop saying a few encouraging words to each of the successful students. A number of gentlemen then addressed those present, after which thegathering broke np. The annual distribution of prizts to the successful scholars of tho City School took place on December 16, in the Tasmanian Hall. The Vory Rev. Dean Bromby presided, and a number of the boys' relatives and friends were present. The prize«, chiefly consisting of well-selected and handsomely bound books, were arranged upon a_ table on the platform, in full view of the audience ; and on either «ide wall of the hall hung a well painted bracket, the work respectively of Master E, Boger« and Master F. Pike, who have depioted native flowers, ferns, and berries, with a taste and skill that does credit to their mistress, Miss Livingston. Mr. H. M. Pike, head master, read the report on the examination and half-yoar's work. The dis- tribution of prizes was then made. The Chairman then delivered a short address, and after a few re- marks from Mr. Pike, the gathering separated. Tho annual distribution of prizes on the eve of breaking ]np for the Christmas holidays, in con- nection with the Scotch College, was held on December 16, in the schoolroom. The room bad, in honour of the happy occasion, been decorated with ferns and flowers in bunches, wreaths, and garlands, making the usually dull walla bright with colours. Along the walls at intervals were also fastened the artistic productions of the scholars drawings, etchings, and ornamental writing-many of them very creditable to the skilful young fingers of the Btudenta. That portion of the room reserved for visitors was well filled at the appointed hour by the parents, sisters, brothers, and friends of the young people, the knots of friend« ia nearly every case having espeoial interest in the success of one lad in the many, who was to them "our boy." Among other visitors were the Rev. Dr. Nicolson, the Rev. Mr. Patten, M.A, of Hawthorn, Victoria, and the Rev. Mr. Sballberg. After a pianoforte solo, by Master A. Clewer, Mr. Richardson by request, read the annual report. The Rev. Mr. Patten then distributed the prizes, at the conclusion of whioh he, in a few kindly words, addressed the boys. The boys then gave threo cheers for thoso present, another three for the Chairman, and cheers also for their masters, and then school discipline was at an end ; the boys mingled with their friends, and with happy faces bid school-work farewell for the year, and were "off for the holidays." The usual annual exhibition and award of prizes took plaoo at St. Luke's school, Upper Macquarie street, on December 16, in the presence of His Lordship tho Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, the Bishop of Hobart, tho Very Rev. Dean Beechinor, the Vory Rev. W. J. Dunne, and tho Rev. Fathers O'Reilly, Sheehy, and B. Murphy. The Rev. Mother Redress, St. Joseph's Orphanage, and the Sisters of Charity in immediate charge of the school, superintended the arrangements throughout. The schoolroom bad been tastefully decorated, and the children, who wero neatly aud most respectably elad, presented in their healthy and joyous coun- tenances, an evidence of the care that had been taken of them. The list of prizes, was read out by the Very Rev. W. J. Dunne, each recipient, as he or she obtained their respective prize, kneeling and kissing the Bishop's ring. After the distribution of prizes, recitations were rendered by some of the pupils, which were followed by songs and hymns, and at tho conclusion His Lordship spoke a few words to thoso present, and dismissed the children, with bis blessing, for tho Christinas holidays. The annual distribution of prize« in connection with tho Church of England Grammar Sohool, Launceston, took placo on the lüth December, in the Mechanics' Hall, which was filled with the parents of tho pnpils, friends, and visitors. On the platform were Arobdeaoon Hales-who presided tho Rov. Mr. Savigny (head master), Messrs. Nathan, Thomas, and others. The Rev. Mr. Savigny offered up prayer. The Chairman congratulated the head master on the Behool having gained such a success at the late examinations in Hobart, and trusted that the successes would bo the harbinger of many future successes. The splendid prize gained by Mr. Rock was a thing to be proud of, as this gentleman scored the largest number of marks ever obtained. In concluding a long address he gave some good advice to the boys. The head matter then read the annual report, after which the Rev. Mr. Savigny distributed the prizes, At the conclusion a presentation of seven largo volumes was made by Messrs. Palmor and Smith, Benior scholars, in the name of the school, to Mr, Nathan, Mathematical Master, who is about to proceed to another colony to study in another profession. Mr. Nathan thanked them for their handsome present, and also for the fine expression of feeling which they conveyed. Ho also took the opportunity of expressing his gratitude to Mr. aud Mrs, Savigny for their kindness ; and although he did it with reluctance, he wished them all good bye. The proceedings olosed by the Archdeacon pronouncing the Benediction. Mr. G. W. Waterhouse, of Tasmania, was, on December 9, admitted by the Victorian Supreme Conrt to praotise as a barrister in that colony. Mr. Waterhouse is an old Tasmanian scholar, and a member of the English bar. Mr. Edgar Wolfhagen ha« passod his professional M.B. examination at the University of Edinburgh, where he ¡b at present engaged in carrying on bis studies. He left Tas- mania in 1880. Mr. W. G. Weaver, a young Tas- manian, is also making excellent progresa with his professional studies iu England. The second annual meeting of the Launceston Society for the Preven- tion of Cruelty to Animals was held in Launceston on December 13. The Treasurer's report showed that last year's receipts bad been £97 17s. lid., and the expenditure £42 2a. 7d" leav- ing a credit balanco, at September 30, of £5014s. 4d. On December 1, the Huon Temperance Alliance, which now numbers from 400 to 500 members, held a public meeting at Castle Forbes, and on the following evening a public meeting was held by it at Franklin. Both were very successful. The members of the Deloraine branch of I.O.M.U. i OddfellowB held a demonstration on the 7th ins t., j which proved very enjoyable. A tea meeting was held on December 14 at Avooa, the meeting being followed by a Bruce auction. At Kentishbury during the past week a very successful tea meeting was held. The quarterly meoting of the Evandalo Band of Hope was held in that township on December 9. It bas been determined to ask Sir George Strahan to become the patron of the Hobart Benevolent Society. On Sunday, the 4th hist., serious fears wore entertained at Sorell that Mr. Edward Moore, horse proprietor, had been lost in the Seven-Mile scrub. At daylight on Sunday a party of horsemen scoured tho scrub, but failed to find him. On Monday, however, he turned up at u Mr. Gate- house's,, very much exhausted after having been lost in the bush for three days. On Tuesday morn- ing, the 6th inBt,, a very extensive fire broke out in Launceston, on the premises of Mr. Jones, cabinetmaker, residing at the back of St. John street. Although the firemen were speedily alarmed and soon at woik, several buildings in the vicinity caught fire. Seeing that nothing could be done to save the portion of the building where the fire had originated, attention waa turned to the sur- rounding houses, whioh were fortunately saved, com- paratively little damage being done to them. During the progress of the fire, embers were carried on to the roofs of buildings somedistanceaway,butby the exer- tions of thoso about they were speedily extinguished. The estimated loss to Mr. Jones of goods in the shop and of the shop itself was set down as from £2,500 to £3,000, not an artiole being insured of those destroyed. A lad named Taylor shot himself at Sheffield on December 3. The unfortunate fellow foolishly rested on bis gun with the muzzle pointed upward, and by some accident the gun exploded, and completely shattered his handa. He died a few moments afterwards. The late floods completely wrecked the road approaching Port Esperance. It is estimated that it will coBt £200 to maka the damage good. A serious accident occurred to a man named Charles Fynes, at the South Bischoff mine, on December 6, by the explosion of a blast. He had several ribs broken, and one of his shoulders dislocated, besides receiving wounds about the head and body. A strange fish was recently captured off Darlington Point, Maria Island, by a Mr. Valentine Johnstone It was of a species hitherto unknown in Tasmanian waters, and was afterwards identified as one of the TrocJtypterido, or ribbon fish found on tho shores of the Atlantic and Mediterranean. At Shipwrights' Point, on Decem- ber 11, the residence of Mr. Henry Walter, juu., Wattle Grove, was burned to the ground. Mr. and Mrs. Walter, with an infant, escaped by tho window, only succeeding in saving the blankets of their bed, and in these they wrapped themselves up and walked a mile to the house of a neighbour. The proporty was uninsured. A clever Bwindter, named Alexander Gibson, lately succeeded in passing off valueless cheques in the island to tho value of £90. On the 12th inst. an unoccupied cottage at Torquay, the property of Mr. C. Launders, was burned to tbe ground. At Beaconsfield, the bouso of a miner named Nankervis was set on fire. The damage done waa not great. On the 14th inst. a show of flowers and vegetables was held at Deloraine. In the even- ing a promenade concert was held, the whole affair being a thorough success. ] The cricket season at now at its height, and every Saturday the different local as well as country clubs meet on the various cricket grounds, and engage in a friendly game. Our batsmen, bowlers, and fielders-are this year in fairly good form, and sonje good cricket is displayed by many of thom. The new cricket ground ia approaching completion, and will be ready to be played on when the Eleven of England pay us a visit, or, at all events, intime for the return match between the Hobart and Launceston Clubs. The Spring meeting of tile Tasmanian Jockey Club was held at Elwick jon Saturday, December 10. The day was cold and wet, and the attendance only moderate. His Ex- cellency the Governor was present. The racing was fairly good, and was on the whole interesting. Hobart won the Maiden Plate, Corvos the Hurdle Race, King Arthur the Spring Handicap, Arra Maida the All- Aged Stakes, and Lady Jane tie Consolation Bace. The settliog-up took place bn the evening of December 12. The settling-up after the Green Ponds meeting took place on the nigh ti of December 7, when £235 was paid away. After payfcg all expenses, the club had on hand a handsofne credit bsiano« to carry forward to next yaw,, for, the purpose of encouraging horse racing in the oolony, it ia the intention of tho Colebrook Racing Clab to hare a Sires' Produoe Stakes run for on their course on November 9, 1883, they having been promised support from ' several i of the owners of sires. Should tbe club get the nominations of 10 horses tbey will nive 60 so vs. towards the stake. Pollard'sLilipntian Opera Company, after avery suc- cessful season in Hobart, proceeded to Launceston, where they attracted full houses. The pieces played were Les Cloches de Cornevillc and Pinafore. The acting, singing, and dancing of the children has been universally admired. The members of the Mastodon Minstrel troupe were fairly well patronised during their visit to Hobart, and tbey are now drawing good audienoea in the country distriots. The members of the Hobart Minstrels, assisted by some ladies, gave a conoert in St. Peter's Hall on the 5th December, in aid of Mrs. Bartlett There was a largo audience, and the programme was most suc- cessfully carried out. On the 14th December, a concert was given in the Town Hall by a number of lady and gentleman amateurs, for the purpose of raising a sum of money to afford relief tothe desti- tute or very poor when leaving the hospital. The audience was small, but the concert was a good one. A number of gentlemen in Tasmania are at present devoting their spare time to fishing. From Sorell we learn that during the past few days some very fine English salmon have been netted near that township, and up near New Norfolk anglers fre- quently succeed in landing good-sized English salmon. The Derwent Rowing Club, Hobart, commenced their half-yearly regatta on the 5th ¡nat,, but in consequence of the unfavourable weather only one race could be rowed, and the others had to be postponed. The Derwent Yacht Club bad a sailing raoe on the 5th inst., the second beat for the Hon, Alex. McGregor's prize of £10 being contested. Three yaohts started, but one retired at the begin- ning of the race, and a second gave up after going the greater part of the course. Mr. R. Cumming's Madge, 8 tons, was the viotor, and it being the seoond heat she had won, her owner was awarded the prize. The Executive Committee of the Hobart Annual Regatta met on tile 0th inst., when there was a full attendance. The various sub-committees to make proper arrangements for the carrying out of the regatta were appointed, and other routine business was transacted. Endoavours are being made to establish a swimming olub in Hobart, and a number of gentlemen had a meeting on the 13th inst., for the purpose of starting tho same. A committee, secretary, etc., were ap- pointed, and instructed to bring up a code of rules for adoption at a future meeting. The City School, Hobart, had their annual swimming matches on the Gth and 7th ioBt., and they passed off with every sucoess. The programme included 14 events, in- cluding diving, and various kinds of swimming. The Hedberg Cup, the principal competition, was won by H. Pike. The principal aquatic event at Launceston during the fortnight has been the com- petition for the Sparrow Cups, presented by Mr. J. Sparrow, watchmaker, etc., of Launceston, to the Tamar Rowing Club. Fourteen pair-oared orewa entered for the competition and pulled off in heats, two boatB in each heat. The final heat haB not yet been finished. Considerable aotivity has boen apparent in ship ! ping circles during tho last few weeks, and we have had more vessels in harbour than has been known ' for some years, every available berth being occupied I for several days. The wharves are beginning to I get oloared again, owing to a number of the vessels j having taken their departures. A goncral meeting of the members of the Hobart Chamber of Com ' merco was held on the 13th inst., when Mr. E. M. FiBber was elected as Warden of the Marine Board. The Launceston Chamber of Commerce held their meeting on the 9th inst., and appointed Captain , Barwood as Wardon of the Nnrtborn Marine Board. ' A meeting of the Consolidated Marine Board took place at Launceston on the 14th inst, Mr. Tarleton, Master Warden of Hobart, presiding, tbe objeot boing to open tenders for the erection of the light towers and keepera' cottages at Tamar Heads. The tender of MesBra. J. and T. Gunn was aoeopted, at tho price of £2,050. A meeting of the Hobart Marine Board was held on the ICtli inst., bnt nothing of importance was transacted. The action of the Consolidated Board in accepting the tenders for the erection of towers at Low Heads was confirmed ; permission was granted to Mr. J. H. MoCall, managor of the Rabbit Preserving and Ex- port Co., to build a jetty at Glenorchy Bay ; improve monts to be made to the wharves were sanctioned ; several accounts wero passed for payment ; and other routine business was gone through. Mr. John W. Johnston, of Hobart, has been examined under tho Merchant Ships' Officers Examination Act, and has received a master mariner's certificate. There has been one foreign arrival at Hobart during the past fortnight, that of tho barquo Ceros, from Now York, on the 13th inst, She is a fine staunch look- ing vessel of German build, registering 523 tons, and having the following dimensions :-Length, 13Gft.; beam, 31ft.; aud depth of hold, 17ft. She was launched six years ago from tho yards of Mr. Burchard, of Rostock, North Germany, and is owned by Mr, H. Bauer, of that port. The Ceres has had a rather protracted passago of 114 days, caused by the light weather she met with nearly the whole way from New York till near the Oana of Good Hope. After passing the Cape she got good fresh breezes whioh enabled to make a fair run thence to Tasmania. For a fort- night after leaving New York light winds and calms _ were had, and the equator was not crossed till the 47th day out. Tho ran from the equator to Tristan D'Acunha occupied 25 days, but thence to Cape Leuwiu it took only 33 days. Captain N. Koop commands the Ceres, and he reports that she left Now York on August 21. The Ceres brought a large cargo of American merchan- dise, consisting of keroseno oil, lumber, slates, etc., half of whioh only ia for this port, about 450 tons being for Brisbane, whither the vessel goes after dis- charging here. She began landing cargo on the 14th inst. MesBrs Macfarlane Bros, and Co. aro the agents for the vessel at this port. At Launces- ton there have been two arrivals of English vessels, viz., the barquo Westbury on the 9th inst. and the barque Araunab on the 13tb inst,, both from London. j The Westbury made a long paBsago of 114 days . from London and 109 from Start Point, caused ! principally by the light and unfavourable winds she i met with from London to the Cape of Good Hope. | She left London on August IG, and Start Point on the 21st. Crossed the equator on October I, and | the meridian of the Cape of Good Hope on November i 7. Tbe Araunab was more fortunate than the | Westbury with regard to favourablo winds, and i finished her voyage in 86 days. She did not leave London till a month and a day after the Westbury, but arrived only four days after her. The Araunab. j left Loudon on September 14, posBed Madeira on October 5, crossed the equator on October 22, rounded tbe Cape of Good Hope on November 14, and sighted Tamar Heads on the 12th inst. She I encountered some rough weather on the passage, i but sustained no damage. The brigantina Camilla, | 191 tons register, which has been laid up for the past I two years at this port, was sold by auction on the I 8th inst. to Messrs. Belbin and Co., of Hobart, for £520. Another small steamer, the Fleetwing, bos j gone into the West Coast trade of Tasmania, she j running between there and Melbourne. Whaling news is soarce, The whaling barque Emily Down | ing arrived on the 13th inst., after an l8 months' ' omiso, with 36 tuns of oil. The whaling barque j Derwent Hunter, wbich put in at Hobart a few weeks sgo for repairs, resumed her cruise on the | 8th inst. The Amerioan whaling barque Emma E. 1 Herriman, whioh put in at Hobart on the 3rd inst. I for fresh water and provisions, left here on the 16th ! inst., to proceed to the New Zealand coast to omise. | We have this Summary to record the death of i two old colonists, viz., John Watson, of York Grove, Muddy Plains, who died on the 2nd inst., in his 68th year ; and Mr. Adolphus Frederick Rooke, of the Retreat, Deloraine, who died on the 12th inst., at the age of 66. Mr. John Watson was one of the pioneers in the Muddy Plains distriot, having, with his parents, arrived when he waB only 10 years old, and having resided there the whole of his life. Mr. Rooke was placed in the commission of peace of Tasmania in 1869, immediately aftor having resigned the representation of Deloraine in the Assembly. He subsequently sat for a short timo for E ist Devon, Both at Hobart and Launceston the wheat market is depressed, and the same may bo said of all other grains, the supply being limitod to loaal require- ments. The quotations at Hobart are :-Wheat, 5s. Gd.; flour, £12 10s. to £13 ; bran, 12d. to 131.; sharps, £6 to £7 ; oats, 2a. Gil. to 2 j. 9d,; poas, 3s. 3d. to 3s. 6d. ; hay, £4 to £4 5s. ; bark, ground, £6 ; long, £3 15s. At Launceston the quotations are ¡-Flour, £11 10s. to £12 ; wheat, ßs. 3d. to 5s. 4d. ; oats, 2s. 3d. to 2s. Gd. ; pollard, £5 ; sharps, £5 10s. ; bran, £4 15s. ; grey peas, 2*. 10,1. to 3a. ; hay, £3 10s. The first wool sale of the season was held at Hobart on the 9th inst. The quantity offered was only modorate, but the attendance of , buyers was full, and there was good competition. Loose washed fleece sold at from lid. to Ib. Id., and greasy, from 7d. to 7}d. ; 22 bales superior greasy, brand R.G., realised lOd. Dry sheepskins, full woolled, sold at from 5Jd. to 6Jd. per lb. The following are the current quotations for hides and skins :-Hides-Butchers' green, 10s. to 22a.; salted, 3d. per lb.; country hides, 6s. to 12s. each. Calfskins - Butchers', 3d. per lb.; country do., 9d. to 2s. eaoh; butchers' skins, 3s. Öd. to 5s. Gd. each ; butchers' pelt«, 3d.' to 4d. eaoh ; country skins, 2s. to 4s. Gd. each ; country pelts, Id. to 4d. eaoh ; wallaby skins, fair to large, 3s. to 4s. per dozen ; do., small and shot, 2s. to 3s. do.; black opossum skins, Is. 3d. to Is. Gd. eaoh; grey do., 4a. to 6s. per dozen ; ringtail do., 2s, to 4s. per dozen ; native cat skins, 2s. to 3s. do. ' 