THE MELBOURNE EXHIBITION. (By Gr ak net Walch) Mea culpa. Mea maxima culpa !—! may as well make a clean breast of it, tell the truth and shame — myself. You have been laugu.ish.ing, sweet readers, for the mental le- freshment, cheering but not inebriating, to which you have been lately accustomed. You have pined for the want of your epistolary " Vigorine," that doubly-distilled essence of veracity, so bracing to the system. You have felt, confess it, utterly unhinged and miser able, and not even the local latest scandal could act as a tonic in the absence of your favorite Exhibition letters. And this is all my fault. Of a verity I feel humbled and contrite in your presence, can but acknow ledge my backsliding, and sue most lustily for forgiveness. And the cause — the cause of it all ? — Listen! — I have not been saturating my soul with Ozonic Nepenthe at Sorrento, Queenscliff, or Lome. I have not been devoting every spare minute to the perusal of the forty-three competitive dramas for the Hamiltonian £250 prize. I have not been coaching Jack Gardiner in bis forthcoming great speech on the Differential Calculus in its relations to the Protoplasmic Theory. I have noi been preparing the Rev. Mr. Strong's defence against the gathering thunderstorm of Pres byterian Orthodoxy. I have not been doing a bit of lay preaching on my own account, " super'"-irg at the Royal, laying down wood pavement in Collins street, selling walnutc on the side-walks. I have not been lured from the paths of journalistic rectitude by any Will-o'-the Wisp prospectus of a new newspaper, offering gigantic terms to all aud sundry who choose to follow it through bog and mire to the ultimate slough of Bank ruptcy. I have not been closeted with Gra ham Berry, dictating bis future line of policy. I have not been with Service in the Pesha- wur as far as King George's Sound. I have not made a fortune in shares, or a failure in an Emasculated Reform Bill. I have not joined either the Great Majority or the Mori bund Ministry. I have not been in gaol for murdering the Queen's English, richly as I may have deserved it — or in the hospital through a fracture of any of the ten com mandments. What then has absorbed my , time — what has prevented me from the work I so love, my weekly chat with friends from glacier-throned New Zealand to the torrid shores of Carpentaria? Simply and solely this — I have sated the revengful thirst of "mine enemy," whoever he may be ; I have laid myself calmly, gracefully, on the opera ting table of the great kill or cure Ecole de Vivisection ; I have bared my manly breast to the fleams of the assembled circle of cri tics, aud Heaven help me, am prepared for the result. In plain language, sweet readers mine, I have published a book, and the final touches therof have cost me both time and anxiety. Not wishing to be accused of using this column as an advertising medium, I re frain from further particulars, but . there is my Excuse ! impugn it whoso list ! I think the above genuine statement is more creditable than, if not so witty as, the alliterative excuse tendered to the public by a celebrated English writer who, ou resuming the chapters of bis story, after a long inter val, informed his readers that bis silence was attributable to a little love, a little law, and a great deal of liquor," or to the more elabo rate explanation of tho French journalist whose " excess of emotion at the decease of a much-beloved mother-in-law" kept him away from work and necessitated a trip to the gaming-tables of Baden-Baden — "where at," he added, "I long sought in vain to al lay my acute sorrow by alternately plungiDg my soul in the fiery flood of 'rouge ' and the Stygian stream of 'noir.' " My remarks, in a recent letter, about cheap jewellery, have received considerable emphasis by the bursting of the Rodanow Watch Company bubble, so thoroughly ex posed by the Argus. The price-list of this supposed compan'y, emanating from a single speculative scoundrel in America, offered solid silver-cased lever watches' jewelled, monogram engraved, spare maiusprings, glasses, and keys, and a written guarantee for three years, at 17s each ; IS carat gold watches at £2 5s., and so on. So plausibly were the advertisements worded, so much stress laid on the fact that the firm " was established in 1849," and had since gained prize medals at all the great exhibitions, and such caution was exhibited in the matter of remittances " or reference to a Boston House," that many, I fear, have been gulled into sending money to America for these im palpable time-keepers. It is to be hoped that they (the dupes) and one and all of us, will profit by the lesson, and that hence forth the respectable local firms will be patronized at their legitimate prices, and foreign rogues left to expend their cun ning on tbe desert air. Better pay £5 for a serviceable watch however plain and devoid of extra jewels, than remit half tbe amount across the rolling seas in chase of a ghost of a ticker, a horological Mrs 'Arris, a watch not made with hands, fictitious, in the clouds. I wonder if George Collins Levey, C.M.G., &c.;, &c.;, is agent for any American Watch firms ? . Another swindle, just exposed by the Argus, is tbe manner in which one of the jurors in section " Stationery, Printing, and Books," sought to upset the awards of his fellow jurors by refusing at first to vote in their presence, and afterwards furtively adding a series of " noughts" in order to reduce the total average of the awards. As I, person ally, am quoted by the Argus, as one of the victims, and as the injustice really is more glaringly apparent as regards my exhibit than in any of the other cases, I take this opportunity of thanking the gentlemen of the jury in tbe said section — excepting only Mr Oliver Levey, brother of Mr George Collins Levey, C.M.G. — for their honorable conduct in declining to accept the slily- affixed and palpably spiteful vote of their high-minded colleague. As for Judas himself — poor remorseful Judas — for I au sure he must be sorry now he is found oul — he can seek consolation either after the historical fashion, or in the society of his noble kinsman. Oil Chebomiue ! The awards have all beon made, and there is the usual six of satisfaction and half-a- dozen of disappointment. Amongst the principal prize-takers I am glad to see the Red Cross Company, who bear off chief honors for pickles, sauces, and preserves. I do not forget my promise to give some day a description of the operations carried on by this company. I looked in a short time ago for. the purpose, and found no less than Earl and Countess of Ellesmere and Lord Hervey Phipps going over the works. I am told they were highly pleased with all they saw, and made favorable comparisons between the Red Cross and other similar factories in the old country. It speaks well for the practical common sense of our aristocratic visitors that they should appreciate our manufactur ing industries, and nob allow the giddy maelstrom of society to absorb them alto gether. The application of the Fine Arts to that still finer Art — the Art of Advertising — is every day becoming more and more fashion able ; note the admirable little pictures re Eno's Fruit Spit, drawn by Adelaide Claxton, and published in many of our leading papers. Note also a comical cut of " Before and After," illustrative of the beneficial effects of Poul- ton's Electro-Chemical Baths. I thought at first that it represented an individual who had partaken freely of the Yan Yean liquid mud, and the same countenance after a re freshing draught of " Mount Macedon" spring water, which, by the way, is now being sold in Meloourne in large quantities, much to the delight of all who detest the fluid filth that flows from our taps. The Customs authorities have siezed a large quantity of silks and cashmere shawls on suspicion of their being uncustomed goods, and conveyed them to the Queen's warehouse. It is said the articles taken are worth nearly £1000, They belong to a large firm whose reputation for res pectability stands very high, 