SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The half-yearly meetings of the above Associa- tion were held in the Baptist Church, North Adelaide, on Wednesday, March 16. The pro- ceedings opened with a public prayer meeting, which was fairly attended. The President of the Association (Rev. Morgan Lloyd) delivered an able address on "Prayer." The business meeting began at 3 p.m. The chair was occupied by the President. There were also present the ministers of all the Churches in connection with the Association, Baboo Punchanon Biswas (Hindoo missionary), and a number of lay delegates, including the Treasurer (Mr. A. S. Neill). SECRETARY'S REPORT. The Secretary (Rev. J. Price) reported that churches had been opened during the half-year at Parkside and the Grange. The following ministerial changes had occurred:—Rev. W. Jones settled at Laura; Rev. H. Wood resigned Saddleworth and Stockport; Rev. J. Nancarrow resigned Yorke's Peninsula and settled at Saddleworth; Rev. J. B. Sneyd resigned Georgetown and settled at Terowie; Rev. S. Howard, after an illness, had settled at Gawler; Rev. F. Page appointed agent at Yorke's Peninsula; and the Rev. G. Hogben at Magill and Grassy Flat; Rev. W. Dinniss left Mount Barker for Georgetown; and the Rev. W. Clare proceeded to Bathurst-Street, Sydney; Rev. L. G. Carter resigned North Ade- laide, and the Rev. H. J. Lambert returned to the colony after a visit to England. Grants-in- aid had been made to Orroroo, Terowie, Park- side, Hindmarsh, Mount Barker, Semaphore, and Yorke's Peninsula. The committee had signified its return to the principle of rendering aid in proportion to stipend paid by Churches. White's Fund had been transferred to the Asso- ciation, and the incorporation of the Aged Ministers' Fund recommended, and managers appointed. Consequent upon the Rev. S. Fairey's resignation the Rev. L. G. Carter had been appointed Finance Secretary. It was feared, with reference to Mr. Fowler's offer, that little had been done towards securing the £900 required in order to obtain the £100 that gen- tleman had promised under conditions. FINANCE COMMITTEE. The progress report of the Finance Com- mittee was read and confirmed. TREASURER'S REPORT. Mr. A. S. Neill. read the Treasurer's report as follows:—Receipts—Balance on hand,£65 13s. 8d.; collection annual meeting, £15 11s. 1d.; surplus at luncheon, &c.;, £6 3s. 1d.; personal donations, £25 10s.; subscriptions from various Churches, £196 9s. 9d; balance borrowed from White's Fund, 2s. 6d. Payments—Grants-in- aid : Parkside (six months), £72 10s.; Sema- phore, £78 13s. 6d.; Orroroo, £40; Yorke's Peninsula, £22 2s. 6d.; do, in advance, £50; Hindmarsb, £20; travelling expenses and sup- plies, £17 0s. 6d.; postages, &c.;, £9 3s. 7d. BUILDING FUND REPORT. Mr. C. H. Goode read the Building Fund report as follows:—Receipts—Capital at last meeting, £1,001 6s. 8d.; received since, £21 14s. 6d.; legacy from Mrs. Brown, £430 19s. 2d.= £1,454 0s. 4d. Expenditure—Loans to twelve Churches, £1,540 (less £180 repairs); outstand- ing, £1,360; loans granted to three Churches, to be completed by April 20, £250; total loans granted, £1,790; expenses paid, £7 15s. AGED MINISTERS' FUND. In the absence of Mr. W. Neill the Aged Ministers' Fund report was not presented, but it was announced that Mrs. Brown had given a donation of £430 19s. 2d. towards it. The reports were adopted. REPRESENTATIONS ON COMMITTEES. At the last half-yearly meeting of the Asso- ciation a sub-committee, consisting of Revs. Messrs. Lloyd, Price, Carter, Gray, and Mr. W. Neill, were appointed to bring forward at the present meeting resolutions for the improve- ment of the present mode of selecting committees. They accordingly met and drew up the following report: — "Your committee discussed at considerable length the objects desired and the best means of attaining them. So many difficulties presented themselves that at one period of meeting it was proposed to give up the task entirely. We men- tion this because we wish it understood that we have done our best to look all difficulties fairly in the face. One member of your committee was unable to be present, and sent his ideas in writing. There were present at the meeting Rev. M. Lloyd, Chairman; Rev. J. Price, Secre- tary ; Rev. L. G. Carter, Financial Secretary; and Rev. J. Gray, who was asked to act as Sec- retary of the sub- committee. With one dis- sentient the following recommendations were adopted:—"That in future the committee con- sist of thirty-five members exclusive of officers; that each Church be requested to nominate one candidate for election; that from such nomi- nated candidates thirty committeemen be elected by ballot at the annual meetings; that the officers elected by the annual meeting be ex officio members of the committee; that the committee at its first meeting elect five persons to make up the required number. To this was appended a recommendation to the sub-com- mittee to be appointed to arrange for the next yearly meetings. That they ascertain if a more suitable time than the first day of the meetings could not be chosen for the election of officers and committee, the opinion being expressed that more of the country delegates were present at a later period." To this Mr. W. Neill (the member absent) dissented on these grounds :— " (1.) Because to limit the number of eligible candidates who may be nominated for election to any office is undesirable, and almost if not altogether unprecedented. (2.) Because there is already in the Association too great a ten- dency to the Town Council idea. A Councillor is often sent in by his ward to watch its in- terests and secure for it a good expenditure. But an Association Committeeman is entrusted with office by the denomination at large. His object is to 'do' as much, not to 'get' as much as possible, and he has to regard no one Church before another. Under the proposed plan, how- ever, committeemen, being virtually elected by particular Churches, will come to be regarded as the agents of those Churches instead of repre- sentatives of the whole body. It will, I fear, alter the character of the Association to an ex- tent that will imperil its existence. (3.) Be- cause if committeemen are to represent Churches, then a Church of 300 or 400 members is fairly entitled to more representatives than a Church of say twenty members. (4.) Because under the proposed plan the Association would be in the anomalous position of having no power to elect desirable men who might happen to have been overlooked by all the Churches; or whose want of nomination had arisen from the mere fact of no Church being able to nominate more than one. In most Churches the pastor would be that one. (5.) Because under pro- posed plan any real or supposed slight attaching to rejected candidates would extend with in- creased force to the Churches who had nominated them. Such a Church—having leave to nominate only one, and that one being re- jected—would feel itself placed in an unfair position as compared with others. (6.) Because the committee at its first meeting would be five members short, although the most important business generally comes before that meeting." The report and protest had provoked corre- spondence in the Association newspaper, and a long and desultory discussion followed their being read at the meeting. The Rev. J. Gray moved the adoption of the report, and various counter-propositions and amendments were sub- mitted. Eventually Mr. A. S. Neill moved— "That the recommendations of the sub-com- mittee be referred to the General Committee so far as election by ballot, and that ballot taking place on the last day of meeting, are concerned." Mr. Atkin seconded, and the motion was car- ried. LETTERS FROM CHURCHES. The Rev. S. Mead moved, pursuant to notice —"That the letters from the Churches be read each year in reverse order to that observed in the preceding one." He said it often happened when the letters were taken seriatim in the same order year after year that greater atten- tion was given to those read first than to the others, as towards the close the meeting was more wearied than at the beginning. The Rev. H. J. Lakbbrt seconded. Carried. FURREEDPOORE MISSION. The Rev. S. Mead moved—" That the annual collection for the Aged Ministers' Fund be devoted this year to the Furreedpoore mission." The Rev. L. G. Carter seconded. Carried. THE PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. The Rev. L.G. Carter proposed a vote of thanks to the President for his able address, and that he be requested to hand the manu- script to the editor of Truth and Progress for publication. The Rev. S. Fairey seconded. The motion was carried. CHURCH SUSTENTATION AND EXTENSION. The Rev. S. Howard moved the motion of which he had given notice—"That a committee be appointed to prepare a scheme of Church sustentation and extension for the Baptist Churches of South Australia on the basis of a draft submitted by the mover, such scheme to be brought forward for discussion and adoption at the annual meetings of our Association during the current year." The objects of the fund were to secure a certain minimum stipend to all duly accredited Baptist ministers, to pro- vide for Church extension and mission work in the colony, and for the education of students for the Baptist ministry. The draft referred to was published in Truth and Progress of February last. The mover detailed his scheme at great length. The Rev. J. Gray seconded the motion. Several speakere spoke adversely to it, some affirming that it was in opposition to a fundamental principle in the constitution of the Association. Mr. Howard eventually withdrew the motion. The meeting then closed. EVENING MEETING. At 6 p m. a public tea meetiug was held and well attended. At its close the public meeting commenced, presided over by the President of the Association. The meeting opened with singing and prayer. There were on the platform the various Baptist ministers in the colony, and there was a large audience. The Chairman said he would not make a speech, having mortgaged the time allotted him to a friend. He first called upon The Rev. H. J. Lambert, who gave an in- teresting account of his recent visit to London. The Autumnal Session of the Baptist Union was holding its meetings at the time, and they were attended by over 1,300 delegates, and immense congregations of the general public. There was manifest throughout the most intense, devout enthusiasm, and there were in the de- nomination—pastors and laymen—men full of the Holy Ghost, and of earnest yearnings for the spread of the truth and the extension of the Redeemer's Kingdom. With such leaders and such rank-and-file there was no reason to fear for the future, but every cause to be hopeful. The speaker then described visits he had paid on three successive Sundays respectively to Regent's Park and Upper Hol- loway Churches and the Metropolitan Taber- nacle. The first of these churches was his spiritual birthplace, the second was under the care of a former college friend, and both were of great extent and prospering. He then gave an interesting description of the Tabernacle on the night of his visit, when the congregation num- bered no fewer than 8,000. There was no instru- mental music in the Tabernacle, but the effect of the people's voices, " like the sound of many waters," joining in the hymns was extremely grand. Taking the service altogether he had not for many years attended one such another so full of life, and love, and God. He was Mr. Spurgeon's guest during the first week of October, when that gentleman was suffering from severe illness; and from what he saw of him he felt constrained to speak of him almost with bated breath; he was so full of the Master's Spirit. Every institution, every department of his church was thoroughly organized, and it was the strain of organization which had over- strained his nervous system, and made him the terrible sufferer he was. But all his sufferings were borne without a murmur; they only called forth expressions of thankfulness. The speaker closed with an enumeration of the essentials to success in Church work. The Rev. G. Hogben (a minister newly arrived in the colony) gave an address on " What is Success in Christian Work ?" He defined Christian work as embracing all actions undertaken for the furtherance of Christ's Kingdom. The success of such work seemed to be wrapped up in the maxim, "Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with all thy might," and was gained by the apportioning to each worker work suited to his capacity and tastes—work which must be carried out with whole-souled earnestness. The Rev. Punchanon Biswas (a native Hindu missionary) gave an interesting and intelligent address on missionary work, and urgently appealed for assistance to the mission he represented. The Rev. S. Fairey delivered an address on " Denominational Fidelity," particularly em- phasizing the necessity for it among the people attending the churches of the denomination. It was the bounden duty of a man who had espoused and held Baptist principles to attend Baptist ministrations if he could do so. Fidelity also imposed upon the Church members the obligation to support monetarily, and otherwise, the work of the denomination. The Rev. W. Clare, who is about to proceed to Sydney to take charge of a Church there, spoke a "word of farewell." He had been in the colony, working very happily and with some usefulness, for six years. He did not want to go away, nor did he like Sydney so well as this colony, but the prospect of plenty of work there allured him. In taking formal leave, he spoke a few words of counsel to the audience, and closed, "in the language of one of our own poets," with the line— " We'll say farewell, and go our several way." The Chairman addressed to Mr. Clare a few kindly and appreciative words on behalf of the Association, and the meeting was brought to a close in the usual way. 