ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL OVER three thousand persons were present at tho meeting held on Sunday evening in aid of St. Mary's Building Fund. The meeting was held in the pro-Cathedral immediately after the evening service. Mr. Hallewell, the eminent basso, sang a sacred solo immediately before his Grace the Archbishop took his place as chair- man. His Grace said : I fear my voice will seem very meagre after the silvery flow — the golden notes, of the gentleman who has been pouring forth his cultured voice at the other end of this building ; but if I cannot give you golden or silvery sounds, I can do what is noxt best,, I can hand over to tho treasurers a certain number of notes for gold that that I hold in my hand. (Cheers.) It ia now twelve months that I have been steadily at work bogging for the Cathedral. I began last August, . and here wo aro after a year's labour, able bo con gratulate ono another on having fairly paid our way. (Cheero ) Here is a letter just put into my hands from Mrs. Hannah Kifcgon, enclosing five pounds. Mr. T. Dvvyor, of Mudgee, sends £3 3s with a very kind letter, and Mrs. A. M'Mahon, of Upper Fort-street, £2. Here are £2 from Miss O'Dono vau, of Windsor — 10s in her own name, 10s in memory of John O'Donovan, 10s in that of Ellen O'Donovan, 10a in the memory of the late Dean Grant. These £3 3s are from Mr. Benjamin O'Donnell — a good namo — of Goulburn, and Mr. James Greally, of the game growing city, with the moat encouraging of letters, sondo £5. (Cheers.) Here aro £4 10s — which include £2 from Mr. W. Lenehan, of Bowenfels ; £1 from J. Treeve, £1 from Messrs. Fitzgibbons, and 10s from Mr. M'Quinn. Now listen to what I am going to cay. Hero is a letter that I greatly prize. It is from Mro. Jane M'Evoy, of Mudgee, who sends mo £12 6s. (Cheers.) She has not only given £1 herself, but oho has givon herself real trouble for tho Cathedral ; she has taken upon herself, most kindly, to collect that useful sum, and by word and deed and labour has done real good service. (Cheers.) [Here his Grace read the long list of friends who had sub scribed 5s, 2s 6d, and Is each, which will be found in another part of this issue.] I was looking through the new Cathedral tho othor day, and I saw three strangers thero, a Melbourne work man who was showing a eouplo of now chums over tho placo. I conversed with them for a while, and as I was going away tho Mel bourne man gave mo this 10s for tho Cathe dral without my saying a word. (Cheers.) Mrs. O'Donovan, of Windsor, eends through hor daughter, £3. Mrs. Ellen O'Shaimasoy, in her own name, and in tho names of hor grandchildren (Joseph Marius and Mary Ellen Kearney) gives £5. Hero is Father M. H. Ryan's £10 towards the hundred ho so kindly promisod. (Cheers.) Miss Catherine Hand, of. Young, has also been proving her deep love for the great work by send ing £1 herself and collecting ten pounds ten shillings, in all £11 10s for tho givat work. (Cheers.) [His Graeo road the list, which will bo found elsewhere,] I cannot refrain from again publicly testifying my gratitude, indeed tho grati tude of all of us, to theso real labourers in the great cause. (Cheers.) I know, by experience, how much determination is required to beg and pray for monoy, and, therefore, I can duly ap preciate tho self -sacrifice of those who so gladly throw themselves into ouch a work for our glori ous Cathedral. (Chooro.) Mr. Matthew Dodd, of Beechworth, Victoria, kindly forwards £3 3o., and Mr. Robert Saundors, of Pyrmont — who pro vides tho splendid stono for our building — sent £5 5s. in reply to my petition. (Cheers ) Here aro £10 10s from Mr. John O'Sullivun, sent through tho Rjv. G. F. Dillon — £5 5s in his own namo, £3 3a in that of Mrs. J. O'Sullivan, and £1 each for their daughters Mary and Margaret. (Choers.) Horo aro £5 10s from Mr. Thomas Rawling, of Parrainatta, towards his promised amount, and £1, through Fathor Dillon, from Mr. Ryan, of tho Globe. Mr. Joseph D. Donovan sends £2 2s, and Mr. T. M'Garm, of Milliiold, £2. Here aro £5 from Mr. John Purecll— an old friend of mine belonging to St. Peter's — just givon mo by him — (cheers) — and £1 from Mr. John M'Evoy. Mr. John O'Dond, of John otreot, sends £3 3o, and Mro. J. Eatber, Bowonfolo, £1. Horo aro £9 from Mr. Timothy Eafforty, of Rainbow Beach, Macloay River — £1 lu from him self, a guinea from Mrs. T. Rafferty, £1 Is each from the,ir daughters Bodelia and Mary, £1 Is from Mr. Lawrence Bafferby, £1 Is from Marfcin Dolanoy, £1 Is from Mrs. Oox, 10s from W. Hines, 10a from P. Carroll, 6s from P. Gallagher, Go. from Martin Brodericlc, and 2g. from Mra, Owns. (Cheers.) Horo, Mr. Hollingdale, avo £6 Ho from ' Friondo in Queensland,' names not; to bo mentioned, and £3 from Mra. Matilda Gtirvey, of Parramatta. My old friend, Mr. E. F. Flanagan, oi G-eorge- sfcrcot, aondo mo £'/, and I really must read you hio lottor. (Cheoi's.) ' Sydney, July 19, 1G81. ' My juord Archbishop,— In response to your moving appoal on behalf o£ tho Oathcdral, I hasten to respond by oending my chequo for £7 of which £2 io contributed by Mra. Flanagan and £5 by myself, and wo both wioh the amount wag more worthy of the occasion. Well do I ro momber tho confidence with which you predicted, on tho day of your arrival, that you would build our Church for uo, and truly you havo kept your word, for you have accomplished tho ceomingly impoooible. — I remain, my Lord Archbishop, youro ropoetfully, ' Sdvabb F. Flahagai!1.' Mr. R. J. Fairweather giveD £2, and Mr. John Kickham, Royal Hotel, Tamworth, given me £5 5s. Master Robert Lenehan, of; St. Ignatius's College, Riverview, oends £5 5o to the great work, and Jits letter accompanying hio giffc showo a very generouo disposition. Hero io £1 from Mr. John Tobin, of Ipswich, Queensland, and £3 from the Rev. Dr. M'Aulifto, Forbeo— (chooro)— and £5 5a from Mr. Valentino Heaton, and 10s from Mr. W. Oliver, Willeroon, and £1 from Mr. Joohua Davies, Clarence Heads. Miso Catherine Doyle forwards £2, and ' A friend/' Miloon'o Point, £1 Io. Itfow, here is a capital letter from Mr. Hugh Taylor, of Parramatta. (Chooro.) I knew how many callo he had upon him, and how excessively genorouo ho hao alwayn boon, and I hardly likod to allow myoelf to write to him. Any how, I did Dummon up courage^ at last, and he sent mo hia donation of :S5 5s with an admirable letter. ' Parramatta, 23th July, 1881. ' My Lord Archbishop, — I willingly oond my miue of help towards what your Grace hao very properly designated your 'gigantic work' in con nection with St. Mary's Cathedral. I hope you will beliovo that they are not idle iwordo with, which I assure you that it io a matter of some pain to mo that I cannot aid that work more sub stantially. I esteem your great efforts do highly tbot I should like to holp them with a more libe ral hand, but I havo, as you suggest, many and heavy callo upon me. and eo I am not by any . ? ? means a rich man, I oometimeo havo to oeom ungenerous in order that I may not be unjust. I desire to say, and I hopo I ohall not bo suspected of sycophancy in go saying, that the great per oonal sacrifice you havo made on behalf of. the Catholic Church and Catholic Education in thia colony giveo you tho right to expect from all Catholic men and women tho uttermost help that can be opared from the otoros v/ith which. Providence may havo blessed them. There was never a period in the history of this country, (and probably never will bo again) when it waa - □o necesoary for Catholico to be governed and guided by a head possessing the wonderful ener gies and abilities of your Grace as the present timo, when it oeemo to be the main object of legislation to uproot from fche education of our children whatever of roligouo elements ifc ever possessed. The only way in which this purpose can be successfully battled with io for Catholico to expend themselveo and their means, ao your Grace io doing, to establish and extend our churches and our schools, and their liberal re sponse to the necessary calls that are from timo to time made upon them to that end bears, I think, the most practical testimony to their united, desire to do so. Hoping that tho grand work at St. Mary'o may be ao opeedily consummated as ever your Grace could wish, — I have the honour to be, my Lord, your Graco'o moot obedient and humble servant, ' Httgui Tasxoe. ' The Moot Reverend the Archbishop of Sydney.' Mr. Patrick Duffy, of Tamworth, sends £1, with a characteristic noto. Hero is a guinea from Mr. William C. Lynch, of Goulburn, and £2 2s from Mr. Richard Wrigley, of Ballarat. Messrs. John Booth and Co., of Balmain, who have tho con tract for tho wood-work of the Cathedral, hand somely sent mo £10. (Cheers.) And hero is Father Mahony'o £10 towards his £50 — (cheers) —and £10, tho gift of Father E. Walsh, now at; Manly, formerly at Araluen. Tho Honourable W. Johnston, PostmaDtor-General, New Zealand, most kindly forwards £10, and Mr. Hem'y M'Quigan, East Melbourne, giveo uo £10 10a. Hero is a grand letter from a real cordial well wisher to tho groat cause, which speaks for itoolf : — ? ' Petersham, 7th July, 1881. ' Your Grace, — High is tho holy mission con« fided to your ablo hands — tho erootion and com pletion of a fitting and noble temple for the worship of Jehovah. ' When by accidental con flagration tho preceding odifico was destroyed, doop was tho pain which pierced the hearts of all those who worshipped round the footsteps of: the altar of itB Bhrino, and tho many children of tho Pontifical Holy Soo. Great and meritorious has been the strenuous action of your Grace in co-oporating and rearing upon the site of its ruins a Cathedral worthy of your dioceoo— an edifice of noblo grace and majesty, possessing, possibly for its sita, ono of the most piotorial and commanding poQitions in the whole world. Tho burning and lighted lamp to be of. the living faith for tho education and comfort, elevation, and salvation of the generation born, and for fcho children's children of tho mighty and great nation that is to come. Firod with the feel ings of enthusiasm, which your Grace's indo mitable courage, undying zoal, and burning elo quence has inspirod, it io no marvel that the many from other denominations and oeetazrian . communitieo, as woll as the sono of the Church, : ohould, v/ith the utmost beneficence, have for warded and helped on tho great work by fchoir . manifold and handsome contributions, ^hea '.'''' finished, an ovontuafcion to which the edifice is rapidly progressing, the dead Btono in the noble fabrio will be the living witness of your devotion, reverence, and love to youv Divino JLiord and Mastor, tho great head of the Church— Christ. Love as well ao duty will ovor make us instil into tho raindc of onr children faithful adherence to the faith and toncfco of our holy Church. I humbly enclose my cheque, £10, which I beg your Ghv.co will accept ac an cavnoot of my good will. Had Providence in wiodom de creed the event, one circumstance alone would have added a sacrod dignity to the high coromo nial of the cathedral'o conoecration. Had tho noble and courtly prolate, your Grace's predecea sor, tho vonorablo John Bedo Sydnoy, Archbishop Polding, whoso hando, in faith, laid tho founda ;S; tion stone — trusting, in humble confidence, that ?thojmantlo of Elijah would deocend upon tho shoulders of Slisha — and whoso counsels of sublime knowledge lod Hio Church through complications and dangers, with urbanity and wisdom, firmnoos and moderation, during his lengthened prolncy of nearly half a century, been permitted with his pa cific and princoly yoico to pronounce tho Bonodic tion. May your Grace's Cathedral bo constructed, completed, and consecrated,, and may your Gh'aeo long preside therein, is tho heartfelt desire and prayer of myself, and of your people. As itc hierarchical head, may the holy spirit of the Holy Ghost, which endues his Holineaa Loo XIII. V. on his throne in tho Vatican, and on tho shrine in St. Peter's, overshadow youv Grace in the temple to be for the worship, honour, and glory of Almighty God. I have the honour to be, your Grace's most humble and dutiful oervant, ' Michael M'Mahon, ' Es-Mayor of Petersham. 'To his G-raee the Archbishop of Sydney, St. Mary's Cathedral. 'P.S. — Youv Grace, — I beg to enelooe cheque for £20, instead of £10, as embodied in the letter. ' M. M-'M.' Here is my £50, and Mr. Ellio's sixth instalment of £50 — (cheers) — and here is £50 from Mr. Alderman John Young, a great contractor, I may call him, whose work is alwayo good, square, and honeBt ; and who never allows anything to pass out of his hands that is not a credit to his name. (Cheers.) You know that it is our intention to dedicate the diocese to tho Sacred Heart on occasion of the opening. Now I am *»-, asking all tho districts interested in the confraternity of that great devotion to help in fitting up tho chapel to be called the ' Chapel of the Sacred Heart.' The clergymen in connection with this devotion are doing their beBt to second these designs. Here are £40 given through tho Vicar-General from St. Francis's district — (cheers) — and £5 5s by Pyrmont, through Father C-aravel. Father Mahony has. just handed over £32 4s for the same object from St. John's. (Cheers.) Here are £80— (cheers) — for a tabernacle for the High Altar, the gift of the children of Mr. and Mrs. John O'Sullivan. I am happy also to announce that Mr. John Johnson, Phillip-street, Sydney, has paid over £200 for a memorial window in memory of his daughter deceased. (Loud cheers.) These kind and generous friends are helping to make this grand house of God a worthy place of prayer ; thuo they are perpetuating, in a most beautiful and touching manner, the memories — I snay say for all times to come — of those who have been, and still are, very dear to them. (Ap plause.) I received this letter which I hold in my hand from Mr. Hollingdale on Saturday, and I now take this first opportunity of thanking him very much for it. He says : — ' ' ' 181 Macquario-Btreet, 5th August, 1881. ' My Lord Archbishop, — I desire to inform your Grace that I have seen Mr. Wardell regard ing sanctuary lamp, and he having approved of your Grace's proposal respecting two lamps being erected before the High Altar instead of one, I have ordered them, and encloae copy of indent for your Grace's perusal. The second lamp, Mrs. B. J. Hollingdale presents to the new Cathedral, be ing entirely independent of the one which your Grace bo thankfully acknowledged some abort time since. Trusting the order may bo carried out to your Lordship's desire, I beg to remain, my Lord Archbishop, your Grace's moat obedient servant, ' E. J. HOLLINCMDALE. \ -- ' The Archbishop of Sydney.' And here is a copy of the order for the two lampg, which will be interesting to all of you : — ' 71 York-street, Sydney, July 30, 1881. ' We enclose herein indent for Mr. E. J. '?' Hollingdale, of this city, for two sanctuary lamps, and to which we invite your special attention. These lamps are intended for presentation by Mr. Hollingdale to St. Mary's Cathedral hero, and the fact of Mr. Hollingdale boing an old and valued friend and constituent of ours id, we are sure, quite sufficient to insure your best attention, to Bay nothing of the good cause for which they are intended. We enclose herein sketch of the lamps required, but they must be handsome, as Mr. Hollingdalo depends upon us procuring some thing worthy of the acceptance of tho Cathodral, and with his accustomed liberality we are not restricted to price. Wo are, dear sir, yours, &o.;, ' Beeens and Selightann.' Now, finally, I hold a letter in my hand which I think I may bo allowed to eay has given me more genuine pleasure than any letter I have re ceived sinco I began this work. (Cheers.) First, because of tho high charactor and standing of the writer, then on account of the sentiments \- expressed in it, and lastly, on account of tho kind and helpful offering it contains. Thi' letter I am now about to read to you has been opon taneously sent to mo by a staunch friend of justice, a hater of dishonesty and sham, and as bravo a man as ever waa in this colony. I allude — you know it already — to tho Honourable William Macleay— (loud and long continued applause.) He says : — 'Elizabeth Bay, Sydney, 14th July, 1881. ' My dear Archbishop, — I have much pleasure in forwarding you a chequo for £50, which I wish you to apply by giving one-half towards the com pletion of St. Mary's Cathedral, and tho other to tho fund for the maintenance of your schools. In (supplementing my original contribution of ;C100 for the first of those objects, I desire to testify my sympathy with tho admirablo efforts now being made by my Catholic fellow- citizeno to complete a building so essential to tho propor celebration of their roligioua services, and which will bo ono of tho finest of our public structures, and such an ornament to our city. In asking your acceptance of tho cum which I offer in aid oC your schools, I wish to convoy to you my entire sympathy with tho exertions of your flock to provido for thom boIvob tho moans of public education. It seomod tome that you would not doom it altogether a matter of small importance that ono (who is not of your communion) should give expression to bin feolings of admiration for the groat generosity and sacrifice which have stimulated the action of your flock to secure for thoir children a religi ous education. You may rest assured that these efforts aro being watched with eager and kindly interest by many who will at no distant day recon sider under ciroiunslaneoH more favourable to an equitable judgment tho question of whether it is in accordance with justico to tax for the main tenance of a system of public instruction those who feel themselves conscientiously compelled to decline it, and upon whom is necessarily cast the burden of the support of a systom which they can alone conscientiously accept. Holding all my life the views concerning education which I now express, you may easily understand with what interest and gratification 1 regard the efforts made by youv flock in that direction. I am, yours very faithfully, ' WlLLIAM MACLEAY.' (Great cheering.) Wow, I look upon that a3 a splendid testimony to {.lie stand we have taken for the faith of the children. (Cheers.) These honest men, though they are not Catholics, know, a3 well as Catholics know, when wo are prevari cating and when wo aro standing to our colours. Had we turned tail, like a lot of fighting sheep, during tho education fronzy, and sacrificed the groat principle of religious education to the popular cry, with what contompt and compas sion would not this straightminded, fearless man have looked upon us ! Ho and all men of religious sense would have condemned us us surely as wo should nccretly have condemned ourselves as un worth}' of the great society and the traditions to which we belong. (Loud ap plause.) One of tho reasons why I am so earnestly pushing on this Cathedral-work is that wo may have a free courso open to us when Skite-a;d is taken from us at the end of next year. We are now successfully building this, and I will answer for it, that whon the time comes, wo will as successfully support our own schools, and bring up a thorough race of Catholics in this land. (Cheers.) When this work of tho Cathedral is ovor wo shall start a fund for the schools. Mr. Macleoy's £25 shall be tho begin ning of that fund and shall have tho honour, for I look upon it as an honour, to lay the foundation, as it were, of this great effort we shall make to thwart the tyranny and the injustice of tbo3o who would destroy the faith of Catholic children by thrusting them into schools that will be the death to their calling as members of tho Catholic religion. (Cheers) Tho total amount collected since last monthly meeting amounts to tho sum of £804 83. (Great cheering.) The total amount received during the mooting, including the Archbishop's list was £909 8s 7d. Tho annual meeting will take place in tho new Cathedral on 17th Octobor next. Me. Justice Windeteh. — His Excellency tho Governor, with the advice of the Executive Coun cil, has appointed Mr. William Charles Windeyor barrister-at-law, to be a Judge of tho Supreme Court of tho colony of l^ew South Wales, for the trial of all issues, civil and criminal, in pursuance of the provisions of ' An Act to authoriso the ap pointment of an additional Judge of the Supromo Court,' v/ith rank and precedence next after tho Honourable Sir Montagu Maiming, Knight, ono of tho Judges of tho said Court, to tako effect from the 6th instant. Rainfall. — The average rainfall in Sydney tip to July 31, for 23 years, lias been 30 inches. The total rainfall up to yesterday was 25 inchcB, showing 11 inches below tho seven months' average. The first six months of the present year show a groatar fall of rain than during the corresponding period of 1880 ; the fall up to June 30, 1880, was 1GJ inches, as againat 22 J inches for the six months ended June 30, 1881. Tho total rainfall for tho month of July of this year waB 2*47 inches, as against an average for July 1880 of 4*28 inches. The present year ia somewhat similar to 1862, whon tho rainfall for tho first aoven months was 16.76 inches. CALLAN PARK ASYLUM. — During the past eighteen months a large body of men have been employed in the erection of the new Asylum for the Insane at Callan Park, West Balmain. When completed the buildings will be equal, if not superior, to any similar institution in this part of the world, not only in extent and nearness to the metropolis, but also in completeness and the suitableness of the site. The contract was let in March, 1880, to Messrs Low and Kerr. The amount of the contract for the buildings was £229,000, and the time allowed for the execution of the work was three and a-half years. The first stone was laid on the 22nd April last year, and up to date rather more than half the work has been performed ; so that there is every reason for believing that the whole will be com- pleted before the expiration of the contract time, of which there are two years still to run. THE Governor of South Australia has appointed a Commission to inquire into the alleged injuries caused to farmers' gardens by sparrows, and (o consider tho desirability of taking stops for tho destruction of the pests. 