NEWS OF THE WEEK.I Tite weathor sinco our last has continued fiao» with one or two aliarp frosts. Tlie late rain was general throughout tho southern and western districts, and tho prospccts aro most cheering. The late hot woathor, wo are told, played old lurry with tho pianofortos everywhere, so much io that Mr..McDonoll has boon dotained on his iour a week longer than he anticipated. How ever, he is now in town, and those who need his professional services will do woll to notify tho jamo to him at onco, for his stay horo will not be longer than necessary, as ho has to make good already lost time. Reports reach us from all quarters of more or [oss damage done by the lato heavy rain. In the neighborhood of Wagra we hoar that tho at tention of our road superintendent is roquirod, is ono of tho culverts is choked with drift and causes an ovorflow of wator, which perils tho safety of the bridge. It is stated that the rainfall throughout Riverina is the heaviest since 1870, and that the pastoral prospects woro never brighter* At the Gundagai Police Court on Tuesday before Mr. Love, P.M., Clarence Bowditch was charged with neglecting to pay John Blake £4, alleged to be due to him for wages. It appeared that the defendant had hired him to work as a laborer at 7s per day, and he worked for five weeks. He agreed that the defendant should charge him I5s per week for his board and lodging, and he had received £1 and some tobacco and matches. The Police Magistrate, who observed that complainant sued for much less than was actually due to him, gave a verdict for the amount claimed, with £1 witness' ex- penses, 4s 10d costs of Court, and 10s 6d pro fessional costs, levy and distress, or fourteen days' jail. Mr. Perkins for complainant. — Yes- terday Patrick Staunton, charged with drunkon ness, was fined 5s or two days' jail. The Beehive Store has now changed hands, and Newman & Co. have given placo to Mr. J. W. Benson, who has purchased tho businoss. It is our painful duty to-day to report the deaths by drowning of James McAlister, son of Mr. Alexander McAlister, of Bundarbo, and of a boy, agod between eight and nine years, named Edward Sullivan, son of Mr. William Sullivan, of Black Springs. On Wednesday last tho deceased were engaged duriug the forenoon in crossing sheep over the Murrumbidgeo, near Jugiong, in a boat which was propelled by means of a ropo, which was fastened to either bank. When they had traversed about half the width of the river, the current proving too strong for Mr. McAlister, ho was compelled to lot go the rope. This caused the boat, which was overloaded, to lurch, and young Sullivan fell out. McAlister, without a moment's hesitation plunged in after his companion, and succeeded in placing him in tho boat, but, by some mis chance, the little fellow again fell out. Again Mr. McAlister wont after him, and brought him to tho surface, but, being unable to reach either tho boat or the bank, they both sank and were drowned. Mr. McAlister's body was subse quently recovered by Senior Constable Jones, but, up to a late hour on Wednesday, Sullivan's had not been found. This sad event has cast a gloom over Jugiong. A magisterial inquiry touching tho cause of the death of McAlister, was held last evening by Mr. G. N. Hal loran, J.P. Under Dr. Ogg*s caro Mr. M. Walker con tinues to improve rapidly. The monthly meeting of the Committee of the Gundagai Literary Institute was hold in the library room on Wednesday evening. Present : Messrs. Elworthy (chair), Walton, Halloran, Kendall, Allman, Murray and Smith. The usual formalities having been gone through, and payment voted for the now books just added to tho library, the treasurer announced that a further sum of £15 was now available for books, and a selection was at once made for an addi tional supply. Some residents of Gundagai are about to peti tion the hon. tho Minister for Works for tho erection of a culvert over Jones's Crook, near tho pound yards. Tho only means of crossing— a largo log— was washed away by tho recent rains. A bridge or culvert is much required at the point named. A MEETING of the Gundagai Bench of magis trates was held on Tuesday last for the purpose of nominating a Returning Officer for tho Gun dagai electorate, vice Dr. McKillop, resigned. After a consultation it was unanimously agreed to nominate Mr. James McEvoy, J.P., of Tarra bandra, for tho office* Mr. John Isaao, while engaged collecting the census returns on tho south 6ide of tho river, dis covered that thero were some forty children in the vicinity of Tarrabandra who did not attend sohool. The excuse alleged by their parents or guardians for neglecting their education was tho absence of any school within, a reasonable dis tance, and it was added that owing to tho diffi culty of obtaining a suitable site for the building it was useless to ask the Department to estab lish a school. Mr. Isaao on Wednesday brought the matter under the notice of Mr. James McEvoy, J.P., and that gentleman at onco promised to grant two aores for sohool purposes on any part of his estate that may be thought most desirable. Deeds of Grants of land for the following persons aro now lying at the land offlco, Gun dagai, which, if not taken up within one month, will be returned to tho Registrar-General's office, Sydney:— Samuel Young, CatherineLuff, Stephen White, James Hoban, Potor Sullivan, and William Bootes. On Tuesday last the Bench of magistrates re vised tho electoral roll for the Gundagai elect orate. A fow names wore struck out and a numbor were added. Tho number of electors on tho roll at prosentis just 1,600, being an increase of about fifty on last year's list. We have been favored by the Distriot Regis trars with the following returns for the quartor ending 31st March last Gundagai. Tumut. M. f. Tl. sr. f. Tl. Birth* ? 26 41 67 .. 26 15 41 Deaths. ... . 17 0 26 .. 7 6 13 Marriages.. 8 .. 6 On Tuosday a number of men bolonging to the farming class, with drays containing housohold furnituro, agricultural implements, eto., passed through Gundagai, en routo for Cudgollico, whore thoy intend to soloot land. Latoly tho Government threw open tho goldfiold rosorve at that placo, and a great rush is, consequently, anticipated now that tho weather has broken. The Burrow i News republishes, with some very complimentary remarks, the first letter of ' Lord Mansfield's Ghost,' on the law of arrest. Our contemporary is the revorso of complimen tary to our Polico Magistrate ; but, while it is not our provinco to express an opiuion on the law point raised, wo may, in justice to Mr. Love, remind our readers that tho judges of the highost courts somotimes disagroo in their in terpretation of tho law. The coach from Cootamundra which was due at 1 p.m., did not reach Gundagai until 4*40 on Tuesday last. The delay was not attributable to the coaoh proprietors, Cobb and Co., who are ever roady for any emergency, but to an acci dent on the railway. It appears that tho points at one of the crossings noor Monangle were not properly arranged, and the goods train arriving j at the plaoo in question got off the lino, and so blocking it that tho mail train could not pass till the obstruction was removed. The Melbourne' journals describe* Colley, thb' principal actor in the Russell-street tragedy, as boing six feet high, with light moustache, but with several teeth out in the upper jaw.' The Border Post, alluding to Colley's residence in Albury, says that ho does not seem to have done much work lately, spending his time principally at cards, on which he evidently thrived, as he lived well and woro fine linen and gorgeous raiment. The latest accounts state that both he and his victim are progressing favorably, but that there is a bettor ohanco of his recovery than hers. The following yarn is told (says the Coota mundra Herald) of a lady of a highly benevolent character and excessive kindly nature : — In her periodical travels round through tho Goulburn diocese of the Church of England, with her equally good naturod husband, the happy couple pay a house to houso visitation, and all things that como within tho lady's observation oxcitos an oxolamation of dolight. Everything toldhor or shown her she pronounces to be 'vory nico.' When shown the pretty homestead, she exclaims ' How nico !' And the numerous babies aro 'vory nice.' On last round, calling on a selector's wife, the following dialogue occurred : — Lady Visitor : Is this your own place ! Wife : Yes.' L.Y. : 'How nice.' Many children? Wifo : Nine. L.Y. : ' O, how nice 1' Hus band industrious P Yes. 44 Very nice.' Is ho kind? Wife: O, very kind — kind enough to run away with another man's wife. '0/ how very nice /' Concerning the state of affairs at Teinora, the correspondent of the 8, M. Herald tele graphs as follows : — 14 During the past fow days tho weathor appeared wild aud threatening, and culminated on Saturday night in a heavy down pour. It commenced raining on Saturday even ing, and continued steadily until Sunday morning, when the rain fell lighter. Neerly three incheB of rain must have fallen during tho twelve hours, putting water in all the dams. Lewis's dam, which has lately been greatly enlarged, is an immense sheet of water, and so great was the rush of water about 2 a.m. on Sunday that he had to out away for fear of the embankments going. Lewis says he can work for nine weeks with tho supply he has for two machines. All the other dams below Lewis's are either overflowing or partly filled, and tho largo dam of the Temora Quartz-crushing Com pany is full. The Amolia, Cook's, Sullivan's, Gordon's, the Squatters', and numerous others are supplied, and all the puddlers start to work immediately. A rough estimate of tho supply gives 30,000 as the number of loadB that can bo washed. The house and miners' tanks aro all supplied and running over, and prospecting is now going on in all directions. Groat activity is being displayed in taking up abandoned shares, and the Warden will have lively times if the rains continue, which is likely. The scene at tho different dams was quite exciting on Sunday. Thanksgivings for the rain were offorod up by the ministers of religion on Sun day. Over two inches have fallen. Several handsome nuggets were picked out last Monday afternoon. Hogan and party, opposite Small's Hotel, Lower Temora, got a 3-oz. nugget from one dish. A personal inspection of the reserva tion amply shows that nothing like provision has been made for storing the water* Now tho rains have fallen, immense bodies of water are running away. Reynolds and party, adjoining Yankee Charlie's claim, have struck water, almost fresh, at 170 feet. 6 ozs. in coarse gold has been picked out of tho heap on a olaim in Doutschor's ground. The town was very lively on Monday. The mining registrar is busy with applications for abandoned ground. Drays are moving in all directions, carting dirt. Great disappointment is felt at-the site on which- the sohool tents are being erooted, tho distance, it is' thought, being too great from the centre of the town, and children will have to cross a flooded flat where Lewis's dam is situated. There are several available sites in De Boos-stroet, where the court-house iB built. No. 2 progress com mittee mot on Saturday ovoning, and instructed the secretary to write to the members for the district, stating that the committee was elected by the voico of the pooplo, over 700 votos being polled at the election, whereas only 62 were polled at election of committee No. 1.' It is said that sharks will not bite a swimmer who keeps his logs in motion. 'If you,, can kcop kickiag longer thau a shark can keep wait ing you'll be all right,' says an aoute observer. A capital Btory is told of a recently-oreated magistrate— rathor of his wife. It was in an up-country town on the western road, and the J.P. had gone for tho first time to eit on tho 'Binoh.' His hotter half, who understood little about his olovation, except that it waB something too awful to contemplate, callod out to the oook, ' Bridget, put on the pratees at wonst; his majesty will be at home to dinner at one to tho minyute 1' In London during the third week of February, although the sun was above the horizon for seventy hours, only ono- fifth of an hour the bright sunshine was recorded. We don't think it necessary to ' teach our | grandmothers how to Buck eggs,' nor do wo | prosumo to touch our wives how to make tea, I but from a little book published in London on ' How to mako tea,' by W. M. Aldorson, M.B.L.C., wo extract the following useful hints : — ' It is worthy of notice. that during tho winter months, when ono most noeds tho com fort of a really good'oup of tea, greater care is necessary in making it than at any other season of the year. Tho damp fogs of November, and biting frosts of winter, mako it absolutely necessary to see that tho teapot is thoroughly heated when the tea is put in, and that a good quantity of boiling wator is immediately pourod over it direct from tho kettle. Thisbeing done, tho teapot should bo allowed to stand near the fire (or under the tea-cosey) for ten or fifteen minutos before uRing it, as fine teas, from their closely-twisted loaf and caroftil preparation, roquire longor to infuse than commoner quali ties. Should these directions bo closely fol lowed, the full flavor and great strength will amply repay any extra care in making it. When tho teapot is damp, and only half-heated, or tho water pourod on it from a jug, instead of boil ing from tho kettlo, double tho quantity of tea may be put in, and the result much less satis factory. ? The following selections were taken up at Gundagai yesterday :— * ? Michael Burke, 40a, Cooba . Stephen Passlow, 40a, Cooba Charles Smith, 40a, Cooney W. G. Bowles, 40a, Mitta Mitta David Neve, 40a, Willie Ploma James Crowo, 40a, Gobarralong John Jessop, 40a, Willie Ploma Peter Constantino, 100a, Money Monoy Thomas Broughton, 141a, Coomey James Neve, sen., 40a, Bangus Thomas Givney, 40a, Darbalara Justin McCarthy, 101a, Eurongilly Thomas Hoffernan, 200a, Eurongilly William H. Shaw, 120a, Eurongilly N. Carberry, 120a, Gobarralong Michael Carberry, 120a, Gobarralong Elizabeth Carberry, 500a, Gobarralong John Fitzmaurice, 360a, Gobarralong James Smith, 40a, Gobarralong Neils Polsen, 320a, Gobarralong. — Total, 3,082 acres. The case of Robert Gair, sontoncod to death at tho recent Dubbo Assizos for the crime of arson, was taken into consideration at a meeting of the Exocutive Council on Tuesday week, and it was decided to commute the sentence to seven years' imprisonment with hard labour. At the meeting of tho City Council last week, tho Health Officer's report was laid on the table. With regard to the Chinese the report says : — ? 'Tho influx of tho Chinoso causes mo to warn | you of the danger likely to acorne from the ! overorowding of tho numbers imported in small ! houses nud thero caii bono doubt that they, like I every othor nation, bring their own diseases to bo distributed among us.' The following selections were taken up at the Burrowa Land-office last week. ? W* Neill, 600a, Cocomingla ?S. Drumgoold, 320a, Congers J. Carr, 300a, Birrima H. J. Dale, 300a, Birrima G. W. Dale, 100a, Birrima G. Smith, 59a, Binalong J. Roid, 40a, Numby J. A. Gorham, 80a, Gunnary J. Devino, 40a, Taunton A. E. Middleton, 120a, Taunton. A number of parties from Temora having claims to tho right of the Cootamundra road arc raising wash from tho doep lead. There has been some nico gold got from the cement, which is now boing stacked for crushing. The lead eeems to wind towards the edge of the road. In view of the construction of the line of rail way from Blayney to Murrumburrah, land ir and near the latter place is bringing good prices A boring machine haB arrivod at Murrum burrah and is now being erected near tho cento* of the town. It is the gonoral impression thai good gold exists there. There is a report that at Metcalfe's paddock, Blind Creek, good gold ie being found. Two instances of freaks of fortune have jusl been reported to us ( Daily Telegraph ) by Mr. Arthur Cubitt, of the Missing Friends office, Sydney. One is that of a gold miner at Charters Towors, Queensland, who for years had isolated himself from his family and friends in Scotland. He seemed, however, to bo aware that the time might come when he would enjoy the income derivable from a proporty in Glas gow; but several relativos had to pass away before he could claim anything from the entailed estate. To ascertain how mattors stood, Mr. Cubitt was engaged to mako tho necessary searoh. Proof of tho death of his father, mother and only sister has been obtained ; all particu lars essential for establishing identity have been forwarded to Mr. Cubitt by his London agent, with which the account of himself given by tho hoir minutely corresponds, and in a few months he will be put in possession of a substantial rent-roll from some houses in Glasgow, as well as a further income from a valuable parcel of land in tho vioinity of that city. The fortunate recipient of this annual. sum will enjoy it during life-time, aftor which it will go to his children in equal shares, or, failing issuo, to the next of kin. Tho other case relates to a sum of money which, for 25 years, has boon awaiting a proper ownor, who hns lit longth been found in Sydnoy. Tho last mail informed Mr. Cubitt that furthor affidavits woro necessary to complete the proofs ; these are in course of preparation, nnd will be forwarded to England in a few days. In due courso, the principal, with the accumulated interest, making togethor a good round Bum, will be handed over to a well-known residont of this city. Messrs. Westphalen and a strong party are prospeoting doep ground eight milos north- east from tho town of Parkes, near Goobang. Oyer 1000 ozs. of gold per week is being produced on tho Palmor. Tho next escort is expected to tako 6500 ozs. Tns Marquis de Ray's socond vossel, tho Port Broton, with 600 immigrants, for the illfated colony, and with the Marquis himself on board, is reported to have arrivod at Singapore. Mr. Solomon, a brothor of John Solomon, of tho Gaiety, has just brought to Sydnoy, Dominick Sonsoo, tho smallest innn in tho world. Ho is but 2 feet high, weights 44 lbs., and is 30 years of age. Ho is considerably smaller than Tom Thumb, and is an intelligent, amusing littlo gentleman. The Chiuese now outnumber the adult Europeans at Vegetable Creek by throo to one. Great complaints aro made that the Chinkios polluto tho water in the neighbourhood of tho township. The daughtor of a Victorian polico magis trate eloped with a son of a Ballarat solicitor, and thoy were married at a registry office. Tho irato father intercoptod tho couplo immediately aftor the coromony, and took his daughter homo. ' Kingston was tho scone of a romantic mar riage on April 25 ' (says the 8.A. Advertiser J* 'It appears that a lubra named Rebecca Bevoridgo, bolonging to tho Dimboola tribe of Victorian blacks, became enamoured of a young 1 native named Charlie Walker, who had wandered into that neighbourhood from Kings ton, and, after a short courtship, tho affection ? culminated in a runaway match. Naturally Charlio made for his old haunts at Lacepedo Bay, bringing his dusky lover with him, but Btrangely enough.^^hia .castas 4a tho caseo£ his white skinned brethren, the whole proverb was Yerified, and his courso of true love ran very far from smoothly, for ho had scarcely been in this district a fortnight before a contingent of Dimboola blaoks, led by tho father of the girl, ' with all the pomp and circumstance of glorious war,' appeared upon the scene and demanded tho body of the abducted girl, threatening to tako her by force of arms if their demand was not at onco complied with. As a matter of course, and with all their native combativoness aroused, tho Kingston tribe prepared to take the part of their champion, and the result would certainly havo been a plethora of broken heads and bruised bodies had not the majesty of tho law, in the Bhape of Sergeant Morris and Trooper Pearce, stepped in, and by taking pos session of tho persons of the two principal parties, removed tho cause of the impending disturbance to tho police station and Bafoty. Tho loving couple were kept in security until by persuasions and argument the paternal consent i was obtainod to the marriage, for marriago I Charles insisted on, and tho invading blaoks, ; listoning to the force of reason and confessing I 4 the omnipotent power of love,' returned to i their Victorian hunting grounds again. Then preparations for tho wedding commoncod, and tho Bervicos of a visiting ministor (the Rov. H. ' H. Toague) having been called in, the happy couple with all due ceremony were united in the bonds of holy matrimony in the presonce of several interested witnesses, both black and I whito. Sergeant Morris, who through tho whole of thoir tribulation had acted with tho utmost kindnoss to tho embarrassed couple, feeding them and boarding them at his own cost during thoir hours of suspense, provided 1 tho ring und guyo tho brido away.' It is stated that Coles's cirous netted £24,000 whilo in tho Australian colonies. Mr. Hugh Holt, Btationmaster, Waratah, who was reported to have been lost in the Tararua, has been heard from at Jerilderie. Mr. M. A. Oleary, well-known as a teacher of elocution and languages, has made a proposal to Sir Henry Parkes to give his services for one month in teaching the remaining Italian immi grants sufficient English to enablo them to ob „ tain situations tho moro readily. This disin ^ torosted offor is under tho consideration it seems 3 to bo so worthy of. i A meeting of the Victoria (Philosophical) In 1 statute of England took place on the 21st of February, at 7, Adelphi Terrace, London, whon a paper ' On the Implements of the Stone Ago ^ as a Primitive Demarcation between Man and other Animals,' by tho late Dr. Thompson, LL.D., of Harvard University, was read ; after ? which a second brief papor on tho Caves of a Devonshire was read by Mr. Howard, F.R.S., t in which tho author, as a chomist, pointed out t the important bearing that the new investiga s tions into the modo of formation of tho cave floors had upon tho whole quostion at issue, a j. bearing so important as to nullify all the calcu lations as to thoir ago hitherto advanced. Wo observe that the objoct of this Society is to in ^ vestigate impartially all questions of philosophy j and science Baid to militate against tho truth of revelation, and it appoars that last year nearly j half the now members were Amorican or p Colonial, and this proportion has not lessoned this year, especially as all wishing the Socioty , well aro eligible as associates— a subscription of L one guinea entitling thorn to tho year's publica tions. Mrs. P. Walsh, of Kikiama station, whilst ro ? turning from Cowra on Saturday night, in cora ? pany with Mr. Walsh, was thrown out of a i buggy near Grenfell and died shortly afterwards, i At the inquest tho jury returned a verdict of \- accidental death, and added a rider requesting i tho coroner to acquaint the .Road Department of I tho disgraceful state of the roads in the vioinity I where the aooident ocourred, with the view of I having the necessary repairs done. A preliminary trial of the eleotrio -light was ? made last wook in Swanston- street, Melbourne. J It was very brilliant, and had theeffeotof lighting up tho Town Hall and street, making gaslights appear as dirty pale yellow ilamos. The largest toy faotory in the world is in New . York. It stands fivo stories high and turns out ; 1,657 distinot varieties, of tin toys. 12,000,000 tin whistles aro manufactured every yoar. A man has been fined £10 for cruelly beating a horse about tho head with a piece of wood, at Melbourne. A new goldfield has been discovered at the head of the Mary River, in the Northern Terri : tory. Chinese only aro there at present, and j obtain from J oz. to 2 ozs. each per day. | Tite lato loader of tho Queensland blaok truckors, Sub- inspector O'Connor, has beon ap pointed an inspector of tho Victorian polico, and has gono to tho Kolly country as Bocond in command. The New South Wales and other dotootivos havo been awurdud an honorarium of £20 each for exhibition services. According to tho late census returns, thero ire in tho Victorian metropolitan distriet 281,949 persons, tho majority boing on tho side of tho females. The woll-known Hector Wilson is dofondan of a breach of promise caso. Somo amusing disclosures aro anticipated. Photographs sent, to plaintiff by him whilst residing in Utah will be produced. A case comes on shortly at tho Colao (Victoria) Polico Court in which a girl, agod 17 years, was recently confined, and sho was attondod only by a strango girl; immodiatoly aftorwards tho _ inhuman mothor of tho confiuod girl turned hor daughtor and newly-born child, wrappod only in a pioco of blankot, out of doors. The Age cablegram recently stated that a bailiff in Galway was roastod till ho promised to * rosign his position. Tho auti-Jowish agitation ? in Germany continues ; housos are boing sacked and tho J ows illusod. Captain Standish will bo presented with a handsome silvor casket and addross by tho Vic torian police. The Rockhamton (Queensland) Bulletin says : —A short time back Mr. Macartney got bitten by a black spidor with a rod baok, and in less than ten minuses after his color changed to tlio^ ^ _ hue of doathT Ho vomited violently, wliilo thfi ' agony procooding from tho poison of the bite shot through his framo like streams of firo. Ho . was taken homo immodiatoly, and in loss than half-an-hour from tho time ho was bitten ho had lost the use of his legs, whilo his body was con vulsed with the most fearful tortures. For over forty-eight hours he was dolirious with agony* During that time he drank three bottles of brandy and two largo bottles of gin, without their having tho slightest effect upon .him. Tho pain enveloped his framo like a mantle of firo, and almost drove him insane. Sloop seemed to be banished from him, as he only slept a quarter of an hour in two days. Mr. Macartnoy is by trade a blacksmith, and boforo ho got bitten was the picturo of health and streugth. Though, still suffering paiu he is progressing favorably*. Tho clas9 of spider that bit him is to bo mot with, ' everywhere. Its favorito haunts are wator- *? closets, stables, and out- houses* A young man named Georgo Joffroy wa& killed in tho claim of tho Horculos and Enorgotie Company, Long Gully, Victoria- Ho was1 engaged at tho western crosscut at tho 600 feot lovel of the north shaft cleaning out a holo* which had missed firo, whon an explosion took place. Tho only person blameablo is the unfor tunate young man himself, his conduct boing in contravention of the Regulations of Mines* Statute, which enacts that a now holo must be commoncod when a chargo misses fire. It is said that over two thousand duols have been fought in Franco ovor disputes about womon* Thomas Hardy is said to bo the greatest of living English novolista. Miss Flora Sharon, daughter of a Son Fran cisco millionaire, latoly wore a diamond necklet which cost £20,000. Captain Webb, the celebratod long distance swimmer, will shortly swim from Holyhead to Kingston, a distance of 64 miles. 