ENTERTAINMENTS. DRAMATIC, &C.; The theatre-going public ought soon to have a surfeit of the sensational. They had a pretty full dish of horrors when the " World" wsb presented to them; but the performance of the drama called "Forsaken, or Oast npon the World" can give that other representation of what b supposed to be life some points and beat it. In the " World" we had a certain amount of originality, and some creditable spectacular effects; but in "Forsaken" the agoDy is piled np very high indeed, the mechanical department is more sensational than beautiful, and the plot 1b not novel, at least the most prominent item in it is evidently an adaptation, and the rest, is about what one expects} to find in a yellow back third-class romance. Still, as a Saturday night perfor mance it should suit, for the gallery espeoially loves lots of human depravity on the stage with as hearty an enjoyment as it relishes sickly sentiment. Weslthy merchants or rich hawkers appear to be favourite game for the "melo dramatUt," and in "F.rsaken" we have the heavy villain this time in Goldfinch Grainger, a banker, who enacts the stern father, and casts his beautifnl (they are always Bngels of loveliness these stage heroines) daughter Mabel upon the world because she has married Philip Melford, a delicate clerk In bis service, who accommodatingly goes off the hooks in consequence of the violence of hb re lnctant father-in-law. Mabel, with a small pledge of her ill-bestowed affection, b next seen in the snow- covered streets doing her best to get frozeD, but a hawker with the peculiar name of Waif and his inamorata, Susy, comes* on the scene and takes Mabel and her baby to the FounciliDg Hospital. Old Grainger and a" black hearted" nephew named Lexbourne appear, and Mabel gives np the ghost, still scorned by her heartless parent, and the babe is admitted to the Hospital. Lexbonrne has designs upon tbe old man and hiB money, and expects to inherit bis uncle's cash if tbe fonndling dies—Mabel, another bar, being already defnnct. Fifteen years slide by in that rapid fashion peculiar to stage periods, aud we fiud the boy of Mabel a etout young fellow, apprenticed to a sawyer. Lexbonrne gets hold of a willing scoundrel more vulgar aud do less unscrupulous than himself, and for a sum of money fixes Up the Bpprentioe bo that he may be eat two by a circular saw. The carving business, however, does not oome elf, because the con venient Waif, who it seems is always handy when wanted, turns up, cuts the youth (Philip, for that iB his out name) loose, and thus spoils an artistio murder, with no regret for the feel ings of the local Press, probably hard up enough for a stray ,sensation. The next scene is in the churchyard, where Philip's mother, Mabel, lies buried. Here also repair Lexbourne and his tool, the unsuccessful murderer. The banker cornea also to weep copiously over the grave of his daughter. The old gentleman is about being butchered by Lexbourne's hired assassin, when everybody likely to be any use turns up and there is a deuoument of a particularly finish ing character — the happy ending aoeording to alt thiDgs made and provided. The drama does not call for much in the way of acting so long as the villany business is done in the orthodox fashion, and the sentimental part has enongh tears in it. The leading performers, Miss Mayor, Mr. H. V incent, and Mr. Atkins, carried out what was required of them with conscien tiousness worthy of a better canse. " The Ticket of Leave Man," which we have seen so often, and are perhaps getting a trifle tired of, was substituted for the drama of "Forsaken" on Wednesday evening. Mr. Vincent did himself and the author credit as Bob Brierly, aud Miss Kate Douglas as the heroine "Msy Edwards" was favourably re ceived. Mr. atkins made a very stereotyped representation of the vulgar Jew, Melter Moss —and by the way we are getting a surfeit of the stage Hebrew and could ju9t as well forget him if permitted. The gentleman who did the detective, Hawk shaw—a power in the play—was badly cast and might have done better in some other role. Miss Lena Ellis was very entertaining as the volatile Bam Willonghby, and Mr. Douglass came the heavy villain" Jim Dalton" as cleverly as he could. The reet of the company did thoir level beat. Garner's Theatre has been re-opened, and was on Saturday night the scene of some weird and wonderful performances by Professor Anderson, an illnsionist, who is clever in his way; bat sadly wants wit and smartness. Many of his tricks Bre clever, if not new, bat he has not the happy knack possessed by some conjurers of amusing his audience with sparkling talk and satirical sentences. He goes about his wizard tricks in too matter-of-fact a fashion when he might make tbem "go" twice as well if he only infused a little of the leaven of fun into his seances. One of the smartest of his feats is that of producing from under clotbB carried on his arm successive bowls of water containing gold fish. There is no gammon about the bowls or the goldfish, for the former are brimming with water, and the latter areas lively as Oouaoillor Downs pet trout when they want to hurt his feelings by getting out of the Torrens Lake Professor Anderson produces a big cauldron which, by the way, looks as if were made of very thick paper-macbe painted black, and after pouring in several buckets of weter ho produces therefrom a wnolc menagerie of dncl», pigeons, rabbits, Sc., with as much rapidity and sang froid as a market women bringing to light her homestead prodooe of ponltry. Then he gives as the vanishing canary cage trick, which he manages with as mnch dexterity as any one we have seen in that particular feat. It is not new bat it is mystify ing. Mrs. Anderson gave an exemplification of the so-called supernatural vision, and succeeded in nnzzling her audience completely. In another trick the lady is sealed np in a bag, and emerges in a few minutes without the seals being tampered with, or the bottom of the bag cat. Gn at capital is made out of the Indian basket feat, bnt there is room for improvement in Proiessor Anderson's case. In India, accord ing to all accounts, tbe basket, a small one, is placed en a bare, cleanly-swept piece of ground, and a bey placed nnder it. The juggler begins by talking to the lad and gradually working himself up into a fit of passion, till, in an ap parent paroxysm of fury, he seizes a sword and passionately thrusts the basket through and through till streams of blood poor out of it. and tbe frantic struggles of tbe victim cease. Then tbe boy comes unharmed out of the crowd. We do not want all this sensational element intro dnced, bnt Professor Anderson is, tossy tbe least, somewhat tame in it. There is an absence of dramatic effect which robs the performance of moch of its value. He mildly tells the lady that he intends to run her through with a sword, and after a little badly simulated reluc tance, she enters the basket, which by-the-way is large enough to hold two persons. When tbe Professor ratber gingerly inserts tbe sword and puBbes it through tbe basket only once, and nigh up too, tbe lady comes unruffled from tbe side scenes. Tbe thiDg would be remark ably effective if better managed. Tbe decapita tion trick is very fairly performed, and some of tbe minor illusions are done with dexterity. Tbe fault we have to find with tbe Professor is in the by-play department—he sometimes shows too plainly what his object is. For instance, in tbe Parisian hat scene, when he performs the time-honoured triok of takiDg out an intermin able length of ribbon from a black belltopper, be goes straight to a table, places tbe heap of ribbon upon it, and then gathering it up produces two rabbits from tbe mass. Tbe thing is too palpable. Professor Anderson's slegbt of-band is worthy of admiration, however, for be is very dexterous in such small exhibitions ct tbe juggler's skill. Taking tbe entertain ment all through, however, it is worth seeing. 