THE ABDUCTED. Her own mother said, over her gin-laced tea, to a sister charwoman, 'He'll find out he's caught a Tartar; but I'm thankful to be rid of her. She's led me a fine life since she wor a little 'an. He've pleased his eye and plagued his heart, he have, for she's a regular "cure," is Gerty, though. I says it as shouldn't, seeing 'I'm her mother.' At first Gerty, as she was called, was all smiles and good-humour and little attentions,and if any thing went wrong, if dinner was not ready, his buttons were off his shirt — which had never been the case in his first wife's time, or even when Mary had the management — Gerty would smile so sweetly, her coral lips disclosing such white, even teeth, and such soft dimples form in her pearl-like cheeks, that Toddles could not bear to scold, sad den, or anger her. She was very glad, at first of Mary's help, and rather disposed to make a drudge of the gentle, willing, handy child; but she soon became jealous of her too, and began, to wish for a full-grown servant who would call her 'missus,' and not expect to sit with them at the table, or be thought so much of by Toddles. When once those two feelings, jealousy and ambition, the ambition to have a servant of her own, had taken possession, of her head and proud heart, she began to try to set Toddles against Mary, to talk of the union as the best place for such brats — of charity beginning at home. She called the child a Methody for her pious habits and love of the Bible, and when Toddles was away, she was often very cross, and even cruel to Mary. She would slap the sweet face fiercely for no offence, pull her long golden curls, of which she was very jealous, as her own thick, black, horse- hair-like tresses would not curl, and say 'she knew where she would be, and should be, before long, and where all them rat's tails would, be clipped short enough, and smail shame to them as done it, if any, and no loss to no one.' Mary was very unhappy now at Toddles', but she never complained. She would not make mischief, or cause words, as she said to herself. Charley Linden had written very affectionately when he heard of his foster-mother's death, and his letter was washed with, tears as he spoke of Rosy, the little ones, and his kind manamy. His letter was to Mary, who a pretty little writer, had written him word of all the sad disasters at home. He had added, that his uncle had been much pleased with her pretty little letter, and had said that in the hay- making season he would come with Charley to see Mary, and bring her to Henley on a visit. This letter had greatly enraged the new Mrs. Toddles, who, though she wished to be rid of Mary, was jealous of any favour shown the little, lonely, loving girl. One day, towards evening, Mrs. Toddles, 'very lazy herself, had had her mother (old Mrs. Grimms) to wash and clean up, and a clothes-line being re quired, and some gin (both old Grimms and her daughter were very fond of gin) being wanted too, Mrs. Toddles said to Mary, who was reading the 'Pilgrim's Progress' by the firelight : 'Come, Moll, stir your stumps, can't ye? Get out of there; you're always a reading, you are!' ' I've only read a little bit to-day, ma'am (Gerty had insisted on Mary calling her ma'am), 'and not then till I'd done all my work.' ' Don't answer me, you little hussy!' said Mrs. Toddles. 'To look at ye, one 'ud think butter wouldn't melt in your mouth, and yet cheese wouldn't choke ye! for all that copy o' your countenance I never could make out why you aint to go on no errands.' 'Please, ma'am, it's because daddy's afraid Moonlight Meg might get old of me again and Catch, me up,' said Mary, tears filling her eyes. 'Stuff a-nonsence, said Gerty; 'she'd soon set you down again. You aint no such catch, I can tell ye. But don't squat there a-flying in my face, or I'll box your ears for ye, ye owdacious little beggar! Take that ere bottle and this ere shilling, and buy ten-pennorth of gin at the 'Palmerston' public over the way, and a two-penny clothes-line round the corner in Dark Street, and mind you're back in no time, or I'll bang ye a good 'un!' 'And if she don't, I will, my lass,' said old Mrs. Grimms, taking a huge pinch of snuff. She shared her daughter's love for gin, and jealous, grudging hatred of Mary. 'There's the shilling and there's the bottle, Moll,' said Mrs. Toddles. ' Now don't rile me no more, but set off at once, and be back like winky, and if you do, I'll give you a drop of the liquor, may be.' 'No, thank ye, ma'am.' I can't abide it,' said Mary. 'The more fool you; aint you a-going to budge, eh?' 'Musn't I get my bonnet, ma'am? said Mary. 'Bonnet, no! be off at once, or I'll bonnet ye!' and she came like a fury towards Mary to slap her face. 'I know daddy 'll be angry with me for going out into the street alone, across the Broadway, too,' said little Mary, as seizing the shilling and the bottle, and ducking her pretty head to avoid Mrs. Toddles' long, bony hand, she rushed into the street. The nearest public house was the 'Palmerston,' lower down on the other side, across the Broad way. It was that same gin- palace where Charles Linden had first seen Mary weeping on the door step, but she knew not that. On she ran, crossed the Broadway, and in she went, pale, scared pant ing, terrified by the hideous, bloated faces, the angry voices, bad words, and loud curses which met her as she stole timidly to the counter and asked of a red-faced, corpulent, ruddy landlord in a white apron, and a smiling landylady, all bugles, flowers, crinoline, and flounces, for ten penny worth of gin. A vile-looking man and a low, hideous woman were at the time boozing in the ' Palmerston.' 'Meg,' said the man, 'look there; aint we in luck this time and no mistake? I'm blowed if that ere aint the kid. She's a growed no end, but I'd lay my life it's she. That's gold-haired Moll, and, we may yet pocket the shiners, old gal.' 'Hush,' said the woman. 'Hold yer jaw, can't ye? 'Tis she. Have you got the sack for the taters, and the gag about ye, eh?' 'Yes, Meg,' whispered the man. 'I always has gag by me 'cos why, there's no knowing what may turn up.' 'Then come along. Follow I,' said Meg. Having paid for the gin, Mary looked about her in the Broadway for a shop where she might buy the clothes-line. A few doors up a back street (Dark-street, West) she saw ashop with tools, brushes, coils of role and line. She turned the corner, though the street war very dark and quite deserted, in order to purchase the clothes-line. As she hurried along, suddenly a practised hand from behind slipped a gag into her little mouth, and a coarse sack, with an earthy smell, was drawn over head and shoulders. The bottle, which she still clutched, was wrenched from one little hand, and the twopence from the other. A strong pair of arms lifted and carried her along. She could, neither shriek nor struggle, but even in the horror of that moment she could think. She knew that her worst fears were con firmed, and that she was again in the power of Moonlight Meg and of Jawing Jem. CHAPTER XXVI. On the grass at thy feet Crept maidens sweet, To gather the dew of May.— Old Song. It was a glorious day as Mina walked across the park and through the plantations, intending to go and watch the sea from a favourite rock not far from Woodhurstville. The trees all wore the bright green livery of the Lady Spring. The air was fragrant with the nutty scent of the white and pink may and of the shy violets, betrayed by their fragrance like modest virtue by its good deeds. All nature teemed with life. All young, glad things were abroad. White lambs frolicked by their fleecy mothers; matronly mares chaperoned, their slender, prancing, long-legged colts; motherly cows were flanked by their sweet young calves. The butterflies were abroad, gay dandies of the insect world as they are, sporting from, one wild flower to another; and so was that brown, steady, mercantile fellow, the bee, quite as great a flirt in his way, and both of them but cupboard lovers after all, wooing the flowers for what they can get. It was a day on which Sorrow's self might raise her drooping head, and own that there is much of beauty in this troublous world, while to happy hearts existence itself is luxury on such a day. Soon Mina found her heart grow lighter as she felt the soft breeze play on her cheek and as she in haled the rich fragrance of the wild flowers and the may. She began to listen to the voice of hope, and to believe that little Mary would be restored to her. She sat herself down on the rock she loved so well, and though her eyes filled with tears as she gazed on the sea lying blue and rippled before her, and thought of the dear one it had in its wrath engulphed, yet she did not sorrow as one without hope, for she remembered how good and true he was, and that she had often heard him say, 'Whom the gods love die young.' She was recalling words of his which seemed to her prophetic of his early doom, when a sigh stole upon her ear, and starting, she looked timidly round and saw Gaspar standing, very pale and with his arms folded, by her side. 'How quietly you stole upon me, Gaspar,' said Mina, smiling. 'I did not hear you approach. Come and sit down by me, and tell me when you arrived, and how you left poor Aunt Mountjoy. How long have you been back here?' 'I am only just arrived, Mina,' he said. ' My mother is better, and I could not stay away any longer from Woodhurst.' As he spoke he fixed his eyes upon her face with an earnestness that made her tremble and turn alternately pale and red. She tried to laugh off her confusion, and said. ' Well, I was just longing to see you. I want to consult you. I want your help. Gaspar.' 'Mina knows my life is at her service,' said Gaspar. "But tell me, have you not some secret which lies heavy on your heart? If so, confide it to me; you will be happier then, Mina. Tell me what caused your illness? Be open with me, Mina. Remember, I would die to serve you;' so saying, he took her trembling hand, and Mina, she scarce knew how or why, revealed to him the whole story of her visit to the Haunted Wing, and of the piece of parchment she had found on the music desk of the organ. She frankly described all that had appeared to her, and when she came to the last scene of the dissolving views of that phantasmagoria in which little Mary, restored to her by him, joined her hands, he suddenly threw his arms wildly round her waist and said: ' Mina! my love! my life! can it be? I, too, have had revelations to a similar effect from the unseen world. Oh, Mina! sweet, dear cousin! who can tell? The Ghost of the Blue Chamber maybe our guardian spirit. Let it be as he dictates — let me do all that mortal man can do to save and re store to you the child you love so well, and whose uncertain fate so distresses your heart; and then let me clain you as my own! my love! my bride! my wife! True. I am a poor, deformed, distorted wretch, but you have beauty of shape and face for both of us, Mina; and I was not born so, Mina. It was a cruel — but I will not touch on that. I have loved you, you alone, from my boyhood, Mina!' 'Nay,' said Mina. 'Ladybird was your first love, Gaepar. She knows how much you loved her, and so do I.' 'MIina, I never loved her, never had eyes or thoughts for any than you. In your bewildering presence, I pretended to admire Ladybird be cause I knew if I were seen to raise my eyes to you, Mina, your father's pride would take the alarm, and my own made me shrink from the possibility of being suspected of loving, not the white rose of Woodhurst, but the heiress of Woodlhurst; and, therefore, I dessembled, and I pretended to admire that fair, frivolous, and doll-like beauty, with her light heart, light eyes, and light ringlets; while my very soul was darkened by one image — thine, my pale Madonna, my dark-eyed, deep-hearted, high-souled Mina! But this secret I kept even from you, hidden idol of my heart, until one fatal day. You remember it. We were riding together, and your horse ran away with you, and you were thrown, and I feared much hurt, and in the agony of my terror I forgot my enforced reserve, and poured out all the impassioned misery of my heart into your cold and unwilling ear, cold and unwill ing then, for then your heart was another's. You told me so with tears of pity in those dark, haunt ing eyes; and you forbade me ever to resume a subject any allusion to which you deemed treason to him. I obeyed you, Mina; but, oh, the anguish, the despair, the jealousy, that were the undying worms in my heart' score! Still I obeyed you, and though the struggle all but cost me my life, I never spoke to you again of this my first, my last, my only love! But now! now, oh, Mina! now that Heaven seems to have taken pity on a love so great, so entire as mine — now that you are free — now that the fell serpent Death has en listed in his dark ranks him you loved so well — him to whom I owe this distorted, crippled form, and all that it has entailed on me hitherto, an unloved, joyless, sunless life—now, too, that the spirits of an unseen world seem to suggest, nay, to urge our union — now, oh, Mina! I kneel to you once more; and I implore you, at least, to let me try to win, if not such love as you inspire, at least such esteem, confidence, and affection as may justify you to yourself in accepting me as your hus band.' 