FETTEBOGRAPHIO VERSIFICATION. The given words were:—Wait, War, Warm, Was, Watch, Way, We, Well, Where, Which, Who, Will. The following are all that remain for publication:— The cove which the policeman cotch A walkin' out with we Wben him were on his momia' watch Were warm, in love with she: And her and him was—so him slid, When walkin' out with v:e, A v:aitin' to be married. For which, her long had tarried, ll'ho were in love with he. Barkey. Oh, where there's a will there's a way. So wait not. dear friend, for the tide, But watch for the break of the day. And then we will have a long ride. B. S. S. IJ'iiZ you go with me to the Torrens Lake? The day is fair and warm. Jl'e have a good boat and a nice plum cake ; Who has a good strong arm ? My watch now indicates the hour of ten : 'Tis time to start that way. Oh, v:ait for me," reclaimed our little Ben. " Where you are I will stay." B. S. S. 7f7io v:a 5 that military fop That v:ait-d at the garden gate last night for full an honr I I watched him, saw him make a stop, . Ihen caught the warrior on the hop, And with my cane his scarlet jacked vMrtaul with all my power. By jlcgo he will never come again to see my daughter, Who, by-the-bye, detests these horrid instruments of slaughter. Isdigs-axt Father. (Prude mother to fast daughter). Where have you been to all the day ? Who have you been with, too, just say ? We—that's your pa and me, you know— Wi'.l find the tracks yon choose to go. Was it the swell I saw last week 1(7(0 looked at me so sly and meek ? Wait at the corner like a post— Watch him I shall.and play the ghost. Well, you may try to flashlylive Warm in the game ; but you can't give Il'ay to the fashions, at what cost? War to the knife, or else be lost. Kabnac. We now invite for publication Fetterographic Verses containing one of the following words or one of its inflections in each line:—Wind, Wine, Wise, Wit, Witb, Woman, Wonder, Word, Work, Wreck, Write, Wrong. The falling of the leaves is an automatic an&DgeoiQ;£t| 