LAWYERS' CHARGES. TO THE HDITOB. Sir—A refreshing little Bill is now on the files of the British House of Commons. ~ It begins—"Whereas the class of persons known, as barristerB-at-law have for many years con tributed to the vast expense of litigation, and have oppressed the. suitor by demanding, for their services fees which they, consider fairly represent from their point of. view the value ®f their services which, no.one.is.compelled to. re tain, and which, they cannot be compelled to give; and whereas solicitors voluntarily-pay such fees, and also make gratuities to barris ters' clerks; and whereas it is deairab'a to protect tbu public, against euch prac tises and to. enable them through their solicitors to., retain, the services of bar risters for a less fee than, they will consent ,'to take." The Bill goes.on.to say that no'Q.O. shall ask or fake more than fifty guineas, and that no junior shall aBk or take more thsa twenty guineas, as a brief fee without liability to be disbarred. Any barrister accepting a greater fee than that markedon".brief in a cue lasting less than three weeks, shall be guilty cf a misdemeanor. The Bill ia^perhaps a little tco drastic, but its teripa are .worth noting as evi dencing tha.feelings of thfe public with regard to the extortionate charges, to which they are subjected. A milder form.of the Bill weald be acceptable to many here, and 1 trust some can didate will atomise some snah Bill. andkeenhis promise. -I azcu &c;». HUME'S GHOST. " TeaNightainja,Bar-room"wa»againsuc cessfully played at Garner's Theatre on Taesday night to a gcod house. Thapiece ran smoothly, and at its', conclusion the principal actors and actresses wero called before the curtain. The dram a.will be presented again this evening. We understand that Mr. James Allison has made arrangements with Signor De YiVo for a series of grand con6erta.commenoing;6a Easter Monday. The company comprises -the following renowned artistesMadame Gabriella Boema, the great dramatic prima donna; Signora Agnes Palma, the finest contralto in the oolonies; Signor Leandro Coy, the old favorite tenor; Sigpor Stefaai,the brilliant violinist; and Mons. Benno Shesick, pianist.. The Boema Concert Company are at present performing in Sydney, and are having a very successful season there,^ The annual meeting of the' South "Aus tralian Football Association was held on Tues day, April 5,at the Prince Alfred Hotel, for;the' purposes of discussing tberules and making hew or revising existing - regulations. Mr. T. A. Caterer ocoupied the chair. There was alarge attendance of ..delegates from the" different clubs. After a few remarks from the chairman, Mr. T. E. Smith proposed--" That the rules"! of the association be gone through by" acommitfcee appointed-by this meeting, and a solioitor ap pointed to the association." Mr. A. J. Diamond seconded the motion. Mr.'SinoIair moved as. an amendment—" That the roles be read seriatim, and stand subject to amendment." Mr. F. Dobbs seconded. Several v speakers addressed the meeting, and dfter some disbutsion the amend ment was carried by a small' majority. , Mr. Diamond then proposed—"That asuh-oommittee of one delegate from-eaoh club be appointed to draw up an amended code of rules for the.can sideration of a ipeoial "general meeting. Mr. J. E. Woods seconded. '■ The proposition was lost. .The revision of 'rules was next proceeded with, tand after a few alterations had been made, in some of them, their farther consideration Wat postponed uctilWpdpesdgj', April IS. 