OUR LONDON LETTER, y (FROM QUB OWN (JOr.UKSl'ONUENT), X^ondou, Kith December, 1S81. The terror lam exorcised iu the southern and western districts of Ireland by the land league is rauidly increasing, and the papers are tilled with accounts of attempts at assassination, Boy cotting, mutilation, and other pleasant pas times. Iu some districts notices are affixed in the churches threatening all tenants with death who pay rent, and iu others shopkeepers have been menaced with a similar fate if they dare to supply landlords with goods of any description. In fact the situation iu Ireland is far worse than it would be during a period of open civil war, because iu that case the terrorism would be confined to the area covered by the insurrec tionary force. It is obvious that until some measures are takeu to protect life and property iri Ireland, it is futile to consider any scheme of laud reform, however necessary it may be. To preserve law and order is the first duty of all Governments, and it is difiicult to comprehend \yhat ours is waiting for before setting aboiit such aft elementary task. The expectation may, perhaps, he that the agi tation created by the Land League will die out by itself if allowed to run its course. This ex pectation, however, is far from being realised, as Irish outrages are increasing, and the chiefs of the league are becoming more defu»ut and daring. No doubt Irish tenants have their grievances, aud the laud system is one which demands refoni>, «ut that is not the question which, our Government has to solve now. As a matter of sober fact that Government has ceased to exist throughout the greater part of Ireland, and its functions are exorcised by the new power called at present the Land League, but which may be known a few months hence as the Irish Republic, or Theocracy, acoordius< as Parnell or priests may ba uppermost. How completely our Governmeut has lost its hold of Ireland, und how completoly its place is taken by the new power is shown by the fact that, not withstanding Parnell's uame stauds conspicuous as the head aud front of the revolt against the British Government, Parnell himself is courted aud feted by many of the leading Irish gentry. One day we find him hunting with a -\\!,arcjuis, on another presic\i:>2 at a vast public meeting, apparently idolised by tenantfarmeja and courted by ths. landlord, class, \vlio uav.- look to him for ! that protection which Government would seem ; to be powerless to afford. At the rate thiugs are going it almost looks as though Ministers were allowing Ireland to slip from their grasp that they may have the pleasure of re-cc\nt(uering it. The approach of Chriutiaus is noticeable at every turn. Its fr.iuiliar forerunner, the Cattle Show, daas ac t, I am sorry to say, come up to : previous exhibitions. More money has been offered in prizes and various ather inducements 1 held out, but the result has uot answered the ? expectatiQna of the council. The falling off is most marked. It is hard times for the British farmer, and so the show would seem to be degc ] neratiug inta litt'.e more than a huge fair for ; the exhibition of machinery aud matters only indirectly connected with farming. The shop windows are of course fact beooming glorified visions, and houses s.v,oh as those of Gotto, Rimmel, Cremer, tnd other enterprising tradesmen, wha mike special features of Christ mas ivrtialea are already begiuuiujj to be tilled : with radiaut mobs of youngsters. The number will be greater in a few d:\ys when the holidays, I with thei; pleasures, amusemonta, aud enter tainments will be fairly ou. The Daily Neiot, i in a sensible article, poiuts out that pleasures aud amusements are two different things, whioh , is what the late Sir Cornwall Lewis meant to j: convey when he said that life would b.e tolerable but for its amusements, E^e ia usually mis quoted, aud made tp. sneer at the natural enjoyments ofluts.iu a way so sensible a man \v0ui4 never have thought of doing. A brisk i walk on a frosty day, a gallop after the hounds when the weather is soft and open, a ringing 1 Bight on the " steels" 011 a still afternoon, when the earth lies frozen quiet, some of the vari ous occupations of enjoyment which a friendly Christmas Wings, and! which no rational being ? cpuld think other than additional to the plea 1 snres of life. As good as any of these, too, is the I long afternoon oloae to a cozy fire iu which the ' oak sealog winks in peacock blue Games, while a clever book hoids the sonse enohanted. The : little friendly dinners which precede the regular seasons, Aud iu which from their very smallueas, there 13 room for selection of the Attest to meet each other, are entertainments, which Sir George Lewis would certainly not have ranked £>mongst the intolerable amuse ments of life, As tor the big parties, the Christmas trees, the games, the pantomimes, these have a public of their own, and surly in deed would be the old fogey who ootihl so far forget his owq young days aa to grumble at the ? amusements provided for the children of to-day. i Jn some cases, however, the amusements might j be modified with great advantage both to them- i selves and to the little people who aro to par take of them. Children's pirijies are, as a rule, too dressy, too, formal, aud too late. It has been the amusement of the eiders to make the children behave as much < as possible like "growu-up3," aud the result has II been in a great measure to spoil the childish I delight, and, natur:.ily, failure to make thom taste j the enioymeut of real men and woraeu. The ;. littla boy who turns up hia nose at Zodiiso or I Hartzar. Water ?,nd asks if the champagne is " brut-," has. cle?,rly fallen between the stools of. childish ai\d adult pleasures. The man whose uusated palate is to relish a "dry " wine in his maturity, should, iuhisyoung days, have thought ginger beer the divinest of drinks. It is bt,it a . cruel Uindneos thus to discount the joys of each : stage of life. In point of fact,thos£ who. do it do not consnlt the. tastes of- the children, but their own amusement. They think it ; " so quaint " and "-so pretty u to see a set of 1 children dressed out like men and women and . trying to behave np to the costume. The same little ones in holland frocks wildly conducting a blind man's buff, and finding the joys of healthy muscular exertions in shoots and frantic move ments, would not be nearly so. droll. They wo\ild be. happy, and they would be doin^ their ; minds aud bodies good, instead 0? cultivating every social folly. Christmas amusements, naturally suggest Christmas ghosts. Iam afraid, however, that bejief iu them has died out in most places. The Credulity of to-day shows itself ij a much lower form. There was something weird and grand in the ancestral ghost, occupying a room and some times a suite of rooms all to itself, and re senting intrusions upon its privacy. But what shall be saidof the ghosts of modern spiritualising That people believa that a spirit from Paradise or even from th,e antipodes should behave in the silly manner tb.e " spirits" iu, modern ftVituvs behave is enough to, make a man ashamed of his ' species. But where there are fools there knaves are sure to spring up. The other day we heard of a lady, the wife of a clergyman, fooling about ia Portsmouth on some errand which no one in Ills senses would have gone onj and now we rend ot a case at one of our London Police Courts, in which a Mrs. Fletcher, a medium, was char"ed with obtaining by fraud jewellery to the value ot several thousand pounds from a -Mrs Davies It was alleged that it was obtained by means of Airs. Hetchor proteudiug to have communica tions with the mother of the prosecutor, and that it was through the directions of the "spirit" that the jewellery was parted with. Tins medium is now awaiting trial in prison, which seems a very stupid thing for a medium to . _ The Temple Bar Memorial is not a very* sightly affair, but it is likely to be still less so if roughs chip off pieces from the bas-reliefs. A wanton destruction of public property seems to be one of the many bad features of the British blackguard. At the prosecution of one of theso worthies, uot long since, for wilfully and mali ciously damaging the said Memorial, it wis stated that no less than 1,000 heads of rails had beeu broken off on the Thames Embankment. Apropos of the Temple Bar Memorial, '* Truth " announced that it would give £2 2s. for a prizo inscription upon it. This is the contribution that goc tfie award : " Oi-struetive. vulgar, arrogant I stand A tavern and a bank on either hand; lo feasting and to wealth in CIohq relation it er-iblem of our Oitv Corporation." The oi.inke nuisance is occupying a large share of attention m Loudon just at present. Captain Douglas Galton, lecturing at the Aquarium, gave some useful hints as to how a Bre ought to bo made, condemning very much the recal «!ticks of coal we are so fond of. In fact, lie said, England is a century behiud some other countries m the fire-making line, and reforms are needed in the interest of the public health Uc. Clemens suggests anthracite coal, andsome uody else coke acted upon by gas jets. But there is always a great amount of talk before anything is done, It will, I expect, all end ia -smoke. From letters that have lately been published on the matter from Paris it would seem that togs are becomiug much more frequent there than formerly, and no wonder seeing that the annual consumption of coal i3 700,000 tons as against 150,000 ten years ago. My first acquain tance with Paris date* from '52, and then I verilv believe that standing on the Arc d© Tri omphe, I could almost have counted every pane or glass in Montniartro. More recent visits n-we Shown how rapidly the climate is bf-cmhz,, l.ko that of London Mind, I say becoming only, but in time I should not be surprised if there should cease to be any appreciable differ ence in this respect between the two cities. V ery few people burn wood in Paris now-that is comparatively few-owing to its extreme deaf ness, and when coal completely takes it place the gay oity will be as grimy as London. Ihe weather, just now, is anything but Christ mas like. It is mild and withal unhealthy ie if one.is to judge from the numerous deaths oc' curing on all sides. It is a question if tho very severe weather which was experienced this time last year would not be preferable from a uni tary point of view to the "stuffy," damp tem perature prevailing at present. Nothing sends the blood tingling through the veins more warmly than a brisk "constitutional" on a bright winter day, and the colder the air the more wholesome and invigorating the exercise is. Unfortunately tho principal sufferers in cold weather are the indigent of which all great cities have n large stock on hand. Aa these poor v retches therefore can hardly be expected to keep their animals spirits at a high piteh by ' means of pedestriauism, it is perhaps, on th£ whole matter for congratulation that the ther mometer is no lower. Among the deaths of the present week I no 'hat of the widow of Monsieur Thiers. She was buried yesterday at Pere la Chaise, and rrom all accounts the ceremony would seem to 18.V8 been very imposing. The private collec turn of paintings and bronzes, etc., of her late husband will, \ hear, be placed either in tho L myre or in the Hotel Cluny-uobad Daubaine tor these already rich repositories of art and vertu. hi the marriage list I notice the name of the Dean of Carlisle, Dr. Close. Having a lively re collection of him from boyhood, I at first imag ined I must have been mistaken and that son?o other Close was the happy man, but no; the a^e of S4 shut the door to all doubt. It was tho man and no other. Qf course, the age of the bride is not given, hut she is a widow. I always pity au old man getting married, and in the pre sent case cannot help thinking what the immor J.al bwl says about the patching up of an old ! body for heaven. . Of course, wo have had our olliery explo sion. The terrible railway collision " is still . in abeyance, ' as Mr. Sapsea would say, but it is overdue. On the evening of Thursday last lo quote one of the morning papers, "one hun dred men went down the shaft of the naval steam colliery near Penygraig, situated in a vale adjoining the ill- fated Uhonda Valley, to work the m^ht stiifi, and of that number only seven I ?UrV1VS- Vf re3t ar? a11 ki"ed-burnt and bi msetl and battered, in mauy cases beyond tho power of recognition, by the awful force of tho explosion wilich took place between the first t ami second hours M the next morning. So far ; , ? dread/ul catastrophe ia without any assi^n ahlo oauso. "Just so." One is almost sick°of : rcacurig about such horrors and then beiuc told j that no one is to blame, Madame de FriedUnd, ude Marie de Persi^ny daughter of tho famous minister, and grand (laughter oi the Princess de Moseova, has got into trouble, and all Paris is cackling over tlio j scandal. Her husband appears to have been fond of gambling. At any rate the personal | fortune of the two spouser had, somehow f "»ohed the vanishing point. The Duchess de ; tersigny. it 13 true, allowed them 25,000 francs j a year, but as she never paid it their position was not much improved by her law. In their straits Madame de Friedland appealed to the old Princess, who refused to give her money , hut gave her a bill for 30,000 francs. Six weeks ago t*\is bill, with coats and renewals and \rhafc 1 not amounted to a total of 192,000 francs Tl» : bill fell due and the Princess refused hersi«na r"rB'" ln, °f'ler t0 Bave ,lerself t>ie Baroness de i r riedland then forged her grandmother's signa ture. Ihe fraud was at once discovered, but ia order to hush tliu raatter up some leading Bona partists intervened, the ex-Empress was a p. pealct. to, but all in vain; and, sc", on Saturday I the Baroness and her husband were taken off to .Mazasl Among those behind the scenes it is no score', that the reason for pushing matters to ex tremities is that I'oeeasioit est Irop belle for atill further discrediting the ^onapartists. Ot courso people who commit forgery must be pre pared for the constquenses, but had the couple been good Republicans thtjve cau be little doubt that tho affair would have been hushed up After all, the training that many of these peoplo get is, morally, not a whit better than that given to what Mr. Bright calls the " resi quum. ^ lalking of training reminds one naturallv of public sehoois an<l the .' Tone," a part of which latter is mysteriously bound up in a certain sav age way of playing football. It is called " The Rugby Game," and includes, among other di versions, "hacking" each others' shins, and fastening in a mass lilyj bees 011 any one who 13 " winded," Au unfortunate young man was killed by this means at Southampton the other day; and the coroner's jury, being of the middle , Class, and not understanding the " Tom Brown " system of ethics suggests that "foot ball might be played with less dancer without lessening the pleasure of those who take part in it." The coroner, I am afraid, must be a down right demoorat, for he ssem3 to have said some thing about a " sort of horse play, fit only for oostermongers," while the mayor of Southamp ton has absolutely forbidden the "Rugby garao" to be played in any of the public grounds. Not being "Public School Men," I am afraid that coroner and mayor will both be looked upon with the innocent contempt that Mr. Weller, senr,, expressed for the coachman who was "only a Camberwell man," aud so didn't couut. It ia as much an article of faith With the average Englishman that our Public Schools are within an ace of perfection as it is, that we possess a monopoly of handsome men who stand six feet one or two in their stock 