STRAYLEAVES. BY 'JXHE GLEANER." "A noble soul expands above a little chaff." CojMI. OUR DEVIL was advised to join the Good Templar brotherhood the other day. He became very wrath, considering himself grossly insultedr 1 SERMONS are operating just now as effec tual soporifics. ßöinnolence, affected or otherwise, is the latest hobby of pur ton. WÈ%M a curlew the^rjîhèr db¿ but some body'else owns him now'. THe first eve" of his sojournwith us he went in for a good time. In the "silent midnight hour" be began to cbaunt a love ditty. His plaintive ululations,"which were'ás evanescent as a long beer before a toper, brought around curlews of every sise, age, and sex. They joined in the flin, which put our blood in a state of estuation, and it we hod only hit them wjttí ^{! bHfcks, <fcc>_thé denronstration wtmfd hàVè* T>een postponeu^until the mil lenium. ARCHIE FOWLER has taken by storm, and holds captive, the hearts of several of our circéan lassies. 'Tis'the'climacteric of Charley Strange. ARCHIE, Johnny Gough's tiger, is fre quently taken for a " squattah." JOHNNY HOLDEN now dons an Oxford hat. Much is the admiration thereof. THE cricketers of Parramatta were too much for " the Windsor team ion Saturday last. What with "hard luck" ind the absence of the best men, they didn't stand the ghost of a chance. THE Sackville and Enfield clubs met on Saturday. The Sackville team came off victorious. TUB Good Templars are in fever heat. They intend to -euerrate to the bowels of the earth, in order to ascertain the Where abouts of the person who " let the cat out of the hag." Of course, everybody knoW whó imqriiied tis of the 'lijóle fake--íb'ut Ijhfe majority are hurling indignities at the head of a young lady member of the lodge.; Why .is this thus Is this the boasted1 virility of the Templars ? ' Why shoifla'this1 young girl's assertions oe impugned. We can beor out her denial ; and though thu Gootï Templars are'à few we are some. It might be conducive to their Well-being if they let thc matter drop. ÖUR TUMMY liad a birthday the other da}'. The comps wish lie had one every day. ' ' FROM occurrences frequently brought to light, I opine that a policeman stationed at ?Riverstone wouldn't be nt all an unnecessary evil. PLENTY biz nt the Windsor Police Court on Tuesday. The Fancy lent a charm to the occasion. CANVASSING is still epidemic. When will the turmoil and strife have ended. Tit'K arorim around some of our by-ways and alleys is really exhilarating. It sur- j passes ottar of roses-that is, in producing nausea. Verily, we are a contented people. WK hud shipping in galore in port this week. Thc jolly tars made things lively. Many had to " peel off " and buoy their dippers o'er the shoals. But die dredge is j coming-so is-how; that'll do ! FKANK RÖSA bid £20,000 for Punch's Hotel, Sydney, the other day. tío he says. (jiiiEAT was the grief in the House of the liny Muleteer the other evening. The fleet footed mule was afflicted with au illness of an alarming character. The medical faculty was well represented, and a thousand and one remedies, from n barrel of yeast to a chaw of tobacco,' were prescribed to pull her through. Solicitous parties caused a per petual din around the locality. What thc disciples of /Esculopius could not do, nature j and a strong constitution accomplished. Lobster is once more to the fore. THE latest fashion out has been imported into Richmond from Brumagem. The style is for ladies to walk the fields of May bare legged, holding in each hand a pot of XXX. MILES'S BOY says he knows two cusses who lately made thc price ot a watch at a quadrille party. He doesn't state how, though. To BE seen alive in Richmond, a brown horse, warranted to carry two outside pas sengers" TUB Good Tipplers of Richmond have dropped on to a proselyte, in the shape of a vivacious lady, who was wont to get out side of " tangle," but who now chants in tho lodge-room, " Hos&tinah;, most High," and hawks around towihatters. ALIMENTARY patties lbad a good time this week. ' Tuesday willbe memorable tor its production of pancakes. ASH WEDNESDAY "brought to the post hordes of tub-thumpers. 