Original Correspondence. We do not hold oureelves respontille for the opinion/; expreaei by our corretpondenti.} TO THE ELECTORS OF DARLING DOWNS. Per Favour of Examiner and Timet. Gkntlemen,-Last week I had the honour to solicit your suffrages and when I published my address in last Saturday's Argut, I hadn't the remotest idea that any candidate oould possibly have got a-head of me as far as reck less promises went. I find, however, that I have made a most serious blunder, and I long now for tho shades of obscurity onoe again. There's no question about it I thought my address liberal, but when I read Mr. William Allan's address tny ideas underwent a com* plete change. Bnt I done my level best you must admit to catch stray votes, but like tho engineer of old I find myself "hoist with my own petard." Lot me see, I Weut for tho Killarncy Line right through to Brisbane, and he went for a lino from Greenmount to Leyburn and then bock to Oakey Creek. Now I maintain that if my idea was not al together as silly as his it was equally as Utopian and impracticable. He went for the Warwick Hospital and the Allora Post Office, and so did I, and if I forgot about the Water works, didn't t go in " lemons" on the Kanaka business and the "Trtms-Contmenfcal." So fur 1 consider we were neck and nock, but in my hurry to offer myself up on the altar of patriotism 1 forgot all about that blesBed iiofreshment Boom ; aud he's got me there. Bnt that's not olL The Asylum at Toowoomba has completely upset my chances and left me without a ghost of a show iu the coming contest, and what galls me most is (bat had T taken time to rollec11 could have held my own on that point at least, and my retirement from the struggle at tli is early stage is due alone to my own sense* leas, silly blundering. I linew we required an asylum in Toowoomba, but I didn't like to men* tion it. Crowd in, gentlemen, and get the asylum erected as soon as possible-you'll want it. llul still, I think that if Mr. Allan had commanded (.) the Government to put up a brunch asylum in Warwick it would suit our I " book" better. Yes, fellow-electors, get un asylum. I plead for the tradesman who has been robbed of the just reward of his pluck nnd enterprise by an administration who ure so thoroughly renal as to refuse justice to a con* Btitucncv * because, forfiooth, they elected a member who wus opposed to their nefarious dodges, but which tradesman now kisses the hand thnt held the rod, and goes in " bald* headed" for a man who will vote consistently with (ho oppressor. 1 plead for the farmer, who, after years of gnllant struggling to earn for himself tin honest independence, now votes in eoneert with the class that have driven him to the slonv ridges 1o eke out A subsistence, while that rlass have retained possession (by #hat means we'll not inquire) of the plains and water frontages; and 1 plead for the working man, who now throws up his hat in wild ecstocy, and bawls himself lioarso for the can didate who pits the Kanaka (not the Coolie) upuinet the enthusiastic supporter in the daily struggle for existence. Yes, wo require an asylum, and Mr. Allan will haveone ; so, under those circumstances, hadn't I better retire f 1 regret, however, taking such a step, but when another candidate goes BO far ahead in currying imbji'c favour, I don't see anything else for it. l)o you ? So when t he candidates are nomin* iilod to-morrow, " yours truly" will be won est. Sincerely thanking those who would have voted against me, CAPER FEY. Warwick, Nor. 21, 1881. 