GENERAL NEWS. We understand that the Commissioner of Public Works will be the Aoting-Chief Secta tary during the absence of the Hon. W. Morgan at the Intercolonial Conference to be held in Sydney. We are officially informed that Mr. G. A. Fesenmeyer (Assistant Auditor- General) has applied, for and received a year's leave of ab sence, to date from the first day of this year, and that at the end of his leave the office will be abolished. Dr. Curtis reported at the Port Police Station on Saturday morning that a child named Arthur -Lobb, aged two years, had been killed at Cheltenham that morning by a water tank falling on him. A man named Michael Molloy was ad" mitted to the Adelaide Hospital on Friday, January 7, in an insensible condition, suffering from sunstroke, and died shortly after admission without regaining consciousness. An inquest is being held. Professor Davidson was a passenger by the s.s. Otway, which left for Albany Ban Friday. The attendance at the Academy of Music on Friday evening was somewhat affected by the beat of the weather, but the entertain ment was hearty enjoyed by those present. A driver named George Rolley, employed by Messrs. Brown & Thompson, was observed to fall from his dray whilst proceeding along King William-street r on Friday evening, and when i picked up was found to be insensible. He was : at once conveyed to the hospital by the polios. The annual meetmg of the Municipal \ Corporations Association was held in the council i chamber on Friday afternoon. His Worship the • Mayor (Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.), president, oc | cupied the chair. After the year's report had i been placed on: the table and adopted, the i meeting elected a vice-president,. treasurer, two iauditors, and secretary for.the ensuing year, j After the business the chairman invited those | present to partake "of some refreshment in his private reom, I A meeting of the shareholders of the I AdelaideCrystal Ice- Company was held at the t office of the company,- Grecbattf -Chambers, on | Friday afternoon,-January 7,.for the purpose of (electing two directors, in the places of Messrs. Bawers and .Chambers, who retired' by rotation, and offered' themselves for re-election." '/There was a fair attendance,' representing' 4,590 shares: and Mr. T. Bamfieldoccupied the ehair. There being no other candidates for thepositions of directors,'Messrs. Sawers and Chambers were re-eleeted, And the meeting terminated. , At a recent quarterly meeting of the Pirie-street circuit the Kev. Thomas Lloyd, the superintendent minister, was requested to t;xe a few weeks' furlough,'and* a sum was voted to him to cover, the;expense-of a trip;to another colony. With the kindly wish that Mrs.Lloyd would accompany him and enjoy a visit to> the Victorian Exhibition, the ladies of the congre gation united their contributions, and sent Mrs. Lloyd a purse of thirty-live sovereigns on Fri day, with expressions of kindly interest and best wishes. Thanks are specially due to Mrs. |H. J. Hill, who took the duty of advising and '(collecting in the matter. j A deputation'from the Royal Agricul tural and Horticultural Society waited on the Chief Secretary on Friday, January 7, to ask that the question of pleuro-pneumonia might jbe brought before the conference in Sydney, with a view to united action being taken to eradicate the disease; and to urge the necessity, In connection with the arrangement for stamp ing out the.phylloxera, of [taking steps to pre vent the distribution .of the insects.;. The Chief. Secretary proinised to give/due. attention to.the requests of the deputation, and at his desire, Mr.. Coates will-forward him-a letter pointing out the various matters which it is desired should be considered. j ConBiderableimprovements are now being made in the premises used by the boarding Officers at the Semaphore. The bank of sand on which the buildings were erected -is being re moved. . and. .the buildings -themselves, whioh have done'duty as afficeiifor many years, are being taken down. The prater tower in a posi tion not far from the jetty ; is. rapidly becoming a conspiouous object. The masonry is com pleted to nearly eighty feet in height, and the immense iron tank which is to be fixed on the top is in course of construction, and will soon be completed. The outer aasing and roof will follow, and the finished tower will prove an ex cellent sea mark, as well as a handsome jorna meat to tbo Sonwphore, An inquest -was held on Friday, January 7,beforeMr.G. Warren, J P., ab the resideaoe of.Mr. Tattoo, near Gawler, to asoertaia the. cause of a fire whioh commenced oh his farm on December 28, and extended to the land of his . neighbor, Mr. Biggs. Eight witnesses were ex amined, none of whom could explain theArigin, of the fire. Two of them testified to hearing the report of agon on the morning of the day in question in the direotion where smoke was afterwards seen, and shortly before the fire was firstrobserred. The conclusion the fury drew was -thatthe fire was caused by s'ihoUlderihg wadding, but there .was no evidence to that effect. Only one person was seen with a gun and-he came . towards the conflagration after the fire, was observed and from an opposite .directionv ^The' ' v.erdiptwaeto.th'e. effect that ..there was- no evi dencd toiho'u^how the^re originated. •' . The board of management of the Ade laide Children's Hospital--met at' the hos pital ; on' Thursday, January 7f'fhe. pre sident,. . His: • Honor the Chief Justice, in the chair.- The hoh. treasurer re ported receipts from October 1 to date as fol lows:—Annual subscriptions, £10 2s.; general subscriptions, £523 14s. 8d.; total,_ £593 16s. 8d._ From the secretary's report it appeared that during the month of . December 156 cases had been treated at the outdoor dispensary in Ourrie-street. The Hon. Dr. Campbell called attention to the desirability of regular oraTin struction being imparted to the probationers at the hospital. The board approved of the sugges tion, and it wsb resolved that the matter be re ferred to the. medical staff to arraBge for_ the same being carried out. The finance .committee lubsequently met, when accounts amounting to £88 3s. 4d. were examined and passed for pay ment., At the police court on Friday afternoon^ Professor J. H. Pepper, the science leotorer, was charged with failing to fulfil a contract entered into with Charles Manfred Eose, to employ him for two months, at a salary of £3 10s. a week'. It appeared that, owing to a misunderstanding resulting on the opening of a letter written by .the..plaintiff to a Mr. Fyfe, and alleged mis conduct on the plaintiff's part, in trying to persuade other members of the troupe to join him and Fyfe in a "show" they were intending to organise, the professor summarily dismissed him, paying him hi? salary ujj to the dftto of dismissal. It was urged that injury had been done to plaintiff's prospects, as it was difficult for an actor or agent, who had been discharged before his time was np to find employment, ancf an order was made for the payment of £10, thq amount claimed. A little sparring went on during the cross-examination of the defendant; the professor being of the opinion that the counsel tor the plaintiff insulted him by soma of his remarks as to the conduct of the ghost scene, and other things conneoted with his en tertainment. An information had been laid; charging Mr. Pepper with oriminally opening the letter mentioned above. It seemed that the professor had opened the letter by mistake, and after reading the beginning of it had been im pelled by curiosity to go through it, as it in-' timately concerned himself. He had, imme-; diately afterwards, however, telegraphed to Mr. Fyfe, informing him of the matter, and Fyfe sent back answer that he might destroy it. Mr: Wadey, for the defence, submitted an objection to the information on technical grounds, and it! was dismissed. The following paragraph ia taken from! the Melbourne Argus of janiiary 5" Extraor dinary leniency was displayed by the magis-i trates in the City Police Court yesterday inj dealing with a young man who' was peeved to; have drawn a loaded revolver on an unfortunate: woman of ill-repute, aud who, when, in answer! to her cries, a constable came te the rescue,' threatened 'to do for him' if he interfered.: The facts of the case as disclosed in the evidence j ere these:—The prisoner, a young man named; Frederick B. Bullen, recently arrived from Southj Australia, met with tha. prosecutrix, a iwoman ' named Margaret Pierce, on the 26th of Decern-; her. He went with her to a house in! Iiittle Lonsdale-street, where a dispute; arose about money. Bullen drew a: leaded revolver, and threatened to shoot j the woman, who ran oat of the hoase j calling murder. Constable Britt, accompanied . by a young man named White, entered the • house, when Bdllen pointed the pistol at them, j < nd threatened to shoot them if they interfered j with him. The constable and White rushed \ Bullen, and in the scuffle that ensued Bullen j picked np the constable's staff, knocked White down, and then dealt the woman a violent blow ; on the head, inflicting a severe wound. Bul'en : then made off, but was captured and lodged in ; the lock-up. The pistol was found to be loaded and capped, ready .for use. The prosecutrix suffered so much that she was taken to the hospital, and she has not yet recovered from the effects of the injury. Mr. Call, who pre sided, made some;severe remarks on the conduct of the' prisoner, and fined him £2 with £3 costs, of which £2 was to go to the prosecutrix, and £1 to the witness White, who was complimented by the bench." . A man. named James Thompson, at one time a resident of Clare, bnt who has been fer a number of years in the_employ of Mr. Maslin, of Barunga Station, was found drowned in a well on Monday, January. 3. Deceased was a married man jhis wife resides at Luton, and the | children. are to. service.' It ,apptors, says the I jVbrtheni Argus', that the ! deceased- was at the i Loohiel public-house on Saturday evening, and | left at* 11 o'clock somewhat under the in fluence of drink. A mannarned Edward Moritz went part of the' way home with deceased, and passed the well in whioli he was afterwards, found. When Mr. Maslin learned on Sunday morning that Thompson I bad not returned.search was made, but no one I had seen or heard any tidings of him. Oa I Monday the well near, the pnblic-honBe was ! dragged, and the, body was found. An toques*' was held on Tuesday. Mr. H. D. Blakeney, J.P., acted as coroner, and MriW. B. Fowler t was foreman of the jury. Several persons . were examined. Alvena Opperman, barmaid ! of the Lochiel Hotel, deposed that the de cetsed was in company with others in ! the bar drinking, on Saturday evening i last, and that he left at 11 o'clock, i Mary McKinnon in her evidence said', the deceased lodged at her house, aud he had hinted on one or more occasions that ji he was tired of his life, and that some day 1 he would take a long sleep. Daniel Qoann and j Edward Moritz gave evidenoe as to their being ! ia the public-house with deceased on Saturday ' night, and that the latter saw him some distance i on his way home. Mr. Geo. Maslin coald only j give evidence as to the searoh that was made for | the deceased, and the finding of the body in a | well. The jury returned the following verdict |—" That the deceased, James Thompson, came' | to his death by accidentally falling down a well i at Lochiel, while under the influence of drink, ] and was drowned." The following rider was added:—"Thatthe Government wells are very j dangerous, and require immediate attention and 1 protection." 1 An inquest was held by the city coroner I at the Port Admiral Hotel, Port Adelaide, on ! Friday morning, January 7. on the: foody of i James Adamson Taylor: aged 47, draper, of the Port, who died suddenly on-the-previous day. iMr. G. Hills was foreman of the jury. . Charles, 1 Jamieson, nephew of deceased; said he went outj; jin a boat with him for a row on the river. On ' Igetting some distance above Jervois Bridge they •bad a bathe at the suggestion of witness! 'Deceased was a good swimmer and codld cross jthe river easily. After being in the water some 'time they had a friendly race to the boat/ and when within about twelve yards of it deceased; iin answer to witness,' said he was not tired. iWitness got into the' beat first; and when there saw deceased look very hard'at him. Im mediately palled the boat .towards hjm, and ijumped overboard. On, approaching deceased, who had his head partly under water/saw him turn right over. . Gaught him under the arms, iheld his head np, and took him to the , There were two men bathing not far. off, one of whom said, " There's a man drowning." - They did not come to his assistahce; though he thought they, would.: On-'drawtog .deceased out 'saw - froth coming ;out of hir month, and heard him gargling, : .though- he, never spoke. Took the boat on the beach opposite" the Club House Hotel, and some men came with brandy and.blankets. All efforts to restore, animation were/however, unsuccessful. The noseand month of deceased were under water' for about one or two minutes.' Thought deceased was subject to fits. He seemed in good health! when they started to go up the |riy_er, and ids! wife said she thought the pull would do him good. Dr. Toll said deceased was a patient of: his. and had been so for some time. He never had a fit to his knowledge, and wasgenerally in tolerably good health, though he suffered from a chronic stomach disorder. Deceased was brought to a cab to his surgery on the after noon of the previous day quite dead. Had examined the body, and fonnd a few abrasions on various parts, which might have been the result [of getting to or out ef the boat.- The head was bald, and showed more than nsnal congestion. From the evidence, and taking into consideration the heat of the previous day, he was of opinion that death was caused by sunstroke, _ accelerated by immersion to the water. William Taylor, of Kent Town, brother of deceased, said deceased had suffered from , asthma, and had had fits. About a week before, deceased had gone out on the river, and on Wjgvf houfitt ww.fouad tbftt^h? expoion had caused the skin to. peel Lorn his head. A verdict' in accordance with the medical- testimony was given; . V .' An inquest !]waa ;held on Friday after noon, January 7, at the . Hospital, by theoity coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.), on the body of . John James, who met .his death by an explosion of gunpowder on the NairneR&ilway;, on Decem ber 28 last. Mr. A. Lowrie was ohoseu foreman of the jury. James Thomas, navvy, working on the Nairne Railway, and living at the Fifteen mile Gamp, said he-was working for deceased on December 28. ^ He was a ganger on the works in .. the Fifteen-miles cutting. Deceased was jump ing a-holn out. The iiole was 4 feet 0 inohes deep. Something'went wrong, but witness did mot know what,' There was a charge of blasting powder in the'hole, and, when deceased was trying tq.get it out it exploded. Deceased and a.workman were thrown to the ground. . They were cut about, covered in. blood,, and struck blind.-by,.the explosion. Led them to the foot of the hill, and witness believed they were taken • to the Hospital. By a juror—It was usual to insert the fuse before tamping. Thomas Walker, contractor for the Nairne Railway, said deceased was one of his gangers, and a good man. He was in charge of No. 6 tunnel, and the outting in which the_ accident occurred. .Witness had been up the line, and on his return was told that an accident had happened to deceased and another man. Went and found them being put into a" oart to be taken to the Hospital, at which place they arrived within an hour and a half after the accident. On Decem ber 29 witness went to the spot where the accident happened. The nature of the material whioh' they had to blast was BandBtohe and quartz. It required blasting. A large shot had first been put in, but was after wards taken away. Deceased was taking out a corner in the bottom of the cutting, aud to affect that a drill of one-inch steel was used. Iuthis case they had only .to go four or five, feet deep, aud the hole having been drilled dynamite was put in. This was used for making a chamber to contain a greater quantity of powder. After this had been done the hole was charged with sufficient powder, by deceased, to displace the earth re quired. In this case sand had run in on the top of the powder, whioh prevented the fuse from reaching it. Deceased took a cleaner to olean oat the sand. Think it came in contact with a stone. He could got refflove the stone wifchthg cleaner, and took what is called a jumper. The jumper struck fire against a Hint and oaused the powder to ignite and explode. Had the fuse been in all the men on the catting would have been killed or injured. Deceased was a most experienced man in this particular work, aud had used tons of powder in witness' employ. Dr. Ward, senior house ourgeon at the Adelaide Hospital, said deceased was admitted on the evening ef December 28. He was sensible; Both his eyes were injured. There were lace rated wounds on eaoh arm. HiB face and arms! were covered with the marks ot the powder. Oai January 4 erysipelas set in. He got rapidly worse, and died on theGth inst. The cause of] death was erysipelas following the wounds onl -the arms, the result of the aocident. The jury] returned a verdict of " accidental death." i The captain of the steamer Ocean leaves Port Adelaide with no very pleasant remini-1 scencesof his stay in the colony. To add to] the annoyance which he felt at the enforced ; delay in discharging his cargo, he has been: fined £10 for a breach of tl e Customs regula- ] tion relating to the unloading of goods without' entries for them having been passed. It appearsi that the Ocean was reported -at. the. Custom-! House on Tuesday morning, January 4, and ths \ u»ual twenty-four -hours having expired the! captain received notice that he could land all! cargo that had been entered. He thereupon] commenced to unload the ship as soon as pos sible. Seme of the .cargo, which was nearly all• tea, was consigned to Messrs. D. & J. Fowler, ; and had been entered at the Customs; but the ] remainder for Messrs. Giles & Smith had uot 1 been, the consignees intending to clear it that i morning. Before the Custom-House opened,: however, a large quantity of the tea, including j about a thousand packages for Messrs. Giles i and Smith, was placed upon the wharf, the j stevedores not having sorted it, and the j captain apparently not knowing but that i it had all been entered. The landing-waiter on the wharf, who did not appear to notice the faot until the large quantity of tea mentioned | had been.landed, then informed the captain that he had broken the law, aud that it was iu his (the landing-waiter's) power to seize the goods landed and the ship as wall. The captain .with more haste than -prudence, perhaps, an swered, " You can seize me as well if you like." The lauding-waiter seizedthe thousand packages of tea, and removed them into boud, reporting the circumstances to the Collector. Some com munications afterwards took plaoe between the Customs officers and the master of the vessel, the latter complaining of the delay to which he had beeu subjected, aud representing that the illegal lauding of the goods was entirely unin tentional. Eventually the Custom-House officials intimated to him that he had clearly broken the law, but he could have the optiou of having the case tried on -its.merits before a magistrate, or of leaving it in the hands of the Colleotor to settle.. The captain, who conld brook no farther delay, wrote and decided on the latter course, {as the result of which he re ceived the following letter from the Deputy Collector of Customs" Sir—Referring to your letter, re dispute with a Customs-House officer, I have the. honor to inform you that the Col lector, after hearing the statements of the master of the Ocean and the'landing waiter of the ■ Custom-House, arrives at- the conclusion that the conduct of the former in landing tea on which no dnty had been paid ha9 rendered himself liable to heavy penalties, but as he states that he has been misled and asks to be leniently dealt with, the Collector has decided to let him off with a compensation fine of £10, The tea which has been illegally landed may be delivered on payment of all expenses incurred." Undoubtedly the Aot empowering these fines was meant for cases where fraudulent intent was manifested, and not1 for errors such as this. The fine not only reflects on the captain, but I imputes a desire to evade payment of duty on ■ the part of the consignees of the tea. I Ariel, the flying boy, will make his last I appearance at Wivell's Art Gallery to-day and i this evening. j The South Australian Rifle Club's range ] at Henley Beach is now open to members for ] practice. Riflemen, we understand, will find ■ everything to facilitate good shooting, the > targets and other accessories being on the latest ' principles, while the range is nicely situated. .The pantomime at the Theatre Hoyal j will to-day afford amusement to many who have but few.opportunities of enjoyment; as the in mates of the various charitable institutions have been invited by Mr. Allison to attend the matinee,-whioh will take place in the afternoon. Families aHd conn cry visitors trill do well to avail themselves of this chance of witnessing the Christmas pantomime, which is to be with drawn from the stage in the course of a few nights; and.this will be the only afternoon per formance. 'The excessive heat of Friday evening doubtless .kept many -away from Professor Pepper's. scientific entertainment "at Garner's Theatre. Notwithstanding'the poor attendance the professor went - through, hia advertised pro-' gramme without: curtailment.rand:thoroughly amused and instructed those present. The telephone and electricity, were the principal > features, and both were dealt with by the lecturer in an interesting: manner. Inconse quence of the heat of the .weather Professor (Pepper has decided to. postpone any farther ^entertainments till the end of April. j We have been shown two oil color paint ings now on1 exhibit ion,'and forsale at Mr. Williams's shop, next the Southern Gross Hotel, an.King WiUmm-street, the production of Mr. 0\. Strother. They : represent river scenes, the principal Jeatpre ijj them being the .Aftfcss! p&hner; in which the; artist has developed ihd different shades of green in the foliage on the : river's bucks, and the care evidently bestowed upon the small details in each picture. Both pre first- class productions, though on; a very small scale, and lead-as to expect a good work from this painter's brdsh in the fature. : On Friday evening, J anuary 7, the disfcri-r bution of prizeB in connection with the military picnic at Gawler on January 3, took place at the N.O. Officers' clubroom at the Sir John Barleyoom Hotel. There was a large attendance. Golonel Downes, who presided, complimented the non commissioned officers on the success of their venture, which he had considered was rather too pretentions. He was, however, glad to find that he was mistaken, and he hoped that similar un dertakings in the future would be equally for tunate. ' He trusted that the 'pionio would not detract from the success of themilitary sports to be held in August, but that the men would persevere and make a still better display. Mrs. Downes then distributed the prizes to the win ners of the- several events; the results of whioh have already been given in our columns. The usual votes of thanks followed. 