PREACHERS' CORNER. A POPULAR MINISTRY. A ministry that pleases everybody, especially in the Presbyterian Church, may well suspect itself. Look at the doctrines we preach—human depravity, our Lord's true Deity, the atonement on the cross, the personality and work of the Holy Ghost, the need by every man—the most amiable and cultivated—of being regenerated, the Bible the sole rule of faith, self-denial a part of true Christian living, retribution on the impenitent concurrent with natural immortality, the obligation of the Sabbath; and all this with a worship conspicuously plain and free from showy and meretricious decoration. Make all this palatable to "society," the " world," everybody ! No ; this whole message tramples on the pride of human intellect; it belittles the boasted culture of the time, and it is, if understood, in direct opposition to the " life " which we are being persuaded to import and servilely copy, from Paris. " Then what am I to do ?" one may say. Go on and preach these truths, only more clearly, firmly, and tenderly. " But what if the people leave me ?" Yes, some will leave you and go to churchcB they like better, assigning various reasons for the same. This is their matter. Yours is to preach for the saving of men, not for the keeping of them in the pews. " But cultivated and well-to-do people will quit the church." Let them. It is so much the worse for them. Remember Paul's words—"Not many wise, mighty, noble, are called." " But it is a pity they should not be saved." Certainly, but it is by the truth they are to be saved; and you are a teacher of the truth. " But I may set them against it." Yes, and if your spirit is bad you will be verily guilty in so doing. But if yours is the right spirit, then your ministry will be like Christ's, which irritated and drove off not a few, especially of the ritualists and intellectual kind. "For judgment I am come into the world, that they which see not might see, and that they which see might be made blind."— Dr. John Hall. 