ffOB^kBtJb^fta oF^HE^kareh ,AJi,Ti:.B^iYiE^*Eiira?jaiE.)::'::'i' ot *4H&seun; fcraifcbsstbe white shield xrtttoB WiicliBtinaii^graiicl1 old gottfdiian of tb€ lbWly VaUey of BertecKstesgaden !— attdall ^OTO^e^y ai-e ^Uttering in die hgh^ D^rn fin,the sfaTin^nooks a ;s^ergpeeh ^erajifce the ghost of _ a pallid: spring. butM&rtelhaB; not found.pne blue vipuet yet in the most sheltered crevjce,«nd 1 fhe \- *ig1i8^ith longing— waiting for the dawn of ^ariner4iayB.; ' '' ' ?' ?' ; ,,' ' Tortbe BiBason has been hard for tpem aiti'; the frost has crejt into their pr^at empty robins i ? the very hreath; of winter has blown out their meagre fires, and nipped their fingers and toe«. It has eVen planted a pale winter rose on the end of Martel's pretty little nose, as she diBcoyeri in the broken looting glass, in Wh^shehW ;Ut^; time tp lbok._ Never in all her Biperience I have so many inis fbrtuneB - come jail at once; the mother'* sickness, s ifchen Hans (the brother) the mainstay r of the house, wounded his hand so terribly that he has not carved anything for a month, and worse, perhaps j jMC^rters.betrothed has lost sAV his Bavings through a friend's treachery, and. \ the wedding must be postponed again-— the short dream = of bliss put aside, and life, with its hard prosaic drudgery, taken up . once more. : Uo wonder poor MarteMookB' out on the raw March day — with its boisterous winds; so cold in spite of the lunBhine-^with misty blue eyes and swell ing heart, What will become of them j all ? She studieB the matter over a good \ deal. She had a wise little brain under i those waves of blonde hair, and is ratter more imaginative than her companions.) She has always had a keener feeling for : the beautiful— a 'Vein of poesy in her | nature. The morning on the 'hill-tops, j with the brighttonches of the sun's light, the kindling roses of the dawn, the even-] ing glow steeping the snows in warmest s pink, the plumes of the pine, tbe diamond? glitter of the avalanche, the flush of the mountain. ^streams — all sent strange thrills; throngh her, and she rejoiced in it all: with a joy she could only tell to Herman, to whom she told everything. r ' 'Little Martel,' he said once, 'thou art a poet— one of the kind that never has a chance in this world. If you hadst been ; sbrn in the great city yonder, and sent .to ! the grand schools, thon wouldst have made songs and the world would have sung them.' ihf'jAnd now I only make noodle soup,'* laughed Martel, 'and I shall die with all: my songs unuttered, like the poor little! baby- oobin we found frozen the other d&j.;' '??'''- : '.?'.' :.? ?'' ?'-.-..*. ? ?'.'?? OJBut; now Martel, as she steps out on the ? little balcony, had no smile on her: lips, and no poetic fancies nestling in her heart.' Only she looked at the sky with longing, sand then down' on the white! fopuntain— path she saw some one coining. bti, she knew nun a great way off— her own pelpvea, with bis straight, pallant figure, in hunters gray and green, and hiB green V heaver . haty decorated .with tlie epieltiaiin's feather, and his true good eyes ^nd handsome brown hair. He looked up ai; her with a smile, and she ran down at once. ' How goes it thiB morning, liebchen?' be asked, holding her hands. ^'Achtoeh, the mother can just sit up, and Hans is swearing at his misfortunes — much better pray to the good flk»d, I tell him; but he growls, * It's all the same.' Oh, Herman, perhaps all this is' sent on us for his unbelief. He frightens me when he says there is no hell-— really ' no fire and brimstone, as the priests say. Pray where would the wicked go then ?'' ' Never mind, darling, thou hast no j part in it at any rate, and we have all j misery enough here jnst now.' '''Herman, I have thought of a plan. It's a wonderful bold thing, perhaps, thou | wilt say ; and the others would laugh. - 1 1 cannot bear people to laugh at me, remem ber, dear.' ?..?'-'?: i 'No, I will not laugh, never fear/' he J answered. ; 'Let us walk down a little, someone 1 might hear me, and this is ? a secret be tween us/' she said; and, wrapping a dullrblue woollen shawl over her head,; from which her face shone out fair and ; fresh as a wild rose, they stepped along the mountain path. Clamps of evergreens stood up still green and cheerful in the snow wastes; below in the valley faint blue smoke-wreaths curled up front the; pretty brown chalets, and the little xiver,= . free from ice, dashed and sparkled on its way, rejoicing at its freedom from winter's! chains. ...-.? ! 'Hour many weeks is it now till Easter?' asked Martel abruptly. : „ ; 'Only. two; this is the last day of March,' answered Herman, looking with some wonder into the blue forget-me-not eyes. ? ???..-? ? .-. ! ' And the day before Easter the 'King comes to his mother at the summer palace to take her back to Munich.11 ' So they eay,' answered Herman, rather indifferently. He was a republican in his ideas, and kinge were as other peo ple in his eyes. . ! 'Thou wilt be on hand for the coming of the King?' she asked. ?....'...'. 'I don't Know,' he answered. 'I've seen him plenty of times. He's handsome to be sure, but-— — **' 'It is this,' answered Martel. 'I shall write him a petition.' : .' Thou.' cried Herman. ' Yes, and I wjll kneel right in the road as he is! going by, and offer it;: Oh, I know the way. I .Ihtfve thought it all ovej? as this mis'Ty. has grown upon us. I hope we pay not starve before 'he comes.*' *°'J * Staifve! mein Hebcken. Don't saj that.' ';'.... . ??'??? r '?''-'?' ' Oh, thou knowest thou cans't no support us all, for thou hast lost everyf thing, tut I am sure thou hast the will, dearest. Well, I will put it all on paper, , how the mother is eick and the brothe 1«4 JW»WMl tl»t ftfflftob hAth«hent«d hee^out of all^andjhou wut see, Her man, thou wilt*see.~: linow King Lud Wig, has aikindiiearfc T'-BffflrfU jiot$ mind I *£&& *rie a«OOd handfulrpf ^old pieces i ^etJugh, perhaps, tb mai&'fcp for every thing, Herman. . I «an scarcely wait for the time, I am so Tsiwe. that every thing * will come right to us. .Oh, how I lon|5 , iofthe^uming of the-JKang?' vii' v who common such petitions were, and that it was mofe than likely, the i kin^ would pass -Jn, regarding h# asj he^wbuld a, wayside beggar.: ,Xet,:;^B he looked into MarteTs pure fecei^weet ;as ^an Alpen rose-— the -eyes cloudleBB and blue as ?.?a? t^t of SunMner; sky,R and no^like that 3Bky\ yrijfii, ^fche isunfiliine ;-,. in ;itf-he thought perhaps the king might pause to inquire ^ into- the matterj -and ' then .he knew all w6inld unite ^ ; *ell ; him Jiow «-ood and frugal anji deBewing the afluct ed family were, and what?a patient little ministering angel the sweet girl had been to them all. , - . 1'''i ? .-'_.,;, '.;'?. ' ' ,.' ;'' ' .'; ' It is not such a very wild idea, is it f? asked Martel, looking up^hyly at him. r'No,i^6c*wt,onlj; do 'not hope too much. Kings are oddish; ^this; '^ par ticularly. They Jsay he'lX apend, thousr ands on that' queer music fellow. -wh© jftaysMfar I3ie future j but 'whether he cares to, make his subjepfe happy, is another things But he's a good fellow in his wayy and I shall not be afraid to let him see thy pretty faciEf. He's another aprt.froni ^ his father.' ; ..':'!.;,; '.^f';'' /'?'!' 'I must run home now. I only wanted to tell thee,' said Martel. *' I could not t^f sure abotitit till thbn had«st heard it^ and I am so glad thou; dost not sheer jot laugh. i3arling, I can wait ipw.' There was no one to »ee them; they ?^erb- face to face with the everlasting -bills. . So Herman vheld her j one moment against his heart, and thought there h^d never been a truer, sweeter little ^rirl in thef world. The next moment Martel was speedihg^alon^ the path;back to her home. : :: ^ -V ?-...-; ??:v.; ? : ?'*?/- \- It was a .quaint room. ;in,jwhich .flbe entered, 'more picturesque in: its furnish ings tnan COuliprtapje. xuertJ were; snow-white cortains at the ''winSdws1^ even the poorest have those in Germany— ; and )ojet 1*ese fa green *iy^: was trained It 4iad Q»een - growing JFor fire yean, framing each -window with beautiful] green !leaves-r-a cheery bit of nature,! giving the room a festive holiday look j all the'year round.% Then *here was «; stand, with scarlet geranium in bloom, and some masses of isv hitte flowers^ pure as a snowdrift. . ^The wMls,.iy,ere,;stenciled in a pretty pattern of a running1 pale- i green Tine, with i&nj; crimson - trumpet ; flowers, and idl over were bits of carving, the boyish work pf Hans— Hs first efforts, Which were not good enough to sell, but quite .effective in the way of decoration. Then there was the mother's net of gayly; painted drawers that she had /brought ihere full of fine linen on her bridal day,; jftnd-ik© pretty- wUte porcelain- jafcove.. With, alas! yery tittle fire in it. The floor was bare, but scrubbed as white as churds by Marteis deft little hands. Throuph an open door one conld see a liny kitchen, with burnished copper vessels hanging up. .They 'had not been used very often of late, biit Muriel kept ? hem as bright as gold, r Hans, tbe brother, a, very fine-looking young fellow of about twenty, was pacing backwards and forwards fike a caged lion. He did not take his affliction patiently, and; no. wonder, when he saw. want creepinginlslowly and surely upon them ; and the doctor had said his hand would be of no use for a month to come. A whole month—-an*'e]fernity!' How could he bear it ? And .be! had an order from a church in a neighbouring cityyand now he must lose it, for they ^ould not wait for him. . :: The mother, a querulous oM body, full of aches and pains, was not cheering company, and when Martel, the sunshine of the house, was gone, things looked indeed dark. 'Achwehl' she had just said. 'It is a cross. One might as well he dead. There is no rheumatism in the graves, damp as they look. The gooa cure may preach patience. Bah! he would not be so -patient if he only had a quart of onions in the house and a little black bread. An angel in heaven could not be anod.naiured with such a dinner.' 'But thou wilt »ee.! ; I, wUl make something good, superb, ont of it,' cried Martel'* cheery voice. 'I have a receipt from Iratf BenseL One takes the onions and cuts them up in slices, and dips them in flour and -fries them in « little fat1; *hen one makes soup out of them. You don't know j what a meaty flavor they have ; *nA with bite of toasted bread in it, Thou wilt see.' ' Aeh\ thou canst make soup ont of paving-stone, I think,'- aighed the mother; 'and that's what we're coming to. Jjoh Jetul if my blessed man saw us now! In his day we had our joint of meat every Sunday.' o ««Aid will have it again,'' l&ughed; Mattel. 'Wait, only wait till next month, Easter. A little bird has told me?'.--; ' . : ? ? . :. . .?' .. ; 'M wish I had that little bird broiled for my dinner,' cried Hans with an irri tated laugh. : ; ?hi But Martel knew they were both hungry, and how hard it is for hungry people to be cheerful ; so she hurried out into the tiny kitelien, and soon there was; a hisBing and a lively sputtering that; made music in; ;iheiri ears, and then a fragrance, scarcely like the breath of Araby the blest but much better for hurigry people/ and in time all confessed that there might be some things worse than onion soup. - : Hans composed himself to a good smoke, and planning future work. The mother dozed orer her knitting, and little MArteV having sutde -things tidy, looked ihroudi the ivy vines and dreamed abpuf the coming of the iving It would ,be at jfche Easter time, too — the I^me' when 'the' Munich churches wbuidlbe full 7of flowere— filies fldshite in their robes pure as the hosts of the shininfctonesjdeep blue heliotrope with a its breath going up like incense^ and those i deep-red velvet roses and pale, salmon^ tinted fragrant buds: Once, When Martel was a little things she had been ija the city at Easter time, and gone; with her mother to the church ? and heard the music throbbing up +p the roof- and then melting away, and she thought it must \ be like the angel's song.; and ;she had seen the priests in their beautiful robeB, and the lighted candles, and the clouds of incense, and the people kneeling. Ah, she could never forget -it, for it seemed as if it, must be something like heaven. And one -end of the church was a mass of bloom, jgreat tropical plants with broad velvet leaves^ or fan-shaped and veined with - red or spotted with drops like blopd, or purple-hued with bands of brown and silver. Others with plume- like leaves, or long narrow spears or tassels of vivid green; And amona all this strange, fantastic greenery, rar. plants bloomed, blossoms with hearts of fire, or tiny blue airy bells that seemed to ring ont^unheard :music, and clusters of rose-puik blossoms in 'affluent masses/ or pale-purple j passion flowers, or the deeper wine-dark velvet of pansies, and a 'strange plant that held up clutters of goiden-stors-andi seemed to light the entrance of a cave. Por there was a cave there, and one could see amid the trailing ^vines-r*h, wonder! oh, mastery 1 \--the dead ^ JChrist ! 9he had wept and clung to W mother, bu'V the niother had told her, 'The -Lord will rise again. To-morrow1 will be Easter, and He will rise. iThou shalt see it, little one.'' And how glorious that Easter -morn had bean, 'and what a .glad burst of music had surged up through the aisle and dome; and the splendor of the new Jjiisdeiii {tii^d %ome down, it seemed, ?ii the euiiwnine that melted through the gold and' purple andr crimson' of the stained ^windows ;~ahd the dead Christ was there, no more in the dreary t»ve, and there iWas rib i shadow of death in the place! «nly flowers and light and jubil -*&}? muHic, and a burst of song th»ti seemed to pierce the sky. ' The Lord Is #iseh. 'He1 iis ^sen, indeed. Ah, it ' will he a . ffbod time for me to offer our King the petition,' thought Marcel; 'all' the world should be happy ou Easter day.'' And then the young girl began to think out the manner of her petition. Herman should see it,, and tell her if it were all right andi simple and direct, such as would go strai^^t to tie heart o faTkinjr for this King had a heart, of that she was sure. And Bhe would have a lily — a shining Easter \ lily— to ^ lay on the paper when she offered it, and the flower votald whisper of the time and make him inclined to be gracious. Oh, what joy. if L^ listened and helped: her! - Fifst ?she^ must ony the mother some new clothes and Hans a beaver hat, and Ler self-^ah— a long-, long silver chain -to wrap about her white throat. She1- had eoldiiers, or there would not have been onions and black bread to- day, she felt so lost without it. Not a girl in the valley bat what has one, and she was not altogether without vanity, this little peasant maiden. And, ochl if there could but-be*a w:edding when Hans was well, and she cow Id live with her beloved for ever and aye, what a blissful time that, would be! So the girl went on with her dreams, making a sunshine in the very shady: place into which her^fe— path had led her. And all through :the dark days that followed thiB hope shone like a rainbow ov the cloud ^whiltf^she waited for the coming of the King. --: Little streams, silver threads,' are trickling down the mountain sides _ to make bright paths among the greening mosses: broader streams wind here and there like silver ribbons, and ferns are peeping up among the brown pine needles. Thetownisgay with wreaths and arches. There are no flowers yet, but all is green and cheery in the path way for the coming of the King. From the dim old gray stone arches letters of welcome flash out, and a triumphal arch spans the road by which he must come. Early in the day the way is full of oeasant lads and lasses, welcoming the day with the glad jollity with which they welcome every holiday in that country The King was not so much to them 'as the feet that for twenty^four hours there was no work. ; Martel had not slept— ^there was a j feverish impatience that kept all her a pulses . throbbing; /Perhaps the fact that j ?he had eaten little for days made her! limbs tremble and her heart beat so:j tumultapusly. At the hist meal there had been so little that she had been forced to pretend that sae had eaten before she brought it in, and the mother had scolded her well for her greediness. Poor Martel? she was living on the strong new wine of hope; but she felt as if it had somehow got into her brain and was stealing away her calm good sense. ! How sne gloated over the sunshine that danced among the ivy leaves at the window. -? Such a; day, mutterchen.' she cried — 'the sunshine is dancing and I could dance myself.' ? - .** Thou art quite light-headed enough for anything,' grumbled the old woman ; ??but what thou se^st to make theehappv^ to-day is more than I can understand— not a bite or a sup in the house.' ;: ? Hans ground his teeth- and smothered an oath between them. ff'^ 'jjeh, that is my secret,' she cried, with a laugh. ' You will both see what a dinner we will have. I may order it rom Der Wachtsman, only I think th e other hotels are cheaper.' . (To 6» concluded in wrtwrt.) 