Dean »Stanley at Westminister. THE following sketch of ti celebrated l.rpad. Churchman (taken from thc S. M Herald) "limy not bo uninteresting co many of our rondel* ut this juncture, If excuse or apology to tho readers of the ' Sydney Morning Herald1 were nocossnry for selecting tho Dean of Westminister as tho first subject of these sketches, it might easily bo advanced, nud multiplied. For example, it might be urged that a moro noble chureh than Westminister Abbey docs not exist ; that the Douii's own diameter, personal, ecclesiastiul, und literary, is full justification ; nay, oven thnt thu mun who has twice refused n bishopric is, by thut token nlono, worthy of some admiration. T nuiko my way to Westminister Abbey on this sunshiny Mjiy Sunday because, in the long list of " pretiçhers for to-morrow," which the Satur day evening papers now-a-days regularly publish for tho guidance of tho cliurch-goiug public,,I lind no othername moro attractive. Hud tho eminent Wesleyan pulpit, or jiorhaps I should say platform, orator, W. Morley Pitiishou, bean in the catalogue, to hts chapel I should hnvo gone. But his days of preaching and lecturng ure over, for, during tho week, his somewhat unexpected (loath bas lilied Iiis many admirers with sorrow, in chat a bright light which they wore wont to contémplate hus gout! out. Tho pulpit orator of tho age pur excellence, C. H. Spurgeon, tho Baptist pastor of tho mammoth taber nacle over tho water, is somewhere in South titi ropo, out of the way of the cruel cast wind which, week after wonk, has boon punishing Englishmen, else 1 should have gone to Newington Butts. So, walking through Seven Dials, where tho dirty habitants of tho Surround i ng courts and alleys have swarmed ont to bask a little at the street corners, or crowd round tho shops of the dog functors anil bini sutlers, who still possess tho .?..dingy, thurottgfaro from tho parish church upwards,' I cross Trafalgar- square, and muse as t pro cm .> I tl.»wu Parliament-street upon- tho contrast between the squalor and vice bf tho unsavoury quarters 1 have just left and tlii' cnigiygnti-.m of well-dressed persons thronging to the great cathedral of- which' D'K'll .Stanley i', to all intents and purposes, absoluto ruler. Norean I help nguiu recall ing, us u point' tn his favour, that . the pi'.'Helier of to-day has ilelihernlely preferred tho deanery of such nu edifice (with which no bishop can interfere) and its two thousand a year, ti>.,tho higher rank and higher pay of un English prelacy. Tho nniioticemoiit of tho Donn ns "preacher is always uullicieiit to "lill thu Abbey"-a common expression, to signify a largo con gregation, but which must actually ho taken to apply only to that small portion of tho building buvotod to tho public worship. At this time of the year, when tho May meetings aro in'full force, the congregation of Loudon aro largely composed ot' people from tho country ; others como to London for the bont-raco, others for tho Derby week, making it the one holiday of tho your j but these, clergyman of ul! denominations, with their wives and families, visit the metropolis and enjoy a well earned change during tho May meetings. This is why to-dny there is ti group around tho narrow und shabby north entrance to tho Abby. Wo wait our turu to shtllllo with tho rest into tho sombre transept, and lind that tho congregation have just risen to honour tho opening sentence, tho echo of which in voico made thin and small by dis tance, sounds moro like a solemn, wail than it manly assurance that if tho wicked mun turns from his wickedness he shall save his soul nlivo. Tho rustle of the crowd in the trattsopt distracts attention, ovon if we were near enough to hear the .word* of tho ollioiiitiug clergyman. To lind'your wayward thoughts wiitgi.i>g...;hitlior and thither, during the performance of sucli'iv ?sorvi'co'j.iisi 'tliis ovcr nhe'lms'yoti for a timo with 'iu sense of guilt,'; but it'is, I hopo,. a pardonable ofteh.ee., Besides,'cloak it as 'wo iiiayy,.,.wo do'not attend grand cathedral services for the solo purpose of worship. The music, tho architec tural surroundings, tho omincnt men who fill tho pulpits-these tintt'i' iiito tho attrac tions which draw us thither. What ban ono dol .The Heats have boen filled long before the hour at which the service commences ; and, whilo tba general confession is being intotiod, those of us who : have not provided against a " rush " ure wedged together in tho transept, to drift slowly ulong, while the BorviooB aro heard, fuiiitly proceeding afar. At ovory half-dozen steps the crowd pauses, while a few persons who aro present at tho head of tho oloso column nenr tho pulpit are being drafted ott' by the vecgors to occupy tho seats, which ure not ut liberty until then. Rising'and falling, you can hear the roll of tho organ, und tho chanting of the boys and men, or, perchance, tho phantom of tho voice of the clergyman. What, tindnr .ftheso circumstances, so natural us to glauco nt tho time-tinted statuary, opposite which thc frequent lutltx are tiiiulu. From the northern .door to the south end of thu transept is a distance of MS feet, mid in accomplishing such portions nf that journey 'W in iv irlui iici-, the o!ij:;i:tH of intto-n-it con fronting you ure III »ny. 'Flu? wiry shadows thnt tftrk it-, nundi-.:.] .feet overiVp I und.M the delicately groiiieJ roof simd yin hick int« .-intiiinily-to thu time when the wil.l ox ninl rmi doer hirl in- the Isle of Th.u-us. D.tan .Stanley discredits the tradition which plants M Temple of Apollo on the cathedral site, but wo may begin with certainty with th» Con fessor King and the fun miation of thc Abby anno'Domini 1050. Swift before the 03-0 of fancy flit tile coronations of kings,. from Norman William to Hanoverian- Victoria ; come tlic consecrations of bishops and reigns of abbotts ; como trials, excommunications, To Deums marriages.jbunals,-all hslongiug to history and to the romance nf it. Not for long-can we thus ponder, for in our slow 'march along the transept wi have passed near tho marble monument of Lord Mans .field, and memory flies to other timings. This is tho last home of statesmen mostly - Pitt, Castlereagh, Fox. Grattan, the two Cannings, and Palmerston,tho laststiitemnn who received a public funeral in the Abbey. But the monuments nf Mauslield anil Sir W. Follet, behind, perpetuate the achievement of legal greatness, and they are tho sole representa tives in the whole Abbey of the profession of tho law, And after all, it is my lot to stand for tho remainder of the service; 'in company of perhaps of 200 companions in . tho transept. By this time I am, however, nearly at the head of the column, under the- pulpit, and commanding a view of the :.choir; of thc dignitaries in their stalls, and tho fine con gregation upon whom the afternoon shadows, prematurely gathering in the gloomy recesses, fall in dim fitfulness. . Through tho great painted south window gleam rainbow hues finely tempered, aud with timm tho organ music softly harmonises. Let mc confess th.it I never c»n bring myself to cure for what ate known ¡is choral services especially of the modorn class. The liaste with which tho choristers rattle through canticio, psalm, gloria, anthem, anil hymn suggests an air and spirit of sharp business. Sooner or later, I am afraid some of your 'renders will deplore a good deal of heathenism in the writor oí these sketches, and my horror and hatred of this slap-bang rendering of prayor and praise may be taken ns a sample. But that it . is rather performance than worship let the demeanour of the congregation attest. Nor ti score of pursons of them nil attempt'to take pu rt in the servico ; if they did they would be stared at, and certaiuly coine in a.loug way behind the professional steeplechasers who run so merry a choral nice in their white surplices yonder. I know tho music is technically good, the composers are famous, und some of the eminent singet H of the country are mout hers of the choir. But to ino, in my particular position to-day, even as musical display, it is not satisfactory. It does not lill the place. It is, in a word, the ghost of congregational singing flitting ulong aisles, monk's walks, and lniiny- iirchcd. roof, tobe lost amongst the tombs. ? At last the liniil burst of the anthem rises, and the Dean, escorted by his verger, pitases from his stall up aisle and mounts to the pulpit-not tho venortiblu structure from which Cranmer preached, nor the heavier carved adair of black oak from whieh Baxter, Owen, Williams, South, and Burrow . thundered- but tho elegant marble pulpit given in 1849 to'comtiiistnoratu the'beginning of the long suritts of special services curried on with thc 80 much success by our preacher of tivilay. Denn Stanley looks very old. It is live y (Mi's and moro since I saw him, and in the interval he hus aged with morn than ordinary rapidity. Mois but. GO years of age, yet is moro wintry in .appearance than many it niau ten years in advance of him on thu great journey. Alway» in stature und frame iiluoii tinder average measurement, ho now, groy, withered, und stooping, seems ijuite frail, ¡13 if a pull oe wind would waft him away. Tho voice, too, has lost iu fibre. Though never strong or resonant, it used to bs linn and melodious ; it is now mude husky by increasing infirmities. A great hush conies over the congregation ns ho gives out the text. There is .something in tho Minali figure, crowned with the black skull cap, ¡iud tho classic fonturo-t, ashy, yot placid with tho content of it well-spent life, that I fancy uwes his hearers, and adds solemnity to the oponing , woutis. Bunding ovor thc cushion and smoothing ont his rumpled M.S., fio, as if casualty, remarks that ho preached the . same sermon from the same pulpit, tau years ago, and would like to preach it once more. I believe the thought crosses the minds of any who uro thinking about tho mutter at nil, not excluding the venerablo Dean himself, that " once moro " might probably be prophetic. Tho sermon is not brilliant, in the general acceptation of the term ; it is not adorned with ilowors of rhetoric, or illumined by glows of oratory ; but it is, iu its simple goodness and fatherly persuasiveness, butter than rhetoric ami moro effective than oratory. It is a sermon that might, doctrinally, have been preached to any denomination. Yut it is iu it way dis tinctive ; such a sermon as you might reasonably expect from thu man who wrote tho .' Lifo of Arnold of Rugby," aud who in vited Colenso, at a time -wlton Colenso offended the nostrils of all orthodox. Church men, to preach in Westminster'-Abbey.1' Stanley's broad- Christianity'1 was -'j always' 'higher than Iiis cliurchiiiaiislnp.'.'^ For this ho is reviled and hated by advanced Anglicans. But tho characteristics revealed livc-and thirty years ago iu his " Surinons and Essays on tho Apostolic Ages," have boon nd bored to throughout, and in a brief address like that of to-day they are still reflected-generous breadth of view, ingenious application of things*new and old, and a. wann human sym pathy with all sorts and conditions of mun. Pre-eminently the Dean loves to bo all things to all men, as every teacher of his class should be. I hit ve heard him on Innocents' Day preach to a special congregation of children, and right well am I convinced that tho littlo'oncs hoard him glally, and remem bered what he said. I hove heard him before au lissom binge of scientific men, of j literary men, of artists, ndnptiug his dis course to thom with marvellous effect. Can any of us, for instance, who listened to' those memorable funeral sermons npuu Kingsley, Dickons', and 'Livingstone forgot how natural was the key-note struck, und how sustained the harmony that followed i tl lu the Kingsley sermon' 1'woll veineuibm- how ho argued that his lucently buried friend was what ho was, not hy virtue of his otfi?c, bu t by virtue of what God hud made him in him self-tîiHt he, parson to tho backbone as he «rm, fished with the fisherman, hunted with the linesman, held his nra iii tent mid cunp with courtier and with sil.Iier, setting forth the example that a genial companion illicit be not only a Ohristiau gentlein-iii, but a Christian clergyman, Oo.iit Suuiloy does not fish, nor hunt, nor smoke abundant pipes, us did tho author of " Westward JI but iii his o.vu ? quiet studious sphere, he justas strongly believes in putting tho nun above the office. The text to-day is tho historical last words of tho founder of Christianity,-" Int ) thy hands I command my Spirit." Tua sirmin does not breathe a breath of doctrine, but we have interspersed with New Testament warp and weft, r<;f.:re:io.n to Polycarp, Augustine,' Bernard, Cilii.nSits (who ia hrs dying mo ments repeated the same words),* ¡Jíavieiy Melanctho.i, Lothar, B mssofc, and glimpses of that modern pi-ogress and method "'which illustrate the.onw.irditramp of science -r We' have in a brief sermon of not ? moro . th.tit twenty niinutes the glories of the world of to-day brought by graphic touches before us,' and are sent away with tho lesson that if 'iii. the triumph of intellect and tho Hash of pros perity wo eui simply finish our ourse: with the humille petition used iii; His extremity by a Grouter than we, we shall have lived, and laboured, and learned not in vat p. Por aman who bas written- otu! published so much, who is :i scholar, amongst suhohtrs, it is in truth a very simple discourse, 'brit1 sitig'u-! larly impressive. Tho congregation is.mostly' composed of strangers. Doubtlcss'ít includes believers and unbelievers of evory grade, .but so long us tho preacher preaches, not'a sound but his voice is heard. Tho Dean wears tho scarlet collar mid.gold pendant of tho on lot- given him by thu Queen. It re ninds nie of the churgo often .brought: against him that he is a courtier.-of -'that" other charge, that ho is a popularity hunter. I know not, nor caro, how far these charges aro founded on fact. It is well known that the Qnoeii ever admired tho mau, and that Lady Augusta Stanley, tho wife' whoso loss bas HO rapidly brought tho signs of agu ti|>on him-was one of tho favourite ladies of ; tho' ' royal household. It unty bo that her Majesty " has sought tho Dean, and not the Dean'her'.' Majesty, lu which case tho charge docs hot' stand. It must be remembered, i.t'oroiive'r; that tho charges aro brought by tuen win» pretend to see itt thc Dean's latitudinaliauism tho pluguo spots' of what tfïey call htiriisy'.' In their minds tho Church dignitary wini' attends Non-eonformists' college ' festivals,' who allows Max Mid lor to lecture in tho Abbey, who goos clown to Bedford »nd delivers a speech at tho unveiling of John Bunyan's statue, is a dangerous traitor to their institution. Hence, while Arthur Penhryn Stanley is it hero to Low Church and Broad, and to those vast denomina tions that manage to get. saved outside the pale of au Established Church, hu is a rock of offence to ultra-Churchmen. And Ito is dauntless amidst till, tu convocation ho sets poor old Archdeacon Dennison's hair on end, and is sometimes to the traditions .lie'in herited from his father, and"'tho Arnold school, standing alone faithful amongst thu faithless. And he has boen consistent in his offerts to popularise the services of tho Abbey. ...Out of this comos that second accusation bf [ibpir lariby hunting. His book on .Westminster Abbey (like tho kindred work on Canter bury) shows what love un'tl 'venei-iitioii ho. nourishes for the ancient edifice, whose every, steno he has studiod ; und it is evidently this feeling which prompts, him to lill it with ' memorials of the illustrious dead. , At ¿ho conclusion of to-day's .virvice, thc 'greater, part of the congregation distribute about the Abboy to read the inscriptions tcllitig.of :tl'tn. resting-place of famous mon who have passed" away within our own remembrance;":""Iii."tho1 case of tho Prince Imperial, it is not to bo denied that the Dean made the iiiistako of running conn tor to tho geueial wishes ot the public ; but it is scarcely u secret that, in that business, Uottrt pressure of u heavy character was brought to boar upon' hiiri. The best of mon are liable to err, add this wa« an error. At tho time of Carlyle's .ilç.ith' it was stated, and repeated by unfriendly' tongues with much glee, that tho Chelsea philosopher on his dying bed -growled 'jl'iir ilea von's sake, Bavo mo from . that.. body-, snatcher, Dean Stanley." It ts not probable that there would be a largo ant-ut itt oí sym pathy between thc two meit, mid thu story: ou the faco of it is characteristic. IJutd- lim assured, on what should bo goo 1 authority, that it is ono of - chusa amusing fictions in vented to raise a passing laugh, mid circu lated iintil it acquires tho stamp of ' respect..] able veracity. Not that it matters.' 'Dean Stanley, I venture to believe, liaviiig. réppg-' niscd his course of action to his : conscience,-: would bo littlo moved by the sneers, and' attacks of men from wltoiu in . the very ! tinturo of things ho could not. ^ox^ioct sym pathy. And, us a Christian, unuttachel, I, - liku thousands of others, would not objocb.if ' wo had a few inore bodysuutcliorsof thó Mutuo: description. . , ;.V. , 