^OXXNTSY TELEGRAMS. f From our own OorreeDoudents.1 POST LINCOLN. February^. Professor Pepper has concluded three of the . L- tmost successful lectures and entertainments iever" \- .given in-Port-Lincoln.- The-institnte haUiwas • crowded each evening. By request three more . \- -science lectures will be given during thv nreseht week, also a matinee for schools. The enter* •tainment included popular philosophy, ghost illusions, and carious optical effects. On Wed nesday next the professor leaves for the Penin sula. j NARRAOOORTE, February 2. 'Daniel Fogarty, the guardsman who was Iran \- over on the line last Friday, and was admitted ... to the hospital on Sunday, died there this ■morning.from the injuries received He :was : the first patient in the hospital, and was: at tended by Drs. Gunning and Stock. i Captain Cotton has gone to Kingston with the expectation ot meeting the diamond drill to test the supposed coalfield. The people here sure incredulous in the matter. The weather is cool, and a gentle rain fell all .. *the morning, j MOUNT GAMBIER, February 2. 'A number of farmers and others.have agreed v to bear an expense of about £100 in order to make an experiment at milk-condensing to test dbhe market.:. Mr. Oliver Cooper, from Yiotqria, a practical main, will manage the work. <:Au engihe and rooms for the experiment have been offered free, and if the results answer expects • ;tionB steps will be taken to form a company, or the proprietors will commence oa a large scale, and also include the potato- preserving and bacon-curing industries. To comineuqe pro perly with all would require £8,000 or more, ~ but only milk .will be first dealt with. i A splendid iain fell to-day, thoroughly soak ing the Aground. It will probably do uble the .yield of late potatoes. . ! PORT YIOTOR, February 2. ' There has been a remarkable change in the weather smoeiyeaterday. It commenced raining this" morning, and continned at intervals during the day. It is very cold. The sea is high, and there is every appearance of a stormy night.; 