CHAPTER XX, THE driver, .who had bo<;n an attentive obarvvr of tbo littio episode just related, .' luiiVci considerable iadicatii.na of perplexity it. Lid f.ictj ; he said nothing, but «iro>e on, a:;d ia about h<>it-un*hour pulled up iit n dec*.Gt locking rr.adsi lu public-housO, vi«i."h n.is digiiiiii.i by lb:; naruo of tba Travel Uu' ilt.,: If..,id. Tiiu fu.'.i.h ckaigcd ho.-a.-3 Li.ro, and re mained about & uf &u; Lour far rcfiVshiUuiitfl. The tiro-eating c<>pt»:n was bim.^l/ again. IIa had eattn and br, bad drr.nkcn ; and onoo moro the obi Adam war, ;;i the ascendant. The potent whisky of tbo TravcllLr?' Kcftt, diip&iiAed; by n pretty barmaid, bad rousod hii warlike spirit to tl.u eliuking c>r tho .hooting point. Ftrh;ij«j be bad receivod Some private iiift.rm.iiioi. in.in tho barmaid, who waaevidently etntr.k with bia perfection*. She may havo assured him. that boah rtngen wcro unknown abaut the district, and that the only danger bo wAa likely to experience waa from tho arrows of tho wicked littltt blind god, Cupid. At iJl cTenta, Captain Blomctitc vraa roar ing liko one of the iions he waa so fond of killing when ho sojourned in Africa. " Who cares for jour paltry cow-catching bushranger* ? Lot thorn show thomsclTca now white there » ioiBcicnt daylight to draw A bead upon their cowuxUj carcnsscs. What a miserable lot of road* .craping, loe-scupper- browiing, deck-awab bin/aona of-" "Sail up!" said a deep voice' on the larboard aido of the gallant captain. " Hold up your handi 1" nia another yoico tohwrifht, The c*ptain looked from one to tho other. On either sido of him tm a stxango /Iguro comcd with a hone cloth, And having on its head a sort of helmet mado oat of aa old nail can. ' All tho passeflgors had taken their placet with tho exception of tho ladioa, Mid Tom Parchment and tho little man in gram epcctoclos. Tho valorous captain ceased his roaring instantly. lie no longer thirsted for tlvc blood of bushrangers. He rather longed for a quiet hole where be could hide himself. Tho revolver wnlch be bad been flourishing fell from bis hand and he looked as like a washed-out dish-clout u it ii pouibla for a human being to look. The bushranger on hie right beckoned hira down from the top of tho coach, aa Hamlet's father's ghost bcokoncd iUmlet's- father's son from tho ramparts of Elsinore; and the captain followed him, while tho glittering ejo of tho knight of the nail eao apparently had the i&mo; c fleet upon his Tiotim that the eye of tho ancient mariner had upon the wedding guest. In the rear of the establishment was a room that eorved as a sort of dcad- houso, where drunkon btuhmen were bestowed to sleep off tho effects of their debauch on bad liquor-when all their money was spent. Into this delectable abode Captain Blomo tito was throat, and the key turned upon hira* Upon tho return of tho first bushranger, ho jook off his helmet and revealed tho ferocious countenanoe of-the man in green hpectaales. Hifl mate was no other than Tom l'»rchment; and thoy were proceeding to explain that, aa Captain Blomotito'a room wn.i bettor than hia company, they imd adopted thi.H mild stratagem t to get rid of him-when two ominous*looking figure.) wt.ro ohservod skulking mysteriously round tho corner of the vor&nibih.; On their heads was tho orthodox nail r.nn, without which Australian bunhr.uifu r* i-.«vcr think of venturing into tho li^hi. of d.iy. Oijt) of them carried a huge weapon, which looked like a fowling pit-cu of Uoliath of (iath-if such had been ufce.il in thti days of thai ur.urcnmcisod Philistine, hut which Wr.3, in reality, an ab.Hriimtblo pic-c.o of oiiliiftiicu which tho l'hilii!!.iru:.< of sport ordhi a duck gun. Thia frightful der.th dealing r.ontrivanco (which Lr.^rrf about thrt tamo relation to an ordinary ynn, that Gargantua'a mard's tail beam to tho caudal appcndag.i of an ordinary hor«o) tairc3 for itd usual char^o about, tivo ouuccm of powder, and two found* of shot. Now, aa a modern hr^^idi-lfi.idoc, &uoh; ai< cparUia&n; uao, require.* a charga of about thrc-c drama of powiW and an onncu of hhot, it will b-j *een that wo aiv; not exag gerating in our comparison, rdthoiiish wo md nfisi/rcit by that, careful historian, itabolnia, that tho nforesaid inaro (which " was .vs big a.-i t.ix cluphanta"), had a tail " little f.ioio or ic.^i than ovary whit as gtdat aa tho otteplo t»l Haint. Mark." It. ia not to bo wondorcd at, thf.n, that, when Torn l'atc.hmont riaw thin diabolical contrivauco, with a loro thrco ii.r.ht 3 in diantutcr, and a barrel fconfc.it, long, pointing at hiio, and within threo fctt of !>ia bi^a-it, ho hhonld feci inclined to obuy tho <.onimands of tho bearer of thia par.-uuiaiva in?Uiin.i.at, when, in a itopnlchral tone, rf.ndr.rcd more hideous by tho vibration of tho tin pot on his head, ho commanded him to - " Hail lip 1" It is not to bo supposed that Tom Parch ment, had any particular desire to have two pound-) of buck shot lodged in his vi»ccr,il region; and yet ho could not altogether rekindle himself to bailing up without a fctrngglo. Ho looked at Ida antagonist, and ' taw his ejoa gloaming through a ftlit in tho nau can with that pfniu li.n glare that always indicates tho ruthless and sanguinary marauders of tho Australian bush. Ho glanccd at his com panion in distress-tho man in t.lin given spectacles. Seeing him looking steadfast ly at the corner of tho house, his eyes naturally followed the same direction, ana thorn ho ob served tho barrel of anothor gun, with another bualirongor behind it, who had as sumed tho usnal and customary attituih: which an Irish Land Leagner assume#, quite naturally, when his landlord comes for hi t rent.. But Tom JParchment vm at & different, .'iiiglo from hit friend, and, in fact, ho could ft o a littlu bit round the corncr. It struck him that tho second son bad a vcry ancient look; and, glancing along tbo barrel, his quick oyo detected that it bad no cap on, anil that it vu, in fact, deficient of a nipple. This discovery made him think that pos sibly tho gun pointed at him hod the same peculiarity { but ho found, on looking nt it, that it was capped in proper order, and that it was, moreover, at full cook. l'ho bushrangers began now to be im patient, and, with the most frightful impre cations and curse*, commanded Tom to turn out his pocket* and hand over all las valuables. A third bushranger npw made his appear ance, bat he had no goo, and his duty was to do the utealing part of the business, v/hilo tho armed bushrangers held tho victims covered with their weapons. Tom, expostulating with tho man in front of him. asked him to be good enough to turn aside the muzzle of his gun. " My friend," ha said, " I am anro you do not want to oommit an unnecessary murder. All you want is the money, which, of course, f-ou shall hare. II your fingers were to clip t would blow a hole through me aa big as a barn door. Looking at it from the point of view of the welfare of your honourable pro fession, unneoeasary bloodshod is always a mistake."* Bushrangers in not, as a rnle, very much given to conversation, although, in romances, they occasionally indulge in speeches as lung aa those with which the heroes of Homer's Illiad are credited; but it is always beat to stick to simple, plain facts, and what the bushranger replied to Tom was simply : " Stow your gaff, and shell out." Bat Tom Parchment had gained hia end, for the huge gun was of such a monstrous weight that the villain holding it was obliged to drop tho muwle for a moment whilo ho took a rut. This TfM Tom Parchment's opportunity; and, making a jump from tho box-seat, he landed with both feet fair upo% tho shoulders of his enemy. The shock sent the bushranger sprawling, ,and the duek gun went off with such a terrific roar that the hones took fright, and turning suddenly round snapped one of tho swingie tiees; and overturning the coach, sent thoeo of the passengers who had already taken their seats rolling into the middle of the road. (To b§ continued.) Oiuna ABB Bia DTBPIPSIA,-In bis " Beminiaoeiieei" Ofcrijle leiia how be once rods sixty milM to Bdiabitrgb, " to OODSOU » doator, bftviog M lMt reiaaed my eom plexites to . single quel lion. I« this disease eorable by medicine? or u it chronic, in surable tuipt by regimen, 11 e?ca BO? TbU qoeellon I earnestly pat; got raapoasa: . It U ftll tobscco, sir; give op tobaeca.' Gave it instantly and (tried; op. Poaad, alter long months, that I might as we'll h&vo; ridden lixty milea in the opposite dirfiotioo, and poured my aonowa into the long, hairy ear of the first jukui I came upon, ea into tbifl select medic*! aut&'f whoie BABU I will ?at mtniiiui." 