POLICR COULiT. Friday, IUIiMakch (Before Messrs A. Laki'iii-ui and A. P. St.P.U'HI't. .1 'sP 1 J'lni Smith aud W'llintn /inlay, arrested by the Mo.ss^iel policu on suspicion nf larceny at Mossgiel. C-nsuible Hay, sworn : I took prisoners 3 miles from Mossgiel ; I asked how t.liey uame from Hay ; prisi hums said thev liad nut been in Hav for two years: asked was he not. there within the last month ; he said, ' Oil, yes, I passed through asked him did lie know Minogue's hotel ; thev answered the descrip tion of two men reported to have stolen some watches and money irom Minoguivs hotel, Hay ; I then arrested them on suspicion ; searched tliem, but did not find any stolen property on them. The prisoners were discharged. Pinchin v. Lawrence. No parties. One of the most singular- 'hail- storms ever seen in this portion of the colony fell nn Tuesday (says tho Echo) at 1.20 p.m., and lasted for two or three minutes. From about noon lie sky was overcast wi'n a dense mass of heavy dark clouds, and about 1 o'clock a few peals of the rider and an occasional flash of lightning occurred. Then followed the shower of hail referred to, the hailstones resembling jagged lumps of ic», and some of them be i .g as large as a fowl's egg. The shower was very thick and severe, and the horses which were exposed to its force in the streets appeared to feel the stinging effects ot the hailstones upon their heads and backs. A heavy shower of rain tol lowed and cleared the atmosphere. On Monday evening last Mr Ro berta. a reputed medium for spirit manifestations, held a seance at a house in Fast St. I eonards, North Shore, said to have b*en haunted by a spirit, for the last two months or so. The object of the seance was to invite the presence of the haunting sprite, with a view to eli citing from it the why and where fore of its nocturnal visits to that particular mansion, to satisfy its wishes if possible and by so doing render its further appearance on this mundane scene unnecessary. The proprietor ot t his journal formed one of the spiritualistic group which consisted of 7 persons — two ladies and five ffentlemen. By direction of Mr Roberts the partv joined j hands round a small table and started to sing a hymn. Before ! the first verse was fiuished, how ever, ahalf brick came bounding through a window and lodged in dangerous proximity Mr Roberts's left, hand, on the table. This brought the vocalization to a close, and Mr Roberts suggested a prayer. The majority of the circle, however, moved an amendment, to the effect that. ' the home do now adjourn,' which was carried unanmously. The proprietor of the Recorder for got to sav good night to any-bodv, and was safelyhoused at. the sanc tum in Mount-street 2min 21 sec, after the manifestation. It's not Bate to have anything to do with spirits who shy brick-bats about. The manifestation is rather too striking for our fancy, We havn't heard how Mr Roberts got on ; but we only hope the ghost won't lay liim instead of vice versea. — St. Leonards Recorder. The story is told of a clergyman, that, after preaching an interesting sermon on ' Recognition of Friends in' Heaven,' he was accosted by a :!}re&rer;, whosatd;''' I like that ser mon, mid I now wish you would, preach another 'on the recognising' of people in the world. ] have been attending your church for three years, and not five persons in the congregation have so much as bowed to me in all that time.' Just as a traveller was writing liis name on the register of a Lea venworth Hotel a bed-bug appeared and took its way across the page. The man paused and remarked, ' I've been bled by St. Joe fleas, bitten by Kansas Oitv spiders, and pnd interviewed by Fort Scott grey lacks, but I'll be darned if ever I was iu a place before where the bed-bugs looked over the Hotel re gister to find out where your rooms was ' The Auckland correspondent of tli« N. Z- Time* sends the following | matter of- fact t'leHram, dated Feb- j ruarv 24: — ' — , the unemployed j agitator, .charged bis wife, at the | Police Court. to-dity with illusing and --threatening -to- poison him. Mrs— said her husband was a loafer and -would talk bet not. work. . The inn sistrato dismissed the -case, ad vising them to settle their domestic jdij^Weucoa amteabl j 