The Storyteller. Orlando's Revenge. I. BY BARNETT PHILLIPS, in Appleton s' Journal. IF Margaret had only been twenty-five! Then Love could have nestled on her rounded shoulder: His soft whisperings in her ear might have been listened to. But Margaret was thirty-one, and her clavicles, if not ridgy, were at least slightly accentuated, and Love had found it uncomfort able to perch there. Now, in my younger days, in lieu of the pomp and ceremony of a challenge by gauntlet, we boys were wont to place a chip on a fellow's shoulder, and, if by the least shake, shrug, or accident, that fragment of wood fell to Ate gronnd, it was a regularly understood thing that a pitched battle would ensue. It might have been a certain mental or physical conforma tion which always inclined Margaret's chip to' fall from her neatly padded shoulder. I mußt lay some stress right here on the lady's wonderful taste and skill in dress. I am even forced to believe that the trips she made every yfear or so to France were undertaken, one half with the intention of visiting her brother and nephew in Paris, the other half having for omedtive point the careful selecting and fashion ing 4 of dresses, which toilets Margaret would dis play in all their crackling freshness or limp elegance at New York, Saratoga, and Newport, qn subsequent periods. Had the lady ample means ? Yes; much more than she could possibly use, and you may see her name, Margaret Perkins, aa patroness of a number of charitable institutions is New York. 1 There was really good cause for that expres sion of annoyance which Margaret's handsome face bore, as she Bat in a chair on the deck of the France, on a dingy uncertain kind of day last November. The telegraphic message she held in her hand, received at the very last moment, ten minutes only before the sailing of the steamer, told of some sudden illness which would prevent • gentleman and his wife acting as her escort on the voyage. If it had been possible Margaret WOold have postponed her trip, for she was prompt in making a deoision, but there was such s crowd, such conf uaion, it was so difficult to see captain or parser, to find her maid even, to ■sake herself understood, that before she knew U the hawsers were slipped and the vessel was slowly steaming past the Battery. "What a wretched, uncomfortable time I shall have I That stupid Clare is sure to be as ill as a dog the first day out, and of no possible use to me. Of all sick women, a French sick lady's maid is the sickest i I had better go be low and find her. On my last trip I scolded her into a day or so of convalescence. What a horrid motley crowd of people! it looks as if there was not a single English-speaking person ki'the whole lot—and it is going to drizzle" (and Margaret looked at the dull waters of the bay), " and it will be very sure to blow—and be wet and miserable from the very start. Well! lam in for.it, and must make the best of it;" and Miss Margaret did go below, and found her maid,- who, as if at the point of death, was un packing the valise, and, apparently at her last gasp, arranging some articles of toilet in the state-room. How old Orlando was I do not know. His preservation was, however, quite perfect, for he had something of that portliness whioh men take on with age, whioh hides the years. Margaret and Orlando became acquainted the Becond day out. If an ugly cross-sea had slightly incapaci tated the mistress, it had entirely disabled the serving- woman. The same green sea which made the France swerve caused Margaret to execute an eccentric and complicated gliuade, and Orlando, somewhat to his. discomfort, had per formed the functions of an animated buffer. Margaret's aplomb was quite equal to the occasion. Not the faintest exclamation waß audible on her part; all she did was to wave her gloved hand in a deprecating manner. In doing so, she again lost her balance, and was in the act, in an in voluntary way, of coarse, of sitting down in Oriental style on the sloppy deck, when Orlando was fortunate enough to grasp Margaret's arm and to adroitly slip a folding chair under her. To) take hia rug and fold it around Miss Perkins, to move her chair and all under the shelter of a lifeboat out of the way of the flying scud, con cluded the perfoxmanoe. Margaret, amazed, glanced at a bright-blue rug, which bore a medallion in the middle of it, picturing a blood-bred fox scampering along with a green goose in hia mouth, and was about re moving this obnoxious bit of animated nature, when the captain, who happened to be near, seeing the flapping end of the rug, very methodi cally tucked it all in again, and even passed and tied a bit of lanyard around the lady's knees and the chair. Then Misa Perkins, Becurely laahed, was fairly in prison. A rapid introduction was due to the captain,, and Mias Perkins and Mr.—something (was it! Faust, or Fauss, or Fobs, or Fuss?—the wind blustered a great deal, and the captain's English was rather uncertain) were supposed to know one another—at least, the ice was broken. I rather like the ice-idea, because in a certain measure it consorted with Margaret's present state of mind, whose refrigerating powere, when she wanted to be glacial, were phenomenal of their kind. Some women are acid or alkaline in their talk. Margaret could be both sharp and bitter, but few could exoel the lady in floating lumps of ice into the current of her conversation. The first thing Margaret said, was : " Mr.— Mr. Fobs, untie this cord. The situation is—" " Ridiculous," interposed the gentleman, who did not even smile, but looked as if he really meant it. Margaret resented the word at once, for she thought that there was no possible accident in life, at least in its relation to her, which could ever render her ridiculous. " Insupportable, if you please, Mr. Foss," and here Margaret wriggled. Then the gentleman came behind her, and worked at the knot. His digits were either be numbed, or he wae awkward, for Margaret felt him execute a dumb piano scale on the back of her chair. " Was he dawdling thereon purpose ?" thought Miss Margaret "If your fingers are all thumbs, sir, why don't you out it ?—out it, sir I" she aaid, sharply. " No knife," from a voioe behind her. "What on earth are yon doing, then?" she cried, impatiently. "Teeth." It was apparently teeth that did the business, for presently she felt the oord loosen, and in a moment the liberator appeared with one end of the string in his mouth, and the other in his hands. There waß such an air of simplicity about the man that Margaret's inclination to be curt and sharp was held in abeyance. "It must have been the beau Perse", which he release la belle Andromede from the monster of the sea, which is me, exactly in that way," said the captain, with that mixture of gallantry and badinage that Frenchmen delight in. " Absurd !" cried Miss Margaret, reddening, as she flung the rug on the chair, and went below. Misa Margaret was then more annoyed than : pleased by Orlando's first attentions. To her 1 the assistance of a waiter or Bailor would have been more acceptable. , : " Fosb or Fuss," she Baid; " both names are equally stupid and insignificant." It took three days more of tentative civility on the part of the gentleman before the slightest token of greeting, the most flitting of smiles, would play around Margaret's compressed lips. There was something abnormal about the ripen ing of this acquaintance, for the mellowing of it took place under peculiarly disadvantageous circumstances. All across the Atlantic during that November passage, barometric indications foretold storms and gales. There were but few blue skieß or starlit nights. A French theatrical company, which had come to grief in the United States, formed the bulk of the passengers, with a certain number of South Americans, and Mar garet found no one to talk to on board. I would beg you to believe that Miss Perkins was fully cognizant of all the proprieties. It was not the first time that accident or caprice had placed her in a somewhat isolated condition, and she knew how to take the best care of her self. It happened that at the captain's table Misa Perkins and Orlando had their places. Once or twice, after the third day out, Margaret had thought she would sit at another table, but, on mature consideration, she was not inclined to venture among the theatrical people, who were rather too noisy and hilarious to suit her ideas of decorum. The duties of his position, the continuance of bad weather, kept the captain on deck during the hours of dinner, and Margaret's lingual capacities were hardly equal to conven ing with the ship's officert. Between the two people there came then some slight social con tact. It might have shown bad taste on the part of Margaret to assert herself and her position to Mr. Fuss (for she had decided now on that name), but quite certainly she thought nothing at all about it. At the very beginning of their acquaintance, she conveyed to Orlando the fact that she moved in a higher social plane than the one in whioh he could possibly revolve. lam sure that Margaret had not the least idea that she was offensive, for by no intonation of her voice did she lay any stress on it. She only said five times a day, " Well, Mr. Fuss, among the people I have to do with, we neither think nor act in that way." The gentleman received this in such a defe rential manner, that unconsciously she improved the occasion by changing its form,, without vary ing the application, as " Dear me, where can you have lived ?" or, " What exceedingly preposter ous ideas of life, its duties and obligations, you have, to be sure !" Had Orlando only disputed with her at the outset, she might have given him more con sideration. If he bad differed with her radically, she would have been quite capable of cutting him. She had thougfits of giving him the cold shoulder, of ignoring his existence in the most placid way, only there would have been some thing absurd in doing such a thing on shipboard. Then the captain, Margaret was afraid, might notice it, and her introduction to the man was due to him. Such acerbity, then, aa she evinced was re ceived by the gentleman with the most provoking imperturbability. She might be sharp or acrid or freezing, snub or try to discompose him, and he never would aa much as wince. She thought, however, that when she had launched some more than carefully barbed arrow he showed the smart by twilling an old-fashioned seal which hang from his guard- chain. The sixth day out Mar* garet hated that seal. From feelings of irritation directed toward the man, her displeasure was diverted bj this harmless bit of blood-stone. Margaret was neither taciturn nor voluble ; Btiil Bhe liked to hear herself talk. For the lost five years she had read hard, and, to use a commonplace expression, had cultivated herself. Whatever harvest Bhe had raised was like that which comes from a sod-crop, tending toward tall stalk and voluminous leaves, without much grain. Too much self-made shade kept away the warmth from the soil. I ought to b« humane at once, and call for a good deal of sympathy for Margaret. Ten years before she had been a fairly natural young woman, a little spoiled by wealth, and, very un fortunately, in her childhood had been left an orphan. But, what was the &addeet; of all, at nineteen, from an accident of temper, she had lost the man she had really loved. That this person was unworthy of her she had now made up her mind about, or rather she had fostered this idea and found but little comfort in it. Thia had been her own bitter secret, but the last tear that she had shed over it had fallen a good many years before. Strength of mind with her was more assumed than natural, and, though conscious of her own wilfulnesß, she rather prided herself on her nipping qualities. If entirely too well bred to indulge aloud in personalities, Bhe had a habit of assorting in her own mind certain ludicrous epithets with persons. In searching for something typical of her fellow-passenger she had adopted Fuss, and had added to it "Bmug." Now, if tße man's physique had been in the least ridiculous, the word would have fitted him. He was dapper, but she could not help seeing that he was manly enough, and then waß forced to concede that an indifferent person was rarely fussy. One evening when Margaret was standing alone on the cabin-steps, peering into the sea* mist, she had seen Orlando chatting with a French aorobat The gymnast, practically demonstrating a feat of strength, had gone through some per formance, clutching one of the iron davits. Mr. Fuss took off his coat and tried the triok, and, though he became very red in the face, he went through with it to the applause of the French man. " With a little more practice and thinning down, monsieur might make an amateur de prctMireforcJ'— that is what Margaret heard. At first Margaret was very much inclined to laugh at a man whom she had Been with his head down and his feet up in the air, but she could not understand how she, in sympathy, had given a stamp with her foot at one particular part of the performance, when it was doubtful whether the amateur aorobat would gain hia equilibrium. Though she hated to acknowledge it, Bhe felt that certain respect which all woman have for the poaaeaaor of thews and musoles. Margaret now racked her brain for something fitted for \- the man. She even changed Fuss back again to Foss. It irritated her that ahe could not place him—give him a profession, a calling. Might he be a retired minstrel—a sporting man ? The most tantalising thing about him waa, now that she deigned to convene with him, she never could induce him to talk about himself. With a good deal of feminine shrewdness, almost the watching of a cat over a mouse-hole, Miss Margaret waited for him to come, but he never did come. He was an aimless kind of person, then, for she never could lead him up to a fixed opinion. I beg you to believe that discussions on ethics were rarely indulged in. Once or twice, with a condescension which surprised her, Mar garet lent a helping hand in dragging him up into the frigid steppe of an abstraction, but Mr. Fosa slipped down in a most absurd way. After a while, when her fellow-passenger twirled his seal, Miss Margaret was horrified with the idea that he was bored—worse than that, something more humiliating was evolved, a feeling of serious mistrust, a dread that he was making game of her. When the voyage was three fourths accom plished, Bhe became quite consciouß that there were many topics of which he waa master. It waa not by his talk to her that she was awara of this, but by his conversation with other people. At the dinner-table a South American had ad vanced some ideas aa to the character of the United States Qovernment which displayed dense ignorance and bad temper. Margaret, being hot headed, had taken up the chip, and, before she knew it, had entered into a rather acrimonious battle, when Mr. Fobs had very quietly, at first, put in a word or so, rather hesitatingly, and then had^in the best; of taste, developed Miss Perkins's rather crude ideas, and silenced the Peruvian. When he conoluded, Margaret had said to her self : " All very well, Mr. Fobs, and I have half a mind to be obliged to you. But why do you never talk to me, in that way ? Am I too insig nificant to draw your fire?" Then Margaret felt rather more incensed than humiliated. The next day, on deck, the captain had asked the gentleman for some details as to the measure ment of a atar having some bearing on nautical matters, and the passenger had .repeated certain figures off-hand, and given a word of explana tion, which information the captain had ap parently taken as authority. Now, Margaret had remembered how, the night before, when there had been a brief hour of starlight, she had talked volubly about solar Bpaoes and nebulas, expa tiating on some half-digested theory she had read in a recent review, and how, all the time she had been talking, a certain gentleman's seal had been twirled backward and forward. "Is this a kind of wretched Admirable Crichton come to annoy me ? Lwonder if I have been making a fool of myself ! Do amateur astronomers ever do tricks on the trapeze ? There is nothing of the peda gogue about him. One thing is very certain—l shall never talk stars to him again." This story is full of ifs, for if Orlando had been gushing or expansive for once, and would have only allowed Margaret to rap him over the fingers (verbally, of course) it would have satis fied her. She wanted a little cheap triumph of some kind or other, such as all the world she lived in had been willing to accord her from her position, money, and good looks. If he had only given her that she would have had her chariot wheels rubber-tired, so that she might not have hurt him. " Yes—he is torpid, and tortuous, and wants to conceal something. He hides his hand," she said, " just as if I care to see it." The idea that he was hiding something pleased her exceedingly for a whole afternoon until evening came, when she Bought her state-room. Then ahe felt ashamed because she found liem-lf wondering why the man frequented so much of late that part of the steamer where the second v class people lived. A sudden flush roue to her temples, and she was conscious that her heart was beating a good sound succession of throbs. Mind you, Margaret was no better por worse than are many other very honest women of her years, for the very next thought was a great deal like this: "If I were not too old for it 1 a flirta tion, if only of a day or so, with this passenger might be the means of satisfying my curiosity— solving, in fact, this Fus3 or Foss problem. Don't I know, though, that the sympathy a man may have for a woman, or the curiosity of a woman in regard to a man, is dangerous ?" Poor Mar garet! let her be forgiven ; for jußt then there rose, ghost-like, auotuer face, and aho was scared. The state-room oppressed her; she left it, but in the cabin found another humiliation. On a table, face downward, was a book; one she thought belonged to the ship's library. There was a name written on the fly-leaf. Yes Or lando (silly name), but the patronymic was neither Fuss, Foss, nor Faust, but simply Frost; and so she had been making an idiot of herself by emphasising Fuss and calling a man by his wrong name for almost a week, and he had never resented it! She looked at the book—one of the later poets. " The wretch!" she cried. "It was only two days, ago I aired a quotation from this very poem, and just as likely got it wrong—let me see. Horror! he has turned down the leaf, and, as I live, has underscored the passage—and here ia a big pencil-mark of exclamation in the margin 1 and he prevaricated, for he told me he rarely read Buch stuff, but I BUBpected some thing, for he just then twirled that abominable seal" Would it be believed that tears came into the eyes of that woman of thirty, and the inclination arose to open a dead-light and drop the book into the howling sea! "He is making a fool of me—and I never never will forgive him 1" she said. All the next day Margaret never left her cabin, and the sea sick maid caught it heavily, but was none the better for the rating. In anticipation of catching a first glimpse of the Soilly Islands, the day afterward Margaret was on deck. Seeking the few rays of sunlight which were sifting through the fog there Bat, propped up in a chair, a rumpled ballerinc. It was some dancing-woman who, a year before all bloom and sprightliness, was now coming home to die. Some fatal intermittent fever, caught at Para, was Blowly yet surely killing this limp butterfly. Her dress was scanty, her clothing thin; Bhe had been too poor to secure the comforto of a first-class passage. Some kind soul had evidently brought the woman on deck so that she might see the land. Around her knees the rug with the fox and goose had been placed, and she was muffled up in a man's dressing gown. Very possibly but a few months before she had been perfectly at her ease, coquettishly graceful in male attire, and had had a plentiful reserve of brass, cheek, go, entreint, etpiigltrit, what you please. Now, pale and shivering, she was glad enough for the warmth this masculine gear afforded. How did Margaret know thafc this dressing-gown was Frost's? Why, as ho stood looking at the ill woman, she touched his sleeve, nodded her head, and kissed with » pitiful remnant of grace the upturned collar of the dressing-gown which was nearest to her lips. II If only I could get at my trunks! unfortu nately they are not in my room ; I have some odds and ends which would be more decent for that woman. I wish that man had not affichtd himself in such a public way. What shocking vulgar taste he must have, to be sure ! chocolate merino, with blue sprawling palms over it, and the most absurd of bell-pulls for a cord and tassel." Margaret Perkins was not an angel, for she even arranged a sharp speech for Mr. Frost, in readineßß for him when he should join her, but Mr. Frost did not come just then; in fact, ha seemed to have a way of not coming now, when he was wanted. The purser of the ship, whoee> civilities Miss Perkins had by no means encour aged, and who, I regret to state, had called her une chipie avec dcs icUes atsommanta, was senfc for by Margaret 41 You will be good enough to Bupply that sick woman with the delicacies she may require, and you will charge it to me," had said Miss Margaret. " Entirely unnecessary. I fully appreciate mademoiselle's kindness ; but we all have, so it Beems, a good heart on board, from Mademoi selle Pearkins down to the captain. The very first day, though, M. Fross see the poor leetle one was sick, and he instruct that attention be paid her, but we could not allow that; the cap* tain, the doctor, charge themselves ; she have all she want. Pauvre ckattc, she have dance, I am afraid, her last pirouette before the grand jump." That afternoon Mr. Frost was about leaving the table, and Margaret was toying with her coffee-spoon, when she said : " One moment, Mr. Fross; do you not think you have overdone it?' " And pray how ?" " Please do not twiddle with your seal; it is a most childish habit. Now, chanty and all that kind of thing I admire." " Do you V "But ostentation in such matters is really distressing. That shocking rug of yours, with the fox and goose, though I hate it, might have suited the occasion, but the robe de chambre " "Sorry you did nob like it, wadded all through " " Dear me, Mr. Frois, among the people I live with we give beef and bread and shoes and coals, but the Worcestershire sauce, the jam, the high heels, the fire screens, we deem superflui ties." (Let it be said, to Margaret's credit, that she had no inclination to tell Mr. Frost that he own charities cost her a couple of thousand, dollars every year.) " Now" (here Miss Margaret softened a little), "had you thought'it worth, your while to ask my advice I should hav»tol<] you in the chaos of baggage I have a. trunk, marked M. P., No. 3, and if you will fiad it for me, Mr. Fross, I can give you a warm dress suited to the wants of a dancing-woman." "Oh 1 it is not worth while bow. As w» ap proach soundings, temperatu»e diminishes, and that dancing-woman won, 1* want it." That was not a polite way ol receiving her advances. "We were talking <rf Worcsateiabire sauoe," he went on ; "I have no partiality for it, chutney ia ao much nicer, but I adore guava-jelly. We never hare had a ouliuary conversation yet, Miss Perkina. It really affords great opportunities for expanßiveness. We might try it—possibly it would be a novel topic for you." " Can you not advance an opinion for once in your life and stick to it, sir ? Are you in the least bit ashamed of what you did, which was a pood action, a kindness ? I like frankness, and I think you are wanting in it. There, do Bay, for once : ' I will not be offended. Confound it, Miss Perkins 1 what is it your business ?'" Mr. Frost did look amazed, and opened bis eyes very wide indeed. " I dare say it would have been better had I turned that .confounded—you see I use the word —that confounded gown inside out; it is then all one colour." "I am not going to be put off that way. You have not, then, the courage I hoped you had ? I would not give that" (she picked up a bit of almond-Bhell in her fingers) " for a man without an opinion I I may be a woman, but I think what is right, and I do it, or rather I must do it —it is the inevitable." "Do you want me to repeat that ? I hope, then, what I think is right, and I do not always do it That is my creed, Miss Perkins." "That is an existence of expediency. Tou mußt be forced to shuffle." "Shufle? Why, yes. I double and twist around things." "That is an acknowledgement, at least." "Shuffle I By the way, that reminds me of cards, a source of amusement we have not yet tried, engrossed as we have been in conversation of a highly entertaining character so far." " I wish your connections of thought had less eccentrioity. I can't pin you. down to anything." " I should not like to be an insect for your entomological researches," said Mr. Frost, so suddenly and sharply that he took Margaret by surprise. He was not so torpid, then, after all, she thought, and she liked him the better for it " Cards—you want me to play cards ? I dis like them. I have not played cards since I was a little girl." "With your particular bent of mind, Miss Perkins, I have the firm conviction that you would soon become an expert player." "My bent of mind?" That was a second personal remark. He was improving. " What do you mean ?" " Why that for fun or love your card- playing might be careless or indifferent, but once engage you in a stake, a certain very fortunate charac teristic which you possess, and which I admire exceedingly " " What ia it I Of ooursef I atu flattered." "An imperturbable coolness would come to your aid. Then your deliberate judgment would rise superior to the dictates of fortune." " Tou think, then, that at my age I could de velop into a gamester f The idea is too prepos terous. Tou may teach me cards, and lam im pulsive enough to want to learn at once." It was unpleasant on deck ; the two then re mained at table, a pack of cards was brought, and, when the evening was over, Margaret, an essentially bright woman, with a certain unde veloped mathematical turn of mind, became fairly proficient in a rather simple game of cards. When the stakes were sugar-plums Margaret counted with glee that she had won some pounds of bonbons. This card- playing, which was con tinued at intervals next day, the last one on board, removed a great deal of constraint, and, without knowing it, Margaret was gay, cheerful, and quite natural. She had not the courage to call him either Foss or Frosa, and evaded it en tirely. The apology which was due to him she Would await some future opportunity to make. "Your game again," said Mr. Frost "I should not be surprised if you were a capital business woman." " Do you judge from such an absurd trifle as a game of cards?"* "In some slight measure. I might have counted on suoh a novice as you are exhibiting a certain recklessness which would have induced blunders. People who are too grasping in the game of life mostly come to grief. It is coolness and deliberation that win the odd trick." " I have heard that so very often, though its application never was made personal before I" " If ever, then," continued the gentleman, with a laugh, "there came a contest, say between your inclinations, the better ones playing against your fancies " "My fancies 1" " I am afraid, at that kind of play, whims —" "Whims! Mr.-Mr.-" (she wanted to say Fiott). ' "Your caprices, then, would be the victors, and your gain wretchedness. We all play' these games by ourselves at times—kind of mortal tolitaira." Margaret looked puzzled. How much of mys tification or of ftniflagt was there in this ? It was a novel stop for him to play upon. " In all the circumstances of my life I shall be at least guided by my better judgment, the discretion of a woman of thirty. To me all tho concerns of life have to be settled on the purest business principles. Tour perspicacity is in some respects not at fault. lam essentially a business woman, and have had entire control of my own affairs ever Bince I was of age." "Too much business—will you deal, if you please ?—too muoh business—l am to play—and chaffering with the world may make a woman hard, aud has been known to " He hesitated. " What, sir ? I half suspect you are trying to confuse me, so as to get the advantage of me in this game. I score the point, however. Tou were saying—about business women—and I am expecting something incisive." " I was thinking that business sometimes an nexed women. In some feminine natures it stifles instincts, even feelings—translates her out of her Bphere." "Indeed 1 Do you intend that speech as an exhibit of the sentimental side of your character? Though it is novel it is certainly neither kind nor gracious." "Do you know that I hate a card-playing woman V said Mr. Frost slowly and reflectively. " Complimentary to me, certainly. Then, pray, why did you take the trouble to teach me ?" " I never indulge in personalities, Miss Perkins. I rather feel obliged to you for having furnished me with a certain amount of amusement" How should she take that word amusement? " Only—only at cards ?" inquired Margaret, almost breathless. "Do you assure me that you have not been laughing at me—at me—from the time I put my foot on board V She did not say anything more, nor wait for his answer, but rose, bowed to Mr. Frost gravely, and sought her room. That she was not in a rage Bomewhat dismayed her. Next morning, by daybreak, the voyage was ended. Margaret was aunt to a young American lad of fifteen, who was awaiting her at Havre, Though the boy was manly and intelligent it was Mr. Frost who had to care for Margaret's lug gage. Without his assistance she never could have caught the mid-day train to Paris. It was Mr. Frost who went with her to the station and bought the tickets. "Might I ask him to call on me in Paris ?" thought Margaret Margaret had pondered over that question in latitude 42° 07'; when she had placed her well-arched foot oh the gang-plank ; when she had kissed her nephew—and it kept bothering her now. "Should she give him her address V A few commonplace civilities might have some weight when extended to him in the handsome house on the Champs Elysees. She might impose on him then. As she sat in the station the matter had resolved itself into some thing like this : "If he really cares to see me again he will ask me for it; he must ask me, though I never have intimated that I should like to renew the acquaintance. He is certainly not a curious man, and never asked any questions. What he knows about me I must have told him; and then he really did not seem to care." Mr. Frost came just then with four tickets in his hand. "Good Gracious!" thought Margaret, "he must be coming with us. He is quite capable of doing so, and sitting in another ear." Mr. Frost gave three tickets to the nephew, and was paid for them. "If he is going with us, he might at least say so; and then he cannot help knowing where I live, and the matter of my address finds a natural conclusion. lam not going to worry myself about it any more," she said, Mr. Frost went to the other side of the room, and put the remaining tioket in the sick actress's hand. Though his back was turned to Margaret she could see the Frenchwoman open, with trembling fingers, her portemonnaie and offer payment, which the gentleman declined. Then he shook hands with the woman, folding over her arm the fox«and*goose rag ; then he made her a grave bow. '* He shall have my address, for he has a good souL I am so glad that that fox-and-goose horror will never be seen again, at least by me! I wonder if that cloak of King Louis's was in the fashion when he gave it away V thought Margaret An official just then opened a door. There was a great rush of passengers. The nephew rose with his aunt and the maid, and the three were swept forward. Before Margaret knew it, she was seated in the can. When her brother welcomed her at the station in the Roe St Laeare that evening, she looked around her. Perhaps, after all, Mr. Frost had made the journey with her to Paris. What ia the use, I pray, of my being guarded or ambiguous ? If anybody has not already dis covered that Margaret Perkins has not much more than a strong liking for Orlando Frost, I am to be blamed for having written this, the first portion of my story, in a most clumsy and inar tistic way. I intended, from the very beginning, to make Orlando a mysterious personage, and, though my story may want a Mephiatopheles, it might be modelled on that very veridical history whioh Goethe has made immortal As we can not always indulge in high comedy, I want to impress on my readers the fact that this is a real tragedy, with a very terrible denouement. I com menced directly with allusions directed toward Margaret I may have deprecated her charms with a malign purpose. If Margaret had only been happy, or had wanted to be so I If she had been lethargic and subsisted on a cream or fari naceous diet, and so gained only 51b. more of adipose tissue 1 Then she would have been a very good-natured woman, sweeter, from the full ripeness of her age. This is my chorus, in the approved Greek style, and it has this great advantage—it sets matters straight at once, and prevents miscon struction. Now, this world is not entirely peopled with the good, the wise, the honest, the straightforward, or the sincere. Personal eccen tricities are less common than neutral foibles among the men and women I meet with. It may be an ungrateful task, then, for me to portray human weakness, even to expatiate on it lam very sorry that the goody-goody element has made so little impression on me. Margaret I met not very long ago, and T liked her exceedingly. As to Frost, whose name was known among all boating-men twenty years ago as the model stroke-oar of the colleges—whose good nature made him so popular—well Ihe was the very last man I had ever thought who would nourish a vengeance. [to bi coirrnroxD.] Good fresh advertisements (remarks the Albany Preu) are not the least interesting and valuable portion of a newspaper. We have been told that a prominent New Tork journalist hoped to see the day when the profits on the circulation of his paper would be so large that he could dis pense with advertising altogether. We think he is mistaken in his opinion of advertising and newspapers. Advertisements are news. They tell the readers what they want to know—where goods can be bought, what they are sold for, who has houses to rent or sell, who wishes to Eurchase real estate, where employment and ibor can be 6btained, and a thousand other things that they want to know. It is an error to suppose that only the editors and reporters supply news worth reading. The skilful adver tiser furnishes a good share of it, and if there are any readers who fail to look over the adver tising columns of their paper they miss a good deal of information that would prove valuable to them. Faint Pbaibe.—^Esthetic lady : "Ib not that Mrs. Brabazon, whose photograph is in all the shop windows?" The Professor: "It is. She is handsome, is she not f' JEsthetio lady: " Well, yaas—but— a—essentially a woman of the nineteenth century.'^ 