ILocal Sews. It was understood that at tho adjourned meetint; of thd Council held last Wednesday, the Aldermen were to discuss meaus for utilizing the' Firo Brigades Act. They did not do so, however, and possibly they may wait top long. : we have, to-day, to record the third extensive fire in Toowoomba -within the last few months, and from personal knowledge we can say that if there had been in Too woomba a properly organised aud fitted out fire brigade, thousands of pounds would have been snved. There seems to be in souie placss an epidemic o£ fires at present, and it may bo safely prophesied that our turn will come. Sooner or later it is sure to come. A oeseeal meeting of the Mackay Agri cultural, Fastbral and Mining Association will be held inl Will's Hotel on Tuesday next at four p.m. The business of tho meeting' is tn receive the anuiial report, and to elect office bearers. : , Entrances for the billiard handicap tourna ment, which camenccs at Murray's on Monday close to-day. (There are two very good tables for playing on in phe place, and one of them is 'first class. In this tonrnamont the first prize is a very valuable oue, and there is likely to be some; play to win it. 'Oa Wednes day last there wore twenty entries, but we do not know how many hare given in their names ' since. To-dayi however, is the last day of entry. j '. ? The Rockhamptou cricketers have accepted a challenge -from Maclay to play a orickot match here on December 10lh., Separation day, and a moetinR of the Mackay Cricket Club ia-' convened for the pnrposo of making, arrangements fior tho reception of tho afore said Rockhampton Cricketers. The meeting takes- place on Tuesday evening next, at eight o'clock in the Royal Hotel. It is to.be hoped that arrangements will be mado for giving the Hockhampton men a most hospitablo reception, and a jolly good licking in tho cricket match. They arc certain to receive tho former, and. judging from our readings of tho Rockhampton inpors, it should not bo particularly difficult to givo them tho latter. Wo may add that our local club have guaranteed £50 towards the payment of the exponscs of the Rock hampton team; and as this amount will only allow of aa expenditure . of about £i per .man of tho visitors; - it is evident that- the Jloclihampton mon aro actuated by a geuuino sportsmanlike focliug in coming here. , This amount will not pay half their expenses, and it is to be hoped that £50 ia re^ardedlas a minimum sum, and that considerably more will be raised. The annual oourtfor the revision of tho electoral list was held on Thursday last before Messrs. E. P. Aabilown, C. K. Dutaillis. and Charles Keelcy; J.J.P. The Clork of Petty Sessions produced all lists and marked rolls, compiled by him, which were revised, when the names nf tnuso who had died, or left the district, or been disqualified * ere struck out. There were eighteen names added to tho supplementary list and twenty-eight Btruck out from the electoral roll. Altogether 240 names havo been added during tho year. A G0VEEHM8KT Land sale of country lots in tho Comity of Carlisle, parish of Plane Creek, at the head of thu creek, waalield by Mr. C. It Dutaillis in his auction rooms on the forenoon oi Thursday last. Thoro were tnelvo lots offered, nine of which found purchasers at ori over tho upsot price of 25s. mr acre. The following are tho particulars : — Lot 1, Mr. C. Eeoloy, 6(10 acres, at tho upset price ; lot 2, Mr. K*eloy,' 500 acres, ups»t price ; lot 3, Farbury, Lamb and Co., 500 Co., £60 acres, upset price ; lot C, Mr, Eeoloy, 6G0 acres, 25/9d. ; lot 6, W. Barker Shaw; 27s. ; lot 7, VV. Barker Shaw,. 040 acres, 32/3(1. ; lots 8, 9. and 10 were unspld ; lot ll, Dr. McBurncy, 603 acrus, upset price j lot 12. C. Kctlcy, 600 acres, 25/3-L The total amowut lealisod by the sate is £6,673 Cs: At the conclusion of tho Government Lund Sale on Thursday forouoon Mr.C. H. Dutaillis sold mjuio building allotment* Dear the beach at Plane Creek. Some portiouo of Mr. Keoley- laud were mild in small blocks at tfic rate of £26 per aero and several other towu allot ments at satisfactory prices. llu Lordship Bishop Stanton arrived by tlio Soutlieru mail «t-iauior uarly on Tuesday morn inif last. Ho was mot on his arrivul by the Iicvd. A. A. Uaolarao, and driven to tlio Kcctory. Since th«n ho liai been doing the linns of tho iliutriut and drinking in, on ovcry hand its beautii-n and capabilities for future dcrelupmeut. YbaUrday a picnic was held in his iionor at Mr. Arniitajje'a residence on iSIada Point, at which there was a very largo attendance, andajl 'went merry as a marriage IibII.'' To-iiiorrojr Jli» Lordship preaches nt oly Trinity Charch, morning nnd Miming, uml at WalkrMlon at three o'clock iu tho ufujrnnon. We 'W *?''! that tomorrow His Lordship will makje mi interesting departure from the -Jmal ran of wirmoii giving, and will' ill ve particulars of hu jonrney homo.— Tho excursion to Slado Point yesterday was a very agreeable one, aud.several good speeches were made. A report of it will appear m our next issue. . ? ^ Wf remind Viur readers that, on Wwlnojilay next, Mr. '^Bowfcud wUl BW- »n exhibition at tl.eyV.P. and M. Society's Show Ground, of his; powers of horse taming.' According to southern papers theso are something mar vellous. Wo can remember Rarey, and tho effects ho produce 1 on vicious brutes, but we remeinbcr that he used to close himself, up with them. Mr. Rowland however does every thing in public nnd seems to possess some such subtle powor over tho animals experimented on us magnetism. In Rnckbampton ] has rendered aineuable to Baddlc, bridle and bit. horse* that hail never boforo been haudled, and also animals that, before bis arrival, had beaten everybody to break them in. The curious part of tlio aSair is that he (loos not spend! mure than a few minutes over the process. Ditbiko .hia late visit to Bundaberg the Premier wasj ?' deputationised ' by a number of gentlemen on the coolie labor, and Polynesian questions. Mr. C. J. Young pointed out that it was a -hardship, ontailing considerable loss of time, to bo compelled by the Pacilic Island Laborers' Act to have to pay their buys in~tbo presence of the Police Magistrate. This entailed tho necessity of bringing thorn into townj and he thought the certificate of any Justice oi the Peace to tho payment oiight to be sufficient. Tho Premier said that he could see no reason why tho Polynesians should bo brought into town for tho convenience of the P.M.. and he could see many against it. It waa'the province of tho P.M. to go aud 'boo tho boys paid. We also can soo many reasons against bringing tho boys iuto town to bo paid, and wo can seo very forcible objections ngaiust the P.M. being scut out. Very of them have the requisite time, and the expenses iucurred by their ' frequent ' journeys would bo more than the remuneration allowed them. In fact there is no reason why the P.M. should have his time wasted by such barrassing and potty duties eveu in his own offico. The truo remedy is that mentioned by Mr. Young, viz. — that, if thoy are paid before a J.P., Bis certificate should bo sufficient, ' During his stay hero Professor Pepper has every, night had the largest audiences wo,have ever seen, for a continuous season; in Mackay. Tbo front seats aro evwy night crowded, and tho back seats well filled.' On Thursday night there was a crowded house to witness tHB celebrated Pepper's Ghost Illusion, and it was greeted with tremendous rounds of cheering, aud groat mirth. Wo may remind our readers that this part of his entertainment will bo repeated at a matinci to be held this afternoon at three o'clock. Those, who havo children should not fail to take them to see and hear the Professor this afternoon. In the first place they will be thoroughly delighted and pleased, and, in the second place, they will havo their ideas considerably icxpended. To know that there ' are more things on earth than aro dreamt of in their philosophy is a very im portaut element in the education of young Australians, whoso prevailing idea' from the time thoy can walk is that what they don't, know is not worth knowing. The Gallery of Statuary is somethiug splendid iu the way of art. It ought to bo seen by overyone. Not only is it artistically of a very high order but it illustates, most perfectly, many, of those ''Dreams that the soul of- youth engage Ero fancy has been quelled ; Old legends of the saint and sage', Tales thatjhave the rhyme of age And chronicles of eld.' The regions of history and mythology have been carefully culled to find worthy subjects for tbo most beautiful representation. To conclude tho Professor in.all he does or says is always intensely interesting, and frequently very amusing. It is pleasing and soothing to tho conscience when ws can feel that wo are driukiug in instruction with entertainment. Not tho most skilled American compoundcr of mixed drinks could please the physical palate more than tho Professor does tho mental, while at the same time thero is the agreeable consciousness, in being present at his enter tainments, that wo are being edified and in structed. ? ? ' . A large aud fashionable audience assembled in tho School of Arts last Wednesday to wit noss tho play of ' London Assurance ' per formed by the Amateur Dramatic Club. We arc precluded from making any more particular reference to the entertainment farther than to say that a most deughtiul evening was spent. The meotiog was, for several good and suffici ent reasons, made an almost entirely private ono. Thoso present were the guests, by in vitatioo, of the Dramatic ' Club, nevertheless the gathering was' utilised by the presence of a contribution box. placed in. a corner of the room for tho benefit of tho Mackay District Hospital. . The sum contributed amounted to nearly £40, and this amount, with the Govern ment subsidy added, will form a very consider able, and very welcome aid to .the funds of tho institution. We note by advertisement that on im portaut Bale, of furniture, and other goods im ported by Messrs: H. and E. Bromberg by tho ' Hugo and Otto ' direct from England, will atko placo at an early dato' In the Hall of the School of Arts. From the discriptions wo havo already hod of these articles we have no doubt that they will be well aud deservedly appreciated of the Mackay public, and expect to sco a large attendance when Messrs. a. S. liawson and Co., the auctioneers for the occasion, submit Messrs. Bromberg's goods to tho hammer. Wo shall make further allusion to this important sale. Wb understand that the amount subscribed for the Christmas .Races is likely to tot up somewhere about £100. ThiB, with tho amount from gates, booths, entry mon'oy, and perhaps some added money Bhould bo sufficient to get up a tempting programme.' ' Wo should not wonder to see the century dxceedod in tho way of subscriptions. 