ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; i There la no change, nor any suggestion of chfcngej nt the Theatre Royal, other than a re presentation of flying. The flying lady is named a ."bee," and it is understood that the flying is on a new principle which is patented* end therefore h&a; feo be paid. for. The principle may be applied tp other, things than, bees;. thus when they get " The Tempest" again, Ariel may .he made to fly in this manner, and the effect may thereby beitaproredL Alnnthereia no change atthe Ppera^house. The perform^nce goes, if possible, better and 'better, and the Audiences show pp slackening Pithtt/'ih," nttrpbers or enthusiasm. It is efrWg wor1rr'hodoubt. on these hot nights, but when donate succeeding yon do not feel the trial of yom: Sttength lo mad. So that 'Madame Favart" is yet in ; the distance, ^as " La Fills," &c.;, draws fall ame„Fayart" wUl be only a It, will f tbjiis continue to be a in* Current conversation to ' say' A'dear little thing is Pattie La* Verne*'!and "What a jolly old soldier is llejrvift", god '' What an eameet- looking manisBtennir," and "What a grand <sea^ tdm;.'Aijwwqelo,? #»*, "What, g comical qoiz. Is old,Haywood," and "Whet jan httnting creature; Wallace Is/' and ^jWhat <a lively llttlfc thlng Jesele Grey is!" Thesil rtmhrks fln sp bteaks in eooreisa* 'tton, yptr< pidesanUy,<Md those: who have !»®h "J* i W half a dm flffie, ate Mnal te a great deal of critical epm* 1 ment, eVen if they have not previoiuly given eBb'sflvba to criticism. Arid now people _. Beginning to htfm some pf thenars. They doriothum them as they ham the &irs; In "i Pinafore*" hot still , they ham [them. :For eiampte,, "Fin a little Jehu" isa; gnat favourite, b^th because it is a»frry httis ' arfoand beeaoseSIisi Laverne sings itas If he' mibi herself into It. bpdy, spnl, and itieredcdetincluded. ! ■ ' iTbeperformanijet at 8b George's Hall are peming tP an end,' and the "company are hbderstood.to 'bp going to Sydney in a few flays. On Saturday the programme inclnded the comedietta of "The Bonnie-Fishwife,"-. and Mr, Leon played Maggie Macfarlane. ' J^ince Mis? Ellen Mortyn first introduced this ' quaint little trifle to as in 1858 to the present' time, there have been a good maiiy represents* '■ tivea of the character, the beat of whom, 1 bo far, at any rate, aa the, Scottish attributes were concerned,- was Miss Juno, who will. always be remembered as . one of the pleoaanteat of pleasant actresses ' It cannot ' but happen, therefore, that Mr. Leon don not compare favourably with- any one of these. Gonditibnally, hie acting is exceedi ngly clever, but it is clever pnly condi- . tionally, and it was hardly wise of him to appear in a part which could not but chaL Ienge comparisons. On Wednesday he took his benefit. Mr. Sweatnam's humour improves on every occasion on which there is opportunity to test - it. And it is humour quite of its own kind.., It is a rippling sort of humour, sparkling with sunshine, and like a winding beck in a green meadow plashing over pebbles, and circling in eddies against grassy , points. It iB full of unexpected little turns, but they are always clear and living, throwing back from their surface the colour of the skies above them. So that Mr. Sweatnam's humour never tires you, but comes as,a refreshing influence like soft winds, cool bnt babuy. Mrs. Lewis at the Bijou continues her conne right on with her little charges, the sucoess unbroken, and therefore the pleasure on both sides of the curtain unspoiled. And the writer of theBe lines has . thought well to see these children by day, and in their habit as they live. He finds them in good health and in good Bpirits, and quite contented with their work; devoted to their instractress, and Beemingly very happy. Since they have com menced the systematic Btndy of the business of acting under Mrs. Lewis, thephypical condition , of several of them has much- improved, and in . no instance, so far as he knows, has the study had a bad effect upon them. Amerrier little company he nfevter saw. He is assured that arrangements' are made by which they obtain ' sleep during the day equal to! Any loss of it they may experience in an evening. When , it iB remembered that nearly all the indooc . pastimes of children consist of dramatic repre sentations, it will easily be understood that the children who are being instructed by Mrs. Lewis, so far from regarding their duties aa ' work, enjoy them asplajr, and gothroughthem accordingly. The Bijou Theatre, in fact, is turned for the while into a gymnasium, only the gymnastic exercises are pot to a special use. In fact, they are applied as a business. ' The performances of the pleasant company : at the People's Theatre have continued daring 1 the week with a very considerable amount of satisfaction to the audience. The illusion principle has been applied in the ghost-form, the title of . the composition being " The Haunted House." The appliances are cleverly managed, and suggest an intelligent direction of the whole. On BatorSay tti&ht; then is to be a change in the^rqgmmma, by the first appearance in Melbourne of ,Mias Marion Willis, who has been playing for Borne time at Ballarat with a BnccesS which, jf one may judge by current opinion, is unquestioned. Miss Willis is understood to bring with hec " a full dramatic company." The entertainment at the Kitts Music hall secures a good share of public support It may not, indeed, be of the highest class, hot it is.good of its clasB, and merits recogni tion to that extent Mr. Verdi's farewell concert at the Town hall on Saturday night was well attended, and so it may be taken that his popularity ia something more than nominal. That he ia in favour with his fellow-workers in art i*uyy be concluded also, if one may jndge by tha number who assisted on the occasion, foe these included Signor and Signora Coy, Misa Palms, Miss Montague, Mr. Charles Turner,' Mr. Farley, Mr. Kowalski, Mr. Scherek, andL Mr. Zelman. And not only was there a good selection of music, both vocal and instru mental, bat everybody seemed to make that sort of effort to sing and play their best* : which alwayB ia made when the labour is a labour of love. Especially Miss Montague's singing secured everybody's liking,heoause it was not only earnest, thorough, and full o£ meaning, but because it instanced a voica naturally highly endowed, and artistically dis ciplined. In the instrumental section of tha programme Mr. Kow&lski;, as might be sup posed, stood out with partioular prominence,' and procured for himself so enthusiastic a re cognition as would have quite settled tha question of his populsrityif tb^iy had. been - apy sbi|t of doubt about If And it musi . also be mentioned that be took part with MrJ Scherek; ip a' duet for two instruments, and that thetombined effect of! thia'performancs *as vsry inspirjting. Mr. gchsmk, jt will ba remembered, was here some .time ago with hfadsme TJao. emj made, ju ha deserved to make,'many frigndt, " It h probable that Mr. Verdi Trill ooma back to Vittoria aftot he has.visited othek coAnttiae. Mcetpeopledo:coine!back if tha #*•» ^l^sWdng fpr thsm. end the %d ;Jb.;IYerdi, ot , "* • MWWibAi Lleciert&fel; jgta)' & gentle-' r njeuVoondert <m'MottdayevehIng at tha ■' Atbtoeami Jit lis almost •npirfladus to bay > tpa*; pverythiqt; - wpU dope. oltjsoha- r ®l|^l5^wS4iried nndec . •killed Shpbrvirtonr^ito hraSsStf^tonot only all thoroagh bht -thsy pos- ' seas enthnsiaem, and tasts' addodhlioato die- ■ cerpmpnt. bo that .^bather they a4«* whatia ; Able to the, excellence; -of m expression and - th* 6iUh ofaU ih^de^ ^mmdusntls ■ 'supply a good schoOl fortfcdileats to practfcaUy thelrnttAr^odbwhoia ' Tteant irt thp oqneettBiifikheMal Liedertafel must -infallibly -acquire a : honest, true, andoonect'Btyla. Soma young mneiciaus think that dAaband bril liancy are the principal re'quiBites for effect, and no doubt dash and brilliancy are excel-, lent attributes when employed by tboee who have worked long and earnestly to acquire power and accuracy, but to attempt :dasb and brilliancy before acquiring correct ness and precision only results in a blurred confusion. No doubt this high quality* of' classical merit possessed by this well established Bociety is due in a considerable measure to their conductor, Eerr Siede, whoBerare musical knowledge and unerring judgment render it next to impossible that any portion of a performance under his direc tion should be neglected. And it is equally clear that those who act under his command obey him, with that loyal willingness which comes from perfect trust The consequence is that the concerts of the society, whether they be of the whole Liedertafel qr they be limited to the masculine members of it, are always complete as far an discipline can > render them. The audience listed wiih a confidence which is unmixed with ^osbt, and although, as, a matter of cqqrae, they may; prefer one piece or one performer to another; ■ they are never disappointed with1 any. As a true fine art; music cannot but be advanced by Buch an association as the IjCelbpurne Liedertafel, and by consequence the common mind mnet be bettered. ■ 'v. On Wednesday night an amateur perform ance took place at the Temperance-hall, the object of the occasion beiqg the benefit of Mr. Prank Smith, who, it is understood, has deserved well of amateurs when they have given their services for charity performances. The drama of " Aurora Floyd," and the farce of "Who's to Win Eim," with a musical selection interleaved, represented the. bilk The drama was only dreary, and some of the actors frequently required the prompter^ help. Mr. Howard Dare, however, shdwed some good acting as John Mellish, Mr. M. A. Taylor made an energetic Steve Hargrave, Mrs. Warner looked surpassingly lovely as Aurora, and if .Miss. Ireland was not quite well fitted with. the part of Mrs. Powell Bhe showed how .well Bhe could try to adapt her self to it ■« Among the number of young ladies who assisted in the force, the one who played Hose is entitled to particular mention for her pleasing naturalness. Among the musical perf&rmers;, Mr. Bergin stood- out with conspicuous excellence, and Herr Wiesbaden, who played cleverly a solo on the zither, is probably the firet gentleman who has introduced that instrument to pnblic notice, and is-to-be thanked ac cordingly. Mr. Charles Sykes acted as pianist, and a. very fair band, directed by Mr. sweetman, .enlivened the intervals with agreeable selections.: The attendance was not crowded, but then We temperature was febrile. COMMUNICATED. [Correspondents who; are good enough .jto forward newspapers containing theatrical items. will njuch oblige, b/ marking those parages to iW^ch they deptre to direct atten tiph, and when cuttings..are enclosed, it is , desirable they should, nave attached to them the name of the paper 'from which they are taken, and the'date.], Mr. and ^Ura. Williamson returned to Mel bourne from .Tasmania on Monday last, and to-day they leave for Sydney, where Mr. Williamson contemplates producing "The Pirates of Penzance." By the last mail letten were received from MrTG. B. Allen, stating that within the next six weeks he and Mist Alice. May would be in Melbourne, and thai arrangements were being made for Miss Ma) to makeker reappearance in Australia In th< 'leading part in this newest work of Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan, • k Mr. and Mrs. Pedraton will take theii present leave of Melbourne on Wednesdaj next in a concept at the Town-halL Mr. and Mrs: Ferraton have for'some years been engaged as music teachers in the state schools of Melbourne; and they are'for the future tc live at Balhurat" They have made so manj friends in Melbourne that their leave-taking will be sure to bring together a luge throng. The benefit concert to Mrs. Howite will take place next Saturday at-the Town- hall. The feeling.of regard entertained for this ladyhas beenoondosively shown by the long list of thoto of her. o wnprofeaaion whohave expressed their willingness to'takepart on the occasion. And as Mrs: Howitz isaowell known to the public, and is liked as much at she is known, her' farewell appeatanee will be sure to be,the -occasion" fcia special de monstration. a in : t Cole's Circus opens on Thursday next - Sydney;.Jait. 26. " Ours," at the Royal, seems to have take a good hold of the pnblic hemi -> Atthe Gaiety, " Oailp"hascometo anenc and " Uncle", hat taken its pfetbeJ Ah usual Mr,. -P.: Marshall is<the vitalforoe of rth whole, , and with Miss Melroee, > who has - good opportunity of proving, what a clave actress one is becoming, hemakee the fon t ripple ahdeparkle all "the tiuto he is on th atsga--:. .. . " • • i ••:. •• .The >;■Opera-house hts .been' re-openedb Mr.'South /wlth'ian extravaganta having th title .bfiiPiKetb and 'Iieander." :lt is weal vapid, andioexpreesive, and the music, th acting,' and tiM Mngiiig are equal to the qitMi At tne Sdfaeolcf Arts.ou .Bathrday night I variety, ootqpsrv. hi which "little Miaq Veyioi sad that moat chdriuingilittie creaiuze^Am Hots ton., ate .<feetom;>7 made a oommenoi raent. >ltis;a wety eood'aiitoetairimaut ml it kind, andioughtitodowell. u. :-a rttlhn Tirnintwhwi hall fta iMindtiyitiirli an entertainment br the BamabGiab l^wi "Th.-Olicpuwn>.yji .Ih&II; tr. Tennyeons new classic drama. , \- „„„ .JMPM todtiw tidi lilhe enrtjifraoo-in 