$$TA POPULL By thb FiiANBtra. It isn't often that a boaatly bnglor roceivos a two column notico from a metropolitan journal, but I notice an ecclesiastical contemporary has just treated bandsman Yatos to this oxtromoly onvitiblo honour. Mr. Xates is tho gentleman who re cently quavrollod with hio broad and buttor by dosortinrfrom tho 'Bacchante,' sincl who almost. cauood a civil war between Sydney and a sister colony. He wan illognlly arrested — at least, tho best Victorian authorities cay so— and, after a very carof ul court-martial trial, sontonced to two yoars for stealing a M cornet. Thorpe got exactly tho same torm for lifting £2500, but ho had rich friends, and had timo and tho woathor per mitted ho had serious thoughts of ontoring the church as a sort, of Spurgoon opoutor. Yatos, howovor, wao not, quite so ambitious. Ho simply wantod to got married, and koop a public-houso. Vory truthfully the writer oi tho article in quos t.ion oays, 'Some vory obvious reflections are suggested by tho foregoing narrative' Unfor tunately, however, the reflections ho thon reflects aro not quito so obvious as some would think thoy were. For example, if; is first stated ' there is no pos sible excuse for tho numerous desertions from the royal navy.' Now, tho very fact, of theso dere lictions being numerous is sufficient to provo there must bo some very justifiable excuse, and it, io woll for tho writer lie has never beon ' before tho mast' with a Tartar captain. Onco let a commandor take a dislike to a seaman, and tho lifo of fclio latter is ono round of Dante's Inforno tortures. Ho has no escape until ho bouches shore, and even thon very litt,lo remedy. It is also said ' the sailor is fed, clothed, and housed, and allowed tho privilege of sooing tho world.' So he is, but this is very like tho remark of the Scotich farmer who paddoekod his cow on tho top of a barren hill and thon obBorvod ' Ay, wool, Eoosio — yo haven't ower muckle to oat, but Lor' bless nio conscience ye havo a braw old view of tho scsnory.' Tho sailor is fed, clothed, and housed — after a fashion — but the fact of theso matters boing docked fronrhis wages seems to bo lost sight of. At tho best of times thoro is novor more than an inch plank between ' Jack' and death ; his work is of tho BevoroBt and most dangerous kind ; and very ofton hio ' housing' consists in being lashed to tho wheel whilst tho wind and sea conspiro to tour him limb from limb. Considerable stress is laid on tho ' honourable uniform' which our tars arc ' pormilted to wear,' and tho fearful loss which tho colonies would suffer if H. M. ships of war wore withdrawn altogether. This is splendid talk in theory. It recalls the fact that ' Britannia rulos tho waves ;' although, as Toin Hood onco said, she might rule them a little straighter ; and it; conjures up moBfc refresh ing recollections of tho {\ng that braved a thou sand years, tho battle ancl tho breozo. Further more, it for tho moment effaces the memory of the insult offered by thoso boorish Boors who re fused to givo up thoso captured cannon ; ifc in duces uo to foolishly believe that Sir Joseph Porter of 'Pinaforo' is a poetic myth, and not, a reality ; and ifc also brings to mind that fearful vengeance inflicted on tho Solomon Island mur dorors by tho slaughter of acocoanut clump, and tho capture of ' one small niggah.' Seriously, of what earthly use beyond giving the girls a treat at a gubernatorial ball aro thoso gentlemen, who wear tho ' honourable uniforms ' alludod to, or how much protection do wo receive from tho guns of Britain's wooden walls ? Is it not a fad, that through the circumlocution blundering of the Downing-stroot fossils our squadron is about as much uso aa a painted fleet, upon a paintod ocean P Ig ifc nob a fact that l.lin lin.vfitr nirM-mov in i.l-f- V»nvi'.nv f.vnrln ?utfr*nlrl on ooon think of appealing to the man in the moon for help a3 ho would to England's thundors ? and could anything equal the humour of the First Lord of tho Admiralty, who, when speaking of tho recent island massacres, obr.orved it was tho duty of tho pooplo thoro to protoct themselves, and to report any outrage to tho missionaries, or the other authorities thon in charge. Whore the laugh cornea in is jupt hero. There was novor a missionary or any other authorized white within fifty miles of tho spot alluded to oinco the days of Julius Ctosar. British rule in our Soufchorn isles is simply a farco, and a thing at whioh tho cannibal king placoo his hand to his nose, ancl troata with all tho eontompfc imaginable Just now wo want plain undiluted facts, and not a column or two of gorgeous fiction. Look horo— a page from poor Mrs. Watson's Lizard Island diary :— ' Sopfc. 29th : Ah Loong tilled by tho blacks. Ah Sam found his hat.' (Tho niggers don't out lints.) 'Oct. 1st: Ah Sam npoarcd in »ovon placou.' Then tho same day this bravo woman writes : ' Bavr ton natives — got throo spears.' Thon a long blank. And now that gftllimt lady's blood erica aloud to Iloavon for vongoanco. Doivning-otroot ia, howovor slightly deal' in that, ear ; and besides it; hus to spend :i couple of wooko in chasing bandsman Yaf.eo, and capturing hio Courtoio cornet. Tho British lion io gradually waxing old and blind, ancl tho crows' already hold a mortgage on hia regal but, mangy form. ' Homo, Sweet Homo ' io now tho favourite tuno of tho Peer of Falconbridgo. Sir 'Enry is about, to visit his 'umblo 'omo in classic Brurmua gom, and to show to England's wondering gazo that, giant, intellect, which bought thai; Etruscan pot, and thon sent in the bill for ifc. I suppose the Southern ond of die world will still turn on when Henry loaves, but; it, will requiro a mighty dab from tho greaao pot. Says old Polonius— ' My honourable lord, I will moBt, humbly tako my leavo of you ;' and Mien the molanoholy Dane roplios, 'You cannot., sir, tako from me anything I will moro willingly part, with.' Many persons ' want to know you know' what causes this sudden stampede of all our Ministers and tho replies thereto are of tho most varied kind imaginable. Some, for instance, say Sir Honry longs for a quiet stroll amongst tho tombs of hia ancestors in Westminster Abbey, aftor which he will warble the ' Fra Poco ' and stab himself to the heart with a hair pin, a la the Montagu-Turner tonor in Donizetti's ' TVnlo. 'i Others assert ho simply -wishes to have a quiet chat with his old pala, Billy Gladstone, Jack Bright, Alf Tennyson, Fred Archer, Honniker Hoaton, O'Donovan Rossa, tho Jersey Lily, and other friends of bygone clays ; while a fevr moro givo out that he has composed an 'In Moraoriam' ode after tho ' Murmurs by Blackwnttle Swamp' style on poor old Dizzy, and wishes to recite tho samo ovor tho late Premier's grave in poroon. Quito a number also in cline to tho notion that tho present working of the Education Act, by Mrs. Bardwell has given Hal tho ' jim-jams,' ancl that ho intends to go afc onse to Eome and end his clays in a Benedictine Monastery; whilst moro aro of opinion that, ho in tends travelling round on tho showman plan with a hurdy gurdy, and a Kiaina Ghost diorama. However, he^is really off this timo ; so ion voyage. Two thoughts occur on looking over the above par. A Dublin man once did a little scribbling under the nom deplume of Junius. Ho -was what; tho ancient Egyptians termed 'hot property,'' and had ho lived in our days ho would bo picking oakum and gorging himself out with bran mash in Reid's hotel for pelting libels. Well about his timo there was a bifc of a ministerial ring under tho Buko of Graffcon's care, and after a rather successful innings Borne of those rulers thought they would tako a back seat,, or go for a change of air. This is what; Junius wrote just beforo thoy loft :— ' Away you go, leaving your country liko a cast-off: mistroBs, to perish under tho diseases you havo given her.' Junius would get about 15s a week on tho staff of the Sydney Morn hifi Herald, but wouldn't thoy tone down his copy ? Tho second thought is this. I havo lately read in a London journal that 'Our Mr. WaloB11 lately drove the 'Jersey Lily' on tho box of a four-in-hand drag to Ascot raeos, whilst his own wife had to stay at, homo ancl darn tho family linon. Now, if I did that, people would begin to howl about tho disgraceful conduct of the earth in not opening up ancl swallowing mo ; and my mother-in-law would also bo apt to expostulate fourteen times on the top of my hoad with a clothoF prop. What, I earnestly desire now is that some one who has tho ' Imperial Idea' craze will at onco bob up and contradict the above statement. I don't caro whether it's true or not, as I don't go in for lilies myself (tripo and onions boing more in my line), but I want that lot contradicted. Who's the man to do it. Dr. Remvick obsorvos ho feols it a very great honour to bo elected president of tho Sydney Hospital. Every ono to his taste I want to boss a lunatic asylum myself, or take charge of an other Kelly gang. But who is to pay for the usual Infirmary guzzloo, and whoro is tho ghost of tho man whoso ' voico went to a v/hispov and then ho died'? In a good-humoured way ono Mr. Thistle gave mo a bang laBt wook for alluding to Homer, Sophocles, Praxifcolos, Apollo.i, and Horatius Fluoous in tho ono broath. Now, the above are j- rough lot' of names, I admit, but Thistle must understand I didn't chrkton those ancient jokoro. If Praxiteles' mother had a high old noao, and gave her boy a string of names ao long an tho tail of a Darling Point bollo at a Lord Mayor's ball, what; on earth had I to do with it? I never read lompriero in my life— my taoto run ning more, on tho Newgate Calendar Oomboo on tho .Educational Policy of the Torre, del Fuogiano, and such liko easy leading ; but what I want Thistle and every ono olao to understand ia thio : tho parties I alluded to last week v/ero not personal friends of mine, neithor did they adver tise in tho IPrecmau's Journal ; but thoy were taught, encouraged, and hold in the highoofc repute by tho State first, and generous pafcronn afterwards. I want all hando to understand thio was done in tho benighted Pagan ago, and I want to know why wo consider a breed of piga io of more account than a breed of poets. Now, Mr. Thistle, just play to that lot. 