OUR IRISH LETTER. (From our Special Corrcsjjon lent) , Dublin, Deo. 17. 'The English .Press and the anti-Iriah Landlord Press of Ireland are doing their very beat to make people believe that. Ireland is in a very disturbed state, and that there is no efficacious remedy for this etato of things but coercion. ' Suspend the Habeas Corpus Act, proclaim the whole country i under martial law.' These are the remedies recommended, to paoify Ireland and to make the people happy and contented. My memory is able to carry me back for half a century, and I say without fear of contradiction, that I never recollect Ireland to have been more peaceable or freer from any serioxi3 disturbance than the coun try is at present. You might travel from Cork to Sligo, through what is called the disturbod part of the country, with as much safety as you could through tho streets of Sydney in the middle ? of any day in the week. It has been asserted over and over again that Ireland has never been in such a dangerous and disturbed state since 1798, when the people were driven by cruelty and persecution into partial insurrection..'. There is no argument so strong as that supported by facts, and here are official statistics which prove my assertion. In 1'833 there were 172 homicides in Irelaud, in 1845 there wore 137, in 1846 there wero 176, and in 1849 there were 203. The years from 1846 to 1849 were periods of. distress, and consequently of eviction, which Mr. Glad stone very properly defined ^'sentences of starvation and death.' Now we 'have had the years of 1878, '79, and '80 nearly as bad as the years from '46 to '49, and during' the last twelve months there havo been only : five homicides ; yet the English press ,. and the' landlord reptile press of Ireland. ; would make the world believo that the country is in a most dangerous stato, and they suggest as the. only remedy Coercion, Suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act, and Martial Law. ;It was stated in some of the English papers a few weeks ago that Waterford was in an alarming. Btate, on the very verge of insurrection, that every man in town and country was armed with revolvers and rifles. The Mayor of Water ford gave this statement a most positive contra diction.; yet it was taken no notice of by the English papers, which published the manufac tured lie. Judge Barry opened the winter Assizes at Waterford only a few days since, and he cannot find a single serious case on the calendar 5 and what is still more remarkable, in Tipperary, tho headquarters of murders, man slaughters, and agrarian outrages, there is only one case of manslaughter, which arose out of a . row with a bailiff, who received a blow of a stick and died from its effects in about three weeks after. There is no concealing the fact, that tho Land League agita tion has made the most astonishing progress. It has established ifceelf even in the black North, where the Catholic priest and the Orangeman stand side by side on the platform, to declare that they -will not submit to bo rack-rented by an idle spendthrift class or landlords wno talco every thing and give nothing, and who leave their un fortunate tenants to starve during a bad season, or to be fed by the charity of other nations. The landlords see now that their day is doomed, that their power to crush their unfortunate 3orfs of tenants is irrevocably gone ; the people are bonded together in such a way as they never were before, and as Mr. O'Connor, the member for Galway, said in his lecture before an immense English audience, when he was cheered to the echo, 'The Government may pour in her fifty thousand troops into Ireland, they may put Parnell and his colleagues on their trial, suspend the Habeas Corpus Act, do this, that, and every thing they can, yet all the mighty forces of this great empire cannot restore life to the departed ghost of Landlordism.' The landlords in Ireland know that their power to extort exorbitant rents ia gone for ever. The sad experience of tho last two or three years has taught tho people a lesson, and the Land League has pointed out fche simple means by which a recurrence of periodical famines in a country teeming with abundance can bo pre vented. Let all unite and resolve to pay no rents above Griffith's Valuation, which is considered the full value of the land, allowing the tenant or cultivator of the soil a fair remuneration to sup port himself and family. If that rent be refused by the landlord or his agent, let him do his best ; he cannot evict every tenant on his estate, and if he does, the land will lie idle and Will LUUUUUo liUUIltug. J-lvu iikj LX±tbix I'Ciiwt: a it&i; in from which a tenant ha.8 been unjustly evicted, and if ho does, look on him as a land- grabber, and ' Boycott ' him. ' Boycotting ' is now a term used for cutting a man off from all intercourse with his neighbours, and is as well .understood in England, Ireland, and Scotland, as any word in the English language.. These are the simple means suggested by the Land League to be used by tho people for the proteation of themselves and familied, and they are now, I may say, universally adopted throughout the whole of Ireland. The Boycott expedition from the North ended in a complete farce. After three weeks of great misery and suffering by the army and police, during which they had to camp out under alternate rain, snow, and frost, the potato diggers returned to their homes under military and police escort without anyone taking the slightest notice of them. The Government fully expected that there would be a rising of the peasantry of the West, to resent the insult offered by the Orange men of the North, and every precaution was taken and arrangements made by the Government for tho emergency. They had five thousand soldiers aides I don't know how many police. Those were immediately in attendance on the potato diggers. They had also drafted into Ireland about forty thousand military stationed in different parts of the country, all ready for action within one hour's notice, but tho peasantry of Ireland are now better educated than they were half a century ago ; they are determined not to commit them selves by any vielation of the law; they will stick to the ' Boycotting,' which is the most effectual remedy ever yet adopted by tho people of Ire land for the redress of their grievances. Captain Boycott has quitted tho country, never to return ; and his last act was to ask the Gov ernment for £6000 compensation for giving up a place which ho could not continue to hold, aa no person would work for him or supply him with the necessaries of life. Mr. Gladstone very pro perly reminded him that tho Government had already done a great deal for him (the potato expedition and its military parade will cost the country nearly forty thousand pounds), and ho could not see on what grounds ho sought for compensation. The State trials aro fixed to commence on the 28th instant. An application was made by tho traveraers' counsel to postpone the trials till the end of January, as Parliament will bo opened on the 6th of January, when the State trials will be going on, and as it has been officially announced that the Irish difficulty will be tho first to be dealt with, it would be of tho greatest impor tance that Messrs. Parnell, T. D. Sullivan, and the other Irish members, who will be on their trial about tho time appointed for tho opening of Parliament, should be present in the House at tho discussion and settlement of the most important business for Ireland that has ever been brought before an English parliament since the passing of the Emancipation Act. Every one of course sees through this little dodge on the part of our liberal (?) Government. It will bo very convenient to have Messrs. Parnell and four other very active Irish members away during tho discussion of the Irish difficulty. When the Chief Justice was asked in his place on tho bench to postpone the State trials, he completely forgot himself and his position, and used language in condemnation of the traverses which the late Judge Keogh in his most violent fits of passion could not have surpassed. Only think of the judge who is to preside at the State trials condemning the accused before the trial comes on. Such conduct, even in a judge, should not be tolerated in a free country, and yet such is the fact under the British consti tution in poor misgoverned Ireland. Another fact or two in connection with the State trials will show the animus of the Government, and how determined they are to secure a conviction. In selecting a jury in a case of ? such importance as the one in question, forty-eight names ai*e selected by ballot out of the whole jury list. The Government have tho right to strike off the list twelve of tho names, and the counsel for the traveraers can strike off twelve more, reducing the list to twenty-four, and from this list twelve are selected by ballot to act aa the jurors to try the eases. The Government, struck off the names, ail Catholics to a man. In the selection of the final list of twelve, one Catholic, a Mr. Macken, a most respectable shopkeeper, was amongst the number. Only two days ago a man dressed in plain clothes went into his shop and asked Mr. Macken if he would sell him some lead. Mr. Macken very naturally aaked his customer for what purpose he wanted the lead, and tho reply was to make bullets. Mr. Macken told him that he had no lead for that purpose. Tho man gave him some impertinent answer, when Mr. Macken threatened to hand him over to the polico, and was about to do so when it turned out that this man was sergeant of police from Athloy, Co. Meath, and begged of Mr. Macken not to say any more about it. To make this very extra ordinary conduct of a Bergeant of police intel ligible we should bear in mind that the Govern ment on the day the State trials will commence have tho power of objecimg to any of the twelve men selected for this special jury, if they can show reasonable cause why he should not be on tho jury ; bo that if Mr. Macken had sold this sergeant tho lead to make bullets it would be brought in evidence against him on the day of trial, and his name, the only Catholic on the jury list, might be struck off. All honest-minded men will say such conduct is a disgrace to any nation boasting of a free constitution, and if such things happened in any other place but in Ireland, the British press would raise a howl of indignation against any government which would even connive at such low and unjustifiable means to secure tho conviction of the most notorious out laws, even your own ' Kelly gang.' Dec. 23rd. 1 had the above written to forward by the last Melbourne mail, but there were such extraor dinary rumours of a great uprising of the people in Ireland, and such protracted sittings of Cabi net Councils that I waited to see the result. It all ended in a bottle of smoke, except the sending of additional troops to Ireland. England has now more soldiers in Ireland than she had in tho Crimean war, and all this with tho object of ' vindicating the majesty of tho law,' that is, protecting a few landlords in their nefarious work of exterminating the peopje from their homes and their country. There is not the slightest fear of any general outbreak in Ireland. The resolve of the people to hold to the land and not to be driven homeless on the world is intense and universal. They are ready and willing to pay fair rents, but never again to submit to bo rack-rented ; the League has thoroughly organised them, and I am happy to say that the priests, with few exceptions, have joined the League and will be the means of keeping the people within pro per bounds. If tho people maintain their present determined attitude and keep within tho law no power on earth can prevent their final triumph. Back-renting, evictions, bud landlordism are things of the past. Before the end of the year 1881 the tenant farmers of Ireland will bo as f roo and independent us any in the world ; they will have their farms at fair rentp, no fear of disturb ance, with the right to purchase the foe 3implo of their farms at a fixed valuation— all this will be the happy result of the Land League agitation. Tho lawyers in Dublin will have fine times of it after Christmas. The law costs on the Govern ment side of this State prosecution will be at least from twenty to thirty thousand pounds ; the law costs for the defence will not be lesg than ten to fifteon thousand. Tho Parnell defence fund has already amounted to £10,000. The Bishop of Goulburn sent his five pounds to tho defence fund, and I see Gympio, in Queensland, has sent over £90 for the same object. The Irishmen in Australia were never yet behind in aiding any good work which could como under tho name of patriotism or religion ; Faith and Fatherland has been their motto all over (ho world. I see also that Australia has bo-.'ti tho first to make an offering worthy of Our Lady's holy phiine at Knock — a Virgin's altar, ' the gift of Australia, through the Very Eev. P. DunnOj' has been pre sented and accopted by the Venerable Arohdoacon Cavanagh. The altar haB been oxhibitod at Mr. Kearney's, the maker, 22 North Earl street, Dublin, and is being much admired for its chaste beauty. A printed card will bo hung up at tho altar, asking the pious prayors of all pilgrims for the donors of this most appropriate and beauti ful gift. His Lordship the Bishop of Goulburn, , . , accompanied by the Very Eev. P. Dunne, with ono or two priests and some young ladies for tho - convent of the diocese, have arranged to sail :: by the Norfolk from London, on or about tho ? . ; 20th of January. The Norfolk calls at Wolling- . . ton, New Zealand, and then proceeds to Sydney. Mr. King, the representative of Louisiana, will propose the following resolution in tho lower house of American Congress, and tliero is 110 doubt but it will be carried, as Mr. King is a leading member of the Foreign Affairs Com mittee :—' Whereas, tho United States have observed regretfully the unhappy condition of . Ireland, and wheroas her Britannic Majosty'8 Government seoms unablo to fulfil its normal governing duties of affording protection to lifo and property in Ireland. Therefore, it is resolved that the Secretary of State should bo instructed to inform I her Britannic Majesty's Government ; that it. is| highly expedient reforms should be introduced immediately tending to the permanent pacification of Ireland, and bo prosecuted in a kindly, considerate,; and pacificatory spirit.' This is a very significant hint to England, and, is very hopeful for poor Irelahd. 