Local News. It Is notified in the Government Gazette that the Land* Commissioner's Court shall be held at thejLanfl Office, ' Mack ay, the second -Thursday in jAagoat, 1881, and every alternate month afterwards. The -:Coart will therefore b-e held tomorrow. 4 ! The following gentlemen have been created Magistrates of the Territory The Hon. Harold Finck-Hatton, Mount Britton, Nebo ; John Harney, Bolingbrook,' Mackay; John Geoffrey OjConnell, Mackay. The following should furnish a good text for Mr. Allen, and should also open the eyes of Government as to the kind of immigrants wanted, at Rockhamptoa at least. The Bulletin says s — Th# Immigration Wardsman. Mr. Bcasley, reports that three single men were engaged yesterday at 10s. per week, two single girls at 6s. and two at 10s. - Snch is the demaud for labor in that district that single menicannot earn more than single girls, and will, undoubtedly be worse housed, worse fed, and have to endure many discomforts 1 ? The Argus Df same date,- gives farther informa tion, as follows : — Many other engagements were, made outside the depot, of which the superintendent has no record ; and about half a dozen single men were ordered to leave the depot, they having refused to accept the enrrent rate of wages for station work (£30 a year and rations.) Agricultural laborers, or shepherds can make more than that at homo, where also; they can live more comfortably, and enjoy the [benefits of social existence. And yet we are to have 4000 more of this class landed on our shores within a year. It is a crying ahame. Ooa , Townsvillo correspondent wires ns that on Saturday last a most destruotiye fire took place, in Flinders-street. Morrison's Hotel, Allen's store, and 'Witham'a bakery 'have been burned to the ground, and nothing saved. The fire brigade proved ntterly useless. The damage is estimated at £3.000, an estimate which, knowing the place, we believe to be considerably nnder the mark. Professor Pepper, famous principally from the ' ghost ' and other optical illusions which he first invented, is now in Queensland, giving a series of j 'Science Festivals ' snch as he jave at the Royal Polytechnic Institution .in London. He will visit Mackay in due tnrn, and, of course, there will be great interest felt to see and hear the world renowned Pro fessor Pepper. The want of more police Is becoming evi dent everyday. as the town increases in size. Mackay has now a population of about 3000 people, and there Is only one sergeant and four constables to keep the peace. We do not assert that the town is more rowdy or not better looked after than many of our Southern towns, for it is quite the contrary. On Satur days, however, when there is a concentration of poople from the outside districts, the pub lio nouses are apt to be visited a1 little freely, and ethe result is that sober citizens are sub jected to annoyances which wonld be consider ably lessened if we had an additional two or three policemen. We have been fnrnUhed with a prospectus of the 'Australian Trans-continental Railway Syndicate,] Inmited, incorporated on May 18, 188L' Tho preliminary survey capital is £16,000 in 160 shares of £100 each, all sub scribed and paid in full, with power to Increase to £3,000.000 or upwards, if necessary. Tbe. directors of the syndicate, which is composed of abont sixty members,' are as follows : — The right boni the Esfl of Denbigh, Cromwell Honse, London } Majnr-Generaf the hon. W. II. A Fielding. Sloane-street, London ; Mr. Jacob L. Montefioro, director of thie Queens land Investment Compauy, Old Broad-street, London ; Mr. E. R. Drury, general manager National Bank of Queensland, Brisbane ; Mr. Frederick Braby, Cathcart Honse, 8outh Ken sington, London-; MK Robert Campbellr direc tor Ul bUD LUUU Ul ? AUlbrUU, IWBUUli . Park; Mr. William Duncan, director of the Agra Bank, Gloucester Terrace, Hyde Park, London; Mr. T. W. Meates '(Messrs. Matbe son and Co.), Loitbird-street, London'; and Mr. Thomas Archer, Grace inero. Rockhamp ton, Queensland. . The agents of .the company io London are . Messrs. Mitheabn and Co , Lombard-street, Tho 'bankers, the London and Co inty Bank, London ;*and the National Bank of Queensland, Brisbane. Tho solicitors, Messrs. Henry KimCer and Co., Lombard street, Loudon; and tbo consulting engineers, Mr. G. B. Bruce, member of the Council of the lustitate of Civil Engineers, and Mr. F. W. Fox, C.E. Mr. Sydney Montefiore is tho secretary, :and tho offices are at 60, Old Broad street, Loudop Among other tenders, ~the Postmaster General calls for offers for carrying the mail to and from Bowen and ! Mackay, via Now SUsOn, Uiencoe, lien i/mimiuu, umuuii ? vrtuu, Crystal Broek, Happy Valley, Brorahy Park,. Blnonisbury, Ht. Helen's. Joliinount, and Cook's Station, by honw, ouco a'week, for one, two, or three years. We sincerely trust that /.ur European mail will uot continue to bo lauded at Bowen and forwarded to us by this route.' [Hie interests of the holders of atation* and settfers on tho r-»ad arc entitled to due coiisidcration, but so is that of the in habitants I of Mackay. We commend this mutter of j the lauding of our English mails at Boweu to ihe attention of Mr. Hume Block. In connection with .the carrying of Mr. Hume il lack's amendment; on -the 'Criroinsls Expslsionj Bill,' the Evangelical standard makes tlioToliowing remarks 'Tho knight is just as jietulaut as the commoner was. oud the clMNge from* plain Mr. Palmer to the high sounding title of Sir Arthur Palmer has had no effect oh his mode of conducting business in, tlio- Assembly. On Wednesday a measure was uuder|discusaion, havink for its object the previmtinn of a criminal influz from New Caledonia.! Into this Bill tbo Column! Sesro tary put clauses 'most striugent, harsh, and unjust that bore on criminals who hadjseryed their t-cntcnco of imprisonment in another colony. Bccaase the House would not have these, although the members were at one with Sir Arthur on the main provisions of tbe BUI, like a spoilt child he got into a temper and hinted that he. would withdraw the measure. If this is done, we hope some other member, say the loader of the „ Opposition, will take up Sir Arthur's Rill,} eliminate from it the objec tionable matter, and then get it passed, and so secure the colony from visitors from New Caledonia. Perhaps -by .' Tuesday tho Goloni&l; Secretary will be wiser and accept the position Let us hope that reflection will teach him his foiiy.; -i : In our description of the trial of the loco- motive on the River Estate, which we pub- lished in onr last issue, a typographical error crept in, by which the engine was described as a 2½-inch cylinder instead of a 5½-inch cylinder. The annual report of . the Queensland National Bank is to-handmnd it is a moBk satis factory. one, but we are unable, and have been unable fox' one or ~ two issues to give it particular notice. . We intend doing so^ how ever. An advertisement in to-day's issue notifies that a branch of this Bauk is now open In Mackay for tbe. transaction of business, and, apartfrom other considerations, it is always well for customers when there iB some competition. A banking monopoly, or such an opposition as permits of collusion is not good for a place which is trying to rise against difficulties. We therefore welcome this addition as giviog inoreased facilities for tho transaction of financial business, and as being likely to get many trustworthy men from nnder their superincumbent difficulties. When banks come to court the favors of the pablio it is a very good sign of the place. They generally want to be courted themselves. When the community Is ' hat in hand ' to a money corporation, or to corporations, the sorew is sure to be put on, b'ut when moneyed corporations are soliciting — hat in band — the favors of the community it is a remarkably , good sign, and worthy of note. GovBBNHRjf . Savings Bank. — Return of operations, for the Month of July, 1881 : — New accounts open, 708;/ accounts closed, 321 ; increase in number of aocounts, '387; number of deposits, 4923 ; number of with drawals, 1791 ; total sum deposited, £562003*., 3d ; total sum withdrawn, £43,779 16s 7d ; amount to the credit of 18341depositors on the 30th June, 1881, £809,602 7s. 6d ; amount to the ^Credit of 18723 depositors on the 81st July 18S1, £822,337 19s. 2d ; increase for the Month of July, £12,735 lis. 8d. Wb give as fnll reports of the meeting of the Municipal Council, and the lioneer Divisional Board as is possible in onr limited space, and the resnlfe is that people, both in town and country, record with ua their complaints. A very reasonable one has been lodged with rega'rd to the Divi sional Board. The crossing for drays at Plane Creek Is, at present, a very difficult one— dangerous to the lives of the men driving or riding — and also very dangerous to the horses or bullocks attempting to^do the work. This is the main read to Broad sound and Rockbamnton and there are cedar, and other logs in the way, as well as other obstructions in getting into the creek. If these obstructions were removed, and the banks of the creek cut down, drays and horsemen could cross comfortably, . It would cost very little money to make this crossing practicable, and the estimable Clerk of WorkB, Mr. Binney, should take a ride round the outskirts of the Division, and report so that there may be no excuse for scoffers saying that all the money at the command of tho Board is sonandered for the benefit of suhar Dlanfc^ru and none spent for outsiders. The time is now also at hand when most of the settlers in the neighbourhood will be applying for certi ficates of fullfillmeut of conditions on selec tions, and tbe wont of a fair crossing on the creek will prove a great draw bauk to their progress. A bridge is, we believe, to be constructed over Plane Creek, bat, in the meantime it might be as well to make. this crossing available for traffic by doing a very little work. Tho Board have a considerable amount of fnnds available for work^ and they should see that all parts of the Division get their dne share. V The Rev. A A. Maclarexi, went SontH by the B. I. S. N. Co's steamer Dorunda on Saturday last. He intends being absent for a fortnight from the date of his departure, and, meantime the regular church services are: be- ing read by the Church- wardens. The Townsvillo Jetty Petition to which1 we referred io onr last leader waa crowded out at the last moment, but it appears In to-day's issue. The article would not have been written had we not believed that the petition conld have appeared simultaneously, how ever, onr readers can jndge for themselves of tho coot assnmption and impertinence dis played by those who conld. get hp, or sign such a document. Wb desire again to call attention to the important sale of fancy goods, aod works of art which takes place in the School of Arts to-day and to-morrow. The sale commences to-day at half past two o'clock, and to-morrow at half past eleven We have had a oareful look over most of tho articles to be sold, and can conscientionsly say that onr desire wonld be to buy them alL There is a'splendid opportunity afforded for procuring ornaments, or works of art, and those who can afford to indulge in snch luxuries should not neglect this ohauce. The sale of allotments and lands made last Saturday by Mr. George Smith was very successful, and the lots brought con siderably higher prices than those got at the last sale of the same description: The tide of prosperity, at present, seoma'to 'ibe setting towards Maokay, and there seem to be men who aro determined not to neglect this tide. It is not necessary to quote either Shakes pcare— or Byron's addition — to illustrate ourmeauing. 'There Is a tido in tho affairs of men' is.cao enough, and men who can understand this will not negloot the tide. * The opening of tho District Coo'rt yesterday morning was abont the most ridiculous travestio on tho dignity of an 'honorable Court' wo over witnessed. Among other things somewhere about half a dozen jurors did not answer to their names, and only in one case coold the bailiff provo the sorvioo of the citation. Even tbon ho could only -testify to the fact that Mr. William Phillips had acknowledged to him that ho had received the summons. Mr. Phillips was lined £3, but it being impossible to prove sorvice of a summons, tbe olhor recalcitrant jurors could not be fined. Tub attention of tho public is direoted to to tbo fsut that a meeting iu connection with Mr. Jarvis' distillery acbome will be hold in the Oddfellows' Hall, ou Friday next, 'at eight o'clock. The children's fancy dross and oaliuo'ball comes off. on Friday evening noxt. N« apooial inoctiug of the Council has i as yet been arranged to meet Mr. Hume Black, jut it is nrcibable that au interviow may take place to-uay or to-morrow. Mr. CuarIsKS Kbkmt was. last night, elected Liouteuaut or tho local Company of Voi 'lunb era, in the room of Mr. J. C, Binney, resigned. ? . A GXNTI.BB1AW who bos reoenlly made the trip between Australia and England, on board oho of the steamers of the . Queensland Royal Mail Bervieo, sends us speoitaeus of tho bills of fare provided on board. A set of these wo re produce for the information of intending- Toy tigers i— Bbeakfaet : Salmon croquette, mutton chops, grilled, ham and peas, iri*h stew, grilled bonce, minced beef sausages and potatoes, liver and bacon; curry and riee ; cold beef, mutton, ham; tea, and coffee! : . Tifkn : Hot— Braised sheep's head, oyster vol an vent, potato' chops, maccaroni and cheese, stowed pippins and rice, anchovy toast j jCold— salmon, prawns, cold beef', mutton, bam. potted meats ; pumelone, plums, cherry jelly, lemon ice creams. Dinner: Soup — turtle ; Entrees — chicken cutlets and peas, fillets of beef and mushrooms ; Joints — ? roast mutton, stoWedbeefroastturkeyandbam; Vegetables— roast and mashed potatoes, aspar agus ; Curries — chicken and oyster j Sweets — cherry vul au yeut, obecss cakes, almond pastry, plum pudding, jeilv and blanc mange; Dessert coffee. — if. Bulletin, ] The Peak Downs Mines.— It is gratifying to leant tbat'theletreom of foreign capital now Sowing into the') country ia'aboTuf to reach the h»telj-oeglected mining district of Peak Downs. The old copper imine, which never need have been closed but jfor gross mismanagement, in Sydney, has been: worked for three years on a tentative scale oy a small company comprised ot Clermont! Copperfield; and Rookhampton share holders, who put £10,000 into the *venture rather than see ^abandoned what they were confident was a good property. By this means the mines and all its appliances hare been pre served from serious dilapidation, end nucleus of a staff of skilled miners has been kept to gether witbont'^actual loss of money; It has been already mentioned in this journal that Dr. Robortson, representing an English syndi cate, was on a tour through the mining districts of the North, of which he reported most favour ably to bis principals, and that they are fully prepared to invest capital largely, in mining enterprise in lb boclus, uuireYer, that since completing bis Northern tour Dr. Robertson has been induced to pay the Peak Downs a visit, and tbe result is that on Tues day, in Brisbane, - he provisionally accepted an offer mado by Messrs. W. G. Jackson: and H. H. Thompson — two of the Peak Downs Copper Mining Company's direotors— of the entire pro-* porty of the company. Tbe price will, we understand, return to the shareholders their original capital in cash, with something addi tional towards the accrued interest; or they will be .allowed, df they so desiro, to join the new proprietary in carrying on the cine with rentwed vigour, jln another year probably the railway will be opened to the mine, when the : copper produced! will be delivered in port at one- third tbe average cost incurred when the mine was so profitably worked a few years ago by. the Sydney oompany. No. doubt is enter tained of the ratification ,of Dr. Robertson's agreement ; and as all thie applianoes for work are ready, there is every reason to hope that in a few months the old mine will again produce copper in large quantities. — Courier. 'Veno ' in the Morning Bulletin has tho following sporting news:— On Thureday and Friday next' the. ITownsville Turf Club hold their annual meeting. The only nomination from Rockbampton — Tbe Rake — has been acratohed, so with the exception of the Mae kay horses, the local contingent are likely to havo It all their own way. On paper there is nothing I fancy so much for the double as Mr. Purcell's Forerunner. . From all accounts the youngster is a clipper, but having developed a ' leg' last season, his trainer may find it difficult to bring j him to the post in hi* best form. He is by ;Kolpie out of . Fairy Queen, and being now a .four-year-old, his weight— 7st. 6lbs. in the Town Plate, and 7sL 31bs. in tho big money— should not stop him. The Queensland Turf Club have decided on holding their Spring Meeting on Wednesday and Thursday, the 9th and 10th November. The programme is not to hand, but will be reviewed in -*ny ioext The Rake has been scratched for bis ! Hawkesbury and Rand wick engagements. The Charters Tbwers 'Handi caps continue to attract some attention among the betting fraternity, and Mr. Morris Harris has booked a good many doubles - during the week, at the current rate of odds. Among those written aro — Ace and Aco, Mariner ana Marirfer, Wrangler and Wrangler, Forerunner and Forerunner, Talleyrand and Talleyrand, Talleyrand and Ace, Talleyrand and Mariner, Ac., and many of the foregoing with other horses. ????''? i Lbpbosy at Vegetable Creek.— A China man was fnnnd, in the early part of the week suffering from this terrible disease in its second stage: Immediate steps were taken to isolate him from his countrymen, and be is now receiviog every ettention; — Wanoick Argus. ? j i The following; entries have been received for Walker Whisky Trophy : — E. 0. Lay cock, Charles Reynolds, AYilliam Trickett, O. Messenger, J. C. Laycock, T. Edwards, Henry Pearce, Michael Rush, Macdonald, Power, 8hopherd, G. Priddle, R; Wing, W. Greenland, R. Edwards, S. Edwards, and Hearn. The Trophy will be competed for on the 5th, 7th, and 9th of September. Mb. A. MesTON, M.L.A.. (says the Courier) has entered an action ^ tor £2U0U. against the proprietors andE publishers of the 'German paper the Nord: Australuehe Z+itung, the canse being libels said to he contained in tbo lost two issues of that paper. The writ was issued and counsel retained on Tuesday. Hazardous work running newspapers these times. ' Whose turn next? The Ipswich Election.—' There are now three candidates fin the field to fill the vacant seat for Ipswich.. The latest is Dr. Carr-Boyd. The chances of his election are regarded in Ipswich .ia remote, and in his address to the electors, the doctor describes himself as a thorough Liberal, though not tied to Mr. Griffith! He feels tied, however, by 'a certain thing called political principle,! which seems to be sadly overlooked In these days of ours.' He guosi in for triennial Parliaments! an eleotive Upper House, and payment of members. Finally, he pledges himself to accept no office nnder the present Goveriiment. Wo nave a shrewd suspicion that the tempta tion will never he put in the doctor's Way by tbe present Government.— Telegraph. Mn. Marous Glabkb.— We. regret to learn from our Melbourne to'egrams, That Mr. Marcus Clarke, tho sub-librarian to the Mel bourne Public Library, is dead. Mr. Clarke bos for many years past been known as one of (bo most accomplished of Australian; litera* teurt. By birth; ho was an Englishman, and wa* a nephew of the late Judgo Clarke. He came to the .colonies whilo bat ai routh, and obtainod a situation tn tho Bsnk of Aus tralia Tbo desk however was little' to his taste, aa& after remaining in the bank a few months, ho loft it; and became attached to the literary s?uff of the Argus and Autlrdlasion, and in oonneotion with the latler.jonrnnl he ouhliNhed a scries of papers entitled., 'The Poripatetio Philosopher.' » These were. «o full of dry humour, so ! caustic, and so truly depictive of tbe stale of sooiety in Viotorie as it then exisfed, they mado the name of their -uthor famous I throughout the Southern colonies, and secured for him a reputation, fiubsrpuently Mr. Clurko published a powerfully written novel 'His National Life, a story founded on the [old copvict records of Van Dirmnns Land, j This, work is well known, aud has been translated into more than one continental langusgo, an honour ' not often accorded to tbei productions of Australian authors, About 'six years ago tho deceased gentleman was appointed to the oneroue and responsible post of assistant sub-librarian to the Molbourno Publlp Library, and aftorwards ho was promoted to the pon of Sub-librarian, an ofileo for which hialitororr, and bibliological tasted admirably fitted him. Iqhis spare hours (for bo was a niostdiliguut worker) ho contributed many articles to tho general nowspapor press, as woll as to Melbourne PuneV the Vietorian Review, and othorj poripdfouli. Personally Mr* Clarke was of moat gonial and kindly disposi: tion.. Inolined to be a* Bohi-miun, he never forgot that lfe was a gai)tlemun, and hit loss ?will bo regrtted by a very large oirolo of friends and fellow workers. Hn was but 34 years of I ago when he died] and leaves a widow and Bovcrul young children. J , The enterprising A'«o York Herald . has transcended itself. .Not content with ) being' sometimes half the size! of cha whole Bible its' own somowhat. egotistic comparfsonE lately it a'ctually printed the whole of the revised version of the New Testament. *4 Courier. ;' Another Libel Action. — The cry is still they come. : The Western Star is the news paper which has on this occasiou been1 made the recipient of the unwelcome, writ. ; The plaintiff in this case is Mr. Samuel Stewart, whom a correspondent of tho Star referred to in his quality as chairman of the Wallutnbilla Divisional Board in terms which Mr. Stewart regards as libellous. The proprietors have published their regret at the remarks objected to having appeared in their paper, and point out with justice tbe difficulty editors often have in deciding whether their correspondents' .letters are always to be relied on.— Telegraph. 