A GHOST AT NOONDAY. ' Wo liave received (says tlio Pall Mall Gazette) the following extraordinary narrative from a correspondent for wliose good faith and professional acuteness of observation we can vouch. He substantiates his story with full details of dates, names, and places, which, however, for the sake of the survivors, he does not wish to he published. Without any further preface, ivo lay his letter before our readers :—As my wife and I were sitting at breakfast with a guest whom I will call Mr. A.—then on a visit for the first time to our house and neighborhood—our maid-servant passed out of the room on her way to tho kitchen. As 6hc closed the door Sir. A. startled me by saying, " I saw a spirit of a man following that woman, who, as ho passed, said distinctly in my healing, ' God judgeth not as man judgeth. I was innocent of the murder for which I have been hanged. I was there, but I did not strike tho blow.'" " "What is it like?" I asked. He replied by describing a voting Irishman whom I recognised at onco as the husband of my Jomo3tic( who a year or two before had been executed on the chaige o£ murder. JJ r. A., a complete stranger to tho locality, had only met me for the first time two days before, and hewus totally ignorant of the crime in which my servant was so deeply interested. For obvious reasons the subject was never alluded to in our household, where the widow was regarded with feelings of sympathy, which led us to avoid as^ much as possible all reference to her husband's fate. I had previously good reason to doubt whether the evidence against him justified his execution. He had died protesting his innocence. His wife and friends were firmly convinced that, although ho had been iu the fight, it was not by his hand the fatal blow had been dealt. In addition to this, I had good reason to believe that the real murderer was still at large. You can easily imagine my astonishment when Mr. A. thus suddenly ventured upon forbidden ground, and abruptly declared that the spirit of a man who had suffered the capital penalty, and whose personal appearance exactly coincided with that of the unfortunate Irishman, wa6 actually following the servant about the house proclaiming his innocence in accents which, although inaudible to me, my guest declared were perfectly audiblo to him. I had heard that Mr. A. had been a " seer," but I was not a little startled at this striking illustration of his peculiar faculty. I remarked that it was very strange, and informed him that the woman whom ho had just seen for the first time with her ghostly companion was really the widow of. an executed felon. Some time afterwards he exclaimed : " There be is again !" repeating tho same words. Intensely interested by this sudden and apparently supernatural confirmation of my suspicions, I determined to put the seership of my guest to what I regarded as a crucial test. I told Mr. A. that shortly afterwards I was going into the town, and as I should be passing the spot where the murder was committed, perhaps his ghostly •visitant might indicate the place where the dead man lay. Some timo afterwards we started for the town. Wheu we left the house Mr. A. remarked, "There, he is following us," alluding to the "spirit." Wheu we had proceeded part of the way along tho road, which was quite uuknown to my friend, I made a detour to make a business call and went along another street, Mr. A. following me. JuSt as, without a word on my part, we were turning out of the main road, Mr. A. said, " The spirit is standing at the corner. He says we are not going the right way towards the place where the murder was committed, and which he ha3 promised to point out to me." I replied, " Oh, we shall come out'in the main road again by-and-by before we reach the spot." We proceeded on about a quarter of a mile, and having done toy business and struck the main road again—which differed, I may remark, from none of the other roads we had traversed—Mr. A. soon after declared, " There is that man just on there, waiting for us." As •we continued, our walk, I purposely refrained from tittering a word, or even from thinking, as far as I could, about the murder, so as to • -prevent any possibility of my companion obtaining any clue. As we were passing through one of the lowest parts of the town Mr. A. 'suddenly exclaimed:—"Ho tells me that' it was here the murder was committed. It was just there (pointing to the place in the road where the murdered man fell). I «ee the hubbub and confusion rise up before me as a picture, with the people round. Ho, ' however, again tells me that he did not strike the fatal blow. He does not excuse himself jroni bring morally guilty as being mixed up -rrithihose who accomplished the death of the inani-Sratitrongly maintains that he was not • "tho'Biurderer." I will only add in relation to * ithe ilflat-incident that Mr. A. described the exact spot where the murder was committed, and ghsiu&umstsnces; in connection therewith. Vnf «u WMH fa tint! Mi. A., bid never been in the town before; He had never lived within a couple of hundred miles of • he did not know till within a day or ( before Deioro no he ait- ivou. arrived that ww he would ever visit he could not by any possibility have known that the poor woman in my employ was the widow of the man who was hanged. He had no conceivable interest in deceiving me, nor was he concerned to prosecute the matter any further. I have in vain attempted to account for his story, nor can I on any of the popular hypotheses explain to my own satisfaction how he saw that ghost at noonday. That he did see it ho assured me, much to my surprise; when no one cxpected any such revelation • and, whatever he saw, it certainly led him t the cxact place where the murder was committed. • 