Our Adelaide Letter. [From our own Correspondent.] Thursday, May 2G. THE HOLIDAYS. Although the morning of the Queen's Birthday broke most inauapiciously for holidaymakers, the weather being decidedly winterly until about midday, tbe afternoon was sufficiently free from showers as not to greatly interfere with the spectators who gathered at the principal scenes of interest. The Governor's levee was attended by the usual list of those who desire to give evidence of their loyalty to the throne, and to see their names in the next morning's papers. The review and sham fight, in which about 900 members of our defence force were engaged, was viewed by a large concourse of people, who were content to learn " the discipline of the wars" from the vantage ground of Montefiore Hill. The sporting community mustered strongly at the Park Lauds Racecourse, and besides having offered to them the opportunity for doing their little best towards improving the breed of horses, they were well provided with all sorts of ways in which spare cash-could be got rid of. Several gaming-tables, on which skill, as against luck, has not the ghost of a chance, appeared to do a flourishing business, if one might judge by the little -piles of coin which the proprietors rapidly accumulated, and by the way in which one of them freely gave ; three shillings in exchange for a half-crown to those who invested with him. Tbe united wisdom of Press, Public, aud Parliament was brought to bear in order to legalise the totalisator, aud remove from it the opposition of the police; but strange to say these gaming-tables, which are more enticing and and less profitable to gamblers, are allowed to flourish openly without the protection, of an Act of Parliament. DRINKING CUSTOMS. At oae of the sittings of tbe Synod last the question of doing something towards restricting the habit of unnecessary drinking came on for discussiou. A motion was proposed, and with sundry small amendments carried, to the effect that clergyman should discountenance drinking in the mornings and between meals, great stress being laid upon the almost universal habit of shouting, against wbicK the motion was specially directed. Certain members of the clergy appeared to see something funny in the motion, and openly stated- that they could not, or at any rate would not, do without their usual glass. Others took a more serious view of the matter, and' were evidently- desirous of lending their 1 aid in putting a stop to a custom, that has obtained such a firm footing in all classes of society, as to render its abolition a work of extreme difficulty. THE FINANCE COMMISSION. When this commission was appointed to enquire into the various intricacies of our public financial affairs, if was only reasonable to expect that tbe Treasurer should be one «>f the first selected members, and accordingly Messrs. Mann aud Fowler have been included amongst the members. Now, however, as these two gentlemen are prevented by illness from continuiug in their labors ou the commission, it would seem only right that Mr. Fowler's successor, the present Treasurer, should fill one of the vacancies, but, strange to say, Mr. Konnsevell is not either of the two chosen. Why this is thus it is not easy to say with absolute certaiuty, bat many who do not look upon Mr. Rounsevell as a heaven-bora treasurer, and certainly not as an earthtrained financier, fauey thaPthough he may, with the assistance of his colleagues and his chief officer, struggle through the complications of a budget speech, he is hardly the one to discuss finance with such as Messrs. Cooke, Tomkicson, and Murray. THE ROVAL PRINCES. The Government evidently object to being snubbed by the imperial authorities in the matter of Adelaide having been excluded from the programme of the princes' visit. The Chief Secretary has telegraphed to the Agent-General, urging him to move the Secretary of State for the Colonies to make such alterations in the programme as will allow of the squadron calling here. The Governor has also telegraphed with the same object. The presence of so many lords, right honorables, and other distinguished individuals would doubtless afford Adelaide society an opportunity of showing that even the little farinaceous village has some notion of conforming, to the rules and customs of the leaders of : fashion, aud the princes with their titled ftietids would probably be highly gratified-by an introduction to wealthy squatters and ,tpjjiing speculators who ornament the Adelai4f. -Club. But still the home authorities are immovable, a reply having been sent tb! His E^cell^ncy, stating that no alteration in the Arrangements can be made. A full explanation is promised by mail. It will be interesting to know what excuse will be offered for the slight thus cast upou this colony. GOVERNMENT RETRENCHMENT. The members of the Civil Service are m anxious expectation of changes to be made at the end of the current month. It has been rumored that the Ministry purpose making some great reduction of the staff, and something like a black Wednesday is feared by some. FATAL FALL FROM A TRAMCAR, The wisdom of prohibiting passengers from getting on or off the front platforms of tramcars while the car is iu. motiou was painfully demonstrated by a sad; accident which occurred last week. Thej Hindmarsh car was proceeding slowly along Hindley-street, when a sudden jolt was felt; and it was seen that a man named Charles John Ricketts was lying on the ground injured by the car passing over him. • The deceased was standing on the front platform;, with two other passengers, but neither of them noticed how he got off the car, but as there was no jerking to cause hin. to fall, the presumption is that he tried to alight, but missed his footing and fell under the wheel, which passed over his head, completely tearing off the upper portion of his skull. The jury who enquired into the circumstances exonerated the driver from blame, and advised that alt cars shonld be provided with guard gates on the front platforms. The unfortunate man was 27 years of age, and leaves a widow and two children. VOLUNTEER CLUB. It is proposed to form a club in connection with the Volunteer Force aud Rifle Association, having for its object the maintenance of a suite of rooms where members of the force may meet to speijd their leisure hours in the company of, their comraies. The officers have taken' the matter up warmly, and the offer of suitable premises in Pulteney-street, near the York Hotel, has been made. Country members, by paying the subscription, a small sam, would be provided with a place where they might depend upon meeting their brothers in arms. At a meeting held on Tuesday, May 24, it was decided to start the. club, and a committee was appointed to carry out the preliminary arrangements. THE RIGHTS OF VESTED INTERESTS. There are very few classes of people who at one time or other have not sought some kind of assistance from the Government, and at last the bailiffs have taken their turn. Ou Monday a deputation of these officials waited upon the Attorney-General to complain of the present practice of allowing suitors to serve their own summonses aud charge mileage. The deputation showed that under the existing rule many welcome fees which formerly weut into the pockets of the bailiff are now saved by suitors. Of course, from a bailiff's point of view, this is decidedly wrong, for if a mau will indulge in the luxury of law, he might just as well waste his money on the poor bailiffs as on the wealthy lawyers ; but to those who are compelled to reach long-winded customers by means of the Local Court the case appears somewhat different. As we go on towards simplifying the procedure in our courts possibly we may have the lawyers objecting that their business is being taken away through suitors being able to conduct their own cases, though that is a state of things which we are not likely to see realised for a very long time. The Attorney-General did not give the deputation much hope of gaining their ends, but made the usual promise of consideration. AN INVENTIVE GENIUS. A gentleman residing in one of the suburbs did not feel devotionaliy inclined one Sunday lately, but was persuaded, much against his will, by his better half to accompany her to church. Before starting he very carefully saw that the dog was properly secured to the kennel, but shortly after the service commenced, in rushed this same dog, and soon discovered the whereabouts of his master, and at once began to take part in the service by lifting up his voice. Of course the harmonious animal was quickly removed by the owner, who was compelled to march him off home, leaving the lady to sit out the service by herself. As soon as the good man reached tbe outside of the church a genial smile stole over his features, and he grinned as he confidentially told a friend how he had secured that dog just so as he could break lose in time to cause an early return from church. 