TUB REVISED NEW TESTAMENT. A lecture was delivered last evening in St, Paul's Sabbath schoolroom t>y the .Right Rev, Dr. Moorbouse, Bishop of Melbourne, on "The Doctrinal Effects of the Now Version." There was a very large attendance, about S00 persons being present. The chair was occupied by the Rev. Canon MaeCullagb, who briefly introduced his Lordship to the audieuce. The Bishop said:-Ladies and gentlemen, I . have undertaken a task which somebody, I think, ought to attempt at this particular time. It is not to give a minute criticism of the scholarship of the Revision Com mittee of the new Testament. That is a task svhich, considering the eminent character of the persons composing that: committee, any scholar mignt naturally shrink from, Nor would the attempt, by whomsoever made, be intelligible or proiitable to nine people out of ten. The people want to know what changes, if any, have been made, not in the verbal form, but iu the substantial teaching ot the New Testament. This they have a right to ask, and somebody should try to answer this question for them. Hence the present attempt. I must, however, bespeak your indulgence, for I fear that in the execution of my taak I must appear not a little tediou3 to you. My lecture must have the fault of old-fashioned sermons. It must abound in texts, and as these quotations have to be made from an un familiar book they caunot be made from memory^ and must involve much turning over of leaves, and some little loss of time. Since, however, this is a difficulty necessarily inherent in my taak, I trust you will make kind allowance for it. One word let me say first aoout the title of my lecture. I am to speak to you about the doctrinal effect of the new version. What I mean ia the doctrinal tendency or drift, for what will appear as the result of our investigation i3 rather a tendency than a solid change, which can be expressed in propositions. You may ask, therefore, why I did not propose to speak to you about tho doctriual drift of the new ver sion. The title is a much neater one, and would have looked better on a hand-bill. But then it might have misled you. You might have thought that I saw a drift in the mind of the translators rather than in their work. _ And this would not be the fact. More indubitable marks of bouusty, of an honest endeavor to give tho exact equivalent of an original, without either doctriual or other bia3, I never saw. ia a translation. Be assured of this-you have really honest work in the new translation. Tho only subjective element I see in it is a littlo timid conservatism. But then when you take into account the importance of the sacred docu ments with which the committee were dealing, and their rosolve based upon this fact that no change should be made in the old version with out the consent of twu thirds of the company, the wonder is not that some timidity appears, but that more of it is not discernible. One other thing let me say-I have taken some little pains, as much as tho time per mitted, to qualify myself for my task. I have read through the whole of the revised version, and have noted with some care all the more im portant doctriual changes. If I produce at present only a selection of these, it is because our time is limited, and because those which I have selected enable me to give a pretty com plete survey of the subject. With these few pre fatory observations, I shall now plunge in mtdias res. I begin with " the last things" first, partly because the alterations in passages relating to esohatology, or the " scieuce of the last things," are amongst the most important and distinct of all which are made in the new versiou. In Matthew v. 22 we find "hell fire" trans lated "the hell of fire," with the reading "Gehenna of fire" in the margin. I have no doubt at all that here the translators were wrong. They should have put Gehenna in the text, and have made no mention of " hell" whatsoever. But why, you will say? Because so many groas and misleading ideas gathered round the word "hell" in the middle ages. " Hell " in itself is a harmless word enough. It only meana a hollow place, aud with reference to this meaning of the word, tilers were called helliers (coverers in of a hollow place) in early English. But in the middle ages hell came to mean a place full of fire and brimstone, in which souls were literally burned; a place full of torments and fiends, and all the horrible para phernalia of the medieaval Tartarus. These associations will always cling to the word like a parasite that has grown into a tree. You cannot cut them away, and, therefore, tho word ought not to have been used. For observe "hell" is no more a translation of Gehenna than it is of Hades. Hades means "the unseen world," and in several places (as Matthew XI, 23; Acts II, 27) the word hell has been exchanged for Hades. Where " Gehenna " occurs, hell should in like manner have been exchanged for Gehenna. Nay, the reason for this change was even stronger than for the other. For Gehenna has a definite mean ing. It means the valley of Hinnom. It is the name of a well known valley to the south of Jerusalem, and thus it carries upon its fore front the sign that it is nothing more than a symbol. There was a very dismal swamp called " Batman's Swamp " near Melbourne. Suppose, then, that for its filth and horror, it had been adopted by earlier colonists here as a symbol of the misery of souls cast out from God. When ever we had said to an obstinate sinner, "If you go on in that course you will be in danger of Batman's Swamp," he would have seen that we were speaking symbolically. So it would be with a Jew. When you told him that he was in danger of the "Valley of Hinnom," he would know that you were speaking symbolically. And if, further, you spoke to him of the "worm" and tho "fire" of the Valley of Hinnom (as in Mark IX., 33, 34) he would know that you re ferred to the corruption aud torment of sin in another world, under the images of the rotting carcases of the Valley of Hinnom, and of the fires kindled there to consume them. It is a very great pity then that the new version rele gated the word to tho margin which tells this story. It should have been in the text, and the misleading word "hell" should have been ex cluded. That tho Scriptural representations of future punishment of tho wicked are symbolical is apparent, too, from another circumstance. The imagery under which it is represented changes in different parts of our Lord's teaching, following, indeed, the imagery of certain parables in which it occurs. In Matthew, XXIV., 51, where the conduct of the sinner is compared to that of a disobedient slave, the punishment also is represented as that which a slave would re ceive. His master shall " cut him asunder," or as the margin has it, " severely scourge him," casting him into that prison where there is " the weeping and gnashing of teeth." In the begin ning of the 25th chapter of St. Matthew our Lord had represented the rejection of the wicked under the image of the foolish virgins, who were not allowed to enter into the light and joy of the marriage mansion, but were shut out into the outer darkness. In a parable accordingly spoken by the Lord at the same time-that of the talents- the churlish servant is represented as cast into the outer darkness, where as before is "the weeping and gnashing of teeth." Again (Matthew, xiii., 42) as the end of tho tares is to be burned, so also the punishment of the wicked is represented under the image of being cast into the furnace of fire, where again is "the weeping and gnashing of teeth." The only sym bol which is constant in these representations is " the weeping and gnashing of teeth," made more emphatic by the proper translation of the definite article. The great reality represented then is sorrow and despair, but the forms under which this torment is represented vary—now it is a scourging, now a shutting out into the dark ness, and now again a casting into the furnace of fire, the particular form in each case being clearly determined by tho imagery of the son text. It is unnecessary perhaps to point out that the representations of the Apocalypse are all sym bolical. The fact stauds out on the very faco of the book. It adopts and developes whatever of the symbolism of Daniel and Ezekiel is most striking and realistic. But who can doubt that it is symbolism? Does anyone ever expect to see a city 1,500 miles high, with enormous gates formed each out of a single pearl ? Or does any one ever expect to see a bottomless pit, rendered more exactly " the pit of the abyss " ? If so, he must expect to see also very peculiar locusts ascending out of the smoke of it; locusts which certainly would have been killed by the fire out of which they issued, if they were visible and tangible things; locusts which forsake their natural food, grass and green things, and only go forth to sting men to death like scorpions; locusts that, above all, don't belong to man's future life, but to this life, where there is grass to avoid, and where there are men to sting! Is it not obvious that we have here a terrible symbol of this earthly retribution on sin ; and that in the pit of the abyss, we have only an indication that this retribution shall proceed from this agency of evil. The book itself (chap. XX., 3) teaches us that that by "the pit of the abyss " is only meant the secure imprison ment of evil; as also (chap, xix., 20, XX., 10 and 14) show us that in the " lake of fire, which is the second death," we have nothing more than a symbol of destruction. For what are the forms which are there said to be cast into it ? Are they real forms, susceptible of torture, or only ideal forms susceptible of destruction ? They are ideal forms pure and simple. One is the beast-the symbol of Godless force, another 13 ' tho fake prophet-the symbol of Godless wisdom; another is Death-tho impersonation of an accident of human life; another is Hades— the unseen world. Does anyone think that death or the unseen world is going to be tortured in that lake of fire? So one : Every one sees that the meaning is they shall be destroyed. There shall be no more death or Hades. And why, then, should any one deny that, when (chap, xxi, 8) the wicked are said to be cast into that lake, tho meaning is they shall be des troyed ? Certainly it is tho drift of the new version to favor these reasonable views of symbolic inter pretation. It renders, chap. XVI. 7, for instance—"I heard the altar saying. " Our ver sion has it-" I heard another (angel) from the altar saying." A talking altar seemed to be an absurdity to some early copyist of the Greek text, and so, to make sense of it, he introduced two Greek words (allou èk). These however, are not in the best copies, and have been ex cluded from the text which the revisers fol lowed. And, now, what is the result of this honesty ? It plainly proves that the language used is symbolical; for in symbol, you can have either a " talking altar," or an impersonated Hades. We have seen what light tho new version throws upon the question of the nature of future punishment. Let us inquire next, if it affects in any manner, and if so, how far the question of its duration. The new version retains, we observe, the two phrases "forever" and "for ever and ever," but it gives in tho margin their Greek equiva lent-" unto the ages " and "unto the ages of the ages." Again, I think that the marginal readings ought to have been in the text. To render these Greek expressions " for ever " and ' for ever and ever," is not to translate, but to interpret them. As it stands in the Greek, the expression "unto the ages," represents a future time indefinitely long; how long is to be principally determined by tho context in which it occurs. Thus when it is said (Luke I. 33), that our Lord shall rule over the house of Jacob " unto the ages," the meaning can only be unto the ages during which such a distinction as that of race and nationality lasts. But when it is said as in Revelations 17., 9, that the Lord God liveth "unto the ages of the ages," this indefinite expression must be held to embrace ail future ages. A more literal translation of these expressions would further have revealed their connexion with some other important passages, which the old version can only be said to have paraphrased-translat ing age by world,. Such a passage is Ephesiana I, 21. Here the new version translates correctly, not the "world to come," but the age to come. Doing so it adds definiteness to tho' meaning. " The world to come may be equally existent now, but the age to come, the age of glory is wholly still in the future." It has sometimes been urged that it is allow able to paraphrase the passages in which such phrases as (eis tous aionas) occur, because tho Greek language furnishes no better equivalent for the English "for ever." This is not the case. There are several Greek words for endless (as ateleutos, aperantos) not one of which is ever used. Nay, had the sacred writers desired to express strictly the idea of time without beginning and without end, they could have done it by a pro per use of the word aion, For as the new version shows us, this is actually once, but only once done in the New Testament, In tho last verse of St. Jude's Epistle glory is ascribed to God " before all time and now, and unto all the ages." This absolutely includes all duration ; as we are used to phrase it " from eternity to eternity." But there is no other pas sage in tho New Testament where any of the saered writers uses the adjective all to charac terise the ages; a thing which had been easily done, if the design has been to give the idea of endlessness. Well, but surely you will say there is the adjective "everlasting." But in the original this is only aionios, the adjective formed from the word we are considering. It is interesting to observe how the latest translators have dealt with this word. They never translate it ever lasting, but always "eternal;" a word which is related to the Latin alas, an age, exactly as the Greek aionios is related to aion, an age. The ambiguity of the original is thus exactly repro duced in the new version. And that there is ambiguity in the meaning of this word, the ver sion very clearly and very honestly reveals to us by translating, and not merely paraphrasing, as the old version did, certain remarkable passages. The most remarkable of these are II. Timothy, I, 9, and Titus I, 2. Here we are told of what happened "before times eternal." Now, if eternal meant here, what we commonly suppose it means, that which is without beginning and without end, this is absolute nonsense, for what could occur before times which had no beginning? If, however, eternal here only means aeonian cyclical, dispensational, referring to ages which had their truth to realise, which realised it and then passed away, all becomes clear, aud all most interesting. Then it is said that God's promise and God's purpose existed before all the times, which, in their passage have typified, and partially realised it. There is another possible meaning of the word eternal. It may mean that which in its nature is related to the abiding-that which is real, be cause spiritual. And, strange to say, tho new version reveals to us that tho former translators, in spite of their sometimes translating eternal "everlasting" saw the possibility of this. In the new version you will find I. Timothy VI., 19, exactly rendered "That they may lay hold on the life, which is life indeed." The old version is, as you know, " That they may lay hold on eternal life," showing that the old translators perceived that the eternal might mean the real, just as the temporal may mean the phenomenal, "That which is seen being temporal, that which is not seen being eternal." This is very much the meaning which Mr. Maurice saw in the word eternal—a meaning which almost seems to be formulated, and explained in our Lord's words (John 17, 3), " And this is life eternal, that they should know thee, the only true God and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent." These two meanings then of tho word eternal, the cyclical, and the real, are clearly brought out in tho new version; aud this alone shows how thoroughly they were justified in abolish ing the translation "everlasting." Everlasting is an interpretation, and a very precarious inter pretation. And while speaking of condemnation it is im portant to remark that the word "damnation " has wholly disappeared from the new version, even as the word "hell" ought to have dis appeared. Thus in Romaus XIV., where the Apostle is considering the question of clean and unclean meats, he lays it down that it is lawful for a christian either to eat or to abstain from eating. But he adds, let each be persuaded in his own mind, for he that doubteth is condemned (not damned) if he eat. And how condemned? By his own act, for whatever is not of faith is sin. It is obvious that here there is not a hint of final damnation. In like manner the word "damnation" is banished from a passage where it has done more harm and caused more distress to sensitive souls than I could easily describe, or you conceive. " He that eateth," we read in I. Corinthians, XI., 29, "eateth not damnation, but judgment to himself, if he discern not the body." And that this judgment is only a tem poral one, a chastisement sent to "avert con demnation with the world," is quite plain in verse 32. Tho word damnation is excluded even from a passage where most persons would expect to find it, John v., 2S, 29; where we read in the new version, "All that are in tho tombs shall hear his voice, and come forth; they that have done good unto the resurrection of life, and they that have done evil to the resurrection of judgment." Whatever that judgment may be, tho effect of the alterations in such passages is to subdue the accent of threatening, and to rob the awful force of retribution of something of its dread sternness. It is natural to ask next, does the new version throw any light on the question of a possible future probation for any of the dead? There ia very scant reference in holy scripture to the stato between death and judgment. We find iu Revelations none of that "fanatical particu larity," as Paley calls it, which distinguishes so many false religions. The parable of Lazarus aud Dives is a parable filled with Jewish imagery, concerning which we cannot do better than re member tho old theological rule, "Theologia parabolica, non est demonstrativa." But saving this passage, there is only one other in the New Testament which can be said to refer directly and specifically to the state of souls between death and judgment. That, you know, is I. Peter, III., 18. Tho old version left it possible to in terpret this passage aa meaning that Christ went to the Antediluvians now in prison, when they lived on the earth, and by his spirit, through the preaching of Noah, called them to repentance. The new version by its more cor rect rendering has destroyed tho possibility of such an interpretation. Here flesh and spirit are so opposed, that, as in the Greek, the word spirit must mean, not " the Holy Spirit," but our Saviour's human spirit, "in which," (not by which), he went and preached to the Antedi luvians in prison. We must not make too much of a single passage, nor press its application beyond its proper scope. But, bearing these cautions in mind, two things are to be noted. First, while opening the possibility of proba tion in the state between death and judgment, the means of this probation are purely spiritual. There is not a hint of the gross and carnal notions of the medieval purgatory. It is not by fire but by preaching, that souls are called to repentance. Secondly, it is to be observed that we only hear of the extended probation of a particular class of men. These it is true, may be only specimens of others. But if so they suggest to us the continued probation of those whose probation was on earth incomplete. "What myriads there must have been in tho great overthrow of Noah, to whom, as in all natural accidents, death must have come, so to speak, accidentally. How can we believe that at such a time, or at any time natural death always sychronizes with the completion of the soul's moral trial, that, for instance, no the falling from a house ever kills a man, except when his will has taken that decided action, which fixes him " unto the ages," either as a friend, or an enemy of God. Or how can we believe that all the myriads of the heathen, or all the children in christian lands, who have been brought up by profligate parents, have come to an end of their moral probation, when they suffer the natural accident of bodily death. All these cases it used to be the practice to hand over to the uncovenanted mercies of God. It must be a most welcome relief to have some light of revelation, be it only a gleam, to point out to us the means by which such mercy reaches its beneficent ends. I have spoken of the extent of condemnation. The question may next be asked, does the new version throw any fresh light on the extent of redeem ing love'! I think it does. In Ephesians, 1st chapter, 10th verse, the expression, " to gather, together in are all things in Christ," is better rendered by the larger phrase, " to sum up all things in Christ," This phrase reveals to us in its highest generality the purpose of our Lord's mission. He came that by his life and work He might so enlarge all minds and change all hearts on earth and in heaven; that reflecting His image and being transformed into His like ness they might all he summed up in Him. The vision of redemption thus opened is so vast that it can scarcely be said to have limits on earth or in heaven, in time or in eternity. On a narrower stage, that of humanity, a similar largeness of redeeming purpose is revealed by the better translation of Romans, 5th chap., loth and 19th verses. Here, instead of "many," which would imply the exclusion of some, the new version by translating "the many," has pointed out that the Greek refers to all; to the multitude, the mass of humanity. And thus, we learn, that in the divine purpose the gift of Christ's life was not made to an elect few, but to the whole family of man. We are led towards tho same conclusion by the objective cast of many of the new translations. And here it may be uecessary to explain what I mean by the word "objective." To the produc tion of Christian sanctity two things are neces sary, the gift of Christ's life, which is imparted Ito us, and that state of heart called in the scrip tures "faith," which depends partially at least upon our own will. Now, what is done to us, and comes to us without our own co-operation, I call the objective element in salvation; while that which is done by us through our own co-opera tion, I call its subjective element. Well, then, this being understood, I think you will find that, through the better rendering of Romans Gth chap,, the fact is brought out that, in many verses of that chapter, St. Paul is not so much referring to what is done within tho believer through his faith, as to what was done for him at a special point of his past history, viz., at his baptism. In verse 4 we read, " we were buried with him by baptism unto death." In verse 6, our old man (not is crucified, as though the act were continuous, and now going on) but "was crucified with Him," at a point of time in the past-our baptism. Again in tho 8th verse we read (not " if we be dead with Him," if we be in that spiritual condition now) but, "if we died with Him," in the past objectively by an act of his grace in our baptism. Through what was then done, ideally, and actually by God's grace, we were put in a certain position, and gained a certain relation to God, and gained a special relation to God, Therefore the Apostle says (7) that we ought to " reckon ourselves to be dead to sin, but alive to God," not "through Jesus Christ,"-as though our death and life might be apart from him, but "Christ Jesus" even as were planted in Him at baptism. Of course this grace is given that it may be taken and used. It were of no value else. Accordingly, in verse 12, St. Paul bids us realize subjectively what already is ours objectively by the gift of God in Christ. "Let not sin, therefore, reign in your mortal bodies that ye should obey it in the lust thereof." The same definiteness of objective reference is brought out by the better rendering of the tenses in 1st Corinthians, VI. chapter, 2ud verse. It is not " but ye are washed, but ye are sanctified "-as though reference were made to an abiding state-it is, "ye were washed, ye were sanctified," at a definite point of past time iu your baptism ; that act which marked and denoted your ideal union with Christ. Tho con nection of the objective work of Christ for us, and the subjective work of Christ in us is further brought out by a better translation of 2nd Corinthians, v. chapter, 14th verse : "We thus judge that one died for all, therefore all died." The old version has it " if one died for all then were all dead," making the death of Christ the proof of the spiritual death of the natural man. In point of fact there is not a word here about the death of nature. The point is that there is such a union between Christ and the believer represented ideally in baptism, and realised by faith, that if Christ died to sin, then all died with him. The practical conclusion follows. If we be dead in Christ ideally, let us take care that really and inwardly we "no longer live to ourselves, but to Him that died for us." The same thought is emphaticised in Titus, 3rd chapter 5th verse, though here, un fortunately, the better rendering is put into the margin. The thought of the apostle is that salvation does not originate in acts of ours, whether emotional or practical, but only in the mercy of God. What then did his mercy do for us ? He gave us the laver of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost, tho outward ordi nance of baptism to assure the gift, the inward renewing of the spirit to convert that assurance into a reality. It ia almost more wonderful to find laver in the margin, than it was to find Gehenna there. Loutron cannot mean the act of washing, but the vessel in which the washing is done. It is translated "laver" by Bishop Ellicott, the chairman of the Revision Commit tee, in his new version of the epistles, and so by nearly all modern scholars. I suppose it was difficult to get a two-thirds majority for its in sertion in the text, owing to the significant fact that this is the only text in the new testament, in which the word "regeneration" is applied to an individual. It is certainly startling to find that on the only occasion of its occurrcnce it clearly refers to baptism. But there need be no wonder, It is only in accordance with the pre vailing objective cast of New Testament lan guage, and it clearly means that baptism is that laver which ideally represents the new birth in which the new life in Christ must begin. It is very important to keep in mind this objective view of salvation, that everything necessary to our salvation, the life of Christ, the gift of the spirit whoso office it is to distribute that life and the ordinances of the church, through which as through appointed channels that distribu tion takes place, that all these are provided for us by tho love of God independently of our faith, not only before we believe but even before we live. This is tho peculiarity of Christianity. Anyone can believe, a Pagan or a Mahommedan, not less than a Christian. The difference is revealed when you ask, What shall I believe? aud Why shall I believe? Here the gospel presents to your inquiry a new thing-a gift and possibilities unknown in tho world before. 'This newness and uniqueness of the gospel is well suggested by a better translation of Romans, 3rd chapter, 21st verse, " But now a righteousness of God hath been manifested," not "tho righteousness," as though it were a thing already well known, but a righteousness apart from the law which I proceed to describe, " the righteousness of God through faith iu Christ," I have spoken of the connection of faith with grace, with what went beforo faith. This leads me next to speak of the connection between faith and its fruits, between it and what should follow it. This is made clearer by a better translation of Galatians, 2nd chapter, ICth verse. The old version was "A man is not justified by works but by faith," thus ex cluding works altogether from connection with justification. The new version more correctly renders "A man is not justified by works save through faith," except so far as works are necessary to indicate the reality of faith. You will see at once that the celebrated opposition in this matter between St. Paul and St. James is already abolished by this rendering. But in fact it is made yet more impossible by abetter render ing of James, 2u d chapter, ,14th verse. We read no longer " Can faith save him," as if faith had nothing to do with tho matter, but oan that faith save him; such a faith as that, which can only make him tremb'o without obeying St. Paul, is thus plainly seen to say "Works cannot save except through faith," and St. James to say "Faith cannot save except it be a fruitful faith." Suppose, however, that a man has taken the life of Christ by a real faith, a faith which vindicates its reality by works. Another question may here arise. pan tho man who has once possessed such faith ever lose it, or must he keep it because of God's predesti nation? Tho new version helps us to give a better answer to this question also. Tho new version translates Luke x, G, "If a son of peace be there '-not 'if the son of peace be there." The latter expression would imply that the Apostles should remain, if the son of God had gone before them and selected the house, the former means if your host be a son of peace, who will receive you, remain. Again the now version translates Acts II, 47 not " such as should be saved by the election of God," but " such as were being saved" through their own faithful use of God's grace. Again it translates, 1st Corinthians I, IS, "To them that are perishing foolishness, to them that^re being saved the power of God" When this passage stood " to them that perish, the Gospel is foolishness," it might mean that tho gospel appeared foolish to them because they were destined to perdition. But now it can have no such meaning. Those who are perishing through their own wilful disobe dience need not finalty perish; nor, on the other hand, can it be said that those who are being saved must be ultimately saved, " Once in grace, always in grace," is now shown to be an unscriptural sentiment. I need make no remark on the effect of tho new version in modifying the doctrine of our Lord's divinity, because it leaves that doctrine untouched. For if it omits the passage I John, v, S, containing a reference to the three heavenly witnesses, and adopts the reading, " He who," instead of God in I Tim,, II, 16; on the other hand it translates Titus n, 13-"Our Great God and Savionr Jesus Christaqd strengthens tho affirmation of Phillip II, vi, 7, by a better aud moro intelligible reading. The new version very decidediy ac centuates the value of the spiritual element in religion by two improved translations. I.u Mark YII, 19, we read : Not " puriging all meats," which may mean almost anything but "this he said making all meats clean." It is difficult for us to con ceive the vastness of the spiritual revo lution implied in those words. At a time when the great schools of Hillel and Shamar were disputing about the relative importance of blessing the day first or the meat first, Jesus stands up and cries, "All these things are nought; ye are children of God, and to such all meats are clean." To tho Pharisee of that day the utterance of such a sentiment would be as though the heavens had fallen. It deprived him not only of tho chief subjects of his mental activity, but of all the cherished reasons for his national and spiritual pride. It made Calvary inevitable. The same paramount authority of the spiritual in religion is implied by that depreciation of asceticism, which is brought out so clearly by a better translation of Collos aians, II,, 23, " but are not of any value against the indulgence of the flesh." Here, instead of an utterly unmeaning phrase, we get an un compromising denunciation of more outward acts of mortification as a medicine for the soul in this age, a great and distinct gain. Indirectly too, spiritual religion is relieved of a burden and a difficulty by the omission of John v, 3rd verse. This was a description of a miracle taking place regularly, as if by a law of nature, and without any reference to the spiritual condition of the healed. These characteristics put it en tirely out of harmony with the New Testament miracles, which are exceptional acts of power rendered credible, even more by their adapta tion to a great spiritual purpose, than by the character and mission of those who wrought them. It is no little relief then to find that tlie passage which recorded a miracle of so different a character, is nothing better than a late inter polation. I will just notice in conclusion that the new version alters certain texts, which have formed the favorite themes of one sided preachers. It robs one sect of its name, the " pecu liar people" have gone out of the New Testament. If they want to continue to be scriptural they must call themselves now "The people of God's own possession," for so in the new version Peter 1, 2nd chapter, 9th verse, is now translated. Perhaps even "peculiar people," it might savor too much of arrogance to style themselves as opposed to all other sections "The people of God's own possession." But I scarcely know. If people are only ignorant and stupid enough no arrogance appears impossible to them. The new version omits a text on which a vast number of excited sermons have been preached, Act vilt, 37th verse, " If thou believest with all thine heart then thou mayst " (be baptised.) Again it reverses the meaning of Acts xxvi, 28th verse. In the old version Agrippa seems to say "Thy sermon is so con vincing that almost it persuadeth me to be a Christian," whereas in the new version he is made to; say what he was more likely to say, and what he actually said "Do you imagine that with so slight an effort as this you can make a Christian of such a man as I am." I dare say that many preachers will be disappointed at the loss of a favourite text, but, for my part, I think the subject pre sented by tho new version, viz., the hardening power of sin and the curse of worldly pride, not only far more interesting, but also far more use ful. Lastly, I may observe that preachers who are always insisting on the necessity of con version, and are wont at the same time to assign to conversion a peculiar and utterly mythical meaning, will experience, perhaps, some little dismay to find their pet word entirely excluded from the gospels. It remains only in Acts XV., 3, aud James v., 19, and ought not to have been left in either place. But it is hard for a committee to be consistent. The word formerly translated "convert'' means simply "turn" or "turn again " and refers sometimes to turning the body from evil to good, and sometimes to turning from good to evil. In these circumstances there was no alternative but to translate it by a word that would express its large and comprehensive meaning. And nothing but good can result from the change. People will see now that where the word refers to a desirable spiritual change it merely describes a turning of the mind, whether that turning be made suddenly or gradually, whether with ecstatic phenomena or without them. No doubt this turning is sometimes attended by such phenomena, and is as sudden if not as complete as a turniug of the body. But it is by no means always so. And if one may bo permitted to judge who himself l experienced a sudden and ecstatic change, it by no means follows that such a form of change has the moat sanctifying influence on the character. Our Lord said "Except ye turn and become as little children, ye shall in no wise enter iunto the kingdom of heaven." (Mathew, 18th chapter 3rd verse.) Here the thing to be. done is to turn the mind from the proud wilfulness of what is called manly independence to a child-like dependence in God. And I may be permitted to repeat that I have sometimes seen this spiritual change more completely effected, where the turning was gradual and silent, than where it was sudden and ecstatic. It is natural for you to ask what is tho result of all that ? Just what I told you at first. The net result is a decided drift, a tendency to obliterate some of the sterner features of the old translation. There is a fuller statement of the spirituality of our holy faith, of the universality of the love of God, and of tho long suffering grace which will condemn none till his moral probation is fairly completed. There is besides a clearer exhibition of the symbolic character of those passages which describe the nature of future punishment, and the uncer tainty of many of the expressions which describe its duration. And these alterations are not made capriciously. They are not in obedience to any critical theory, or to any effort to adapt the text either to the supposed historical necessities of the first century, or to the beliefs and speculations, or errors and opinions of the nine teenth century. If any change has been made in the text it is on tho authority of more ancient and reliable manuscript versions. And though 1 admit that it sometimes mars the delicate balance and harmony of the matchless English of the old version, as in I Corinthians, 13th chap., yet it does this only from an anxious de sire to render more exactly the meaning of tho original. Though it may make woful havoc with such passages is I have just referred to, this all tho more proves that men of tho greatest tastes in England have sacrificed what they felt to be a sacrifice more than we possibly could-a sacrifice of grace and majesty-to secure accu racy and truthfulness. This being the case it is surely very interesting to notice that the drift of change observable in the new translation is in the same direction as the drift of all healthy change in modern thought-in that direction which is indicated in the well known words of St. John -" Perfect love easteth out fear, because fear hath torment." I draw an augury of the brightest hope from this fact. It proves to me at least that the general drift of modern thought is healthy and truthful. May we not then humbly hope that if men will only be sincere and patient, scientists on the one side and theologians on tho other, enlarging knowledge, will bring us not a diminution, but an increase of faith-a faith it may be of a different tone and temper, but which is made all the more confident and assured quite as much by what it loses as by what it gains. A hearty vote of thanks was passed by accla mation to the rev. lecturer on tho motion of the Rev. Dr. Nish, seconded by tho Bev, J. Car lisle. A vote of thanks was also passed to the choir, who rendered some sacred music during tho evening. 