A Church Mousei 'I must trust to your instinct,' muttered the traveller, letting the bridle fall upon his horse's neck. ' The eyes o£ ail owl would he at fault on such a night as this. Be quiet, you brute ! Do you mean to repay my confidence by breaking my neck?' The animal had shied so violently as nearly to throw his rider, and stbod trembling in every muscle. His master peered through the darkness in the endeavour to make out the cause oE his terror. He could per ceive before hin the dim outline of a dismantled church, with its brood of gravestones clustered about it. Be side the road, . so close that he could have touched it with his whip, he discovered an indistinct white object crouching upon one ot the graves. .Resolving upon, knowing what it was, he dismounted and approached it. As he did so, ib arose and fled rapidly away. Wi*-.h his curiosity now fully aroused he followed it. As ic neared the church, it turned suddenly and confronted him. At this moment a broad glare of lightning Hashed athwart the sky, and he saw before him a young girl dressed in a thin, water-soaked garment, her hair fall ing in drenched coils upon her shoul ders. For an instant her white, seared face was turned towards him, and her large, sorrowful eyes met his with an appealing look, then she seemed to melt into tho solid body of the church. As well as the darkness permitted, he examined the spot where she had disappeared, but could find no open ing through which she could have escaped. He called aloud that he was a friend, and that she had nothing to fear. The only answer was the weird wail of the tempest through the broken arches. With a feeling akin to superstitious terror, he hastily remounted his horse, and did not draw rein until he reached tho village inn. ' Who occupies the old church yonder ?' he enquired of tho landlord. ' Ah ! Tou have seen it,' exclaimed the landlord, mysteriously. 'It?' echoed the traveller. 'I saw what I take to be a poor de mented girl.' ' You saw the spirit of one,' an swered tho host, solemnly. ' Every one here knows tho story. 'When she was alive her name was Ada Morton. Hor father died a year back, leaving her heiress to his property. As she was yet a minor, he appointed his friend Stephen Eastburn her guar dian, who, in case of her death un married, was to ? inherit the property. It is said thair he beat, starved, and cruelly ill-treated her. One night — just such a night as this — she disap peared. Her hat and cloak were found on the river bank nest morn ing. It was plain that the poor crea ture had sought deliverance from her persecutor by suicide. That was three months at?o. . Her body was never found, but her spirit has been often seen in the churchyard, where her father lies. Meanwhile the man ?who drove her to her death lives at Ms ease in her father's house on the Ml.' The traveller was evidently deeply interested in the story, but he made no comment upon it. Merely inform ing the landlord that he should re main for a week or two, he retired to his room. Like many another young man of fortune, Charles Barclay was afflicted with too much leisure. His sole object in this part of the country was merely a languid search aftor amusement. The landlord's story had strongly aroused his curiosity. Moreover, tho ? young girl's sad face and beseeching glance in the churchyard had made a atrange impression upon him. Some thing in her improbable history had led him to form a vague suspicion of a truth nearly as improbable. Eagerly accepting the possible chance of an ox citing experience, he determined to sift the matter to the bottom. 'Without dropping a hint as to his intentions, he left the inn on the next night shortly after eleven o'clock, and proceeded to tho old church. The place was silent and deserted ; not even a stray dog was to bo seen wandering about the churchyard. An ineffably dreary air hung about the place, depressing his spirits, and al most resolved him to abandon his object. But a sentiment of pride urged him on, and ho cautiously made his way into tho church and sat down in one of the pews. For more than an hour nothing oc curred to attract his attention. He became drowsy and was on the point of falling asleep where he sat, when a low, weird peal from tho old organ moaned through the church. He sat erect, and listened, with suspended breath. The sound rose higher and clearer, and presently the sweet but mournful tones of a woman's voice joined it. He could make out the words of a prayer for the wretched. . After a moment the' music ceased, and he could hear the singer sobbing in a low, heart-broken way that brought tears to his eyes. He strained Ins eyes through the darkness, but could make out nothing. Arising, he called out : ' Whoever you are, you are in sor row and affliction, I cannot see you. I will not pursue you. All I desire is to be your friend. Will you an swer me ?' There was no reply, and the weep ing suddenly ceased. After a moment of hesitation he made his way to the organ lott and struck a match. No one was visible, nor was there the smallest trace of the recent presence of any human being. Considerably startled he left the church, determined to repeat his experiment on the fol lowing night. Providing himself with a dark lan tern, he went to the church on tho next night, and secreted himself near the organ. As before, it was nearly midnight before he became conscious of the presence of another person in tho building. On this occasion the organ was not played, but there was a slight rustle as of a woman's dross, and presontly he heard tho same low bitter weeping. Quickly arising, he shot tho rays of the lantern in the direction whence the sounds proceeded. Not more than three yards from him, in tho broad glare of the light, he beheld the girl whom he had met in the churchyard. She was looking at him with an expression of intense terror in her white face, and tear-wet eyes. As she stood cowering before him she reminded, him of some innocent animal crouching at the hunter's feet. With an accent of deep pity he addressed her : ' I saw you in the churchyard the night before last ; I spoke to you last night. I am not an enemy, nor an idle curiosity- seeker. 1 earnestly want t.j aid you. Will you not trust mo ?' Keeping her eyes fixed upon him with tho same distrustful look, she answered in a faint far-off voico : ' Tour friendship or your enmity can bo nothing to. mo. Tho world you live in, by its wickedness and cruelty, drove me to my death. I am doomed to haunt this place until jus tice is done upon my destroyer.' ' Tou are trying to mislead mo,' exclaimed Barclay. 'You aro no spirit, but a poor, starving, homeless, fOUHg gult XUU llltVU SUUU1CU UllX ewibly, and I havo resolved to restore you to your rights, as well as exact re paration from tho man who has wronged you.' He advanced towards hev as lie spoke and stretched out his arm to seize her. For an instant she seemed uncertain how to act, then oven as his hand seemed to pass bodily through her shape, she melted into the sha dows of the place. This time he did not pursue her. Her mysterious escape, which seemed to confirm her own words, began to impress him with tho belief bhat he had indeed confronted a visit ant from the other world. Next morning, however, cool reflec tion taught him that he might easily have deceived himself in his excite ment. He therefore resolved all the more obstinately to pursue the inves tigation. For three nights following) he sec reted himself in the church and awaited her appearance,, but his watch was fruitless. This caution on her part fully convinced him that he was doal ing with a human being, and not with an impalpable phantom. Meantime, in pursuance of the sus picion which the landlord's story had imparted to him, ho found a pretence on which to make the acquaintance of Stephen iiastburn. The man im pressed him unfavorably at first sight. Tall and gaunt of figure, with small, restless grey eyes, and a false smile, he seemed to Barclay to bo capable of any villainy. The young man was careful to avoid mentioning tho Bup posed ghost, and departed with an in vitation to call again. On the fourth night Barclay again soereted himsolf in tho church. It was cold for the season, and ho shivered in his hiding-place, despite his warm clothing. Hour after hour passed away, and he was beginning to fear that his errand would again prove fruitless, when a faint light in the body of the church caught his eyo. As it roso higher, he could see that it proceeded from a small heap of sticks collected upon the Btono floor. Crouch ing over it, and extending her thin fingers to the flame, he beheld tho figure of the young girl. Evidently overcome with the cold, she had ven tured to indulge in this small com fort, in the hope that it might es cape notice. Pulling off his shoes, Barclay crept up behind hor, and, before sho was aware of his presence, seized her in his strong grasp. ' I knew you were no ghost,' he said, smiling ; ' though, if you con tinue this life much longer you will become one.' She. uttered a faint cry of terror, and sunk upon her knees. ' Spare me,' she sobbed. ' I am only a poor, homeless friendless girl, who never wronger! anyone. Why do you pursue me?' 'For your own good, ray poor girl,'? he said, kindly. ' Why will you not believe in my good intentions 1' ' Why should I?' she cried, pas sionately. ' Did not my father's trusted friend, the man who had sworn to be my seeond father seek my life ?' 'Ah!' said Barclay, with a start. ' My conjecture was true, then. lie decoyed you to the river, and after believing you safely out of the way, left your cloak and hat upon tho bank to give the impression that you com mitted suicide ??' ' Yes,' she answered ; ' but the river was more merciful than lie, for it cast me ashore alive. Sickly with horror, and madly afraid of the whole world, I came here whore my father lay, to die upon his grave. But it is hard for one so young to die. I havo lived here those three months, suffer ing, freezing, dying. That I was taken for my own ghost was fortunate for me, for it kept everyone away from me, and aided me to get what little would keep me alive after night fall. And I have encouraged the superstition. Now you knovv all. If you are the man's emissary, may God forgive you and help mo?' ' I am au emissary of morcy,' Te tnmed Barclay. 'I am here to do justice on a villain, and to restore you to your rights. Will you trust and help me?' irfhe looked up at him ' You have a good, kind face,' she said, offering him her hand. ' I will trust you.' 'Then,' said Barclay, 'keep up the character you have assumed for one more day. To-morrow night I shall bring Eastburn here with wit nesses. Do you play on the organ when you hear ? us enter. When I turn the dark lantern upon you, arise and denounce him as your murderer. We can safely leave him to accuse himself.' ' I will do as you wish,' she an swered, brokenly. ' How can I thank you V ' By following my directions,' re plied .Barclay, brusquely, to hide his own emotion. AVith a few words of advice ho left her. His next move was to go directly to the landlord of the inn, relate the whole story, and secure his support. At ten o'clock on tho next night, in company with the landlord, he culled upon Stephen Eastburn. Cutting short his smooth salution, Barclay said : — ' Mr Eastburn, the obscure manner of your ward's death, has given rise to strange rumors in the village. Her spirit is said to wander in the old church. We desire you to accompany us there to-night in order to set those stories at rest.' Eastburn's jaw dropped, his fane became livid, and he was barely able to reply in a quivering voice : 'Ghost! absurd! T)o von mr-irn to make a fool of me ? I will not go to the church at this hour of the night.' 'Allow me to observe,' stud Barclay sternly, ' that the rumors, unless you aid in dissipating them, may culminate in a charge of murder.' Something significant in his tone seemed to render Eastburn suddenly submissive. ' Of course I will go, out of polite ness if, you insist. We shall probably bag a church mouse. They are pro verbially f o starved as to be incapable of flight.' ? . No reply was given to this lame attempt at humor, and in a very un comfortable frame of mind he wout to the church; and was shown into a pew in the dark between them. After a moment of silence the low tones of the organ sounded all through the church, accompanied by a woman's voice. ? , ' ' What is this 1' said Eastburn, starting up. 'Whose voice was that!' ' Be silent!' said Barclay, sternly. ' Good reason have you to hear that voice with guilty horror.' ; At the same instant the glare from hiB lantern fell broadly upon the organ. Standing boforo it looking down at them, was the figure of Ada Morton. 'Oh, God,' groaned Easuburu, chokingly. 'My sins have found me out, She has come back from the other world to accuse me of her death.' ' Yes, ' said the girl solemnly. ' Stephen Eastburn; you aro my murderer.' ? . ' I confess it,' shrieked tho terror maddened wretch ; ' I ask no morcy from man, for the grave has con demned mo. Take me away — hido mo from this awful sight.'' The light was turned out, and the girl's figure disappeared. Tlio horror smitten .Kastburn, shrieking mingled prayers and curses, was taken to tho village aud imprisoned on the double charge of fraud and attempted murder. In the course oi time he was convicted and punished. On the same day that he was sentenced, Barclay called upon Ada Morton, now installed in her father's house. With her restoration to her rights, she had recovered' her health and beauty, and it was with a strange feeling of mingled hope and fear that the young man took her hand and said : 'I have called to say good-bye, Miss Morton.' The bright smile faded from her face, and a look of pain came in its place. 'You are going away? I had hoped you would stay with us.' 'My work here is done,' ho ans wered. ' I have restored you to your home, and to-day your enemy received tho punishment of his crimes. What more is there to do ?' 'Nothing,' she returned, brokenly, 'but to forgot the poor girl whom you have befrieude'd. That will be easy.' ' No,' he replied earnestly. ' So difficult that I shall never accomplish it. To stay as your friend is impos sible. I must go away and labor to crush out this longing, this lovo for you, which has overgrown my whole heart, or stay to cherish it for your sake. Tell me, dear Ada, which must I do. ' She looked up at him shyly, and came nearer to his side, as sho wish pered, 'Stay.' 