PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29. There not being a quorum at 6 o'clock, the PRHjiDHWdcclarcd the House adjourned until next day. _ LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29. The SPEAKS- took the chair at half-past 4 o'clock. POST-OFFICE AT KING PARROT CREEK. Mr. LANGRIDGE, in reply to Mr. MASON, said inquiries were being made about opening, a post office at King Parrot Creek, and if the circumstances justified it, one would be opened there. DOOKIE FARM. Mr. RICHARDSON, in reply to Mr. L L SMITH, said a debtor and creditor account of the Dookie Farm would be laid on the table. MESSAGE FROM THE GOVERNOR. A message was received from His Excellency the Governor stating that he had that day given the Royal assent to the Act for the Further Amendment of the Law Relating to Neglected and Criminal Children, S A meBBUgo was also received from His excellency the Governor stating that he had reserved the Act for the Reform of the Constitution for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure. PAPER. Mr A. T. CLARK laid on the table an amended regulation under the Beer Act 1888. 'His regulation was that any beer seized under the provisions of the Beer Act might be forfeited at the discretion of the Commissioner of Trade and Customs. THE REFORM BILL. Mr. QUICK desired to bring under the notice of the Speaker the fact that the Reform Bill had been reserved for Her Majesty 4 assent. As the bill was not one altering the constitution he wished to ask the opinion of the Speaker or the Attorney-General as to whether it ought to have been reserved for Her Majesty's assent The bill certainly altered the qualification of members for the other House, but the Supreme Court had ruled that an act altering the qualification of members was not an alteration of the constitution. The SPEAKER replied that he should be very sorry to submit the privileges of that House to the Supreme Court, and would certainly not submit to their decision on such a matter As to the question of the Governor reserving the bill for Her Majesty's assent, he presumed the Governor had acted according to the opinion of the law officers of the Crown. Mr. VALE said no doubt an ingenious argument might have been laid before His Excellency, asking him to assent to the bill, but there was one thing in the bill which was undoubtedly an alteration of the constitution, namely, the reduction of the tenure of office, and he had therefore advised the reservation of the bill for Her Majesty's signature. At the same time it was pointed out to His Excellency that the coming of the Royal assent might be notified to this colony by telegram. "_e SPEAKER said the Assembly had never submitted its privileges to the Supreme Court. Sir JOHN O'SHANASSY stated that in The Argus case-DM v. The Speaker-it was decided by the Supreme Court that they had jurisdiction over the privileges of the Assembly, and the Privy Council confirmed the decision of the Supreme Court. V The SPEAKER said that the Privy Council upheld the privileges of that House. If the Supreme Court was to rule the Assembly he would not sit one hour in the chair. WANT OF CONFIDENCE MOTION -The debate on the want of confidence motion was resumed by Mr LANGRIDGE, who said that on the previous night he was struck by the attitude of the Opposition in their determination to force on the debate, as it was unlike anything he had ever seen before. Mr. KERFERD Like your count out just now. Mr. BERRY-That was quite accidental so far as this side of the House was concerned. Mr LONGMORE-Why,you had 13 members standing outside the door. Mr. LANGRIDGE said that on the previous night only 10 members out of 80 had spoken, and he was therefore glad no definite promise was given to close the debate He did not suppose the debate would after a single vote, but at the same time no hon. member could speak after half-past o'clock with any chance of being reported, and therefore it was not right to force on the debate by sitting too late His hon. colleague (Mr. Mirams) had voted against the adjournment of the debate, and he was sorry for that, because he would not have acted in that way against him. With regard to the motion before the House, he felt that the Government had been treated most unfairly and unjustly. During the last 12 months there had not been so much bitter feeling shown in the House as there was before that time, and he was in hopes the bitter feeling had died out, but if such unfair procedures as were now being followed against the Ministry were to be continued they would only result in raising a bitter feeling amongst politicians like what there was in the past. Last year Mr, Berry had to form a Ministry, and every- body knew that once a person began to form a Ministry difficulties commenced. Mr. MIRAMS.-They need not take the worst men. Mr. LANGRIDGE did not think the worst men were taken, though the hon. member might think so No sooner had Mr. Berry selected his team than his troubles began, and obstacles had ever since been thrown in the way by a certain section of the House to prevent the government being carried on. The Government had, however, carried the Re- form Bill, and whatever might botha feeling in the House about that measure, there was a general feeling of satisfaction in the country that it was passed. Having passed that bill, the Government were entitled to time to consider other measures, but no sooner was it passed than all of a sudden they were met by the bogus motion of the hon member for West Bourke, The motion was supported by the Opposition, but there was no disguising the fact that the hon. member was a catspaw for the Opposition, and he did not know what could be the result of the hon. member acting within Opposition. The hon member for West Bourke was drawn from obscurity by Mr Berry Whenever a Liberal Ministry had been formed there had been a difficulty in obtaining an Attorney-General, and under the circumstances Mr. Berry was no doubt glad to avail himself of the services of the hon, member. hon. members on the liberal side were indeed all glad to see him come amongst them, and nobody regretted more than he (Mr. Langridge) did the course the hon member had lately thought proper to pursue When Mr. Berry brought out the hon. member, he was unknown as a public man, but he was a baronet and a barrister, and by those means he at once became a full blown Attorney-General Mr. LONGMORE-He gave up £000 a year and the right to private practice. Mr. LANGRIDGE.-The hon. member joined the Berry Administration, and now he was acting against them, and he (Mr. Langridge had as much right to attribute blame to him as any other hon. member in that House had. Whilst sitting behind the last Berry Government he (Mr Langridge) on many occasions found himself made a laughing stock of through the ridiculous nations of the then Attorney General to the absurdities in the hon. gentleman's behaviour indeed, was due in a great measure the defeat of that Government. He was offered a place in the present' Government, but declined it, and then a few weeks after they took office he crossed the floor of the House, and had since been continually conspiring against them. He had also shown some jealousy towards the present Attorney General For this there was good reason there had been such a marked contrast bets eenthemanner in which the legal business of the Government had been conducted by the hon gentleman and his successor. The hon gentleman had charged the Government with mal administration in the departments, and in reply to this accusation he (Mr Langridge) would simply ask him to point to a single department which had been mismanaged No strictures had been passed on their administration by the public or in the press, and there were no complaints even among the civil servants The Chief Secretary had been reproached for having been inconsistent, especially by the Corner members he had proved such a plucky and able leader that this was the only way they could attempt to injure him. But as a matter of fact there was no man in that Assembly who had been so consistent as the Chief Secretary In proof of this he (Mr. Langridge) would read 4,000 ?,nf"?PaPer 'be following paragraph headed "A Voice from the Past - inliiSthomcnl"ffof Monday, the 16th July, 1861, for". iT" ago the new Holy Graham Berry and has a. in means of "'<> electors of Collingwood at St. ,,l0J,,AnM Holes Councillor Payne in the Wm.". *.,BmV political career has all through the ,Äb,y cTl8t<!nt niles 20 years ago on the question only disposed of for a time this week, were very pronounced, the reform of the Upper House being thus referred to in the openings his long speech \- ' In the present aspect of things it is a very remark able fact that, while we are spoken of as too democratic, behavour death a Legislative Council utterly beyond the control of the people's House even more aristocratic In its powers than the Upper House of England. For there is with this one no power that I know of short of a revolution which could exercise any control over it whatever So long as we have an Upper House constituted like the present one entirely beyond the control of the electors It seems to me almost absurd to discuss other questions Reform of the Upper House Is then let the first necessity in order to good leg! lation, or li deed to any legislation at ball and those who go into the Lower House Sincerely desirous of carrying any popular measure, must of necessity also anticipate and desire a reform of the Upper House The framers of the constitution and the people of this colony never intended that the Ufptr horse representing the property of a few, should have the power to render nugatory laws passed by the Lower House which represents at once 6th the property and the people of this colony It would be absurd to suppose that a part could be more than the whole and equally monstrous to consider that the Upper House which represents but a very limited section of the people, should have the power of overruling and forbidding the legislation of the Lower House, which represents the whole of them The only proper function of the Upper House is to exercise a check upon hasty legislation, not to frustrate It We may allow the Upper House a power of rejecting or amending a measure when first sent up to it by the Lower House, but if, a certain time having elapsed, it should be solemnly debated and reaffirmed by an absolute majority of the Lower House the Upper House should not have the power of again rejecting It to make us the laughing stock of the world But it is not likely that a power so large as that represented in the state by the present Legislative Council will give way without struggle It could not but be satisfactory to the Chief Secretary to find that he was now carrying out exactly what he advocated 20 years ago True the Reform Bill which had been passed did not accomplish all that was desired, but the Chief Secretary was not to blame for its faults Moreover, m 1801 a reform scheme was proposed by Mr Heales on lines very similar to the bill just passed for it included the lowering of the qualification of members and electors for the Upper House, the retirement of members every two years, and a six years' existence and amongst those who voted for the proposal were the Chief Secretary, the present hon. member for the Avoca (Mr Grant) and the hon. member for Stawell (Mr Woods) This afforded further proof of the consistency of the Chief Secretary, and showed that there had been a change of front by others On the previous ii 'lit the hon member for Maldon charged him (Mr Langridge) with having gone to Maldon to assist Mr Sainsbury at the last election He regretted that the hon. member had condescended to mention so small a thing and to put such a serious complexion upon it. The facts were that he (Mr Langridge) went to see Mr Sainsbury, but stayed at a private house, was only there two hours and did not influence the election in any way in conclusion, he would say, that when he left the departments over which he presided he would be afraid of no successor, for it would be found that they had been properly conducted, and that every one connected with them had received fair play Mr JAMES said it seemed to be taken for granted that hon members opposed to the Government were to have their own way by the mere force of numbers, and that there was no possibility of infusing vitality into the debate During his Parliamentary experience he had never seen a want of confidence motion tabled before without some substantial reason In the present instance, however, the speech of the mover was absolutely without a substantial charge, and he would not have considered it necessary to Boy anything but for the action of the Opposition on the previous night The very moment they felt that they were in a position of power, hon members opposite put down their iron heel of authority, and did all they could to gag the Government and their supporters Hon members on the Government side intended, however, to have their say in spite of them, even if they had to resort to the forms of the House provided for the protection of minorities True, the leader of the Opposition eventually graciously intimated that he would condescend to allow the discussion to go on until Friday, if necessary, and surely hon members ought to be thank ful for that 1 But was not a Government on its trial entitled to something like fairness' The Government supporters had also a right to explain why they were bolstering up the Ministry Hitherto, the House had had the fullest latitude in discussing notices of want of confidence The discussion in 1872, when the Duffy Government was on its trial, lasted 11 long nights , then that on the no one dence motion when the hon member for Beechworth (Mr Kerferd) was Premier lasted seven nights, whilst in 1875, when the present Chief Secretary was head of the Government, the debate continued for eight nights In the present instance, however, an attempt had been made to cut the discussion above on the second night, and positively, before any of the leaders of the House had spoken Since he had risen to speak, he had been twitted with having said on a previous night that he would follow the Government no longer It was true that he did say so, and he was in earnest when he made the statement He was determined that he would follow the Government no further on the Reform Bill, and admitted still that they made a change of front in connexion with that measure which he was not even now prepared to defend. It did not, however, necessarily for low that he was to turn his back on the Government in regard to all other questions But, to the question he feared that it was quite possible that the House was on the verge of disrule The hon members in the Corner were simply playing the cards into the hands of the conservative party, and they were very credulous if they believed that the Opposition would continue to support them longer than it suited their purpose He was rather concerned about the fate of some of those hon members with whom he had been working Mr MIRAMfa-Oh.no Mr JAMES -And especially for his hon friend (Mr. Mirams), who was rather in too great haste to get on the Treasury bench The new Government to which Mr Mirams expected to belong, would be supported by the present Opposition only as long as it suited them, and perhaps they would get the new Opposition to join them in putting out that Government If by any possibility the dissolution of this House was postponed until that date, there was no doubt that the leader of the present Opposition would not face the country until, having the promise of a Jisao lution in his pocket, he had the reins of power at command he was going to vote for the Government With regard to the supporters of the present motion, it would look decent and respectable if they only had something to present to the country to justify what they were doing, but not a single charge had been brought against the Government in relation to their legislative acts The fact was the Government had done the main legislative work it was elected to perform when the Reform Bill was all but unanimously passed The proper time for the hon member for West Bourke to have submitted his motion would have been when the Government brought down their programme after a recess He totally disagreed with the suggestion that the Government should be reconstructed on the basis of a coalition with the Opposition The liberals were sent here to do the work of their party, and he was sure that when they ap- pealed to the country again they would be returned in a large majority Mr LAURENS supposed that the numbers were up, and that it would be idle to ask the hon member for West Bourke to withdraw his motion He had reason to believe that the Ministry would have to go out, but it did not at all follow that the hon. member for West Bourke was fully justified in submitting this motion at this period of the session As to the charge of vacillation it should be remembered that the hon. member for West Bourke was the first man who proposed that the Reform Bill should be referred to a joint com- mittee Like honest men, the Ministers refused that, and passed the bill through the House without alteration It was only when the measure was returned from the Council man unrecognisable shape that it became a question of what could be done in the way of compromise and a conference was accepted There was no change of front or vacillation in the matter on the part of the Ministry He regarded this motion as the outcome of an unholy alliance, which could only terminate in political mischief, or in the destruction of the liberal party He found that the hon. member for West Bourke had given his adhesion to five different reform bills so much for the hon members charge of vacillation Not a single public meeting had been held in any part of the country to censure the Government for what they had done during the session and for every hundred persons who declaimed against the last Berry Administration not one was to be found censuring the present Government The Minister of Public Works and the Treasurer had both done well in their respective departments The Minister of Public Works inherited 1183 persons on relief works from the former Government but these were all employed in other ways at present, and the ii000000 deficit which was prophesied by Mr Service had not been seen fit Argus reported every mail that the labour market was actively employed, that every branch of industry was thriving, and that, in fact, Mr Berry had made this a glorious country for the working man " ("Oh ) He (Mr Laurens) believed that the Government and the House had acted correctly in accepting the Reform Bill in its amended shape, and that that action was generally endorsed and approved of by the great majority of the people of the country. The Government had been true to all their pledges ; they had passed the Reform Bill pure and simple, as they had promised the country, with the exception of the little matter of supremacy in finance for the Assembly. He believed the Government would be turned out on this motion, but he would have preferred the Opposition turning them out on the declaration that they did not like them, instead of on the plea of maladministration. The Ministry, however, was power less for good in the present state of the House, and whatever the outcome might be he hoped it would be for the good of the country, and that the political atmosphere would be purified. Mr. HALL thought the charges contained in the indictment of the hon. member for West Bourke were of too general a character The motion, indeed, might be compared to the ghost in/'Hamlet'-it came in such a questionable shape, It also came at an in- opportune moment (Laughter.) Mr. LONGMORE.-Did you ever know one that didn't? Mr. MURRAY SMITH suggested that the Government should give notice about the Friday sitting. Mr? BERRY -The time has gone by for giving notices. Dr. MADDEN.-Leave can be given. Mr. BERRY.-I don't think leave would be given I do not see why the debate should not be closed on Thursday. Mr. MURRAY SMITH Last night the Attorney-General authoritatively agreed to a Friday sitting Mr. HALL, resuming. said that the tone of the speech of the mover of the motion and of the debate would arouse sympathy for them in the country. Most unaccountable charges had been made against them. The mover of the motion declared that he had voted with the Ministry on every occasion. If so, how could he now and fault H Bill the Ministry? Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN -I said I voted with them on the Reform Bill. Mr. HALL-One of the charges brought by the hon, member was that the Government had effected retrenchment But the Government deserved credit rather than blame for that. Retrenchment was portion of the policy propounded by the party to the country, and, so far as he knew the country approved of it. The mover of the motion, on the other hand, had opposed retrench- ment in the House. Another charge against the Government was that the Reform Bill was a failure. But a whole night had been spent in discussing who was entitled to the credit of having passed it. Did not that charge indicate a change of front on the part of those who made it? The credit of the victory was due to the Ministry and their supporters When it became known to the Council that the Government had decided to reject the bill as sent down by them, some of the members of that House got frightened, and dodged about after members of the Assembly to induce them to accept concessions The Council was brought to its knees, and the Ministry had a perfect right to change their front when the circumstances altered. As to the charge that the Ministry had counted heads, there was no sin in that Had not the hon. member for Brighton, for instance, done the same 1 Mr. BENT.-Yes. Mr. HALL Then that charge fell to the ground. A list had been published in a paper, purporting to give the names of those who would have voted for and against the bill. According to that list, the Opposition would have had a majority. But hon. members had told him the list was not correct He was inclined to think the majority would have been the other way. It was said no one was satisfied with the bill, but 75 members ultimately voted for it. The hon", member for Delatite had made the most definite charges against the Government His first charge was that the Ministry had no policy except that of expediency. But the hon. member adopted their policy when he went to his constituents. His second charge was that they had improperly retained office after defeat in the House. But 75 members, including the Government, voted with the Government Another charge was that they had broken their pledges, and alienated their most earnest supporters But their most earnest supporters were still behind them Those who had been alienated were not earnest supporters., Another charge was that the Reform Bill was opposed to what the Ministry had solemnly pledged themselves to obtain. But that charge he had already answered The Ministry, not being able to get all they wanted, had taken part. Another charge was that the Government knew, when they proposed to discharge the bill, that certain concessions could be obtained from the Council.KA.That knowledge was not obtained by the Government until after that proposition was made. Twenty- 30 members had dence that the concessions were mentioned at the caucus. Mr. FINCHAM.-But it's true. Mr. HALL would not be obstinate in adhering to a statement if 20 or 30 men said it was wrong As to the charge that the Government would not give way until they knew a majority was against them, the actual way in which all members would have voted was not known. Another charge was that the Government were prolonging the debate in order to excite agitation and postpone their defeat But Ministers had said they did not want to prolong the debate. Mr. DUrFY.-How about the connt-out that was tried ? Mr. HALL-The only reason why the debate was prolonged was that the Government supporters should be able to speak He thought he had satisfactorily disposed of the charges (Ironical cheers ) The motion declared that the Ministry had not properly conducted the Government business in the departments He had been treated with the utmost courtesy when he went to the departments and although he had not got in all cases what he asked for, he was satisfied with the decisions. Perhaps the mover of the motion was not so well satisfied. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN. I never went to the departments since the present Government took office. Mr. WILLIAMS,-You are mistaken. Mr. HALL -If the hon. member had not gone to the departments, how could he say the Ministry did not do their work properly in the departments' The real cause of the want of confidence motion against the Government was that there was a dislike against the Ministry, and the dislike had arisen in the minds of certain hon. members because the Treasury benches looked so tempting to them Whatever the Ministry did was wrong with those gentlemen. He had asked himself what would result supposing the hon. member for West Bourke carried his motion, and he imagined it would be found in the long run that the Opposition were making tools of the nine members on the Government side whom they had reckoned upon to go against the Government. Those nine members would be like the nine skittles in an alley they would be set up by the Opposition to be knocked down again. They would be sent to their constituents, and of course a true liberal would be put up against each of them, and then the conservatives would edge in a conservative candidate between the two. If that should be the case, as he promised it would be, there would be a conservative majority in the House. The BO called liberal members would be sent to their constituents for the purpose of furnishing a banquet to the conservatives, who would then come to the Treasury Benches He should like to say a word or two to the gentlemen who sat in the Corner. In his childish days the corner was the place where bad boys were put, and no doubt the members in the Corner were children of a larger growth, and were in the Corner because they were bad boys He also remembered a rhyme about " little ' Jack Horner being in the comer, but he found he had his big brother in the Corner of this House, because there was a " big Jack" there However, he would like to ask the gentlemen in the Corner if they thought they were treating their constituents fairly when they were selling them to put in a Conservative Ministry. To his mind they were acting worse than Delilah did when she sold her husband Samson to the Philistines for self, Mr. MURRAY SMITH I don't think they were married. Mr HALL did not charge the Corner members with selling their constituents altogether, but it looked very much like it, and he asked them to pause before they sold their constituents into the hands of the Philistines The action of the Opposition was not honourable or just in trying to turn out the Ministry after carrying the Reform Bill, and he wanted to know how the conser- vatives could mix themselves up with what they called the radicals in the House rather than with the moderate party on the Government benches and behind them Things were now assuming an alarm- ing aspect, for it appeared to him from the tone of the debate that class was to be set against GIBBS It seemed indeed as if they were coming to the point of setting creed against creed, and if that should happen it would be a worse calamity than ever the agitation on the reform question WOR. The hon. member for the Ovens (Mr. Kerferd) had said the Government ought to have resigned when they found they had not a majority on the Treasury benches, but there was the splendid majority of 75 against 0 on that but. Mr LEVIEN -That was on Sir Bryan O'Loghlen s motion for a conference Mr HALL said Sir Bryan O'Loghlen s motion would never have been earned if the Government had not gone with it. If the Assembly were a palace of truth, in which every man expressed his real feelings, then the true object of the motion would be revealed by the hon members opposite, who with their eyes fixed on the Treasury bench would be heard saying here the hon member burst forth into song] 1 Oh, what must it be too there (Prolonged laughter and cries of "Encore encore ) Mr. BENT -I don't think he would take as a singer, Mr Speaker (Renewed laughter ) Mr. OFFICER said he intended to vote for the motion His position on the Opposition benches was in itself evidence that he had no confidence in the present Ministry He regretted that the motion had not been proposed by the leader of the Opposition, because he had almost as little confidence in the mover (Sir Bryan O O'Loghlen) as in the Government. He had good reason for having no confidence in that hon. gentleman when he remembered what occurred under his management when the Chief Secretary was in England If he were successful in carrying his motion, and in forming a Ministry, he (Mr Officer) would not sit behind him until he found what his policy would be Having been told by a Government supporter that the Opposition had given a guarantee in writing that they would support the incoming Government for 12 months, he desired to take this opportunity of stating that he did not believe the allegation (Hear, hear.) Mr. BERRY -There is no denial from the front bench Mr R CLARK.-It is absolutely untrue Mr OrriCK He had no confidence in the Ministry, owing to their conduct in connexion with the reform question On that question the Chief Secretary had sacrificed all his principles He tried to impose upon the country three schemes, and after they were negatived he stole the clothes of the Opposition, and ultimately their bill was carried over his head And now he took credit for having settled the question He (Mr Officer) dicTnot believe the Chief Secretary had got any principle at all Now, with regard to the land question ("Aye, that is the point ) Yes that was a point, but he was to speak in the interests of the farmers and not for the squatters at all He cared not two straws for the Crown lands of the colony The Crown lands question, however, formed one of the cries by which Mr Service was driven out of office. It was said to the electors, "You must return a Liberal Ministry, otherwise the land ques- son. will be settled by the Conser- vative party, who wish to keep the squatters on the lands Well a liberal Ministry was returned, but up to the present, moment they had done nothing in connexion with that matter The Chief Secretary knew that it was the desire of the settlers to get possession of small grazing blocks, in order to assist them with their farms As yet however, he had done nothing and he was likely to do nothing Then, again, the Government had forfeited confidence by an posing a land tax of a party character, its object being to burst up the large estates Some of these estates might have been got in an improper way, but these were in the minority The great bulk of the estates were purchased in a straightforward manner, when the Crown wanted money and the purchasers had to buy in self defence or in order to secure their runs just as the squatters in Riverina were doing at the present time He had also to take exception to the administration of the Minister of Lands He had invariably been treated by that hon gentleman with courtesy, but there was always too much of 'It a oil right, my dear boy," about him, and no practical work. There was for instance, the Mahony Swamp in the Western district-an are- of 3 500 acres which required draining When the late Minister of Lands was in office he made arrangements to drain it, so that it might be occupied by the selectors who had taken it up and paid the survey fees These selectors had not even yet obtained their occupation licences There were about 20 of them with families who were dependent on them, and they had expended much money in placing timber on the land They were now, however at their wits end in consequence of the present Minister raising an objection on the score of drainage The men, however, offered to drain the swamp for themselves, and the only obstacle in their way was he Minister who always said, " Oh, I must see it for myself, but never did anything So far as the selectors were concerned, then, the hon gentleman was not fit to occupy his present position There was also a just cause of complaint against the Minister of Public Works in connexion with the stone selected for the completion of Parliament-house Proper care was not taken in that selection, and if it had a better stone would have been obtained and money would have been saved, which should have been an important consideration in the present deplorable condition of the finances Credit, however, should be given where it was due to this remark he referred specially to the Minister of Railways whose department was certainly well and efficiently managed (Hear, hear ) Another question he desired to allude to was that of the Chinese Hon members were unanimous that an influx of Chinamen should be prevented, but that it should be done in a legal manner, and without interfering with the Imperial statutes No one knew better that that was the feeling of the House than the Chief Secretary, yet at a meeting held on the 27th May last, in the temperance hall, he attempted to hold this matter up as a burning question, and to pose as its champion Mr M COLL So it is a burning question Mr OffiCER -It was not a burning question in the ordinary sense of the term when there was no opposition to it there was indeed a general concensus of opinion on this subject, but this much was wanted by the Opposition, that everything should be done decently, and in order, and that there should be no unnecessary cruelty and hardship The Chief Secretary made a speech at the meeting he had referred to and the only part he (Mr Officer) disapproved of was that in which he attempted to take upon himself the credit of being the only one who had the Chinese matter at heart, while the fact was he had neglected it for four years. It was recommended at that meeting that every squatter and farmer who employed Chinese should be burned out It was true that the Chief Secretary had left the meeting before that was mentioned, but it was brought under his notice and he took no action in regard to it whatever How different was the conduct of the British Government in the case of Johann Most who publicly advocated the assassination of monarchs He was put upon his trial at once but here was the more heinous offence of incendiarism advocated, and nothing was done The Chief Secretary ought to be ashamed of himself for not having prosecuted the offender That was another reason why he had no confidence in the Chief Secretary or his Ministry, and he should therefore vote for the motion Mr NIMMO remarked that the hon. member who had just resumed his seat was the only one who had ventured upon giving reasons in support of the motion The hon. gentleman commenced by saying the Chinese matter was not a burning question and went on to complain that the Chief Secretary had not dealt with it. The Chief Secretary was no more responsible for that than was the Minister of Lands for the laws and regulations by which the public reserves were governed these having been made by press censors in office This motion was premature, ill judged and ill advised, and it had brought forward at a wrong time, even UBBummg that Ministers were deserving of the punishment it was proposed to inflict It was unjust to the country to press a motion of that kind now the country was very good judge of its own requirements and the voice of the country, whenever it had been expressed, either in the press or on the platform had always been in condemnation of this motion The hon member for West Bourke who sought to remove this protectionist Ministry was himself a firm protectionist and he was receiving his principal support from staunch freetraders Surely this was an unholy union A ram pant freetrader, whom he had known for 25 years, had told him only that day he was sorry the motion had been brought forward because he considered the departments were never better administered than under the present Ministry With regard to the passing of the Reform Bill, the Government were justified in not rely HIL upon any promises of concession made on behalf of the Upper House, because it was known that though Mr Service had promised that his bill would be accepted by the Legislative Council Sir Charles Sladen had quite recently said he had no authority for making such a statement The Chief Secretary allowed great discretion diplomacy, Bound wisdom and foresight in acting as he had done 'There was a small section in the ROUse who blamed the Chief Secretary for having consented to a reform bill which did not go far enough, and which made the other HOUSe stronger than before He (Mr Nimmo) had always advocated the strengthening of the Council, because that would put the Assembly on its mettle No regulations that could be framed, no laws or bills that could be devised, would ever bring about a real reform in this colony unless one thing was added, and that was union in the I Assembly (Hear, hear.) The sole secret of the strength of the Council was the weakness of the Assembly. When the Assembly stood like the House of Commons, upon its rights and privileges, the other Chamber would give way at once In 1861, when the House of Lords threw out the Duty Bill, the House of CUIUDJOUB at once appointed a committee of 21 of its most eminent members from all sides to search for precedents Sir JOHN O SHAN ASSY That is an example you cannot follow here Mr NIMMO only regretted that we could not follow it here Immediately on the receipt of the report of that committee the House of Commons put down its foot and said, " Our rights must not be tampered with by another place, the constitution of England is at an end if we be not the sole depository of the power of finance and legislation ' What followed' 'They took the rejected bill, tacked it to a revenue bill the next year, and the House of Lords passed it In this country the moment the Assembly's acts were interfered with and its privileges challenged, they found the strong party on the Opposition benches ready to join with the Council, and become the mouthpiece of the members in another place If, however, the Assembly acted as one man in asserting its rights and privileges the Council would never attempt to interfere in either finance or taxation He could not understand upon what principle the hon member for West Bourke was guided in the position he had taken up If he (Mr Nimmo) lost confidence in the Berry Administration he would at once resign his Beat, tell his constituents that he could not continue to support the Government be had been elected to follow and support, and seek reelection That was the course which the hon. member ought to have followed, and although the hon. member for Boroondara was as honest a politician as there was in the country, and had as Bin. cere a desire as any man to promote the interests of the colony, he (Mr Nimmo) believed that hon member had acted wrongly in giving his adhesion to the motion before the house The people of the country were too sensible to stand the Ministry which must follow if the hon member for West Bourke undertook the for motion of one, and he (Mr Nimmo) did hope and trust His Excellency would feel it his duty to grant a dissolution at an early day, so that the people might be appealed to to settle the question in a proper way (Hear, hear ) No other Treasurer had been treated the same way as Mr. Berry, He was in the position of a cashier of a commercial house who was told to have his accounts balanced on a certain day, but who was immediately given other work to prevent his opening his books or looking into the accounts How could that man he expected to be prepared when the day of reckoning came ? It was scandalous to place any man in such a position The Chief Secretary had proved himself a public spirited man in the true sense of the word Where would our Victorian industries have been but for his action during the last 14 years' Thousands upon thousands of our male and female population were now engaged in earning their daily bread in an honest way who never would have been in their present position but for the protectionist movement heralded by the hon gentleman He (Mr. Nimmo had no hesitation in saying that that hon. gentleman's name would be remembered with gratitude in years to come, and that his virtues would be appreciated by succeeding generations The hon member for West Bourke was misjudged by some as to his motives in bringing forward his motion Some people were inclined to attribute his present action to ecclesiastical more than political motives, and to the fact that he was aimingatunderroiningtheglonoua structure of our educational arrangements Personally he (Mr Nimmo) did not agree with that view, because he thought no man in his senses would ever attempt anything of that Both in this colony The first man who would strike a blow at our educational arrangements would be doomed politically in a very short space of time But public opinion was directed in the way he (Mr Nimmo) had indicated, and he considered it advisable to \- let the hon. member know it. He hoped the hon member would reconsider the matter, and see that it was his duty to recede from the position which he had taken up, and to withdraw his motion. Let the Ministry go into recess and prepare their measures for next session, and if the policy then enunciated was not such as the hon. member could approve of, he could then consistently bring forward his motion at the proper time. Mr. DOW said that the difficulty experienced in speaking against the motion was that nothing was brought against the Government that was worth replying to Mr BERRY Hear, hear. Mr. DOW supposed the numbers were up, that the Government were going out, and that they would not get what they ought to try hard for namely, a dissolution If there was a likelihood of a dissolution, he did not believe the motion would have been brought forward the motion would cause a great waste of public time, and on those who supported it much responsibility rested He did not believe the straight Opposition would assist the mover of the motion to the extent of joining with him in a Government As to a dissolution, surely the present Government were entitled to one if Mr Service was (Ministerial cheers ). The party stood high in the estima- tion of the country, too, and even their opponents acknowledged that the departmental administration was efficient Why did not the Opposition, which had been coun- selling moderation, Show some now ' It had been said the Government could have been put out of office any day during the last few months But they could not have been touched until the Reform Bill was settled It was not till that question was disposed of that this indecent rush was made at the Treasury benches What sort of opinions had been expressed about the Corner men by the Opposition members ' An Opposition leader had said he would not touch them with a 40ft pole The mover of the motion was mild when making his speech, and he did not want to rake up everything against the hon. member But what had the Opposition said about his man administration of the departments In past times, when he had charge of the Government? At that time nearly everyone in the country, conservative or liberal, wished the Chief Secretary back The hon member used to talk about shipping the Governor home. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN -I never did. Mr BURROWES.-That was an Age report. Mr DOW-It was the hon member for West Bourke who had caused the title of "Berryism" to be applied to the Liberal party. It was the hon. member's faults that had given the party a bad character. The hon. member had been the blackest sheep of the party, and had been described, alike by friend and foe, as blundered in chief Sir Boyle Roche was a fool to the hon member, he could not put his hand to anything with out blundering It was the hon. member who brought ridicule on the party, and gave it bad names, such as the "extreme party and the blundering party " The hon member was going, too, to associate himself now with such men as the hon. member for Ripon There was strong evidence that the Opposition would not ally themselves in a Ministry with these Corner mon The hon member for Warrnambool had said he would not take office with them, and it was not likely that (he hon. member for Boroondara would take office with men whom he had said he would not touch with a 40ft pole Mr MURRAY SMITH -I never said any such thing. The saying was invented for me by the Age Mr. DOW -The Corner party would not have the all ian co of the straight Opposition, or present Ministerial party The coming treasurer, Mr Mirams, had received his share of attention, too, from the Opposi- tion He (Mr Dow) believed in a national bank, but he did not believe in the hon. member a ideas of issuing paper notes without any special behind it How could the Opposition ally themselves with the new Chief Secretary, and Attorney-General, and Treasurer, and Postmaster General The great aim of the latter, he believed, was to be a Minister long enough to be able to write, " The Honourable L L Smith on his pill boxes That hon member certainly had shown that he knew enough to be aware the new Ministry could not last long, but he also knew it would last long enough for his purpose 'the Opposition could not ally themselves with the Corner, and if they could not do that, why could they not allow the Ministry to got into recess ' Mr MIRAMS -And ally themselves with the Opposition afterwards "r DOWIE hat would be better than playing with the Corner Mr MIRAMS Hear, hear Mr DOW bald if there was not a dissolution there must eventually be a coalition Ministry He did not like a dissolution, but under the circumstances he said the Government should do all they could to obtain a dissolution, and let hon members go to the country quickly in order that the people might settle matters Let there be one party of some Junr, and let the Comer businesss be quenched immediately Hon members knew now what the Opposition had arranged with the Corner The latter were to be allowed to go to the country, and not to be opposed by new members of the Opposition, but they could not prevent Conservatives outside from opposing the new Ministers If the new Ministers were returned, they were to stand or fall by their programme. Sir JOHN O'SHANASSY. Where was all that arranged? Mr. DOW replied that the hon. member was getting inquisitive, and knew as much about the matter as he did, " Sir JOHN O'SHANASSY. Exactly- and that is nothing at all. Mr. DOW said that when the now Ministers went to the country the Opposition would be able to Bay if outside conservatives brought candidates against them that they could not prevent their doing so. Mr. BENT.-Wo will show you about that. Mr. DOW.-Supposing Mr. Harper were to oppose the Attorney-General ? Mr. BENT.-He would not do it, Mr. Hall said the Liberals would go against the new men. Mr. DOW.-The liberals would have very little chance, because a conservative could step in between the liberal candidate and the new Minister, and BO if nine or ten Straight conservatives were returned, conservatives would have a majority in the House. Mr. .BENT.-That is a low standpoint. Mr. DOW was aware it was, but circumstances forced him to take it, and he was sorry to have to argue from such a point The Opposition were calculating the Ministry would not come back, and that even if they did they would be able to smash them up by the help of the party at present in power. The hon. member for West Bourke was sent to the House 10 months ago by honest working men to represent liberal principles, and then he quietly walked across the floor of the House, and sold the men like bullocks, without giving them a chance. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN. It is false; the selling is on that side. Mr. LONGMORE.-Hear, hear. Mr. DOW.-Such Statements would not avail hon. members when they went to the country, and when an election came they would know their mistake. At every election he had seen the cry had been something like " Do you support Service? " or " Do you support Berry?" and at the coming elections it would be, "Did you support Berry?" or " Did you support Murray Smith?" The hon. member for West Bourke was sent to the House to support the liberal party, and he had deserted it. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN was sent here to support liberal principles. Mr. DOWisaidJie had the greatest possible objection to a dissolution. He had no wealthy organisation to fight for him. An HON. MEMBER.- YOU have the Age. Mr. DOW.-It is said the support of the Age hurts a man in the country. Personally he objected to a dissolution, because liberals were not supported in their contests by wealth. He would, however, prefer one at the present time, because it would' be better to end the intriguing which was going on in the House, and refer the position of parties to the" country. An election would 'mean much hard work and trouble for him, because as usual he would be bitterly opposed, but he was confident as to the result. The liberals were staunch supporters, and performed work for their candidates which money could not buy. True, many of them accepted money from the conservatives, but they used it for their own side. He did not approve of this, but' it showed that these men were thoroughly imbued with a desire to return liberal members to Parliament, And what would the Minister of Public Works of the new Government (referring to Mr. M'Kean) say to a dissolution ? Mr. M'KEAN.-The hon. member has uttered the greatest untruth he ever uttered in his life if he refers to me in the capacity of the next Minister of Public Works. Mr. DOW.-Well I am not quite sure of the exact position you are to occupy. Mr. M'KEAN.-I have never been spoken to on the subject. The SPEAKER Order, order. r Mr M'KEAN.-I wish you would keep -bonruiembers-farthe-trutb;-* Mr. DOW.-The present attempt to jump the Treasury bench was an intrigue based purely on personal motives. Look at the hon. member for West Bourke (Sir Bryan O'Loghlen) As he had not had his share of office, he had been continually nagging, annoying, and harassing the Government, wasting time and obstructing public business. Indeed, he had not given the Government so much fair play as they had received from the straight Opposition. Then there was the hon. member for Ripon and Hampden, who was also left out. Sir JOHN O'SHANASSY. You and the Age put him out. Mr. DOW could aver that he had nothing to do with it. Whilst the hon. member was in office, he gave him a faithful support. Mr. LONGMORE.-By attacking me from behind on the first opportunity. Mr. DOW.-I criticised the hon. member's blunders, but they eventually were so bad that he had to get rid of him. When the hon. member is in office, there is no one quieter. In fact, I could hardly got him to make a reply. Mr. LONGMORE.-That was what annoyed you. Mr. DOW.-But when you leave him out of office, why there is not a man in the straight Opposition a patch upon him. I believe he was once asked if he ever supported a party of which he was not a Minister, and he replied, " Of course, I never support a party of which I am not a Minister, because a party in which I was not a Minister could not have been a proper one." (Laughter.) Mr. LONGMORE.-It is a pure invention and a falsehood. Mr. DOW.-Here, then, we see the personal element running all through this intrigue, Mr. M'KEAN.-Stop your personalities. Mr. LONGMORE.-The hon. member is telling a series of most deliberate lies with, reference to me, and I ask the Speaker to keep him in order. The SPEAKER said the hon. member for Ripon and Hampden (Mr. Longmore) would have to withdraw the words " deliberate lies." Mr LONGMORE.-I withdraw the" words in respect to the House, but they are perfectly true. is Mr. RAMSAY.-It is a most contemptible style of speaking. Sir JOHN O'SHANASSY. The hon. member for Ripon and Hampden has said again and again that the statement made by the hon. member for Kara Kara is untrue, but so far from apologising,' the hon. member for Kara Kara has persisted in adhering to his remarks. That is not a proper line of conduct. The STEAMER-The hon. member for Kara Kara is bound to accept the hon. member for Ripon and Hampden's denial. Mr. DOW.-I never dreamt of not withdrawing the remark, and I withdraw it at once. (Hear, hear.) Mr. M'KEAN.-Withdraw what you said about me, too. (Laughter.) Mr. WOODS.-And withdraw your speech. Mr. BENT.-And yourself. (Laughter.) Mr. DOW,-I know it is not advisable to pursue this style of speaking, because no style is so objectionable as that which is based on truth. Mr. M'KEAN Mr. Speaker, the hon. member, by stating that his style of speak ing is based on truth, again repeats his c offensive remarks. So far as I am concerned, his style is untrue. Mr. DOW.-It is very "unfortunate that hon. members should go on in this way. (Laughter,) Mr. M'KEAN.-Mr. Speaker, are you going to allow this The SPEAKER will not allow the hon. member to interfere with me in the performance of my duty. (Hear, hear.) Mr. M'KEAN.-Then you ought to be master of the situation. Mr. DOW said he was only showing that the intrigue which was going on was inspired bypersonalmotives. Hewaeonly dealing with public matters, and every hon. member was a public matter. A cry had been raised that the Government should die easy, but it simply meant that the Government should resign, and allow their opponents to take office without the risk of a dissolution. If there was to be a dissolution, there would be none of this disgraceful intriguing. Hon. members, however, should see that a coalition Ministry would only result in a waste of time. Would it not be better, then, to settle the matter at once by appeal- ing to the country? He was surprised at the uneasiness his remarks had excited, for he was one of the mildest and most amiable men in the House-(laughter)-but the turmoil he had created reminded him of the fact that the more a statement was true the more it was a lie. No great libel was a libel at all unless it was a truth. Mr. BOWMAN said the hon. member who had just resumed his Beat had talked about the Corner voting against the Government, but he did not know now the straight Corner was going to vote. He (Mr. Bowman) would remind the House that if it had not been for the Corner there would have been no reform bill this session. As one of the five who voted against the bill, he deserved no credit for the passing of it but the Corner deserved credit for having insisted on the Government bringing in a reform bill. The hon. member proceeded to reply to Major Smith's attack on the hon. member for West Bourke, and said it was very bad taste to bring charges against an hon member after his Government had offered him office. The Minister of Railways had also railed against the former colleague in the same strain, though when sitting in the same Ministry with him he had over and over again said he was the only man in it with a backbone. The Minister of Railways had also asserted that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen desired to tamper with the Education Act, though everyone knew that it he obtained office he had not the slightest intention of interfering with that act If a liberal Government could be formed, he (Mr. Bowman) would support the motion , but as no such Government could be formed, he must oppose it. He had always had a great regard for the Chief Secretary on account of his abilities, and his unvarying courtesy to hon. members both inside and outside the House; but the Minister of Education was ever ready to threaten penalties for the smallest departure from his views. He owed this Government no allegiance. Indeed, the Attorney-General had tried to injure him and other members of the House, but he did not follow men-he followed measures. He (Mr. Bowman) told the electors of the Minister of Mines that he would prove a traitor to them, and he had already proved so. The Reform League which had supported him had broken up, disgusted with his action in the Assembly The Minister of Lands had also been guilty of most unwarrantable conduct. When before his constituents he held out inducements to them by placards. Mr. RICHARDSON.-I deny that I had anything to do with them. Mr. C. YOUNG.-I saw the placards ray self. Mr BOWMAN repeated that the Minister of Lands offered to the electors, if they voted for him, to throw open the forest and timber land which ought to be preserved. The hon, gentleman and the Chief Secretary had also promised the House that no reserves would be dealt with, but he (Mr. Bowman) was informed that that promise had not been kept. If this were the case they certainly were not deserving of any confidence The Attorney-General had ability of a certain sort, but he had tried to injure him (Mr. Bowman) both in the House and out of it A few evenings ago he made an insulting remark with regard to some tea which he (Mr Bowman) had sold, but he had never sold or had any tea in his possession which he was afraid to pass through the Customs. The Minister of Railways on the previous evening said that the Government were going out on green tea and crime do loose." Such remarks should not be allowed in the Assembly. Mr. WOODS -They are a disgrace to the Assembly. Mr. BOWMAN hoped the leader of the Opposition would assist the Speaker in putting a stop to such remarks. The SPEAKER -I have never received the slightest support at any time Mr. BOWMAN, proceeding, said that the speech of the Minister of Railways was nothing short of a coalition speech, and showed that he was trying to please the Opposition with a view of joining a coalition Government Every attempt had been made by the members of the Government to disgust the Corner members. but those were the only members who had been true to their pledges there had been more change of front with the present Government than with any Government he had seen in his life. Mr L. L. SMITH.-Why do you support them ? a Mr. BOWMAN -It would be from their constituencies that the members of the Government would receive their reward, because they had humiliated themselves If they were to go out, the Government should do so honorably, and not go out with the whites and plead for mercy to the Opposition which they had heard from the Attorney-General and the Minister of Education Uno but which had been passed was not a Liberal but an Opposition measure, and one formulated in the Council the a hon members who had opposed it had kept true to their pledges, and the electors of Maryborough recognised this by passing a vote of confidence in the action which he (Mr Bowman) had taken. They also expressed confidence in the Chief Secretary, but none in his Ministry, He had of late opposed the Government on account of the Reform Bill, which was totally different from the scheme submitted by them to the country. Mr. McCOLL moved the adjournment of the debate, stating he did so with the consent of the Ministry, and remarking that there was a ball next night which many members might like to attend. Mr. MURRAY SMITH -We ought to go on a little longer. As to the ball, I am unaware of any precedent for adjourning such a debate for the purpose of a ball Mr. BERRY -We shall not. The debate will be continued to morrow. Mr. LONGMORE-I think we should adjourn now. Mr. FRANCIS said that the fullest latitude ought to be allowed to the Government under the present circumstances. Several hon. members had wasted time making speeches that night on irrelevant matter, and that course should not be continued. Mr. BERRY said he had no objection to the debate going on the next night without adjourning for the ball, or to its being finished then if that were found practicable, but he disagreed with the hon, member who had sat down about long speeches being made on irrelevant matter, as he had seldom heard Speeches more to the point. The debate was then adjourned. ADJOURNMENT OF? THE HOUSE. The HOUSE then at a quarter past 11 o'clock adjourned to the following day. 