| THE A* j Judging from present apj)e(aancfes the dumber of contested elections lot ttie Assembly will be exactly tbe same as in 1878\. In six • electorates only are "there io indications of a contest, Sad in the case of lour of these the matter is now jjlaced foejona the region bi -nnpert^iirty., Victoria, .East Toitens,. and Barossa yesterday returned their former members Unopposed, while Motmt Barker nave been so satisfied with the two candidates who offered themselves, one of whom entirely new to political life,- that no encouragement was offered -to &; third Oandidateto come forward.The .Ministry Bav© not fared quite so well as fchey did tix 1878. Now, as then, ihl-ee of their number have been returned unopposed. Three years ago, however, the opposition offered to Mr. Playford in East* Torrens was little more than a sham, and Mr. Boucaut had nothing to fear from the competition for the representation of Encounter Bay. This year Mr. Fowler is met by determined opposition in East Adelaide, and Mr. Symon, who has no Parliamentary experience to fall back upon, has to run a race with three other aspirants for the honour of representing {Start in the new Parliament. Thus far the elections cannot be said to furnish a very decided clue to the state of public feefing.about the Ministerial policy.^ With-, but wishing to disparage the political labours ,of Messrs. Plajford and Smith, it is certain that iheir return unopposed is due more to their well- deserved personal popularity, than to their Parliamentary action. No opponent would have had the ghost of a chance against them, and therefore they were allowed a walkover. In Victoria • the absence of opposition Iseems to have been owing entirely to the difficulty of finding suitable candidates willing to enter the lists against Messrs. Hawker and Glyde, both of whom have well nerved their constituents. There is, however, no political significance in the election. Both candidates addressed the feame meetings, Mr. Bjawker defending the Government and chanting its praises, Mr. Glyde bringing vehement accusations against it, and vowing determined opposition to it in the future. Yet both candidates received a unanimous vote ^ of approval from their constituents ! Many persons will say that Victoria is now jvirtually unrepresented ; but the truth is that the district is probably more com- pletely represented than most of the others will or can be under our present imperfect system of representation. It is too much to believe that all, the electors of the most southern constituency in the colony are strong partisans of the Ministry. As it is the views of both sides will be heard in the House, though 'neither side can be said to have secured.a triumph. * The^ result of the Barossa election is -more significant. For a long time opposition was threatened. The action of Mr. Basedow in joining the Morgan Ministry was severely censured by a section of his constituents,'who claimed to speak on behalf of the rest. The new Minister was subjected to a special and lengthy cross-examination as to' his views about the ad valorem 'duties, and some of his inquisitors professed; to be extremely dissatisfied with his ^answers. Yet their courage seeing to have failed : them, and the late members are the present representatives of the district, their return having been unopposed. Two or three circumstances account for this collapse. The Colonial Industries Defence Association is fighting^ under false colours. Its name does not fairly indicate its real objects, and while some of its prominent members are seeking under cover of its movements to advance directly protectionist views, others are avowedly Freetraders, and simply contend that the existing 10 per cent, ad valorem duties should not be interfered with. These duties the Government do not intend to touch in their contemplated revision of the tariff, and it is therefore ot difficult to see why 3uch a promiscuous organization should be afraid to ring forward a candidate in Barossa. evertheless, the fact that no candidate was brought forward is a pretty conlusive proof that the Association is not early so powerful as it claims to be ; and n this respect the lesson which the arossa election teaches is one. which ther districts will do well to ponder. It is an unfortunate circumstance that he new Parliament will be elected some onths before the new roll can come into orce. It is bad enough that there should be such inequalities in the numerical trength of the voting power in the istricts as now exist, , but it is iworse evil that the rolls are in many respects exceedingly defective. For this the Returning Officers are hardly to blame. They cannot be expected to know all the changes which take place, and hence, in spite of the revisions which have been made since the Electoral Act of 1879 was passed, the official lists by no means accurately represent the strength of the constituencies. Another unfortunate circumstance is that there is no opposition policy. Had there been a directly protectionist movement that would have been intelligible. Had there been anything like concerted action among the Opposition on the question of taxation, or any other burning question, the issue to be decided by the electors would be considerably simplified. As it is, there seemB good reason for believing that in many of the districts the contest will be decided more by local considerations and personal pre- ferences than by any great political principle. Even in East Adelaide, where the Colonial Industries Defence Association have a candidate of their own, the issue is complicated by the circumstance to which we have referred—that the name of the Association does not indicate the views of its members or the real objects contemplated in starting the organization. Still in that constituency there will be the nearest approach to a definite issue placed before the electors, and hence the result of the contest is being looked forward to with a large amount of curiosity. KOBB V. MAKN.—When this case was called on before the Supreme Court on Tuesday, the counsel for the plaintiff (the Attorney- General) stated that a proposal had been made by the Government on Monday for settling the action, and a counter-proposal had been forwarded to the Government by the plaintiff. A most grievous misunderstanding seemed to have occurred as to certain details connected with the case, otherwise the difficulties that had arisen in the way of settlement could not possibly have come about, and he therefore proposed to take advantage of His Honor's offer on Friday to discuss such points in Chambers. Sir. Grundy, on behalf of the defendant, agreed to the proposal, and the Court was adjourned till S o'clock in the afternoon, to allow the discussion in Chambers to take place. The conference in Chambers took place in the afternoon, but the parties were finally unable to arrive at any settlement, the chief stumblingblock being, it is understood, the deductions to be made in price in respect of differences between the quantity of materials in tbe work as actually carried out and in the original designs. The case will be resumed in the Supreme Court this morning at 10 o'clock, when the cross-examination of Mr. Patterson will be cemmenoed. " THB GAEDBN AM> Fibid."—An advertisement in this day's issue asks subscribers to the Garden and Field who have not received the April number of that periodical to communicate that fact at once with the proprietor. He bas reason to know that t tiro ugh the deliberate neglect of a runner many copies of the paper were not delivered. SB" ICE CBKAM. ICB Ckiak. Ice Okuam.—J. Jackman, of 48 aad 60, King WLffiam-afcreet, and 117 'Rundle-street, wishes us to inform the public thaMfes Creams of various -flavours can be obtained, consittftig •ol Vanilla, Baspbeny, Strawberry, Lemon, and Pintapple. Dinner parties and picnics supplied. JacV m&n;'s Dining-rooms, 48 and 60,-King William-street, »nd 117, Bsndle-ctzeet. Znree coonei. One Shilling Ladies mm upatalK. Opened from 7am tme p.a. rUsraic • , : £ 