THE STILLWATER TRAGEDY. (From the Atlantic Monthly.) It is close upon daybreak. The great wall of pines and hemlocks that keep off the east wind from Stillwater stretches black and indeterminate against the sky. At intervals a dull, metallic sound, like the gutteral twang of a violin string, rises from the frog-infested swamp skirting the highway. Suddenly the birds stir in their nests over there in the woodland, and break into that wild jargoning chorus with which they herald the advent of a new day. In the apple-orchards and among the plum-trees of the few gardens in Still- water, the wrens and the robins and the blue-jays catch up the crystal crescendo, and what a melodious racket they make of it with their fifes and flutes and flageolets. The village lies in a trance like death. Possibly not a soul hears this music, unless it is the watchers at the bedside of Mr. Leonard Tappleton, the richest man in town, who has lain dying these three days, and cannot last till sunrise. Or perhaps some mother, drowsily hushing her wakeful babv, pauses a moment and listens vacantly to the birds singing. But who else? The hubbub suddenly ceases — ceases as suddenly as it began — and all is still again in the woodland. But it is not so dark as before. A faint glow of white light is dis- cernible behind the ragged line of the tree- tops. The deluge of darkness is receding from the face of the earth, as the mighty waters receded of old. The roofs and tall factory chimneys of Stillwater are slowly taking shape in the gloom. Is that a cemetery coming into view yonder, with its ghostly architecture of obelisks and broken columns and huddled head-stones? No, that is only Slocum's Marble Yard, with the finished and unfinished work heaped up like snowdrifts — a cemetery in embryo. Here and there in an outlying farm a lantern glimmers in the barn-yard ; the cattle are having their fodder betimes. Scarlet-capped chanticleer gets himself on the nearest rail-fence and lifts up his ran- corous voioe like some irate old cardinal launching the curse of Rome. Something crawls swiftly along the grey of the serpentine turnpike, — a dog- cart, with the driver lashing a jaded horse. A quick wind goes shivering by, and is lost in the forest. Now a narrow strip of two-coloured gold stretches along the horizon. Stillwater is gradually coming to its senses. The sun has begun to twinkle on the gilt cross of the Catholic chapel and to make itself known to the doves in the stone belfry of the South Church. The patches of cob- web that here and there cling tremulously to the coarse grass of the inundated meadows have turned into silver nets, and the mill- pond— it will be steel-blue later — is as smooth and white as if it had been paved with one vast unbroken slab out of Slocum's Marble Yard. Through a row of button-woods on the northern skirt of the village is seen a square, lap-streaked building, painted a dis- agreeable brown, and surrounded on three sides by a platform — one of seven or eight similar stations strung like Indian beads on a branoh thread of the Great Sagamore Railway. Listen ! That is the jingle of the bells on the baker's cart as it begins its rounds. From innumerable chimneys the curdled smoke gives evidence that the thrifty housewife — or, what is rarer in Stillwater, the hired girl — has lighted the kitchen fire. The chimney-stack of one house at the end of a small court — the last house on the easterly edge of the village, and stand- ing quite alone — sends up the smoke. Yet the carefully trained ivy over the porch, and the lemon verbena in a tub at the foot of the steps, intimate that the place is not unoccupied. Moreover, the little square-rigged schooner which acts as weather-cock on one of the gables, and is now heading due west, has two new sky- sails. It is a storey-and-a-half cottage, with a large expanse of roof, which, covered with porous, unpointed shingles, seems to repel the sunshine that now strikes full upon it. The upper and lower blinds on the main building, as well as those on the extensions, are tightly closed. The sun appears to beat in vain at the case- ments of this silent house, which has a curiously sullen and defiant air, as if it had desperately and successfully barricaded itself against the approach or morning; yet if one were standing in the room that leads from the bed-chamber on the ground floor — the room with the latticed window — one would see a ray of light thrust through a chink of the shutters, and pointing like a human finger at an object which lies by the hearth. This finger, gleaming, motionless, and awful in its precision, points to the body of old Mr. Lemuel Shackford, who lies there dead in his night-dress with a gash across his forehead. In the darkness of that summer night a deed darker thau the night itself had been done in Stillwater. That morning, when Michael Hennessey's girl Mary — a girl sixteen years old — carried the can of milk to the rear door of the silent house, she was nearly a quarter of an hour later than usual, and looked forward to being soundly rated. "He's up and been waiting for it," she said to herself, observing the scullery door ajar. "Won't I ketch it! It's him for growling and snapping at a body, and it's me for always being before or behind time, bad luck to me. There's no plazing him." Mary pushed back the door, and pushed through the kitchen, nerving herself all the while to meet the objurgations which she sup- posed were lying in wait for her. The sun- shine was blinding without, but sifted through the green jalousies, made it a grey, crepuscular light within. As the girl ap- proached the table, on which a plate with knife and fork had been laid for breakfast, she noticed, somewhat indistinctly at first, a thin red line running obliquely aoross the floor from the direction of the sitting-room and ending near the stove, where it had formed a small pool. Mary stopped short, scarcely conscious why, and peered instinctively into the adjoining apartment. Then, with a smothered cry, she let fall the milk-can, and a dozen white rivulets, in strange contrast to that one dark red line which first startled her, went meandering over the kitchen floor. With her eyes riveted upon some object in the next room, the girl retreated backward, slowly and heavily dragging one foot after the other, until she reached the scullery door, then she turned swiftly and plunged into the street. Twenty minutes later every man, woman, and child in Stillwater knew that old Mr. Shackford had been murdered in his bed. Mary Hennessey had to tell her story a hundred times during the morning, for each minute brought to Michael's tenement a fresh listener hungry for the details, at first hand. "How was it, Molly? Tell a body, dear!" "Don't be asking me!" cried Molly, pres- sing her palms to her eyes as if to shut out the sight, but taking all the while a secret creepy satisfaction in living the scene over again. "It was kinder dark in the other room, and there he was, laying in his night gownd, with his face turned towards me, so; looking mighty severe-like, jest as it he was agoing to say 'It's late with the milk ye are, ye hussy!' — a way he had of spaking." "But he didn't spake, Molly darlin'?" "Niver a word. He was stone dead, don't you see. It was that still you could hear me heart beat, saving there wasn't a drop of a beat in it. I let go the can, sure, and then I backed out, with me eye on 'im all the while, afeared to death that he would up and spake them words." "The pore child! for the likes of her to be wakln' up a murthered man in the mornin'!" There was little or no work done that day in Stillwater outside the mills, and they were not running full banded. A number of men from the Miantowona Iron Works and Slocom's yard — Slocum employed some seventy or eighty hands — lounged about the streets in their blouses or stood in knots in front of the tavern, smoking short clay pipes. Not an urchin put in an appearance at the small red brick building on the turnpike. Mr. Pinkham, the schoolmaster, waited an hour for the recusants, then turned the key in the lock and went home. Draggled-looking women, with dish-cloth or dust-pan in hand, stood in door-ways or leaned from windows, talking in subdued voices with neighbours on the curb-stone. In a hundred far-away cities the news of the suburban tragedy had already been read and forgotten; but here the horror stayed. There was a constantly changing crowd gathered in front of the house in Welch's Court. An inquest was being held in the room adjoining the kitchen. The court, which ended at the gate of the cottage, was fringed for several yards on each side by rows of squalid, wondering children, who under- stood it that Coroner Whidden was literally to sit on the dead body, — Mr. Whidden, a limp, inoffensive little man, who would not have dared to sit down on a fly. He had passed, pallid and perspiring, to the scene of his perfunctory duties. The result of the investigation was awaited with feverish impatienoe by the people out side. Mr. Shackford had not been a popular man ; he had been a hard, avaricious, pas- sionate man, holding his own way remorse- lessly. He had been the reverse of popular, but he had long been a prominent character in Stillwater, because of his wealth, his end- less lawsuits, and his eccentricity, an illus- tration of which was his persistence in living entirely alone in the isolated and dreary old house, that was henceforth to be inhabited by his shadow. Not his shadow alone, how- ever, for it was now remembered that the premises were already held in fee by another phantasmal tenant. At a period long anterior to this, one Lydia Sloper, a widow, had died an unexplained death under that same roof. The coincidence struck deeply into the imaginative portion of Stillwater. "The widow Sloper and Shackford have made a match of it," remarked a local humourist, in a grimmer vein than customary. Two ghosts had now set up housekeeping, as it were, in the stricken mansion, and what might not be looked for in the way of spectral progeny! It appeared to the crowd in the lane that the jury were unconscionably long in arriving at a decision, and when a decision was at length reached, it gave but moderate satis- faction. After a spendthrift waste of judicial time the jury had decided that "the death of Lemuel Shackford was caused by a blow on the left temple, inflicted with some instrument not discoverable, in the hands of some person or persons unknown.' "We knew that before," grumbled a voice in the crowd, when, to relieve public sus- pense, Lawyer Perkins — a long, lank man, with stringy black hair — announced the verdict from the doorstep. The theory of suicide had obtained momen- tary credence early in the morning, and one or two still clung to it with the tenacity that characterises persons who entertain few ideas. To accept this theory it was necessary to believe that Mr. Shackford had ingeniously hidden the weapon after striking himself dead with a single blow. No, it was not suicide. So far from intending to take his own life, Mr. Shackford, it appeared, had made rather careful preparations to live that day. The breakfast table had been laid over night, the coals left ready for kindling in the Franklin stove, and a kettle, filled with water to be heated for his tea or coffee, stood on the hearth. Two facts had sharply demonstrated them- selves — first, that Mr. Shackford had been murdered; and, second, that the spur to the crime had been the possession of a sum of money which the deceased was supposed to keep in a strong-box in his bedroom. The padlock had been wrenched open, and the less valuable contents of the chest, chiefly papers, scattered over the carpet. A memo- randum among the papers seemed to specify the respective sums in notes and gold that had been deposited in the box. A dooument of some kind had been torn into minute pieces, and thrown into the waste basket. On close serutiny a word or two here and there revealed the fact that the dooument was of a legal character. The fragments were put into an envelope, and given in charge of Mr. Shackford's lawyer, who placed seals on that and on the drawers of an escritoire which stood in the comer, and contained other manuscripts. The instrument with which the fatal blow had been dealt — for the autopsy showed that there had been but one blow — was not only not discoverable, but the fashion of it defied conjecture. The shape of the wound did not indicate the use of any implement known to the jurors, several of whom were skilled machinists. The wound was an inch and three-quarters in length, and very deep at the extremities ; in the middle it scarcely penetrated to the cranium. So peculiar a cut could not have been produced with the claw part of a hammer, because the claw is always curved, and the incision was straight. A flat claw- such as is used in opening packing cases, was suggested. A collection of the several sizes manufactured was procured, but none corresponded with the wound ; they were either too wide or too narrow. Moreover, the cut was as thin as the blade of a case knife. "That was never done by any tool in these parts," declared Stevens, the foreman of the finishing shop at Slocum's. The assassin or assassins had entered by the scullery door, the simple fastening of which, a hook and staple, had been broken. There were footprints in the soft clay path leading from the side gate to the stone step ; but Mary Hennessey had so confused and obliterated the outlines that now it was impossible accurately to measure them. A half-burned match was found under the sink — evidently thrown there by the burglars. It was of a kind known as the safety match, which can be ignited only by friction on a strip of chemically pre- pared paper glued to the box. As no box of this description was discovered, and, as all the other matches in the house were of a different make, the charred splinter was preserved. The most minute examination failed to show more than this. The last time Mr. Shackford had been seen alive was at six o'clock the previous evening. Who had done the deed? "Tramps!" answered Stillwater, with one voice, though Stillwater lay somewhat out of the natural highway, and the tramp — that bitter blossom of civilisation whose seed was blown to us from over seas — was not then as common by the New England roadsides as he became five or six years later. But it was intolerable not to have a theory ; it was that or none, for conjecture turned to no one in the village. To be sure, Mr. Shackford had been in litigation with several of the corporations, and had had legal quarrels with more than one of his neighbours; but Mr. Shackford had never been victorious in any of these con- tests, and the incentive of revenge was wanting to explain the crime. Besides, it was so clearly robbery. Though the gathering around the Shack- ford house had reduced itself to half a dozen idlers, and the less frequented streets had resumed their normal aspect of dullness, there was a strange electric quality in the atmosphere. The com- munity was in that state of suppressed agitation and suspicion which no word adequately describes. The slightest cir- cumstance would have swayed it to the belief in any man's guilt ; and indeed there were men in Stiilwater quite capable of disposing of a fellow-creature for a much smaller reward than Mr. Shackford had held out. In spite of the tramp theory, a harmless tin-pedlar, who had not passed through the place for weeks, was dragged from his glittering cart that afternoon, as he drove smilingly into town, and would have been roughly handled if Mr. Richard Shackford, a cousin of the deceased, had not interfered. As the day wore on, the excitement deepened in intensity, though the ex- pression of it became nearly reticent. It was noticed that the lamps throughout the village were lighted nearly an hour earlier than usual. A sense of insecurity settled upon Stillwater with the falling twilight — that nameless apprehension which is pos- sibly more trying to the nerves than tangible danger. When a man is smitten inexplicably, as if by a bodiless hand stretched out of a cloud — when the red slayer vanishes like a mist and leaves no faintest trace of his identity — the mystery shrouding the deed presently becomes more appalling than the deed itself. There is something paralysing in the thought of an invisible hand somewhere ready to strike at your, or at some life dearer than your own. Whose hand, and where is it? Perhaps it passes you your coffee at breakfast; perhaps you have hired it to shovel the snow off your sidewalk; perhaps it has brushed against you in the crowd ; or may be you have dropped a coin into the fearful palm at a street corner. Ah, the terrible unseen hand that stabs your imagination — this immortal part of you which is a hundred times more sensitive than your poor perishable body! In the midst of situations the most solemn and tragic, there often falls a light purely farcical in its incongruity. Such a gleam was unconsciously projected upon the present crisis by Mr. Bodge, better known in the village as Father Bodge. Mr. Bodge was stone deaf, naturally stupid, and had been nearly moribund for thirty years with asthma. Jubc before nightfall he had crawled in his bewil- dered wheezy fashion down to the tavern, where he found a sombre crowd in the bar- room. Mr. Bodge ordered his mug of beer, and sat sipping1 it, glancing meditatively from time to time over the pewter rim at the mute assembly. Suddenly he broke out, "S'pose you've heerd that old Shack- ford's been murdered." So the sun went down on Stillwater. Again the great wall of pines and hemlocks made a gloom against the sky. The moon rose from behind the tree- tops, frosting their ragged edges, and then sweeping up to the zenith hung serenely above the world, as if there were never a crime, or a tear, or a heart-break in it all. On the Afternoon of the following day Mr. Shackford was duly buried. The funeral, under the direction of Mr. Richard Shackford, who acted as chief mourner, and was sole mourner by right of kinship, took place in profound silence. The carpenters, who had lost a day on Bishop's new stables, inter- mitted their sawing snd hammering while the services were in progress; the steam was shut off in the iron-mills, and no clink- ing of the chisel was heard in the marble yard for an hour, during which many of the shops had their shutters up. Then, when all was over, the imprisoned fiend in the boilers gave a piercing shriek, the leather bands slipped on the revolving drums, the spindles leaped into life again, and the old order of things was reinstated — outwardly, but not in effect. Good Advice to a Judge. — Jim Webster was brought up yesterday before an Austin justice of the peace. It was the same old charge that used to bother him so much in Galveston. After the evidence was all in, the judge, with a perplexed look, said: — "But I do not comprehend, Webster, how it was possible for you to steal those chickens when they were roosting right under the owner's window, and there were two vicious dogs in the yard." "Hit wouldn't do yer a bit of good, jedge, for me to splain how I cotched dem chickens, fer yer couldn't do it yereelf if ye tried it forty tames, and yer might get yer hide full of buckshot de berry fust time yer put yer leg ober de fence. De bes way for yer ter do judge, is fur yer ter buy yer chickens in de market." — Texas Siftings. 