T8S mm. LITERACY C0SSIP- Mrs. Catharine F. Aslimead Windlc, of Philadelphia, fancies she lias found an allego rical undermeaning running through " the works called Sliakspoare's," disclosing their author to have been no otber than our dis tinguished countryman, Francis -Bacon, Lord Verulam. A company of Gaelic scholars has been ap pointed to undertake a revision of tho Gaelic Bible. It is also stated that tho Rev. D. Blair, a Canadian Celt, is about to issue a new Gaelic version of the Psalms and a Gaelic grammar. In Germany as well as in England tlio work of revising the standard translation of tlie Bible has been going on for some time, and Luther's Bible, it must be remembered, is clothed by popular opinion with even more sanctity than our own authorised version. The German Revisers, who are mostly university professors, hold their meetings every spring and- autumn, in various towns in Central Ger many. About ten years ago they terminated tho revision of the New Testament, and they are now occupied at Halle upon their final consideration of the Old Testament. Amongst books for tlio young, published by Messrs. Sampson, Low, Marstou, Searle and Rivington, wo find announced. Tlie Science Ladders, by N. D'Anvers, author of " Heroes of North African Discovery," " Heroes of Soutli African Discovery," &c.; The Science Ladders form a Series of Readers intended to teach the great Laws of Nature in lan guage simple enough to be intelligible to eveiy cliild who can read. Purely elementary, they aim at awakening the powei-s.-of wbsorvaHon and of reasoning — thus making teachers and: pupils fellow-workers from the first. Messrs. Kcgan, Paul, 'Drench. and Co. have added to their list of pubHbalTons to issue im- 1 mediately : — The Alphabet; a.IGstory <if the: Origin nnd Development of Graphio Symbols, by the Rev. Isaac Taylor ; Tlie Egypt -of the Past, by E. Wilson, F.R.S., with numerous ! illustrations; Philosophy and Religion: Selec tions from the MS. of tlie late .Tames Hintcm. Messrs. Macmillau and Co. announce imme diately : — Voyage of the Vega, by Adolph Erik "Nordenskiiild, with five steel portraits, numerous illustrations and maps, 2 vols, medium Svo.; Science nnd Culture and other Essays, by Professor Huxley, F,R,S., demy Svo.; The Makiug of England, by Jolin Rioliard Green, M. A., LL.D., with maps, 8vo.; A Literary History of tlie Nineteenth Cen tury, by Sirs. Olipliant, 3 vols., Svo. ; Visions of England : Series of Lyrical Poems on Lead ing Events and Characters in our History, by- Francis Turner Palgrnve, Crown, Svo. ; Natural Religion, by tho author of "Ecce Homo." It is understood that the appointment of Historiographer-Royal for Scotland has beon offered to Mr. William Forbes Skene, LL.D., D.C.L., on the ground that liis historical re searches point Mm out as the person most fit to fill it. Mr. Skene is tlie well known author of " Celtic Scotland," " The Four Ancient Books of Wales," and various other works throwing much light on tlie early history of Scotland, and displaying a rare knowledge of the Celtic language ana of Celtic literature : and it is believed that the conferring of this lionor'on a scholar and historian of such distinction will give universal satisfaction. He succeeds John Hill Burton, LL.D., D.C.L., who received the appointment in 1867, and held it till the timo of Ms-death. MA Burton's predecessor wan - MA George iBiodie,: advocate, author of the " History of the British Empire, from the accession- of Charles I. to tho Restoration," published in 1822. Mi Ernest ' Renan baa' addressed to the Italian anti-clericAl clubs-a letter, in which Wo discusses the question -of tho -cOnneoHon be tween Church aud State, and pronounces in' favor of the most absolutely complete liberty. The lHfUAWhMi is d&tied; Rome,' 28th October; says: — Wbon tho State' wan conntitnted on a> broader-- base; comprising, masses of 'human beings more or'-' loss imbued with the same- belief, it "Wrcr also natural that there should have been a Stato religi&n.; But in' our day; teVeryifiirtg-iftMirlflged ) there' no longer 'bxist- tasy biUbyMg : onuses,." though therei-ato -be lieving, individuals. Whether it bo a thing to be regretted or rejoiced at; it is a fact that Hie 'inhabitants of large towns no longer go either to- cliufch cr'tBrnfile,' atid' they will not bo lnihieed to -rotattt Hie tcwfls'bf edondaVy -importance and the i country- plaMiffdllew thor emhe ten- doncy, Tho. progress of . public instruction goes . on diminishing; more and more the quantity of superstitionlnfused into buntanlty. Now the day cnii be foreseen" wlien tlie belief 'in the supertiatftYal (I do not tray in'tlite idfeal) will bo oS intafliti Actable as fnlth-in- witclies nuil ghosts is at- the- present time... In snob A- -situation what-shduld -bo the attitudo of. civil society? Evidently, neutrality. The State contains persons belonging to various Churches— Catholics, Protestants, Jews. In addition to thoso, it contains a class of people which, for my part, I find the most worthy of interest. TMs class is what Saiutc-Beiive called " Le Grand Diocl-se" — I mean those people who, out of respect for truth, do not imprison it in a determined formula, but rest content witli modestly doing good, without daring to believe that tliey a)one possess tlie truth. In the midst of this diversity the Stato can have but one single rulo of conduct, which is, to ab stain, to declare itself incompotent, to occupy itself no mora with tlio religious opinions of its members than it does with their opinions on art nnd literature ; and, abovo all, to grant privileges to no one. Guarantees he would hlvve, but he would have them for all, "for that sacred thing par excellence which is tho human conscience, for faith, for science, for liuman intelligence and for numerous excellent things which have been persecuted so long. The best of guarantees is the commen jaw, when it is liberal." 