[?] Songs from the Mountains.* It needs not now to urge that Mr. Kendall has acquired his full right to rank among true poets. His claim was made clear a good many years ago, and he has steadily maintained it. Even when there fell ;Js upon him a mysterious darkness, his own light of M genius, fitful though it might be, shone with a scarcely ,~m lessened brightness. Clouds were over his head, and M shadows fell athwart his path, but the fire of his inner . soul was un quenched. Perhaps both then, and at other times, it has had a lambent and a lurid rather than a bright and clear quality, and to those who judge of the poet's character wholly by this volume just issued it will appear as if these songs had been conceived and chanted in gloomy valleys, rather than upon breezy mountain tops. For, with few ?exceptions, they are variously sad and solemn, and weird, and moody, and sometimes even they are suggestive of horror, despair, and desolation. But tthey have all the character of being true projections of the writer's mind. They seem to be cries of suffering, confessions of sin, tears of remorse. He himself un reservedly alludes to the strange moral infirmity from which he has suffered, so that there is no reason for any reticent avoidance of its mention here. In that dirge-like wail, entitled ' Narrara Creek,' which he tells us was ' written in the shadow of 1872,' he .says : — B ' Thou knowest, 0 sister of deities blazing, IS With splendour ineffable, beauty amazing ; |S What life the gods gave me, what largess I tasted, i.w The youth thrown awav, and the faculties ?wasted. Mn I 'fight, as thqu sceet, hare stood in high places, kH Instead of in pits, where the brand of disgrace is ; yX A bye-word for scoffers, a butt and a caution, jK With the grarc of poor Bums and Maginn for iny portion.' ' S It would seem, indeed, as if he were one of I those too many examples, illustrative of Dryden's 9 proposition, wherein we are told, that : ' Great fl wits to madness sure are near allied,' and that fl we cannot have the genius of the poet, unaccom H panied by a certain measure of defect. Poetry, jfl like pearls, would sometimes appear to be an jfl educt of disease. And certainly, looking back fl along the funereal procession of the years, during fl which these ' Songs from the Mountains ' have been fl written, and remembering all that has happened in I the experience of him who has uttered them, they fall fl upoji the ear as the lamentations of a soul, tossed jfl rudely in the heaving ocean of a grand unreason. [B For nearly all of them have the tone of suffering. ; fl They smite upon the ear as midnight cries, ? crushed :.fl out of the heart of a man overcome with unappeasable fl regrets, whose eyes are red with weeping, whose linibs fl are weary with the sore travel of retracing a lost path, mm and whose throat is parched for lack of the cool waters S of the hill-side spring, from which he had unwisely 9 and unresistingly wandered away. For all that, they w are affluent in poetic richness. They are full of V» pictures, Dantesque, Doresque, if you like, but *Wt nevertheless pictures that fill the mind with a curious |9| longing for the scenes they depict. They fascinate JB you by their terribleness ; they draw you by a Wt witchery you shudder at, but do not resist ; they Jfl hold you in the thrall that a beautiful spectre might ;^H exert ever you. They are highly dramatic, and full :|B cf that inferential tragic interest which whispered |^B ? horror, only half-revealed, possesses. You cannot ffl: always translate literally the fearful story that is told :'|B by them, but the story is none the less a vivid one. !-B, 'The form of the dread tiling may be covered with a 'jfl' pall, but its nature is perceptible none the less. Take :jfl| in proof that picture he calls ' Cooranbean.' There j^B is the slow trickle of blood, and there are the husky 'Wm mutterings of crime in every line of it. But the '^B story is told, as an inscription might be re ^B vealed, by the blaze of an electric flash, amid ;;^K sullen thunder. It prompts the imagination to CHj conduct the mind through a whole history of baneful ^H deeds. j^R It is not to be understood, however, that because 9K the prevailing colouring of Mr. Kendall's poetry in ^B this volume is sombre, it is unrelieved by intervals of \\*^m light. Of scattered lights, indeed, there are many, for jgjBJ all that they are meteoric, electric, or coruscating ; but, JIBS now and then, we get, for a little while, the ifl soft sheen of a sky just cleared of rain jSBJ clouds. At such moments, he is tenderly beauti |SB ful ; but it is only like the horizontal glow |Bc tuat precedes the twilight, and which is, soon -1B after, followed by a clouded night. It may be that .;|B if Mr. Kendall's own life had been a less troubled )tB1 one, his poetic bias would have been principally in :ijfl *ne direction of tenderness. In the poem inscribed, flB ' After many years,' one can see, with little difri -jgfl 'Culty, how circumstances have influenced him in the gfl -course he has taken. Thus, he says : — BS ' ^bc song that once I dreamed about, BB The tender touching thing, 9K A.s radiant as the rose without, IBs The love of wind and wing. 9k Thc Perfect verses to the tune IBM Ot woodland music set; ijSB As beautiful as afternoon, jSS Remains unwritten yet.' BB Here we seem to have an insight into his early -BB longings after that which is gentle and peaceful ; but, SK immediately after, he thus sadly sighs out his re - ' flfl ' It is too late to write them now, : BB: 'r'Je ancie.nt fire is cold : ['SB No ardent lights illume the brow, ^?S As in the days of old. ^?1 I cannot dream the dream again, |9B But when Uie happy birds ';$§? Arc singing in the sunny rain, H I think I hear its words.' J^R This longing after a dreamily soft repose shows ^B itself also in ' Orara ' :— 3|fl « The world is round me with its heat, .' jSK And toil and cares that tire ; ?-J^Bf I cannot with my feeble feet f| Climb after my desire. iJ5j| But .m *he ^P °* lands unseen, MM Within a secret zone, Balfe There shine diviner gold and green jjjJH Than ever man has known.' MB *n *^at perfect poem entitled ' Persia,' the name ^BK that he tells us he has given to his little daughter, we jSB ®ee how completely his mind is amenable to the Vfl sweet influence of lovable things : — '.^Bj ' All women and men who have known S§ The sickness of sorrow and sin, S| Will feel, having babes of their own, .§BS MJ' yerse and the pathos therein. a^B For that must be touching which shows iS^B How a life has been led from, the wild, '^BK To a garden of glitter and rose, 9BJ By the flower-like hand of a child.' |^fl __ 'Araluen' is a monody, and. the picture suggest ||BJ| ing it is the grass- covered grave in the forest where SSI another child lies. It is very tender and very sad. IBB j?ut il is a11 gentle and soft, aiid quite free from the JHfl levrous heat which radiates, like an infective vapour, |9Bjj from some of his poems in this collection, as for ex ample in ' The Curse of Mother Flood,' of which this stanza may be taken as an example : — ' Here in a pit with indefinite doom on it. Here in the fames of a feculent moat ; Under an Alp with inscrutable gloom on it, Squats the wild witch with a ghoul at her throat. Black execration that cannot be spoken of ; Speech of red hell, that would suffocate song, Starts from this terror, with never a token of Day, and its loveliness, all the year long.' But sometimes the humourous fit has come upon him, and then he has revelled in a mocking merri ment such as we might expect in a mind prone to look upon the shaded side of things. There is a grim com icality in 'Black Lizzie,' in ' Jim the Splitter,' in ?'Bill the Bullock-driver,' in 'Billy Vickers,' in 'Peter the Piccinanny,' and in ' Black Kate,' at which you cannot choose but laugh ; while, at the same time, you are conscious of a fierceness of contempt felt by the writer for creatures who, claiming human fellowship, have but little right to be considered higher than the lower animals. Indeed in ' Rover,'' Mr. Kendall is at no pains to conceal his opinion in which, moreover, it may be said that he is not singular, that some dogs are a great deal more worthy of our friend ship than some men. 'Bob' is one of those plaintively moving stories, thatmake one glow with a refreshing fervour of salutary benevolence. If Mr. Kendall were to be known as a poet only bv this little history, he would be regarded as a man of immeasurably compassionate sympathies, and, no doubt, compassion is a strong element in his character. Like all poets, his nature is com posite, and his moral attributes are a good deal in conflict. But even remembering how perplexingly the gold of his genius has been mixed with the scoria of imperfections, it is clear, for all that, that the song of human joy or the wail of human suffering, echoes through all the inner chambers of his heart. He proves incidentally that the poet comprehends all humanity in the scheme of his operations, and that the first condition of poetry is a wide cosmopolitanism. Looking at this volume of poems as a feature of our Australian national life, it cannot but be regarded as other than very significant, the more so, as it is, by no means, a solitary indication of those signs to which we think we have a good right to point. On the other side of the world it is still only by exception, that persons are found who know that wr- are out of the nonage of that elementary social life in which the rough necessaries of existence are the principal if not the sole consideration. As a matter of course, we who are here smile at this ignorance in the face of very patent demonstration to the contrary;- but if we wanted to offer particular proof of the truth that we have grown beyond the adolescence of a first settle ment in a new country, we could hardly do better than select these 'Songs from the Mountains'! in demonstration. For those who are wholly given up to the hard exigencies of material wants have neither leisure nor inclination for those intellectual occupations which infer a nice culture of the imaginative faculties. They may feel occasionally the afflatus wafted from wild nature, or prompted by startling events in which accident, or strong passion is concerned; but they are not thereby persuaded into any record of them, other than un garnished chronicle. It remains for a much later period in the development of a nation's pro gress, to put its thoughts into song. The real poet marks a period of social consolidation, in which the finer attributes of men's minds are brought into play. It is not forgotten that there were poets and poetry in ages and countries that we call barbaric, but the ages had come in succession to those long precedent, and the countries if, by com parison, semi-civilized, were countries with a historic past. It is because Australia is beginning to have its history and.its traditions, and because its inhabitants are crystallizing into communities and sections of communities, that poetry is deepening into the soil, and spreading out its leafy branches to the sun. Men like Henry Kendall are a district consequence of this national maturing, and we may be lenient to their faults, not only because they show us the increasing measure of our growth, but on account of the influence of their labours upon others. For the poetic instinct increases by emulation and strengthens by example. It is not that every cultured man and woman will write verses like these ' Songs from the Mountains,' but every educated person who reads them may learn therefrom, how different the world may be made to work, if it be but viewed through the sapphire medium of a luminous fancy. The primrose by the river's brim, may be much more than only a primrose, if it be but rightly estimated. The simplest objects of everyday experience may fill the mind with a glowing joy when we have learned how full of the higher life they are. Sky, tree, flower, rock, stream, dell, solitary plain, or crowded street, have each their magic to delight or thrill us, if we have sensitised souls to receive the impressions they can communicate. And Mr. Kendall shows us, practically, how we are to look at familiar things, so as to derive from them in fluences thatunreceptive mindsare incapableof feeling. The ' Songs from the Mountains ' ' Avill haply be read by some who may marvel what is meant by them ; but they will evoke from other hearts, very different responses. Sad songs though many of them be, they are full of great thoughts and lofty aspirations. You may dislike them because they are not all chanted in unison with the bright noontide hymn ; but you cannot deny that they are all of the music that floats high above the level of earthly grossness, and that sings, if sometimes among clouds, yet always far above the spires and mountains, although these are loftier than the level of the unbroken plains beneath. There may come a time when this poet of the Austra lias, having passed into the summer afternoon of life, andhaving forgotten, or ceased bitterly to remember, Jthe buffeting tempest of his earlier days, will sing psalms of restful joy. And then, perhaps, his true calling as a poet will be made more widely known, and be more readily admitted by those who have either overlooked or disputed the claim made in his behalf by those to whom these ' Songs from the Mountains ' are full of rare poetic inspiration.* * From a review which appeared in the Sydney Morning Ilerald of the 12th instant, over the well-known initials, 'Win. 1).,' ?we take the following :— ' It is eighteen years since Mr. Kendall published his first volume of Towns and Songs;' and fourteen since he was honoured by a fairly appreciative notice in a leading organ of English literary criticism. There had been an earlier notice of Mr. Kendall in the pages of the London Athenaeum, in which, to use the words of the writer, his strong poetic faculty and power, which no amount of learning can bestow, had been frankly recognized ; but in the issue of the same journal of the 17tU February, 1866, there appeared a just and certainly by no means a discouraging estimate of Mr. Kendall's work. He had sent to the editor a bulky MS., accompanied by what he describes as ' a very modest and sensible letter ; ' and the English critic (who, by the way, as indeed we might naturally suppose, has manifestly the very slightestacquaint ance with our 'literary efforts in the colony), honestly addresses himself to the work put before him, arid unhesitatingly pro nounces Mr. Kendall to be a poet. And although some of Mr. Kendall's contributions were treated with scant courtesy (notably the allegorical poems about America, ' Elijah ' and ' ltizpah,' with their 'carefully chosen Scripture phrases, which were referred to in a delicately free thought and irreyerential vein), and no high opinion was expressed of his meditative pieces, yet the strength and vigour of the writer were promptly acknowledged, and his power in the treatment of indigenous subjects highly praised. 'The Song of the Cattle Hunters,' and tfce ' Ghost* Glen,' both of which were quoted at length in the pages of the Atficnwum, formed the subjects of special commendation, and were accepted as intimations of what the author might beprivileged to achieve if he marched under what M'ordsworth finely calls the ? banners militant ' of ' effort and ex pectation and desire.' Mr. Kendall's English critic concluded with. these words :— ' If Mr. Kendall continues to exert his faculty as successfully as he has done in these two pieces, England, as well as Australia, will gladly recognize his place as a singer. He has both disadvantages and advantages in his distant sphere, but the latter preponderate. He occupies virgin soil, stands in the midst of a societv whose characteristics have never yet been mirrored in eong wnile English writers are throwing up their pens yearly because they can assimilate nothing new. Let him seek in the great life around him those human forms of humour, pathos, and beauty which, touched by the gifted hand, cannot fail to win the hearts of the public; and let him use his local colouring— aprecious treasure-to illustrate truths which are universal. It is impossible, of course, to say how he would succeed in the profounder labour of dramatic insight— such faculty as he shows in the poems before us being distinctively a lyrical facility ? but that he has gifts there can be no question ; and his communication to us is so modest and sensible that we are assured he will put these gifts to the best use, leave his imitative efforts behind, and strike out in the path which he is most suited to explore.' Since the bestowal of this honest advice, and the expression of thi6 deserved and encouraging culogium, the object of it has had a hard and continuous struggle with the stern reali ties of life. He has had, certainly, no lack of opportunities for the intensest study of ' forms of pathos,' and his education as a poet has seemingly not been deficient in the elements of suffering and sorrow. A great living poet and essayist in a well-known critical paper has said that ' the lesser poets are poets prepense ; tho greater are at once poets of their own making and of natures equi distant in their line of life from the mere singing bird and the mere student.' Mr. Kendall, whatever the world may deem of his title to be ranked with the latter has unquestionably the one char acteristic, that he stands midway between the singer and the student.' _^__^______^_^___^_^^________ 