THE GHOST OF ALDRUM HALL. \- "It h nearly midnight now; let oa g» uprtaira, sad wa't for thi» unearthly vleitenr," .1 enggeeted. ' Tbe very thing to be done," answered iPhil, seizing on a candle and his -QlgSt CHBi xjriug iQBt Df>tt|v vJi eoui, .'Charlie, slid come on. ' .We'll overbad this mystery before we're mooh older." TTretairs we daahed with noise enough to bave >f. frighted a Scire of ghosts. Phil proposed we should aeeroh tbe corridor and psasage at onoe, bnt Jack wonld not agree to it. " If We did ex wo should probably not hear any- thiog to-n'ght." he said. "Let oe sit down and wait" We lit a freah' cigar a-piece and mt down, Jack nod I on either eide "f the fireplace, Phil in the window seat. He was, I believe;' 'he dolv «ne of the trio who th>- ronghlv oojoved the proepee of a viait from "mm 'deoeened .-cial-r or mncertrees. W- were nileat bTl the obnrch olock a'rnck twelve ; we onmpered watches, and I wee about tn make B ">>'e irr levant re-nark, when J ark turned hit head towards tbe d-ior quiohly, and at tbe earns moment I distinctly heard tbe light footfall onte.de, and the enft weep of B' drees oo the flw ; Phil beard It too, and was on bil feet as soon ea -I area. - O-Htuh," said Jaok nnder hie breath. " Pot the "candle 'not of the draught, and we'll go into the paw are." Hs opened tbe door noiselessly and stood there for a second in the doorway ; then he went ontnde, and Phil and I followed. There wee nothing to he seen save one ray of moonlight— one soft, brilliant ray failing thronrh the iittle window wttheond of the passage— and a length of. 'shadowy spaoe between Gl and that weird, cold light ; hot skill the quick, orations footsteps came on and on. I oaonnt deacribe the feel ing of'borrar and dismay -with whioh I listened tothe rent! -tap. tap of those high- .beeled shoes, coming from cot of tbe dark ness, or the strange deeire that I hai to laugh wben.PMl put:Bp his eye-gUst and starrd Uaekly at.thst window opposite and its little alit of light ; cooKnonz aU the time that to save my life I oooldn't have epoken a word. -I rottenly know what I expected to ee emerge from those black shadows to pass through the square of faint yellow light that atreamed from oot oar open door. The foot steps name on, -bat nothing else. I heard on- little keel set down on' the very same polished oak board on which my foot wet planted ; L ccnld bave ewofn Kelt s alight vibration, and I heard the a oft rootle at a drees, bnt I saw nothing. " Hallo 1" rolled ont j-ck. . " Who'a that!" , Hie voice (sonde hoarae with suppressed excitement, .anfl, ore ton-sound had died away, an awfol derpsirmg shriek rang ont, it seemed »t onr WT fo=fc:. Phil started and hstf mattered ar. rexhUmation. Jeto tamed to him. " Yn« re." ho aaid, harried;. . 'H -s I t : Uim" ::W' d«d ,. 1 ifac! p.. H>- f> ' '"iW '"k-'-.Ut. corridor beyond, and In another moment Jack and I followed with tbe light. We were not very early next morning. In came Mrs. Brown with the coffee and cutlets, and a panotnality-U-a-virtae expression of coun tenance, the moment she heard tie in ibe breekfaet-room. Phil followed her io, la bim elipprre, careering hie moustache ele.pi'y. " Mrs. Brown," he began, over ber abonider. " This boose is hsnnted." Mrs Brown set the diah down on the table with a bang, and tamed ronnd to look nt her master with re- speetinl bnt unmeasured contempt. " It's not honrei that ia hannred sir, it's f.dke th-meeVr-a, with their own wicked th- uel. " ah- eaid, severely giving me ar .he eme t m- a stern glance ronnd tbe C-..D r I.. . a - border — a fnr.>fic. 01. in «h t mo i- be wold have done honour to V-<ib»» lw-e a maker of b>H>ke, end iberaf'Mea wieke.. and abandoned m-mher of society in the gur-d .ady'e eyes ; end Jack, as ore of tbo-e " wicked bofficers," otly e th.de lees guilty, Twelve o'clock that same night we were all three pacing up and down the ebubb-ry by th light o! oar cigars aud the moos ; Jack In a beitifio atlenoe tbftt disdained to ntw»r or even listen to the rnoniog fire of ch»ff kept op on either eide of him. " Hello !" exolaimed Pfail at last, u we wheeled rouod far eootber taro down the walk, Her«? she i».n Trne enongh, there waa the white dress eod irolden head gleaming io tbe moon- light, not thirty yerda Io front of ua. We went forward slowly, and in another moment tb girl waa close to na, lookiog straight before ber as if eheaw nothing but the long, dark vista of tbe walk, and the mooolit lawo at the end. Her face waa perfectly white and colourless, aod there seemed to me a cer tain indiatinctcets, a something shadowy about it aod indeed ber whole tigore — that I had not notioed os the former occasion of our meeting ber. Wentworth stepped io front of her and raised bia hat : 44 1 beg yonr pardio," he began, and then slopped— he was speaking to nothing 1 My eyea hsd been fixed oo him and on tbe girl, ioteotly ; I bad not tkkeo them off for one second— do, oor one teoth part of a second — bnt, as the words had left bis lips, I could see him only ; the little whiLe figure hsd dii&ppesrcd;, and the piece where it bad atood waa empty j and, hat io band, Phil paused, staring iu mote amazement. " Are we all msd T he exclaimed fiercely, wbeeliog ronnd on na. "I oppose we must be," I answered 11 And, in that oase, we had perhaps bttrergo to bed, and leave farther investigations toll to mor- row." " 111 investigate aod get at the bot tom of this confounded mystery before I'm much older," Phil rejoined in a passionate tone. 14 X-see no fun in being mads a fool of night after night." " Well, come in and wait in the gallery j there is Bora to be a row of some kind to-night." Jack knocked the eabee .from his oigar es he spokr, throat bia hands deep down in his pockets, and marched od. We made the beat of our way bade through tbe shrubbery into the bouse, with watchful eyea bent on every turn of the walk, and opening in the trees ; Wentworth questioning oa both aa to what we had seen, afid as to tbe precise moment whtu tbe epparitioo, whatever it might b?, hsd dieap peered from our view , Jack's accouot agreed in every particnlar wivh mitt-. Phil himself had eeen oothing more than we bad, < r failed to see as much. The plot thickened. Arrived upstair, be took op bis station io the archway, a light on tbe bracket at his elbow, end Shot at his feet. Jack aod I stood oo either side of ' be cpeo dr>»r»ay of oor room, pertly in tbe shadow. ? b h use waa perfectly silent — Mrs. Hr and h-r spouse having retired « ret sr»mr '«<> hours before— and oo sound broke th+- lu'ecse still neas but that of onr own quick hiea'.hiog, so occasional low whine from Shot au an answering growl from his F-r my own part, I must confess to a v.y f- veot hope that this, our fourth vigil, w< nH b? an Dodiitnrbed one, nod d'd not like Went worth's nervous irritability ard vxohement over tbe mystery ; and, though I was anxious enough to got at the bottom of it, I hardly knew whether to treat the matter in jast or in earn st, whether to advise Poil to leave It alooe, or to take further steps to discover tbe cause of these xnidoight disturbances. I was not converted to the ghost theory, tint I began to think there was something nocanoy about the boose. We waited there perhaps a quarter of so bour j Phil changed bis posi tion impatiently ; 0 ack looked at his watch and held it ont to me with a significant glance ; I oodded assent, and then started. A light footstep fell on the polished floor not ten yards from ue, aod came nearer, advan cing elowly sod cantionsly it seemed. Shot orooched down at his master's feet; and showed his gleaming whit.' teeth, in a loog, fcrinuB growl. Phil tnroed round full face to the end of the passage, completely filling np tbe doorway with bis tail, hsavy built figure. I loaked straight out into the dark- sen, as Jack was doing, with a fixed fasci nated gaze. Pre we hsd time to thiok, th oft footfall seemed to pass us. I could not move a fiog»r, could not stretch out my hand to fee! what was to us so strangely invisible, aud yet most bave some shape or form. I heard a brief, stern word from Wentworth ; aod then that awful cry, more fearful, more despairing, if possible, thao before. The spell seemed gone, sod I turned my head j act in time to see a look of awful horror in Phil's face that almost froze my blood, "Take it way i for mercy's sake take tbe cursed thing away," he muttered hoarsely, putting bta hand over his eyes ; aod then be staggered a little aod fell heavily, before I could step forward to Bave htm. We were both km el- fag beside him in a moment, and Jack toroM tbe ashy grey face to the light, and laid bis fingers ou the wrist hurriedly. There was no sign of life or movement, aod the head fell back again. He looked at me. "Charlie," he groaned, " he's dead." " Dead ! No — on f" I shooted desperately. Tearing open the shirt, I placed my baud npon the heart,. that had already ceased to beat. Alas I it was too trne; poor Phil Wentworth was dead. The kindest, truest friend mao ever bad. We raised his bead again, fetched water end brandy, and then carried bim to the bed io my room. It was all in vain. I need not enter into all the details of that terribfo night. The alarm, the hastening for the doctor, the desperate remedies, the lio- gertDg oope, reaisnea ? i»s toe awiui silence of death, end the darkened ro«cn op- etairs ; or of tbe days tha' followed, full— it se med ti me— of hurrying to and fro, of strange, pitiful scenes, sod feces of mioglfd curios'y and sorrow. Ilwrt disease sod undue txattement, th dc'ors io tfoir wisdom prorou'Cfd it, and I sopp se 'hey w»r-» right, d ctirs always cre; ba I know what Jack th"UL'bt acid Wbet I thought mveelf — that thee was something else besides undue excitement. P-wir Poil un doubtedly saw something tn»t night: what it was, I do d»c know— I scarcely dare to tbi' b. It was not aotil months after tbit I could bear to have ib« subject iu»oii'»i)d, cr bear the etrsoge, wild Jegeod of that h>uoud gallery — a legend that hsd al-oost died out with tbe decay of the old hoase, of a fair ancestress of the Weatworthe, with a sweet, child-like face, and a heart as hard sod crael as ber face was fair, condemned for her many - crimes, and a wickedness conspicuous even Id toe dark and wicked age io which he lived, to wander for ever tip and down the gloomy passages end gallfrira of her earthly home, in the most "hidous form that the mind of man can concave, and shrieking oot tbe never-ending torture and despair of a lost soul — a fearful vision, appearing only to the heir of the house io every third genera tion. I do Dot know whether to believe the toryor not; itis no grat mater. I only know -that I lat my dearest friend that night, aod thongh ;l shall go to him, he will oever come baek to me. As for the strange apparition in the garden, it will. I sappose, for ever remain a- myetecy I had no heart to make farther investigations end inquiries. But the sweet, childish face I taw that sum mer night in tbe shrubbery rises before me eveo'nowwhD I think of my poor friend. Was it — osuld it bsve been — aoe with the hideous vision that filled his brave heart with uuofa euddeo horror end dismay ? I will tbiek of it no more, — Argosy. 