BERRY ON HIS LAST LEGS. ( Vide Cartoon.) Ho ! the Pantomime's over, The piece is played out, The curtain is falling, The populace shout ; The blue lights are burning, Ana, aown inrougn ine stage, Sinks Berry, the Demon, All livid with rage. Around him rise clouds Of the murkiest smoke ; His case is a case that is Long past a joke. Forked lightnings flash through The ineffable gloom ; Deep thunder peals round him With sonorous boom. You can tell by one cursory Glance at the sight, He's not bound for the regions Of dazzling delight. His punishment's grievous, If great was his sin ; Dread bogies dance round him And gibber and grin, And scoff at in mocking And insolent tones, And threaten to claw off The flesh from his bones. Up rises the African, Swarthy and brown, O'er his countenance lowers A terrible frown ; He points to the sulphurous Regions beneath, And the dreaded word "Embassy! " 'Scapes through his teeth. The ghosts of the Kelly's, And every cent Of the sixty odd thousand The Government spent In hunting them down, All like spirits arise And gibber and turn up The whites of their eyes. They dance round G. Berry, And dance with a will ; They laugh, and their laughter Is eldrich and shrill ; They beckon with hands That are spectral and thin ; They shriek, and they deafen G. B. with their din. Next Pearson ariseth, So scraggy and grim, G. Berry's scarce able To recognize him, Till he whispers a word That commences with " E," Which draws forth a groan In response from G. B. Still thicker around him The spirits arise ; He vainly endeavours To shut from his eyes I I The sight of the hideous, | Detestable swarm, _ j And that worsest of bogies — I The Bogie Reform. | This horrible bogie, ! With horrible leer, ! Broods over G. Berry : And fills him with fear, And the most unmistakeable Terror and dread, From the sole of his foot To the crown of his head. In fact, it is due To this mischievous sprite That Berry is now In this terrible plight — Descending from realms Of unmeasured delight, To shades of the blackest Political night. He is going — we'll soon Cease to hear of his name ; His lustre is tarnished, Forgotten his name. Is he penitent now That he's passing away ? Alas ! none among us Are able to say. But one thing is sure As that hen's eggs are eggs, That is, that G. Berry Is on his last legs ! 