|psk&ttM;{ft§rawH THEATRE BOTAL. Once more hive the amusement-seeking public been provided with a change of bill at the Theatre Boyal, the transition on ibis occasion being from lightand entertaining opera to spectacular melodrama. The . popular appetite for that which is new and that which' is marvellous must, we presume, be fed at any cost, and tne eoBt on uus occasion seem* to be the telinqnishment of goad mnsio and fair singing for a auooeasion of scenic tableaux of a highly sensational order. The patrons of the Boyal were growing some what tared of 'Pinafore;' the ' Pirates' had come to be regarded as a disreputable band of freebooters, and even the Major-General's many fascinating daughters would not much longer bave attracted the crowded houses that sig naliesd their advent at the Koval; hence it be came necessary thfct some other novelty anonld take the beards, and the greatest novelty according to the verdict of the Melbourneites ?«? 131 nn A TTnlt.'o TkTnro r.ano ananf.*n1fl entitled 'The World.' The title in itself is eo extremely comprehensive that it disarms criticism to its adaptability or suitability to the scenes presented in the play. Of cctiree by ' The World ' we understand that the plot is laid in the mundane sphere on which ' we live, and move, and have our being,' and this fact to start with is reassuring. All that is presented before us pertains to this world of ours, and therefore is possible, if not highly probable. Had the play been called 'The Misadventures of Clement Huntingford in search of his inheritance,' the title, though nat co trite or eo exhaustive as the monosyllable of the 'World,' wou,ld have been perhaps more appropriate to the occasion. The only reason why we can attaoh a significance in the name of the piece to the scenes that are re presented is that at the conclusion of the final tableau, after 'the last dance, and the death of Mabel,' ' the world still goes on,' but we opine that this circumstance would occur even if there had been no last dance, and if Mabel had not given up the ghost. We have one idea with regard to the selection of the name of this play, and that is that 'NewBabjlon' was a big piece; that London is a big place; that the world is a bigger place than London; and that 'The World1' as a spectacular melodrama is some pumpkics bifige'r than ' New Babylon.' We think we have arrived at the coarse of reasoning which led tbe authors to assume that their play should draw larger homes than the sensational play of the same character which preceded it, and which Mr. Bland Holt placed before us not eo very long ago. Well, in a certain sence, ' The World1' is a big thing. Xt is divided into four acts and nine tableaux, and we do not remember any other piece ia which there are eo many pictorial scene-settings as in 'The World.' The character*, also, are very numeiouE,tboagh but few of them are prominent More than the usual allowances for an opening night must be made for the first representation of this spectacular drams, which will no doubt win the plaudits of crowded assemblages of sensation lovers, when all the paraphernalia of the play is in good working order. Some of the scenes are exceedingly well contrived, and are painted with the artietio skill that distin guishes the pencil of Mr. Henning*. Toe changes are numerous and rapid, and the audience have not time to linger over am Jiannoa 4-ltca npfcmha nf An a ccano Kofnrii annf.hap VX, UUbUOD iuu ^u.irw»u m* vuv bwuv mwiviu huvvuu of more striking import is placed before them. In the first act we have a vessel leaving Cape Town with conspirators on board, who are con cerned in a great diamond fraud. Then we see them at sea just before the discovery is made that an infernal machine has been seoreted on board amongst eome bales of woo!. An explosion follows, the flames burst forth, and envelope the doomed steamer, and all on board pcrith except four eonls, who escape on a raft. The raft toene is most realistic and impreuive. All around the wrecked ones is a waste of water; one dies and consigns to the keeping of Huntingford a bsg of dia mond f, but a ems 11 pitcher of fresh water is more precious than tbe gems, and the villain Bash ford struggles with Sir Clement to obtain the last drop. While they are fighting a vesselcomea to their rescue, and the curtain descendsamidst tbe plaudits cf all present. Then wo have the Eceoes of the Boyal Aquarium where certain villanies are concerted ; the great hotel where 01-e cf the characters comes to grief by a fall down the 'lift,' a 'river retreat^'1 'or private aEjlum for the insane to which Sir Cle ment t?.s been consfgnedbyhis brother, but from which be mskee bis escape, and then a fancy drees ball in a casino where the rightful heir censes to his own and villany meets with its reward. In the last-named scene the compaoy are piotureEquely attired in masker's garb, and the ccene is a glitteiiog and gay finale to Hun tJDgford'e eeaich t'er bis own. The leading character in the play is a scheming Israelite Moes Jewell (alias Iiidore de Montmorency) who is portrajed with great cleverness by Mr. Bland Holt. Moss Jewell is a ecoundrel of the moct rascally type, but his smart eayipga and daring scheming give life and vigor to the scenes in which hs appearc, and the actor came in for a large shsre of merited ap planse for the impersonation. Mury BIytKe (Mies tera Ed win) is the heroine who is in love with Harry Huntingford, bnt we suppose after his death marries his brother. Mr. Jerdan, e* the Harry referred to, appeared with good effect; aethe polished unprincipled ruffian who asurpei his brother's title and fortune, and then sought to compass hie death. Mr. Vincent as the goo I Sir Oltment, who divides the water ou tbe raff, who is incarcerated in the madhouse, and wh 1 1 foils ell the attempts opon his life, and iiaally wins his title aud estate*, admirably sus tained tbe many trials through which hj pasted, and deservedly gaintd the approbation of tbe auditory. Mr. Eouglats, who had tbe thanklesB part of the vilhun Bashfcri, was al'.o very effective, and Miss Myrs Kemble, who mace ter reappearance as Mabel Hantingford, d reeied with great taste, and displayed her emotional talents in the more important scene* in a manner which gained for her floral an 1 other favors. &lier-; Utrton as Mrs Bt.iSub, aui Mies Lena Ellis :-s the boy Ned Owen, also deserve a word of com.meud*uoo. 