THE IAVING OF THE FOFXDA- TIOX STONE OF ST. IKA&T;'S, AT DUKKEML (BY ODE SPECIAL REPORTER.) A very interesting and pleasing ceremony took place at toe quiet little township of Dunkeld yesterday, the occasion being toe laying of toe foundation stone of 'a Church of England. The movement was first begun by the fate Venerable Archdeacon lnnes,who, during his residence in Hamilton, worked hard to accomplish so important a result, but which he was not spared to witness. The late Rev. Mr. Lissiman, and the Revs. Messrs. Arnold and Tranmar, laboured heartily in the cause, especially the latter gentleman, who has been in the field ever since his appointment to this district, and it is mainly attributable to his efforts toat tbe comer stone of toe said edifice was laid yes terday. Disregarding rebuffs and disap pointments. -and the general depression reigning throughout toe district, he, by dint of great exertion, and cordially aided by a liberal- hearted committee, has managed to achieve so glorious an objeot.. The building will be of brick with blues tone foundation, the comer stone being a fine block from the Mount Abrupt quarries, npon one side of which is carved the following words : — " This stone was laid by toe Right Reverend the first Bishop of Ballarat, April 6, 1SS1." The cube of the stone is 1ft. 9io. by 1ft. by lft. The size of toe structure in the clearing wfll be 26ft. by 20, and the walls wfll be 14ft. high. It will .contain a chancel and vestry. The site chosen is a very convenient one, being situated on toe rota to the rail- way station, and not for from the Colonial Bank. The contract for erection has been entrusted to Messrs. Stephen and Dunn at a probable cost of over £300. Mr. Stephen, who has been in Dunkeld for the past fort night making preparations for the .ceremony, had everything in a forward state, and no hitch occurred to mar the proceedings. A number of visitors took advantage "of" the trains to have a run down to the scene of operations, while not a . few went by road. The time fixed for laying toe stone was 2.30, and shortly after toat hour a move was nude to -toe ground. With "the help of friends from Hamilton a large assemblage was pre sent, and the greatest interest appeared to be taken in the event, and yesterday will be looked npon by the people of Dunkeld for some time to come as a red-letter day in toe history of their township. The Rev. Mr. Tranmar' conducted toe special order of ser vice, assisted by toe Rev. J. H. L. Zillmann. After the first portion was over, Mr. Collins, on behalf of toe working committee, pre sented a silver trowel to His Lordship Birtop Thornton, who had kindly consented to lay toe stone, and in doing so he said that after years of waiting they were at length abont to attain the object so ardently desired, a church in which to worship. Bnt they mnst remember that it was necessary to put their shoulders to the wheel if they wanted a credit balance instead of a debit one when the church was finished. The Bishop then stepped forward and having laid the stone said, " I declare the foundation atone of a church to be called St. Mary's well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the tioly Ghost, Amen " Mr. Watson, the secretary to toe committee read the amount of subscriptions : — Sana fide promises ... £121 10 0 Bona fide gifts in hand... 25 0 0 Bishop in Council advance 150 0 0 Total ... 296 10 0 and concluded by saying that if everyone paid their subscriptions regularly the com mittee would be able to meet all liabilities. Bishop Thornton then delivered an elo quent and pleasing address. He alluded to toe earnest labors of the fate Venerable Archdeacon Inues and toe Rev. Mr. lissi man in the promotion of this mcch-desired object, and. although unhappily they were not present in" the fleeh, their bonis were in their midst. Some people said that churches were unnecessary, and that it was quite suffi cient if they wanted to worship God, to go into nature's templeandcommune.with him there. That doctrine sounded very . pretty in theory, bnt it failed lamentably in practice. If the open .field were resorted to (and he spoke with the experience of ;:an open-air preacher) they would not get congregations to assemble, as common souse wooldshow them that shelter was not only desirable, bnt necessary, to draw people together. Again privacy was required for: worship, for they had the words of their blessed Lord and Master, Jesus Christ, who had told -them to go into their room tad close to, the door, a„J congregations in -a measure required this But they mnst bear in mind tost toe good gained within toe four walls' of their cburches most not remain there. They murt bring it out with them, and try the influence of Christian conduct upon their fellow-men. Some persoDB might say "Well, why uot use any other building if you moat have one?" bathe in answer would reply: — "A. special building is required for a special purpose, as other structures hinder the concentration of mind upon, the sacrad work engaged iu." If he (the speaker) saw no temple of God rearing its head in a place, he could only think what a low ebb has religion come to here. It must therefore be a source of great satisfaction to the members of the committee, of quiet thankfulness to them, to find that so far their aspirations had beeu consummated, and he trusted they would meet with that success which their efforts so richly deserved. He was glad to see so many Hamilton people present, which showed they rejoiced at the good work which was being done at Dunkeld. The speaker in referring to the late commer- , ci&l; depression said that during the last two or three years it had Operated disastrously upon the treasury of the churches, and pre vented the erection of new parishes and prayer houses, but lately things had changed,, and he was glad, to be able to inform them, that five churches were about to be erected or in process of construction, -At Tahara one was nearly fipighri ; at Condah Mission Station a building was already designed, and a considerable portion of money collected ; ; and at Condah township itself matters had ' nearly come to a crisis, and a part of the. chitrch Actings had been secured At Donald, north of the diocese, a building was being erected which would resemble the one . at Dunkeld, the plans being the same. This was being done by the Hev. Mr. Arnold, who was well known to them as he had laboured in their midst for some considerable time ; and lastly, there was their own struc- 1 tura, to lay the corner stone of which < they had assembled together that day. ' The speaker then showed how neces sary it was to have an edifice .dedi cated to the service of the Church of England, because it was utterly impossible for all to think alike, bat a: the same time ttiey ought to be exceedingly thankful to the other denominations who had so kindly allowed them the use of their place of worship, and in doing so referred more par ticularly to the We&leyans;, to whom they had been indebted for a building for so consider able a time. In conclusion, the Bight Reverend gentleman said that he would have liked to hare been able to have told them that the Bishop-in-Council had given them the £150 instead of merely lending it, but the Church funds were limited, mid it could not be done. Be hoped to have the pleasure of worshipping with them in their new church in July next. (Applause). The Bev. J; H. L Zillmann gave an eloquent address, and was followed by tbe Hev. Mr. Ttanmar, who heartily thaalrpH the "Wesleyan denomination which had re ceived him with, open arms. The Bishop then pronounced the benediction, and the assemblage dispersed. During the service several hymns were rendered by a select choir. About £30 was deposited on the stone. In the evening His Lordship the Bishop delivered a most interesting lecture on' "Spectres of History" and was rewarded with a vote of thanks at its conclusion. 