SUPERSTITIONS OF THE AMAZULU. By Zulu. The superstitious tenets and practices of the Zulu are multifarious and surprising. Imbued with some vague idea of the existence of a Supreme Being whom he fears, yet does not worship — venerates, yet loves not, his vigilance is constantly on the alert to resort to measures of propitiation to avert the wrath of the mysterious Unkulunkulu (Great, Great One). Should an unusually violent thunderstorm occur, the Zulus hasten to procure branches of the Umhlovyana tree, set them on fire, and wave them heavenward with frantic gestures, imploring exemption from celestial thunder bolts. In localities where no t mhlonyana is obtainable, the old umnini yomuzi (owner of a kraal) contents him self with the burning of pieces of goatskin in his door way, under the pleasing conviction that such a propitia tory act will suffice to effect a diversion of the electric fluid from his homestead. His huts swarm with a small kind of cockroach, yet nothing in this world could induce him to kill one of those interesting pests. Question him as to his reason for such indulgence towards them, he will gravely inform you that were he to kill the amapela he would be seized with a fit of vomiting. He therefore sweeps them tenderly into a corner, spreads down his mat, and places his isicamelo (pillow) in its wonted position, wraps himself in his inguba (blanket), and essays to sleep, notwithstanding the fact of the tickling of the pestiferous cockroaches. He is impressed with a belief that when he shuffles off this mortal coil he will reappear in this mundane sphere in the form of a snake, as his fathers have done before him from time immemorial. Should he have led a blameless and creditable life, then his inhlozi (ghost) will be represented by a perfectly innoxious reptile of the snake genus , viz., an inyandezutn, or small light greenish whip snake, such as is often seen gliding about within the precincts of the kraal, and which none of the residents will on any pretence molest, or suffer to be molested. The dear little inyandezulu may not infrequently be seen traversing the floor of a hut in which a numerous company are assembled, yet neither man, woman, nor child will dare to lift a stick to admininister its quietus , as they assuredly would do were it a reptile ef a known venomous character, such as the mamba (a kind of rattlesnake), the uftzi (spitting snake), or the ihlwati (python), which latter, by the way, is non- venomous, though deservedly detested for his thievish propensities and ugly appearance. It is an astonishing fact that no Zulu can be induced to believe that his decease can be brought about excepting through the malicious agency of some one who bears him a grudge, and who employs some surreptitious means to compass that end, and whom he designates as an umtagati , or wizard. No matter if some fell disease, such as fever, or imfu (a violent dysentery or species of cholera), attacks him, it is the work of an evil-minded umtagati , and as his end approaches he charges his surviving relatives to leave no means unemployed to " smell out " his undoer. The result of such a strange creed is that a multitude of impostors have come into existence who pretend to possess a power of divination, and profess to be able to indicate how the disease was contracted, and by whose diabolical agency. This individual rejoices in the name of isanusi, or witch-finder. His fee for " smelling out " is set forth as so many head of cattle, or so many tusks of ivory, just according to the supposed means of those who employ his services. He assembles the friends and relatives of the departed one, and goes through a series of ridiculous incantations, ending in his naming some unlucky wight against whom it is to be presumed he has a personal antipathy, as the culprit. No sooner is the name of the supposed umtagati pronounced than two or more of the zealous friends of the deceased spring to their feet, and start off at the top of their speed in search of him ; and woe to the poor wretch when discovered, for the Spanish Inquisition never invented more refined means of torture than that which awaits him. Impale ment is generally the fate allotted in such cases, the sufferings of the doomed man being sometimes pro longed for many days. The British Government, as might have been expected, repressed this infernal practice with a strong hand, and made strenuous efforts to suppress it in Zululand ; and it is gratifying to know that their endeavours have been in agreat measure suc cessful. The Zulus' belief in the efficacy of love charms is something amusing. There are various means assigned by different Izinyvnga (doctors) for the instilment of the tender passion into the bosom of the Zulu belle in favour of the amorous swain who aspires to her favor. The muti (medicine) is generally some nut, shell, or root in a. jjuwueieu or caiuuieu roxui, wetieu wiiii one saliva of the wooer, and either surreptitiously administered with a piece of meat placed on the palm of the hand, or gently plastered on the back of the unsuspecting girl when pretending to be playfully patting her. - I once overheard two young unmarried men, of rather ungainly appearance, in eager converse concerning the efficacy of love medicines. One of them had just been telling the other how he had ineffectually tried quite a lot of supposed charms, and the other, after patiently listening to him, imparted to him confidentially the advice given him by an Izinyanga of great fame, who lived near Table Mountain, and had just returned from Zululand, after successfully treating Um Pande for rheumatic gout. The doctor's advice was : — " Get some lion's fat, rub your lips with it, then go to meet the girls you admire, kiss them on each cheek, and they will assuredly shiya abanye (leave others)." A friend of mine, who kept a Kafir store, and to whom I related this narrative, was shrewd enough to announce to his customers that he kept a quantity of fresh fat from the kidneys of a lion in stock. He soon had an immense demand for it, retailing it in very small portions at a great price. I have seen him sell one of Holloway's little ointment pots filled with what was neither more nor less than stinking pork fat, and get 40s. a pot for it. I do not commend my friend's conduct ; and my readers must remember that I am simply narrating a fact, albeit one which I confess was open to severe reprehension. And, indeed, the rapacity of some of the white traders in their dealings with the poor, ignorant Zulus might well form subject of grave animadversion. I have known a hunter practice tooth-drawing, when he had no better instru ment than a bullet mould, and charge his patients at the rate of half-a-crown for each tooth extracted ; or sell them pills made of sulphur and bread crumbs, to be washed down afterwards with a libation of train oil. I mention these circumstances under the heading of " Zulu Superstitions," simply because the facts are illustrative of the passive veneration — if I may use the expression— which a Zulu has, or did at one time have, for a white man's skill and probity — a degree of trust fulness which, as my narrative itself will prove, was frequently altogether misplaced. Amongst other queer superstitions is that of the evil omen connected with the running of a dog up the out side of a hut. So surely as an unfortunate canine per petrates so absurd an act his doom is sealed, and speedy retribution follows. I have often tried to get at the origin of this singular objection to a dog's climbing on the outer side of a domicile, but have never succeeded in getting a satisfactory reply. In the case of the birth of twins, too, there is evidently a sense of evil omen for the Zulus invariably kill one of the little darlings ;'and in the event of the twins being boy and girl, they elect to do away with the boy. When a cow gives birth to twin calves, she, along with her progeny, is destroyed ; nor can a native, upon any consideration, be prevailed upon to eat of the animal's flesh. So, also, in cases where cattle have been killed by lightning, the flesh is deemed unfit for consumption, and left a prey to the vultures. Kafir traditionary lore has handed down to the pre- sent existing generation a remarkably interesting narrative touching on the creation and primeval condition of mankind. Such traditionary bequests are especially valuable, in so far as that it is a well-ascertained fact that the stories of ancient days are most carefully pre served by the Zulu patriarchs, and handed down from father to son with a minute attention to the accuraey of details which might be followed with advantage by communities of more pretentious merits. It is averred that after the Great Creative and Controlling Power of the Universe brought man into being, His exceeding loving kindness impelled Him to invest His God-like representative with the privilege of immortality, and He accordingly sent the Chameleon to mankind witli the consolatory tidings that it was His Supreme pleasure that they should live for ever. From some cause, how ever, not definitely explained, the Great Unkulunkulu subsequently took a diametrically opposite view of the deserts of the human race, and, calling for the Great Lizard, or flying Salamander, enjoined him to hasten to the haunts of men and inform them that it was His pleasure that they should become a race of mortals, subject to dissolution just the same as the inferior forms of animal existence. And so, proceeds the traditionary story, the Lizard, being swift of foot, outstripped the slow- going Chameleon, and arrived before him amongst men, to whom he at once imparted his message. This message was accepted by mankind, so that when the tardy-limbed Chameleon did at length arrive with his promise of an immortal existence to man in this mundane sphere, men refused to listen to him or accept his message, saying : — " We have already accepted of the Lizard's message, awarding us but a limited ex istence, and cannot now accept of yours, offering us immortality." And so, continues the narrator, men die, just as the Lizard told them they would do. I noticed two Natal Zulus, one cold winter evening, preparing their evening meal of Isityingi (porridge made from ground maize). A message was brought to« one of them by a little English boy, to the effect that, his master and mistress required his instant attendance' in the dining-room. He instantly jumped up from his- squatting posture to comply, but before quitting the kitchen turned round to implore his comrade not to stab the food with the stirring stick during his absence, and so cause him to qumba isisweni (experience of stinging sensation in the abdomen). 