J§,UZfflittt&* A GRAPE FROM A THORN. BY JAMES PAYNE. ,_ (Author of ' Lost Sir Mcuingberd.') f Published ]-y special arrangement with the Author jUlrightareserredJ Chapter XXIV. — A Change of Views. On the evening of the same day on which Mr. Josceline and his daughter had visited Clover Cottage, Mrs. Gammer brought her two lodgers die tidings of little Davey's illness. The young men were greatly die tressed by it, for the child was a favorite with them both ; and Felspar at once went ud to the hotel to volunteer his services as sick nurse, which Vernon would also have done but that the state of his wounded band for the present rendered him useless for euch a post. Felspar's assistance was of course declined, since the two ladies were already installed as nursas ; and, as Mrs, Armytage cynically observed, 'It would hardly have done to turn the Prior's House into an Agapemone.' From enquiries made at the doctor'e,it seemed that nothing was known for certain as to the nature of the illness; but among the little world of Wallington Bay it was represented, of course, as most alarming. Though some well-meaning attempts have been made of late years to discourage ' sensation,' they have not been wholly successful ; and I am inclined to think that there is something in human nature itself which welcomes the thing, and has always done so, though of old it may have gone under some other name. - With those who live dull, un eventful lives, in particular, anything out of. the common way is attractive, even if it Is a misfortune, provided only, of course, that it has not happened to themselves. In Felspar's absence, Mrs. Gammer dis coursed to his friend upon the topic wittt much satisfaction, and dwelt with unction upon the very gloomiest view of the case. ' After all, Mr. Ven-on, we must all die, young or old ; it don't much matter, for it is only a question of a year or two. 'My dear Mrs. Gammer,' said Vernon, wyou speak like a philosophical work, but even philosophy may be overdone. It would make me very uncomfortable, for example, to think you youreelf would only j£ve a'year or two, and little-Da, vey is much younger than you.' ' ??That's true, Mr. Vernon ; and though thank heaven, I never have an ache or pain, I don't feel so much of a permanency as 1 did.' The term permanency in her mouth was rimT&cterifitiei; her callinc colored her whole existence ; man, in her eyes, seemed not to much a tenant for life as a lodger, more or less liable to quit at a moment's notice. 'But these little people are soon up, a; well as down/' urged Vernon, cheerfully. *;Ah, but, mind you, the poor child is ^elicflte, and a very bad subject for a disease of any kind. Fever, -they say, comes from drains, as is like enough. For my part I don't bold with these newfangled inventions — sanitaries and what not; and iliere have been no drains in Wellington to my knowledge, and, until this preRent one, no fevers either. Now in. Lawton— for I ha'-been there scores o' times and smelt it — they've got what they call a sewage system, and the consequence is mumps is never out of the place. What I was going to say is that fevers and drains is very much alike ; you never know, as any land lady 'will tell you, if once you begin them, when you come to the end of drains; and it's the same with fevers — we can hardly expect that the mischief will step with poor little Davey. There's poor MUb Josce line ? ' 'There's nothing the matter with Miss Joeceline, surely,' interrupted Vernon, taking his pipe from his mouth (a sure sign with him of great perturbation of mind). ' Not yet ; but she's volunteered to nurse the child, and is shut up with him and the nurse, and Mrs. Wallace, and Mr. Aird; they are altogether, they tell me, in the Prior's House, in a galantine ; so I reckon that they must be keeping pretty close.' 'In quarantine, you mean, Mrs. Gam mer. Well, of course it's right to cut them off from the rest of the people in the hotel ; but, dear me, though it is just like her kind heart, how very rash of Miss Jos celine to undertake such a duty.' ' Well, I don't know as to that, Mr. Vernon; it is just as rash of Mr. Felspar, and I must say a little selfish too ; for if he was took with the fever there's a lodger gone from Clover Cottage. After all, it's woman's work, is nussing, and I should think Mies Josceline would be the very one for it.' 'Why?' 'Well, she's gentle in her ways, and cheerful, and she' won't go trapesing and trailing along the floors, as Miss Jennynge do with that train .of here ; why* that young woman couldn't stoop, not over a pillow, to give a drop of medicine to a body, or what not, for fear of busting her stays. \- Then there's Mrs. Armitage — she'd be no sort of use in a sick- room, I reckon; to have a will of your own is one thing, but she's too masterful; she'd take her own way with the patient (if she took him in hand at all, which I doubt), in spite of what the doctor might Bay; but Miss Jos celine, she's of another sort, tractable and gentle, and yet with plenty cf, sense. One can see that with half an eye.' ' Mrs. Gammer,' said Vernon,' you were eayixg the other day you would like a set of the Mayfair Keepsake for your parlor bookshelf; how would you like it bound ?' 'Lor, sir, I never said it serious, but only because you seemed to read it so much yourself; and on wet days, when they've got no books, lodgers is so trying. If you like it, being each a judge, it most be first. ? class leading; and then there are the pic tures.' ** The Eeeptalx has seme excellent things in it, no doubt,' returned Vernon. -' You shall have a copy of it next week, Mrs. Gammer, because— because you're a good woman.' ' You're very kind, I'm sure, to say so, Mr. Vernon,' said the landlady, the usual peony tint of her complexion assuming the hue of beetroot. ' It's a comfort I'm sure, in this world, when one find's one's efforts to do one's duty appreciated, and more especially i-y one's lodger.' Vernon, however, did not hear her; he teas wrapped in thought ; the question of blue and gold or green and gold, as a bind ing for the Keepaskc, was perhaps agitating his mind; eo his companion believed, and, being a woman of much judgment in practi cal matters, she left him to liis reflections. Mr. Felspar had little to tell his friend with which we are unacquainted, and he found the task of breaking to him the fact of Ella's voluntary exposure to the danger of infection much easier than he had antici pated. Vernon remarked that to hear of such an act of self-sacrifice was only what be had expected, which, considering that he was already acquainted with the circum fitarces, was very true. The comparative coolness with which he received the news was so far satisfactory to his friend that it convinced him he bad taken the right course In not communicating to Vernon ?what Mr. Joeceline bad told him respecting Ella's position and prospects. It would be time enough to do that should Vernon's in tentionsprove more serious. He 'could not, however, help contrasting the shock which the news of Miss Josceline's quixotic con duct bad produced upon himself, when Mrs. Trant bad informed him of it, with the quiet manner in which Vernon had received it. It was the privilege of the young, who find women at their feet, Jie reflected bitterly, to be philosophic. Yet all that night Vernon to33ed sleen lessly in his bed, fevered, not with his wound, but with anxieties and forebodings founded on those careless words dropped by Mrs. Gammer, ' One can hardly expect that tbe mischief will stop with little Davey.' He pictured Ella, like some idealised Miss Nightingale, devoting her self to the care of her little patient till contagion struck her down, and health, and perhaps life itself, were sacrificed on the altar of devotion. As for Mr. Josce line permitting his daughter to undertake Euch a task, he could find no sort of expla nation of it; unless be was so inordinately selfish that nothing awoke his fears which did cot imperil his own personal safety, the man must be mad. Even Mr. Felspir, though he had so much more data to draw conclusions from, did not guess Mr. Josce line's real motive in thus acting; indeed, be did not imagine that he had any motive at all, but set down his conduct to sheer carelessness and a dislike to contemplate seiiou8 possibilities. Directly after breakfast the next morning Mr. Felspar repaired to the hotel to make enquiries. Be found tilings pretty much as they were. The little patient had passed an uneasy night ; but no fresh symptoms had declared themselves. Of course none of the party in quarantine were viable, and having obtained what information he could from Mrs. Trant, the painter- was passing out on his road home when Mrs. Jennynge beckoned him in from her window. She was much at her ease with Felspar, whom, being poor, she naturally regarded as a per son of no consequence, and also as being for the present at least in her employment ; but on this occasion he noticed she wore a look of some embarrassment, and that her tone was one of unwonted affability and conciliation. On repairing to her sitting room he found Mrs. Jennynge alone, seated at her usual table by the window, where the manufactory of wax flowers was carried on, and m the act of designing a blush rose. If he had recollected that, as a rule, she devoted her artistic talents to fioweis of the funereal sort only, this fact would have been significant; but, as it wae, it escaped his attention, fie enquired after his pupil, Miss Anastasia, and was told she had gone out for a constitutional. 'The fact is,' added Mrs. Jennynge, with a rervous giggle, ' I was rather glad of it, since her absence gives me an oppor tunity of speaking to you a few words on business.'' ' On business r' echoed Mr. Fdispar, in an astonished tone. The lady's color was high, her voice timid if not tender, and her whole manner what the vulgar term flustered. ^Taking aU this in connection with the manipulation of the blush rose, the painter was a little alarmed, tie was not naturally more con ceited than most of us — indeed he was less eo ; but it did strike himXwith a shiver) for one passing moment, that Mrs. Jennynge had fallen in love with him, and was about to make him an offer of marriage. ' Well, yee, on business,' she continued, if that can be called such which has been a labor of love with you, as you have told us all your work is.' ' Oh, I see, the portrait,' interposed Fel spar. It. was impolite of him to interrupt her, but the sense of relief he experienced had been considerable, and the observation escaped him involuntarily. ' Yee, the portrait of my late husband/' (He noticed that she did not say as usual, when referring to that deserted eaint, ' my lost Nathaniel.') ' It is unpleasant to have to say so, Mr. Felspar, but the likeness does uot give me satisfaction.' ' Indeed ! Of course these things are a matter of opinion, Mrs. Jennynge,' replied the painter quietly, ' but certainly not a week ago you expressed your entire approval of it.' 'Did I? Then I think that must have been merely to spare you feelings.' Mr. Felspar smiled an amused smile, which spoke a volume : it seemed to say, 'From what I know of your character, madam, that seems to me in the highest degree improbable.' She knew what the smile meant well enough, for the flush of embarrassment gave way at once to the deeper flush of anger. ' Well, at all events I don't like it now,' E&id; she bluntly. ' What's the matter with it !' enquired Mr. Felspar coolly, drawing back the curtain that coEcealed the picture standing on its easel. It struck him that some accident bad happened to it, which might have in duced a lady with a keen eye for her own advantage, such as he knew Mrs. Jennynge to be, to wish to cancel or amend her agree ment. But there it stood as he had left it, not perhaps so idealised a presentment of her ' lost Nathaniel'' as the widow might have desired, but undoubtedly a good like ness eo far as it went, and it was almost finished. ' It is neither this nor that which is the matter,1' said Mrs. Jennynge, regarding the portrait with marked disfavor. ' It does not 6uggest to me the late Mr. Jennynge at all.' TheE, as if conscious that she had not expressed bis relationship to her very pathetically, she added, in a tone broken by emotion, ' I miss the smile : I miss the voice.' ' The smile, madam,' said Felspar, coldly, ' I can, if you please, make more pronounced, though it does not appear in the original ; but as to the voice, that is certainly- beyond me. A painter seldom succeeds in delineating the speech.' The contemptuousness, of his tone was extreme, and his companion felt ic. It did not shame her, but it convinced her that she had started on the wrong tack ; she had been wrong in supposing that the artist could be bullied. 'My dear Mr. Felspar,' she said, 'do not let us dispute upon this matter, which, after all, as you have said, is one of mere opinion. You are satisfied, it nums. Vint r am not. Our arrangement was, I think, that I was to pay you a hundred pounds — * fifty pounds on the completion of the sketch, which sum you have already re ceived, and fifty pounds on the completion of the oil painting.' ? ' Which will be finished in three or four days at most/' observed Mr. Felspar, quietly. . ' I don't know about that, I'm sure, but I don't want it finished at all.' ' Oh, I Bee. I have heard something of your intention to leave Wallington Bay, but instead of telling me of it in a straight forward mannerj and asking to be off your bargain, you wish to find an excuse for it in dissatisfaction at my work.' The speech was certainly far from con ciliatory, but there was one thing in it which mitigated its severity to the person addressed. Mrs. Jennynge was relieved to find that Mr. Felspar attributed her change of views to her proposed departure from, the hotel — an intention which, aa we know, she had abandoned. 'Well,' said she naively, and without an attempt to resent his imputation, ' it seems hard to pay for a thing we don't want, doesn't it ?' 'I might retort, madam,' answered Felspar, his words falling slowly and coldly, like the droppings from an icicle, ' that it seems also hard to have had to work for nothing. But I am not in the habit of bargaining about my pictures. The law would award me the full amount agreed upon, since I am ready to fulfil my part of our contract ; but I am content to waive my rights.' « And to charge me nothing ?', exclaimed Mr. Jennyuge, in a tone less of gratitude than of expectancy. ' Nothing.' * Now I call that handsome,' said Mrs. Jennynge admiringly, ' very handsome. I have often heard of the generosity of Art, and eo on, but I never believed it. Mr. Felspar, you are a gentleman.' Mr. Felspar looked at her with an en quiring glance, as though he would have said, ' How should you know ?'' but that last sarcasm flew over her head ; she only felt that she had made an excellent bargain. ' I am sure, my dear sir,' she continued effusively, 'we part the beat of friends. Any further lessons you may be good enough to give my daughter must be no longer given as a friend. I must insist upon your being remunerated for them.' ' But I thought you were going away f ' said Mr. Felspar. ' To be sure ; I forgot that,' said Mrs. Jennynge, for the first time looking really abashed. ' Our departure, however, is not quite certain.' Mr. Felspar, to intimate that there were no double on that point in his ora case, took up hie hat. He was about to leave her, with a distant bow, when she stopped him. ' 1 again repeat that you behaved nio3t nobly, Mr. Felspar: but about the cheque?'1 ' What cheque 'r' ' Well, the fifty pounds. I mean, of course, the first fifty. You will send it back to me, I conclude, in the course of the day. We may be leaving the hotel, and at all events, as my poor husband used to say, ' short settlements make long friends.' ' c- I wish your husband was alive, madam, and acting towards me as you have done. Then I could tell him what I thought of hiB behavior. As you are a iady, that is unfortunately impossible.' ' Do you mean to say you are going to keep that first fifty after all ?' '? Most decidedly I am. If I was as rich. as you, and you were as poor aa I, I should doubtless return it to you as a free gift; but, as it is, I should as soon think ef making over to you my last year's income. Good morning, madam.' ' Idon't think much of artists,' murmured Mrs. Jennynge when he had left the room. ' However, I have got half the money back, which, upon the whole, was as much as was to be expected.' Then she took the picture off the easel and placed it on the floor, with its back to the wall. Tne model of her lost Nathaniel after death had been already stowed away out of sight, and now 6he collected his photographs and put them without much ceremony into the table drawer. Having thus cleared the apart ment of all the touching mementoes of the departed, she returned with a sigh of relief to the construction of the blush rose which she intended for the lion. George Emilius Josceline. Chapter XXV. — In Quarantine. The sharp contrasts of which the world is full aie sharpest, not between rick and poor, I think (though, Heaven knows, those ire clearly defined enough), but between the hale and the sick. It is true that riches may be on the side of the healthy and poverty on that of the poor, in which :aee the question of compensation becomes [to the unphilosophic mind) importunate indeed ; but there is no need foi out present purpose to come face to face with that. .There was difference enough between the mode of life pursued by the tenants of the Ultramarine in general, and that of that portion of them cut off from the rest by the double doors that divided it from the Prior's House or hostel. In the one case there was Mr. Josceline -wooing and win ning ; Mrs. Jennynge, in an Indian summer of rapture; and Miss Anatasia, begin ning to suspect what was going on, and something more than disgusted at somebody's conduct — %vhich, however, was a mystery to her. Mr. Josceline's arrival with four horses had effected even more than he had given them credit for ; they had put it beyond all question that he hid the means suitable to his birth, and ?' What on earth could lie see in her mamma?' was the enquiry Miss Jennynge was for ever naturally putting to herself She was not absolutely jealous of her mother, for though she would have had no objection to become the Hon. Mrs. Josceliue herself, her affec tions were not deeply involved in the matter; but she said to herself privately that ' there was no fool like an old fool,' and that Mr. Josceline must be ' mad.' Olheiwise, beisg a judicious young woman in most matters relating to her own interest, she made no fuss about it, and even pretended not to see what was going on. Mr. Jennynsre had told the simple truth when she said that her daughter was absolutely dependent on her ; aud therefore it behoved AnaEtasia to keep her suspicions to herself, though as time went on they be came amply corroborated. The absence of her late papa's photograph from the parlor wall, and the disappearance of the cast of bis countenance bad been significant enough ; but now she noticed a certain ring upon Mr. JoEceline'a finger about which there could be no question, except how in me tvuxiu uer muiuer, ueutK mucu amiciea with rheumatics in the joints, could ever have slipped it over her knuckles. Also, though secrets are said to lie under the rose, there was a blush rose in wax in Mr. Josceline's sitting-room, which, so far from concealing anything from Miss Anas tasia, told her everything. Mrs. Armytage, however, knew nothing of what was taking place ; but since, for Mrs. Jennynge's sake, ' Mr. Josceline had ence or twice taken up the cudgels against her, the FrofesBor s wife had grown bitter against him, and even described bis ' goings on ' as disgraceful. Indeed, partly to conceal his profounder designs, but also because flirtation was natural to him, Mr. Josceline did in his daughter's absence make himself exceed ingly agreeable, not only to Anastasia, who only pretended to like it, but to Mrs. Teicival Lott, who liKed it very much. In the Prio*ie Hostel, if there was no flirtation, there was a great deal of reci procal affection of another kind. Mr. Aird, when not at his post by little Davey's pil low, could never sufficiently exhibit, though more by his manner than his words, his sense of tbe generous kindness of the two ladies who at such inconvenience and even peril to themselves had undertaken to nurse his beloved child ; and the two women loved one another, and the little patient clung to both of them (though alwayB most to Ella), and drew their hearts more and more closely to him every day. The fever had not abated, though, as Dr. Cooper remarked of it, it ought to have done so; the more dangerous symptoms bad disappeared, but tbe child's rest was broken and uneasy, and he awoke from his slumbers unref reehed. The immediate cause of this was nightmare. In the middle of the night, he would wake up shrieking and pointing to the foot of his bed, where, as he said, stood a spectre. This ridiculous idea was of course com bated by all about him, but without effect, and the incident bad occurred twice. The ayah bad always slept in his room. On the first night Ella bad remained with him till nearly midnight, when she had been relieved at her post by Mrs. Wallace, and on the second the latter lady had remained till the attack; if such it could be called, took place. She protested with much energy that she had never closed an eye, but Davey had whispered to Ella that both his nurse and Mrs. Wallace were asleep, and had been awakened by his cryiog out, but too late to see the ' dark man.' Upon the personal appearance of this gentleman, so vaguely described, it was thought best not to question him, but they all agreed that it was either some reminiscence of the mild Hindoo that haunted the child's dreams, or some fancied metamorphosis of AVra her self. Neither of the two ladies was in the least given to superstition, and though, as it afterwards turned out, Mr. Aird himself had a very pronounced taste for the horri ble, he neverdeveloped it in their presence. Ella suggested that the little, patient should change his room, whereat Dr. Cooper only shrugged his shoulders. 'That could be done, of- course,' he meant to impiy, ' but the dark man was no more to be evaded by that means than the black care which sits behind the horseman is to be shaken off by a change of steed.' ' Well, it is my watch to-night,' said Ella, ' and we will try it once more. And she used the word *' watch' with a mean ing, for she was secretly resolved not to go to sleep at all. Her proper place was in that too com fortable armchair in which (as Ella shrewdly suspected) Mra. Wallace had suc cumbed to the seductions of Morpheus; but no sooner were the three settled for the sight, and Abra, aa usual, bad fallen fast aeleep, than the child besought Ella to lie down beside him — ' Then I shall not fear,' he said, 'even if the dark man comes again.' He had made this request once before, when she had been keeping a shorter watch by his bedside ; but she had persuaded him not to pTesa it. Dr. Cooper Iind told har that to sleep with the child would be to ' fly in the face of Providence,' for if any mischief was really brewing, she would in that case be certain to suffer from it. Bat on this occasion the little fellow's appeal W8s so urgent, and his apprehensions so obvious, that she consented. Though she had never been troubled in that way her self, she had known imaginative girls at school to snffer much from nervousness at night, and her tender heart at once melted ?within her; and -when, as soon as little Davey's arms were round her neck and hi3 fears at rest, he sank into a tranquil slum ber, she felt that she had already had her reward. As ehe lay very quiet, for fear of dis- ? turbisg him, her thoughts wandered over her past life, and, as usual, reverted to the mother whom she had never known, and had been tacitly forbidden to speak of. Had she hereelf, she wondered, when a little child, much younger than Davey, ever lain in loving anus, and been rocked to sleep on a mother's bosom ? A dim recol lection of a house with a porched door, that looked out upon flower3 and shrubs, was all that remained to her of her first home. While still of very tender years she had been transferred to Miss Steele's care, at Minerva House, where no reference to her past bad ever been made. The girls, in deed, several batches of whom had come and gone in her time, had occasionally asked her questions upon that point, but, as it was manifest that she could not gratify theircuriosity, the subject was soon dropped. When Davey got well she made up her mind on the first opportunity to endeavor to learn -from her father what £e could tell her of her own childhood; that was how she put it, even to hereelf. There was something in his studied reticence concerning his wife that forbade her to seek for information more directly. If even he would speak of his own ptEt she would not feel herself so utterly bereft of all ties of association. It was the absence of these perhaps that paused her mind to revert with interest to recent events, and made her exaggerate the claims of mere acquaintanceship. But pre sently she fell to thinning of Mr. Felspar, who had been so kind to lier in regard to her drawing, and then upon Mr. Vernon. Perhaps it was their common affection to her present little companion that induced it ; but her thoughts, having arrived at the young poet, dwelt there. What a pleasant face he had, and what a natural and charm ing manner ! How Mr. Aird seemed to lihe him, and how devoted his friend Felspar was to him '. Even his landlady, Mrs. Gammer, had spoken of him, when they called at the cottage, with affectionate enthusiasm. It must be a warm and honest heart that thus attracted every one towards it. Her father, though such a favorite with society, seemed to excite admiration rather than affection in his fellow- creatures, which was no doubt to be accounted for by that very re serve which restricted the demonstration, of her own love for him ; but Mr. Vernon had the faculty of evokirjg personal regard. It was fortunate, for, as it happened, lie was as destitute of family ties as herself. Open as the day, he made no secret of the fact that he was alone in the world, and had his own way to win in it. It was but natural that the similarity of their positions in this respect should in vest Lim in her eyes with an addi tional interest. She pictured him to herself growing in fame, and worthy of the reputa tion he was acquiring. Then her thoughts strayed to her own little picture; and would it, or would it not, she wondered, be thought worthy of the honors of print ? and, if it should have that good fortune, how pleasant it would be for it to appear tide by side with Mr. Vernon's poem ; and what a charming souveniv it would be of her visit to Wallington Bay, and of the kind friends she bad found there ! When she met Mr. Vernon, in after years, he might be a great man ; but ehe was sure he would Dot have forgotten her, because of that incident of the illustration, and ? 'Ella, Ella ! ' whispered Davey, in hushed and frightened tones, 'there he is !' 'There toho is, my darling?' she an swered tenderly. ' You are dreaming.' ' No, no ! I saw him quite plainly !' in sisted the child, with, beating heart. ♦' If I dared to look up I should see him again, in his cloak, at the foot of the bed.' Ella strained her eyes in the direction in dicates. There was a night-lamp in the room, which gave a tolerable light, but in sufficient to make things distinct. ' Abra ! Abra !' she cried. With a grunt and a snort the Asiatic awoke. ' What is it, Missee Ella Y' 'Light the candle. You S9e, my dear Davey, there is nothing here.' ' 1 saw him !' answered tbe child, his large eyes roving apprehensively over the room, ' He stood there — just there — in his long cloak. Papa says it's like a girl to be frightened ; but I can't help it.' 'Of course you can't; nobody is frightened who can help it. You shall change your room to-morrow, Davey, I pro mise you that; and we will keep the candle alight for the rest of the night. Now you will go to sleep again like a good bov.' ' 'Es I will, dear Ella.' She folded him in her arms, and in a few minutes slumber once more overtook him ; but Ella remained awake. It might have been fancy — indeed it was folly to suppose otherwise — yet she thought she had seen a vague something at the bed-foot when the child had first cried out. What it was she could pot describe; but something with some dim resemblance to a human figure had grovm shadowy and disappeared under her gaze. It gave her, she knew not how, the impression of bavins' been more distinct before her attention 'was called to it. Such delueione have happened to many of us, and most commonly, when the mind has been disturbed and thrown out of gear by unwonted circumstances. In an ancient portion of an ancestral mansion, cut off from wholesome life it was not unlikely that an imaginative young girl should have thus partaken of the fevered fancies of her patient. That this would be the view of others, at least, Ella had the good sense to perceive ; and what weighed with her much more was the conviction that the revelation of what she had seen, or thought she bad seen, would only in crease existing troubles. She therefore said nothing abouf it to her companions, nor did she mention it in the daily letter which ehe wrote to her father describing, always with gaiety, how life went on in the Prior's Hostel; only for the future aha took care that Davey's apartment should be occupied by Mr. Aird (whom she justly deemed to be ghost-proof), and vice vena. It was curious, however, in spite of her prudent resolutions, how this strange inci dent affected not so much her spirits as her tone of thought, and, from unconscious sympathy, that of her companions. With tie little patient, of course, they were always cheerful ; but when alone aud not conversing about him the topics of their talk became more serious, if not more sombre. Something was owing, no doubt, to the tightening bond of friendship, the tendency of which, among its other bless ings, is to withdraw us from the common place, and to substitute for the froth of the wave the wave itself. When familarity reaches a certain point we begiu to trot out our hobbies, which may, or may not, be attractive animals. Mr. Aird'a was a hearse horse. He had a theory on suicide ; he thought a man had a right to dispose of his own life if in so doing it did not aflect others injuriously. This was vehe mently combated by Mra. Wallace (whose views were mildly Evangelical) upon re ligious grounds. ' There's nothing against it in the Scrip tures,' persisted Mr. Aird. '? What does Miss Josceline say P' ' I don't think a seldier etould leave his post before the battle is over,' was the grave reply. ' Ah, that's the military view ; but then, you see, I am a civilian,'' answered Mr. Aird, grimly. *' Besides, 1 am supposing that he has no ore to defend but himself.' Then he began to furnish instances from his own personal experience. One in par ticular of a husband he knew, who, having lost bis only child, wrote in the fly-leaf of his Bible to his dead wife, ' There is no body left now ; I have seen all I love leave the earth before me, and I come to you to night.' They were very interesting stories : but a trifle too much so for his audience, and especially under existing circumstances. 'My dear Mr. Aard, you make our flesh creep !' remonstrated Mrs. Wallace, where upon he desisted. Finding^he enemy reduced to silence, it was only natural that the lady should fire a last shut. ' You argue,' said Mrs. Wallace, ' that, in the case of wicked people, the very best thing they can do is ' to take themselves off/ as you call it, since, in so doing, they do tbe world a service ; but how can you tell that if they lived on they would con tinue to be wicked ?'' ' Because it is in accordance with expe rience,' said Mr. Aird. ' Don't you feel growing worse and worse yourself, now ?'' But Mrs. Wallace was not to be put off by jest. There is a secret drawer in most 'people's mind in which they keep their serious convictions ; Mr. Aird had touched it in her case, and out they came. ' You have told us some strancre expe riences of your own life,' she said ; ' lat me tell you one of mine. Years ago, when I was a little child, my father wept to Exeter for a couple of days on business, leaving no one in the farmhouse but my auut Esther, and myself, and some female servants. As our house was in a lonely part of the country, and since burglaries been recently committed in the neighbor hood, he had proposed, before he went, to leave us some male protector : but my aunt had declined it. She always reminded me of what 1 have read of Cromwell's troops, being of gieat courage, and a piety such e.s I have never seen equalled ; only she had no harshness ror uncharitableness to others. She slept alone, in the next room to me, where, for safety's sake, in my father's absence, what little plate we had ?was kept in an oak chest. When she went to be bed at night it was her custom (for 1 could hear her voice, and if I listened intently, ?which I wus sometimes tempted to do, her very words) to pray aloud, not only for oursulves, but her fellow creatures. It was not her way to hope that a handful of human beings only, with her self and friends among them, should be saved, but the whole world, including even the wicked. She was a simple-hearted woman, in whom whatever chanced tocome to her ears out of the common made a great impression, and on this occasion what my father lad said about tbe late robberies committed by trampein the districtrecurred to her mind. ' It was borne in upon her.' as she afterwards expressed it, to beseech the Divine compassion in favor of the houseless wretches constrained, perhaps by want as much as evil habit, to break through and steal. I heard her, and then, to uiy astonishment and alarm. I heard a faint cry! of alarm, and then two voices. They spoke together for some time, and then I heard two persons leave the room ; and, after a long interval (during which J lay in a state of great trepidation), my aunt returned, and said softly through the door, 'Are you asleep, Cicely Y and I answered, ' No,' and she came in aud told me what had happened. 'When she had risen from her knees, and was about to take off her dressing gowD, her ejes fell upon the valance of the bed, from beneath which looked out two other eyes, and on meeting her gaze, the person who owned them dragged himself out. He was a man (as she described him) terrible to look upon, of herculean frame and bloated face, travel-stained and in rags, with a pair of iron-tipped shoes in his hands, which he had taken off in order to reach his late hiding-place, without noise; but his voice and manner were in strange contrast to these things. ' '1 came here to-night, lady, to lob your house,' he said. ' I have been lying be neath your bed for hours, rehearsing as to how it should fee done, and resolved, if I 'met with any resistance, to do worse than rob, for I am one that sticks at nothing. Then, all of a sudden, as I lay cursing your late hours, I heard you come in and read yout Bible, all alone — a thing I have never done myself, except in my prison cell when I felt prefty sure that the chaplain's eye was at the keyhole.' ' Well, this is a pious old party,' I eays to myself, ' but I hopes she won't be long.' ' But when from your Bible you went to prayer, and after praying to God Almighty for your little niece, and thie, that, and the other, you came, quite naturally like, to them as never say a word to him for themselves, and amongst them even for downright bad ones, like me,' then Eays I, ' May I be damned if I takes a penny pirce from her, or hurts a hair of her grey head.' ' Then replied my aunt in her quiet gentle fashion, ' But why, unhappy man, need you be damned at allr It had never struck the poor fellow, I sup pose, that there had been any alternative for him, until she went on to explain it, but it is as true as I am sitting here that within five minutes this man was upon his knees repeating a prayer after her, just as a child might be at his mother's bidding. She afterwards took him down stairs and gave him some supper, of which he stood in great need, but of the money which my aunt pressed upon him he only took a very little, in order, as he said, to keep him from present temptation and set him in an honest road. My aunt made me promise to say nothing of what she told me, lest the poor fellow should suffer for it, and we never heard of his getting into trouble again.' ' That is a very curious story, no doubt,' said Mr. Aird. 'I wen't be so ill mannered as to say, as many people would, that it is possible your aunt caught sight of the man before she said her prayers, and framed them to suit his case ; but I don't see narrative bears upon your argument that wicked people may be turned inte good people. Though the man did not rob your aunt, he may have gone on robbing other people/' ' Let me finish my story,' said Mrs. Wallace, quietly. 'Years afterwards, when my aunt, then near her end, was staying at Plymouth for the sake of the sea air, and 1 was with her, one Sanday morning 'a very moving preacher' was ad vertised to hold forth in a certain chapel ; and though the attraction, I confess, was greater to my aunt than to myself, I volun teered to accompany her. The preacher was a large ungainly man, looking more tike a prize-fighter than a minister of the gospel ; bat his words bad aa impassioned earnestness which I have rarely heard, and which carried the congregation with them, We were too great a distance from him to see his features, but his voice reached to every part of the crowded place. His theme was on the Bating powers of grace, and in order to show that no man could be so fallen but that he might be raised up again, he evi denced an extreme case within his own ex perience. ' I knew a man once', he said, ' who was a greater sinner than any nere. He owned no Father in heaven, no brother on earth ; his trade was robbeTy ; by day he was a thief, and by night a house breaker.'' ' ? Oh, aunt,' whispered I, ' did you hear that?' ' ' Yes, my dear,' she answered softly ; ' that is the very man himself; I knew him diiectly I heard his voice.' ' Then he went on, point by point, to describe what had happened on that eventful night at our home, and how that from the hour at which he had heard my aunt at her prayers, he had become a new and honest man; which (to cut a long story short) we afterwards found on en quiry to be the case. He had a shoemaker's shop in the town, where for years he had been much respected. So you see, Mr Aird, that wicked people need not always put8n end to themselves in despair of becoming good.' ' Unfortunately, my dear madam, they very seldom do,' returned the old Indian, drily. ' My experience is that they remain to plague the good people as much as possible. But I am glad to find that your felonious friend had some other* trade than sensational preaching, which is, in my opinion, no very great improvement upon burglary with violence.' It was thus that the little party in the Prior's Hostel conversed together, on a footing more confidential and familiar than would have been possible had they been at large in the world without; and though there was no uniformity (and even, as we have seen, considerable disagreement) amorg them as to opinion, they were be coming close friende. (To be continued.') 