GHOSTS. A correspondent who appends his name, writes to the Daily Telegraph The follow- ing facts were related to me not long after their occurrence by a lady connected with one of the oldest titled families in Scotland and who was on intimate terms with many of my own family, and nearly in the following words: "Early in the spring of 1845 I went on a visit to Lord and Lady Airlie. Arriving late, I had to dress rather hurriedly for dinner. While doing so I heard what appeared to me a band of music at a distance. On naming this casually to the gentleman who sat next me at dinner he said in whisper. '"Say nothing now it was the drummer boy you heard; I will explain by-and-by." During the course of the evening he told me of the legend of which I was then ignorant namely that before the death of a member of the Airiie family a drum was always heard to beat in one of the corridors of the castle. Lord Airiie was then in delicate health, hence the anxiety of my neighbour to prevent further remarks on my part in case they might reach the ears of his lordship, near whom I sat, for I have only to add that Lord Airiie recovered and lived for, I think four years after this time, but poor Lady Airiie, who was then quite well, died very suddenly at Brighton a short time afterwards — in June I believe." Mrs. Ann Day (formerly Gladden), of 31, Burgoyne-road, London, S. W., writes ques-- tioning the statement that the traditional warning of impending disaster in the 'Airlie family consists only of a sound of a drum. She says:- Early in the year 1845 I went to Cortachy Castle in attendance upon Miss Margaret Dalrymple, who was paying a two days' visit to the Earl and Countess of Airlie. We arrived late in the evening, and Miss Dalrymple had only just time to dress for dinner. As she rested for a few minutes on the sofa, however (this she told me some time after we left the castle), she heard dis- tinctly as if immediately beneath the floor, the sound of fifes and afterwards the beating of a drum. While at dinner she remarked to Lord Airlie, who sat near her, "What is that strange music you have about the house ? Yon assuredly have an excellent piper!" Lord Airlie without replying, dropped his knife and fork and retired from the dining- room. Later in the evening the place seemed to be all in confusion, and I learnt that Lord Airlie after leaving the table went to the library and dined in solitude. The next morning, alone in Miss Dalrymple's room, I heard as I thought, a carriage driven up and stop dead, directly under my feet. Immediately there followed the sound of an- other carriage driving up, and stopping in ex- actly the same manner. And then, as if fol- lowing the vehicles came the tramp, tramp, tramp of marching soldiers. Then I heard some shrill notes of the fife so distinctly that I looked round instinctively, expecting to see a piper in the room. In another moment I was still more startled by the beating of a drum. About this there was something in- describably disagreeable ; it seemed as if the drummer were making his way through the floor. Being a perfect stranger to the place 1 thought there might be a coach road and an entrance door to the castle, near the room in which I stood, and that some distinguished guests were arriving or departing. On look- ing out of the window, however, I found there was no door or coach road near, and not a human being was to be seen. I con- cluded, therefore, that the sounds had been echoed from a distance. The next morning before our Departure, Lady Airlie came to the door of Miss Dalrymple's room to give her a £5 note for an orphan school in which she was interested. Neither of us ever saw the countess again. She was confined of twins at Brighton some months afterwards and died. It was not until Miss Dalrymple, a few days after we left the castle, asked me if I had heard "the strange music there," that I disclosed my experience, and then for the first time I learnt from her the traditions about the Airlie drummer boy. She told me that she had been totally in ignorance of it until by her allusions at the dinner table to the music she had heard elicited from an- other guest an explanation. A correspondent of the Birmingham Daily Post gives the story of a lady of the highest character, who affirms that she heard the music on the occasion of the last Lord Airlie's death. Miss S. was one of his lordship's guests at the castle at the time in question. He had had an attack of gout, but it was considered slight, though Lady Airlie had excused herself to her guests for remaining in attendance on her noble husband. Miss S. had been wandering in the woods, and was walking slowly towards the castle, when she was suddenly startled by the sound of music, which, seeming now distant, now close at hand, induced her to believe that some village ceremony was going forward in the neighbourhood. With this impression she followed the sound to right, to left, back wards, forwards, until the plaintive wail so indicative of mourning and despair by which the bagpipes announced the death of a Highland chief, became as distinct as possible. From that moment the music, which had varied in its position, remained playing steadily before her, while now grown nervous and excited, she hurried towards the castle, and as she crossed the lawn in front of the building she was completely overcome by the certainty that the music was still floating around her, although no single individual wa3 to be seen through the whole of the wide landscape open before her gaze. The harmony accompanied her as far as the chapel door, by which she had to pass to gain the steps of the hall. At that place it ceased altogether, and Miss S., who is neither weak-minded nor superstitious, recovering from the awe she had experienced at the phenomena, paused to listen attentively, but no further sound being heard, she hurried to her room to dress for dinner, for which the second bell had long sounded. Entering the drawing-room where the assembled guests were awaiting her arrival she endeavoured to explain her de- lay by describing the cause as being due to the walk through the wood, and the heavenly music she had followed in the fruitless en- deavour to obtain a sight of the performer, and would have gone on with her story had she not perceived the sudden expression of panic which overspread the countenances of one or two members of the company, and the deadly paleness with which Lady Airlie her- self stood listening aghast at the declaration. The tact of the narrator would have led her to cease her description, but just then the summons to dinner came to her relief, and she descended the stairs with a feeling of guilty embarrassment at the effect produced by the tale. The nearest neighbour at dinner enlightened her as to the fearful meaning her words had conveyed — all the more terrible inasmuch as the doctor had pronounced his patient not quite so well as on the day before, and had, therefore, signified his intention of returning to the castle at night. The next day all was over. His lordship had been seized with gout in the stomach, and had died after a few hours' agony, verifying the truth of the warning conveyed by the "Airlie music " to the very letter. 