NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDhE , Nov. 28. 8~Lior-constablo Murphy and Constable prisoner offered a slight resistance, whereupon Constable Murphy struck him with a loaded wh p on the left side of his head, rendering him insensible. Sear a has been u lconscious ever since, and is now dying. An important mining case, Quail v. Marshall. which relates to Quail's fabulously rich claim at Barmedman, T-mora, has con amicably settled. Very large interests we, e involved. Archbishop Vaughan is now on .p past?ral tour through the southern dis:rioes of the colony. The rainfall of the colony up to the present time has only been 40in., or Gin. below the average. MJr C. J. Roberts today presented the Cor poration of Sydney with an oil painting of Viscount Sydney, after whom the cityis named. The picture is the gift of Mr J. Henniker Heaton. A cruel practical joke is reported to have been played upon a youth who recently visited some country relations in the Wagga Wagga district. ILe was taken out opussum-shooting by some of his young friends, who had previously arranged that one of their numb( r should climb a tree andtl personate a ghost by covering himself with ;a sheet. Suddenly the alarm was given, and the conspirators camped in feigned alarm, but soon recovering their courage, they persuaded their young guest to fite at the ghost, having previously taken the precanuion to sea that his gun was only loaded with powder. The ghost descending trom the tree, approached the party, and so terrified the lid that lie tecame insensi ble, and was fully six weeks before he regained his customary health. Nov. 29. A woman named Rebecca Hewett, residing in Liverpool-street, died of small-pox this morn ing. A fresh case of disease was reported to-night from Goulburn-street, the patient being the child of a resident, named Alfred Benjamin; On the 17th November, a boy named Albert Bolton, 11 years of age, who was detected placing pieces of stone] on the Great Northern railway line, was found guilty at the Scone Quarter Sessions to-day, and sentenced to six months' imprisonment. The unfortunate man Searle, who was struck by Senior.coustable Murphy with a loaded whip at Yass, on Saturday night, for resisting arrest when in a state of drunkenness, died this eveninrg. He never regained consciousness after receiving the blow. Dipltheria lhas broken out at Temora. Several deaths have occurred amongst children. In the Legislative Assembly this evening, Mr G. H. Reid, the member for East Sydney, moved the adjournment of the House for the purpose of directing attention to the claims for compensation preferred in connexion with the land resumed by the Government at Darling Harbour. He considered some of the claims exorbitant, especially the demand of Mr John Lucas, M.L.C., for £76,945, for the leasehold of a property only la ir in extent, the freeholder of which also claimed £55,000, and a lessee under Mr Lucas £10,000, making a total of £L4t.000 for a piece of barren land. He also took objec tion to Mr T. Garrett's claim for £20,000. The Government would oesumo in all from various persons an area of 12 acres, at a cost of £60,000 per acre. He contended that the land should be resumed under the Railway Act. The public interests would suffer in consequence of the blunder of the Government unless the resump tion were declared illegal. Mr John Lackey, the Minister of Public Works replied that the land was resumed under the proper act, and in accordance with the terms of the vote for the establishment of wharfs at Darling Harbour. He admitted that the terms were extravagant, but hoped that they would be reduced in the Supreme Court, and that the Government would eventually obtain for from £250,000 to £300,000, a valuable property which would place New South Wales in as good a position as any other city in the colonies for the shipment of wool and other pro duoe. Nov. 30. At the inquest held at Yass on the body of the man Searle, the evidence was very strong against Senior-constable IMurphy, who struck the deceased with a loaded whip for resisting arrest for drunkenness. The jury returned a verdict attaibuting Searle's death to the blow given him by the constable. ERarvesting is now in full swing in the Parkes district. Some of the crops ace very good. The Noumea Chamber of Commerce has decided to ask the Governor of New Caledonia to abandon the quarantining of Sydney vessels on account of small-pox, because the delay caused thereby occasions serious inconvenience and loss to merchants and others. A return laid before Parliament on the motion -of SIr W. A. Brodribb, M.L.A,, shows that the amount received for mineral leases on the tin lands, in the northern districts, from January 1, 1877, to the end of 1880, was £158,216. Dec. 1. A gentleman, about 50 years of age, named Sir D. AI. Rose, who is said to be a justice of the peace, about 11 o'clock this morning,in Clarence street, behind the Town Hall, took a revolver from his pocket, and placing it close to his right temple, fired. He fell instantaneously, and when picked up was still alive, but he died 10 minutes after his admission to the Infirmary. The revolver had four other chambers loaded. Sir Rose had been missing from Iris lodgings at Burwood for some days. He has been suffering of late from severe mental depression. An inquest was held this morning respecting the death of a married woman named 1I'Gregor, who expired suddenly on Tuesday night. The evidence showed that the deceased sultained a fright from a man rushing past her one night about a week ago. Sihe thought she had en countered the man whose assaults upon women created so much sensation recently. The jury considered that this shock may have accelerated her end, but found that the immediate cause of death was syncope. The pollihng for Carcoar was closer than was anticipated. Only five out of 20 polling places gave Sir Campbell a substantial majority, and at Toena Mr Baker obtained 87, as against his opponent's six. The total voting was-Mr Campbell, 771: asnd Mir Baker, 624; majority for Mir Campbell. 150. Two fresh cases of small-pox htave been re ported. A special constable residing ia Liver tool street in thle city has contracted the disease. Ans hIis house contains a large number of inmates the patient hais been temporarily placed in a vacant cell in the Sussex-street watchhouse, but will be otherwiss provided for to-morrow. Mrs Smith, who lives in Sussexstreet,has caught the disease from her son, who is just recovering from an attack. 