VICTORIA RACING CLUB. I GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE MEETING. The first Grand National Steeplechase Meeting under the auspices of the Victoria Racing Club was held on the Flemington course on Saturday The weather was fortunately beautifully fine and notwithstanding the great attraction of the football match on the East Melbourne ground, fully 10 000 persons journeyed out to Flemington to witness the grand cross country contests provided for them The club may be fairly con-. gratulated on the success that has attended the introduction of a winter steeplechase meeting in Melbourne. At the same time the attendance of the public, though very fair was not nearly so good as such an excellent programme deserved, and within a year or two the club may expect to have the number on the ground on Saturday last quadrupled at the least The grand stand was well patronised, there being a large attendance of elegantly dressed ladies present His Excellency the Governor was present at the meeting, and remained on the ground till the last race was run in order not to injure the running ground, His Excellency's carriage was not driven up the course as usual, but taken directly into the carriage paddock The racing was greatly enjoyed by the visitors, and the cheers that greeted the winner in the Grand National Hurdle Race as he came into the weighing yard were most enthusiastic The bookmakers had a bad time of it, for, with the exception of the flat race, the favourite won everything There was an unaccountable delay in hoisting the board giving the jockciB names As many backers of horses like to know the riders before speculating, this delay was felt to be a great inconvenience The punctually in starting the races, which has hitherto been such a a notable feature on the V R C course, was not observed on Saturday, some of the events were nearly 10 minutes behind the advertised time At the fields were not be very large there was no necessity for this delay A really good band would be a great attraction to those who attend racing meetings for amusement, and to whom the interval between the events often becomes wean come, short as it is to the sportsman The racing opened with the MaideaHurdle Race, for which eight horses mustered at the starting post The Star and Handy Andy were both much fancied, the former having the call in the betting Mulatto having performed fairly in good company on the Hat was much fancied by a few who believed he could jump well Mulatto made the running till reaching the stand, when he gave way to Lothair, who held his position round the far turn Landlord and New Zealand were never able to pace with the others after the first half mile Near the sheds, Van Tromp, who had been running well up all the way, took the lead, but be was passed in turn by Handy Andy, who led the rest of the distance Mu latter made an effort in the ran home from the last hurdle, but was comfortably beaten by Handy Andy Van Tromp, Albyn, Lothair, and Star ran well forward till reaching the straight There was nothing able to live with Handy Andy at the finish, and when Corrigan moved on him he came away from Mulatto with the greatest ease Though this was a maiden race not one of the competitors made the slightest mistake The field for the Maiden Steeplechase was reduced to six starters, Great Western being the favourite at odds against the field Collingwood, about whose starting there had been some doubt, was well supported Proteus dashed off in the lead, but baulked at the first fence, and the field was still further reduced by Actress baulking at the next fence for the rest of the distance Collingwood and Great Western ran in the lead, Fairlie being the only horse who could keep near them Swiss Boy never showed in a prominent position Corrigan called on Great Western as they headed for home, and he drew away from Collingwood with ease Fairlie ran a game, good little horse, but the company was much too good for him. After the usual interval of an hour, during which ample justice was done to the excellent lunch provided by Mr Isles, the bell rang the horses out for the Grand National Hurdle Race For this rich prize 13 horses mustered at the post, Sir Peter being made such a strong favourite that he started at the short odds of 5 to 4 against him in the first round Rhesus and Dhurringile made the running Roebuck fell near the abat tours, and Spectrum ran round After round nig the turn past the stand, Cumberland, who had been very eager all along to make the pace Stronger, went to the front and fed round the far turn At the abattoirs he was two lengths clear in in front and at the sheds, he had incrpnRHil um near where, now over, Corrigan gave chase on Sir Peter, and before they reached the turn into the straight he was in front The struggle up the straight between Cumberland and Sir Peter was a very fine one, the result being in doubt till the foal, when Sir Peter, answering gamely to his riders call forged a head and gained the victory, amid the most enthusiastic cheering Corrigan, who had performed the unusual feat of winning two hurdle races and one steeplechase in succession, was very warmly cheered as be returned to the weighing yard The next event was the great race of the meeting-the Grand National Steeplechase. The scratchings for this event had been so heavy that the field was reduced to seven horses when they mustered at the post Intrepid and Himalaya being among the absentees Twilight, who had the advantage of Corrigans skill as a jockey, was established first favourite at even money against the field Taxaraxa cum rushed to the front soon after the start, but ran off at the first fence, and Victor followed his example Lee) then took up the running, holding her place till reaching the stand, where Twilight showed in front for a short time Abdallah struck heavily, and got rid of his rider Lucy led in the second round till near the turn for home, where Sussex, who had hitherto been lying about six lengths behind the leaders, came up and passed her At the last fence Sussex, Lucy, Gazelle and Twilight were close together Gazelle here made a bad blunder and lost her chance Lucy was beaten, and Twilight came on with Sussex Both horses were completely tired out, but Sussex, who finished with great pluck, kept on, and won with a little to spare The winner was heartily cheered on returning to scale Only eight out of the very large field engaged in the Selling Hurdle Race came to the tart Zephyr, who started the favourite, made the running for the first half mile, when she gave way to Union Jack, who held his place till near the turn for home Here President, who had been very handy all the way, passed him Albv n made a good effort at the finish, but left it till too late to be of any use, and he was beaten by President by a neck A serious accident happened in this race to Barlow, who was riding Monitor As the horses ran round the turn, a dog rushed at Monitor, causing him to swerve and throw Barlow out of the Saddle, giving him a heavy fall When brought into the casualty room, it was found that he had sustained a compound fracture of the leg President was put up for sale by auction, and bought in for £310, thus give the club funds £280 The meeting concluded with the Flat Race for which 17 out of the 32 horses coloured on the card faced the starter a flag P G came with a great rush in the betting just before the start Attache Bar One, and Bruno were well supported The Ghost and Woodlands had all the advantage at the start, but Attache got away very badly The Ghost led into the straight, Conservative running him closely for a while Attache did not get through the horses till in the straight, where Woodlands had taken the lead Respite finished well, but was comfortably beaten by M oodlauds The time given makes this race remarkably fast, but as the bell did not ring till after the horses had got well away and the ground was not suited to making fast time, it is extremely probable there is a mistake in the official time The following are the details of the racing - MAIDEN HURDLE RACE Asuoopstalcsof 5 Sovs each 2 ft with 150 added for all horses who have never won a advertised hurdle race or steeplechase Horses which have never started in a hurdle race allowed 7lb The second horse to receive "5 sons and the third 10 sets out of the stake About two miles Mr M Loughlin a b g Handy Andy, 6 yrs, by Panic lost 5lb (Corrirui) 1 Mr J M Grade a b c Mulatto a pre Oat Ryan 2 Mr P Hoy lea be Lothair J are Out (JIascall) 3 Mr J M Donald a br li Albyn, 5 yrs, 10st 8lb (I'M) 0 Mr J D Whitehead's b g Star, aged, 10st 12lb (Batty) 0 Mr G Glasscock's b gLaudloid, i yrs, 10st 8lb (Mr Glasscock) 0 Mr M JNoj Ion a b g, Van Tromp, I yrs Oat 12lb (Barros) 0 Mr K GritllthsbrgÏNowZealand.Gjre.lOat 513 (Bourke) 0 Betting -5 to i ngst Star 7 to I get Handy Andy, 7 to 1 Mulatto, 10 to 1 Lothair 11 of horses got away well together, Star, Mulatto, aid Lothair being; the first to close in the load At the first hurdle Mulatto was loading with Lothair running very closely Mulatto led over the next hurdle, where Handy Andy had gone up to second place Van Tromp was next, closing on the leaders as they came on Passing the stand Lothair had a very slight lead, then came Mulatto and Van Tromp close up After a gap Landlord, Handy Andy, Alby in, New Zealand, and Star followed In straggling order Lothair led round the turn past the stand, Van Tromp and Alban taking second and third places Handy Andy and Mulatto were close up Lothair made the running along opposite the stand Handy Andy and Van Tromp were not a Mulatto, Albyn, and Star were close handy, Landlord was all behind, in New Zealand I was ripping back as they went on Lothair dull a good lead long to the far turn) Van Tromp was second and lessening the gap og they went on Handy Andy Albyn and Star were next New Zealand was a long, way off and Landlord was rolling hopelessly In the rear Lot air led past the abattoirs with Van Tromp running him for the lead Handy Andy close up Van Tromp jimmy Lothair at the training prom d and soon after Handy Andy challenged him the latter takllgflrst place before they reach I the turn (or 1 case Handy Andy led into the straight Van Tromp for air, Mulatto Star an I Allyn following in that order Half way home Mulatto won closeness nandyAidy but the latter drew away, and won with the greatest ease by three lengths Lothair was third about a length of Albyn was fourth, Star filth, and t an Tromp suth MAIDEN STAKE LECH VUE A sweepstakes of 6 sovs each 2 It with 160 added for 4 yrs old and upwards which havonovcrwoua steeplechase Horses which have never started in a Btccilccl also allowed 10lb The second "horse to receive "5 Sovs and the third 10 boys out of the stake About two miles and a quarter Messrs ItobortsonandWagnor.. g Great Western, Oval? by 1 sale list 12lb (Corrigan) Mr H Howie s b g Collingwood, 5 yrs, list. 8lb (Scoble) 2 Mr E Weeks gre Fairlie, 4 yrs, by Smuggler, lost 8lb (Elliott) S Mr W M Millan 2 ch g Proteus, 4 yrs, by Smuggler lOst Dib (MLcod) 0 Mr G Watson's b g Swiss Boy, aged, by Panic, list 12lb (T Watson) 0 Mr H Burrell s ch m Actress, 6 yrs, 11st 10lb (R Watson) F .. 0 Betting 6 to 4 agst Great Western, 6 to 4 agst Col Ringwood 7 to 1 nest Fairlie On the word being given Proteus led off, followed by Actress Fairlie, collingwood, Great Western, and Swiss Boy in that order Proteus baulked at the last fence, and Actress followed suit at the next Collingwood then assumed the lead, Great Western, Fairlie, and Swiss Boy being next in that order As they headed for the stand Great Western was in the lead with Collingwood close up Fairlie was a few lengths behind Swiss Boy was next. Actress and Proteus were a long way off Passing the stand the fences were taken in ibo'ollowingordcr -Collingwood, with Great Western Close up, Faire, four lengths away, Swiss Boy was next after a gap of a dozen lengths As they went long by the river, Fairlie went close up to the loading Fair and Swiss Boy was dropping further back The horses ran in the same order along opposite the stand and round the far turn, FalrUo being within five lengths of the leaders but being kept at his top pace to maintain his position Entering the straight Great Western came away In (front and won with the greatest case by a couple of lengths clear Collingwood was second Fairlie cantered in third Actress, who fell at the last fence came to 150 yards off QUAND h NATIONAL HURDLE BEE A handicap sweepstakes of 20 sons each, h ft, with 800 added The second horse to receive 20 Sovs and the third 25 sovs out of the stake AS just three miles Mr M Loughlin's b h SirPotcr, i yrs, 11st. 4lb (Corrigan) 1 Mr A Saouls b g Cumberland, 5 yrs, Hat. do (A McInnes) 2 Mr D S Wallace's b g Discount, 6 yrs, Oat 2lb (P Heywood) 8 Mr A Bowman s b li Jack Tar, aged, 10st Gib (Hill) 0 Mr J Winters b li Dhurringile, 4 yrs, 10st. 8lb (T Heywood) 0 Mr J M Grace b b c Mulatto,, yrs, 6st 10lb (Ryan) 0 Mr A S Connor a br g Cyclops, aged, 9st lb (W Harden) . 0 Mr T Niightcns li g Rhesus, yrs Oat 3lb (W Endorsed) 0 Mr W T Cox's b g Young Alfred, 6yrs, Oat lib (Batty) 0 Mr S Austin's b g Spectrum, 6yrs, 9st (GrlUln) 0 Mr W Todd's gr g Roebuck, 6 yrs, 8st, 7lb (on guson) - 0 Mr H Harvey's b g Dutchman, aged, 9st 10lb (Keating) 0 Mr J H Aldridge s b m Fictitious, aged, 8st 8lb (Musgrove) 0 Betting -6 to 4 agst Sir Peter, 3 to 1 agst Young Alfred, 6 to 1 agst Discount, 6 to 4 each agst Rhesus and Dhurringile, 8 to 1 agst Cumberland, 10 to 1 agst any other On the (all of the flag, Rhesus went away in the lead Dhurringile and Young Alfred were at the head of the others Spcctrut- was going upon the outside Cyclops and Dutchman were behind Rounding the turn, the horses were going in the following order - Rhesus, Dhurringile, Spectrum, Sir Peter, Discount, -Iclltlous, Young Alfred, Jack Tar, Roebuck, Mulatto, Dutchman, and Cyclops Nearing the punt Dhurrlngllo passed Rhesus, and gained a decided find Cumberland was at the head of the second division store Jack Tar came down heavily, and got away from his jockey Before reaching the far turn Dhurringile was drawn back, and Dutchman went on in the lead, Hhcsus, Cumberland, Sir Peter, and Dhurringile being next In a cluster Mulatto was acting as whipps in Near the abattoirs Roebuck fell, and Spectrum ran around Cumberland showed in front or a little but was drawn back, and Rkosus assumed the lead, with Fictitious (or a close attendant, Dhurrlngllo, Discount, Young Alfred, Cumberland, Dutchman, and Cyclops following close together In that order As they entered the straight running Rhesus was clear in front, and Dhurrlngllo had gone up to second place, with Cyclops clOcO handy Sir Peter, Cumberland, Young Alfred, Discount, Dutchman, and Fictitious were following in that order, and close together Passing the stand Dhurrlngllo and Rhesus were together in the front After a gap of about (four lengths carne Cyclops, Sir Peter, Discount, Cumberland, Young Alfred, Mulatto, Dutchman, and Fictitious The leading pair increased the gap between them and the others to fully eight lengths as they rounded the turn past the stand Sir Peter and Oy crops were at the head of the second division, with Cumberland hard hold very handy Cumberland joined Dhurrlngllo and Rhesus in the lead as they went along by the river Sir Peter, Young Alfred, and Discount were next after a gap Cyclops, Mulatto Fictitious, and Dutchman were (of lowing in that order, a good deal spread out Round ing the far turn Cumberland assumed tnBuyi''&n;"u'r'1 ringing, Sir Peter, Discount, and Young Alfred were next In a hunch Cyclops, Mulatto, and Fictitious were together, about four lengths behind the main body Cumberland had a lead of three clear lengths at the abattoirs. Rhesus was next Sir Peter, Discount, and Dhurringile were running together, a length behind him Passing the sheds, Cumberland had increased his lead Sir Peter then gave chase, and soon passed Rhesus Approaching the turn (or home SlrPotor caught Cum borland, and entered the straight running first, Cum borland pressing him closely Alter a gap of about three lengths came Rhesus, Dhurrlngllo, and Discount. Sir Peter and Cumberland raced up the straight together, the latter running home very gamely, but was never able to get fairly level with Sir Peter, who won by a little over a neck Dhurringile was a good third, Discount was fourth, Rhesus filth, Mulatto sixth, and Fictitious Bovcntb, all well together Time, Em 439 GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE. A handicap sweepstakes of 16 sovs each, G it,, with 400 Sovs added The second horse to receive GO sovs and the third 25 sovs out of the stake About three miles Mr F C Goy dor's b h Sussex, 6 yrs, by Grand Master, 13st lib (Batty) 1 Mr M Loughlin's n m -Twilight, aged, 11st 4lb (Corrigan) 2 Mr E W ceks s b or br m Lucy, aged, Ost 111 (Elliott) Mr Addis s g g Abdallah, aged, Ost 181 (Hill) 0 Mr T Armstrong s b g Victor, aged, Oat Olb (Carey) . 0 Mr J Moran's br m Gazelle, aged, 9st 8lb (Bocco) 0 Mr G H Read's b g Tixaraxacum (late Blackfish), aged, 9st. Gib (J Watson) 0 Betting -EvcnonTwilight, 3 to 1 each agst Sussex and Gazelle. 6 to 1 agst Lucy, 7 and 8 to 1 agst Abdallah, 10 to 1 nest Taxaraxacum Sussex was the first to show In front after the horses were sent away, but he was soon passed by Trixaraxa curd, who rushed away with a strong lead, the others all going hard held After rounding the first turn Taxa taxation had gained a lead of (fully half a dozen lengths Twilight, Sussex, Victor, Lucy, Gazelle, and Abdallah were following about a length apart, and going well within themselves At the first (fence Taxa raxacum ran of?, and Victor followed his evil example Neither was Bren In the race again Lucy led along by the river, and round the far turn, where Gazelle had taken second place with Tw flight (or a close Com panies Sussex was following after a gap of (fully six lengths Lucy and.wlllghtvvcro together in the lead at the abattoirs Gazelle was about (four lengths off Sussex and Abdallah were next, after a similar gap As the horses passed the training ground they drew closer together, the same order being maintained At the foot of the straight running, Twilight passed Lucy Gazelle, Sussex, and Abdallah were next, together near the stand Abdallah blundered, and threw his jockey over his head The fence in front of the stand was taken in the following order -Twilight, Lucy, and Gazelle, almost abreast, Essex was about three lengths behind Rounding the next turn Lucy was leading, TwiLight and Gazelle were close up, Sussex was about six lengths off The horses ran along by the river in the same order, Gazelle dropping back to Sussex Rounding the far turn Lucy was leading, with Twilight nearly level, Gazelle and Sussex were following together about five lengths away Passing the abattoirs Gazelle went up to the leading pair, Sussex was about four lengths behind Lucy assumed a decided lead after passing the sheds Gazelle had taken second place, with Twilight very handy Sussex was drawing closer up as they came on, and at the last (fence he had taken the lead Gazelle struck heavily and came on her nose thus losing all chance Lucy and Twilight were well up Twilight made a game effort in the straight, but could never get on terms with Sussex, who won by a couple of lengths clear Lucy waratah third, and Gazelle was fourth Time, 7 229 SELLING HURDLE RACE sweepstakes of 3 sovs each, 5 ft, with 100 added Weights as In Maldon Hurdle Race Winner to be sold for 50 Eov s Belling allow anees Two miles Mr E Jillett ob or br g President, aged (£30), Oat 12lb (Jcllclt) 1 Mr J McDonald s br If Alby n G yrs (£30), by Snow- den-Gazelle, 6st 12lbs (Hill) 2 Mr E Long's ch h Union Jack, aged (£10), 8st 12lbs (J Wilson) 8 Mr J dlfüns b y Pioneer, aged (£10), 8st 12lbs (Griff!) 0 Mr J Simson's ch m Zcphy r, 6 yrs (40), 8st 10lb (-SHIP) 0 Mr E Coughs b g Monitor, 4 yrs (£10), 8st 5lb (Barlow) 0 Mr J Gr Hin s ch m Mare 4 yrs (£"0) by Austin Han Luck-Minna 8st 10lb (Kilduff) 0 Mr T Jones s his ramrod, aged (£10) Sst 136 (King) 3 Betting -6 to 4 agst President, 8 to 1 each agst Zephyr and Monitor 4 to 1 each artist Mnirod and All viz 0 and 8 to 1 get the others M lien the horses! had got fairly away 7ophyrtoolr first price with Monitor, President and Mario follow lit, Zephyr ried into the straight, Mmrod had taken second place, Union Jack and Monitor were at the end of the of 1 car who were following in a bunch Passing. the stand Union Jack was leads g, with Mr rod and Mario In close attendance After a gap carne Albyn, President Monitor, and Pioneer The horses rounded the turn in the stand in the same order Hero Monitor was frightened by a dog, swerved, and threw Lift rider As they went on by the river Nimrod took the lead with Union Jack close up Alter an interval of about four lengths carne licalden , Zephyr, Mario, and Albyn, close together, Pioneer and dropped a good way behind Nimrod and Union Jack raced round the far turn together President, Zci by r, Albyn and Mario were following in a bunch at one three lengths off Union Jack took first place as they neared the abattoirs, President began to draw up to the leaders, and at the sheds he was running second Mario (ed by the training ground President passed Union Jack as they neared the turn (or home Albyn, Nimrod, and Zephyr were together a short distance off President led up the straight, Union Jack being next About 50 yards (ram home Albyn came on with a fine rush, but too late to be effective President won by a little over a neck, Union Jack was third, about four lengths away, Zephyr was fourth, and Nimrod fifth. Time, Sm. 668. FLAT RACE. A handicap of 6 shots, each, 2 ft., with 150 added. For B yrs old and upwards. Lowest weight to be not less than 7st. One mile. Mr. T. Jones's br h Woodlands, 6 yrs, by Maribyrnong, 9st. 5lb. (King Mr. A. Davies's b c Respite, 3 yrs, 9st. 2lb. (Braith- waite) 2 Mr. J. Whittingham's ch g Attache, i yrs, Sot. 61. Williams) . Mr. D. Macpherson's br h Robbie Burns, Oyn, 9st. 8lb. (T. lío; wood) 0 Mr. J. Leek's ch h Belldeen, i yrs, 8st. 3lb. (O'Brien).. ............ 0 Mr. H. Yeend's b or br h Blue Ribbon, i ora, Set. 10lb. (Walker) 2. 2 6 Mr. D. S. Wallace br h Napper Tandy, 5 yrs, 8st. 10lb. (Powers Mr. J. Paterson's ch g Wizard, 3 yrs, Bit. 61. (Hughes) 0 Mr. R. Chaffey's b g P.O., 4 yrs, 8st. 5lb. (tennis) 0 Mr. J. G. Reid's b g Bar One, aged, 7st. 13th. (Cracknell) 2 Mr. A. A Hughes b c Bruno, 3 yrs, 7sU01b. (Ivliny) 0 Mr. J. Thompson's to or ch c The Ghost (late Salis- bury), 3 yrs, by Tregeagle-Ada, 7ft. Mowll Usmson) 0 Mr. J. B. Cowell's br c Weed, 3 yrs, 7st. 5lb. . (Cashing Mr. A. Smith's br f Minnow, 3 yrs, 7st. 4lb. (RoUly) 0 Mr. J. Whittingham's dif- Cora, 3 yrs, 7st. 2lb. (Simms's Mr. W. S. Cox's b g Conservative, G yrs, 7st (Cox) 0 Botting's to 1 agst P.O., 5 to 1 each agst Bar One, Wizard, and Attache, 0 to 1 each agst Belladrum and The Ghost, 8 to 1 each agst Robbie Burns and Woodlands, 10 to 1 agst any other. The Ghost and Woodlands got away In front. Wood and Conservative were at the head of the others, who were well spread out. As they went on, Conservative came up with a rush, and was racing The Ghost for the lead, the pair being fully half a dozen lengths in front of the others as they passed the sheds. Wood- lands and Rcspltoworo next Attache was showing near the head of the main body. The Ghost led into the straight, Woodlands, Respite, Conservative, Attaches, and Wizard being next in that order. In the freight Woodlands passed The Ghost, and came on with the lead. Respite came well at the finish, but could not get up to Woodlands. Attached made a good i dont, but he had too much ground to make up. Woodlands won comfortably by nearly a couple of! lengths ; Respite was second, Attache a good third, he Ghost fourth, Napper Tandy filth, Cora sixth, Wizard seventh. Time, 1m. 48s. 