?? i?irs!toOT. ADAM HIMSELF SPEAKING. Br Max Adleb. ' T ita.dk up my mind,' Eaid tha reporter, ' fb;it i£ the ghost over appeared jin my bed-room ng.\in t woulil ovorcomo i my fears and speak to it, instead of bury ing my hoad under tho covarp, ns I did the 'first timo. Well, sir, suro enough, the next niRht, exactly nt eleven; I heard a ;faint noi?o by tho bed, aud r looked around. 'Thero Eat tho epootro in tho choir. I sot ? riirhC up and uaid, with como tirmnoss. ^although my voice trombled i ' Wlio are you 1' 'I am nobody in particular now,' saul tho (;hoat,.' but: I was Adam.' 'Adam who?' '' Had no family name. Thero was but ono family of us, and they all knew mo. I was the flvst man, you know. Ton must liavo heard of mo.' , 'Yes, indeed,' says the reporter. . 'I'm Borry I can't shako hands,' Baid tho ghost, ' but you might as well try to shake hands with a fog bank as with me. It's not sociable, I know, bub I can't holp it.' 'Oh, never mind,' said -the reporter; 'I'm glad to 6eo you, all the same.' '* Your name is Johnson, ain't it p' asked the Bpeotro. ' No, my name is Jaokson,' roplied tha reportar. ' Pshaw I' said tho ghost.- ' X yjaa look ing for a man named Johnson; but my eyesight la so b id that I couldn't read your door-plate distinotjy. The worst of it, too, I can't wear speataclcs ; nothing iB sub stantial cnoogh to biloh them to. I wish some of you peoplo wonld.invent an eyeglass ? that can be worn by nesr-Eighted ghoBts. You would confer a gennine benefaotion on tho ZolltB in the other world.' ' What was your business with Johnson? PorbcpH I oan — ' ' Woll, in the first plaoe, I understand that lie is ono of a committeo appointed to get up a sJatno of me iu the City of Etmira. t havo'been iu to aae that statue, and X want to ask Johnson whero ho got the idea th»t..I used to wear a straw bat aud whiskere. I want to know, also, what authority ho has for giving mo a Bomau nose.' ' Hadn't you one ot that kind 7' ' Why, man, tho Bomans hadn't intro duced that varioty of nose in my time! Auu Johnston has had me represented with a huge serpent lying at my feet. Now, what was tne uso of bringing np painful remini aoonocB of that kind? Why not lot the matter drop 1 Hanged it I like it I' ' It's on outrage 1' 'Boiween oursolveB,' said tha speotre, looking his misty fingera over hiB knee, ' I don't think muoh of the statue business anyhow; Do you know what they did ? Too stingy to make a fresh piece of sculpture oat of a frerh piece of marble, they bought up a second haud statue of Bsnjamin Franklin at auotion and hired a man to work it over into mo. Doosn't look a particle like me. And, anyhow, Franklin was no kind of a man to make mo out of. Greenbacker or something, wasn't he ?' ? ' We considor him quite respectable.' ' Another thing I want with Johnson ie to see if I can't mBke arrangements with some reliable Spiritualustio medium. I've been orowded out iu the oold tor about 4000 years, with no chance to participate in anything. Now, I'm tho man that Btarted this world. I gave it a send-off, -and it really does seem hard that I can't evon express my views -in a newspaper, or defend myself from this oalummy, just because I happen to be dead ; now, doeBn't it?' 'Tory hard, but we didn't think ypu took any interest in suoh things.' ' Certainly.- I often feel as it I'd like to express an opinion about the tariff, or the eleclions, or the buzzard dollar, or popular education, or something of that kind; and then, of course, Eve wants to hear every thing about the fashions. I wish there was some way for a ghost to Bave ajittle money, so that I'd subscribe to a fashion journal or two just to quiet her. Do you know of anything I could get at?' ' How would it do to make an engage ment at the theatre to appear as the ghost, of Hamlet'a father or the ghost of Banquo ?' ' it doesn't strike me very favourably. It might be considered rather undignified in tho father of a race to be hanging around among Bcene- shifters and fiddlers. Beside, thoy have too much light on the stage for me ; I can't got into shape unless there fa absolute darkaeBS. Aud then, you know, I'd be exposed to inault. When we hear a cock orowi we are obliged to flit Now, suppose, right in the middle of ; performance, Eomo miserable boy should crow. Even if I knew it was a false alarm I would be so unnerved that I couldn't go on, but moBt likely I'd vanish as soon aB I heard it just from forco of habit. No, the proposition doesn't strike me. Seems un fair, though, doesn't it, that a- man who owned the entire earth can't call a dollar his own?' _ ' If a small loan will be of any service to' you, I will gladly—' said the reporter. 'You're mighty kind; but hero, you seo, we encounter another difficulty/ Where'm I going to put a dollar when I get it? I haven't a pooket about me that'll hold a cent. Younu man, a ghost has no chance at all. Keep out of the' business as long aa you can.' ; The reporter eaid he should. ' And now I really must be going.- The sun rises so disgustingly early at thiB time, of year. I think I shall go around -to- morrow night and haunt Johnson; if I oan find him. If you ehould happen to see him I wish you'd mention it to him, eo as to prepare his mind. People are always scary at first with us. Perfeot nonsense, too! Put your hand out and feel mo. Don't you seo ? you oan stir -all around iueide of me, just aB if I wasn't there.' 'Wonderful,' said the reporter, 'very wonderful. I nover believed in ghosta before. The oddeBt thing is that you, who lived so long; should take an interest in modern poliiics.' 'But I do, though,' said the speotre'. ' Perhaps you will be willing to tell me if you are in favour of Hancook or Gar — ' Just at this junoture, the reporter said, a cook crow in the yard below, and. the ghost of Adahi euddenly vanished. It was most unfortunate, too, for his politioal opinions would have been interesting. - 