ODDS AHD ENDS- Sheriff's nio is a bitter bovcragc. - . A dead failure— a deceased bankrupt.- a net that many aro auxious to get into— tho Cabinet. ' New, nnd truly sincere, form of invitation : f'Mr. anil Mrs. — — request tho favor of your prcsonts at tho wedding of- thoir daughter." Oh Piiysioonomy. — Enthusiastic young lady : " What a sweotly protty boy of yours, Mrs. Finnigan. What beautiful black eyes he has ! I'm sure ho will be both oxcitablo and impulsive — blaek-oyed pcoplo always aro, you know." Mrs. Finnigan : " Suro, Mis3, aa" perhaps you're right. His father's excitable and" impulsive enough, bctlad ! So, loikely, it's. why lie's never without a black eye, sorra a bit \"Judy. A Dutchman having" "recently heard rum called spirits, askeil tho waiter at an inn who had given him grog too much reduce;, " Vat ter toyfel for you don't put plenty of ghosts on top of do water ?" "I was not aware that yon knew him/' said. Tom Smith to an Irish friend tho other day,- "Know him?" said he in a tone which compre hended the knowledge of moro than ono lifo. "I knew him whon his father was a boy." .; ' J w!3,n Imaycn I had'a gonllcman opposito me,, said an irritnblo old fellow at a dinner party. "Why should you wish such a thing?" was tho retort ; "you cannot be more opposite la a gontlcman than you aro at present." Little Edith to her doll : "There, don't answer me back. Ton musn't be sauej', no matter how hateful I am. You must remember I am your mother !" Strange what curious ideas children get into thoir heads sometimes. A gentleman, who -is no longer young, anil who never was handsome, asked "his son's child what he thought of him. The boy's parents were present. Tho youngster made no reply. "Well, 30 yon won't toll , me what you think of mo? Why won't you ?" "Cause I don't want to get licked," ropliod-tho sprig of a rising generation; Proper Level of a Woman's Eye.— It may be, however, that tho Italian women aro for ovor artlessly imcohsciou3 of tlio lively admiration that follows thoir sex everywhere in Itkly, and, receiving in their early girlhood their first lessons of social conduct from French governesses, ; as nearly all Roman girls do, carry French prcccpl3 with them all through life. "Ncvor look a man in th ; face," said ono of the gover nesses to her pupils, " it is immodest. Always fix your attention on the third button of his ' shirt bosom— you may then bo sure your oyca are at tlie level ui03t proper for a woman's eyes to bo." — Margaret Bertha, in Ohicayo Inter- . Ocean. ' The Amateur.—- " I think," said a well-known orchestral loader, " tho host joke over played in this town was on an ambitious amateur pianist whon Gottschalk was hero. Thonmateur's father was the owner of a largo hall, and ho offered the ; U30 of it to Gottschalk for his benefit. There was to bo a piece for eight piano3, and the amateur was to play ono of the instruments. I wiis tho leader. . I thought Gottschalk would have a lit when I told him that tho amateur couldn't play ' throe straight notes of the piece. ' He is snro to ' throw us all ont/.saidl, 'and ruin the perfor mance.' Gottschalk swore liko a major, but 'twas no good, Tho bills woro out,' und ho couldn't go back of his programme, oven if the gift of the hall for the night wa3 no consideration to him. At last I hit on an idea that fixed the whole business. Tho amateur came down to tho rohearsal, and we praised him up until he thought ho was to bo tho star of tho night. As soon as he left we took.the hammers out of his piano, nnd made it dumb as an oyster. I guessed ho would never know tho difference, witli seven pianos going at once." Tlie tunoful convention laughed. -'And just as I thought," said the leader, ham mering on the table with his glass, " that amateur or his friends never discovered the trick." " No?" " No/sir ; he just sailed in and pound ed on that piano as if it was the worst cacmy lie ever had. Ho was bound to show off among so many good pianists, and hammered on liis key board until tho parspiration nearly blinded him. Now and then I looked at him approvinglytogive him fresh courage, and overy timo that I dill lie gave the piano a lick that nearly made match wood of it. IIU friends all arannd threw bou quets at him till lie looked liko a wedding-arch, and when it was all ovor his fond parent fell on , his neck in the green-room and slipped a check for 250 dol. into Ills hand. Tho old man didn't know whether he was standing on his head or his heels, ho was so tickled, and tho way lie sent up the wine for tho crowd was a caution. ' Didn't he do fine/ said ho to mo, 'among so many lirst- class professionals, too ?' ' ' I never heard an amateur do so well in public,' said I, and what's mora I meant it, eh? Don't you think I was right ?" — San Francisco Chron icle A Bio Scheme. — " I've got the biggest scbemo of tho age," said a man about forty years old, aa ho dropped into a chair by the city editor's desk in tlio Banner editorial room, this morning. He wore a brindla-colored duster, and his head-gear, an ancient plug, hid his ears from view. "Have eh?" said the person addressed. "Yc3 sir-eo. Biggest thing you ever heard of. It'll revolu tionise the hull country. Make mo ricli, and you rich, and everybody rich." "You don't appear vory rich," "I don't. 'Causo why? I've been fooliu' away my time just like you are ,- doing now. I've worked harder than a mulo for three years, anil not a cent kiid up. About thrco weeks ago nil idea struck mo kinder suddent like. I begun to think. I laid awake nights and thought. Finally, about four o'clock -this morning, avhilolying in bed thinking, 1 suddenly riz up, and ray wifo, she says, 'What's the mattor ! Got n nightmare ? I told her no, that I was going to bo rich. She called mean old fool, and turned over and went to slcop, but 1 was too happy to slcop. I got up and walked around till breakfast, and then I sot out for your office I had heard that you were willing to help the poor, and so I said to myself, ' I'llconfiile my secret to the Banner.' " "Possibly you've found a pot of gold ?" "No my scheme is this : There, are thousands anil millions, of men in this country who are rich, There are moro who aro not rich. Now, my schomo is to havo these rich men to help tho poor man to get rich. See? And when we aro all rich, what a beautiful world we'll have. How do 1 propose to do this ! For instance : I proposo that ovory. man and woman ' iu the State who can afford it shall give me fifty cents. That will make mo rich. Seo? I will tnko that money and start ms a family grocer', and then we rich men will take up a siiuiiiar collection for yon, nnd then you-nre rich, Then with you on our list wo'll take up tho next man and make liirn rich, and soon, and so on until everybody is on the rich' list. See how it works ? Beautiful, isn't it?" " I guess it is." " Oh, it's a boss. It's a wonder somebody didn't think of it before. Bo Bimplo you know. Why, wo can all be bondholders in a few years, anil own stock in railroads and canals and National banks." "Well?" "I want you to publish tlio schome, and lot tho people know what we aro doing, and, how thoy all can get- rich, and tell 'em wnsro to send their fifty ccntsos— Elijah l'udd, Station D., Nashville, Tonn. You see, I being the originator, of the plan I ought to be mado rich drat so . as to show 'em how it works. Mow, the honor of organising the plan is glory enough for mo, so if you say . so, I'll lot you havo the privilege, of ' paying in tlio Grst half dollar, and you-' can pay it now, nnil I'll enter your namo on tlio ily-loaf of tins bouk, mentioning in brackets that you aro tho first man. Shall 1 put you down for fifty cents?" " I don't think I care to." "No? Re member, it's nothing to mo who pats his name down first. It's a privilege that will bo granted to but few. If you want, you can pay twenty-fivo conta now and hand mo tlie rest at another timo, Shall I nut down twentv-fiva cents ? No? Then I'll bo moro liberal still ; give ino ten cents, and I'll enter your namo and give you credit for tho full amount. N.o? I'll go, and as you won't ;, givo nio a dimo, maybe you wouldn't mind loan ing mo a chew of tobacco? No? All right;" And ho passed out. An hour later tho reporter found lam working on tho strcots with the coain gang, and as he passed along, heard him mutter I It sad— d poor man who won't -givo ten cents toward making anothor man rich." 