THE OPERA HOUSE. DEAD OH ALIVE, Anew and very atrikingdraraa, from thopon of tho Into Tom Taylor, was produced at tho Opera' Houso last evening, undor the titlo of Dead or Alive. It provides Mr Sandman n with ono of thoso characters, liko Henri do .Lagardoro, iu tho Hnko s Motto, where ho so completely fills tlio place of tho late Mv Foohter, and in which his 'acting is tho despair of imitation. Col, \- Mouriauuo, (Mr Bandmoun), a French officor of . Napoleon, is shown in .the first : act ; as a brilliant dashing - young officor; with a lovely wife, Moltuno, (Miss ! Boaudet). Thoy have a friend in tho Duo do Laval (Mr Cathcart) one of those who look liko tho mnooeut flower, but are, in truth, - the sorpont undor it. Monrionno is ordered to tho front, and is returned killod at tho terrific battlo of Austerlitz. Tho young widow is heart - broken, but yet mar ries the plausiblo de Laval. Tho colonol, however, has not been killod, but has been partly domonted by a bal lot stroke on the head, after tho fashion of John Stofel, in Struok Oil. Mr Bamlmann shows most effectively tho contrast between tho luxurious and handsome colonol, and tlio wreck to which he ib reduced. His wife cannot over come the memory of bor lost husband, and Mkm'dics, leaving his daughter, also named Molaino ; so that whilo tho playwright gives us Mr Bondmν as tho young man in tho early scones, and tho worn, aged veteran after wards, ho supplies a contrast by k coping Melaine over youthful. Tho pathetic interest is skillfully maintained, and tbo various situa tions oxcited' groat applauso last ovoning, par ticularly tiio scono of tho recognition of fathor and danghtor. This was powerfully wrought up, with an elootrio effeot. Playgoers will bo familiar with the same idea in Tlio Old Guard and Rip Von Winkle, but it is ono which never fails to draw tho plaudits mid tears of an audience under tho -practisod hand of Boucicault or Tom Taylor. Tho ac- humiliation of novoltioa for the Bandmann season,1 including the engagement of Mr Fair- dough,; prohibits the ran which a drama like Dead or Alive merits; but Mr Bandmanu hero rises. eyon abovo tho author, illustrating the play with a vividnosa which, wo boliove, .called forth the warmest! eulogy from that gentloman,- as Mr Baudraann's acting in tho Rightful Heir did from Lord Lyttou. It is no surprisb to hear that Dead or Alivp had a run of 150 nights at tbo Quoon's Theatre, London, as originally produced, with tho accomplished' perfonnor now at the head of tho Melbourne cast.", Miss Beaiidet, it is almost needless to remark! wns very touching in tho congenial parta'.of mothor and daughter. Sho discrirai- natod \foll lictwcon tho young mutron and the impulsivo girl, Hor; Madame Mourionue hod tho saddened tonos.of a musical Nocturne, . whilo Melaine was characterised by the sparklo of a waltz by "Arditij until "all tlio mothor" rose in her too by the disclosure of tho dead alive. Miss Bouudot is capablo of sounding all tho 'varied notes in such a part, from the deepest >athoR to tho mo3t unrestrained gaiety. Mr Cnthcart played Laval with good omphasis and discretion. Wo have seen soino absurd notices of this gentloman lately, and have beon reminded . of tho Haying of. a veteran. nctor to the critics, "For heavou'a sake, lea vo me alone altogether. Cathcart is . ono of the most experienced und capablo stock players; on tho. English stage. Tho associate of Charles Kean and Barry 'Sullivan through- - out England and America, ho showed himself equal to a very high occa-ion with his splendid' rendering of Mark Antony to Croswick's .Brutus; on tho stage of our Academy carry ing oil the honors of the representation with out a doubt. Ho is sometimos mis placed,; liko evory other actor, but always painstaking, earnest, and accurate, Mr 'Musgravo is another welcomo performer. SVe cannot j understand why ho has apjwnred so little on tho Melbourne stage, seeing that for years'ht has boon recognisca as the best come dian In New Zealand.,, Altogether Mr Band mann is capably supported, and a good word must bo given to Messrs Nunn, Stark and E. B. Boothinan, tho firstnamod having im proved Vastly. Mr Stuart O'Brien joins tho coiiipauy in the cast of Hamlet noxt Satur day, when Mr Fairclough also.appeurs as tlio Ghost, io tho Hamlet of Mr Bandmann. 