XETSTEEIOUS DISApPPE.RANCE Os' LORD BRACKENBURY [BY AMELIA B. EDWARDS.] (Publishcd bU Arrange;entl ith Icarper Brothelrs,.Ne. EYork.) OHAPTER XVIII.-'Colntinued. '*Ghosts! Are you sobrich, then, as to own more than orie?' ' We are so poor thlat\we do not own even one. There 'is a tradition of a wandering light which is seen in the gallery overhoad when a Langtrey is about to die; but that is a poor sub atitute for a family apparition, and you refuse to believe in it. You are now in the Little Hall. I don't know what use they made of it in the old time-we have turned it into a lum ber-room for all kinds of rubbish.' It was a gloomy room with panelled walls, and one large casement window so thick with dust that it let in scarcely any light. It was not so dim, however, but that they could see at the farther end a heterogeneous pile of old furniture, packing cases varnished cornices and picture? franies, mouldy harness, rusty pikes, and halberds, old book-cases, boxes, fshing-tackle, garden tools, and the like. Beyond this lay a smaller room, called the " Still-Room," surrounded by presses, and communicating by a passage with the old kitchen in the east wing-a great, gloomy cavern of of a place, with rows of rusty hooks in the rafters overhead, and a hugh fire place, at which many an ox had been roasted in the olden time. Never since Stephen Langtrey's father came of age had those rafters echoed to the laughter of wassailers. The hearth had been cold for more than fifty years. The hams and flitches were gone, and the place now contained only a quantity of firewood stacked against. the wall, and a store of potatoes. laid by for winter consump tion. Mr. Uocirane peeped up the chim ney-a blackened funnel ending in a patch of daylight high above-and com pared it with a shaft in a coal mine. Then they retraced their steps, went in at another door on the opposite side of the gateway, and found themselves in the Great Hall, or Banqueting Room, which, with its old black panelling, high-carved chimney-piece, and fragments of rusty armour hang ing on the walls, occupied the other half of the south front ground-floor. Thence, by way of a narrow staircase, Miss Savage took them up to the first floor. ' These,' she said, ' are what used to be called the State Apartments. You are now entering the Long Gallery, o" Throne loom, where Queen Elizabeth is said to have danced.' Following her into this Long Gal lery, they found an old white-haired woman-servant hastily removing the cover from an ancient arm-chair stand ing on a little dais under a faded canopy at the upper end of the room. ' So, among your ancestral honors, you number a visit from the Virgin Queen ?' said Cochrane. ' Yes; she staid here for a night in the course of one of her Northern Pro gresses-I think in 1587. Is that right, Bridget ?' In the year of our Lord fifteen hun' dred and seventy-eight, miss,' replied the old dame, dropping one little courtesy to Mr. Brackenbury, and another to the stranger. ' Her Most Gracious Majesty arrived on the 28th of May, accompanied by the Lords Burleigh, Leicester, Arundel, and Hunsdon, and a numerous suite, and departed the following morning. That is the chair in which Her Most Gracious Majesty sat; and in this gallery she danced a measure with Sir Marmaduke Langtrey.' ' I never can remember whether it was in eighty-seven or seventy-eight,' laughed Miss Savage; ' but you will find it duly chronicled in 'Nichols' Progres'ses, and in Bridget's portentous memory. She will tell you all about the portraits too-better than any catalogue.' CHA~IPTER XIX. THE FAMILY POaTRAITS. THE Long Gallery was well named. It measured sixty-eight feet from end to end, by.only twelve in width, and being so narrow, looked even longer than its actual length. It was lightel by two very large windows to the front, and by a bay-window, now filled up, at the east end. On the panelled walls opposite the two front windows, and in the spaces between those win aows, in all imaginable cross-lights, hung a sesies of faded family portraits; mostly full-lengths of gentlemen in luffs and doubtlets, corselets and boots, Ramill;cos wigs and brocaded waist coats, with a sprinkling of ladies in hoops, powder, aud patches-all in various stages of mildew and dilaplda tion. At the lower end was a musicians' gallery; and here and there, at long intervals against the walls, an old high-tacked chair covered with crim son and amber brocade. Other furni ture and decorations there were none. The floor had on'ce been polished, and doubtless level, butnow was as uneven as the pavement of St. Mark's at Venice. Cochrane gave himself up with a grace to Mrs. Bridget's guidance, and started for the family portraits. £ The earliest painted likeness of any member of the Langtroy family,' said the old woman, falling at once into the perfunctory and half- aggressive tone of a practical cicerone, " consists of a smntll panel, dated 1521, supposed to be the portrait of Godfrey Langtrey, Esquire, who lived in the reign of King Hcnry VIII. It haugsin a room in the north wing. There are also in the old parish church some effigies in stone, and three monumental brasses,. of various members of the family of a still earlier period, some dating back to the time of the Crusades. The name of the Langtrey family, and a list of their lands, is likewise to be found in Doomsday-Book. It is one of the most ancient families in-' 'Never mind all that, Bridget,' said Miss Savage, with a somewhat height ened colour. 'This gentleman wants to hear about the pictures. Begin with Sir Marmaduke.' The old woman folded her arms and sniffed. ' Most gentry prefers to hear the description in order, Miss Winifred,' she said, reprovingly. 'But I can begin with Sir. Marmaduke, ifrequired. Cochraue protested that he would be charmed to begin with the Flood, if necessary, and that nothing could possibly interest him more than the whole pedigree and history of the owners of the Grange." Mrs. Bridget, however, gathering herself together for a fresh start, plunged in medias r-es, and began afresh with Sir Marmaduke. 'The first portrait to the left of the throne,' she said, 'represents Sir Marmaduke Langtrey, born Anno Domino 1540; died Anno Domino, 1616\. Sir Marmaduke held the office of High Sheriff of the County Anno Domino 1578, during which year he was knighted by her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Elizabeth, on the occasion of her visit to Langtrey Grange, The portrait is supposed to be by Sir Antonio More. Cochrane received this information with a perfectly grave-perhaps a too perfectly grave-countenance for Miss Savage at once suspected him. 'Was Sir Antonio More a great painter ?' she asked, turning to Lance jot ?' 'Very great indeed.' 'And this is a bad picture ?' 'Well-yes; it is a bad picture.' 'I thought so. Bridget, you must never again say that Sir Marmaduke is supposed to be by Sir Antonio More. We don't suppose it. In fact, we are quite sure that it is. nothing of the kind.' 'I've been saying it for the last fifty years, Miss Winifred, and it has never been doubted till this moment,' said Mrs. Bridget, in an injured tone. 'If you had been saying it for the last hundred and fifty years, Bridget, it would make no difference.' Then, if you pleasemiss, what am I to say ?' Miss Savage tiurned an appealing look upon Lancelot. 'Say, 'By an unkniown artist,' he suggested. ' Or by a sign-writer of the period. Wouldn't that be better?' Then,. dropping her voice, she added, with a sigh, ' But what does it' matter ? It is perhaps the last. time-poor old Bridget !' Meanwhile that ancient damsel had passed on to the next picture. 'This,' she was saying, 'is the por trait of Sir Harry Langtrey, eldest son of Sir Marmaduke Langtrey, born Anno Domini 1574; married Anno Domini 1606 to the Lady Frances, fourth daughter of Anthony, Viscount Montacute; died Anno Domini 1639. Sir Harry Langtrey was one of the gentlemen dispatched to Gravesend, in 1612, to receive Frederick, the Elector Palatine of the Rhine, on the occasion of his marriage with the Piincess Mary of England. It was in commemoration of this event that Sir Iharry received the honor of knight hood at dhe hands of his Most Sacred Majesty King James I.' Miss Savage hung back, and al lowed Bridget and Mr. Cochrane to move on. (To Zo continued.) 