On Dit. That a promising young man is not as a performing one. That even a lawyer will not defend a case of false pretences, and the barristers speak out like men—don't whisper. That a young man in Cooma can both cut a rump steak and criticise a thea- trical performance. That a local celebrity has left his home in distress. That sheep on the halves is hot coffee for some selectors, and they hardly know how to bridge it. That old John considers it an insult to be mentioned with a three-legged stool surveyor That the rough did his best to spoil the performance the other night. That Joe wonders what the dickens will became of the chap that can't pick better company than informers. That some judges are not very good judges of diameter. That tho portraits of the princes will j1t-nw na sa* it II «- I*''.. ?*?».& CniiAikl nf Arts as Uinn UD nil) lib V/UI1I11B WTUU'f'l 1M W-n ?« clorgymoii ot thu chnrchen. That Besse and Clark have proved by their productions that they are the best photographers that ever visited Cooma. That law is very distinct from justice in some District Courts. That Cooma is a hotbed of litigation, -and the trap cati be judiciously sot for uiaaulls or aland«r, c«prcially if you huve a brother to nerve, or a dummy has a squatter's interests to; promote. That a young man named James Anderson, n member nf the O.U. Odd Fellows Lodge in Conuin, diod at Ar« lucn last week. That anolhor thrce-leggeil squint haa been directed np Vnle-Btri'i-t and round the corner, and the contractor is ordered to cart away 1250 loadu of nartb. That a meeting of Jinduhyno peoplo in to bo bold on Monday next in the Leesvillo Temperance Hotel to gut up a testimonial for Mr. N. Davis. That the cropi of Manuro are wither ing fast through the absence nf rain. That some District Court Judges term the authors of certain dummies as keen men, bnt threaten others with all the terrors of tlm law — and dill it't hard H»l nil* VLIIUI UIUII a, If ill nn iiiv iiiiv* That whispering ncross tbo table in Cooma District Court prevents the ad dresses of barristers being hoard, and re tards the work of Iho rnpurlor. That evidence can bo inanulacturrd for courts of law, and Mr. O'Mara is hot on the sets of witncnnot. who pitch thu same unvarnished talo. \- Thai legal gentlemen sot detectives lo watch suitors who travel in and nut nf Cnnrlnnd communicate with witnesses. That Mr. Andrew Bturgoon's buy has recovered hi« eyesight. Thai the witnesnoB in wailing atConma Quarter Sessions nnd District Court believe 'no prisoners ore Deuer ou, ana ' bless ' the local Bench for not repre senting tho true stalo of affairs. That only Sd. each is paid fur wallaby acalpB now. Tbat Mr. Hugh Stownrl, of Pine Valley, 1ms nrrtngoA vrhh a goMon me dinm to intorviuw tho spirit or the ghost of Hugnndra. That the fins of Gegrdzcrick fish are too nlinrp for some anglers. That a Dutchman reports there havo been two pig slander cases in Oooiua— ' one vos as pig as t'other.' That a Micalagoito threatens to pro secute a policeman fur Blunder. Tbat a hot lot of members congregate at one place in Coomn. That a nnw magistrnlo got several wrinkles on tho law of evidence from a barrister. ' That Mr. Buokhouse (instructed by Mr. Crang) nppearr-d for tlio dcfeiici in the case of McCarron v. Montgomery nnd Reidy at Cooma Dimrict Court, and Mr. Blaxland for plaintiff. That the prospectus of the Mannro Co-operative Mill and Flour Company is worth Hludying, and that the shun; lisl will close on thn 15t!i of September, Tbat the official esnitrnce in tho insol vent estate nf Peter Willinm Johnston, laborer, of Cooma, is Mr. Lloyd. That tho money order system will be extended to Wolumk on 1st September. That Mr. P. 0. Hodgkinson ha« been gazetted a trusteo of Qaoanbeyan Com mtffnge in tbe room of Mr. A, Myers' resigned. That a danghter of Snnior-constnble McClelland has been seriously soalded by boiling water at Braidiroad. That the next Gonlburn Circuit Court will be holden on the 10th of October. Tbat tbe Rev. Mr. Tarn preached a very eloquent sermon in the Wcsleyan Obapel, Cooma, nn Sunday night, and conducted services again on Wednesday evening. That a man knows ' time is money' when he pawns his watch. That Messrs. Besse and Clark have turned out in Cooma photographs equal to any in the world, as any resident can see on looking at the specimens at the American Travelling Palace. That the Prenbytcrisn Churoh in Cooma will be ready for divine service shortly, end that the Rev. J. H. Archi bald should be remembered for biB exor That the members of Onoma Amateur Dramatic Clnb were ' disappointed'' by one of their pupils at the last moment, Int played threo farces pretty well for amateurs That a wholesale stationery house in Sydney has a drummer who beats very quick time to the profit of both hit bouse and customers. Tbat the ladies of Oooma do believe in those Home Companion sewing machines at Spring's. That The Mannro Mercury is such an influential advertising tnedinm— every- body takes the piper— tbat the proprietor baa to issue special supplement!, and friend and foe knows iU worth for good. That the cap' given by members for Bombala races has been rained by a Sydney jeweller at £7 to £10 at the re quest of Mrs. Silk. That Reprieve has been paraded in Cooma, and attracted great notice. That the popular publican at Micalago believes hia hotel is the most pacific in the world, and would suit any coon on the go. Thai ? «uan in Csnma it ra j-!nns that he ia a member of three churches, and tho affair Is making him bnldbnaded. That Reprieve wan in Cooma, and some of the TMsijes nay the Yftii shnw wac worth teeing if only to look at ibe grand horse. That tho proper way to In 1 if water is too hot for * bath fur *n infant, rolui) tesra a matron in Oooma, is to plunge the arm op to the elbow into the. warm or lint water. That Mr. John Wallace, J.P , or Nithedale, mined a valuable blood hnr»e tho daj Mlnton broke out of llraidwood Gaol. Tli at a Inshiiifflnn wboso wny is' full of thorns has fallen into llm pit, and conld not be extractod unless by doing a week'* penance. That the Town and County Journal reports that Dr. O'Connor, mi'dical officer at Darllnghutnl Gaol, ' insisted nn the punishment ol siary Ann Thompson because she rrfusod to allow herself lo be vaccinated in an impertinent manner.' That a party who got a verdict from his Honor wants to lay an information against a lady for alleged perjury. That permits for music and dancing last to midnight Tiint a Volunloor liifln Co. is to b» slartod in Oounm. ? That little Tim rhas urrivvd from Braidwood, and is a grand little pony. That Mr. E. Jonas's sale of valuable horses at Bombala is postponed till 14 ib Septombcr. Tlmt four insolvents of Mansro lonk a walk np Kingttreelltut Friday wm'k. That the tonders for tlio punt at Buck ley's Crossing, the punt to carry about 4 or 5 torn, will cite on 5th September ; specifications con bo aeon gt Cooma Polioo Office. That Mis. Sullivan, widow or tho lain Mr, P. Sullivan, road contractor, who was well known in Ibis district, intends storting a general store in Montgomery's Buildings, Coomn, and numbers wish her orery prosperity. That a robbery from the pnrton was committed in Coooia ou Saturday night. That no man likeg his brolhor to whisper a report of a kiss that can be heard hundreds of yards. That a ' largo number nf shoep are rotting in Oooma Crook, and when a similar case occurred wilh cattle a few ago typhoid fever manifested iU prmcncu in town, and many deaths occurred throughout the district. 