C h i l d y e u ^ ( j M n m t t THE CHILD OF THE SUN. CHAPTEB HL ; NATVBH OUT. .{BtH.KP.3 Tec years bad pasted away, and'one evening u young, shnder, and singularly handsome boy sat on the steps of tbe Temple. His attitude was one of despondency; his dark eyes as tbey gazed on the river where the flower boats etill went merrily up and down as of old were full of a sad yearling. And tt was no wonder that tb»child was sad, for that - morning his bf.st friend and protector the old Abbot had been buried. The cokes and rice had been laid on the grave for bis wandering ghost to eat; the rocky seat sculptured beside it -where the : spirit miglit sit when it came to revisit the scenes of earth ; morsels ef gilded paper had been Btrewn about to scare away the demons : and then his priests and the boy whom he had loved had eome away and left him to silence The priests were busily diseasing in the Temple who was to be his ^accessor, but the boy cat on the steps and thought sidly of tfae.friend who was gone. ^ - "How - kjnd he was to me," ha thought. The - others, most -of them laughed ak me often, when he was not by, because Of my name, the name of Hoy al, which he gave me, and which he told me always to keep. He believed in me; be tanght me all I knew; be told me his vision, and thestrangetbihgi attending my birtb; and he.satd that one day fehouM be a great man, and should fight ihe-.eaemies' tff my country. The others t^l nie flirt my^father-is John the Fisherman, and that he and my mother are but poor people, living many miles down the river,-in tbe little village of Fishes. But he called me Child of Heaven, Child of theSuu'. Hew can both be true?'' And the boy looked wistfully down the river to where the dun was setting iii a flood of gold and crimson radiance, as if be would ask oi his great Parent to discover to him the mystery ot his origia. At this moment there emerged from, the door of the Temple a fat middle-aged priest, with a round oily-lookicg face, and-small eyes that twinkled with a einister.light... The boy started and coloured when .he saw Mm, for this man had always been his enemy, and had seized sly opportunities' fcr tormenting him, and Boyal shrunk from tbe idea of meeting.him, now that bis protector had left him for ever. " What do you here, idle one?" asked the priest in a harsh tone. "Why do you camber the steps of «ar temple, and how long do you ittena to. remain a pensioner on our bounty ? Tbe foolish old man who pampered "vou, and filled jour head with .lorsenso by telling you his visions asd bis dreams is gone now, and your days of idleness are over. A line dreamer be was, trnlj I He told of his visions, and that we were to expect a heavenly visitant, & Child of the Sun, and when we were all holdiiu; our breaths in expectancy, who should appsar bat a wretched tramp and his wife, footsore and hungry, end with scarcely a rag of clothes AU their backs! And then when you, a. paling infest, appeared, the infatuated old man still stuck to. his story, declaring that yau, wretched little beggar, were the Child sent from Heaven, the son of the glorious Son-God! Bidicnlous old fool 2" The boy had risen to his feet, and his dark eyes were fixed flashing with acger on the £ace of bis tormentor. " Beware how you speak of him, priest!" he said. "Say of me what you will, but do not abuse the dead. He is a co ward whoepeaksevil of one-who is for.ever silent. As for me," tbe boy's voice-faltered, and'he pressed both hands on his '.chest as if to keep down «omethingwhiohhefelt riiingthere. "Lbelieve ihat .what be said oLme is-troe. Something rises within me every now and; "then,- which X cannot understand, which speaks to me whispering—* Yon are a king,.and the sonof a.klng, and you shall do kingly deedsl' '? ^ ; - V . The priest cowered tefore: the. light - of r those glowing eyes fixed op Lhim so -ateadily a .bu^ it was only for an instant. " A kingi The son of a king 1 X tell yen, boy, tbat .we know where your father h«s.gone; .he 'is John tbe Fisherman, a poor man, who Uves i^ba^ labopx.':' He s now in the little village of Fisbee, near the outh .of-th^s riv^r, and he. and. Vour mother ave many other; .children besides yourself. our place is. (with him, helping him to mend is nets and launch his : host, ipd if yoa travel own tbe river towardB the setting sun you will reach, him. And let meadvise.you," continued the priest with a sneer, .to drop that absurd name of 'Boyal,' that the Abbot gave you. Boyal, indeed! a.fine name for a.fiaherznan'a brat! Call yourself John, or the son .«£~John tbe Fisherman; it will be more.sensible. The name only makes you a laughing-stock wherever you go." The boy turned away, and Jooked silently down the river; then hei. looked .at the priest once more.. u I will go," he said ; "since you refuse me food and shelter, I willgo to find my father. But remember," he weljt on, drawing his slender figure to ita full height, u «ome day I will come back, and then, I shall be no longer a boy, but a man.. I shall bring an army at my back; then let those beware who have insulted me." . . . Again the priest felt a curious sensation of dread creeping over him, for he knew well enongh that Boyal was not as other children, and hie never conld meet the light that shone aa from an inward fire in those glorious eyes, without feeling somewhat daunted. But he shook the feeling off instantly, and saying, " Go, then, beggar and tramp, back to the dirt from which you sprung," be raised his foot to spurn the boy from him. But the ins lilting gesture was too late. Already Boyal had sprang down tbe steps^ and taking one last look round at the Temple which had sheltered him for so many years, ne set off bravely down, the road by the river, turning his face to tbe setting sun. 