F BO M THE GRAVE. BY DUTTON OOOK. I At the back of a large old-fashioned red-brick house in the Sobo district, a spacious studio, lit by a glazed dome, had been built over what had been once probably awalled-in London garden. A strong door, fastened by means of a foanxrc lnnlr and hrtlfc and Knlf hidden Hv a dark-hued curtain of embossed velvety opened from the studio on to a narrow back street or mews. The whitewashed walls were bung with untrained paint ings, sketches, and studies, while here and there appeared plaster casts of heads, hands, feet, and fragments of limbs. There were to be found also, bnt in no excess, such artistic objects as the painters hare always delighted to possess : weapons and armour, screens and draperies, specimens of carved oak, mediseval furniture and accessories, with the indispensible dais or throne, for the due exhibition of eitters and models. The floor was only in part carpeted. A large canvas rested upon a substantial straddling oaken eaeel. A red fire glowed iu a capacious grate, emitting much heat, yet leaving certain of the remote corners of the stndio bleak e tough. It was night : the darkness without wrapped the glazed dome 'as in a cloak. The room within was bat imperfectly lighted by an oil lamp and by tallow candles burning in massive candlesticks of silver. Before the fire, toasting his shapely giitered legs, sat an elderly gentleman c'othed in black, his attire of a pattern that has long years since passed out of vogue. He wore powder in hie care fully-arranged hair ; a pigtail jerked and strayed about the high collar of his coat A watch-ribbon, carrying seals and keys, swung from his fob. His white ringed fiogers were closed over a gold snuff-box. He was dark-browed, and rather grave of expression ; his face was certainly h mdsome, though a good deal lined and puckered, as characterised, moreover, by a certain bird-like aspect ; bis nose took an aquiline curve, and bis eyes owned the keenness and brightness of a hawk's. His broad brimmed, low-crowned beaver bit rested upon a small spindle-legged table beside him. A much younger man, slight of figure, filr-complexioned, with fine features, but rather worn and haggard of look, leant against a corner of the mantelshelf He was clad in a claret-coloured cloth suit, with dark grey stockings ; his buttons, Knee ana eaoe duckibs were au or cur steel. His nnpowdered hair, of au auburn hue, was so disposed as to fall curling upon his forehead and almost to cover his temples. From where he stood he conld obtain a view of the large canvas upon the easel. He glanced at it uneasily from time to rime, with the air of a dissatisfied critic. The picture was incomplete ; it represented an Entomb ment. The young man was, in truth, a painter by profession. The studio was bis ; he had been listening to certain unfavourable comments upon his handi work. For his Mend, Dr. Dempster, had ventured to be critical. The younger man moved from the fire place to the easel, carrying the lamp with him ; he held it np so that the light might fall fully upon the canvas ; and then stood still for some momenta, frowningly considering it. " You are perhaps right, doctor," he said at length, slowly and with a sigh. " I know I am right, Paul Bernhardt," observed tim elder man confidently. " It's my business to be right. I have not studied and practised medicine and snrgery all these long years to be wrong at last. For, look you, this is not simply a fine-art question, or £ would bold my. tongue, It Is rather a physical question ; it concerns . natural philosophy, science, anatomy, physiology, fact. I am likely to be informed npon those subjects. The doctor refreshed himself with a noisy pinch of snuff. ''The figures are all drawn conscien tiously and laboriously from the life, I do assure you," said the young man addressed as Fanl Bernhardt. Vpp Vrtn liacffi inalifiaJ «mm . . «-.«jtw«uou jvui \ra- man origin, my Mend," the doctor con- tinned. "Your work is grand and true ; you have not spared yourself you are a skilled draughtsman, if yonr general effect is — what shall I call it? prosy, stolid, Yes; your figures are all, as you say, drawn conscientiously and labor iously from the life ; not a doubt of it: But, my good friend, in this instance" — as be spoke the doctor pointed to the most prominent figure in the punter's composition — " it is not Life that yon had need of: it was Death." "Yon mean——" "That is simply a live model lying down in a position ypn have chosen for him. He is - not even asleep. He, is \- alive and awake. -Those -are -not the limbs ofacorpse. Those arenot a dead \- man's muscles. That'- is not a ; dead man's hand. The blood of life still purses through those Veins, If I were to put my finger-upon that wrist I should feel a healthy pulse beating." " But the colour I" ",Well the colour is livid, unwholesome, ghastly. But does that sufficiently con vey the idea of yonr picture or does it merely demonstrate that yon are not a colourist, my friend ? It strikes me that yon have tainted all your carnations alike with tones of clay, or of leather, or of nankeen. If one figure is dead, all are dead. If one lives all live." " You are perhaps right, doctor," the young man said again after a pause, and with another sigh. " But I think you I hardly allow for the unavoidable limita tions of art — the difficulties under which an artist labours. I strive hard, I do assure you, to be true to nature, to be sincere in art It is the same thing almost But if I fail, I must fail. I can only depict death from a living model, arranged in a particular pose, such as, to my thinking, a dead body might reasonably and naturally be expected to assume:" " I apprehend," said the doctor calmly tapping his snuff- box, " that if death is to be accurately and faithfully portrayed it must be from a dead model." " That is easily said." " And easily done. Where is the' difficnlty ! My dear Fanl, if I bad. need of what we call ' a subject,' do yon think one would not readily be forthcoming ? Indeed, if I wanted a hundred subjects I should obtain them forthwith. As a rule, what is wanted is supplied. There is a price to be paid of course. Accord ing to my experience, at every step in life there is a price to be paid, of one kind or of another ; for it is not invaria bly payable in money. A man has his price, be he alive or dead ; he iB worth jnst so much and no more. In the one case, he can hesitate and haggle abont terms ; in the other, he can't ; he most leave that to his representatives legal or illegal as the case may be. But one must allow for human infirmities, for the nervous system, epigastric condition, the state of the digestion, and so on — not to speak of moral scruples, for they are always possible, however irrational their character. It may be that you are so accustomed to paint only from the quick, you would object to paint from the dead ; that what is called yonr nature — by which term I understand the stomach simply to be signified — wonld revolt at such a proceeding." "If £ do not think so," said the p&iuter.; ii x sauw myneii "So few of us know oncselves," the doctor interrupted. "If I know myself," repeated the young man, patting from him the remark with a waving movement of his hand, " I should not hesitate to ply my brushes even in the presence of the dead. Surely my hand would not fail me ; my eyes wonld not lose their power of observing ; my senses, my reason, wonld not abandon me ? I have no moral scruples on the subject." " I am glad of that. What we call moral scruples are often only silly pre judices in masquerade." " I am not timid, although I desire to make no foolish vaunt of my conrage." "Ho, you are not timid, my Mend. But you own a certain element of imaginativeness. Sometimes it seems to me that the veiy brave are merely the very stupid. They confront danger boldly becauae they fail to underetaod it. They have no mind's eye. They only eee what is before them ; and they ere without fully comprehending. Men are often frightened, not eimply by facts, but by the strange thoughts, dreams, and inventions they weave round facts, mag nifying and mystifying them. After all, what is a dead body ? To me it is nothing. We members of the healing art are so often brought face to face with death," he said with a grim smile. " We are for ever walking, as it' were, over a battle-field. The bodies of those who have fallen in the great battle of life en compass us npon every side. If we doctors have not absolutely slain them with our own hands, we have not saved them. Should we fear the dead ? Should wc luuuu <tuu BUUH nuu uouiuie wuCQ we pass them by or step over them ? Surely not. They are powerless for good or for evil, poor things. Yet they have their uses. Science has need of them. Why should they not serve Art likewise ?" "I know no reason why they shonld not," answered the punter. "To me the dead are 'subjects,' as I said. We force Death to betray to us certain of the secrete of Life. We cut our way, literally, to the mysteries of nature. For us the dead speak, and to good and salutary purpose. Who is wronged ? Well, possibly — I say possibly — the grave Is desecrated. Is that any thing more than a manner of speaking a set phrase, without any particular sig nificance? If bodies are wanted they most come from somewhere. If they come from the church- yard, what is that to me ? I do not fed bound to make enquiries that might or might not be inconvenient. There are traders in ' subjects.' as there are traders in other wares. Do yon ask in every shop you enter whence came the shop-keeper's goods? The 'subjects' are bronght from the hospital, from the jail, from the poorhonse, from the grave. I care not, I know not, which. Does it matter to me, to yon, to anybody ? To the dead it can matter not at alL For my part, when life has passed this old trunk of mine, I place it at the disposal of Science. Surgery may do its best or its worst with it I shall reck not Living I have served my fellow-men ; I shall be happy if it may be possible for me to serve thein in deatii and afterwards." The doctor looked at Ids watch. "Hear midnight," he scud, "jWUd not think it was so late. I grow old and garrulous, and npon some topics, when I once begin, I cannot stop myself But one word mora Is it to be Aye or No?" " You mean ?" "Say Aye, and by this time to morrow, or let me say Tatber in the coarse of to-morrow night, the model yon and your picture have need of dull be brought into your etadio, shall be lodged before your easel. All shall be done SBcretly and silently. . I will, charge my self vrith the accomplishment of the pro ject. - 31 shall be carried out completely, withont your stirring. You need hot appear, you need qprak no word; but I pledge myself that you shall have your model. ; AU I sik is thatyou irill be ; at once bold and prudent andtelm, ted that yoo wflrieaye tbat door unlocked" —be pointed tothe door which led /rem the studio into the mens— or that you will be in readiness to open it upon the instant when you hear a tap upon it without.- Yon understand f I see you do. Now, is it to be Aye or No 1" "It is to be Aye," sud the painter firmly. " So be it, then. Good-night, Paul Bernhardt." ,c Good-night, Doctor Dempster." The doctor went his way. The painter eat musing before the fire. He outstretched his hands— they had turned very cold — and warmed them over the red-hot embers. Presently he took up the lamp to inspect anew his large in complete picture of the Entombment. Passing a small looking-glass fixed against the wall he glanced for a moment at the reflection of himself. He started : he bud never before known himself to look so extremely wen and pallid, n. Twenty-four honre had passed. Paul Bernhardt was alone in his studio. His lamp was lighted, and the fire glowed again in his grate. He moved abont uneasily ; now pausing before his picture, and now examining and re- examining the lock and flintB of a horse-pistol that rested upon the mantel shelf He looked not so mnch alarmed as anxious and suspicions. He knew that something strange was about to happen. He was less certain as to how he shonld meet and endure the coming event ; its shadow was already npon him. Frequently he consulted his watch. He opened fhe door leading to the narrow street at the back of the honse and looked out, this way and that. It was very dark. He held his breath so that he might listen the better. All was very still Stay 1 Surely he heard some thing. Footsteps ? No. A voice ? Yes. But it was only the echo of the watchman's cry, as, in a distant street, he announced the hour of the night and the state of the weather. It was very cold ; a bitter wind blew down the narrow street. Fanl Bernhardt with a shiver retorned to his hearth, and stood there with one foot upon the fender, leaning against the mantelshelf in his old attitude, his cut-steel buckles sparkling in the firelight, " Can any accident have occurred?" he asked himself " Has there been any mistake? Can the old doctor have failed to carry ont his plan ? " He was trembling with nervous anxiety. Bat now, he conld not be deceived. The annndft. first, of wlimln. then of font- steps, of low-toned speech, were plainly audible. The door — it had been left unfastened — was pnshed open slowly. Then appeared a man with his hat slouched over hie face, and wearing a long, heavy, many-caped coat; a large coloured handkerchief was wound loosely round his neck. For a moment he stood still, glancing round the studio, as though taking note of its contents. His eyes met Paul Heinhardt's. The man raised a tbickgrimy forefinger, by way of signaL A thick-set, swarthy man, dark-eyed, black-browed, blue- chinned, coarse- featured. " By the doctor's order," he eaid in a hoarse whisper, " a male subject — paid for. Is that right ? " Paul Bernhardt nodded. The man withdrew for a moment ; a low whistle was heard. Presently he re appeared with a companion assisting him. They carried a long and heavy bnrthen wrapped in a sheet of rough and ragged sackcloth of a dark hne. They stood for a moment in doubt. Paul pointed to the dais. They rudely and rather noisily de posited, or rather flnng down there, the thing they had been carrying. " Yon will drink 1 " asked PanL " Yea ; they wonld drink : brandy, gin, usque baugh, anything. They were not par ticular." Thereupon he took a bottle and glasses from a cabinet in a corner of the studio and gave them brandy. They emptied their glasses very promptly and prepared to go. " Stay," said Paul ; " one word more. There has been no foul play ? '' " There has been no foul play, as far as I know," calmly answered the man who had first entered the studio. " The subject died a natural death — at least I suppose he did." " In a workhouse ? " " No— the case was urgent — we could hear of no workhouse subject suitable. Our order was very strict. But, there was a funeral this morning at St Pancridge's. Our dread was lest there should be any one watching the grave: We get shot at sometimes — no one wants to be shot at if he can help it But there were no watchers this time, and the dark night favoured as. We managed the business very comfortably." " Let me fill yonr glasses again." They drank more and more brandy. He gave them money ; they departed ; the punter closing, lacking and bolting the door behind them. He listened ; he conld hear their footsteps, the grinding of wheels, the tramp of a horse's hoofs. Tbey had gone. Paul Beinhardt was left alone with the dead body. It was with an effort be induced himself to approach it. His face was very pallid, his fingers trembled curiously as he lightly raised the sackcloth sheet and tossed it on one side, and gazed at the figure it had wrapped and concealed. " A man of my own age," mused the painter, " and about my height. Well- formed, symmetrical, muscular, with short curling dark hair. He mdst have been handsome, I think. Surely he has not long been dead. How pale he is — how i very pale. Yet," he added, as he caught eight of-his reflection in the glass, "not: paler than I am, I think ; no one conld well be paler tnan that. How cold and ; JavV «n<1 tiliff am Ittn hsnfla Roer nnM he is here about his heart Yet, I should have though deatii wonld have been colder. What haa this man's life been? What brought him to the .grave whence he has been but now so rudely torn? He had not lived so very many years in the world.- Was his life happiness to him? Did he love mnch ? Was be loved ? Was he loath to die? Who can tell ? His lips are closed for ever. The s'ory of his life- — if it had a story — is a secret that will never be told. Do I know the man? No. A face like that, it seems to me, that I may have seen somewhere, nt some time. But not that free. No, I do not know the man." The printer bronght bis lamp nearer to bis large picture of the Entombment, tfaenl glanced from the design to his' dead model. With a scrap of white chalk he made certain marks/corrections, or memo- randanpontbeoflnvas, " It is curious," he noted, " how nearly the body has fallen into the lines of the figure in the picture. Chance bronght me in the neighbourhood of the truth then. Yet the doctor was right There is a want of accuracy here. I have failed to give or to suggest the effect of death. The printing is not eo dead as the model If the doctor were to place his finger npon that wrist he wonld feel no pnlse beating." He glanced again from the model to the picture and back again. Suddenly he stopped. " Strange," he said, " what is that spot npon the wrist ? A scar ? A birth-mark ? " He bent down to examine it more particularly. It was a tattoo mark, a donble circle, abont half an inch in diameter, enclosing a St. Andrew's cross. The artist was painfully agitated. « What may this mean ? " he demanded huBkUy, his heart throbbing noisily. He bared his own wrist ; it was marked in a corresponding manner, with a like donble circle enclosing a St Andrew's cross I "Years ago, when I was a boy at Utrecht, that figure was tattooed upon my wrist by a Scotch schoolfellow and com rade of my own age — one Allan Hay. Can this be indeed Allan Hay ? It might be. I cannot be sure. For years we have not met But 'what wondrous chance could bring Allan Hay to me, and in tbis dreadful plight ? Am I dreaming ? Am I going mad? We were firm fast Mends once. Did we ever join in a pledge that if snch a thing might be, whichever of ns, died first should come back from the grave to visit the survivor with tidings of the other world ? Some such mad thing we may have madly said in the long-forgotten past. Is this, indeed, Allan Hay ? Ah ! " He started back with a scream. There was a strange movement about the bocly, a sort of convulsive twitching of the nerves ; then there passed over the frame a curious trembling. Pari Beinhardt placed his hand again gently npon the bare breast of his model. " Great Heaven ! " he cried, " the heart beats ! He grows warm ! The dead man is coming to life again 1 " in. He might have said with Lear, " You do me wrong to take me out of the grave." He seemed to suffer so acutely in return ing to animation. It was anguish to him to breathe again. Yitality was restored gradually and painfully. It was so hard to induce the little leaven of life that had awoke within him to leaven his whole bodv. to extend to his extremities. A faint action of the heart was discoverable, and for a long time nothing more than that Then came a slight and intermittent heaving of the chest. He was bathed in hot water his limbs were chafed, his lips were moistened with wine. For hours he lay wrapped in blankets before the fire. He began to murmur inarticulately. The first words he uttered were scarcely intelligible ; but he was understood to complain of the cold. He moaned, shivered, and his teeth chattered, the while he was nearly scorched by the heat of the heaped-up and roaring fire. Dr. Dempster had been sent for, bnt could not be fonnd. Pari Beinhardt had been left almost to hiB own resources. He thought there might be danger in admit ting strangers to his counsels. The man he recognised at his former friend, Allan Hay, had been bronght to the studio under such strange conditions. The painter deemed it possible that some criminal charge might be brought against him, that he had rendered himself liable to some penalty of the law. It was desirable, he decided, that secrecy shonld be maintained as far as possible — for the present at any rate. " I wish the doctor were here to advise and help me," he said to himself over and over again. " His absence at this time, of all others, is most inconvenient and vexatious." He had sent again to Dr. Dempster's honse in Suffolk Street, Pall Mall He conld only learn, concerning the doctor's movements, that he had been hurriedly snmmoned to attend a patient in the neighbourhood who was presumably in a state of danger. The doctor had been absent some hours, and was expected back at any moment, bnt aB yet he had not retnrned. Pari Beinhardt, pondering on the anxieties and difficnlties of his position, sat by his studio fire, leaning forward. He was gazing into the burning coals, bis hands supporting his head and his elbows resting npon his knees. What was he to do next ? What was the story, the mystery of Allan Hay's life ? What strange occurrences had brought him to this dreadful pass ? It was plain that he had been buried alive ! By what cruel chance, or by what infamous design ? Would he recover ? Was it possible he could survive the terrible trial he had undergone ? The painter distressed himself with these questions, asking them repeatedly, and vainly striving to reply to them. Suddenly he was conscious of a move ment on the part of the man. The poor creature was moving uneasily in his blankets. One hand was raised and waving feebly and helplessly above his head. He seemed struggling to rise His eyes were wide open, his ashen lipB. were parted, exposing his clenched teeth. There was upon his face an expression not so mnch of fear as of almost insane wonder and extreme perplexity. "Where am I?" ha asked in a strangely scared voice. "Hush! Be calm. Yon are safe now. You have nothing to fear. Be sure of that." " Ah, I have seen your face before. . I have heard your voice, somewhere, I know. I am sure of it. Bnt where ? Let me think, think. No, I am not mail T fiare been called mad. bnt T am not- mad. - Ah 1 tell me, is this Utrecht ?" \- " No, not Utrecht. Bnt you are safe, in friendly hands. No harm can come to yon here." " Stay ; you are Pari Bernhardt. I know you now. We were Mends once." " We are friendB still, Allan Hay : if yon have need of my friendship or of any help that I can render yon " " Friends 1 no. We are foes rather. Wo parted years ' since. Have you forgotten? We loved the same fair- haired doll : Ammida Milston, with her schoolgirl prettiness, her lily free, her rosy lips, her: heaven-bine eyes.-- She came between ns, and we quarrelled, as men always quarrel when a woman comes between them. And we who had vowed to be such Mends always I To fall apart for a wretched thing like Amanda Mil- ston: A doll, did I eay ? A devil rather. We loved her : fools that we were ! And we hoped, each of us, for her love in return. Madness ! What love had she to give ? None ! She knew not, she could not know, she could not even dream what love was. A doll? A devil I say again." " Hash I hash I yon over excite your self." " I wrong her, you think ? No, no ; I do her more than justice. Yon did not yon do not know her as I know her. " But all this is past and gone by long since. We have nothing to do with this now. This child — she was bnt a child — Amanda Milston, is nothing now to you or me. Why distress yourself with reviving these old sad memories 1 Pray be calm. Forget that we have ever disagreed and parted. Let as be Mends again as in the time long past, Allan Hay. Forget that there ever lived this Amanda Milston." "Forget her?" he laughed wildly. " It is easy for you to say "that You can afford to be lenient and generous, benign and benevolent. It costs you nothing to forgive and forget. You did not marry her as I did." " You married her 1" " What ! You did not know ?" " Pray pardon me. I thonght I heard that Amanda Milston had dis missed yon as she had dismissed me ; that she had affected to prefer you only to discomfort yon the more. And, bnt that harsh words had passed between ns, no real reason existed why our school boy Mendship should not be resumed, and that we might meet again in the old way upon the old terms. But it so chanced that we never did meet again nntil now, in this strangest of fashions." " True she dismissed me as she dismissed von. bnt it was to beckon me back as Bhe wonld have beckoned yon back had yon remained in sight and within range of her power to allure and illude. Prudently you received her sentence and manfully departed. Yon did not know how easily she corid reverse her own judgements, unsay to day the things she had said yesterday, in order, perhaps, to say them over again to-morrow. Fool that I was ! I lingered, to find myself at her feet again, her ohained slave, her abject spaniel, fawning and crouching, only to be teased and buffeted, the victim of her every idol caprice and wanton fancy. I loved her en 1 T kannml fnv liar luaavf. fill A ffflTA 1T1A — a stone. It was all she had to give. She promised to become my wife— with drew her promise — renewed it again. We parted for ever ; to meet again half an hoar afterwards. No wonder that you heard that all was over between us! We were for ever agreeing tbat we could uever be anything to each other. At lengt it really seemed that we bad finally departed. For weeks I did not eee her or hear from her. Suddenly a wild impulsive letter reached me. She implored my return. I went. A new whim had taken possession of her, or she wished to wound some other lover. I found her in a yielding mood:' She fled with me to Scotland and became my wife. What a triumph ! Amanda Mil ston my wife — my evil genins — my sworn tormentor ! The happiness of my life was wrecked npon her flint of a heart. Give me wine ; let me wash away, the taste of these thoughts." His voice grew weaker ; he had over taxed his strength ; he was still suffering from the perils he bad undergone ; he had not escaped whole and unscathed from the grave. Bat a nervous excite ment possessed him ; he'tossed to and fro uneasily among his blankets before the fire. He talked incessantly ; be corid not be calmed or silenced. Almost it seemed as though his wits were discover ed, his mind diseased. He told of the discord, the strife, the misery of his married life ; of his wife's heartlessness, cruelty, and treachery. " I had not, as yon had," he said, "an art to turn to as to anodyne. I corid not, as you corid, seek in professional life forgetfulness of the miseries of my U.ULI1C JL ndslf M JUU leuicuiUBij a student. I was duly called to the Scottish bar , but I had not the strength, the alertness of mind, the firmness of nerve necessary to success as an advocate I had but little practice. Amanda had thus a new reason for despising me. Our means were bnt small. The son of a Scottish laird of small fortune, unable to proceed with my profession, I fonnd myself often poor enough- Even those who love find poverty hard to bear. Think bow Amanda fonnd it I She corid not love, bnt she corid hate, as I had soon to learn. She despised me ; she hated me ; she wished me dead. Bnt I can say no more now. I grow faint and very, very weary. By-and.by I will tell yon more." He fell back, and in a moment was soundly asleep : not to waken for some hours. Panl sat beside the sleeper, contemplating him, and considering his strange story. Suddenly he stirred, shook himself, and rose. " I must go out. Fear not ; I will come back. I am stroDg enough now. Lend me clothes and money — a very little will do. Enough to pay for a hackney-teach." It was in vain that Paul opposed his going forth. " You forget," he said. " I have a wife at home who tfainkBherself a widow. I must undeceive her. She his to learn that I am alive." Pari offered to accompany him. It was not prudent for him to go alone. " What r cried Allan Hay with a wild laugh, ' you would see your old love again ? Yon are curious as to how Amanda looks after all these years? Another time, my friend — another time will do for that." And, weak sud ailing, wild of look and with trembling limbs, he went forth alone. rv. It was late at night when Dr. Dempster re- entered Pari Heinhardt's studio. "Yon sent for me," said the doctor, " but I corid not come before: I have been closely engaged all- day lung I have not had an hour to call my own. Are yon IU? Has anything happened ? Yon wear a strangely troubled look; yqnr face is, very pale and worn. -How yonr hand barns! And what a prise! What's the matter ? Have yon seen a ghost? Have you been allowing yonr imagination to ran riot and scared yonr- self into a fit ? Hare yon been suffering from indigestion, and are you just awakened from a nightmare ?" "Not that exactly," answered Pari with some hesitation. He felt some difficnlty in relating to the doctor what happened, noting his unsympathetic tnood. " Has Joel kept his word ?" The doctor glanced f round the studio as though looking for something. " Bnt I see he has not." " Who is Joel ?" " The question shows that he has failed me. Joel deals in ' subjects he received particular instructions from me. I suppose some difficulty occurred. But I never knew Joel to fail before, he is usually very businesslike and punctual and trustworthy in his dealings. Let me sit down by the fire ; I felt qrite worn ont. I have seldom gone through a more trying and fatiguing day. And if yon corid give me a glass of punch, I'd drink it and be obliged to yon." "It is my turn to ask what haa happened?" arid the printer, as he attended to the doctor's needs. "Yon mnst know," Dr. Dempster began presently," that I was hurriedly sent for the morning after I left yon, to' attend a lady who had been seized with vio lent fever and delirium. She was a young woman of considerable beauty, a widow. 1 She has lost her husband veiy recently, I was told, and it was supposed that the shock had deranged her intellects. At the same time I gathered — though it mattered little enough, all things con sidered — that she and her departed husband had not lived happily together — had indeed, lived most un happily together. He had been a Scottish advocate, I learnt, but had no practice. For some time they had been living in lodgings near Charing Cross. I saw her for the first time. I was called in t/l oirioo nifli lien vannlap mailimt nf. tendant, a man of whom I knew nothing, and whom, I may say at once, I did not like. His manner struck me as insolent and offensive. He had simply sent for me to confirm his opinion, and to second his proposals as to the treatment of the patient. Now I am in the habit of forming opinions for myBelf, and of adopting my own modes of medical treatment. " It so happens," the doctor continued, after a pause, " that I have made much study of cerebral derangement That the lady was suffering from a serious mental disorder I corid not doubt She UftU UliUia DU LUC bbltuil M WU'WKIblUU' tion. She had accused herself of a veiy dreadful crime — nothing less than the murder of her husband. She believed detection to be imminent She had per suaded hereelf that she was being watched and that the officers of justice were already in qnest of her ; that a shameful death upon the scaffold was assuredly in store for her. I need not tell you that propensity to suicide, unreasonable fears, forebodings, and self-accusations are plain indications of a diseased mind. The patient was in a state of acate mental distress ; she was talking wildly, incoherently, deliriously ; she was what people call raving. Bnt I mnsrit weary yon with a long story, or set forth the process by which I arrived at a certain important conclusion. I was influenced, however, less by what the woman said, though she said many strange things, than by the man's manner. He evidently desired to silence her' at all costs, by the most brutal means if no others were available. In fine, I con vinced myself, that a crime had really been committed ; that the woman's hatband had been murdered in the most shameful manner, and that the man I fonnd with her was her accomplice, and, as I suspect, her lover. In plain words, the husband had been heavily dragged with opiam, and then treated as dead, and hurriedly buried — alive." "The woman's name is Amanda Hay," cried Pari. "She is the wife of Allan Hay, advocate." \- " How did yon know that ? I was carefnl not to mention any names." Paul then related how Allan Hay had retnrned to life from the grave, describing the incidents that preceded his recovery. " All this is very strange," mused the doctor. " You are sure' yon have not been dreaming, Pari ? Then, after all, Joel was as good as his word." "Bnt Amanda — is her state hopeless ?" " She cannot recover, as I judge. She is shattered, mind and body, by her fears and her remorse. Corid anyone wish her to live." " She was very beautiful once." "She is beautiful still, for that matter." "And I loved her with my whole heart." " Of course that alters the case," said the doctor. v. A sadden movement in the half- lighted stndio startled the two men. A gaunt, weird, ghostly figure emerged from the darkness and stood before them. It was Allan Hay. " I have seen her. She lives " he said in hollow tones, feebly swaying to and fro the while. "But she did not know me. She is stark mad. If she had known me I should have, killed her. I looked -into her eyes. I found no re cognition, no speculation there. It was as though she had never seen me. So I spared her. It was best I think." He laughed wildly, tossing np his arms and staggering about the room. " Who is this I" whispered Doctor Dempster. " Allan Hay." " The hnsband. Ah, I understand." Rising from his chair, the doctor with his keen hawk's eye watched curiously the man returned from the grave. " But he is dead !" cried Allan Hay, laughing and staggering anew. But for Paul's aid, indeed, he would have fallen. "Who is dead?" asked Paul, with both arms supporting him. " Her lover. -The man who helped her to poison me. He loved her and he hated me. She was to become his wife after my death. I heard them whisper- ; fog their plans together. He will never whisper again. I did not qrit my hold until I knew that he was dead. Look here !" He held out his hands; -they were torn and bleeding. " See how he scratched and. bit,' lite a wild eat 1 '. Bnt I strangled Mm. He will bite and scratch no more. All is over now."- Uttering a strange ciy, a sob, a gasp, a groan— it was . hard to say which— the poor wretch slipped through Faul'a anns on to the dais beside the picture of the Entombment, Dr. Dempster sprang towards him. In a moment the doctor's fingers were upon his pnlse. " He is dying," said the doctor with a significant glance at PanL " Can nothing be done ?" " Nothing." There was a dreadful stillness for some minutes. I " He is dead," said the doctor. He released the wrist he had been holding between his right fore finger and thnmb, and lightly let the dead man's hand fall beside him. "You can renew your studies from the dead model." The painter shook his head mourn fully. " Never more," he said. " Allan Hay was dear to me once, . Pari buried his face in Ids hands. " Come, come, my friend ; this must not be. There is something to be thought about. After all, the living are rather to be considered thau the dead. What are we to do? I will tell yon. We mnst turn our backs anon all this. We mnst treat it all as though it had never been, or as though it had been the bad dream I once judged it to be." He threw over the body some ragged sackcloth he found upon the dais. " We must forget the whole business." " Never," eaid Paul Beinhardt " This I will do, at any rate," said the doctor. " It will be the best course to pursue for all concerned. I will send to Joel straightway and bid him carry back to St Pancras's Churchyard the body he stole from it some few hours since. That act of restitution is in onr power at any rate. For the rest — well, I think we will leave the rest to chance, and hold onr toDgues meanwhile." The doctor regaled himBelf with re peated pinches of snuff as he literally turned his back upon the dead body of Allan Hay. 