SUPERNATURAL INFLUENCE. liibeeai Review. > Tho avowed spiritualist who believes that the air is peopled with shadowy entities, conscious 1 and active at the instance of their loves and sympathies, their dislikes and antipathies, and ready to rospond to the beck and call of pecu liarly gifted mortals, stands almost alone. in soli- tary grandeur. The public generally seems to halt between tho opinion that he is a charlatan and the opinion, that he is a fool, though some mernjful folk kindly admit that he may be merely a misguided enthusiast. The manner tu vhich he materialises tho supernatural, and the manner in which he establishes a means of com munication between the seen and the unseen worlds, , or, . rather, says that he establishes, create ridicule and asperity in about equal pro portions. Even those who are most giveu to what' is called superstition do not believe in the possibility of: their getting on to talking terms, except in tho dark und silent night and places remote from human call, with the phantoms whom their vivid imaginations conjure up. No doubt, they believe, in a vague way which they would, be unable to. define, that spirits, good and evil, accompany them iu their daily walks, that spirits, good and evil, are perpetually en deavouring to shape thoughts and actions, that spirits, good and evil, brood over their couches at night and decide their dreams, and that, whon .they die, spirits, good or evil, will at once become visible to them and transport them to the place in which the next stage of their im mortal existence is to be passed. But the be lief is accompanied by the conviction that their communication with those spirits must be purely personal—that ' it can' be participated in by no other human being — and that if the spirits ever deign' to make themselves seen to or heard by them on this side of the grave they will do so when no one bIbb is by and when darkness ib brooding over the:face of the land.' They would not,"1 probably, defend their peculiar faith, if faith it may be called, in the active properties of the invisible. It is more than possible that, under certain circumstances, they might go so . far as to deny that they possessed it ; they might even feel that they had it not. The ghost of murdered Banquo upset remorse-distraught and craven-hearted Macbeth at the Banquet, but as a rule people are not accustomed to realise the profundity and possible nature of the unseen whenuthey are sitting at ; the festive board, or when' they 'are co-operating with others in the carrying out of a great enterprise, or when they are mingling with a gay crowd under a blaze of light. Butthe instinct, or faith , or belief— let it be called what it may— is there all the same. The" true state of the case iB generally brought borne to them when ; physical " or. other causes are conspiring to .unstring their minds, and .. they then, occasionally become the victims \--of emotions by which, when the time for com posure and _ confidence has arrived once more, they would.be ashamed to confess, even tu them- aelves, .they. 'had- been animated. The fear of \- aeeing — ror, perhaps, it would be .more correct \- to Bay the sensation that they may be about to see—they do!, not., know' what, . something very different from anything to whioh experience has accustomed them, comes over tho highly-strung, nervous, excitable individual at all sorts of times. ; "He— we speak of a male, though the in- dividualjs as often as not a female— is likely! to be affected in the dreary interval between mid night. and; early-' morning. He'is sitting alone in a room, perhapB awaiting with impatience the return; of some " one. ;fle has endeavoured to occupy- himself with- writing or reading, butthe reading and the writing have palled upon his appetite.; The book and the pen may' not have been.aqtually !thrown' aside,' but they are held listlessly, and' he is more or. less given up to morbid -sensations. The embers of the dying firrifaUipg . from the! grate almost startle him. He fancies that he can hear the furniture crack, and, perhaps, his fancy is uot altogether delu- flivey -the 'house generally seems morerir less instinct with strange noises. . iNow and-then he . is half persuaded that he has heard a voice at his elbow, and it occasionally happens that he is induced to turn , and satisfy himself: that there is not somebody or something standing behind his chair;: He is not exactly" alarmed; possibly his pulse has not accelerated a beat per minute, but he feels, very lonely and, perhapB, realises how close, after all, may be the connection between . the! seen and the unseen. His sensations in that direction are likely to be strengthened if the wind is howling dismally or thundering in boisterous fury outside.the house,' beating against the casement, and causing the- tenement "itself to Bhake. Now, lie does' not: believe that he is the victim of supernatural influences. With the assistance of a scientist, he could, probably, prove that, his peculiar-. emotions are; distinctly and- directly -traceable to-specific "causes— that they'have a' by- tVo' moans remote" connection with the Btate of his stomach''or the state of his general health; !-: But when tbis-muoh is admit ted the fact remains- that ho would be by no meanB astonished, if holdid! really'soe. something which he had never, seen before.: A. thunder- storm, ' especially if it occurs wlien all the world has sought sleep, and lie is one of the few who are privileged to hear its roars und; see ite bril liant combinations of culuur, may affect hiuirin d way somewhat similur to that which we have described. : Now, us the ghostly- idea, if not a ghost itself, is thus in the habit of presenting itself' even :' to educated men of materialistic tehdences whb' are. accustomed- to pride them selves on 'their freedom from" superslitiou, is it fair. to infer. that humauity will ever be cultured up1; to, the point of. declining to recognise the supernatural element in its application to daily life? The white-robed spectre, who used to be the terror of rustics,, the pixey, and the majority of bogeys in which the com moiialty of England had once a pretty general belief, have now lost their, hold on the muhitudo. But the super natural instinct remains, though the more vulgar manifestations of it have to a great extent depafted.l lt'js questionable whether the on-, ward march of science, and the effaceraent of much that used to be "dogmatised about, will be fatal to its continued existence. The probability isfthatyit -will survive all the forces arrayed against it. -'-Nor is this' to be deplored, bo long ak-'itW tempered 'by reason. It may make silly persons- afraid to enter a dark place, and cause them- to believe in : the romantic trash which authors , publish, especially about Christmas time, in order' to horify the "weak-minded and make, bread and cheese for themselves. , But a . belief in the direct or possible unseen commnni- cations between the deiiizeus of the other world ; and the sojourners, on ..this is neither enervating nor absurd, so : long as it is not associated with theatricalism and credulity. Assuredly, it is so. strong in many cases, and so widespread,.: it often living where its existence is least expected, that it 'would' be folly. to ignore its existence: 