SkdtjttS, &t.; TEE FIRE BEACON; OB, A SHIP'S PERIL. 'Oh, papa, Tvhat a fearful storm.' The speaker was » beautiful young woman o£ twenty— a brunette, with dark brown eyes. and black hair, which, in rippling masses, fell down her shoulders. She stood by the side of a thin, old man, clad in a roujt Bailor-like garb, with a huce Bou'-wesWr upon his head. The two were in the L ? lighthouse, which stands at the mouth of one of Eng land's most dangerous bays. It was night, and the old man, who si ood watch in tiie lighthouse, had the huge signal lamp ablaze, throwing red its lurid glare into tbe darkness and tiie driving rack and mist of the storm. ' Ton say, truly, my child,' he answered, 'and I am a little sorry you are with me — tbat you left the coast this morning to .come here and see your old father.' ' And why bo, paps. ?' ' Because — well — you Bee there is no positive danger, my dear; but I have heard older men than I say that the founda tion of this lighthouse could not withstand ?a very severe shock. Feel how it trembles now f' ' Yes,' answered the young girl, drawing yet closer to his Bide. At that moment the telegraph wire attaohed to one side of tbe little room wag seen to tremble, and a bell fast to it was heard to Strike. ' Go, my child, and see what is the news,' eaii the eld man. She went, and soon came baok, pale and breathless. 'Oh, papal they' have telegraphed from the station down the ooaBt, to tbe one opposite tbe lighthouse, that tbe ship Thomat is on her nay to this bay. She was seen just before sundown 1' 'The Thomas!' muttered the old man, find shuddered. (- Now, God help your friend, Harvey Berne, il he is aboard, whioh is quite likely. I'm afraid the poor oraft will have a hard time beating np in cuoh a blow !' Bertha Clyde, for such was the name of the young woman, clasped her hands, and kneeled down not far from her father's ohair. ' What are you doing, my child ?' ' I am praying for him,' she answered. Oh, papa I papa ! may Ood send him safe tome 1' As she spoke a gust of wind, striking the lighthouse, made it tremble as if it would go over. The blast seemed to go rumbling and bottling down tbe wall:, until the soand was lost in ibe spray flying np at its bass. Bertha rose and looked out upon tba black storm. She oould, however, see nothing but the white lines and rings of the tempest tossed waves visible through tbs darkness. The noises, however, were fearful. The shrieking and whistling of tiie wind, mingled with the continuous thunder of tbe ooean, roaring with a din as if thousands of cannon were being dicoharged. ? 'Don't grieve, Bertha— don't grieve, lass ; perhaps he will oome all right,' said the old man, ' and that you'll have a merry wedding this day three months. You have been a good girl to the old man, and you deserve it 1' Bertha's oheeksj:flnshed,.' and her eyes beftmAd inv nt th.iA hnnafnl mnrAa Berne, the firtt mate of the ship Thomat, was herlover. ' There it is 1' suddenly screamed the old man. Ay, . yonder is the light of the Thomat., I'd know it from a thousand — red, green, and blue.' It is— yes, oh, yes 1' cried Bertha, wildly. 'Hark I' The sound of a minute-gun was heard. Again— again, and again. ' They are in distress. Oh, papal what oanwedoi' *' Nay, only a signal. They have stopped firing already, and their light still burns. They are safe enough, otherwise they'll keep on a firin'.' 'Hal' he suddenly added, ' who cornea? ' aB a step was beard upon the stairs. Soon after, tbe form of a dark-looking fellow entered the room. He was Bhort and sturdy, and hiB ooa-l- blaok, dripping hair falling round his face, and half obscuring tbe dark eyeB whiqh had in them an evil expression. ''Watson,' cried the old man, aghaBt, ' what brings you here in such a storm? More a marvel, liow got you across the bay in your boat on suoh a night ? ' 'There's not a more skilful boatman than I, far or near,' answered Watson, grimly. ' I have heardtbat lie Thomat U coming in. Ferditioii seize her I She ehall never reach our coast, if I can help it.' 'Great heaven I Watson, what would you do f ' ' Promise me. Bertha, that you will not wed that fellow, Berne, if he comes safe home, and safe home he shall come. Promise me you will be my wife, whioh you refused to be two years ago, and I will spare the ship. Eefueo, and the vessel leaves her bones and tosses a dead crew on the Black Beef Bocks?' The old man hurried to the well and laid his band on a gun there banging. Watson, however, sprang ou him ere he oould seize tbe weapon, and flung him away from it. The lean, spare form of the poor old man was, by bis powerful antagonist, thus sent flying through the window-sashes, which at once gave way I There was a weird, unearthly scream, as that form descended hundreds of feet upon the spray-shrouded reeks below ! Then Watson dashed the gun against the beacon light with a force which shiv ered it into a thousand fragments ! The light-house w.s useless. Speechless with horror aud surprise, although Bhe knew that Watson had a bad name on the ccast as a dark and desperate man, Bertha stood nearly senseless, leaning for support, against tbe wall, ' Papa I papa !' she gasped, at last, her face as white as a ghost, her great staring eyes turned upon the murderer. ' I did not mean to do tbat,' said he hoarsely. ' I did not mean to fling him outside. It was an accident.' 'Papal papa!' gasped Bertha, still. Her eyes were dry. Her face was colour less. Fi atned in her black hair it looked like that of some ghostly apparition. 'Come — what say you? See, I have another lantern,' cried Watson, pointing at a large one he had brought into the room, 'and it shall be hung out here to light yonder ship eafely on ber way thither, if you promise to be mine.' Still she was too horrified — shocked — grieved at her parent's fearful fate to answer a word. At last she gasped forth : ' No, no, no !' and sprang to the lan tern. t ' So you refute,' said Watson, interpos ing, 'refuse to be my wife P' ' Tes, yes !' she cried, shuddering with horror at the very thought. ' Hang up the lantern — oh, bang it up 1' ' No, thank you,' he answered, and, with a mocking laugh, he left the room, taking tbe lantern with him, and locking the door after bim. ' Ob, Ood 1 what shall I do P' muttered Bertha. ' The ship will assuredly be dashed upon the Black Beef Bocks if there be no light there.' Upon one of the shelves there was a box of matches. She knew exactly where they were, and, rushing to the shelf, she seized them. ' Now, then, what is there here to light ?' she muttered; 'alas, nothing !' Then she bethought herself of a mass of shavings and blocks pf wood left in tbe fire place of this little room by epme carpenters who had been at work here a few days beforp. The reflection of the glare, if these were lighted, could be seen far avay at sea, and might burn long enough, at all events to insure the safety of the coming ship. Berths, therefore, soon had the shavings lighted. They burned brightly, and saw the refleotion of the lurid gleam shooting through tbe broken eaehes. She heard steps ascending, but she ran to tbe door and drew one of the bolts. ' Better let me in, or put oat that fire, if you know what's best for you 1' came the gruff voice of Wateon. But she heeded him not, and her fire still burned, while out at sea she oould see tbe vessel's light gradually sheering away from the dangerous vioinity of the Blaok Beef Books. Xne storm had bow sopewhat abated, tod and the young girl had strong hpp.es as to the safety of her lover's vessel. 11 Ay, ay, you've saved his oraft,' Bbrieked Watson, ?' and now, by Heaven, I will help yon I Yon and he shall bave plenty of light —more than yon ever bargained for ! ' For a moment sbe beard him groping about the stairs. Then she heard a roaring, crackling sound, becoming loader every moment. Instantly she. comprehended the trath. He had sst the lighthouse on fire — had set fire to the stairs ! Sbe ran to the door which Watson had unlocked, but a thick, blaok Bmoke, through which shot lurid tongues of flame, drove her back. The flames ascended faster and faster. They wrapped the lighthouse in a tower of fire, which licked the very heavens above. Bertha was dying— suffocating. She had run hither and thither, vainly looking for some means of making her escape from the place. There had been a large coil of rope in the room, but she remembered that it had been taken into the upper loft — the one above this room — while the carpenters were at work here, and she could not reach this for the fire. Over her head the timbers of the loft glowed red hot, nearly burned through, as she crouched in a corner, suffocating with the amoke and the oppressive heat. Suddenly, some of the timbers gave way, and the rope, not yet much eoorched, from its having been in an out-of-the-way corner, fell at her feet. Hope revived in her bosom. Though faiat and nearly unconBoious, yet she succeeded in mustering strength enough to secure one end of the rope to the iron ring beneath the window-sill, on the inBide. Then she tbrew the other jnst outBide. The next moment, eoorched, and half choked with the heat and Bmoke. ehe was descending the rope. Her desperate situation gave her strength for the long descent. Besides, sbe was a good gymnast, having been * used to climbing when she was a little girl, not only Ihe ropes of her father's gohooner, bnt also trees and fenoei. Down she went, lower— lower— lower. Bat. she saddenly stopped, for beneath her, in the lurid glare, she now beheld the dark faoe of Watson. What ehonld she do ? The panse weakened her wrist so tbat she felt every moment as it she must let go; Weaker and weaker. She was still fifty yards above the rook beneath, and she felt bb if she could hold oat no longer. She resolved to desoend, Down she went. As her loot toaohed the rock Watson clasped her, and seiaed her by the throat. . A pistol eraoked, and 'Pull ahead, lads I' otied a cheery voice as Watson fell dead on the rook. It waB Harvey Beme in a boat, which had pat ofl from the ship, now ooming into the very outside of the Blaok Beef Books. Bertha's story was soon told, and Harvey conveyed her to his boat. They were aboard the ship in a quarter of 4n hour— the ^torm having maeh abated. 'Madam, you saved the ship,' said the oapttin, when Harvey bid related her story to bim; 'but for your lighting those shav ings we should oertainly have gone on Ihe rooks.' We have to add that BeithB married Harvey a few months later. She is happy with ber husband, hut now and then a mournful shadow orosses her face SB'ehe thinks of the fate of ber poor father, whose terrible shriek she almost imagines she oan still hear wben the niud is loud end shrill. 