ELLERSLIE. A SOUTH AUSTRALIAN TALE. CHAPTER VII.—(Coiiinued). BV AGNES NEALE. " Have you brought back my truant niece, Mr. Clyde ?" lie exclaimed; " that was very kind of you. My dear Kate," be added in a tone of affectionate depreciation, highly calculated to impress the listener with a sense of the genial kindness and leniency with regard to the many failings of his niece, " why will you be so undignified ?" But Mr. Clyde was not in the least impressed, being by far too clear-sighted to be gulled by Mr. Stanley's pretences. " I have yet to learn," Kate replied coolly, "that it is undignified to do anything that is necessary." " I grant that necessity has no law," he returned smoothly, " but was this necessary, Kate?" " I deemed it so," she answered, and without giving time any further remark, she passed on, and went up stairs. It was evening before she came down again. CHAPTER VIII. As time passed on Mr. Clyde's attentions to Miss Wallace grew more and" more marked, and that he was very much in earnest was pretty plain to all observers, and Isabel did not fail to see that the case was becoming much more serious than she desired. She chafed, and Mr. Clyde knew that she did ; and knowing it, he cared not one jot. Beside, Garton Clyde was capable of loving, a fact which lie very soon discovered. Now it had not been in Mr. Clyde's prograramne at ail to fall in love with Miss Wallace; but a man is not always master of his own destiny or his own heart, and Mr. Clyde was not, any more than the rest of mankind. So it came to pass that all unexpectedly he found himself vowing allegiance in his heart to a woman's charms. He loved Kate Wallace for herself alone, and had she not possessed a shilling in the world, it is but due to him to say that he would have tried to win her all the same. Also he flattered himself that the young heiress bad surrendered to his charms, and that his task would be an easy one. Mr. Clyde was not always at El'erslie all this time, but the intervals between his visits were seldom very long. Dnring one of those iutervels, however, Kate went one afternoon to see her brother's grave. She had not been there for some time, and wearied and worn out with the vexations of her life, she longed for the quiet of the spot to calm her restless spirit. She was particularly tried just now, for, as I have stated, her aunt was one of the ultra-sanctimonious kind, who considered that a profession of religion, being highly respectable, was at the same time all that was needed to secure a safe passport to heaven. This idea she had been trying to impress upon Kate,as a reason why she should take upon herself the profession of religion. She stated privately to her husband that she did not think it respectable for a girl in Kate's position to be out of the church. But Kate's every instinct revolted against deception of any kind, and especially religious deception. She had abandoned it entirely—and almost God also—but, nevertheless, she honored the religion in the faith of which Arthur had lived and died. And much as she despised deception in others, it was nothing to the abhorrence which she would have held herself had she dared stain herself with such a sin. For she deemed it less guilty even to deny God, than to profess with her Hps a faith in Him to which her heart did not subscribe. She had promised Arthur that sometime she would tread the path he had trod, and she had not forgotten that promise, though as yet she had done nothing towards the fulfilling it. She had forgotten that at any moment, and without warning, the power to fulfil it might be taken from her for ever. Like all in her position she failed to remember or consider the uncertainty of time. She sat down beside her brother's 'grave with the golden glory of the sunlight falling all about her, and her thoughts wandered back to the time when she and Arthnr used to come there together to visit the grave by which his lay. And she thought of that time of horror when in the snmmer night he had been brought home to die. And as the soft breeze kissed her cheek, she remembered his last words, and wondered if Arthur was really near her then. She bent her head low, and let her brow touch the sweet violets that bloomed above him, and their perfumed blossoms seemed instinct with his voice. " Darling sister, I hold your promise and shall look for you." She bent her head still further, and her tears fell thick on the little purple flowers. "* Blessed are the dead that die in the Lord.' Miss Wallace, do you not think so ?" That question, asked at that moment by any other man, might have been of life-long benefit to Kate. Spiritual guidance and consolation she sorely needed at that time, and the speaker was the clergyman of the church she •was in the habit of attending, and she certainly ought to have been able to Teoeive both at his hands. But this man was her especial aversion. Physically, he was well grown, and, on the wiioie, not bad looking; mentally, he was small and me:m to a degree. He was even more sanctimonious than Mrs. Stanley, and believed to the full as much as she did in the efficacy of outward profession. Moreover, he was prodigiously self-righteous, and Kate was wont to say that the soul of the Pharasee of old time had waited patiently for eighteen hundred years, and then had transmigrated into that clayey tabernacle, yclept Mr. Carter. And truly a more worthy modern representative of that ancient and highly-respectable gentleman could scarcely be found; and without any stretch of the imagination, one could easily conceive that, from the first of January to the thirty-first of December, he never for one moment forgot to thank God that he was not as other men. One might, also, as easily conceive that it was about the only thing he thought it worth while to thank God for. By a dexterous movement of her head, Kate managed to slip her heavy fall over his fcce before she looked up. " Nay," she said, with proud bitter emphasis, " all that I love is gone from life, even God can scarcely do more than that." " He could deprive yourself of existence," returned the minister a little doggedly. She laughed, a short bitter laugh. "That would be a blessing rather than a curse, since all I love has ceased to exist." Mr. Carter looked at her in despair. " Miss Wallace, why don't you join the church ?" She looked up in surprise. " Me. Mr. Carter ? Do you think I am a fit subject for such a proceeding ?" " The Sacrament of the Lord's Supper is administered next Sunday. Will you not communicate, Miss Wallace ?" She stood up, bending a little towards him as she auswered— " I take the Sacrament 1 Mr. Carter, are you mad ? Don't you know that 1 am not even a Christian ?" " Still, if you would take the Sacrament, Miss Wallace ?" " Which I shall not do, Mr. Carter. There is one all- sufficient reason, even if there were no other. Does not your Communion Service specify that it is only those who are in love and charity with their neighbors who have a right to partake of the Lord's Supper ?" " Yes ; but what of that ?" " Simply that I am not in love and charity with all men. And not only do I not love all, but I very nearly, if not quite, bate some. And, therefore, from the showing of your own service, I have no right to take the Lord's Supper. No, Mr. Carter, until I can say from my heart, and in all sincerity, I believe in God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, I will never consent to do anything of the kind." (To be continued in our next.) 