TOWN TALK. Beater telegraphs that the British Govern ment has decided, new that hostilities in Afghanistan havo ceased, to gradually withdraw the.troops still stationed on Afghan territory. The cholera at Aden is subsiding, but the mortality has been rery groat, especially amongst tho nativo population. Last evening a special meeting of the Field Naturalists' Club was held in tho Classroom at tho Mechanics1 Institute, Mr W.J. Thomas being in tho chair. A letter was read from tho hon. secretary, Mr M'Burnoy, resigning tho position, as hooould not dovote tho requisite timo to the work. The resignation was received with regret, and tho appointment of a seoretary deforred. Tho members agreed to hold meotings every Monday evening for practice and investiga tion, and to hold a general meeting of mem bers tho first Monday in ovory month. It was rejjorted that Mr J. B. Wilson, tho president, had promised to attend, as often as possible, at the weekly meetings, for tho purpose of giving instruction in tho various scientific departments. Wo observe from the Sydney papors that Dr. Strutt, formnrly Folico Magistrate of this town, reached Sydney on tho 22nd September, as surgeon superintendent of tho emigrant ship Nineveh. Wo have also Been a letter from that gentleman, in whioh ho says:-" We had rather a long voyage, but had no sickness amongst onr people. Every, ono well, except two unfortunate women who had become insane. Ono of thorn had already been in an asylum in Ireland, and had been sent out by her friends to get rid of her. The other had become insane in conseqnenco of a great scare amongst tho young women, caused by ojio of them vory foolishly acting a ghost and prowling about at night, theroby frightening tho others nearly out of their wits, and this unlucky one entirely so." About a month since it was deoided thattho members of tho police forco should bo vac. cinated, as it was considered that tho con stables wero more liablo to become Infected by the small-pox disease through their oloso acquaintance with all classes of visitors. A fortnight since Sergeant Dawson allowed himself to be vaccinated on tho left armi and since then he has been subject to very great inconvenience and pain, tho limb hav ing swollen to an alarming extent. The result of the trial has prevented other, mem" bers of the police force in this district from adopting tho vaccination scheme, and Dr. Mackin, too, has refused to perform any moro operations on policemen pending the out come of Sergeant Dawson's experiences. The starting of tho railway works from Colao to Camperdown has drawn to tho dis trict a large number of strangers engaged in various kinds of labor. Several unseemly disturbances have occurred in the locality of the works, and additional polioe proteotion has been rendered necessary. Constable Glceson, of Qeelong, has been removed to Colac to do duty, and this town has beon placed in an awkward position. Lost night the whole of the town had to be supervised fay only tlireo constables, Messrs Duffy, Curran, and H'Cracken, who were com* pclled to do the work of Bix men. The matter of proper police protection for the town has been several times referred to in these columns, and after somo pressure tho force hero was strengthened by one man ; now, it has been reduced. Tho committee of the local branch of tho Health Society have decided to hold a public meeting in tho Free Public Library, when discussions on tho subject of deoilorisation and disinfection will take place. Dr. Walshe has consented to open tho subjeot, and Drs. Carstairs, W, Shaw, and Warren, and Messrs Link and Thomas, have also con* sentcd to speak on both questions. Yesterday afternoon a cab-driver named Joseph Martin was arrested on warrant by Sergeant 0' Heare, and lodged in the lock- up, on a charge of having resisted Constable M'Cracken in the execution of his duty. On Sunday evening Martin was very drunk in the street, when he was arrested by Con- stable M'Cracken. On the way to the lock- up Martin violently resisted the police, and a crowd of larrikins, who congregated around the struggling couple, released Martin, who got away. The constable was severely handled by the young ruffians who went to the prisoner's assistance. At the Police Court yesterday morning, Messrs M'Cann and Bailoy proceeded against John Halley for having disobeyed an order of tho court, by not paying £4 7s Id, tho amount for which' the order had been ob« tained against him. Mr Bailey, who 'ap peared for the firm, stated ho did not want to be hard on Hallcy, but that the money was owing for xnoro than 12 months, and ho expressed his willingness to take. the pay ment in instalments of £2 at once, and tho balance in two months. Tho" Bench Iniade an order for the money to bo said ui -eUted by Mr Bailey, or, in default, one month's imprisonment. The Mayor and Messrs Davey and Pardey, Js.P., were on the Bench. One man was charged at the Police Court yesterday morning with having been drunk and disorderly. He was arrested on Sunday morning, abont half-past 2, in Yarra-strect, near the wharf, by Constable Molloy. He was fined 5s, or the usual alternative. The fine was paid, and the man thanked the constable for having locked him up, as lie was not fit to take care of himself. A lad named Gilbert Ross, aged 15 years, residing at Lethbridge, was taken to the hospital yesterday, suffering from a wound on the forehead, caused by the handle of a windlass striking him as it revolved. The cricket season of the Corio Club will ba opened next Saturday after noon, when it is expected the Cast Mel bourne Club will pay a visit to Gcclong, and play the wielders of the willow of the Corio. It is hoped that the local cricketers will make an effort to again bring the club into a prominent position, and we understand that there are several new members who have achieved some renown in past seasons at other places for their batting and bowling skill. There is a strong desire to make the Corio Club what it ought to be, with such a splendid wicket-one of the loading clubs of the western district-and it is intended to have practice matches on the ground every afternoon, commencing to-day. The weather yesterday was of a wintry description. There were soveral smart showers of rain in the morning, and daring the day dust, driven along the streets by a strong westerly breeze, appeared to reign supreme. Towards evening the air became quite keen, and from five o'clock until after midnight freqnent light showers of rain fell. Yesterday, at noon, there was a revision court held at the Market buildings, for the purpose of revising tho bnrges3 roll for the Bellerine Ward of the Town Council. Aid. Couves presided, and the assessors, Messrs G. H. Stecdman and P. O'Toole, were present. The only application was that of Mr W. H. Carpenter, to have his name placed on the roll, which was granted, and tho lists wete then signed as being correct. The anniversary of the Yarra-street Wcs leyan Chnrch was further celebrated last evening by a lecture, entitled " The Franco German War, or France, Rome, and Prussia," being delivered in the church by the Rev. Henry Bath. There were about 300 persons present, and Mr H. T. Howard occupied the chair. The rev. lecturer dealt with his subject in an able manner, giving in detail the causes (and their origin) of the great war. He was listened to attentively by tho large audience present, and at the conclu sion of his discourse received a hearty vote of thanks. A similar compliment was paid to the chairman, and the proceedings ter minated by the pronouncing of the Benedic tion. Our Bellarino correspondent writes : Slight showers fell this morning (Mouday)> but the weather soon cleared. Matters will look serious unless heavy rain comes soon, although we are by no means iu the bad plight reported elsewhere. A trophy presented by Mr W. Veitch for the best all-round player in the North Gee long Football Club has been won by J. Baker, who scored 65 points ; J. M'Shane being second, with 5S points. The scenery and all the stage appliances at the Mechanics' Institute are now under going a thorough overhaul at the bauds of Mr Grist, the scenic artiet of the Bijou theatre, in Melbourne. Mr Grist has achieved some distinction in his profession, and the stago properties at the Institute will, it is expected, be placed in a presentable ap pearance for the Christinas holidays. The bazaar in aid of St. Paul's Sunday school was continued last evening, aiul, despite the unfavorable weather, nearly £9 was received for admission at the door of the Exhibition building. Eeally excellent pianoforte recitals were given by Mr St. John Caws, very favorably known in Geelong and Melbourne as a musician and composer. Wicniwski's sparkling Danse Polonaise was played with much spirit and exactness, and two compositions by Mr St. Caws-" Xi^ht March" and " Galop do concert," a birthday galop-were thoroughly appreciated. The chief attraction of the evening was the first appearance here of Mr B. T. Moroney, a celebratedbasso vocalist, from the metropolis, &nd; hiB abilities were not in any way ex aggerated. His rendition of " Rooked in the cradle of the deep" was an admirable test of the vocalist's powers, the lower F flat being sounded with remarkable clear ness, and in response to an enthusiastic encoro the " Old Sexton" was given. A third song was sunt;,'' Whensorrowsleepetb," and Mr Moroney was the recipiont of well merited applause, although the shuffling of feet by promeuaders greatly interfered with the effect. Miss Fry's contralto voico was heard to great advantage in " Never Again" and the " Lady of the Lea," the first-named being particularly deserving of cominenda. tion. Mr W. D. Goodall acted as conductor, and accompanist to the vocalists. The ever popular duet, " Goldfinch Quadrilles," was excellently played by the Misses Bertie Pleace and Nellie Brogau. We may state that the birthday galop composed by Mr St. J. Caws is dedicated to Mr Alex. Davidson, the architect, and is an exceed ingly lively picce of music. This evening Mr Moroney will again favor tho visitors to the bazaar, and, iu addition to the solos, there will bo chorus singing and musical selections by the band. The Committee of the Ballarat Agricultu ral and Pastoral Socicty are making strenuous efforts to render the forthcoming Grand National Show an immense success. In the notorious law suit at Sydney, Shep herd v Bibbs, an application by the defendant for leave to appeal to the PrivyiCouncil was refused, with costs. The go-as-you-please tournament between Harris and Heerfoot, at Adelaide, was con cluded in favor of the former, Deerfoot re tiring, after covering 50 miles, through bad feet. Harris did 102 miles in 22J hours. A telegram was received on Saturday to the effect that the Orient steamer John Elder, which left Plymouth on the 3rd September, had reached Cape Town in due course, an'd left on the 2Gtli. A Co-operative Ice and Refrigerating Asso ciation has been established in Melbourne under influential directors, and will shortly be in a position to receive all perishable articles for storage. A warrant has been issued for tho arrest of Patrick! James Kennedy, a commercial traveller, in the employment of Messrs R. Harper and Co., merchants, Flinders lane, on a charge of embezzling between .£200 and £300. A plain-clothes constable at Ballarat is doiog good service in enforcing the " move on" bye-law. It is clearing the streets at nightfall of the roughs and Jarrikins who stand at street corners and spit out obsccno language, to the annoyance of respectable people. _The Melbourne correspondent of tho Ha miltonSpectator states Sir John O'Shauasy's 11 decline and fall " as a leader havo evi dently set in, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen being personally popular, and Sir John the reverse, amongst their co-religionists. » A man named Pilliuger lias been found dead at Logan, six miles from Brisbane. He had several wounds in the bead. A young man named Michael John Mimis has been arrested on suspicion of having committed the murder. No cause is assigned for the act. At the Williamstown court on Saturday a youth named Williams, charged with as saulting his mother, was seutenced to six months' imprisonment. The woman was lying on a bed under tho influence of liquor, and the lad tied her hands behind her back and attempted to take money from her, and afterwards assaulted her. A collision occurred on tho Randwick tramway on Sunday afternoon, when a boy named Arthur Kidney had both his thighs broken and Robert Bowden sustained severe contusions. Other passengers s'ustaincd a severe shock. The accident occurred through the 'negligence of the driver in en* dearoring to make op for lost tipie. A very sudden death occurrcd on Friday morning on tho farm of Mr William Scar lett, Mirboo. A German, named Andrew Schwartz, while out with two others cutting scrub, was heard to "coo-ce," aud hi9 mates, on proceeding to tlio spot, fouud him dead. Deceased appeared to be a strong healthy man. A strange attempt on the part of a boy, thirteen years of age, named Riley, to hang himself, was made on Saturday at Hotliam. Tho lad was boarded out from the Industrial School by Mrs Day. On Sa turday she punished him for playing truant by locking him in his room. Whilst there he took a piece of striug, aud made a de termined but unsuccessful attempt to strangle himself. The young would-be sui cide was taken to the local watch-house, where, after expressing his contrition for his conduct, and receiving a severe lecture from Sergeant Ellis, he was allowed to depart, on a promise to behave better in future. A Chinaman named Ah Goon was brought beforo the Ballarat City Police Court on Friday, on a charge of stealing gold to the value of Is 6d from the puddling machine of tho Isorth Hurdsfield claim. John was seen going to tho puddling machiue, and was found washing somo dirt at it. With a sagacity that would not have disgraced a member of the legal profession, John, however, raised the point that the dirt was not identifiable, and said he had brought it himself to tho machine to try it. The bench thought it over a good while, and finally sent John away a free man. The non-identifiable gatno (tho Courier thinks) will bo played pretty often after Friday's win. Two yonng gallants, at a mining township distant seven miles from Talbot, invited two members of the opposite sex (says tho Mary borough Standard) to go for a drive. They consented, and everything was as merry as a marriage bell until the party was returning home. Tho swains visited a hotel, and found the attractions there for the time being superior to those of their fair compa nions. Be that as it may, the latter grew weary of waiting, and set off for home, not drawing rein until the livery-stable keeper's was reached. The gallants, in course of time, tired of the seductiveuess of the bar, but were thunderstruck when they could not dis cover their lady friends. Euquiries elicited that the latter had started in the direction of home, and after them they hied on foot, expectiug that they would soon come up with the runaways, and that it was a joke. They discovered, to their cost, that it was a joke of a very practical character, as neither were prepared for a long walk wearing new and tight boots. They arrived homo at length, sadder young men, aud will probabl}% next time they take young ladies for a drive, pay proper respect to them. The current number of tho Illustrated JVch*3 contains a charming front page engraving, entitled " Wattle Blos soms," aud a number of other woodcuts of interest. This evening a tea meeting will be held | in the new Sunday school hall) iu connection I with St. George's Church, in celebration of the opening of the hall. The .North Geclong Football Club will hold a special meeting at the Eureka Hotel this evening. A meeting will be held in tho Winchelsea Shire hall this evening, »'to establish a racing and athletic sports club. The monthly meeting of the Geelong West Football Club will be held at the Petrel I Hotel this evening. A general meeting of the Factories Cricket Club will be held this evening at the Barwon Bridge Hotel. The drawing of tickets in the Sandhurst Masonic Art Union will take place on the 21st inst. Tho last day for the sale of tickets is the ISth inst. Tenders are invited by the Piailway De partment for the manufacture and supply of wagons and carriages, and general stores. 