THE LATEST TORY MOVE 1 It does not say much for the morale of political life in England that one of the great historical parties into which the country is divided should be found capable of stooping to so unworthy an expedient, in order to catch a few votes here -and there, as that of attempting to raise the ghost of protection. We do not suppose that any intelligent Tory seriously believes in the possibility of resuscitating that dead and buried im posture. But there is a good deal of discontent among the farmers of Great Britain, as also a feeling of irrita tion in some of the manufacturing districts, occasioned by the hostile tariffs of foreign countries, and by the apparent disinclination of Prance to renew the commercial treaty of 18G1; and the Tories are endeavouring to turn both these circumstances to account, by offer ing to secure " fair play" for British industry. " Retaliation" and " recipro " city " are the catch-words which are just now mostinvogueamongthereactionaries; but they carefully refrain from descend ing to particulars, and it is a very suspicious fact that it is one of the representatives of the great landed interest, the Marquis of Salisbury, and the quarterly organ of the territorial aristocracy, that constitute the head and front of this retrograde movement. Thirty-two years ago the late Richard Cobden uttered the following words " Because the landlords feel a little un. " easy they get up and say the whole com " munity is suffering from extreme dis " tress." And precisely the same tactics are being repeated to-day. The landlords clearly perceivethatrentsmust comedown, and that free trade must be established in the soil of the country, and therefore they raise the old cry of "the com munity is suffering," and endeavour to divert the attention of their tenants from agrarian reform to protection. But the present generation of agriculturists is much more enlightened than its prede cessors ; and, as we learn by a telegram received a day or two ago, the Farmers' Alliance, which has been organised to pro cure the extension to England and Scotland of the principles of the Irish Land Act, has adopted a resolution condemnatory of the movement in favour of protection. The corn laws, it may be assumed, there fore, are as dead as a door-nail; and a tax on food will never again be imposed in Great Britain. Now, this is the only re taliatory duty which could be levied against the United States ; for it is diffi cult to imagine any sane man proposing to make raw cotton a dutiable article at the British custom-house ; and as against the imports from any other country, what fiscal reprisals could be made, which would not be far more injurious to English commerce than to that of the nations from which she buys, and to which she sells so much ? For, in precise pro portion to the extent to which she might close the door against imports, would she also obstruct the egress of exports. The volume of trade would be contracted, and it would be less profitable than hereto fore, because every duty on raw ma terials—and these constitute the bulk of English imports—would increase the cost of production, and diminish her ability to compete with the manufac turers of other countries. At present, it is her great industries which-aie protected by their high tariffs, because these en hance the cost of production to them in a much higher degree than the article pro tected is raised in price by the customs duties; and at this very moment the iron and steel founders of the United States are blowing out their furnaces, be cause they are being undersold in their own market by the cheaper rails and metal work of Great Britain, although these are taxed, on the average, upwards of 40 per cent, ad valorem. In order to justify their reactionary propositions, the Tory advocates of protec tion confidently declare that the trade of Great Britain is falling off. The state ment is a sheer invention, without a particle of fact fpr its foundation. The exports of British produce last year were greatly in excess of those of 1876, 1677, 1878, and 1879, not merely as regards their value, but also in proportion to the population. In fact, there were only five years during the last twenty in which the figures have been exceeded. The follow ing decennial returns show the steadiness of the increase:— — British Produce. Total Value. Proportion per ' Head of Population. 1860 1870 1880 £185,891,227 £196,886,822 £228,960,446 £4 14 7 £6 7 11 £6 9 5 If British commerce declines in this ratio, its best friends must wish that the deoline may long oontinue. The imports have increased to a corresponding extent, as will be seen by the subjoined figures:— — Total Value. Proportion per Head. 1860 1870 1880 £210,530,873 303,257,493 411,229,565 £7 7 0 9 14 4 11 17 9 evil days of protection, the exports of British produce were only at the rate of £118s. 9d. per head of the population of the United Kingdom, and the imports £2 7s. 6§d. percapite. Thus the latter have more than quadrupled, and the former have more than trebled, within little more than the life-time of a single genera tion. There could not be a more impres sive attestation of the advantages of free trade than is afforded by indisputable figures like these. At the same time, the tonnage of British shipping has more than doubled during the same period, and the gross annual value of the pro perty and profits assessed to income tax has risen from £230,000,000 in 1850 to £580,000,000 in 1880. England's only cause of apprehension is—paradoxical as the statement may appear—the possible adoption of a free trade policy by the United States. " If " any people beat us in the beBt work," observes a writer in the Westminster Review, " it will be the Americans, and " America is the land of high wages. It " is not low wages but greater dexterity " and superiority of workmanship that " we have to fear. .... No " greater mistake can be made than " to imagine that the low-wage and " long-hour workman is necessarily the " cheapest." At present, according to the testimony of the chief inspector of factories in Great Britain, the English workman is pre-eminent over all his competitors; and in order to perpetuate that pre-eminence he must maintain that freedom of trade which secures him an abundant supply of the necessaries of life, and avail himself of those oppor tunities for education which the state places at the disposal of his children, in order that their manual labour may be pursued more skilfully and profitably, by subjecting it to the direction and control of an intelligent and cultivated mind. 