THE STATE TRIALS. SCENES Iff COUBT. THB F0TJBTH DAT. Thb following is token from the Freeman of Saturday, let January:— Yesterday having been the last day of the old year, the worst enemy of the Attorney- General cannot say that his opening speech occupied two year* 'in delivery, for, at the witching hour of.noon yesterday, the learned gentleman perorated and sat down. His own endurance was visibly coming to an end, as well as the endurance of his listeners. His voice was feebler and huskier, and there was none of the fine frenzy to which he rose upon the second day, when thundering against murder and fraud. Gossip had it that a hint from Mr. Biggar had something to do with abbreviating the proceedings. The hon. member for Cavan, it appears, who sat iri front of Mr. Law, benignantly smiling, dropped a friendly suggestion that an hour of reckoning might come, when the bill for this trial turned up on the estimates. But, of eourse, such things have no influence upon eelestibus animis. At all events, the Attorney-General, having marshalled together the heads of his arraignment, and having once more trotted forth " the marked man with the black cloud over him," glided into a peaceful, solemn, dull, and doctrinairish peroration. All classes are agreed, he said, that security for the tenant is wanting, - and that a peasant proprietary, honestly brought about, would be a proper thing; only the traversers are going a mischievous, visionary, and impracticable way about it. He did not, however, altogether despair of them. Looking hard the while at Mr. Parnell, who eat directly facing him, as moveless and inscrutable as a statue, he hinted, not obscurely, a hope that, when order and prosperity has returned to this distracted land, his great abilities might yet be used in the service of his country in ways which her Majesty's Attorney-General could approve. Kindly said ; but, as a mere question of dialectics, isn't there some screw loose in an argument which one day exhibits a man as a veiled inciter to assassination and dishonesty, and the next prophesies for him a useful career in the service of his country, after the few years in jail which Mr. Law proposes by way of apprenticeship? There was no applause in court when the Attorney-General sat down, which was surprising, for it was certainly the most exhilarating moment of the trial, Then a witness-chair was hoisted on to the table, and after the witness-chair a witness, a rather florid-faced,comfortable-looking, burly, middle-aged English gentleman, Mills by name. Mr. Mills is one of Gurney's corps of shorthand writers, and appears to be one of the principal experts imported from England to attend the land meetings, as official reporter, when the Irish shorthand writers® had repudiated the office. He apparently followed Mr. Parnell throughout the entire campaign during the recess, from the opening meeting at Ennis to the great demonstration at Waterford. He came upon the table armed with a black bag full of shorthand notes, and an armful of the written transcripts of the same, and gave his evidence with the perfect coolness, dullness, and regularity of an automaton. Talk about the Attorney- General being occasionally wearisome, his dullest passage was cakes and ale with what was coming. Peopl? actually began to look back regretfully upon the fieshpots of Egypt —the Attorney-General's flashes of fire and energy, the old familiar catch-phrases, his fiery declamation of the Land League anthem—whed they found themselves handed over for the'rest of the day to Mr. Mills and the Solioitor-GeneraL The Solicitor-General is a terribly serious man, who loves not idle jests, and he had witness with no more imagination than a dictionary; and what both of them had to do was to begin at the beginning of each of the traversers' speeches at every meeting, and read them rightthrough, and then submit to a cross-examination in referenoe to 'fivery separate report and speeoh. Mr. lulls .plodded through lus task manfully, but in a dry, hard, metallic English accent, never pausing to discriminate the grave from the gay, the jokes from denunciations, in his monotonous chant, and delivering the most impassioned passages with thesame businesslike impartiality as if they were so many baloB of dry goods. To make mattors worse, he spoke low, and was seated with his back turned to the press gallery, with the result that neither the reporters behind, him, nor, we are afraid, the jurors before him, were very much the wiser of whpt he. was saying. If other witnesses speak as indistinctly, or if their position be not altered, , the complaints uttered a few days ago, and which the Attorney-General for his part so promptly redressed, will recur with more force thau ever. Four hours' talk at a land meeting, with banner and band and stirring sights around, is sometimes as much as a patriot can stand at a time; but what is to be said of foi^r months' talk crammed together and delivered in a close criminal court in the atyle.in which schoolboys read their second lesson books ? Thereby hangs a tale. Mr. Peter O'Brien, Q.G., who is counsel for Mr. T. P. Sullivan, M.P,, in cross-examining Mr. Mills about a meeting held in Parsonstown, at which Mr. Sullivan spoke, .preferred to read, out his client's speech himself rather than let the witness read it to frinr. Mr. O'Brien: has a rich, clear, racy voice, and made every sentence of the'speech tell with su5h effect, after the dreary litanies of the witness, that the Solicitor- General interposed tosuggeatthat the witness ought to be allowed to Mad the speech himself. Of course he got nothing but a laugh for his pauaS, and Mr. O'Brien proceeded to Aakei thecottrt ririg like a Land League meeting, with a capital litflespeeoh of Mr. Sullivan's, proposinga vote of thanks to the parish prieBt, but inviting Protestant and Catholic alike to their ranks. But what particularly tickled the audienoe was Mr. Sullivan's appeal to the shopkeepers of the towns to prevent the extermination of the people, reminding them that " bullocks don't wear breeches." A very palpable hit for the traversers was the ruling that the Bishop of Ossory's letter to the.Kilkenny meeting, suggesting; that, in some oases, landlords owe restitution to the tenants, instead of the tenants owing them rent, might be admitted as evidence. The attempt to bring in evidence a speeoh of Mr. W. H. 0 Sullivan's, showing that " Voices—Shoot them" haunted Mr. Gibson's great Orange meeting in the Ulster Hall, as well as Mr. Parnell's in the South and West, was not equally successful, notwithstanding Mr. Maodonogh's tremendous announcement that it was against law to refuse to admit every word spoken from beginning to end of the agitation! It was some suoh prospeot as this, of having to listen to some thirty odd thousand speeches on the land question, that drove Mr. Justice Fitzgerald to hint that, if this sort of thing was to go on, it was about time he should begin to look out for a substitute to go circuit during the March aBsizes ! Mr. Parnell followed the witness's report of his speeches by reference to a reprint of the Freeman reports which was briefed to the traversers' counsel. Mr. Mills's accuracy was not, however, questioned in any important particular. Mr. Macdonogh wooed him, on cross-examination, with his sweetest smile, but he really had nothing to say outside his notebooks, except that he was courteously treated, and did not require police protection at the meetings. The oourt, having industriously sat until half-past five o'clock, adjourned, with universal assent, over New Year's Day, to Monday, a holiday which gives judges, counsel, traversers, newspaper readers, and newspaper- writers some prospect of a happy New Year. THE FIFTH DAY. The following is taken from the Freeman of Tuesday :— Interest in the proceedings in the Court of Queen's Bench, or rather in the present stage of them, was at low water- mark yesterday. The only entertainment to be had in the court was to listen to shorthand writers pumping out stale speeches all day long. The public patronage was proportionately limited. Wlien the judges sat, two entire hemicycles of the barristers' benches were absolutely empty. A roving sub- inspector of constabulary was the first to appear in them, looking as lonely as a pelican. The public gallery also yawned perceptibly, and even the traversers' seats had gaps in them. Mr. Macdonogh himself, marvellous to tell, was not in hjs place at . the head of his forces. He rose on the horizoli few minutes afterwards, however, with a Happy New Year expression of countenance—an expression which was not, indeed, shared by many in court. The gruesome weather of the last few days had made its victims; there was a very respectable chorus of bronchial coughs, one of the jurors appeared in a heavy white muffler, another was sneezing industriously, and Mr. Parnell himself had to yield to an attack of cold to the extent of wearing a dark-purple turban in court during the day. Mr. Charles Russell, Q.C., M.P., stood behind the judges on the bench for a couplc of hours, and went away evidently quite satiated. Mr. Ion Trant Hamilton, M.P;, and his wife, and a nuinber of other ladies, also looked in, and, ill the course of an hour's stay, listened to Land League speeches enough to raise the roof off the Constitutional Club with horror. Another conspicuous figure upon the Crown side was the Chief of the Constabulary Detective Department (Mr. French), who took up a position of observation facing the traversers. Talking of the police, what IB the meaning of posting four huge policemen in the front of the public gallery, with their backs towards the. judges, and their eyes turned like mitrailleuses upon the unoffending persons in the gallery ? Is it that there is any reason to suppose that the clergymen and unwarlike young ladies that there do congregate may bring an infernal machine in their pockets along with their luncheon? Architecturally speaking, there is nothing to be objected to in the back elevation of these tremendous Metropolitans, as exhibited daily to the wonder and delight of the judges ; but the attitude cannot be very comfortable either to the men or to the unbloodtliirsty people whom it appears to be their business to keep an eye upon. The vexed question throughout yesterday was, how much of the proceedings of the land meetings are to be brought in evidence beside the passages indicated by the Crown. On Tuesday, it will be remembered, Mr. Macdonogh protested it would be illegal to exclude a single syllable of all the ocean of speech that has flowed over Ireland these eighteen months! past. At the sitting of the court yesterday, Mr. Justice Fitzgerald, to all appearance, confessed that Mr. Macdonogh was not far wrong. At least, the modified ruling of "the court was in favour of admitting the speeches of others besides the traversers, so far as'tWy qualified anything said by the traversers, or illustrated the character of a meeting; and as counsel for the traversers must necessarily be the judges whether any particular speech is likely to have that effect the ruling practically leaves it within their discretion to ransack the whole reports, even to the votes of thanks to the chairmen. At the same time, it is left open to the Orown oounsel to quote the speeches of third parties in support of their view of the in- ? criminated speeches. Such 4 discretion should it turn to indiscretion, would simS. open up a vista of months; ofWeary chatter and, in the interests of both parties for th! purpose of saving both public and print! expense, Judge Fitzgerald made an appeal £ the humanity of thp learned gentlemen not to misuse their power. So the matter rested for the moment, but in a little time a sceed! from Mr. Sexton, M.P., at Oulart, under disousBion, and Mr. Nolan (Mr Sexton's oounsel) not being satisfied that the passages relied on by the Crown gave a fait representation of his clients sentiment*, insisted upon having the speeoh read from beginning to end. Now, indubitably Mr Sexton's speech was long. It covered some twelve folio pages of print, ^and discussed a great variety of topics; and both the conrt and Crown oounsel began to fidget. Mr, Nolan, however, considered it his duty not to take the hint, and calmly invited the witness to begin a reoitation of the speech to the men of Oulart, which occupied him rather more than half-an-hour. Judge Fitzgerald remonstrated, a little tartly, to no effect; he hinted that a great deal of what was being shovelled out to the jury was mere " rigmarole" ; and when this had no effect, informed Mr. Macdonogh that, if this were persisted in, the' court would only have to sit from ten till six. Mr. Macdonogh, for his part, appeared to have just as strong an objection as his lordship to au all-night sitting or an all-day sitting, and was chafing somewhat impatiently himself. He did something very like repudiating Mr. Nolan's action, and, as to what the jury were listening to, did not characterise it as " stuff" in such a manner as to indicate that he meant it. Mr. Nolan made no response, but quietly directed the witness to proceed with the reading of the speech to its close. When this eventful operation was concluded, it was time for luncheon, and in dismissing the jury for half an hour, Judge Fitzgerald significantly warned them to make the best use they could of that time, for the court meant to sit until six o'clock. The jurors, having duly consoled themselves in the coffee -room during the allotted space, returned resigned to their fate. Mr. Macdonogh, however, had an announcement to make whioh oleared the air. He had consulted with his colleagues, who had a thorough appreciation of the value of the time of the court and of the public. He declared, also, on behalf of the traversers that they had the fullest confidence in this tribunal. Now, what he was empowered to offer was this— that counsel for the traversers, in order to save time, would not insist upon the reading of the full speeches of the traversers, nor, unless, for some special reason, travel into the speeches of others, if the Crown would supply them with full copies of the speeches in reference to which the witness was being examined, in order that they might be able to judge whether the passages marked out by the Crown reflected fairly the meaning of the speakers. Heretofore the Crown only supplied the traversers with the full transcript of the shorthand writer's notes upon the mornipg following the examination, and the absurdity of furnishing the. evidence of a witness who had been cross-examined the previous day was fairly dwelt upon. The Attorney - General resisted any concession upon the subject, and (translating the language of the law) told the traversers' oounsel to fire away, and read all the speeches they -wantedbut Judge Fitzgerald thought Mr. Macdonogh's application a fair one. He could,only "suggest" that what Mr. Macdonogh wanted should b« given; but his lordship's " suggestion" was meekly accepted by the' learned Attorney. So the transcripts were amicably shoved across to the traversers' counsel, there was ft general baiser de Vamourette, and all went dully as a funeral bell for the rest of the day. Two more of Gurney's corps of shorthand writers were under examination during the day. They had nothing to do but to practise elocution by reading their reports the livelong day; and gentlemen of the hieroglyphic, art do not usually shine in that line. One of them, an elderly gentleman named Harry, delivered the most revolutionary sentiment* in the tone of a sleek drawing-room cleric reading out a thanksgiving at a May meeting. Not one satisfactory laugh occurred during the day. Once, while the speeches at the Biversville meeting were in course of recitation there was some promise of better things in this respect, for the meeting was called to denounce " Murty HyneB," and MurtyHynes has been raised to immortality by Mr. T. D. Sullivan in a certain famous lay, in which the poet relates how that excellent person surrendered a farm at the instance of "the noble Land League," who— " Sent a man to Murty To reason out the case and, in consideration of Murty's appreciation of logic, calls for " Three cheers for the Land League, and nine for Murty Hynes." But what cared Mr. Harry for humour or poetry t Murty Hynes'' a yellow primrose was to hfin, and nothing more;" and he passed on to the Oulart meeting or the' Carriok-on-Shannon meeting as unemotionally as he might from "sixthly" to "seventhly" in a dull sermon. The grotesque thing about the whole procedure was that here, in the Court of Queen's Bench, a aeries of Land League meetings, as it were, shonld be held withher Majesty's judges in the chair, and specimen after'specimen of the oratory that inflamed the oountry received with' perfect gravity, in the very penetralia of British power. Bat the speeches in Mr. Harry's mouth were rather the ghosts of apeecheB dead and gone > the war-drum throbbed no longer, the banners were gone, and the " prolong^ cheering" that sounded over the Connaught hills had not life enough to wake up an old gebtleman who was jmoring. in the gallery. The Sixth "Dat. The following is token from the Freeman 0f Wednesday:— ^ " Drip-drip all through yesterday went the reading of those dreary shorthand notes. And the witnesses theniselyefe fire as uninteresting ais then: ba^i of notes'. Verily it geems'an eternity, though it was really/only last year,' since the Attorney-General mjse. for the prosecution. .Sy-and-bye when ,tW,crisis conies—when the combatants are, really in the blush of the battle—the excitement will flame up to white heat we may be sure ; but for the present there is no more symptom of the volcano that may be slumbering at the Four Courts than there was , in Pompeii the day before its 4 death—absit omen! Never was such an engine for the calming of popular excitement—such a soothing syrup and sleeping draught for a fractious populace—as a cartload of shorthand notes, administered in a good drawl, in doses a column long. Mr. Pavnell did not come into his place until after the adjournment, when he came down with Mr. T. P. O'Connor, M.P., and continued to wear his turban in court. But for the relief of the many millions to whom the health of Mr. Parnell at this juncture is of paramount importance, we can say that his slight cold has almost disappeared, and that the inaction and inanity of those weary days in the Queen's Bench appears to be his principal ailment. Only five of the traversers had mustered at the sitting of the court. Mr. Nally only appears at erratic intervals, and Mr. Gordon, of Claremorris, having a broken leg or being otherwise indisposed, has not appeared at all. The cifaccimento of their own speeches, delivered with much the same effect as the " Marseillaise" sung to the tune of a Sundayschool hymn, appears to have no charm for them; and that, substantially speaking, these are their speeches it seems to be no part whatever of the defence to deny. The Government employed two classes of notetakers to attend the land meetings—a detachment of Grurney's shorthand-writers, and policemen. The evidence of the professional shorthand-writers was completed early yesterday, and one Sub-constable Thomas O'Rourke, who attended various meetings in the South and West in plain clothes, came on the table. He has, it appears, employed his leisure for eight years in studying Pitman's handbooks of phonography, and although he does not profess to be able to follow a fast speaker withoutsometimes tripping up and dropping an odd sentence or two, his progress in the art is such as should encourage all sub-constables who feel the stirrings of ambition within them to take to the mystic pothooks instead of to the concertina in their learned leisure. The sad wag, indeed, played upon a prominent Waterford Land Leaguer the joke of palming himself off upon one occasion as representative of that gentleman's newspaper, and entertained heterodox opinions concerning the expression en masse, whioh he would insist on pronouncing N. Massey, and identifying as a gentleman of Latin extraction—in point of fact, like an illustrious fellow-countryman of his, he "wrote like an angel and talked like poor Poll;" but isn't it unreasonable to expect that one merely human being should be master of the code, the grammalogues, and the modern languages without even enjoying a stripe for it ? Sub-constable O'Rourke was succeeded by sub-constable Jeremiah Stringer, in full uniform. Mr. Stringer, who appears to be an inoffensive, retrousse-noaed young man, haa somehow come to be regarded as the bogey and type of the Government reporter, and has attained a popularity of his own as a sort of Lundy or Guy Fawkes. He experienced most of the rough treatment with which his office used to be rewarded before Mr. Parnell stretched forth bis hand for the protection of his tribe. Time, however, has vindicated Mr. Stringer, as it has vindicated Socrates, and Belisarius, and other ill-used men. He gave his evidenoe fairly and clearly, apparently exhibited a good shorthand note, read out what he had to read as clearly as a bell, denied that he ever used a newspaper for any purpose, much less for the purpose of doctoring his notes, and, in fact, rose 99 degrees centigrade in the estimation of those who will not think the; worse Jof a man for performing an ugly; duty because he is a policeman. But Mr. Stringer, too, has a white man's regard for his skin. He, too, in a moment of weak- ness, passed himself off as a representative of the press, and—of all newspapers in the island—of Mr. Peter Gill's historic Advocate, but that was in thfe backroom of the Shrule Hotel, down in Mayo, when a " pugnaciouslooking waiter" hod locked him in there with threatening language, and when every moment he was expecting Mr. Davitt and Mr. Nally to hftnd him over to the multitude to be torn liinB from limb. He smiled a sickly sort of smile when Mr. A. M. Sullivan reminded him that it was his duty to die for! his Queen; dying on the streets of Shrule in g>und pieces is not so nominated in the code, ut, he added warmly, "I didn't know Mr. Davitt then as I know h"" novf, or I would know that he would be incapable of doing anything dishonourable;" and as for Mr. Sally, as soon as'the witiieBB>' true character was repealed, therewM Jiompre stalwart ally m getting him fair play! on the platforms and, removing coimtiymeriofl: Ins* back 'than itr.i Nally. One curious bit of history vcaa elicited, hy Mr. A. tM f Sullivan in the couree of (arose-: examination.." Mr. Stringer, it appears, has; been employed .for,the ,past live years in supplying reports to the Government of the speeches-of, Irish members, of Pallia-; ®ent. Whom and why? Evidently Mr.: %gar, like Captain Cuttle, " when found, took a note off " this singular little item of took-a note of" thMr. Stringer's salary as confidential shorthand writer comes up in the estimates "may we be.there to see!" But all the inquiry BS' to ihow many words per minutoSub-eonstable O'Rourke can, put down, or to what extent .Sub-constable StrmgerreodstJa.ePwwan, WMbpttlUby-play of good swordsman-Tan effort of the imagination to keep. the. audience awake;. the tag of waris not yet. Probably another day or two will exhaust the Crown proofs with respect to the country meetings. No' evidence has been offered yet touching the Dublin meetings of the executive of the League, to which the Government shorthand writers were not admitted, and considerable curiosity is felt as to the line of proof that will be taken. The following passages are taken from the Freeman report of the cross-examination of Sub-constable O'Rourke:— Cross-examined by Mr. M'Laughlin, Q.C. —Are you a regular reporter—do you write shorthand ? Tes. Can you write much of it? Well, I can write a fair share of it. What system do you write ? Pitman's. You never were a reporter for any newspaper P No, sir. I suppose you belong to the Belfast' Constabulary ? No. To what then ? The Waterford. Did you ever say that you were a reporter for the Waterford Mail ? I said it to one. Was it true ? No. What did you tell a lie for ? I was not going to tell the person who asked me what I was. Where was this ? In Ballina. You were not a reporter of the Waterford Mail ? I did not say the Waterford Mail, but it was the same proprietor. I said the Minister Express. That was equally a thumper. The witness handed a manuscript to counsel. Where is the original one that you made from the notes ?—that is, a fair transcript. That's the original. Do you swear it is, and that there was nothing else ? You are the most marvellous reporter I ever heard of if you made that from your notes. Get us the original transcript—that is, the fair copy. I have no copy from that. That is not what I am asking you. Did you upon your oath, tell the truth when you swore that that was the copy you made from your notes, without any intervening copy ? That's the copy I got. You got? Yes, after the transcript was made—the transcript that I gave. Let us Bee the original transcript, with its beauties and interpolations and changes. Let us see the original of your transcript— that is, the fair copy. Now, did not you try to lead the jury to believe that that is the copy you wrote from your notes, and do not you know it is not ? I wrote that from the notes. Is that your writing ? Yes, it is my writing. You wrote that from the notes directly ? Yes, I wrote that copy from the notes. Without any intervention ? What did you mean by saying that you gave it to them and that they gave it back ? I gave it to them and they gave it back. Was there no other draft from the notes before you wrote that fair copy ? Why there's not a blot on it—there's not a reporter in the court that could do it. I wrote one before, but this is written from the notes. Where's the one you wrote before? I have not it here. Now, didn't you touch that up ? The reply was inaudible. I suppose the speaker now and then walked away from you ? Upon your .oath, could you report more than the half of what on average speaker conld say, because I mean to try you presently ? I could. Are you sure you could report threefourths ? Yes. The whole ? No. No, I thought not. So, in point of faot, you come here with as much of it as you could gather ? Yes. See now, between ourselves, you were employed to take a verbatim note, but yon would require a man to speak slowly r I couldn't take a verbatim note. You couldn't do it ? No. Verbatim means word for word F Yes. Mr. M'Laughlin—Well, I think you may inarch. Cross examined by Mr. Adams—Read the sentence beginning " In my father's time." Witness reads—" In my father's time (for I don't remember it myself) he had to pay one-tenth of his property in the way of tithes. If you had ten sheep you should give one of them away. But the people rose en masse, and they starved out the Church." (Witness pronounced en masse "enn massey," which caused great laughter.) . Did you take "enn massey" in shorthand? I could take it as well in shorthand as in longhand. I'think I took'it in longhand. "What language is it in P Is it Irish? No. What language is it in? I think it is in Latin (laughter). Is this the war he said—Bnt the people xoie en masse &hd; left the inass P (Laughter.) No answer; . . " "What is the;meaning of "enn massey' ? "In a body. 4 _ • ; Is "ennmasBey" whathe said? Yes. Whejjs is the .longhand in which you took the words? I don't say it is in longhand.; It may W in shorthand. (Looks at his notes) .j It is in shorthand., , . What aie the shorthand characters that Represent the words ? N, M and 0, and then I vooalised it. Did you ever hear of a shorthand writer before who took down foreign words like these in shorthand ? I don't know any. Where did you get "enn massey"? He .said it that way, and I vocalised it myself. . Mr. A. M. Sullivan—What colour is that dress you wear? It iB black, I suppose Macdonogh got up and looked at the witness s dress in a manner which caused renewed laughter. Mr. Sullivan—When dicl the Royal Irish take to wearing black ? .• I always called the dress black. Did you ever hear of a man being colour blind, it is nearly a word like en massey ? No. Now, sir, you were not able to take every sentence, and you dropped some: you told us that? Yes. Did you hear Gurney's reporter indicate that whenever they dropped a sentence they invariably put a blank in their notes ? (The witness muttered something inaudible.) Now, will you tell me, Mr. O'Rourke, when did you make the first transcript of the report ? As soon as I could after the meeting. I know, sir, but that is a very elastic phrase, like the size of a piece of chalk. Was it next day or next week ? It was sometimes four weeks after. Did you send it to Dublin Castle ? Yes. Did you tell them honestly there were sentences you could not take ? I did not. Why? Because I did my best. I gave them a report as well as I could of the meeting. Why did you not tell them there were sentences you could not take ? They did not expect I could take all. How did you know that the Government did not expect you to do it thoroughly ? Because I told them beforehand I could not take all. Then they sent you to those meetings knowing you could not do the report thoroughly ? I believe so. THE SEVENTH DAY. The following is from Wednesday's Evening Telegraph:— " Notwithstanding some anticipation to the contrary, all the traversers who are M.P.'s were not present, on their journey to London, when the hearing of the State trials was resumed this morning, two at least of their number, Mr. Sexton and Mr. Biggar, were present. Sitting beside the former, briskly and somewhat jauntily arranging his notes, was Mr. Jeremiah Stringer, who, exactly five minutes by the clock after the judges took their seats, had mounted into his chair, and was deep in a speech by which Mr. Boyton months ago stirred the patriot breasts of Ballingarfy. It need not be remarked that the public interest in these proceedings was as scantily displayed as ever. The Dublin public must be getting phlegmatic and sadly wanting in curiosity since the chance of making acquaintance with the countenance of Mr. Stringer has not roused them ; the public gallery now seems gradually being abandoned to big policemen and little children. The juvenile element and the constabulary this morning certainly predominated. 