MINING. " Bihd-in-Hand Gold-Mining Company.—'The mining manager's report, dated November 19, ia as follows:—*' Since my report of 14th inBt. matters have been progressing favorably on your mine. I have now 21 men at work, aa large a number aa I have room for until we open oat further. Since last report I have sunk 13 feet on underlie of western or gossan reef with moat gratifying results. At aboat 45 feet I had a drillhole put into stone, which passed through nearly 4 feet 6 inches of solid quarts before touching[theharging wall. From the drillings a good prospect was obtained, while some of the stone broken out at a few feet above the level is showing gold freely, in faot is batter than any we have before taken out. Sinoe 40 feet the stone is changing in character and coming in solid, as I'expected it would, the gossan or conglomerate stone being merely a long cap of the real reef. The stone now being raised approximates more nearly to that of the Eastern or White Reef, which will probably join it in depth. Having proved the reef to nearly 5Q feet on the underlie, I am now going to sink at once a vertical shaft to the eastward, and stope up for stone, so that before your bat tery is ready for work I shall have several hundreds of tons of high average stone ready for crushing. Much of our stone will go fully five ounces to the ton, and so far as I can judge none that I have raised hitherto will run under one to one and a half ounces, possibly more. Greater progress would have been made this week but that I have been busy getting in timber from the range. I have sank on the "White Reef to a depth of 20 feet. Zt has divided, and is running down in two parallel leaders a few iashes wide, still carrying good gold. Ihess will join again in depth, but having simply proved the continua tion of this reef for my own satisfaction, I shall leave this shaft in the meantime for more necessary work. No. 2 shaft ia down aboat 45 feet; we should have made further progress here but that the ground, which had been un usually sound, suddenly became heavy, and we had to instantly begin timbering, and none too soon, as we had a slight slip as it was. All is how ever now secured. We shall, I think, cut the reef at from 5 to 6 feet, and all indications point to a fine body of stone. We are now in a net work of gcssany leaders crossing each other and running down at a very steep angle. All these leaders carry fair gold, bat mostly fine. Abcut 10 chains southerly on your boundary I ret a couple of men to costean to prove ran of reef. Ihey cut the cap readily,and we washed a prospect from the ironstone. This proves touree of Bird-in-Hand reef over several hun dred feet, and from what the prospectors have met with on the company's seotion away to the norib, Z know we shall find a strong run cf stone acroES the whole width of oar claim. In answer to your enquiry I make the coarse of the reef from our southern boundary to ran a noint oc two east of north. -D. McOkacken, Minirig Manager." With reference to the criminal J ohastone, alias Nugent, who was execrated at Mount Gambier on Friday, November 18, for the murder of Trooper Pearce, the Border Watch, sajB:— "After being sentenced the prisoner entertained a lively hope that his sentenoe would be commuted to imprisonment lor life, but being of a silent morose disposition did not say much to any one. Aboat a fortnight ago he . instructed hiB solicitor, Mr. J. K. Moore, to pre 1 . . pare a memorial to HisBxoellenoythe Governor praying that hia sentence might be commuted to imprisonment for life, on the ground that the crime was committed in the heat of passion, caused by having received great provocation from Pearce. He detailed the circumstances at length, stating that he did not refuse to go quietly to Kingston with Pearee. He averred that he dismounted to light his pipe, when Pearce said he would handcuff him. He (Nugent) objeoted, pointed out that he had gone qnietly so far, and said he would proceed quietly all the way to Kingston. Pearee still persisted, and attempted to pat thehandoaffs on him, and prisoner resisted determinedly. The trooper then drew his revolver and threatened to Bhoot him. Nugent struck away the revolver, and a life and death straggle ensued. Both fell, and whilst they were on the ground N .'gent said ho was en— abled to use a large sheath knife he had on his person, He did use it; but in the heat of pas sion had no idea of the manner in which he inflioted the wounds or where he indicted them. The long wound on the abdomen, throngh which the bowels of Pearoe protruded, he said was caused unintentionally whilst he was trying to draw the knife from under the trooper. When Pearce released him he (prisoner) rose and left him in the grass as he waB found by Dungey. The prisoner's version of the affair thus differs materially from that of Pearoe. After he had diepatohed the memorial the condemned man's hope of a commutation intensified, and he told his spiritual advisers, the Rovb. M. Hennessy and O'Connor (Roman Catholio), that he felt certain it would be sncoessf ul in its prayer Last week, when the information was oonveyed to him that the Executive deolined to interfere with the course of the law, a great change seemed to come over him. He devoted himself to prayer, was frequently in consultation with his spiritual counsellors, and spent all his time in making preparation for the doom that awaited him. On the last night of his life he exhibited a remarkable calmness and resigna tion, and the Rev. Father Hennessy informs us that he never Baw a man more thoroughly peBitent and humbled for a crime than was Nugent on Thursday evening. He was occupied in prayer till a late hour, after which he retired and rested tolerably well. At daybreak he rose 8nd spent the remainder of the time remaining to him in devotional exeroises. He ate well up till Thursday evening, but on Friday morning refused any breakfast, or even a drink to strengthen him. Nugent made no written statement. He asked Father Hennessy if he should say anything on the scaffold, but that gentleman advised him not to do so, as it would serve no purpose." A painful accident Recently occurred to a little boy between five and six years old, son of Mr. J. Elleway, farmer, Franklin Harbor. "ItaDpears," says the Wallaroo Times,"that the ohild would go with his brother for a tank of water, a distance of about six miles over a stumpy track. The little fellow was sitting with his brother in the front when the wheel came in contaot with a stump, throwing him. out. The wheel with a weight of about two tons passed over the lower. part of his abdomen. The poor child immediately sprung up like an Indiarubbe* ball and then fainted away, his sufferings being intense. He is in a very pre carious oondition, quite delirious at times. There is no medical man within 100 miles of the place, and although the telegraph line passes throngh the district there is no means of using it, notwithstanding the numerous appeals of the inhabitants." We have been aeked to direct attention to an advertisement appearing in another column having reference to the publication in bock form of the writings of the late BaBtace Reveley Mitford (" Pasquin.") The cricket match between members of Parliament and eleven gentlemen con nected with the Parliamentary staff of the two daily newspapers, is bsing played on the Adelaide Oval to-day. Soma interest is being evinoed in the contest, as it iB believed the teams will be found to be pretty evenly matched. The proceeds are to_ be handed over to the pavilion fund and various charities, and there is likely to be a considerable attendance. "We understand His Excellency the Governor will visit the ground daring the afternoon. Mr. B. "Wheeler's company opened at the Aoademy of Music, on Saturday, November 19, toa full house, every seat, witha few exceptions in the Btalls, being occupied, while many personB were refused admission to the gallery, which was packed to overflowing. The Wheeler family may always be counted upon for a genuine entertainment, eaoh member being a good comic singer, while Mr. Wyburd is a strong reinforcement to the vocal ranks. The entertainment on Saturday was entitled " The Tourist abroad; or the search for the perfect Tuber," a musical comedietta con sisting of songs, duets, and dances, while the absurdity of the play, in which these vocal and terpBichorean items are introduced, was provo cative of endless mirth. The caste was as fol lows Doclittle, an agent of the Pennsylvania Society of Investigation,Mr. Wyburd; Johannes Sohlaus and Julius Cuffee, Mr. Frank Wheeler; Barney O'Neal, a guide, and Mrs. O'Connor, Mr. Ben. Wheeler; Mollie O'Conncr, Mrs. B. Wheeler. The scenery was arranged by means of a series of panoramic views at the back of the stage-, seme of which were well executed, notably the battery and New York harbor; burning of the ship Briar Holme; the Devil's Glen by moon light; Donny brook Fair; and the grand alle gorical picture, the origin of the harp. The songs and dances were all effectively rendered, moBt of them being of the popular Hibernian type. Mrs. Wheeler in "Killarney" and i' Barney O'Neal" obtained deserved applause, her rendition of both songs being very good indeed. Mr. Wheeler has evidently lo3t none of his freshness, and.in the character of Barney was exceedingly funny. He sang " My native land so green" and "The blarney" in good style, and in the ghost scene with Julius Ouffee, whom he beguiles to the Devil's Gleu at midnight by means of a ruse, he . kept the audience in roars of laughter. Mr. Frank Wheeler was as usual brimtuil of fan, his act ing in the last-mentioned scene being one of the best bits of nigger drollery we have seen for a long time. Mr. Wyburd, too, deserves a word of praise for his songs. The scena entitled " Barney's Courtship," by Mr. and Mrs. Wheeler, and a double Irish jig, by the same couple, were both successful. The Wheeler family will lose none of their wonted prestige during their pre sent seaBOD, as the programme is most amusing throughout, and is well worth visiting by those who enjoy a good serio-comic Irish enter tainment. Upwards of 2,000 people assembled on the south-east corner of the Old Racecourse on Saturday afternoon, November 19, to witness a polo conteat between sides chosen from the local clubs. Some time ago it was arranged that the Adelaide players should compete with repre sentatives from Viotoria as daring last season, but tbis arrangement having fallen through for the present it was determined to play a public match between members of the olub. The sides chosen were the North (or reds)—Messrs. G. C. Hawker, jun., E. Bowman, C. Bowman, and W. H. Young; the South (or blues)—Messrs. J. L. Stirling, M.P., A, Waterhonse,Tom Bari Smith, and A. R. Malcom. Mr. C. H. T. Hart officiated as field umpire. The game commenced at 3 o'clock, and both sides played with great vigor and dexterity, the blues being the first to achieve a goal. The reds then rallied, Bnd in a little while made the game even by also Ecoringa goal. Several bahinds were made on eaoh side as the ball was alter nately played from end to end. As the game progressed the reds showed a little more dash than their opponents and made a seoond goal, but the play was brilliant on both sides, and was mcst exoiting to the spectators. What the final result would have been it is difficult to conjecture, as the match was brought to a sud den conclusion at about 4 o'clock by an unfor tunate accident. At the expiration of the time allotted after the declaration of a goal, the bines were stationed at the southern end of the ground and the reds on the north, when the signal was given by the umpire for the contest to be resumed. To Mr, T. Bsrr Smith and Mr. Geo. Hawker fell the t&Bk; of leading up tor their respective sides, and they bad ridden rapidly iBto the centre of the ground, eaoh endeavoring to get the first Btrike, when, owing _ to one of the ponies swerving they came into collision with great violence, the shock capsizing both horses and riders. Mr. Smith was picked up and plaoed in a cab with his right leg bruised and hurt, but Mr. Hawker lay insensible for some time, and did not reoover conscious ness till late in the evening. Restoratives were applied by Dr. Gardner and another medical gentleman, but Mr. Hawker was still inseHBible when he was driven to the Adelaide Olnb and placed in bed. We were pleased to learn last night from Mr. E. W. Hawker that the results of the unfortunate oocurence are not serious, as bis brother had nearly recovered, and Mr. Smith was able to drive to Mount Barker on Saturday evening. Some idea of the force of the conoussion may be gained from fhe fact that the forehead of Mr. Hawker's pony was smashed in, and the animal (who was a favorite with his owner) was afterwards shot on the advioe of two veterinary surgeons. 