caAPTEB 1L I bad left tfae police altogether, and was living VBTjroomfoitably, my good lady and I, up at Islington, in tiie same street wim my married daughter, who was doing very com fortably too, her husband having * good berth m tie City. I had always been of a earing turn, and had bought two or three hoasea, so with a tidy pension, which I had earned by thirty years' service, I coold aflbrfl to go about a bit and enjoy myself. Of course in all tint time I had Bode die acquaintance of a good many professional people; and there wweveryiwaeatres cfe^okons tint £ cotddnt get admission to. We-roy wife and I, I -mean~mao-e ita role to go everywhere that we coold get tickets for ; and whether it was the launch of a ship, tbe charity children at St, Paul's, or Sam Cowefl at ^BCauterbory Hall, it didn't matter to us ; we went. And it was at tiie Canterbury I first had the Combestead murder more particularly recalled to my mind. r was thereby myself, tte old lady not being willing to leave my married daughter — because married daughter— id I went by. myself. There was a young woman who sang a comio version of, 'Here's a good Time comnig' splendidly ; and as I was always of a chatty turn, I couldn't help r*»m»AiT»g to tiie person that was sitting next to me, bow first-class ehe did it when he exclaimed: 'HoBo! why never ! Superintendent Bobinson V And then held out his hand. It was young Lytheriy, but so stoat and brown, and whiskery — if I may say so — that I didn't know him. 'Mr. Lytheriy!' I exclaimed, 'Z didn't expect to see you ; and you're right as to my being Robinson, «tt*HWit' police officer no longer. Why, £ thoant you were in the army/ \ \- So I waV he returned; 'but Pm ont of it now : and HI teU von how it was.' It seems be had been to India, and got some promotion after three years service ; and had tfae good fortune to sire his colonel from drowning, or what was more likely in those parts, being taken down by a crocodilfi, onder circumstances of extraordinary bravery. He did «at tell me tbia last bit, bat T heard bo afterwards. Lytheriy was always a wonderful swimmer, and I remember his taking a prize at London. The exertion or the wetting brought on^fever, and*fae was recommended for his discharge, ThecoLmel behaved most liberal]*. Bat what was the best of alL the old fellow who kept tiie caateen at tbe station died about this time, W Lytheriy had been courting bis daughter idr a good bit, more to tiie girl's satisfaction Hwtkigat of her father, so then they got married and came home to England, and he was tolerably well off. He naturally talked about the Combestead murder, and said frankly enough, that — except the people with whom he Tiad Lodged, and they were suspected, he said, oftoerjury— he thought I was the only peKon\in the town who did not believe him guilty\pf the 1 But murder will out, Mr. BobinsonJ^ie said ; 'and yon will see this wflJ be found on* some day. A ?WeH, I am snre I hope it will, Mr. Lytherly, ' I answered him. ' Bat as ' murder will out ' and all that, I don't think you. will find any policeman or magistrate who wil/ agree with you there ; and there was less to help ue when you had got oat of the scrape in this -\\-mbestead business, than any affair 1 was ever concerned * I don't care,' he says ; *it will come out, Mr. Robinson. I dream of it almost every night«jand my wife consulted some of the best fortune-tellers in India, and the all told her it would be discovered.' ' Hum !' ! said, ' we don't think much of fortune-tellers here, you know.' .^sifl 'I'm perfectly aware of that,* he'^H ' and I shouldn't give them in as eviden^H but :f you had lived three years in India^^H people who knew the native ways, you mjJP alter your mind about fortame-Tfflere Anyway, you will remember when it's found oat, that I told you how it woold be.' I laughed, and said I shoold, «od after we had ^Jiother glass of ale together, and he had give^ me nis address and made me promise to call /on him, we parted. I £old my wife all aJwtrt it ; and it is very curirms to see how all women are alike in cuvaeity and superstition and all that - for aJSfcugh my wife had been married to me for W*y years, and so had every opportunity of le-irning better, yet she caught at what yonn' I ytheriy— not so very young now, by-the-by^ had said about these fortune-tellers, and was quite ready to believe and swear the murder , *n»W be found oat It's no use arguing with '?^tfV'' **?-*- ao I merely smiled at her i anVWsedttoff: V m the very next day that Mb. Bofawon awl myself had -«Ned to go and. see a new exhibition of painUngF which some one «u starting in London, and tickets were ptet&y; freely given »way for it ; bat the same rr miii i which stopped my wife from going to , the Canterbury, stopped her from going to the exhibition, I treat, of course, because / couldn't be of any use, under tbe esraMs stancefi, to my married daughter ; aad a very good exhibition it was too. There were plenty of paintings, and f bad gone through all idie rooms and entered the last one. There were very few persons, I was aorry to see, in die place, so that yon could have an onmterrapted view of any picture you pleased. After glancing carelessly round the room, for one gets a kind of surfeited with pictures after a bit, I was strode by a gloomy-looking painting to toe left of the doorway, and which I bad not noticed on my first -entry. When I came to look closer into it, I was more titan struck — I was astounded. It was a picture representing (he finding of old Tcaphois the miser, in the Fortunesof Ni£eL The heavy dnil room was lighted only by the candle wfaich the young uobLomi. hsLti above his head ; and it appeared to be excelle&ily; painted. Bat what drew my attention was that, as a part of the confusion in which the straggle between the old man and bis murderers bad placed tne room, the wasbsfcaad had been upset, had Cafiea in£o the fireplace, and the ewer had rolled into the grate, where it wae shewn as unbroken, although the water was flooding the boards— all «xac£y as I had seen the same things five yeus before — so exactly, thai f I was perfectly sore no cfeance eoufitdenoe had prod&ced; the resemblance, bat that whoever had painted tiais picture bad seen the room where Miss Parkway, and had bad the features of tbe scene stamped oa his memory. Who so likely tso have the scene so stamped, E instantly thought, as '&e; murderer himself? As this rushed upon my mind, I could not repress an exclamation, although pretty well guarded as a rule. The only other person in the room heard me, aoftuame to see what bad crated disappointed, for be looked from the picture to his catalogue, then to die picture again, then at me, back to his catalogue, and then west away with a discontented grant. I dad not move, however, but mnuuned qoite absorbed in the study of this mysterious Ft™ritiTg i and the mjKe I looked, t3&e; mare convinced I became *hat it was copied from the scene of Miss Parkway's murder. There were several little points which I had out at first noticed, and had quite forgotten; each as the position of the fire-irons, the direction in winch the water had ran, and so forth, which were all faithfully shown in the picture. ' To be brief, I had made up my mind before I left the room that I bad at last found the real cine to the Combestead murder. Tne artist's name was Wyndham ; and I determined that I* would very soon ; as a natural begihning, make some inquiries about this Mr. Wyndham; -and indeed I began before I left the e&bitioo;, I engaged the hall-keeper to bar* k, glass izrith me at Hut nearest tavern, and when I got fairly into con versation with him, asked carelessly where Mr. VTyndham lived, as I tbonght I had known him eotne years ago, giving a descrip tion of some entirely imaginary person. Tne hall-keeper said : ' No—that was not the sort, of man at all. Mr. Wyodbam was. (here h£ described him) : ' and he doesn't (ire ntXhe weat-end of London, as yon said, sir, bot^at a place in Essex, not very far from Coldawter.' He knew where he had livod, because Ae had several times posted letters to hup at 'The Moant/ This was about all I Mot from the hail-keeper, but it was as mn^u I wanted. I am cot greatly in tte£aabit of #f taking other people into my confirmee, bad tbis was altogether an eiueptuHu] caae ; bo, after a little reflection, I «ra£ rfiaight to ttie address John Lythariy ha£ fires me, and told him what 1 had Baen_/ He of coarse introduced me to his wife, & ifeery pretty, dark-eyed young woman , auJArfcen I had told all, they ex changed looks less of surprise than triumph. * Oh, it i&jo;&aung; aD rigbt, he exclaimed. ' I knew ttxt morder would cry oat some day. And fififtr yon will have a little more respect foTjUdiao fortune-tellers.' ~% am oot qn te sure about that,' I said. ?JBot doo't you go making so certain that we Jtrc going to find oat anything, Mr. Lytherly ; f this maf be only an accidental resemblance.' Beoatne, as yon may suppose, I had not told them bow contideot I felt in my own mind/ ' Accidental ! JConsense !' *as all be said to tnat ; and then lie asked me what was the first step I proposed to take. 1 told him 1 thought we ought to go down to this village and see if we donld learn anything suspicions about Mr. Wyndbam ; and by my old detective habits, and the way io which the officers about would be sure to help me, I titonght we might reckon on finding oot what was wanted. He was delighted, and asked when we should start, and when I eaid that very night, he was more delighted still. tt ia «lwaye my rale to strike the iroo while ^^Jbot, and nothiug could possibly be Rot by ^?trng stow ; so I made up my mind jast to ^Ph home, get a fev thiops ju my bag, aad go Br 0Wo by the ten o'clock train. My wife, yon ^nay be eare, was rer-r astooiehed ; but, as I MB»»ited she would be, «^s just *a confident in the murder being found wit sa young Lytheriv himself. Of coarse the latter was ready. And we were potdown at oar destina tion aboflt twelve o'clock ; too late for anything that night, bat we were -n toe spot to begin &e; first t&sg; in the morning. And accordingly directly after breakfast we began. John Ly&eriy; w-mld have began before brealcfast, bat as aa eld hand t liWW better than that ; because the party we w«re after, allowing he was the right party, after a five years rest, w«n't going to bolt ; an it ***& , no case for bntTying aad driTing. VTeQ, eoon after breakfast I sauntered into the bar and began talking with the landlord, who was an elderly sort of man about my own age, and who bragged — as if it was » thing to be prood of— before we bad talked three miaate*, that he had Jived, rawa *ad boy, in Ommpley, which was the a«me of tfae lively place, for more than fifty years. 'Then yva're jsst the fellow for me/ I tiiooght; and then began talking of an old master of mine who was now living somewhere down in tbis neighbourhood by the same of Wyudhaxn. 4 Wyndham ! Let me see ! Wyadnam?' says the landlord, patting on his wisest look. ''NV, I can't remember aoy party of that nanip. | There's Waticson, and Wiggins ; perhaps it- | awe of taeao,' I I told him they wooM not do ; and then added, that the party I meant was something of an artist, painted pictures partly for pleasure and partly for profit This was «% a guess of mine, bat it was a pretty safe ooe. 'Oh; there's lots of ttem about here: exclaims the old boy, grinning very much, a? if it was a capital idea. 'There's Mr. Be Laacy Cfaorkle, Mias BeTTJdera Smith, Mrs. Galloon Wfayfce, Mr. Hardy Caaate, and a lot more ; bat I don1! ttwre'e a. TVyndham,' * Ah, well it doo't matter, ' I said very care LeasLy stall ; ' I may be nostaken. 1 heard, however, he lived down here at a place called the Mount. Is there such a place V ' Is there sach a place,' says the landlord, with as much contempt in hj« voice as if I ought to be ashamed of myself for sot knowing. * Yes, there is ; and a &rgt-cate; gentfemaB arfist lives tiiae too ; but bis oasae aas*! Wyndham; his name happens to be Parkway, air, Mr. Philip Parkway; tboagh I hare heard that he te ion pcoad, to p^wfr under his 'I think, landlord, 3 eaid, 'that IH hare just three-penn'orth -rf brandy, cold ;' which I took* and left him withtrat another word, for I beard this name, I felt struck all of a heap,. becsm&e; it had made & guess into a. certainty,' thoagh in a way I had never dreamt of. I couldn't even go back to Lytheriy for a little while, it was all so wonderfol ; and I was so angry with mjBeli for never having thoagfat at the time that the man who, of *H otberE in the world, had the moat to gain by the poor woman's death, migfat have been tire one who killed her. to the bitterness of my feeling I eooM not help saying that any one but $ detective would have pounced upon this fellow at the first However, I got over the vexation, and went bad: to Lytberly to tell him my news. We were eacn very con fident tiu£ we bad toe right scent now ; but yet it was not easy to see what we were to do. I could not very weQ apply for a warrant against a man becaose be had painted a pictare; and «o we «*U&pd; and talked nntf we caaM tiiink of nothing better than gdngdown to Combestead, and with our fresh information to Wip ra, seeing i£ we could, not rake np some taiagfcbere. ? We came to tbis resolution jost as we reached a toll-gate, close by which stood a little boose, which appeared to be the beer ehop, baker's, post office, and grocer's for the neighbourhood. Xot mach of * neighbourhood, by-the- bye,foreiceptiiigaf«tgent^sneo'sseats there was hardly aootfaer hoase within sight. One small bat comf ortabWfooking residence, we were informed by the chatty old lady wfco owned the 'store,1 was the Mflput, where Mr. Parkway lived. He was a very retired, silent sort of a gentleman, she said, and people tjaoofejfcis wife didn^t have the happiest of 'lires t^Eh him. He had been f*f*'jg|'iT for a fen- years, tte old lady went oa ; sooa titer a relation had died, and left him a. good bit of money. Before fiat he only rented apart ments in the ciQage ; but when he married Miss Dellar, whu was an orphan, with a good bit of money too, bat quite a girl to him, sod they went to live at the Mount. At this point the old lady broke suddenly off and said : I * Here they are !* going to the door imme diatfily, and dropping her -nm best courtesy. ! We followed ber ioto the little porcl], and there, sure enough, was a low carriage, drawn by oue horse, and in it eat a gloomy dark man. ! whom I bad no difficulty id recognisiog. and i by bis side a flight, very pretty, but care-* i*rn j looking rdnug woman. Mr. Farfcuay fooked , j coolly eaoagU at as, and we as carelessly ' retamed his glance, for we were both so mfch '? coan^ed since the Combestead dars, that there j was Little fear of bis remeaaberiBg us. j It seemed they had called about a servant j which the pGSt-ofiice keeper nas to ha^e recommended, and Mrs. Parkway alighted I from the carnage to write some memorandum on the business. Parkway had never spoken. i and I thought I could see in his harsh, feature traces of anxiety and remorse. Lvtherly had I foUoved Mrs. Parkway into the shop, and, m ] could see from where I stood, oa the buly asking for a pea, he drew his gold pencil-case {ram his pocket, aa& offered it, as probab-y containing a better implement titan any the (wst- office could afford. The lady stared, looked a. little startled, but after a Biomeot's hesitation accepted it with a very sweet -mile. While Mrs. Parkway was engaged in writuuj ber letter, Lytherly stood by her side, and saantered oat after.ner. I had been waiting in the porch, watching her hosband, whose face was so familiar to me that J half expected to aee a look of recognition come into his eyes-, j but nothing of the sort happened. LytherJy j watched them drire off, then turning suddenly j round, exclaimed ; ' Lt's as good as over, Robinson 1 * We've got them !' * Why, what is there afresh ?' I asked. j ' Jost fnffifj^v*- to hang the econndrel, ' i j said JLytherir. ' Yon remember, of coarse, | that among other tJaings which were stolea on the night of the murder was a carious locket whufa poor llise Parkway need to wear, a&d; ^iy.v some frafmentB of tbe Hiajn were after wards found.' I remembered this f ery well, and told him BO. 'Very good,' he eootinned. ' I gave that locket and chaia to tfte poor old girl ; it was the only valuable 1 poasesaed in the world ; and Mrs. Parkway has the central carbuncle in her brooch pow.' ! ' Nonsense V I exclaimed, not knowing exactly what I did Bay at tire moment. '[tKafacVhesssd; ' aad 1 can swear to it What is more to the point, perhaps, fc, tbafc aitlioagh the stone ie in a strange setting, and no one tmt myself, probably, could recognise it, yet I can identify it. Oo the side are my antials cot is almost ?dcroscopical chacacters. If they are there, &a;£ aettleB it ; if they are not, pot me down as an impnwtw, and fix the murder as me if yoo like. ' There w«s- % good deal more said after this, bat the upshot of it was teat we west over to Colchester, and laid the matter before the j authorities ; when after a little hesitation, a warrant wag granted for the apprehension of Mr. Philip Parkway ; and two officers, accom panied by Lytberly and myself, went over to '[ erecote tt Tt wms 'Mer nightfall when re arrived at the Mount ; and on knocking at the dtor, -ve f'jond that Mr. Parkway wae m ; bat bis wife was not, having: gone ap (so tie elderly woman I that was called by tfae footboy m£armed us), to play the harmoBiaxn at tie ipedrffwiiearsal of the village choir. ' AbaafBie only amnse mentshe has, poor thing, ' tfae'woman muttered, and she seemed in a eery bad temper' about something. We eaid we wanted to see hex master, and tfa*t she need not announce us. And, as I live, I believe that woman guessed directly who we were, and what we had come for. At anyrate, quite a glow -rf triaatfk. tame into ber face, a&d; she pointed te a door nearly opposite to where me stood. We opened it, and found ourselves in a sort of large study, vrbme, sestsd at a t&tite;, trailing, was the man we wanted. He looked op in earpnse as we entered, «nd the light faflabg strongly oa bis face, wh3e aS the rest of the room was in darkness, I thomght I eaw a paleness coma and go on his gioocny features j but fi^j ypignt have beeofaacy. 'What is yoor bawim n V lie began; bat Mr. Banes tfee chief conatabk cnt him short. *I am aorry to inform 'you, Mr. Parkway,' he eaid, 'ttat I noM a warmrt for yoer arrest, attA yon nujst^onsid«2' yourself in custody. ' Parkway Btared at hvnt mecaanicallv closed the bdk he was reading, ftad said : * On what * For marder;1 s%b Banes ; aJI then I was eare Parkway did torn rwy -rb.ite. ' Fm tiit murder of Miss Partway, at Oombestead, in 186-.* Partway looked from one to the otter of as for a few second* without speakbf ; at last his eyes settled for an intftast on JLytheriy ; then tnnsne to Banes, he said, pointing Btraigbl at Lytberly: *& was that man, I have ato doubt, who set voa oa,' ' Yort baA better not say anything, sir,' saia the chief cosstanle, *bat just give your servtes what ordent you vish, and come with ^^t gg we cannot stop.' ' I daresay it was he, ' continBed Parkway, not answeriog Mr. Banes, but seeming to go with his own Ufoogbte. ' I fancied be was dead, for wixxt I took to be his ghost haasbeeo in my room every night for this month past.— Where is my wife? We told him she was not at home, and that we were anxious to spare her as far as possible ; but he gave such a bitter emfle, and «dud : ' She wul certainly be vexed to have had a hosband that was hanged ; bat Bne will be a. widow an any terms/ We didn't want to hear any more of this, bo goUiim *?»/ ; not wztboutflome littie trouble tbftgfa; aSi'd tbere had n«t been so many of, us, we eboold have had a scene ; aa it was, we were obliged to handcuff him, fc | The servasta, four of them, were nataiAy alarmed, and were in the hall when we west out. Mr. Parkway gave a rery few directions, and tile elderly woman grinned quite spitefully at him. 'Don't insult the mat], now he's down,1 1 said in a whisper, while Partway and the two ] oflScers got iJm tfae fly. Lytterly «cd I were ' to ride outeide and drive. , * Losult him .' the wretcli V vhe saarL ' Too , don t mean to euppoee h* baa any feelings tc hart. Ete has been trying to drive my poor young mistress — that I nursed when a baby— into her grave, and he troold have done it, if I had. not been here. The only excuse is, be is, and alw-*ye has been, a dangerews lunatic' We drove -*ff, a,od I aaw w) more of her, and □ever hearj how Mrs. Parkway took the] intelligence. The lady was present a^ the preUvmary er animation ; and to her ^rreat surprise her carbuncle brooch was taken from her and used agaimt her husband- This examiuation was on the next morning, anil we obtained more evidence than we bad at first expected. Not j only «a& the carbuncle marked as. Lytherlv , had said it would be, bat I had be?c np at the - station, being unable to shake off oltl habits, and had made sense inquiries there, Strangely enough-, tht man u-ko was he^ul-porter now haJ been head -porter there five year? ago (it is a ' very seosible way railways have of keeping a good man in fhe same position always ; , pr^tnotioQ ganoraJiy upsets and confuses things} ; and be was able, by eeu-ondary facts. . to fir the dates and to shew that not only did Mr. Parkway «t» to Comestead for the funeral. \ bx& thai he «eat to London anJ Viack just before ; from London. M curse, he etwld easily get to Combeetcad, and his absence left him about time to do so. V\e pr.ip^sed then to have a remand and get evidence from Comix. stead ; bat it was never needed. { Parkway bad been expecting tbis blow for years, and always kept some deadly poisoa concealed in the hollo*- of his watch -seal. , This be toot, on the night after his examina tion, and was found dead ia h'ts eel] by the officer who went the rounds, fie first wrote a ; rerv long and minute confession, or ratter justification, shewing that his motive had been to prevent his cousin's marriage with Lytherly, wkora he seoned to hate very macb, although the young man had never harmed him. He said he went expresfleJr to Combestead to get poesesiw of the money his misguided relative had dawn, and toluUbtf. He felt that if be left ber alive, she would carry oat her scandalous plan, and therefore it was bis duty to kiD her ; Be m doing this be fdt he bad committed no crime, bat had only been an instrument of justice. So f suppose be was, as the housekeeper declared, a dangeruos lunatic However, the rewsrA of one hundred pmin4£ had never beed wit&Arawn;, and I got it : ft was paid out of Parkway's estate ton, which was about the etrsnge&t; go I e«~er beard of. Lytberly aaJ his wife are great friends with Mrs. Robinson and mvaelf ; indeed we have usually one of tfeeir young ones staying vr'itk us, when we haven't one or two from my married daughter. Mrs. Parkway, i beard sold off at the Mount, and went away ; and some time after i saw by the paper* that ohe was married to same ooe else. I b'*pe she made a better match tbeseeond time. Oa the whole, an looking back I am indiaed to think that of aB tb* ciaes by wh'icb I ever found anybody ost. ton was really tba fjiteerest. -OfimmVrK^ Jo*trn-*t. 