'r - ITfie Book. 1 '.'? 7th May, 1881.— You must not ex pect n long letter this time, as we are all very busy ploughing. The ground is very hard and it is *s much as tho horses can do to pull the plough. From the dryness of the soil, omi would almost think we had no rain since Christmas. We should bo very glad of a real heavy down pour at present. Every day there are strong indications of rain, but it novor gets farther than indications. However, as tho old saying tells, 'Lang threatening comes at last,' and one of these days we will have more than wo bargain for, A few farmers who. cut their: wheat by hand are complaining of the difficulty they have in harrowing on account of the long stubbles, but they havo only themselves to blame, if they burned off the stubbles in the summer even, they Would not have them now to annoy them. A. better plan than burning/though, is to get a nice handy mowing machine and cut down tho stubbles, then gather them with a li'orao . rake, and let your sheep or cattle tramplo them into manure which will pay you for all your - labor .and expense, - The weather is uoyv getting very cold, though mild ? in comparison with other years. Frosts so far have boen very1 slight, and have done little or no damage. Grass is abundant, and, unless wo are visited bj a snowstorm similar to last veai's, will bo plenti ful for the whole winter, Potatoes aro now being dug, but I am sorry to say the crop is not a cood one ; it is fully 25 per cent, below that of last year. Sickness is very prevalent at pre sent. Nearly the whole community, young nnd old, nro suffering from heavy colds. I am glad to say so far we have had no serious cases ; I trust wo may continue so. The heaviest cises have been nttendud with no other consequence* than a conflucmont to the house and a muftling up with a drop of something hot going to bed. I am aware that my Good Templar friends will object to the latter part, but if so let thorn have a heavy cold and then before retiring let them take a good hot ' sou-wester,' i.i1., good rum and water, and if they don't acknowledge its efficacy t'.ien I will say they ore rum ones, and only fit to go and take charge %f tho liugundra ghost. We have got a now toy, one; like nil new things, very popular at pre sent. A cricket club has been formed, and every Saturday our young men — aye, and some of thu old onus, ton — -can be seen busily practising on tho roadside just under The Rock. Though so near my domicile, I havo not yet paid tlitm a visit. I am told the club is strong in numbers, though not very strong in play. From hear say, 1 understand they manage very often to stop the ball with their heads instead of their bats, and in the Reid are very active in getting out of tho way of the ball. I am told they did not iikc their visit to Tollbar, as they got both beaten and starved. It is said tho return match will be played here on the Queen's Birthday, and that they will have a stronger eleven than those who journeyed to Tollbar. On the Wing.— That the Hugun dra ghost intends visiting Cooma and putting tho affairs of the Muni cipal Council in working order. — That tho -Bunvan races aro not for Joe. — That folks can seo more at some hotels in Cooma than thoso the J'aP. wot of. — That if the police in tend putting down Sunday trading they should watch the stores as well as 'the hotels — That . tho reason so many Chinamen arc coming to the the country is that they now know they can vote in Municipal elections in Cooma.— That when Tom's oppo nent will bo done up ho will be quite fresh and win easily. — That Tollbar is a hungry place ; not evim a lunch . will be given to a visiting team of cricketers. — That Ned says cricket ing is all my eye. — That the site for tho new schoolhouse has boon chosen, and it will be erected immediately after the Post and. Telegraph Omce willbefinishcd.-.ThatMilnerStephen is tired of healing by magnetism, as it is too slow, an \ he now finds he can cure all diseases incident to humanity by natural sodawater obtained from pur spring.— That a queer name for ai storeman isiCantsell.— That it Is a foul thing to give a fat cow for a hen. — That some of the milliners of Cooma intend givinpf your Tollbar correspondent a warm reception ; they have a kettle of boiling water ready. — That Toni Brown is think-: ing of taking a trip to the Mount Poole rush ; by the ' bye, Mount Brown was named alter him, and Mount Poole after a friend of his who used to be a stonemason in Cooma.— That King Billy Says, ' Tooth him Budgery fellow.'— That the Mayor of an up-country town in N.S.W., when visiting the Melbourne Exhibition, put up at a big hotel, but got disgusted at the want of re gard shown by the waiters and re moved to other quarters. — That any one visiting Bobundarah will find, a Kiss ' there.— 'That all land agents who assist squatters in dummying want the .birch, or smashing to smithereens —That ringrbarkers will be lynched if found within a hun dred miles of Urana. : ..: ? TomBboto. -.; Mrs., Jones, of Glenrowan, will 'be. charged as an accessory to the murder of Shenitt' niter the fact. ' 