Chapter VII. INTBODUCTIONS. About eleven o'clock the door oppo site gave another click, and Walter Lee caught up May, who was playing in the passage near the door, and with the child in bis arms came into the room. Mrs. Lee qHietly introduced the Htttle dressmaker to her husband. ' What a child' was his mental comment as he shook the hand that seemed but a trifle larger than May's, and from his six feet of height he smiled down into the pretty blue eyes which were lifted timidly to his. He did not say many -words in greeting ; but the kind way in which be uttered those few common words of civility caused Rose to feel at rest with reeard to the master as she was with the mistress of the House with the Crooked Chimneys. Rose was naturally shy of strangers ; and but a few hoars ago *be almost trembled as she thought of meeting these people, of whom she had heard so much ; it was only a feeling of curiosity to see and know for herself made her keep the appointment she had more than once thought of breaking. Now, as if by magic, her timidity had all vanished. Self was quite forgotten as she listened to tbe light, pleasant chat of the hus band and wife ; and she laughed heartily at Walter Lee's comical, witty way of putting things. Lounging in an easy chair by the window he was telling hia little daughter a wonderful sfory of a little girl who used to sing beautifully. ? But, papa,' interrupted his attentive listener, 'I can. sing too— I can sing like that little girl.' ♦ So you can, May. Of course you can sing, Birdy ; you'll sing for papa now, won't yon May ?' And her father with a take-it-for-granted look on his face began bumming the air of a popu lar tune. The first bait did not take, eo he tried another, May still gently nodding her head in time to the music. Mrs. Lee joined in, but May was immo vable till they started the plaintive air of ' The Beggar Girl.' Suited st last, she united her sweet childish treble to their full, round tones. The first verse was gone through to the satisfaction of all concerned ; and tbe second -was in full swing, when, the small songstress stopped dead, exclaiming in a loud voice as she waved her hand to command attention — ' papa ! you musn't 6ing — nor you, nor you,' she added pointing first at her mother, then at Rose, *I don't want any of you to help me, I want to sing all by myself.' ' All right dear, we won't sing, we'll listen to \on,' promised her eldera. With a nod of satisfaction, May com meneed the sone aeain. She sang both the words and music correctly, but in such a low voice as to be scarcely audi ble. To all entreaties to sine; louder, May was deaf. The little elf was in an obstinate mood. There was not the ghost of a smile on her face, only a mis chievous gleam in her dark eyes while she sang, glancing first at one then another of her audience, who were laughing unrestrainedly at her unmoved gravity. _ ? You see, papa, she graciously ex plained at the end of the first verse, ' I want to sing nicely, but I want to sing low.' Then ae a sort of compromise the young lady commenced a shade higher. In the middle of the second verse she made a false note. She tried to set herself right, but failing, she said with a look of perplexity, * let me see, what is the tune ?' With a gesture of command, that no one should aid h- r in her strait, she per severed in her laudable efforts of self culture, and her endeavours were just crowned with success, when the sound of a door opening further down the pas sage caused a sudden tremor to take possession of one frame in that little par lour. A light spriuging step was heard in the passage, and a clear voice called, ' Wall, were are you Wall ?' ' Here, Bern, come here old boy, I want you.' 2§ 'je contiiviad ivLjour next.\ 