GHOSTS EXPLAINED AWAY. A philosophic explanation of ghost-seeing is given by J. Mortimer Granville.M.D., who writes: In the search for the truth about ghosts it would be in the last degree ungrateful to forget the vast and varied series of experiments which nature, in her disorderly moods, has made, and is daily mak ing for our enlightenment in the department of modern psycnoiogy. not, oniy me aocuauy in. sane, from whom little that is intelligible enough to be directly instructive can be learned, but the large class of neurotic folk ever hovering on the border land of insanity, frequently see 'ghosts,' and to their supposed powers of perception the spectral delusions or hallucinations (which ever they may be) that are present to the distorted imagination seem as real as the other objects they see around them. I say otker objects, because there ib no reason to doubt that these visions which distress the con sciousness and often embitter the lives of the morbidly imaginative are just as truly objective as the majority of the things seen, or assumed to be seen, by thestrongminded and perfectly sane. Let me state three propositions :— 1. The act of seeing, wneiner penormea oy a neaicny or un healthy seer, is essentially a compound and com plex process. The 'mind's eye is even more actively concerned in the performance of the functions than the eye of the body. It is the mental image of the object. we see, not the physi cal picture. We see what we can perceive -or what we are able to recognise, which implies previous knowledge and memory, 2. Inasmuch as the mind plays a conspicuous part in the act of seeing, what is seen may differ greatly from that which, exists. 3. A thought, or any sense impression, acting on the mind in such a way as to call the power of picture-making into operation, will do as well as an external object to supply the key-note of a vision. If these proposi tions are accepted as accurate, though crude and noompiete statements of fact, it follows that it must be possible to see anything in the existence of which we believe — anything, it is as truly ob jective to us as if it had a substantive existence. Without the smallest leaning toward the philoso phy of Berkeley, I am convinced that the brain function has the power of projecting mental pictures on to the retina. The mental image nay be transmited, or, as it were, telegraphed along or reproduced by the optic nerve on the retina, mind and body functions thus mingling in the act of producing the vision. This is, in my judgment, how ' ghosts' are seed, and if one person sees a vision or spectre, any one else who is la sym pathetic or harmonious nerve vibrations with him may ee« it too. 