THE NEW PARLIAMENT. Judging from present appearances the number of contested elections for the Assembly will be exactly the same as in 18T8. In six electorates only axe there no indications of a contest, and in the case of four of thesa the matter ia now placed beyond the region o£ uncertainty. Victoria, Ea3t Torrens, and Baro3sa yes terday returned their former members unopposed, while Mount Barker seems to have been so satisfied with the two candi dates who offered themselves, one of whom is entirely new to political life, that no encouragement -was onered to a third candidate to come forward. The Ministry have not fared quite so well as they did in 1S78. Now, as then, three of their number have been returned unopposed. Three years ago, however, the opposition offered to Mr. Playford in Eaat Torrens was little more than a sham, and Mr. Boucaut had nothing to fear from the competition for the representation of En counter Bay. This year Mr. Fowler is met by determined opposition in East Adelaide, and Mr. Symon, who has no Parliamentary experience to fall back upon, has to run a race with three other aspirants for the honour of representing Sturt in the new Parliament. Thus far the elections cannot be said to furnish a very decided clue to the state of public feeling about the Ministerial policy. 'With- out wishing to disparage the political labours of Messrs. Playford and Smith, it is certain that their return unopposed is due more to their well-deserved personal popularity than to their Parliamentary action. 2STo opponent would have had the ghost of a chance against them, and there fore they were allowed a walkover. In Victoria the absence of opposition seems to have been owing entirely to the difficulty of finding suitable candidates willing to enter the lists against Messrs. Hawker and Glyde, both of whom have well served their constituents. There is, however, no political significance in the election. Both candidates addressed the same meetings, Mr. Hawker defending the Government and chanting its praises, Mr. Glyde bringing vehement accusations against it, and vowing determined opposi tion to it in the future. Yet both can didates received a unanimous vote of approval from their constituents ! Many persons will say that Victoria is now virtually unrepresented ; but the truth is that the district is probably more com pletely represented than moat of the others will or can, be under our present imperfect system of representation. It h too much to believe that all the electors of the most southern constituency in the colony are strong partisans of the Ministry. As it is the views of both sides will be heard in the House, though neither side can be said to have secured a triumph. The result of the Barossa election is more significant. For a long time opposi tion was threatened. The action of Mr. Basedow in joining the Morgan Ministry was severely censured by a section of his constituents, who claimed to speak on behalf of the rest The new Minister was subjected to a special and lengthy cross-examination as to his views about the ad valorem duties, and some of his innuisjtors professed to be extremely dis satisfied with his answers. Yet their courage seems to have failed them, and the late members are the present icpro sentatives bl tha district, their return having been unopposed. Two or three cir cumstances account for this collapse. The Colonial Industries Defence Association is fighting under false colours. Its name does not fairly indicate its real objects, and while some of its prominent members are seeking tinder cover of its movements to advance directly protectionist views, others axe avowedly Freetraders, and simply contend thai the crriatrng 10 par cent ad valorem duties should not be interfered fith. These duties the Government do i cot intend to touch in their contemplate 1 ; revision of the tariff, and it is therefore tot; difficult to see why such a promis mous organization should be afraid to bring forward a candidate in Barossa. Nevertheless, the fact that no candidate was brought forward is a pretty con clusive proof that the Association is not nearly so powerful as it claims to be, and in this respect the lesson which the Barossa election teaches is one which other districts will do well to ponder. It is an unfortunate circumstance that the new Parliament will be alocted some months before the new roll can come into force. It is bad enough that there should be such inequalities in the numerical Btrength of the voting power in the districts as now exist, bat it is a worse evil that the rolls are in many respects exceedingly defective. For this the Returning Officers are hardly to blame. They cannot be expected to know all the changes which take place, and hence, in spite of the revisions which have been made since the Electoral Act of 1S79 was passed, the official lists by no means accurately represent the strength oE the, constituencies. Another unfortunate circumstance is that there is no opposi tion policy. Had there been a directly protectionist movement that would have been intelligible. Had there been anything like concerted action among the Opposition on the question of taxation, or any other burning question, the issue to be decided by the electors would be considerably simplified. As it is, there seems good reason for believing that in many of the districts the contest will be decided more by local considerations and personal pre ferences than by any great political principle. Even in East Adelaide, where the Colonial Industries Defence Associa tion have a candidate of their own, the ssue is complicated by the circumstance to which we have referred — that the name of the Association does not indicate the views of its members or the real objects contemplated in starting the organization. Still in that constituency there will be the nearest approach to a definite issue placed before the electors, and hence tbe result of the contest ia being looked forward to with a large amount of curiosity. 