[?] THE MYSTERY OF r MAJOR MOLINEUX BY MARCUS CLARKE. CHAPTERS V. — (Continued.) A voice roused me from my reverie. Major .Molineux himself was at my side. ' ' Fayre,'. said he; ' I have over heard the last words of your con-: versation. I do not expect you to pay attention to the vulgar fancies; of an ignorant hind. ' The .story, of the wetched being who liesi buried ^auyourieei its neitner pan oi my history nor does it concern my family. The romance which was sought to be woven around his name and that of my , dear Bister's husband has been, long ago proved false, and it was perhaps the grati fication of a desire to preserve from derision the last resting-place of a man more sinned! against than sin ning which caused , the report to first obtain circulation. , When my niece came to live with me I caused the fence,, which formerly sur rounded Arthur Savary's grave, to be removed, and, unless some \- chattering imbecile like old .Bagally had informed her of the story, this : portion of the park possessed for her no more interest than any other. The phantasies of women are innumerable.' He spoke rapidly, and with some heat. It was quite evident that he expected a reply, and a direct one. ' No one, Major Molineux,' said I, ' is less superstitious than my self, but I have seen so much of what is termed superstition resolve itself into fact, that I am not pre pared to pronounce any fantasy of the imagination as wholly baseless. But before we proceed further, let. me feel sure of my ground. I came here only in my character as a phy sician in attendance upon a' patient who has been, made unavoidably your guest. I find myself face, to face with an extraordinary enigma —yourself. Your peculiar studies, your secluded life, above all, ,your strange disappearance from all so ciety on one day in the week, have, combined to raisein me a curiosity which I cannot stifle# . What is the! mystery which darkens your life ? ' ' ! Major Mohneiix planted himself firmly on. his feet, and took both, my hands, in his own; ' ' His face was deadly pale, and, he seemed' to be nerving himself for a great effort; 'Do. not turn from me. Do not shun me,' he said. 'Had' it not been for', your persistence,, X had, never I spoken. Bagally is right. One day in each week I am possessed by a ? devil.' ' . ' Come, come,' said I, a little shaken, despite my self-control, as the powerful old man searched, my eyes with his, ' there are many sorts ot devils — devils or wrath, and devils of discontent^ &nd;' we all are now and then, at .tlie mercy of such.' Ay,' said Major Molineux, ' but to be possessed, as I am, by no, I cannot speak it, I could not repeat, nor could you listen to the tale. Forget what I have said, and*' —he pressed my arm with pain ful violence—' sw^ar , to mention to no living soul' that which I have \- unguardedly betrayed.', / r ! 'A physician's lips are /sealed without an oath,' said;I; 'YoU may rely on ,me. ' And ,now I must see Miss focMord. ' Let-us go in.' He regained his self-possession ; before we . reached tte , house, . not during the day was the subijec again, mentioned between us. I thought it better for ttedevelop ment of the case: to-: permit«.my patient— for so I now considered ?him— to begin a confidence which I feared might be: withdrawn if I jitoued him 'tob olosely, Seeing that I touched only on indifferent matters, he presided at dinner with hiB customary composure, and en tertained us all with the stores of a mind acquisitive of information and fastidious in the imparting of it. 'The old gentleman was never more amusing,' said Rochford, as I parted from , him in the hall. ' When we move, Beatrice, I'll ask him to come to Ashmead; the change would do him good.' ? ' Ask him, by all means,' said I, ' and I will second your entreaties. If we can once break the chain of recurring events in his life we may give him another lease of it. Our intrusion, unwelcome though it was at first, has already roused him into something like gaiety. Miss Roch ford should be well enough in a fortnight to be moved, for her case ilook% in every way favourable.' 1 ' How can I ever repay you for your kindness ?' said Rochford. I knew a method by which he could repay me a thousandfold, but 1 did not think it wise to mention it at that moment. Alas! events soon occurred which rendered it impossible for me to ever ask that favour which ,1 prized so highly. . On Wednesday afternoon, Major Molineux begged to see me alone. He led the way to his library, carefully closed the door, and, after much prelude, began to talk about his malady. 'I wish to ask you,' said he, ' if it is possible for a man to be mad and know that he is mad?' ' There are different kinds of madness,' said I, feeling that I must speak with caution. ' An in sane man may have lucid intervals during which he reviews acts done during the period of his insanity, and condemns them. , A man may have an uncontrollable impulse to commit a certain act — as to jump out of a window, for instance — and yet be quite conscious of the folly, and even wickedness, of his morbid promptings. I knew a case in India of a soldier who was seized with just such a morbid desire. He felt compelled to. murder some one very near and dear to him, and at last deserted in order to do it. Arrived in the town where the ntended victim lived, he absolutely had himself tied up by the people 6f the inn, until the proper authori ties could be sent for to secure him. Some months afterwards the object of his morbid lust for blood died, and the man at , once recovered. He describes his sufferings . while resisting his impulse as , terrible. Surely no devil worse than this couid possess a man. And yet he could hardly be called mad.' .'You give me a few grains of comfort,' said Major Molineux, ' though I have no such- fearful impulse as that which you describe. Every week, from ten o'clock on Wednesday night until ten o'clock on Friday , morning, I am the prey to the most bestial and awful delu sion which it has entered into the mind of man to conceive. I know that the fault is in my own brain, and that I am but the dupe of imagination. But where that fault lies I have sought in vain to find. Science brings me no solace, and, though my sense laughs at my imagination, I dare not confront the hideous thing which my im agination has created to mock my sense.' . ' You are not alone in your mis fortune, dear sir,' said I. ' There have been many men, haunted by phantoms, who have lived to make them but a source of amusement. The operation of ghost seeing is simple enough. We recall a land scape, which we have se en. We will ' it to return, and it is instantly present.' That is to say that we project from us that which we wish to recall, and look at it, and listen to it, as if it were again external to .us. An artist draws a dead face from memory, while a musician plays .an . air. forgotten by his hearers— the same effort too, of will, which recalled the lineaments of a corpse, and the notes of the opera, could people a house with ghosts, and fill the darkness with the voices of the dead. 'Ah,' said the Major, with a sigh, 'mine is no such illusion as those which you have mentioned. No voices of angel or of demon speak to me. No faces, grotesque or enchanting, present themselves to ray gaze. My delusion, and delusion it is, though sometimes I am half persuaded of its truth, is so horrible, so damning, so fearful in its naked insistence of the beast in pur fallen natures that I have been tempted hot once, but a hundred times, to set my spirit free from the soul-destroying bands which en wrap it.' He spoke with sober vehemence and appalling earnestness. - I : That this feeling is part of the I delusion I know, but , that does not 1 make it more bwwable. , For nine years I have endured a weekly agony compared with which the keenest torments of man's devising are as naught. In body and in soul I have suffered more than tongue can tell. Save that my reason did not desert me, I, should have speedily qualified myself for a place beside the poor wretch over whose grave I confessed my secret ; and yet I ask you, can I lay claim to the possession of reason when I am the sport of an imagining so foul as that which torments me ?' ' But,' said I, gently, ' you have not yet told me the nature of this delusion.' . - ' I dare not,!' said Major Moli neux. ' You would quit the house. To no human ear can I speak the history of my unspeakable degra dation.' He rose suddenly. x ' To-morrow is Thursday,' he said, ' come into my room to-night, and see what I dare not speak',' and he left me. Miss Rochford had regained con sciousness, and I hoped that the next few days would see her in a fair way of recovery. Mrs. Roch ford had laughed off her fears, and attributed, as I did, the visitant's face to a more mortal source than that of the wandering soul of a suicide. Rochford was in high spirits at the approaching depar ture, and even Mrs. Pennithorne seemed less terrified t^tan usual. I could not have had a more pro pitious hour for the investigation of the mystery which had baffled me, and I waited with much anxiety for midnight, which— being about the time I had seen Bagally on the previous week— was, I thought, a customary hour. with the Major for taking his oddly-timed meal. I was not amiss in my calcula tions. As the timepiece in the hall rang out the hour, the old convict appeared with the tray. . ' Your master has desired me to see him,' I stfid, ' and I will go up with you.' ' As you please,' said Bagally, roughly ; ' but take care. He led the way along the great corridor until he came to a double door. ' If he is not waiting ori the other side,' said he, 'you'll be lucky,' and, opening a slide in the panel, he pushed in the tray with its bur then, bolting the panel quickly. I stood uncertain how to act. Bagally turned to descend the stairs. ' Will you not go in ?' I asked. 'Not for all the money in Ho bart,' said the man, his very hair bristling. 'Listen.' I bent my ear to the door, and could' distin guish the confused sounds of voices. 'Who is with him?' I asked. But the old servitor had left me. I was alone, and from the other side of the oak panel came a sound which caused my blood to curdle in my veins. .In another instant I should have fled. 'Molineux! Major Molineux 1' I cried, and rapped at the panel. The door shot back, and I entered. The passage was pitch dark ; but in the distance I could see a lighted candle in what appeared to be a bedroom. I advanced towards it. The door shut behind me, and I felt someone place what seemed to be a hand on my shoulder. Major Molineuxwas right. Words refuse to lend themselves to the de piction of that which the horror fixed eye saw in that lonely chamber. CHAPTER YI. Mhs. Rochford was the only person whom I met at the breakfast table the morning after my visit to Maj or Molineux's room. The Maj or himself, for reasons which I could readily appreciate, desired to post pone, as long as possible, an inter view with one who had become possessed of his unhappy secret, and Roohford had intimated his intention of arriving later in the day. ' Now, that his daughter was out ot danger, there was really no real reason for his presence, which, indeed, was a daily element of dis turbance in the sick room. 'When do you think that Beatrice can be moved?' asked Mrs. Rochford. 'I long to have her at . home again under my own roof ; for, though Major Molineux is most kind and attentive, I ex perience a sense of depression in this house which I cannot shake off.' ' I quite agree with you that the sooner Miss Rochford is got home the better,' I replied, ' th ough the feeling of which you speak is attributable only to your own anxiety, and perhaps in som measure to the unwonted quietude of Castle Stuart after the bustle of Ashmead. j Nevertheless, we must be cautious. I never like to disturb' a case of fracture, however slight, for at least twenty days, and wo have been here, but barely seven.' ' ''True,' she said; this is Friday. I bad forgotten/' and her glance at the vacant place at the foot of the table noted to me the circum stance which had escaped her memory. Sfe&S; slight confusion in my manner must have betrayed me, .for, with a woman's quickness, she said, suddenly, Doctor Fayre, you. look worn and ill this morning Tell me, do you know anything about this mystery of Major Moli neux?' ' My dear madam,' I said, ' I am a doctor,^ and I cannot speak even indirectly of matters which have come to my knowledge in the exercise of my profession. Major Molineuxj has been complimentary enough to ask my advice upon cer tain pointsconnectedwithhis health, but I am as yet but very, 'partially in formed as to his case.' ' Nay,'' said she, ' I did not mean to put an impertinent query ; but it has occurred to me that, in return for the Major's kindness to my daughter, Beatrice might, byand bye, rouse him from his melancholy, and even win his confidence as to the secret cause of his malady.' If you have ever chanced, when in conversation, to hear a phrase innocently uttered which conveys to your private ear a world of esoteric meaning, you will compre hend the quick pang I felt at this sudden approximation of two ideas. Beatrice and my patient of last night! That pure girl and that most unhappy being, whose hide ous hallucination made him doubt ful of his humanity. When a student in Paris, I had seen the body of a beautiful girl exposed oh a dissecting-table for some needful demonstrations in anatomy. The sight shocked me then, and as, obedient to the law of association, the picture of that nerveless figure, so passive under the searching knife and exploring eye, rose again before; me, I almost saw the pallid features shape themselves into a likeness of those, of Beatrice. ' Do not think of such a thing, madam,' I cried. ' It is quite im possible. Miss Beatrice must never know aught of the1^-' and I stopped abruptly. Was I not already com mitting myself? (To be continued.) 