Darkest before Dawn. BY THE AUrnTHO OF " THe Ice Carnival," " Rathleen" " Sweet Seventeen," 'o , co., CHAPTER XII. PAINFUL REVELATIONS. It was past noon of the following day ere Madge, after long hours of sleepless anguish, deooended from her room. She repaired at once to the nursery, whore she found nurse only in attendance upon the little invalids. Mabel, it seemed, was seriously unwell again this morning, and whilst Madge, with an absent air, was stand. ing silent by the empty firegrate, apparently according the most Wrapt attention to nurse's voluble yarn, her eye caught upon the low mantelshelf an envelope, addressed, in Humphrey's hand, to Rhoda. Then, indeed the young wife's heart turned cold, a nameblss dread possessed her. " Where is your master? Have you seen him this morning ?" she asked. "No mem; master's been telegraph. ed for to Barnsford, so I heerd tell, and-loft a note, I believe, mem, for Miss Eastlake. Oh! to be sure, mem, there it is, just beside your hand." Half unconsciously, Madge snatch ed it up, the seal was broken ; she read forthwith DEAR RHODA-An urgent telegra c1 summons me to Barnsford. Ail things considered, I regret intensely being compelled to leave home today, though I shall probably be back in time to dine. Meanwhile, I know I may rely on your doing your best to keep all things square. See to the children and send for Dr. Mason, if needful. Open any letters that may come, for I expect a few lines of importance from my lawyer; if those arrive, telegraph contents to me at the Red Lion Hotel. I must catch the 8.30 train, and am reluctant to disturb you thus early after your exertions of last night, so forgive my leaving sans aeieus. " Yours, " HUMPHREY." Madge was white as death, and tremulous in every limb, as she re folded this hurried sarew. Through her dry lips at first no sound came but in a few moments she regained composure, and inquired calmly " Where is Stubbs, nurse? Send him up at once to me, please." " Stubbs, miss-memn, I mean," nurse corrected herself with some embarrassment. " Stubbs is gone over to Dr. Mason's; Miss Eastlake thought she would like him to see Miss Mabel belore he started on his rounds." " Oh I" said Madge, shortly, strange. ly, an indescribable sensation rising up coldly from her heart, threatening well-nigh to choke her; "and-and -Miss Eastlake, where is she ?" " Mayhap in the kitehing, mem. I heard her say as 'ow she'd like to see herself to Miss Mabel's mutton broth; or it may be in the droring room, for a lady called: to see you, mem, and Miss Eaetlake told oer kins to let her wait, as she'd be down stairs presently." " Ah ?" was all the young mistress answered ; then, without a word, she turned suddenly and left the room. "Them play-actings have taken it out o' the missus," nurse solilo quised, sagely, as she stirred the barley-water; " for I'm blessed if she don't look to-day for all the world like an angel's ghost ;" which phrase doubtless conveyed nurse's meaning accurately enough to her own ear, though it might have been well cal culated to bewilder any less sagacious listener. Half-an-hour later, Rhoda, having got rid of a tedious morning caller, repaired once more to her sister's room, to find Madge already flown. " Oh ! yes, the mistress had been up some time," Perkins answered; "she had breakfasted in her own apartment, and gone out towards the village for a stroll." This intelligence Rhoda considered antisfactory ; exercise and the fresh morning air might not improbably resiore the foolish young wife to aqua ,imity, . her sister reflected ; on her return she would take her forthwith seriously to ta4k, for there could be no doubt that Madge's conduct on the previo u" 'niht had been reprehen sible is the highest degree. Then Rhoda repaired to nursery domains, and whilst in deep conclave with nurse, respecting the children's noon-day meal, Perkins presented herself in a state of evident excite ment.. '" Sir Nugent N-il's own gentle man had ridlden over, if you please, wich this 'ere letter for the missus. It wur maked. ' urgent,' and ' irn mediate,' and the gentleman declared as how he wur on no ac'ount to leave without an answer, so the baronight said. Now what wur to be done miss, for the missus had stepped out ?" Whilst the girl babbled on in this incoherent fashion, Rhoda took the crested envelope :from her hand, and found it indeed marked as Perkins stated. After a moment's hesitation, Rhoda decided to break the seal, for that there could be any subject of correspondence between Nugent and her sister to which she might not be privy, was a notion which failed to present itself to Miss Eastlake's mind. The baronet's few lines ran as follows: "Madge, have you given due reflection to all that passed last night ? Will you unsay that bitter word which is always ringing wildly in my ears ? Why will you not consent to let me ensure our mutual happiness ? But if you indeed remain inexorable, my determination is irrevocably fixed. Failing a word, a line from you, I leave home within an hour,--England. before the night. Darling! whisper once again, the dulcet syllable which erewhile bound me as in silver chains securely to your aide-' Stay, Nugent, stay, I bid you stay,'-until my last hour, Madge, the memory of those words of yours will echo in my ears, as the sweetest melody on earth. I doubt, indeed, whether in the world beyond, the angels chant a more harmonious strain. Madge, I listen; whisper once againp,' £ugent, I wish it, stay!' else he who loves you better than life itself, will have turned his back on kindred, country, friends, before another sun shall rise upon this acoursed and wretched world. Madge ! I know that I shall not plead in vain; you will bid me stay." To convey any acourate notion of the horror, bewilderment, or amaze which possed Rhoda as she glanced rapidly over these frenzied lines is altogether beyond the power of my pen. Self-possession did not alto gether desert her, however, for even in that moment of amaze too great for words, she was yet mindful that the argus-eyed domestio was regarding her curiously, enquiringly, and would not fail to place her own construction upon any agitation Rhoda might betray. o, refolding the note with fingers trembling, cold, Rhoda replaced .it calmly in its envelope, and although her face was livid, her very lips blanch ed, she regarded Perkins steaddly. " Tell the-groom," she said in tones of well simulated indifference, " that in the absence of Mrs. Holme, Miss Eastlake has opened the bar" ne:'d letter, and will hand it to her sister in due course." And not until the clatter of the horse's departing hoofs upon the gra?-1 walk beneath the window ap prised Rhoda that her message had bele duly ddlivered, Sir Nugent's e-mi- sary gone, did she realise the full meaning of all that had happen ed, or the terrible significrance for thos- she held mostdear of the oo currence of the last few minutes. Here, then she held at length the clue to Madge's strange demeanour of the past few weeks, to her unpar donable conduct of the previous night, to her extraordinary behaviour of this morning; the letter within her pock et, alas! surely meant misohief tor Humphrey, degradation for Madge, wretchedness for - Rloda's slf. The two beings moet dear to her on earth, to ensure whose happiness this de voted sister would unmurmuringly have offered up the sacrifice of her whole life'shappiness, were evidently destined for wretchedness and suffer ing the most acute. What unutterable woe and bitter ness would be proud, stern, high minded Humphrey's portion; should he ultimately recognise the unworthi ness of the wife -he idolised-the woman he had endowed, not only with all his worldly goods and chat tele, but likewise with that which he prized incalculably more-his time honoured, spotless name. SAs this reflection crossed her mind, Rhoda covered her fair face with her trembling fingers and burst into a flood of passionate, heart. broken, and most unselfish tears. UCHAPTER XIII. SEXPLANATIONB. " Madge! where are you going.? Stay-stay one moment ;I--I wish to speak to you." -" You are very kind, vastly good. Unfortunately, however, I do not re ciprocate your sentiments. Let me pass,- Rhoda ; I wish-to go to my own room." " Not until you have heard, me, Madge;" and, with a suddennees of resolve which surprised herself, Rhoda slipped- past her sister to the door, and turning the look, placed the key in her own pocket. It was in the pretty morning-room this dialogue took place - the morning-room where Rhoda had take up her station to watch for her sister's return, and where, eventually, she had been surprised by Madge's stepping in at theopen window, and endeavouriing to pass through the r?om, without even the exchange. of conventional morning greetings. " A prisoner in my own breakfast room! Well, in truth, I am hardly justified in expressing surprise. I await your pleastire, Miss Eastlake, release me when you will;" and, white ~with the rage of passion sup pressed, Madge threw herself down upon a low chair, and fixedly regard ed hersister. "'Madge, in Heaven's name, what does all this mean ? Have your senses utterly deserted ydu? After. your unreasonable and inexcusable behaviour last night, what induced you to leave the house this ;.morning without evien seeing me ? " (To'be continued/ 