A GHOST IN AFRICA. Cn the fifth day of our march from Iendwa I was, as usual, considerably in front of my men, who with their loads were not able to walk so fast as myself. Tbe sky threatened a storm, which made me hasten to reach Pamlilo. On approaching the village nobody was to be seen, the natives being either out in the field or in their 4i»uses- out of the rain. The stockade pre sented a rather uninviting appearance, being ornamented with a few hundred human skulls in -all conditions, from the freshly stuck-up head to the bleached cranium, and all apparently snapping their jaws at the thought of a new companion as the wind wheeled them backward and for ward. How ever, the rain was falling fast, and there was no use of being squeamish. So into the village I marched unnoticed, and, finding out a hut with a broad overhanging eaves, I took refuge out of sight, waiting till my men came forward, in order that I might appear with appropriate pomp. I had been thus ensconced nearly ten minutes when suddenly the stillness of the village was broken by a loud, peculiar shout. This was almost immediately taken up from every quarter of the villnge until every stone seemed to yell out the strange cry. Drums added to the uproar, while women screamed, and the men were seen to hurry towards the gates, shouting and brandishing their spears. I was very much astonished at this, but, supposing it was simply'the fashionable mode of receiving a caravan, I remained still, expecting my men every minute. However, the uproar continued without abatement, and my men did hot appear. Thinking there must be something wrong, I emerged from my cover. To my surprise I found the gates closed, and the stockade and crow's nests manned by an excited multitude brandishing their spears at some apparent enemy outside. It instantly flashed upon me that I was a prisoner, and cut off from my men. My presence in the village was evidently un known, for, on my appearance among them, every voice was silent, and the once excited multitude seemed to have become paralysed with fear. I was supposed to be a ghost. Seeing this, I recovered my presence of mind, and striking an attitude'like Hamlet's ghost, I moved, forward with slow deliberate steps and a severe expression of face. At each step the warriors recoiled. Struck with awe, they looked at me with staring eyes and open mouths in breathless silence. This was too much for me, and unable to keep up the character, I burst out with an irrepresible roar of laughter. The effect of the laugh was tremendous. The amazed savages recoiled still further, leaving the gate free. With a bound I reached it, and they could recover their senses it was open, and I was outside, to the unbounded joy of my men, who were trembling for my safety. —Good\Words. u Why, Polly,' said her mother, ' what a time you've been ! Where is the cotton that I sent you for ?' Polly (who had lost the money) — ' You shouldn't send little things like me to buy cotton.' The Husband. — 'Are you the tax col lector for this ward,' he asked, as they rode on the platform of the car. ' No.' ' As sessor ?' ' No.' ' Waterworks man ?' ' No.' ' Anything to do with the census ?' ' Nothing of tbe sort. Why do you ask ?' '?? Why, I saw you coming out of a house on Sproat-street the other day with two chairs, a broom, and an ottoman flying after you, and I said to myself that you were an official or agent of some sort, and had unin tentionally offended the woman.' ' No, I'm no official or agent,' replied the man in a 'lonesome voice. 'Hive there, and that woman was my -wife. Savey ?' ' You bet !' was the sympathetic response, and they crept closer together and took a pinch from the same box. A tramp, in stage parlance, is a walking gentleman. ? 