THE SMALL SETTLER AND THE MINISTRY. The result of the election atToovroomba onFriday week ought to afford asuffieient proof to Ministers of the unpopularity, in all the more important centres of papulation in the colony, of the policy they are pursuing. What happened at Toowoomba. woulcl undoubtedly happen in any other populous constituency at present represented, or assumedto be represented, in the Assembly by sup porters of the Ministry, with the ex ception, perhaps, of Mackay, where the " mean whites" are in a minority on the electoral roll and ■' the employers of Polynesians are the all-powerful aristo cracy. The public opinion of a district ■o exceptional is not to be taken into account in summing up the general opinion of ' the colony. At the late election at Maryborough the Liberals were in a majority, and the result would have been the same as at Toowoomba last week, only at Mary borough they allowed their forces to be divided. Mr. Sublet, either intention ally and deliberately, as many believe, or unintentionally, as is asserted by the other side, played into the hands of the squatting party in the most effective manner by dividing the Liberal vote just enough to secure the Ministerial candidate a majority. There was no ghost of achanceof Mr.HuBLEr being elected, as he must have known full well from the very first, and there was very little chance of any Government sup porter getting elected while the Liberals were undivided, so Mr. HtrntET stepped in and divided them. As it was, the majority for the Government candidate was a very narrow sne indeed. Cer tainly nothing for the party to boast of, except the very clever manner in which' the minority on that occasion succeeded in gaining a' victory over the majority. If an ejection were to take place next week in any populous southern con stituency, the Miuiatry know very, well they would stand no chance of a sup porter being returned. Aubigny, North Brisbane, Bulimba, Passifern, Stanley, and "Wide Bay would not again be re presented by men who Bhowed the slightest leaning to the squatting party under ,Mr." M'Ilwbaith. And some of the northern centres of popu lation would be equally decided. Cook, for instance,'as. Ministers well know, would return the bitterest of opponents they could find,. so long as the candidates were sufficiently ac quainted: with. Northern requirements and sufficiently imbued with Northern feeling to inspire confidence in the electors. The Liberal victory , in Drayton and Toowoomba was the more remarkable because the Hon. James Tayloe is a man of very considerable influence in the electorate, and personally he is popular. He takes, and always has taken, a lively interest in local affairs, and has contributed liberally to all local institu tions, in Bpite of a character he .has for looking tolerably sharp after his own interests generally. If personal feeling and'influence could have won the elec tion Mr. Tayloe would have been at the head of the poll without doubt. Moreover, he had the undivided support of the Roman Catholics of the district, who comprise a numerically large section of the voters in that electorate. But he had opposed to him the bulk of the small settlers, not belonging to that church, and of the Germans, who are almost all small settlers. These men veted for Mr. Aland, for very good and substan tial political reasons. Persons who are beaten in an election contest seldom care to openly and candidly acknow ledge tbo- true cause of their defeat. It has been • so in the present case.. The Germans are said: "to have voted for Mr. Aland through some- foolish words uttered by Mr. Moeehead against them in the As sembly three or four years ago,, and because last session Mr. Perktnb affirmed that Borne of the Queensland wine, was little better than "hogwash." The Germans are far too sensible to be influenced by any such paltry consider ations. There was no need for them to have been bo influenced. If Mr. Moeehead had never uttered one word in their dis paragement, and the Minister for Lands had Bpoken only in high commendation of Queensland wine—good, bad, and in different—the German small .settlers, like the small, settlers of every other nationality, would still, have had abundant justification for voting as they did. Actions speak louder than words, and every important act of the M'Il-wbaith; Ministry, from the time it entered office to the .pre sent:, has;'been antagonistic -to the class to which they belong,. and; for the benefit of the class above them. The' great pastoral lessee, the owner of; .an enormous sugar plantation who em ploys Polynesian labourers only,' if he can possibly avoid employing Europeans' -these are the people which the pre sent Ministry has been legislating for, and administering the public estate to. encourage and enrich, while the agricul turist on a limited scale, the selector of two or three hundred acres only, the tradesman and artizan have been dis couraged with n corresponding uni formity in all the Ministry have done, or omitted to do. The present Ministry were gazetted on the 21st of January, 1879—just two years ago—and from' that date to the present no one cam point to a single thing: which that Ministry has done, or attempted to do, to encourage the small settler and [ make his task easier for him, either di rectly or indirectly; but a very consider-, able number of instances could be pointed out in which his interests have been sacrificed for those of the squatter, the big speculator, and the wealthy land owner. Germans have not been treated anv worse than the men of other nationalities occupying the same social level. They have all been made to feel that the present Ministry have'no sym-: patby with them, do not want to encourage them, and • only tola-' rate their. presence in '. the colony because they.;assist to pay the taxes and it would ibe dangerous to manifest too active and open an hostility - to them. Immigration from Germany has been absolutely stopped, in order , to prevent any.,more of. .that nationality from coming to the colony. Emigration from England and Scotland has been reduced to the most insignificant pro portions, and although a large majority of the immigrants now being sent out are from Ireland, still the total number is smaller than at any other period in the history' of the colony, except for a very short time, under a former squat ting Ministry, when immigration was stopped : altogether. The only -Act passed ,by the Min istry, 1 4'r®ctly ...affecting,the . small settlers. "of the colony;- has; been the Divisional Boards Act, by which they have' been made to. contribute a portion of the 'cost for the maintenance of the roads, and bridges in their neigh bourhood: To balance this the colony has been run into debt three millions sterling, the bulk of which money is to be employed to construct the trunk lines of railway sufficiently near to the great pastoral districts of the interior to make it worth the while_-p£-specula tors to take up the extension ana com: pletion of these lines. . And the colony has been burdened for eight years with an annual payment of £60,000 for a steam service via Torres Straits, .the chief advantage of which will be the conveyance of squatters' frozen meat to Europe. The small settlers' know full well that they will be made to bear the principal share . of the burden • of these expenses, because the party now in power will not allow their, own class to.be loaded with them in any thing like proportion to the profit, they will reap from the carrying out of these undertakings; The German settlerB know all this quite as well as the English and Scotch settlers know it. They are made to feel it in a very direct manner, and tbey are not at all certain as yet what additional burdens may be laid upon their shoulder's, before the Ministry retire from office. Under these circumstances it is not to be wondered at that they vote against any supporter of thei Ministry . whenever tbey. have the chance, no matter how popular he may be personally.- •' 