A DARKH S'T')I'RY. OIAPTER XXXIV. ,,you vain't got a civil word to say to me, IMrs. Murdoch," heo said; "but the wheel of fortin doesn't always stand still, and those who are down to-day may be 'igh up to.morror. "As high up as the gallows, perhaops I Noew, what's your business with me ?" " Well, it isn't much of a business. It's fast of all to say that the guv'nor and guv' ,,ness will bo hero in a brace of shakes ; and then it's Mrs. Prudence as wants to know -she's awful perlite is Mrs. Prudence-if I ohall assist you in cording up your boxes ? " The woman looked at him steadily. "Cording up I You interest yourself in that kind of thing, do you, Mr. Bradley ? I can dispense with your help, but when yeu time for 'cording-up' comes, it will not be done without an assistant. Have you anything more to say to me ? " The man frowned at first, then put out hIis two murderous hands apologetically. "Come, missus," he whimpered (and with Powder Blue it was always a whine or a growl), "you've no call to be so hard upon n; 'uman natur' has its limits, and 'uman natur' can't stand it" (doggedly). " You're one of them sort o' folk who can't rec.ogniso a gen'lbman when you see him." "I don't know; I must first see him. But as nothing of the hind happens tobe hero at present, confine yourself to your duties. Have you any other business with me ? " "Only a letter," and he flung it down. "You ain't grateful, you ain't. If I'd have gien it to MIrs. Prudence first, she'd have sopened it. It's worth something, I should think, to sometimes get one's correspond ince fresh." The woman shrugged her shoulders. " Youn're but a poor knruavo, after all," sihe mutterod; then taking her hand from her pocket, " that's a shilling." The follow clutched it as he would have clutched anything of a markltetablo.value. "Anythinkl to be done forit ? " " Yes ; take yourself off." ir. Bradley-who wore the Windlestraw livery, oficiating as porter to that estab lishlment-tossed the shilling high in the air, caught it, gave it a polish with Iris sleeve, spat on it for luck, and consigned it to his pocket. "Iboars you no malice," he said, as he slhambled towards the door: " there is lots in this world as is .better than you, and lots as is wus. If you wants a hand with your trsuk, I'll be within hail to work out the shillin'." HIe had nearly reachled the' door: when, as moved by some sudden thought, the woman called him to stop. " Give me a truthful answer to a· plain question, and I'll add half-a-crown to that shilling." "Will yer 1 I'll answer anythink as is safe to be answered. A chap isn't obligated by law to commit himself, you know. " "No; the law usually saves him that trouble," said the matron,' drily. "You were one of those who pursued and brought back the doctor's patient, Miss Mary, a day or two ago ? " Powder Blue sniffed violently, and threw up his eyes. "Poor demented thing I If any harm had come to her, I'd never have forgiven myself--the pretty 'eretur - a-wanderin' over the country by herself." The matron looked at him with ineffable scorn ) then said, "and now for my ques tion arid your half-crown I TWherodid you find Miss Mary? " "Eh ? " and Poideir'Bluo placed a, hqnd. against one of his 'oears. "Eh ?. I didn't quite 'catch wh:a yodi said. .This 'ere 'Vindlestraw is so full of draughts that I'm 'ard of 'earing."' "I askled you;" suid the woman, 'om phasising her words,~ nd placing the half crown on the tableso that the fellow's greedy eyes miglit .rest upon it; "in what place, where and how1,ldid you discover Miss has ry?" Whether .the reply would. have been toruth or falsehood, it is impossible to say; bunt a 'sound of :isoftly treading feet was heard in the passae ':approaching the door, and bothl matron and man were on their guard in a moment. The approaching footsteps woere those of Dr. BaIlm and the wife of his .bosom and head of the establishment. Prompt in action, Mr. Joseph. Bradley swept the'half-crown from the table and thlust it?into his poolite, with a wink and a grm. . . "We'll talk the matter over some other time," he said; "but' advance 'payments is my motter; besidesi, itiwill keep you in my mind. Meanwhile, you'd better question tho guv'nor or the guv'ness-p'raps they'll hanswer you for nothink."'. And with anothlier grin thio rascal took himself out of the room, standing awido for a moment, and resipectfully knuukling his low forehead as the"Dr. and Mrs, Balm entered. "You here, Bradley ? May I ask, with out being itoo inquisitive, upon what er rand?"U r'ld. ? " ' "He brdfought me a lottee,:and has been overpaid for his trouble." It was Jane Murdoch who answered, coldly and defiantly, for she had caught a glimpse of a diminutive figure hovering hbout the threshold of .theo: door without entering,. and know that figure to bo that of Mrs. Prudence Oatt: "Usa il'ha I-jst so i just Bo I" said the docter. ."You .have an extensive-or perhaps varied would be the most correct term-correspondnence,' Mrsz Murdoch." Whoever told you so, told you a lie: This letter," taling it up as.ahe spoke, "is til first I've received for I don't know how long," . " " May I ask from whomi'' We should be all one family at Windlostriaw" "I 'don't linuorwiyself as yet; .tho.writing of tile adldress is strange to me; but when I kllow the contents I shall be better able to itlgeo as to the propariety of communicating them to others.' * : , : . Still cold and harsh, 'her eyes travelling beyond the doctor and his wife, seeking the loroing figure staniding out there in the gloom. . " Quite right 1 quite right I If you have manrled out such a course of action, such a "ln of conduct, stick to it, Mrs. Murdoch, sticli to it; but you will pardon me if I say, it exhibits a want of confidence; and a want of confidence cannot be tolerated in Wiudlestraw House." The doctor drew a long breath and glanced at his wife. "I think I echo your sentiments in that, my dear." The " little dot of a woman," as she loved to call herself, raised her drooping eyelids, from beneath which she had been attentively scrutinizing the matron, and replied, with a slight shiver and shrug of the shoulders, "in every way without confidence life has lost its bloom and friendship is impossible. I emphasize the word friendship because I had hoped that beneath this roof, no matter the difference in station, there was nothing but friendship, and, if I may use the term without impropriety, love." " Beautifully expressed I" said the doctor. It was really a sight worth seeing, those two pattern humbugs smirking at each other and keeping up for ever and ever the same false talk, as though they really believed in it. Five years had worked no very perceptible change in the doctor and his wife. Viewed as works of art, and there was no other way to view them, they woere perfection, each inroad of time being constantly and quicldly repaired. The" doctor was, as when we first saw 1-im, soft in utterance, bland of nnnpnfm; n.na in exquisite " trim " from his well-ordered wig to his well-polished boots. Eis wife was a gushing woman of fifty, as she had boon a gushing woman of forty-five; and, so strong in hlabit, it is pretty certain she will continue to gush whlile a sufficient amonut of breath is allotted her. She was, despite her years, just as butterfly-like and gauzy, only her toilette took longer, much longer--?the cracks in the picture required a careful filling up, and the crow's feet were hard to hide. "Had we not better come to business, Septimus ? " " My dearest, for what else are we here ? Mrs. Murdoch "-and the doctor waved his small fat hands with much urbanity in that person's direction? -" this is a world of sorrow-a world of comings here and goings there--a world of meetings and of partings I! Sooner or later we must all obey the universal rule; to-morrow it may be my turn, to-day it is yours- decidedly yours. We must part." ' The woman looked him fixedly in the face; but no amount of staring could greatly affect the doctor; and as for his wife, she might have returned glance for glance with the head of Medusa and come off victorious. " You mean I am dismissed ? " "Well-um ! hal-your services are no longer required hero; but previous services will not be forgotten." ".Certainly not I " from the doctor's wife. " In this world let us labour to be just; and even when the fault has been great lot us, as the poet somewhere beautifuilly expresses it, 'when justice is to do the cooking on no account forget the seasoning of mercy.'" "Was it my' fault," said the woman, doggedly, still eyeing the two before her, but ever thoughtful of the third party outside the door-" was it' my fault if Miss Mary found the lodge-gate open and wandered. out beyond? She was not given into my special care, but into that of the London woman, whose duty it'was to watch her as a cat does a mouse." . The doctor was not angry, .neither was the doctor's wife; but they were pained, hurt, and shook their heads reprbachfully.. " Your. simile is not a happy one; the feline quadruped you have just mentioned watches to torture, irritate, .and, alas I sometimes to kill. 'The chain of destruction. is a vast one-a chain with many links, commencing with man and Krupp's cannon, and ending, let us say, with a cat and a mouse. , In Windlestraw House-and no one js more. fully aware of that fact than yourself- there.is one law above every other law, the law of kindness."' ; ' The matron? was silent. The doctor, who seemed to,. like the savour, of 'his speech, went on. .. , ' , . "By a neglect of yours--for it was a neglect of yours-this dear child, entrusted in her. sad. affliction to our care, has been exposed to, all sorts of danger-' the bird .with unpruned wing,' as the poet says; and but for the prompt action of affection-the \--the swiftness of .pursuit, this .pooryoung 'lady,'' - and with one plump 'finger he significantly touched his shining forehead -"might be even" now a Wanderer - a friendless wandere'r over the face of the earth." . " When do I leave ? " " At once." It was now the doctor's wife who spoke. " In matters of this kind when confidence is destroyed all is destroyed. Of late," and the little woman's tone grow more and more harsh as she continued - no, not altogether harsh, but a metallic tone as full of cruelty as coldness-" your manners, your conduct, have undergone a change. You have become careless of your duties." The woman addressed shook her head. "You have exhibited symptoms of jealousy respecting the superior position given .to " Stop I"-and the gesture on the piart~ of Mrs. _Murdoch was so 'unexpectedly passionate that Mrs. Balm abruptly held her tongue-" stop I We've bcon together long enough to know each other by this time.", " I trust so," sighed tlih doctor. "I know,' oolitinued.the: woman, "I have received my wage~"' ad I havoe-done my duty; but that I, Iaieo Murdoch, should be st over by tlhat' red-cyed, sueaking, crawling; spyingLondoner"-Mrs. Murdocli had again seen the shadowry little figure in the gloom-" is not' within thoe pbssiblesl Why;, rather than consort wi' her I'd take a toad for a bodfellow or wnrri a fresh- caught ferret wi' my bairo hand I " There was a momentaniy silence, and again the doctr' s wife spoke. " Quanorels are:best avoided, and we have no wish to quarrel Mildness at all times is better than anger." "Ethereal mildness I" murmured the doctor-and he lihghtly lissed the finger-tips of one hand-"blissful peace! 'What can be more peaceful than peace? The poots know everything." "You leave Windlestraw at once. ifoin wages wore, I believe, paid to younby: BIs.: Prudence yesterday. It is the dootor's'wish and mine that we part friends." She took from her pocket a little portemonnaio as she spoke. "Here is a ten-pound note. Accept it as a gift from the doctor and myself." "And anythling we can do," put in the irropressible doctor, " in the shape of "eforences, charactr, you know, will be cheerfully rendered. Doctor Balm of Wiudlestraw House carries weigh~t, BMrs. Murdoch; and either by word of mouth or in an epistolatory form a recommendation will be forthleoming." If we were writing a romance we should doubtless describe the suddenly-dismissed woman orumpling up the proffered note and casting it back at the feeoot of the donor; but our story is one of fact, not fiction, andMrs. Murdooeh, being extremely matter-of-fact, did nothing of the hind. On the contrary, after carefully investigating the crisp white note, she folded it up and placed it in her bosom, but not in her pock-book, in which the stolen documents were lying. This done, she ourtseyed, and, without an 'atom of anger either in her voice or countenance, said quietly, "our intoerview being over, I suppose I may see to packing up my t?ings ?" " The sooner the better," said the doctor, mournfully, "since we cannot be as we wero, Mrs. Murdoch. If Ilose confidence in those about me I sicken, I lose appetite and sleep-' sleep tllat knits up the ravell'd sleeve of care,'-and am, in short, unhappy. If confidence is lost in me " " There are my keys, ma'am I " and the matron, putting a sudden stop to the doctor's heroics, placed them on the table. " It is for you or that London woman to examine my boxes." Mrs. Balm did please, and with a quiet " thank you," took them up, and without another word she and the doctor filed out of the room. 5ITAPTER XXXV. After satisfying herself that the proprietors of the great Windlestraw establishment had really taken their departure, together with hler bete noir, or rather bets rouge, the terrible old woman from London, Mrs. Murdoch closed her door, locked it, and, with a face which had lost much of its previous calmness, came back to the table. " Turned out like a dog .I'll work heaven and earth to have my revenge for this I I've got the clue to something, if I only knew how to set about it-how to follow it up. As yet I'm all in a maze." She had mechanically placed her hand to her pocket and now drew it away, holding the letter which Power Blue had brought her. Turning it over several times in her hands, she examined and re-examined the writing of the address. It was admirably well written-like, as the phrase goes, copper- plate. "I know of no one who writes a hand like that-not even the minister. Who can it come from ? " After more puzzling - for a piece of writing was a rare thing for Mrs. Murdoeh to receive-it occurred to her that she might as well open it as the speediest way of solving the riddle. She did so, glanced at the enclosure, turned deadly pale, and plumped down in a chair. "It's from Nancy I " It was from Nancy Mlurdoch, her daughter, best known to the reader and a certain portion of the public as Totty Fay. The letter also contained her photograph-not one of those which crowded the London shop - windows, representing Totty peering, through the sticks of a fan or clad in peculiarly 'scant garments, sitting on the back of a.chair or leering out of a hamper with thie lid half raised, but in humble peasant attire, which shel had borrowed from the wardrobe-lkeeper of the Royal Ohickabiddy Theatre for the purpose. The letter Was horribly written-horribly spelt. The outside was the work of the Royal Chickabiddy copyist. It was obvious that the pocket Venus was. painfully in want of a pocket dictionary; but, as she would often say in her jolly, dare-' devil way, when speaking. to the "gentlemen" who did the burlesques and songs for the Ohiclabiddy, "literature ain't my forte. Some arc all head; I'm all legs and feet." And certainly Totty's forte proved more profitable than the other. The letter commenced as follows : MY DEfl, DoEn MUnsen, "If you can look upon thin righting of this your very miserable daughter" (Mrs. Murdoch could do so, and the hanrd, gray eyes could weep over it, too) " and read it" (this was a matter far moro difficult) "you will see that i am very sorry for all the things I have done to vex you and do myself no good, witch is a grate pity. but i am wrightly served and now 'Snd out the troth of your old maximum that the woman who believes in man is sure to done. and theo' I hev' made a grate roppotation and my portruts are often in the winders next to the prints of Whalos and the harshbishop of Canterborry I am not inclined to be dun without makin him repent it. and i WlLL I Muther I it was only on his solcmnised promis to make mo his wedded lady that I left my homo. I had it all in wrighteu or I would neverhos' bemoaned myself to'go. and now he has basoly deserted mo an wue than that, before he wont he forced the look of my desk and burnt up his promis I with those words writton, 'You doubted the warmth, of my love see the ashes.' Oh I Mutherl i am nearly mad I. prey I prey I pardon and forgive yur now eincerely penitant Nancy; had sir Filip Weitworth's promis hosen kep you might have now a bohrn lady for your. daughter, but I may punish him yet. Ihave got a young man I'kiloavvho is fond of theatricals, and is name is Mr. Tom Brompton, closely connected with the law, to look over sum other papers of that scoundril Filip and .Mr. Brompton says I've a case. Oh I pleese dear muther pardon me without delay or wasete of time and come up and see Tom and me that jestic may be done mo, 'cund both of us be hapy in our old ago. I nbw brake off havin' a new song to learn ind my weakoly earnings to hurnm so plcese excuso bad spellin ~nd grSam'r. I have been cryin for the last two days and feel as stalo as a bottle of 'fiz ' left open all night. M ister Brompton says you dighter come at once; and Tom nose overything about Iaw and lawyers-and his master-as is so clover that ovorybody says hbo'll be Lord Chancellor one day if he only has the luck.l. I enclose address, and shlan't stop cryingoexcept when I'm singing till i see you. "Your alwaoys affected daughter, "NANoY. " Sir Filip is goin to get maunied-ho's a sesT 1 " So finished the letter. A very ludicrous one to us, but not to the girl's mother, whose heart, cold as it was to others, hungered to once more embrace holer child. But then the numo--Sir Philip Woelit worth-the name of the man branded by his father as a profligato and impostor in the papers lseo carried.in her pocket-book. Revengo is sweet I Had she hit upon the right cluos--a question'only to be enswored in London. That afternoon saw Mrs. Jane Murdooh on her way to the great motropolis, CHIAPTER XXX]VI. Once more Wontwortll Abbey is alive with the tread of many feat and the olamour of many voices. Its presont owner, Sir Philip Wentworth, has arrived, summoned thither in hot haste by a telegram from the steward, Dariknoll. A similar summons has brought Mr. and MIrs. Rookwood down, together with the now well-to-do Dr. Malyon. Servants follow in their train, and the heart'of the almost dead house begins to pulsate withll a feverish life. Over all there hangs not only tho shadow of a fear, but an absolute panio. Gortrude Wentworth has again disap peared from Windlestraw-this time it is feared assisted by a nurse of the establish ment, one Jane Murdoch. Both it was supposed woro somoewhere in London. When the news reached him even the cynical Dr. Malyon was much disturbed. He was only half a cynic-now however having something to lose-a matter which makes all the difference. Roolwood was furious; oven his wife, strong-nerved as she was, kopt out of his way as he raved about tie house. He felt that unless a re-capture conld be managed at once that a storm was brewing-a storm that might sweep them all before it. Diana stayed near Sir Philip, trying to tame l?er wild heat to his by no means loving hand. As for the Baronet himself, ho was mad with terror; and but for his smother on the one side and the steward on the other would have collapsed then and tbhere. A pleasant family party, truly, and a most harmonious one I BuDt there is still another disappearance to chronicle. Mrs. Bleeokl, the gray shadow that had haunted the old abbey for so many years, was gone I Yes; one early morning she had flitted away, leaving no trace but what was af forded by the Dripsey Bridge station-master, who, an old inhabitant of Dripsey, had been as much astonished at sight of the house keeper as though a bond-fide ghost had presented itself at his wicket and demanded a ticket for Hadcs. A young man who had come down from London the previous night accompanied her; andil though he took tickets for an intermediate station, the station-master, from what he acoidentally oaught from the old lady, was sure both Were hound for the great metropolis. Mrs. Bleek in London I-on what possible errand .? How Benjamin Darklmoll cursed the sharp eyes and ears of the lad who, sceptical of ghosts, had been preseht on that terrible night, when the poor travel-stained, rain drenched figure had passed them at the gate and glided into the house to huddle and crouch over the fire, murmuring strange words the while I And he Everard Corbott's clerk too I "Fool l mad fool that I was I " and the old man beat his hands together with an impotent passion-" to have allowed such a dog to have placed a foot beneath this roof I " "Come, come," said the doctor, as,. a council of war having been called, he opened the proceedings by brewing for himself a stiff tumbler of punch. " The danger is not so great. Suppose.an accus ation-nwhero are the proofs? Two mad people and a lawyer's clerk, anxious to got up a case, ioila tot." " They dare not accuse till there has beoh an inquiry," said Rookwood; then, with his unpleasant, jeering laugh,'"no evidence to be found in the vaults, oh, Daddy ? " The steward, who was strangely pre ooecupied, looked quietly up. "No, no; dust and ashes l--dust and ashes I--no fear of discovery there." "And the other coffin? " asked Diana Rookwood, in her sharp, abrupt way; "will that bear examination ? " " Yes." ""Then what have we to fear ?" said the doctor gaily, conaocting another jorum of punch. "Everything," replied Bockwood, "if the two women-nurse and patient-have found out Everard Corbett, as it is a hundred to one they will do. He's the sharpest of the sharp-one of the most rising men at the bar-will be attorney-general one day. Your drugs may be powerful, doctor, and they have proved themselves so; but do you think a lover's eyes will fail to recognise the object of his adoration ? " "Not after five years," .put in Diana, dryly. " Then, for further evidence," the lawyer went on, without recognising the interrup tion, " Tom Brompton's a sharp follow, out his oye-teeth against hard crusts, and they've grown wonderfully. The old woman, his grandmother, is dazed, walks about with her head in a fog; but that scarcely amounts to madness-eh, doctor ? The fog may clear. Why, let me see, wasn't it old Parr who gave evidence upon some trial when' he was a hundred and thirty years old or thereabouts ? " "Don't talk nonsense l" said Malyon. " The first thing for us to do is to get the gihl back into our custody." His face darkened with a very evil expression as he added, " you may leave me to do the rest." Then there followed a silence of some minutes. . • Each had the same thought, and each was pursuing it in his or her own way. Very stern and hard were the faces of three of the men; no loss stern the face of the woman. The weak creaturo for whom so much had been done, alone sut trembling in his chair. " I'm not up to poverty," he had whim pered out a short time previously to his mother, "It's a razor-baokedi horse that I couldn't cross nohow. A gentleman is always a gentleman, and my worst enemies can't say but what I've done the slap-up thing, and made the money spin as a gentleman should do. If I break now, I'm done for over." And they-Diana Rockwood and' old Daddy Darknoll- comforted him as behost they could, and in the depth of their love made every allowance for this creature whoso blood was theirs. r" Fdom whom did,you first learn of this second flight?" asked Ioolkwood of tho steoward. "From Mrs. Prudenouco. It seeooms, on its first discovery, the doctor and his wifo had departed in hot hasto to London, having, they thought, some clue to the fugitives." "I still maintain," said Malyon, "that thoro is no ground for all this fear, and that to give way to anything in the shape of panio "-here he glanced at Sir Philip "would be to invite suspicion and bring ruin upon all." " There was a timo when we might have placed matters so that we should have been beyond all fear. IHad that coffin-lid never booeen removed, then one only would have suffered, as it was but right she should suffer, for the beonofit of all." A woman, Diana Rockwood, spoko these words; but thoro was no mistaking their terrible significance. There was a fierce contempt in her tone as she glanced around, looking with angry, scornful eyes into tlhe troubled faces of her companions in orime. "Had you been guided by me, thlere would have boon no such danger as menaces us now. If that girl should recover her reason-" "Which would be little short of a miracle," said the doctor. " Miracles have been worled before now," retorted Diana. "If, I say, she recovers her reason, in what position shall we then stand ? Sho must be retaken at all hazards -at every hazard." All weore agreed upon this point. Malyon and Rockwood were prepared to start for London at once. "I," continued Diana, "will myself go to Windlestraw, and learn from. Mrs. Pru dence's own lips all that has occurred. AhI " she added with iS sigh, "we oacted like fools from the first, entrusting so many I " " I have told you that I can answer for the man Bradley," said her husband, as he sat gloomily trimming his finger-nails. "And I can do the same by Mrs. Pr? dence Catt;" put in MIalyon. "A woman of eccentric notions and habits, but-her word, once pledged, perfectly reliable." "We've more to dread fromtho weakness of the principals than the treachery of the subordinates;" and the lawyer, with the same gloom upon his face, glanced at Sir Philip, who was, in his restless, shiftless way, pacing the room. "If you mean me by any of your con founded sneers, Rockwood," he burst out savagely, "why haven't you the pluck to say so outright ? " "I do mean you "-and the lawyer rose to his feet. "But for your profligacy and folly-but for your cowardice and-" " Clome, come 1" And the old steward hurriedly interposed. "For every one's sake, let there be no quarrelling. Philip means well-he always meant well." "I'll not be bullied by any one," said the baronet, blustering; "especially under m~y own roof." "Your roof I" laughed the lawyer. "Why but for my money when your father turned you adrift, your roof would have been that of the p~arish workhouse. A dog-kennel, as regards property of your own, was then beyond your reach I " "It's a lie l You first lured me into every sort of extravagance, and then, wheon a fellow was hard up and desperate, fur nished the means for more extravagance, but at what a price you Inow I But for you, things might have gone bettor with me-must have gone better-for, by Jove I they look bad enough now." "You ungrateful, ill-conditioned curl " cried Rookwood, making a stop towards the baronet, but pausing as Malyon laid a hand upon his arm. " The terms were all too easy. To buy a bracelet for some painted creature who laughed at you and despised you as you clasped it on-to pay some debt of' honour ' to a billiard- sharping lord, who patronised while he swindled. you-you would come grovelling to my feet; nay, to gain an extra few hundreds, would have fallen on your knees and licked my boots had I permitted it. You a gentleman I Phaugh I " White with rage, Sir Philip, but for Dark noll and his mother, would have made a rush on the lawyer, who, laughing in his jangling, odd way, snapped his fingers with contempt unspeakable. " Matthew,"-this from his wife,-" are you mad ? " "Keep your temper, Rookwood," said Malyon, his hand still firmly grasping the lawyer's arm. "No good got by falling out." " No; but much harm may come of it," said Darmknoll, who, at the very gesture of menace on the part of Rockwood, had thrown his deformed figure in front of Philip, and now, his black, bead-like eyes flashing hate, stood scowling at the lawyer. A knock outside the door of the room, and as by a stroteo 0± magio all was changed. Malyou withdrew his hand from the lawyer's arm, and the lawyer plunged his hands deep down in his pockets and whistled. Sir Philip turned sulkily to the window, and his mother subsided into a chair. A servant enters, delivers a paper, and departs. A telegram from Windlestraw House from]Mrs. Prudence to Dr. Malyon. Bad news I It needed but one glance at Malyon's face to convince his fellow con spirators of that. No more thought of private quarrels as they gathered round him. There is no peacemaker like a general danger where unity alone is strength; This was the telegram, cautious and characteristic: Doctor nudl Mrs. B. have taken the bull by the horns. Their. first visit in London' was to Mr. Evorard Corbott. I have packed up my boxes. Do thoe same. The doctor's face grows white, the paper is dropping from his hand, when it is snatched by Rookkwood. All read it again and again, and conster nation reigns in Wentworth Abbey. CIIAhPTER XXXVII. It hadl not taken long for Januo Murdooh to make up her mind and decido upon a plan of action. Whileo Doctor and MIrs. Balm were taking their aftor-dinnor nap; while Mr. Joo Brad loy was drinking out a portion of the money of which he had so wrongfully poesossed himeolf at abeersehop (thero was no inn on Windlestraw Downe), situated .some mild or so from the house (he had left iMrs. Mur doch to look after cording her boxes); and while Mrs. Prudence Catt was busy in what the doctor called his laboratory, sorting herbs and compounding drugs-a labor of love with her-the discharged nurse sought Gortrudo Weontworth in her room. It was one of a suite of rooms remote from the other patients, which were kept now constantly locked, and of which Mrs. Prudence alone lhad the keys. That is to say, it was her belief elslo alone possessed them, the faEct being thalt a duplicate set reposed in the pooketo of the vindictive matron she had so thoroughly ousted out of her former position. It had been no difficulty for Mrs. Mur dooh, during one of her visits to the neigh bouring town of Cindervillo, to order these duplicates; and though at the time it was without any definite object, she had gone to the oxpense in the hope that something might turn up to onable hler to take a revenge upon the odious little woman with the sharp red eyes. With one of those keys she opened the room known to the establishment as Miss Mary's. Gertrude was not thoro, but as good fortune would have it, was wallking in the walled-in garden, with which her room, as well as the other rooms on this side, communicated. This garden had a small door loading out on to the downs, of which the matron had also a duplicate Icey. Her power over the poor gentle girl wis immense, and Gertrudo rendered a ready obedience to her command that she should follow her. Wrapping about her a large plaid cloak, Jano Murdoch opoliened the side door, and they set off together across the downs. A small cart, belonging to a friend of hers, a neighboring blacksmith, was in waiting with her boxes, to take her to the station. The blacksmith's son, a half-witted youth of the true chawbacon class, was to drive her. It mattered but little to him whom she brought, if the eart would hold them. He was to drive Mrs. Murdoch, and that was enough. Jano had already got through the cere mony-a very brief one-of leavo-talking with her fellow- servants, and it being known that she was out of favor, and leaving in disgrace, none had thought it worth while to go beyond the gates to say a second good-by to her. Ton minutes saw her at Windlostraw station, whero she took single tickets for Gertrude and herself to Cindervillo, a largo, populous, manufacturing town, in which she had relations, and from this place shs despatched a note to Dr. Balm; then, having' arranged a means of communication with her relatives, departed, together with Ger trudo, by a cross-country coach to another and more distant town, and then off to London direct. Her note to Dr. Balm was as follows: Honored Sir and Doctor,-I makeo' no comment upon the way I have been troted after so many years of faithful service. Providins hIas put it in' my power to do good to others, which, at all time, is a smffcint reward to me. Miss Mary is now with me, and I have pappers and dockiments to prove who she really is. O, sir 1-0, sir I how could you lend yourself to such black conspirings ? But truth is truth, and I its Ihumble instrument. If you causes us to be huc-and-ocriod, or by other means took, it will go hard with you and missis; we shall not be captivated alonoe I The pappers I have posted" (this was not true-only a rose on the part of Mrs. l~urdlochl) to a most clover lawyer, as will see right done, and in this world right is all we ast. If it cost me all my wago, Miss Mary shall have right done. You are a bad man, and so is misis, to have make so much of that foerruet-oyed dwarft after my faithful servis; but, as you will find, thero is justis for all. With dooty to madam, I am, honored sir and doctor, Yours respectful, to command, JalinE M?ImDoon.. (2'o be contilnued.) 