? THB FOREST Aife^ear Draeealic As-rcis* tioB, of Pailftcoiplrfit; TfiS plati^ "Venite ^Preserved." J. Z. Little ahd * jone*? man named, I tbink. White, asectrifcd de parts of ? Pierre aud Jaffler. In the last scene, ''' where both the conspirators die, Little had to give np the ghost first,which he did to the great s&tiEfaeliea; of the groundings, staggering all o?«r the place, and giving cocvRlsive gasps, etc., taking cere, however, to give his laet kiek in the exact centre of the stage. The other tragedian then eororaemced his ge-as- yon-piea«e walk around preparatory te shuffling off. It items that he also had made calculations to die on this desirable spot, and, finding himself baulked in this, he determined to fall as near the centre as possible. 4.3 the circle of White's staggering became smaller. Little became visibly uneasy. Ha bore it manfully, however, until White began to totter as if ready to drop. Then his courage left him, and, casting aside every regard for appearances, he electrified the audience by sitting p suddenly and erawling nearer to the whip", when he again laid himseif out. The other ineident occurred at M'Vieker's Theatre, Chicago, in those good old days when stock companies flourished, and the bill was changed weekly. This necessitated a great deal ef studying and hastily-goUenup costumes. I don't re member much about the plot of the play, except that a young girl, ' in love with the hero, disguised herself as a page, is order to follow him in a battle, where she is slain. On the first iaght Manager M'Viekcr, who was and is very particular about mattero of dress, discovered that the young woman wbo took the pait of the page had slippers on. " Dau't you knew any better than to wear slipper* on a field of battle ?" he demanded. She timidly replied that " she had had neither time scr money to get boots on such ehcrt notice." "Well, said M'Vickor, "you must borrow a pair, or do something, for I certainly shall not allow you to go on in those slippers." The poor girl was in despair, until the good-natured leading man, seeing her distress, tendered her the loan of a pair of top- boots, an offer which she gladly accepted, in lieu of nothing better. They were rather large, to be sure, but she managed to navigate in them pretty well, and things went on smoothly until the scene of her death. While she is lying de»d on the battle-field the hero and his servant meander in, and, discovering who she is, the former delivers a touching eulogy over her remains, and then orders his servant to take her off, while he indulges in an .effective soliloquy a la the melancholy Dane. As the man dragged her off by the arm-pits, the poor page found that in spite of her frantic efforts to keep them cn, ehe wae slowly and Burely being pulled out of her boots. The man kept on pulling, however, nntil he had ber in the wings, and the big boots were left on the stage with (he disconsolate hsro. Imagine his feelings 2 especially when a email voice from the gallery piped out, " She left them for remembra^ees." While I have bsm writing tbis "dtp- r ?rue tale," an amasing story, related to me by an old reined actor, occurs to me. Though it didii'i take place in a death scsue ex&c; ly, stiil it was very funny. A young utility m&n; was cast for the part of a Boman eoldier, who rushes in to announce that " all is loss, the citadel has been taken." e { c., etc. Thinking his youth and smooth f»ce did net look soldierly enough, he determined to wear a heavy moustache and wig. Accordingly when the night «ame Johnny Etood L. U. E., ready to spring on at his one, in brave erray. A fierceb'laok moustache shading his upper lip, his wig surmounted by cue of tlioga fluted tin helmets, and in hia g&ilsnt; right hand he held a spear. At last his cae wa» given, and he rushed ,on. He came on with sueh a bou&oe;, however, that his wig and helmet slipped hack, exposing his light short hair underneath. He hastily clapped bis hand to his bead, and held on hi? cake-v pan helmet, while he began his announcement. Horror! One side of his mous- ' tache, whieh fattened with springs in the nostrils, had become loosened, and fell across his mouth; he pushed ib up and again essayed to speak, and again it fell acios? his mouth. In the desperation of despair, he frantically pulled the thing off and threw it in the wings, and, after giving his lines, made his ignominious exit, still clutching his helmet, in an agony of mortification.—New York, Nym Crinkle's Paper. 