OPENING OF THE AUBURN TOWN HALL PROSCENIUM. The Auburn Town Hall having now been furnished witb a proscenium (a description of which appeared in our last issue) through the generosity of the Oddfellows and Foresters, it was decided that an amateur musical and dramatic entertainment should be given to celebrate its completion. Thurs day, August 11 was the night selected, and on that morning the rain fell heavily accom nanied bv hail and wind. Late in the after noon, however, the weather cleared, and the evening was fine; The house was well filled considering the inclemency of the weather. The concert began with a pianofore trio, which was admirably played by Mrs. Rossi, Mrs. Harvey, and Miss Limbert. A comic song, in character, was then given by Mr, Morgan, and was well received. A recita tion, 'Oooey,' by Mr. BusheH, was splen didly given, the reciter displaying good elocutionary powers. The tower scene from, the opera ' II Travatore' was well rendered by amateurs. Mr. Williamson's solo, ' Let me like a Soldier fall,' was. given in bis. usual good style, and was followed by a pianoforte duet by the Misses Limbert. This was very well rendered. A solo ' Carissima,' was then given by Mrs. Rossi in her well-known style, and was deservedly encored. She gave in response 'Dublin Bay.' 'When Time hath Bereft Thee,' by Mr. Richardson, fairly brought down the house, and he was obliged to respond to an encore. The ' Anvil Chorus,' by amateurs brought the first part of tbe programme to a close. After an interval Mr. Sanders, of Manoora, gave a treat, rarely seen here, in his wonderful tricks of eleight of hand. This was undoubtedly the best part of the performance, and Mr. Sanders received, deafening applause. A pianoforte trio by Mesdames Harvey and Rossi and Miss Limbert, was brilliantly given, and the pro gramme was brought to a close by the sparkling comedy 'Diamond Cut Diamond.'' The cast was a powerful one. Mr. Heartly, an old gentleman, was well repiesented by Mr. W. Ashton. The characters of Captaia Seymour and Captain Howard were well represented by Messrs. Boord and Dudley. Trap and Trick, valets of the above gentle men, were represented by Messrs. Rossi and Morgan, who each acted the rogue to the life. Charlotte, the ward of Heartly, found a good representative in Mr. E. H. Limbert. The duel scene was well acted by the two rivals, Seymour and Howard. * The second uight of the proscenium con cert was fairly successful, although the attendance was poor. A general charge o£ Is was made. Tbe concert opened with a pianoforte daet, 'The Irish Quadrilles, which was admirably rendered by the Misses Limbert. A reading, ' Handy Andy's* Letter,' was then given by Mr. Dudley. This was followed by a solo, 'Many Happv Returns of the Day,'' by Miss Dudley, and was well given. ' Barney flew over the Hills to his Darling,' by Mr. Biggins, was followed by a recitation, 'The Farmer's Wife and the Gascon,' by Mr. Bushell This was deservedly encored, and he gax& in response ' Cooey.' Mrs. Rossi then gave a solo, ' His Fader keeps a Brewery,' in splendid style, and received an imperative encoie, for which sha gave 'Dawn' with great pathos. A pianofore trio by Mesdames. Rossi, Harvey, and Miss Limbert was very much admired, Mr. E. LimbBrt then «ave 'That's where the Laugh comes iu' in good style. ' Mary'a Ghost,'. a recitation, ~ by Mr. Bushell, was followed; by- a duet, 'The Bold Gendarmes,' in character, by - Messrs. Gardiner and Richardson. This was vociferously encored. A comic song1, the Milkman's Daughter,' by Mr. Morgan,, was encored, when he gave ' Tommy, make room for your Uncle.' A reading, w Hans Brietmann's Party,' in character, provoked roars of laughter, and Mr. Rossi had to sub mit to an encore, when he gave Mark Twain's 'Jumping Frogs.' 'The. Anvil Chorus,' by amateurs, concluded tbe first part of the programme. After an interval the comedy ' Diamond Cut Diamond,' was again put on the boards. ' God Save the Queen' brought a very long programme to a close. The total - proceeds were about £14. ? 