V GIRO; LIFE IN INDIA. I : .Christian M onthly. ... . . , - . . On the day of her marriage the child-bride i'b put into a palanquin abut. up light', and carried to her husband's house. Hitherto she haB been the spoilt pet of her mother ; now she is to be the little slave of her mother-in-law, . upoti whom 1'ie is to watt, whose commands' she is implicnly «cf obeyjAnd who is to teach her what, she is to, tfb to please her husband — what dishes he likes bust, slid how to oook them. If the mother-in- law .is kind, she' will let the girl go home oc casionally to visit her mother. In her father's, liouae she may wear her snree down on her shoulders. In "her mother-in-law's house it xiiuBb nui Oui/ no drawn up uvtr nur jjottuy pub itmust come down oyer her face to the mouth.; Tfiis'may , be lifted up off her face after 'the liirth'bf her first babe. In her mother's house she retains her given name, Mohenee. ! In her husband's'she really loBes her identity. \ She is never called, by her given name, but always Bo, which-nie'ons daughier-in-hiw ;; but 'addod tu Bo' is,anpther,name, , which denotes whether'sheds lhe' "firsV, second, third,' or 1 fourth son's wife. After the birth of her ' first child she is known es the mother of that child,, lhe--word ma being B'taohed to that child's name, when she is spoken of asOliundroma Bedo-ma.1 In' 'the mother's h >use(iBhe' may. run about; in the court and verandas, talking : and playing (poor play) as much. as... she pleases.. In her husband's, till BU6rvt.llie. .UtBb U11I1U ID . UII1IJ, OIIU UlUtR lUUVU atJouti'-like a -poor little ghost, so quietly' and softly th'at\her voice, must never be. heard above the faintest whisper.- In fact she is perfectly tamed'snd' broken into the most abject submis sion-. -'-Each morning, when . she, first sees .her mother-in-law' for the day,- she must throw her- stlf prostrate before 'her, touching the ground with her forehead and kissing themoth'e'r-in'-iaVs' feet, placing one cif them on her. head for a moment. This denotes the perfect' subjection of body.and tniiid in which she is to remain. .Of her' husband she sees. very little:' Sho is ofuo more account to hirathana little cat or dog would be." There is Seldom or never any love lietween> them and no matter, how cruelly she tnay be treated, aho can never' complain to her husband of anything bis mother may do, fur he wouldinev.ertfake his wife's part. Her, husband. Binds to her daily the portion -of food that is to he cooked for himself; 'Iter,"' and the children, ty.hen.it .ia prepared, she. , places.it all on a .large, brass platter/and'it , is7 sent' into the;. husband's' room. "He eais what jho 'wishes, 'and then the platter is sent back' with"' what'lB left, fur Iter and the children..; They, sit together on the ground aiid-'eattHe7 remainder, ' having neit lieri' knives1, forks, or spoons. ''While -she' (is "'young she is never allowed to go anywhere. When she be- o&ihes; ;very"old;' if she' makes a vow 'to go on a pilgrimage ' to spine heather! temple, rshe is per mitted togb- to offer a sacrifice either for her- selfor for others. But this is only occasionally done ; very, .very few undertake it. She always h s her-t'akbora or 'household gods on's shelf in the' house, '' most; frequently over her own bed, I and to them she-pays her daily . devotions, offer- iiig them. rice and deoorati tig, them with .flowers. At -length' wlien she "draws near . the hour of death, and'it is thought her end is just'approaeh- ingj.BheJis carried 'down .'to, the- banks of. the Gungespthere to -breathe her last, in view of t rat holy strearawhose waters, are supposed to lis efficacious iu cleansing, away sin. As soon in the spirit? has departed, the remains are taken 0 the (Burning ,'Ghat.(th"e placefor burning.the dead;bodiea),:Bnd laid upon a pile of, wood. In a' few'hours nothing remains'but a little heap of ashes. This is then takeri up and oust into the 1 iver. Such'ia the life and' death of the happiest the m'oBt favoured t amongst theao . Bengali .wo men: .The litile girlslare married even as young as (tliree . years' of 'age'; and i should1 the : boy to whom suoh a child is murried die the - next day; she is'.cailed'a widow, and is heiieefortli' doomed to perpetiial 'wid dwhodd— she can' mover (marry7 again.,, ..As -a. widow she must never wear any' j -wellery, '"never dress her. hair, never sleep on-a Uedj hbihing but a' piece of matting apreud oh the brick floor, sometimes hot even that botween lier and tbe .cold. bricks:;(and no matter how cold the night, may. be, she must have no other covering than the thin .garment she has worn during the day. She must eat but one meal of fjod a day, .and that of the coarsest kind, and once in two weeks she must fast for twenty four hours, "i Then not. ;a bit of ..food, not a drop of ; water or medicine, must pass her lips, not even if she were dying. : She must, never Bit down or apeak in the presence either of her moiher-in- lawor'ofJher -sister-in-law; uuleBS they command her to do so. -Her food must be cooked and eaten apart from the other women's. She is a disgraced; :a degraded being. Slie raay never look-on' at any of tne marriage ceremonies or festivals. It would be an evil omen for her to uu.su. ... one ..ujuy 1IUVU lUSQii u myii uuaiu jiran- imnto woman, but on: her becoming a widow, any, even the lowest servants, may order her to do what, they do not like to do.. Ho woman in the house muBt ever speak one ..word of love or pity io her, for it is supposed that if a woman allows the' slightest 'commiseration to a widow he will become ' one herself.' If . a widow be comes bo ill . that she cannot go down to the room where they take their food, she may he where she is and die. No women dares assiat her;: Ifshehas a-Bon, he may do all lie can for her. -'Not only doeB she never, have a kind word said to'her; but she is constantly reviled' and reproached ; for it is supposed' she must' have done 'something very wicked in a former Btate of exis'tence that the, gods have punished her thus byfnaking her a widow. Thus by inference Bhe is accountable for her. husband's death. It was to punish i ber. that . the gods took her husband away.r I saw. an account a short time ago in an English paper that they had been trying to take the.census'of the population of India, atidasiur as they had goue, they found that there were " eighty thousand, widows under six. years of age 1 " Can you-iinagtne the amount of suffer ing that senteiice tells of and foretells? Some amongst the educated men of India are desirous- to break the chains that still hold the women in slavery. Others still desire to keep them down iu a(>jept subtniBSion. v. 