MENDING. j ( From ihe Queen.) ?In dealing with shirts that want buttons, | all the : remains of the worn-out or lost | buttons to be carefully removed before sewing 011 a new pearl one; to reinemlier not to break the point of the needle against the mother of pearl ; and if the last button | lias left a hole, how to darn the hole first 1 with tlie nnest darning cotton ami men on each side to put a neat patch of tape before sewing 011 the new button, and when sewed on with strong cotton, three or tour windings round of the cotton to prevent the buttonhole cutting the threads. In 1 sewing 011 linen buttons, it is a good way to see that the way of the . linen on the button is straight. Do not sew them 011 haphazard, but by the thread, and a cross i is much bettor than any stars or stitchings i round. ' A great matter to teach 111 sewing! buttons on is to sew the button urmly piessed against the material, and to draw ? ? ? thread tight, so that you cannot pull the button away and see the threads alter it is done. A few windings round of thread are necessary to prevent the cutting of the threads by the pulling oi the button hole. Sometimes day shirts are frayed out at the edge of the cuffs aud the breast, nnd the only remedy finally is to. mend them with new ones, but for some time button holmi'' the edges with as tine a cotton as you would use Io ra pocket- liandkercnief hemming looks very neat, aud shows verv little when washed and ironed, and, even ifit does show, one need never be ashamed of neat mending. Another thing to look for in shirts is the corners of the button holes, and by mending them with very fine cotton, and going over some of the good part, vou need not show where you begin,' or where you leave off — 0110 of the secrets of good mending. When shirts really reijuiru new fronts and wristbands, thc only way is to send them to the shirt maker, as there is no true economy in doing theui ut homo ; and this part of a tinman's work has passed away like shirt niaUing at home, and instead ot 1 hunks fiom our ..lieu 'kind, one's only reward is a powerful request not to touch their shirts again. So, on Monday morning throw into cold water such shirts as require send ing away, and after two or three hours' soakin.;, have them washed out roughly, with out any soda ; dry them and put them iut.o a parcel. Nightshirts last a long time it made of twilled lougcloth, and if men will only bin six at once. These really can bo made at I home, when we are allowed to do so; and . new neck bands, and collars, and cutis are ; easily put on when they wear. I The variety that mending affords in the 1 many .lifferent. articles, each requiring a 1 ?'Afferent needle aud kind of cotton, is an education 111 itself in needlework, and 111 delicate' manipulation, and the 'reason why' for things. For instance, a delicate habit snn t. is picked'iii) out of the mending bundle by one child,: and she has to be taught, perhaps,: to pick the torn lace off the neck, aud sew some more on, aud to use a No 9 needle, and smtalile cott'-n, and the way to hold the lace, and how to hem the ends neatly. Peihaps this is all the habit slnrt needs, and when it is done, and put aside as finished, she must he taught to stick hei nine sized needle with the thread 111 it, in her pnicn&hion;, as it will come in again for some other aiticle of the same quality as thc habit slinti Perhaps the next thing may bea;vest, u itli the corners toin at the neck, and she must be taught to diaw it together, and ilain it with darning cotton, then put hei dinning needle, with the cotton in it iu her pin cushion, and take an eiyht-sized needle and suitable cotton, and sew a tape 011 neatly at, the edge. When this is finished, she .will have a store :-f three needles and sotton. Perhaps the next thing may be a ] table napkin, and then is required a fine darning needle, and hue tfax thread The i next thing may be a chemise, which inav require a button, and then one of the needles and thread cotnes in. All this teaches her method. Sheets may bear darning in the centre tor a time, but it is a pity to go oti too long with mere darn.ng, for they want to be turned when it comes to that. Now a chiid can easily be taught to turn 11 sheet: but when, 011 Monday morning, you find sheets need turning they ought to go to the wash first, and be turned when: they are clean. . High Compliment to Australian Women. — Commenting upon AuAralia, and the personal characteristics of its native1 .born vv lute population, a pouulai author pays the following condiment to: 'Austral ?liau women. Ide says : : '' J; : think^they ? possess greater charms of face and ^figure',: and a more delicate, refined style of.-beauty, as a ni le, than tiiei r-northernvsi!tt'ers.*^Thi3;': Australian-horn.-, woman ii1; ; generally- tall; : well-piopoi tinned, agile, lithe of 'limb, -and has all hei featuies cut in a c assic ^ir.ou'ld of lathei a Gieiian 01 austonatic type In plnin^woidyl think 'Austrah in women are more sgeuerailyiipleiising; more lovely in feature;-ynd'fuiore':gracetu I in- figure,1 than ?EnghshiWonien:' The - climate has doubt less inucli :to do. with this, but beauty is not by any means confined to thi wealthier classes; The free, out of-door life, the abundant, fare, the freedom from many foolish ? kinrts of conventionality which handicap the English girl, all go in favor of the Australian. One is surprised to find so many beautiful faces and faultless hguios in all ranks; and the observant student of ' the human form divine' must come to the conclusion that, so tar as out ward beauty is concerned, the race has not deteriorated by its transplantation to the antipodes.' Quite Candid.— An honest Galveston shoemaker was strolling down the avenue, when, peering into a restaurant, what should he see but one of his fashionable customers seated at a table covered with all the delicacies of the season, including a large bottle of green seal, and two canvas back ducks. Rushing iu, the irate Galves ton tradesman exclaimed, 'Yon haven't got. money to pa 3' me for the boots 3*011 | have got 011, but you can afford to pay for all kinds of delicacies.' The young man wiped Ins moustache, and looking round to see that he was rut overheard, responded 1 iu a whisper, ' Don't be deceived ly ap 1 p*arauc£s ? You must not lose confidence 111 me. I don't expect to pay for this little I banquet, any more than I expect to pay you tor the boots.' Shakesphare s Ghost. — A good story 1 cotnes from America. A spiritualistic : seance was being held at which it was announced that the spirit ot William 1 Shakespeare would pass through the room. | A sceptic took a handful of tin tacks to | 1 the meeting-place, and qu'etly sprinkled 1 them over the tloor. The solemn moment came, a ghostly form entered, and took a 1 noiseless stride forward. There was a : light shiver in the white object, anil a muttered noise was heard ; a second step followed, not quite so stately, and another muffled' ejaculation ; but at t.he third stride Shakespeare's disembodied form sat plump down upon the floor, and swore like the British arm)- 111 Flanders. Tableau! . His Only Course. — ' I assure you : gentlemen,' said the convict, upon enter ing the prison, 'that the place nas sought me, and not I the place. My own a (fairs really demanded all my nine aud attention, and I may truly say that my selection to till th s position was an entire surprise. Had I consulted my own interests, I should have peremptorily declined to servo, but as I am in the hands ot my friends, I see no other course but to submit.' And he submitted. 