TOWlsT TALK. Iteuter telegraphs that .1 severe tihock of earthquake has been experienced in Asia Minor, attended with disastrous results. A number of new peers have boon created in Great Britain. General Garfield is, according to latest advices, slightly improving in condition. Ayoub Khan lias commenced his advance upon Khelat-i-Ghilzai, where the Ameor'8 forces are stationed. Messrs Strachan, Murray, Shannon and Co. havo received the following telegram from Messrs Sanderson, Murray and Co., dated London, 27th August:-Wool-Mar ket shows no change; Wheat-Boat worth 593, 'medium 58s, inferior 5Ga 6d per quarter, ex warehouse. Market shows a hardening tendency. Stocks are very small. Tallow -Best mutton, 3Ss; best beef, 3Gs per cwt. Market firm. The tender of Messrs M'Dcrmott, M'Neil, and Bath, for the construction of the lino of railway from Colac to Campordown, was ac cepted yesterday. The line iB over 28 miles in length, and tho price contracted for is £47,420 3s 6d. It is expected that tho lino will bo completed in about ten months' time. Mr M'Dsrmott, one of the contrac tors, is an old railway contractor, and a resident of Geelong. He constructed the railway from Ballarat to Gordon, and the Jamestown (S.A.) lino, both of . which have given every satisfaction to tho travelling public. Mr M'Dermott'a partners liail from South Australia, .After a lingering and painful Illness, arising from cancer in the stomach, Mr Frank Gardner, the well-known coursing judge, succumbed last eveniug. The de ceased gentleman was brought from England a few years since, when the Victorian Cours ing Club was started, to act as judge, and, for many meetings, ho acted in a very satis factory manner, acting for several of the provincial clubs in the samo capacity. By an unfortunate circumstance lie appeared to offend several of the most influential owners of dogs engaged in important coursing contests, and his star of success rapidly waned. In the meantime his efforts at judging were copied by men of littlo experi ence, and soon ho was supplanted; Since thou Mr Gardner has taken a to retired life, and, being seized with the diseaso which culminated . in liis death yesterday, he sought the protection of strangers. At the residence of Mr G. E. Groen, tho well known chemist, of Malop street, the deceased gentleman found a comfortable home. Every want of the , un fortunate coursing judge was supplied by Mr Green, and, save tho kind sympathies of that gentleman, Mr Gardner has died in a land where kin or kith aro noticeably absent. The deceased's remains will bo interred in the Eastern cemetery to-morrow afternoon. Wo notice that tho steamer Despatch, formerly engaged in the trade between Geelong and Melbourne, has been hired by the Government for six months. . The De spatch will bo required to perform tho work of tho steamer Victoria, belonging to the Customs Department. Tho woman Driseoll, tho victim of her husband's wrath, who was assaulted in her houso in Corio-street some dayB since, is slowly recovering from tho injuries she re ceived. She is still confined to her bed at the Hospital, and it will be some timo before she will be able to appear against her better half at tho Police Court. v On Sunday evening a practical joke in the western end of the town nearly had a seri ous result. For some nights a figure clothed in white has startled unwary pedestrians in a certain quarter of the town, and tho more timid have not ventured a second time in tho locality. Tho white clad figure, which was either that of a young athletic man or a tall woman, again attempted to frighten passers-by,and a man, who had evidently de termined to find out who the practical joker was, mado a sudden dart at the figure, missed it, tripped on a stone and fell, head long into a deep cutting. Tho would-be " ghost " cscaped, but not without a fright. A yonng man named Charles' Wilson, a laborer, residing at Leigh Road, was ad mitted into tho Hospital yesterday, suffering | 1 from a painful injury to one of his knees, j causcd when ho was jumping over a stone j fence. The only other accident caso treatod at tho Hospital was that of a slight wound, sustained by a youth named Edward Kinsella, to ono of his hands. At the Police Court yesterday morning an old man was charged with having been drunlc and disorderly, but as it was his first offence ho was discharged. The Mayor, Mr Horou, P.M., and Messrs Davey and Pardey, Js.P.,attended. A correspondent, writing to tho Argus, suggesting that a football match bo played between a team of natives of tho Western District and Geelong, and a team picked from Victoria, in aid of tho Hospital for Incurables, says : " 1 think there could bo found 20 players from tho Pivot to beat all Victoria." Several valuable pigeons, tho property of Mrs Jane Steed, of Gheringhap- street, were stoleu on Sunday afternoon. The Ballarat Eveniny Post writos A murderous assault was committed on Sunday night at Ross' Creek, a wifo stabbing her husband with a carving'knife. It appears that the woman, whose name is Maher, had been visiting her father's house in company with her husband. Before leaving for homo, however, the married couple had a dispute, aud matters wore brought to a climax by the lady (?) snatching a carving knifo from the table, and stabbing her husband in the breast. Maher was at once conveyed to the hospital, and his injury attended to. Though the wound is a bad one, it is not considered dangerous. Fortunately for the_ parties concerned the kuife was not driven into tho left side, or tho result would at onco haveheeu fatal." A member of the Free Library Committee informs us that the watch given in tho Art Union was valued at £7 7s, and not £10 10s, j as stated in our yesterday's issue, and that tho photographs presented were extra prizes. Another rat has been caught and killed in Ballarat. , " ,, Rev. M'Eachran, of St. Andrew s, Carlton, says " the everlasting punishment of the wicked is an awful truth." At the Poultry Show at Adelaide on Saturday some of the exhibits were sold for 10 guineas the pair. " Joe Kitchen," the whilom champion prize fighter, is now on a visit to his old tabernacle-Ballarat. _ Upon a sick hen being killed at Stawel, tho other day it was discovered that a pm was sticking through her liver. Tho Walhalla Chronicle is informed that around Mouut Useful and the Black Ranges the snow is thicker at present than it has been before within the last ten years. Mr Smith, the victim of tho outrage at Itali Itali, South Australia, is slightly better, and hope3 are eutertaiued of his reco very. It is a popular delusion that milk is a compouud of water, chalk, and sheep 8 stomach. Milk always comes from the cow -a great way from the cow. On Saturday last, at Browu's diggings, near Ballarat, a European miner Darned Heley was killed and his mato seriously injured by a fall of earth. Considerable additions are being made to the Marcus Clarke fund. The hon. W. J. Clarke has given £50. The bones, boots, and hat of a digger have been found in Northern Queensland, on a bed of bull dog ants. By his side was a quart bottle of rum, half-full, and also his swag. A Chinaman named Gee Tong Gong was killed on Saturday afternoon about three o'clock, while working in tho cluiui of the Trunk Lead Company, Haddou, by a fall of earth. A Manchester lady has left her surgeon £25,000 conditional on his embalming her body, and "that he should onco in every year look upon her face, two witnesses being present." - ... c A former resident of Ballarat speaks of the Mount Browno diggings as no place for poor men; further, that the field is not so remunerative as to pay very well, even those who can afford to wait over tho dry season. It is quito surprising (remarks the Ky neton Guardian) to watch the rapid growth of tho crops siuce the rain. It is hard to say when plants looked so healthy as they do this year. Michael Mullane, a laborer, who was arrested at Townsville, Queensland, on sus picion of having murdered his wife by striking her with an iron bar while in a state of intoxication, has been committed to take his trial for wilful murder. The steam collier Llewellyn struck on tho Black Rock, at tho entrance of Wolloogong Harbor, on Saturday afternoon, when out ward bound for Sydney,laden with coal. Sbo roniained hard and fast on tlie rock, but it is believed that she is uninjured. By tho new American high speed tele graphic apparatus, no fewer than 1000 to 1200 words a minuto can be sent oyer a short wire. Tho telograms are perforated beforehand, and the company proposes to charge so much a yard. The scarcity of fat cattle (says tho Cara pcrdown Chronicle) i3 likely to soon affect the pockets of tho public. No cattlofit for the slaughter yard are to bo obtained in the vicinity of Cainperdown, and from £7 to £8 has to be paid for a beast weighing 5 cwt. when dressed. - The premises in Lydiard-street, Ballarat, now. tenanted by Mr J. T. Sleep, jeweller, and! Messrs M'Hutchison and Campbell, printers,- liavo changed hands for £4500. It is understood that the purchase ~ was effected on bohalf of tho Australian Alliance Insurance Company, possession to bo given in November. On Friday evening five old and respected residents of Ballarat met at Martin's North Star Hotel '(says the Couritr), and in the course of a frieudly chat it transpired that their united ages totalled 277 years. The oldest of the five was sixty.six years of age, and the whole of them had been from twenty-five to thirty years in the colony. The 42nd Highlanders wear scarlet with blue facings, as do also tho 35th, 50th, alst, 79th, 85th, Sfith, S7th, 100th, 101st, 102ud, 103rd, and 104th, all of which aro regiments of the line. Mr Garfield, the uncle of tho President of tho United States, met with an accident re cently which killed him on the spot. Tho deceased gentleman waa out driving, accom panied by his .daughter, whose injuries, it is feared, will also prove fatal. The bust of Sir John Lawrence, " the saviour of India," was placed iu West minster Abbey on 12th July, almost beneath the monumeut of Sir James Outrim. On tho front of tho pedestal is an incription with theso words at its oonclusion:-" He feared man so little because he feared God so much,'' The great lawsuit at Newcastle respect ing tlie New Lambton Colliery, between J. and A. Brown and Messrs Dibbs, which has been in tbo law courts for eight years, and over which many thousands have been spent, will probably shortly be settled. The col liery was on Friday taken possession of by Messrs Brown. Tho progress of the Jewish raco in Scot land is shown by the census returns to be of the most marked character. Two further caseB of smallpox were re ported at Sydney on Saturday, one being in a house previously quasantined, and tho second necessitating tho quarantining of another house. The first case is that of a child named Maggie Smith, aged 10 months residing with her parents at Balmain. Tho other ? case is that of a girl named Agnes Congdon, 13 years of age, living with hor mother, off George-street, west. A narrow escape from death or mutilation occurred at Footscray station on Wednesday evening, when two men, while under tho influence of liquor, endeavoring to enter the American narriago, tried to get in on tho buffers instead of tho proper entrance. Tho signal was given for the train to Btart, and but for tho prompt action of Porter Jeffries, who forcibly pnlled tho men away, a serious accident would hr.ve occurred. Oysters to tho value of about six millions sterling aro said to be consumed annually in Great Britain. May ISth was the fourteen hundredth anniversary of the first Mass celebrated in the Arcliiopiscopal Seo o£ Armagh, by St. Patrick ill person. Tho Hon. VVi J. Clarke, whose lihorality to Trinity College lias been noticed on former occasions, has within tho laBt few days offered to present a further Bum of £1000 to that institution. Mr Clarke's gift was unencumbered by conditions of any kind ; but, on the advice of tho Bishop of Melbourne, he has consented that tho money shall be applied to tho foundation of a lay scholarship, to be open to all comers without restriction. The joint committeo of the Scottish Foot ball Association and the Football Charity Cup Committee have made their annual alloca tion of tho surplus fundB amongst tho charities of the city. Tho sum this year amounted to £450-bringing up tho total distributed since tho foundation of tho matches, in 1S76, to £2505. Quito a commotion was caused in Eliza beth-street, Melbourne, shortly after S o'clock on Saturday night by the antics of an infuriated cow, which not only took possession of the thoroughfare for a time, and stopped the traffic, but frightened and scattered tho pedestrians in every direc tion. During the excitement a young lady . was knocked down and slightly injured ; a wagonette plying for hiro on the rank was ferociously at tacked aud nearly overturned, but while pursuing a gentleman acroas the pavement, tho animal slipped and fell, and was unable to rise again.. Under tho direction of Con stable Turner, the cow's brains were knocked out with an axe, and tho carcase removed from the street. The total number of volunteers in England and Scotland, provided for in tho Army Estimates for 18S0-S1 was 245,G4S-Eng land, 199,049 ; Scotland, 4G,G99. Lady Loftus' residence, Belvoir Castle, Six-mile-lJridge, county Clare, has been burnt down, the damage amounting to £5000. An English resident in Japan recently recorded the horror which he felt when, immediately after landing,pie meta wretched criminal walking about Tokio, in midwinter, naked, with bis hair tied back BO tightly to a beam of wood laid across his shouldera, to whicli his arms were strapped, that, no matter how far back he straiued his head, the hair was almost torn from his scalp. On euquiry ho found that tho torture was in ilicted on the criminal to indicate tho ab horrence with which the law regarded the robbery of the scanty earnings of tho help less poor. Tho miscreant had picked tho pocket of a blind cripplo. Another search is proposed for the remains of Leichardt. What would he think, or say, or do (remarks a Tasmanian paper), if ho only know that iiis bones were being -used for the purpose of raising funds to discover new pastoral country ? But bide a wee, ho might remember that this is still tho nine teenth century 1 . We havo received from Mr E. J. George, the local agent of the Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Co., a document con taining extracts from the London Review, an insurance journal, in which tho position of the company is referred to in the highest terms. Itstates: - "ThoLiverpoolandLondon and Globe stands to-day in possession of tho largest lire insurance reserve in tho world, It is a monument of untiring energy and commercial skill wherever the English languago is spoken." Lovers of billiards aro reminded that this is the fourth and last week of the great bil liard tournament now on at tho Olivo Branch Hotel billiard saloon; and up to tho present timo no sensational breaks havo been recorded, considering that there aro always, during the progress of tho gamo, six balls on the table. As Geelong can compcte favor ably with any part of the colony against cueists, a satisfactory termination of tho tournament ought to be chronicled among the amateur billiardists. The Geelong Football Club will play special practice matches this afternoon, and Wednesday and Thursday afternoons. Tho fares for passengers by the stoamcr Edina will be reduced on and aftor to morrow. Tho winning numbers of tho Mount Moriac Art Union are advortised in anothor column. A novel salo of gifts will be hold to-mor row afternoon and evening by Mies Devlin, at her mother's residence, Malop-strect oast, in aid of the Ladies' Benevolent Society.. A silver coin will bo charged for admission. The hours of sale are from 4 to 6 aud from S to 10 o'clock. A meeting of the Chilwell Football Club will take place this evening, at eight o'clock, at the Clarendon Hotel. A general meeting of the Farmers' Union will bo held on Thursday morning, at 11 o'clock," at the Princo o£ Wales Hotel, Mar ket Square. Messrs Mathews Brothers, butchers, no tify elsewbero that tho present low prices ruling for meat will be continued by them until further notice. The tenders for alterations and additions to the Exhibition buildiugs will be received up to noon on Saturday next. Particulars with regard to tho blood stal lion Young Hermit will bo found in our advertising column?. A professional man returning to his office one day, after asnbstantial lunch, said complacently to his assistant-"Mr Peet kin, tho world looks different to a man when he has threo inches of rum in him." " Yes," said Pectkin, " and ho looks different to tho world." A \Vest End father urged his boy to bo oither a clown in a circus, a canal boat cap taiu, a fireman, a railroad engineer, a pirate, or an Indiau lighter, and the boy .at once decided to study for the ministry, which was what the old inan, who understood tho perversity of boy naturo, wanted. WHO ARE "SERVANTS."-This question was raised in a recent case in which car penters, masons, cart-drivers, rangors, and others, claimcd under a will in which tho testator had directed that all "servants," who, at the time of his death, had been in his service fivo years, should receive mourn ing and two years' wages, and those in his service for loss than fivo years mourning and tho year's wages. Tho Master of the Rolls disallowed the claim, on tho ground that persons laboring for a Hxod portion of the day,' and on defined or restricted work, aro in a different category . from those who are liable to be called upon at all" times, early , and late, for the performance of their duties. 