? SOME STRANGELY FULFILLED DREAMS. Br RIOHIBD A. PBOOTOB IN " BELORAVIA.' So fa* as can be judged -by- ordinary methods of interpretation, it would eeem that in the days when the history of Joseph was written, and again in the time of Daniel, no doubt was entertained respecting the supernatural origin of all dreams. Joseph's brothers, according to the narrative, took it for granted that Joseph'* dreams indicated some thin? which was to happen in the fature. Whether they questioned the validity of his own interpretation is not altogether clear. They bated him after his first dream, and envied him, ws are told, after his second: which shows they feared he might be right in his interpretation; but, on the other hand, they conspired together to slay him, which suggests they entertained some doubts on the subject. In fact, we are expreBBly told that when they conspired against him, they said, "Behold, this dreamer cometh; come now therefore, and let us slay him," and so forth, " and we shall see what will become of his dreams." Jacob, moreover, though he had " observed" Joseph's "saying" about the dream (ifter rebuking him for telling the story), seems to have taken Joseph's death for granted: " Joieph is without doubt rent in pieces." Possibly in those days, even as now, dreams were noticed when tbey were fulfilled, and forgotten when, as it seemed, th*y remained unfulfilled. In like manner, when the butler and baker of Pharaoh dreamed each man his dream in one night, they were sad (that is, serious) the morning after: for they could not understand what the dreams meant. Bat Joseph said, " T>o not interpretations beloog to God?" Doubtless this was the accepted belief in the days when the history of Joseph was written. It is singular that tbe butler, though he forgot Joseph till Pharaoh's dreams reminded him of his fellowprisoner, seems to have associated the power of interpreting the two dreams with the power of bringing about the events supposed to be portended by the dreams. ** It came to pasB, as he interpreted to us, so it Was; me he restored unto mine office; him he hacg^d." It is jast thus iha$, in oor own time, persons who believe in, the claims of fortune- tellers to predict the fature, commonly believe also that fortune- tellers can to some degree control the future also. Pharaoh's dreams were rather more fortunate to. Joseph than either his own or those of the chief butler and baker. (It is ^noteworthy how .the dreams of the story ruff in pairs.) In fac^ one might be led to surmise that he inherited something of the ingenuity shown by his father's mother—referring to an arrangement, a year or two" before Joseph entered the world-, in which his" mother showed to no great advantage, according to modern' ideas. Ba this as it may, in was certainly a clever thought of Joseph to suggeBt that the unfavourable weather he had predicted might be provided against by appointing a man discreet and wise to look after the interests of Egypt. Whom V?J>B Pharaoh likely to appoint but the person-who predicted the seven bad harvests f "Even so, in these oar own times, another Joseph told the British Pharaoh who lately ruled over India that years of famine in India can be predicted, and their effects prevented by appointing a man discreet and wise to leok after the interests of India. And it is curious enough that this modern Joseph seems to have turned his thought3 to his ancient namesake, potting forward the idea that the seven good years and the seven bad years were years of many sun-spots, fallowed by years of few sun-spots. Nay, eo strangely do these coincidences sometimes run on all-fours, that the younger Joseph has adopted tbe idea that the pyramids c£ (which were once thought to be Joseph's store-houses) m-re astronomical instruments. Now; it is certiin, though this he has not Noticed, tbat before the upper half (in height) of the great pyramid was set on, the git at ascending gallery might have been used all the year round" for observing the sua at noon; and that by using a dark screen at its uppermost or southern extremi ty, and admitting the sun's light only through a small openiDg in this curtain, a large and well- cefinel image of the sun could have been obtained without any telascope, an image showing any large spots which might be piesent on the sun's disc. It would be a pleasant theory (and all the better suited for. association with the sun-spot-weather theory, in having no valid evidence in its favour) to suggest that Joseph really ascertained the approach of good and bad harveets by solar observation. His advice was that the fifth part of the land of Egypt should be taken up—that is, stored up—in the seven plenteous years; bu^ the Astronomer- Royal for Scotland assures us that the nnmbors five and seven are symbolised repeatedly in the great pyramid. Could anything clearer be desired ? But although I have been allowing fancy to lead me far away from facts, I t tain k it m ay safely be inferre d from the story of Pharaoh's dreams that the prediction of good and bad harvests was one of the qualities which the Pharaoh's chiefly valued in their wise men, whether magi or astrologers. The story of Nebuchadnezzar's dream is still more singular. I suppose the usual service expected by the kings of B.bylon from their soothsayer included the Interpretation of all dreams which had left a ^strong impression on the king's mind—dreamB like the night visions of Eiiph&z; the Temanite, bringing fear and trembling, making ail the bones to shake. It does not seem to have entered into the ordinary course of their duties to tell the king first what he had dreamed (when he had forgotten), and afterwards what the dream might signify. Indeed, though it is not a very uncommon occurrence to forget a dream, yet a dream which has been forgotten does not generally leave a very strong impression, and therefore would not require interpretation. It happened otherwise with Nebuchadnezzar. His .spirit was troubled, and his sleep broke from him, because of his dream, but what he had dreamt he could not remember. His action hereupon was somewhat crazy; but we must remember there was madness in his blood. He told the Chaldaaans, that if they would not make known to him his dream and the interpretation thereof, they should be cut in pieces, and their house3 made a dunghill." This was precisely the way, one would imagine, to cause them to invent a dream for him (he could not have detected the truth very well), and to have devised a suitable interpretation, pleasing in the king's eyes—which to persons ot their ingenuity should not have been very difficult.* However, we must not further consider these more ancient dreams, but turn at once to the examinatian of some of those remarkable dreams of modern times which have been regarded as snowing that dreams are really sent la some cases a» fore warnings, or at anyrate ss foreshadowinggof real events. I propose to consider these narratives with special reference to tbe theory that dreams which seem to be fulfilled are fulfilled only by accident: eo many dreams occurring and so many eventB, that it wonld in fact be stranger that' no such fulfilments should be recognised than that some among th*un nhoull tezm ex:se5icgly striking. There is one dream story which can har.ily be explained by the coincidence theory, if true in all its particulars. It is related by Dr- Abercrombie as deserving of behalf, though I must confer ths.t for my own part I cannot but think the actual facts must bave undergone considerable modification before the Btory reached it* present form. Gertainly the case «oes not illustrate the occurrence of dreams, as a warning, effective or otherwise according to circumstances, for the dream happened simultaneously with the event to which it was sapposed to relate. Tae story ruus as follows (D.\ Abercrombie gives the story i«i a somewhat, bit sot essentially, different form) :— On the night of 11th May, 1*12, Mr. Williams, of Sjorrio? House, near Redruth, in Cornwall, woke his wife, and in great agitation told her of a strange dream he had just had. He dreamt he was in the lobby of the House of Commons, and saw a man shoot [with a pistol a gentleman who had jUBfc entered the lobby, who was said to be the Chancellor. His wife told hita not to jbrcuble himself about the dream, but to go ^o sleep again. Hi followed her advice, but presently woke he? again, saying he had dreamt the same dream. Yet a third time .was the dream repeated ; after which he was so disturbed that, despite his wife's entreaties that he would trouble himself no more about the House of Commons, but try to sleep quietly, he got up and dressed himself. This was between one and two o'clock in the morning. At breakfast, Mr. Williams couid talk of nothing but the dream; and early the same morning he went to Falmouth, where he told tbe dream to all of his Acquaintance whom he met;. Next day, Mr. Tucker, of Trematon Castlj, accompanied by hiB wife, a daughter of Mr. Williams, went to Ssoreior House on a visit. Mr. Williams told Mr. Tucker the circumstances of hi» dream. Mr. Tucker remarked that ib could only be in a dream that the Chancellor would be found in the lobby of the House of Commons. Mr. Tucker asked what sort of man the Chancellor seemed to b», and Mr. Williams miauU-ly described the mva who. :was murdered in his dream. Air. Tucker '•replied, " Your description is not at all that of the ChancelLr, but is very exaesly that of Mr. Perceval, the Chancellor c£ cha Exchequer." H? y.aked it Mr. Wlliiama had ever e-en M<-. r erceval, aud Mr. William* ^replied that he had nqver -seen him or had any communication of {>ny EOrt with him; ;»-nd, further, that he'had never besn in the .House cf Commons ia his life. , Ac this -moment ;ihey heard the sound of a horse ; galloping to the door o£ the house ; immsjdiately after a son of Mr. Williams entered he roamj and said that lie had gail>ped from Tiuro, iitviag a gentlemiu luera whe had come by that eveaiagV mail front town, and who had ,been ia s:he l jhby o! the House of Cjmmons on the-evening of the 11th, when a man called BjUingham had shot Mr. Parcevai. After the astonishmsnfc which this intelligence ereajiod h id a listie subsided, Mr. Williams described *ads6 minutely the appSa-scc^. asd drees of the man whom he hid seen ia big rircim fire the pistol at the Chancellor, a? r.lso the appear ance and dress ot the Chancellor. Aooub Six weeks after, Mr. Williams, hsvi-jg business ia town, went, ia company with a friend, to the House of Commons, where, as has been already observed, he had never before been. Immediately that he came to the steps of the entrance of the lobby, he said, " This place is as distinctly within my recollection in my dream as any room in my own house/' and he nnds thi game observation when he entered the lobby. Ho then pointed out the ex vet, spot where Btiiinghtm stood when he fired, and also that which Mr. Perceval had reached when he was struck by the ball, where he fell. The dress both of Mr. Perceval and B?llim;ham agreed with tbe description given by Me. Williams even to the most minute particulars. So runs the story. Ot course, like the " well-authentic' ted" ghost stories, this one is n-.f^ib'-r of rts -i C..,,! ilr,- wrfiieb are open to no oth:-r ^isadvaatsge than that of depending, like the rest of r.r.e story, on the narrator himself. It would ba utterly absurd to base any theory respscJa ? dreams on a story of this sort. The f .ct thli on the night in question Mr. Williams dreamt about a murder in the House of Commons depends ou his own assertion and his wife'8 confirmation. Tiie details of the dream, the description of Perceval and Bailineha^', Me. Williams's ignorance respecting Mr. Perceval's appearance and the arra&gemsat; of the rooms in the Houxe of Com'ucns, these and a number of other matters es3satial to the effect of the sto*y f depend oa " trustworthy witnesses," whose evidence has ia point of fact never b'.en taken. AH thsse points are like the details which appear in the papers the first few days after she occurrence of some " tragic even';." They may be true or not, but they are aps to undergo considerable alteration when the witnesses are actually examlaed. If we accepted the story precisely as ic stands, we should be led to some rather startling results. Ia the first place, the coincidences are too numerous to be explained as merely accidental. Mr. Williams, or any other amoDg the millions who slept and dreamt on the night of the murder, might be readily eneugh believed to have had a startling dream about the murder of some member of Parliament high in offiie. Nor could the triple repetition of such a dream be surprising; for a dream which has produced a great effect on the mind is apt to be repeated. But that the event itself of Perceval's murder should be represented precisely as it occurred to a man who did not know Perceval or Bellingham from Adam, involves a multiplicity of relations which could not conceivably be all fulfilled seimultaneously. We should have to admit, if we aeceptod the story as it s bands, that there was something, I will not s^y supernatural or preternatural, but outside the range of known natural laws, in the dreads of Mr. Williams of Scorrlor House. Now, the esse does not fall under precisely the same category as those numerous stories told of the appearance of persons, at the moment of their death, to friends or relatives at a distance. Iu the first place, most of these stories are themselves open to grave doubt. The persons who relate them are, by their own account, of highly sensitive and readily excitable temperament, aud we do not look-for perfectly uncoWed narratives frntn from Klioh such nonnm. psraons. Ritr Bur, oiun even if txra we aceep the general theory that, uuder certain conditions, the mind of a dying person may effect in some way the micd of a parson at a distance who is iu some way in sympathy with the moribund, we can hardly extend the theory to include strangers. It may not be utterly incredible, perhaps, that some physical mode of communication exists by which ono brain may receive the same impressions which affect another—though I must confess I cannot see my own wiy to believe anything of the sort. Bat we can hardly imagine that the brain of a sleeping pereon iu no way connected with a dying man could be effected by such brain-waves. Every story of tbe kind, truthful or otherwise, ha? described an impression produced on some dear friend cr relative; so that we should be justified In thinking (if we believed these stories at all) that br*tr-waves are especially intended for the benefit of close friends or near of kin. It would be anew and startling thing if any man might have a vision of any other person who chanced to be dying; and, considering tbat not a minute passes without several deaths, while there are some 1500 millions of living persone, scarcely a day might be expected to pass without some one or other of the multitudinous deaths of the day finding some one or other brain among the 1500 millions in the proper frame for receiving the visionary communication by tha brain-wave method. Nor is it easy to imagine a religiously supernatural interpretation of the story. The dream vta? certainly not cent as a warning, tor when Williams drfamt his dream, Perceval was either being murdered, or was alrep.'y rW-3. T lz CV-U'j coul^ pro^ucsLjio hen' r-.cial infijeuce on rnank'c:i rurally, or on the Eaglish people specially, or the Cornkh folk still more epecislly. The number of persons who could be certain thai Mr. Williams was telling the tru-h (always on our preger t assumption Jthat this eras tbo case) were very fow—in fact, only Mr. ard Mrs. Willhma, Mr. Tucker, and perhaps one or two frfcnds who remembered th'.fc tbe !?sta"3 of th,*; ra- nrder communicated before the netra cou'd have reached Mr. Williams. One does not readily see how Williams himself was to be beneficially influenced by his remarkable experience. Most of those who heard the story would sit in tbe seat of the scornful, and receive no benefit, but harm. The idea generally entertained, and moBt probably by Williams as well as the rest, would be simply thie, that if it was worth while to let a miraculous vision of Perceval's murder appear to anyone, it would have been well to have let the vision appear before the event, and to some one not living quite so far from town. Not, indeed, that the warning might nave Perceval; for in reality it is a bull of the broadest sort to imagine thafc a true vision of a murder can prevent the murder. But a warning d£»am might serve useful purposes without preventing the event it indicated. If a man dreamt that he was to die in a week, and believed the dream, he would bave no hope from the advice of his doctor, or from any other precautions he might nuke against death; yet he would usefully employ the wsek iu arranging his affairs. Bat it could be of no earthly use to Perceval, or anyone else, that a vision of his death should appear in triplicate to some oaa down in Cornwall on the very night when the tragedy occurred in Ii sudors. fTo be continued.J 