The Theatre Royal. "HAMLET," as played on the evening of the 7th instant by Mr. Frank Cates, was a performance marked by exceptional talent, conscientious study, and a high apprecia- tion of dramatic art. The occasion was the benefit of Mr. Catea, and, to the infinite dis credit of Brisbane playgoers, a comparatively thin house assembled to greet an aspirant for fame in Shakßpearian drama who bids fair to make da enduring mark in the highest range of his profession. Consistent as a whole in conception and performance, it is not matter for surprise that _it _ was somewhat uneven in parts. Considering it as a first performance of the part, Mr. Cates may fairly be said to have achieved a legitimate triumph. There was in the interpretation no slavish following of the modern school of Shakapearian actors, who so often, in their efforts to affect naturalness, achieve commonplace ; nor an utter avoidance of the examples of the leading exponents of that old school which it is now-a-days too much the fashion to call unnatural and stagy. While pourtraying the hopes, the aspirations, the terrible mental conflicts, the hunger for revenge, and the pitiable lost hope of love and purity that break the life of the royal prince, Mr. Cates proved his appreciation of Hamlet's advice to the players : " But use all gently ; for in the very torrent, tempeßt, and, I may say, the whirl wind of your passion you must acquire and beget a temperance that may give it smooth ness." Curiously enough, this very speech from which we quote was the least successful passage in the performance. Not from want of appre ciation, but lack of ease. This time will soon repair. To a young actor want of physique in a part like Hamlet is in some respects a serious drawback—since it is often an easy matter to oonoeal ignorance of art, or sudden nervousness, by a timely exhibition of lung power. Mr. Cates does not fill the stage with noise, and as a pleasant consequence he mutt necessarily trust to legitimate art. Onoe only at the end of the play scene did he essay to " split the ears of the groundlings," and it wu a harsh variation of the previous harmony. Tet, amid so much that was good, it seems almost ungenerous to point out such blemishes as these. Throughout the play Mr. Cates distinguished himself by the excellence of his interpretations, some being quite new to a Brisbane audience, as when, ere turning to address the Ghost, he makes the sign of the cross as he utters the line " Angela and ministers of grace defend us 1" 80, too, there was a world of meaning in his parting injunction to the players : " Follow that lord, and look you mock him not." At the end of the third act Mr. Cates gives a very effective interpretation to the last line —"Thus bad begins, and worse remains behind," by raising the arras and gazing upon the dead body of Polonius. The scene with the Queen was a wide departure from the orthodox, and did not suffer from the absence of loud voioed passion that usually mars it; while, not* withstanding some obvious difficulties, the last Boeoe was effectively rendered, and the curtain •desoended upon a performance that may be chronicled as a singular success considering the calibre of the company. "The fair Ophelia" found in all respects a fitting exponent in Miss Annie Mayor, whose reappearance after her recent illness was hailed with great cordiality. Mr. Hesford played the parts of the Ohott and the King, and spoke the text with exactness and discretion; but why the King in "Hamlet" should always make up like a pirate of the Spanish main who had usurped the crown of Denmark we are at a loss to conceive. Mr. Thynne furnishes a pleasant surprise by his performance of Horatio— a difficult part, which he played with modesty and discretion. As Polonius, Mr. Forbes was disappointing, but it is but fair to say he was evidently suffering from a severe cold. Mr. Sam Poole was quaintly humorous as the Oravedigger, and Miss Blanch* Gray will do well to avoid in future the part of the Queen. On Saturday night Mr. Cates bid farewell to a Brisbane audience in the "Lady of Lyons.!' A fair house—fair, that is, judged by the recent standard of attendance—witnessed the performance. It is to be hoped that we shall have Mr. Cates here again before very long, for he has decidedly impressed the Brisbane public with the belief that he is an actor of talent Who is well worth seeing now, and who will be a great deal better worth seeing as time goes on and experience ripens his powers. Mr. Dewhurst opened last Monday night to a fair audience in " Richelieu." His enunciation of the splendid language put into the mouth of the great cardinal was clear and distinct, but he maintained at first a high declamatory level which became rather monotonous at times, and his conception of the character differs widely from that usually formed. " Richelieu" is gene rally played as a very feeble old man, whose in vincible mind triumphs over physical infirmity when a crisis demands the full exercfoe of his powers. Mr. Dewhuret has evidently formed a different idea of the part. The cardi nal, as he presented him in the earlier acts, was an old maH certainly, who had lout some of the lusty vigour of youth—who could not raise the great two-handed sword he wieldsd at Rochelle —but who was still hale and strong, with a body quite able to carry out the designs formed by his imperious mind. The extreme tottering feeble ness he displayed in the last two acts was, according to Mr. Dewhurst's interpretation, merely the ruse of the wily politician at bay, and summoning all his craft to outwit his foes. The sudden outburst of vigour in the closing scene, when the king committed his whole power into his hands, became, therefore, not the conquest of the strong mind over the feeble body, but the triumphant flinging aside of a disguise whioh had served its turn, and wu no longer needed. This interpretation of the character of course deprived Mr. Dewhurst of many "points" whioh other actors are in the habit of making by contrasting feebleness of body with strength of will, but it enables him to give intensity to other passages. Towards the close of the play he carried the sympathies of the audience with him very heartily. Julie de Mortemar was played by Miss Maud Brandon. This young lady baa a very pleasing and spaoeful appearance, was letter perfect, and spoke in dear tones but too low a voice. Beyond that it would be unfair to say anything. She was apparently a debutante and extremely nervous. No doubt she will soon overcome her diffidence, and it will then be more easy to estimate her histrionic ability. Mr. Rayner played the Chevalier de Atauprat. This gentleman, who is new to the Brisbane stage, evidently did his best, but he should endeavour to speak more clearly. Mr. Forbes, as Brother Joseph, was not so good as in some characters he has assumed here, but he has evi dently pot yet recovered from his indisposition. Mr. Hesford was as conscientious as usuaL He gave the audience every word of his part, but it would be better if he did not accentuate his vallainy so heavily; he plays throughout in italics. The rest of the characters were filled by the ladies and gentlemen of the regular company. Miss Featheratone, as Franfoii, forgot her lines, and spoiled the effeot of what would otherwise have been one of Mr. Dewhurst's most effective scenes. "Richelieu" was repeated on Tuesday and Wednesday nights, and on Thursday and Friday " Othello" was performed. 