ADDRESS BY REV. JOSEPH COOK. (DSLTVBRHD AT A GOBPBL MEETING IN BDINBtfBGH.) Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ says that God is more wiliing to give His Holy Spirit to those who ask Him, than fathers are to give bread to their children. Now, by asking Him I suppose He means not merely adoration, confession, thanksgiving, and petition—four of prayer—but a fifth thing which ought to he put into prayer, and also a thing of which you have heard much in this earnest and eloquent address by Major Whittle—total self-surrender. That is always part of prayer, and any petition which has not in it the phrase, or the substance of it—" Thy will be done in me, as it is in heaven"—is vain repetition, and not prayer.; What I want every man, woman, and child in this vast audience to do is to try a fair experiment with the single promise I have quoted, and see whether God will not hear on the spot, and verify all He has said. If you follow all the light you have, if you illuminate your conscience by prayer and the study of the Holy Word, and if you surrender to God with "the best light you fcan thus obtain, and do so utterly, gladly, affectionately, taking God for your Saviour and Lord, I believe you cannot do that without having peace sent to you, the burden lifted off your soul, and your manacles broken. I solemnly believe that it is within the power of every human being in this audience to leave all his fetters an. the threshold of this temple as he goes hence. 4f wish you silently, while I am speaking, to. try what pi|yer in the sense of self-surrender to God will do for jyou. I wish each one of you to say—" I will have done with my sins. I will ask God in an honest way to give me His Holy Spirit. I will yield to Him utterly; I will choose Him as Saviour and Lord." Will yon look on the cross in the first place, and behold God in Christ ? otherwise the terrors of Sinai may affright you very much ; and yet I am anxious you should be frightened more than a little by them. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, although it is not the end of wisdom. Our age has far too little of the fear of the Lord. Sinai appears to have been forgotten. And so before I epeak of the cross let me say a word concerning the certainty that a man may drift into an evil permanence of character. I believe that as surely a9 we exist we know that if a roan loves what God hates, and hates what God loves, it is ill with him. I have no purpose here to-night, except to utter my own conviction. I am anxious not to offend any one's prejudices, but I do not make any apology for declaring an evangelical truth. I believe the Bible's teaching, that when a man goes through this life loving what God hatei, and hating what God loves, he acquires a final permanence of character. As the twig is bent, so does the tree incline. When a man drifts into dissimilarity of feeling with God, he finds the universe against him, and be cannot walk with God because he is not agreed with Him. Not many hours ago I stood on the banks of the Doon, in the town of Ayr, and there I saw the Bible which Burns gave to Highland Mary. The Bible was under a glass case, and the sunlight shining full upon the page disclosed this famous passage—" No man can serve two masters, for either he will hate the one and love the other, or else he will hold to the one and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon" (Matt. vi. 24). Now, I believe that text is inspired. I believe that is the testimony of the Almighty God to the fact that human nature must learn to love what God loves, and hate what God hates, before there can be any harmony with Him. But, even if I did not believe' in inspiration, I should say there is immense sense in that statement, that no man can serve two masters. It is as true in spiritual as in physical things, that you cannot serve two masters—you cannot open and shut a door at the same time; you cannot have white and black on the same space. What I undertake to say is, that when a man loves what God hates, and hates what God loves, the longer he continues in that dissimilarity of feeling with God, the longer he is likely to do so; and if he continues long enough in that variance with God, he may harden in it, and crystallize into a final permanence of character on the bad side. And a final permanence can come but onee, in the very nature of things. I do not say you cannot come back, but the question is whether you will. What can be the future of spirits when, they lose the desire to be holy? I believe they are drifting into perdition. It is possible a man may lose that desire in this world. I believe God cannot give a soul blessedness without; holiness. If there coula be blessedness without holiness we should say God is not just, and that the universe is not properly managed. You do not believe a man can serve two masters. You do not deny that character tends to become fixed. You do not disbelieve—you do not doubt—there is not a shadow of unrest in your mind as to the proposition—that a man cannot serve God and mammon. It is not possible in the nature of things for as to have two supreme affections. Such being our Lord's testimony concerning the future, what is His testimony as to the present ? I have askea you to look on Sinai; I now ask you to look on the cross. are to behold God as our Saviour, and, seeing EKra is such, we are to be glad to t&ke; him as our LoFd. It is not enough for you simply to take an ironclad oath, suoh M we nBe^ to re 1 n "' e ' n the United States every rebel t0 take. You have not done enough when you say, o«t of prudence, and possibly from enlightened selfishness " k now w^ftt * 5 best." You must lore muBt God's command, and you must yield your heart to Him, otherwise you have no faith. Some of you say that that the Bible instructs us to believe that if we accept as true the testimony of our Lord we are saved. Some of you think that it is written in the New Testament, "Believe the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved." That is not enough. It is written, Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, and you will be saved. There is a great difference between believing and believing in. I believe the statements of Congress, but I do not believe in all the members of Congress. I believe Voltaire and Rogseau when they make certain historical statements. I do notbelievein either of them as men. But I believe in Prince Albert, I believe in Thomas Chalmers and John Knox. What does that mean ? Why, I take them as my leaders. I am proud and glad to have them govern me in certain things. John Knox and Thomas Chalmers! why, I believe in them, and to say that is as much as to profess my loyalty to them. I give credence to their statements, but more than that, I am ready to march where they may lead. I am a perfectly faithful soldier under their generalship. Now, as I understand the conditions of salvation, we must not only believe our Lord, but we must believe on or in Him, and yield to Him in total, utter, affectionate, glad, and proud loyalty to Him, or we have not faith at all. Here is a soldier who hears of the success of the British arms in some one of your just wars. I think Great Britain, as well as other nations, has had sometimes an unjust war; but let us suppose a just war against rebels in India. This soldier hears there has been a victory in favor of the British power. A rebel also hears the same news. Both men believe that intelligence. Is there any virtue or vice in the belief of the victory ? No. But what is the difference between the two soldiers ? When this rebel hears. there has been a victory in favor of the British power he believes the report, and is so sorry that he takes up bis arms and marches to attack the British power. This other soldier when he hears the intelligence believes it, and is so glad that he shoulders his arms and marches to the front to defend the British power. The political virtue or vice lies in the attitude of the heart, and not in the attitude of the head. Here we are under the government of the universe, and.we hear that our one God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, is Ruler and Saviour; and perhaps we ail believe that at the bottom of our souls. You think you are to be saved in death because you believe God is in Christ. You think you are ready for the next world because you confess with your intellect that God is Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Why, this is only the belief that there has been a victory. There is no virtue or vice in that belief; but to believe iu it is a great deal more. This soldier believes in the British Empire, the other does not. Some of us, when we hear of the intelligence that God is Ruler and Saviour, are sorry, and so sorry that we turn away from the messenger who brings the news. We will have nothing to do with that government. We are really rebels. But there are others who, when they hear that news, are glad, and, utterly unworthy as they are to be concerned in any such warfare, they turn their faces to their Lord, ana behold Him as their Saviour, and take Him as their King, and shoulder their arms, and go to the front. Only this latter attitude is the true faith which works by love. Beware of all teaching which allows you to adopt careless conditions of salvation. I would not be on this platform to-night if I had not known, by the long and most highly valued evangelistic labors of our dear brethren; how anxious and exceedingly careful they are to set up high standards and put biblical ideas before religious gatherings, and not to preach a wildfire Gospel. Our dear friend Mr. Moody, whom I have assisted in Boston, is a man who preaches the undiluted GospeL Mr. Moody is in San Francisco this winter— a whiziing, wicked city. We must offer up our prayers for biB Buccess there, because he will have many difficulties to encounter; but God, I feel sure, will give him a triumph over them all. I believe a great career of usefulness is before our brethren on this platform ae as they go from town to town in these crowded islands. But what I and what they insist upon is that you shall not give the unconverted man advice which he might follow, and yet die unsaved. I was an evangelist for three years, and I think if I learned one lesson more thoroughly than another it was this—that inefficient advice may be given to the religiously irresolute, and do positive mischief. Here is a man who wishes to know what he shall do to be saved. You say, Read good books; and yet the man may die reading good books, and die unsaved. Reading good books is not going to the front. He believes God, but not in Him. A man might die unsaved attending religious meetings. It is not written in the Book that whosoever shall attend religious meetings shall be saved. You advise an unconverted man to converse with pious friends, but he might die doing so, and yet die unsaved. What advice you give a man such that he cannot follow up without accepting the conditions of salvation ? The only advice I can give him is the advice of the Bible—Look on the cross. Choose God immediately as both Saviour and Lord. All through the New Testament we are told that our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ is to be to us everything. Some of us have taken Him as Saviour, but we have not taken Him as Lord. That Book means we shall take Him as both, and believe in Him as both. So here is the advice I give to every unconverted man, Yield to God in prayer. What do I mean by prayer ? Adoration, thanksgiving, petition, confession, and selfsorrender to God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, as both Saviour and Lord. Look on die oross until it become* no crbfl's to bear the cross. fDo this here, on your knees, in spirit, at this instant. I ask you men and women to yield yourselves up wholly [and affectionately to God, and your fetters may be broken here to-night. Where is Robert Burns now ? With his conscience ? Has the salvation and peace of God come to him ? John Knox, John Knox, where is Robert Burns now ? Hath the peace of God come to his eyes and his brow ? The great eyes, the wild eyes, the brow ill at ease, With the rays from the White Throne hath he harmonized these ? It is not safe for you to go as far as Burns did when you are dealing with temptation. I wish I had more evidence of his conversion. I confess to you I want more evidence of my own conversion than Burns had of his. If I had a brother or a sister, I should wish more evidence. Great faculties he had, majestic emotions, but the moral law was not repealed for him. I think Burns, were he alive to-day, would be one of the foremost men to demand the shutting up of our Gehennas called whisky-shops. If he were alive he would be one of the foremost to inculcate on the youth of our time social morality. I believe he would thunder and flash lightning against all who support intemperance, whether by the open or secret selling of liquor, or by the open or secret social table, and by fashionable or unfashionable drinking. If you behold God as your Saviour you will flee to Him as your Lord, and all your rebellion will be melted in you. With the pit behind you, and the cross before you, you will flee to the cross, and lay down all your burden, by laying down all your rebellion. We will do that now. Let everyone in this audience unite with me in a moment of silent prayer, in order that we may all at once yield ourselves utterly to God, and choose Christ affectionately and irreversibly as both Saviour and Ruler. 