AUNT NAB,, CONNECTICUT'S WITCH. In a recent numberrof the Stasdard appeared a sketch'of '"Aunt'.Nab,S the renowned witch of PFairfield.' We' re member to have listenied with breathless silence and childish wonder to stories told of her by; one of her' contemporaries: The following one which was, believed to be truewe . distinctly;iecollect: In the immediate vicinityoE this notable person age resided an old gentleman of sterlig character.and worth-enough of a Presby terian' to 'defy witohes or devils,:and of " muscular piety and courage" to grapple ;with foes material or ghostly. Our hero was a farmer by profession and after he had forced the rugged soil to yield her scanty crop and the grain was 'safely garnered he frequently missed quantities from his bins. He watched the witch in vain.. She eluded his grasp and vanished into thin air whenever he thought he dis earned her in the darkness of night. These petty depredations continued, and he, becoming impatient, at last constructed an ingenious spring trap in his granary, and lo I 'the next morning when he went to his barn and there stood witchcraft em bodied to.human eyes, it appeared to be the veritable "Aunt Nab." The lord of the manor passed her without saying a word or apparently noticing her. After doing his "chores ' he was quietly leav ing when the'ghost in the trap called out, "Uncle Thomas, for God aske, let me go." Uncle Thomas was, however, deaf and blind just then, and after breakfast went out again to interview his game. The old woman made a .full confession and pro. mised reform, and she was released with the solemn warning of Paul to the Ephe sians-"Let him, that stole, steal no more." After a few months a daughter of Uncle Thomas who was a prepossess ing yoiung lady of fifteen summers, was awakened from her quiet slumber at mid night, a fiendish form stood beside her touch, and in an instant seized her by the 'lower limbs and with superhuman effort hurled her bodily through' the door into aer father's apartment.! The family, thus being rudely alarmed sought the cause. But the daughter was insensible and the. witch was invisible. Thegirl'sdfferedin. tenseljy forweeks snd gradually drew her knees to her chest, and was inthat condi tion for years, helpless and a, burden to her friends, but intelligent and skilful with needle and pen. After years and, when Aunt Nab " shook off- the mortal coil," the bonds were loosed. from the afflicted girl and she became straight and strong. She confirmed the above state.. ment and fully believed" 'Aunt Nab" was her tormentor.-American Paper: 