TO THE ED1T0E. Sir— Will you kindly permit me to say a word or two in reply to the letter of ** F.W.O.' in your yesterday's issue, us he there charges the Eignalman with a w&nt; cf vigilance, which mmpiy means a urgiixii ui urny i n lur oror three years have been roueh interested in the instant appearance of the tricolor at the maat head on West- terrace on the sighting of the in tercolonial steamere, and never have had tha ghost cf a complaint to make as regards the tign&lman.; Whenever it bus been clear enough seaw&xd; to distinguish anything afloat it has, without exception, been detected at nuy time be tween daylight and dark, bat it is sometimes so hazy over the Gulf that it is quite impossible to make out anything. ' F. W. 0. is in error with regard to the transfer of the signal from tho masthead to the yardorm, m I have always been given to understand that tbe change of position is made, not when the vessel paoaus the Sema phore, but when she passta tbe line of the nag staff, which I consider a very good arrangement, as it allows from on hour and a b*lf to two bones for persons anxious to meet the etetmers to get from town^U) the Port. I have had, and still have, faith in the West-terrace, signal, man, whom I have always found atr his po«t, and, tt the came time, always mo&t; courteous and obliging. I have no objection to tba Eign&k; being pl&ced; on the Pcst-Ofiioe tower, as there is a splendid look-out from the tower, tnd a plain code of signals placed in the v#atifanfeof (he Post-Office, I consider, would be en advantage tO'manjr ; but for my own part I woald much rathur see the time vessels pass Oapo Borda and Cape Jervis announced in reasonable time thin either. At present if a steamer puisoa Oape Jervis at 5 30 a.m. you know notuicg ef. it till from 8.30 to 9 o'clock, and soaietimso.even later than that, even in towa;j and at the Eort tha Telegraph Office does not open till 9-n.m., »o that you can get do information ther* till aft«r that time; and I certoksly tbi&fe; tli» publio ehonld be made acquainted with tho fact of vem- ls being signalled ut those stations in lee* than three hours alter the eveat. I am, Sir, fee, FtIB l'LAV 19 BONHl Pl.iT. 