NEWS OF THE DAY. . The match between Honlsn and Layeock has been.postponed until Saturday next, in tho ho po that the weather will render the race, possible. Tho trial of tho Land Leaguers in Ihiblin is likely to be moro rapidly finished, than was anticipated, as .the evidence of the ' large number of witnesses who were to becalled to shew tho hardships of evictions baa bean j rejected - in tho House of Lards, has declinod to stato . what measures of coercion tlrs Government intend to take. The cost of tho Afghan cara- p»tn iB officially estimated at £17,000,000. In Lancashire the great strike among the coal miners continues, and there is no immediate prospect of settlement. In Mexico tho Indians are becoming trpnblesome ; they attacked a coach and killed four of tho passengers, Tho Intercolonial Conference Imd several subjects of importance under consideration yesterday, hlr. Morgan,- tho Chief Secretary of South Australia, submitted a proposition that tho colonies should unite in the mainte nance of the colonial navy, and for fortifying important positions, such as King George's- Sonnd. The South Australian delegates, however, were tho only ones who fa vored tho proposal, and an amend ment submitted by Mr. Giblin, the Pre mier of Tasmania — that tho colonics, having expended large sums in the defence of their own ports, itvwas only roaRonablo that Great Britain should bear the whole cost of the fleet — was carried unanimonRly. . Mr. Berry gave notice of a proposal for tho restriction of Chinese immigration, and for tho preparation of a joint remonstrance to -the Imperial Go vernment; which will be discussed to-day. Tho subject of a Cnstoms Union was also dealt with. Mr Morgan suggested that tho New South Wales tariff should bo taken as a basis, but Mr. Vn!e submitted that no inter colonial tariff could bo deemed satisfactory which did not recognise tlio varying con ditions of tho colonics. After a long discussion, in which Mr. Berry firmly maintained tho policy of protection, it was agreed, as no united understanding could be arrived at, to postpone tlio question to the last, when thoso colonics who wero nt one could deal with the proposal. Mr. Berry has decided, under tho circumstances of liis prcsont visit to Sydney, not to take part in any protectionist demonstration there. A public mooting was held lost evening at St. Patrick's Itall, the avowed object of which was to express moral sympathy with Mr. C. S. Pnrncll nnd all others who nro endeavoring with him, legally- nnd constitutionally, to ro- drcps the wrongs of the tenant fnrmor3 of Ire land. Letters «f apology were read from Sir John n'RlniniWdr nnrl iVfftSftrs. IT. Hoi- ton, It. M. Smith and Pearson, M'h.'L.A, The chair was occupied by Mr. Loug- more, who delivered a speech based on the inodql of tho inflammatory harangues which have for months past been familiar to tho renders of tho IriBh papers. Not content with dwelling on many of the un deniable evils of tho land system in Ireland, he justified the acts of jigrnrian outrage hy de claring that Irishmen did not shoot for nothing. 'Mr. JJow, M.L.A., proposed a resolution, ox- pressing strong' sympathy with 'Mr. Panicll, which was seconded by Mr. J. 3. Walsh, and carried unanimously. .Resolutions denouncing tlio odious By stem of landlordism in Ireland, and arranging for the opening of a defence fund for Mr. Parncll and the others now being prose cuted for sedition, were carried. Tho. electors of East Melbourne will ap parently have no lack of choice of candidates. Messrs. Coppin ami F. Walsh havo definitely expressed tlicir determination to stand, and tho following gentlemen are mentioned »os possible . candidates : — Messrs. Walker, R. Harper, J. Dodgshun and Wm. G&unson.; Mr.. MTlwniitli has not yet made up his mind as to whother ho wjll offer himself for election or not. , It is understood that Mr. Service will very shortly fulfil his iutention of going to England on a visit. Mr. J. , M'Intyro, of Sandhurst, and Mr. Sainsbury, one of the late members "for Creswick, are mentioned amongst those who will he candidates for the suffrages of tho electors of Maldon when the seat is va cated. , Tenders are called for the construction of tho line from Shepparton to Rnmyrkah, and for the Eayiesford extension. Tenders will be called in about a fortnight for the 'construction of tho Jt. Arnaud and Do'uald line. The ATctoria returned to Williamstown early yesterday morning with tho Ministers aud other visitors who had. been on a tour to the Western ports. She made a rapid run from Portland, the passage occupying only .eighteen and a lialf hours. We learn from a private source that Mr. Robert Watson, late Engineer-in-Chief of Victoria, and now in charge of the survey party of the Transcontinental railway from Roma to the Gulf of Carpentaria, reached Mitchell Downs on the 10th inst., all well, and intended starting again the following day. Tho .quarterly report of the inspector of mining leased for the Sandhurst and Eagle- hawk districts has been receml by tho Mining department, and shows that there are 480 leases in work, covering oil area of 3!28d acres. The number of men requiring to be employed according to the lease covenants is 2090, and tbe number actually employed is 3464\. ' A report has been forwarded to the Coju- miatiiniiAP nf "Pnhlif WnvVn Kv TVTp Tlowfla/m engineer of the Yau Yean Waterworks, in ro- fereneo to the extravagant use of water at the Exhibition buildins and grounds. The report states that the -supply is taken from -the 24- inch main which crosses the gardens by two 6-inch branches, from which aro laid 1J miles of cast-iron pipes in and around the building. In addition there are also in use in the gar dens ,7500 feet of galvanised iron pipes from H to 2-inc-h diameter, fitted with 80 stand-pipes with hoso connections. ThecoHsumption of water from the stand-pipca is limited only by their discharging power, and tlio discharge is continuous. Tho flower beds have ,ahvay3 a saturated appearance, the' lawns being fre quently in an absolutely swampy condition, and the asphalted paths in various places re semble Btrcet paths after violent floods. Up to tho present the gardener, Mr. Sangster, had, notwithstanding remonstrance, used the water freely, irrespective of hekt or scarcity else where. While the largo consumption In the gardens .went on, two streams from tile buildings were flowing to absolute waste. Ono stream emptied itself Into tho channel in Rathdowne-street, and the.otbor was similarly conducted to the Nicholson-street channel. A moderate estimate of tho daily waste in thc3o two channels was about 450,000 gallons. Tho supply to the Exhibition was gratuitous, and there was no oificer on the premises to prevent waste. . Certain of tho Exhibition committees had undertaken to supply water for -various purposes, notably for garden irrigation and tho manufacture of ice. These arrangements must have been entered into withont the consent of or reference ,tp tho department, and no estimate of tho quantity that might bo required had ever heen submitted. Numerous complaints had this season been made by residents in varions districts of insufficient supplies of water for ordinary domestic purposes. On the hottest days thcro were few high points' in which .water had not remained on throughout the day. The additional quantity of water required for thoir officiant supply would riot exceed that now wasted at the Exhibition. No complaints of short supply wore made laet summer. No water should bo drawn from tho stand pipes or mains for irrigation during the day. There was always a high pressure in the vicinity pf the Exhibition at night, apd it would appear a matter of little difficulty to obtain all the water required for garden purposes be tween the hours of ton p.m. oud half -past four am., the latter being the latest at which such supplies should bo diverted for nse in the gardens, so as to reduce the demand on tlio mains for irrigation water to the minimum, and that tho fountain water be similarly utilised, instead of boing allowed to run to waste, as at present. Should the waste con tinue, it would bo necessary to place tho wfiplo supply for all purposes within the Exhi bition enclosure' under the charge of an. ex perienced officer of tho department. The Minister of Lands yesterday received a deputation from St. Amend, in which. district the Suppression .of Rabbits Act is about to be put into operation. The. deputation desired the Government to co-operate at once in tho matter upon tlio Crown lands of the district. Mr. Richardson pointed ont that the act, when before the Legislative Council, had been so much altered as materially to intcrfero with the object for which it had been intro duced being attained. He stated, however, that an offer had been ma'de by a party of men to destroy rabbits on Crown lands. All the men required was that the department should take charge of the skins, and pay the freight of fheir carriage to Melbourne. The men wero to receive the foil amount realised from the sale of the skins in Melbourne. The depart ment was prepared to enter into this arrange ment, and operations will be commenced at once. It is proposed to destroy tho rabbits with dogs. One man with ten dogs, it is" stated, will be able to kill twelvo dozen rab bits partduy. The men expect to earn about 15s. per day nt the work. Captain M'Eachern, of tiie ship Kir Jamset- jee Earaily, has presented the trustees of the .Public Library with a portion of the Viking's ship, lately discovered in Norway ; and also furnished them with a photograph of the ship. \- as she appeared during the process of excava tion. Commodore Wilson also hiti presented' to the galleTy an oil painting of the Ladyr Nelson, :the first ship that entered the Heads. Thcra,lp to bo competition in the formation tyf' AiwnWyo ' in -hletyoaito. A 'Victoeriim' Tramway Company is projected, vritli a capita of £300,000, in 300,000 shares of £1 eacld The pnvjfiioiia1 directors Include Messrs, Johrf M'lUyaiih (chairman), John Blyth, It. J/ Jeffrey, I\ VB. Wallace, Joseph Clarke, E. A "VVyiuic. Gcprgo Coppin, John Whittmghamj Ileury JIoyfc»> Andrew Eowan, Thomas Mon- bray, W. JC. Thomson, Henry Walker ami Agar Wynne. Tho proposed' objects of the company aro to Jay down, construct and work tramways and other means of transit in "Vie< toria, mid to mannfneture tram cara and othes vehicles for the carriage of passengers on tram ways. Application will bo mado to Padioi ment for the necessary power. Arrangements have been mado by Jtaitaft Telegram Company for the introduction of. q system for facilitating tho economical trans mission of telegrams between the Australian colonies and Europe. Tho codes prepared by tlio company may now be utilised for private messages where such is practicable, effecting thus frequently, a very considerable saving on tlio ordinary, cost. These messages ard translated before delivery to tho receiver, to( whom a copy in plain language only will bd banded. Tlxn company do not tako the ro«' Fponribility for errors in coding 'or translating, but promifio ovcry precaution to onenru . accuracy. The funeral of the lato Mr. A- K. Smith too# place yesterday, and was followed to tho Mel bourne General Cemetery by a numerous cow course of relatives and friends of the dcceaaedj The Rev. M?. Wilson fceld tbc usual services, in accordance with the PrtbyterianChorch,inthe house before tho removal of the remains, which wero preceded to tho place of intenncntbyf the Drnidfcal and Masonic bodies, of wliicb Mr. Smith had been a prominent member. Tba Hcrvicesnt tho grave, in addition to tho nsoaj religious ceremony, comprised those customoryf among Masons, and wero of a more thani usually impressive character. Tho palbbearera were Messrs. C. K. Smith (brother of the de ceased), T. W. Smith, Jas. Smith! ' David Smith (nephew of tho lato gentleman), Kcv; D. Ballantyne, Messrs. A- J Einlay, R Bell nnd Jas. Einlay. Owing to tho fact that Parliament is now in rfceess comparatively few members of the legislature were present, but the City Council; of which body the d ceased gentleman was a member, .was wcUS represented. The fyneral . arrangements which were of the most satisfactory descrip tion, wero carried out by Mr. A.' A. Sleight. Mr. J. S. Butters has been asked to allovrl himself to bo nominated oa a candidate for thd, vacancy in tho City Council caused by thd , death of Mr. A. K. Smith. The results of the lato examination of Stotrt school pupils for exhibitions appear in our advertising columns. The successful com- petitors are : — Arthur Colquhoun, William C t Ostermoyer, Fredk. H. Rickarby, J. Sj Washy, Haughton Farrell, Bernard P. O'Dowd L. W. Mulcahy and John Armstrong, Tho presentation of medals to volunteers,, for long and efficient service (15 years of effec tive service) will beheld at the Town Hall oni Wednesday next. A general order on tho subject appears in onr advertising columns. The hospital committee, at their meeting yesterday, adopted a very high-handed course in dealing with Dr. Thoraan, one of the resi dent staff, who, acting under the instructions of lii« honorary physician, declined to givo a Certificate of death in the case of the woman/ 0'DonnaU,who died under circumstances which| it was believed at tho time necessitated; an inquest. Tho inquiry was in the nature of a charge against the committee for their action in having peremptorily given instructions for stopping tlio issue of medi cal comforts to patients except the diet cards had been duly , initialled by the hqnorary stolf. Tho refusal of Dr. 'Thomas to give the burial certificate, and the nature of tbe evidence given by him at the . coroner s inquest, so aroused the iro of tho committee that yesterday he was called before them, and, after 'some preliminary hectoring from the chairman (Mr. Gillbee), waa wuiuuiArily dismissed. In roply to a suggee tion that 19r. Williams was the one more pro-; ' perly to be called to account, Mr. Lyons inge nuously explained that the committee could not get at the honorary physician, whereas the re-< sidcutwas well within their power. The rcL tions between the committee and the medical staff altogether appear to be by no means in oi Katiifnctqry condition. A special meeting of tlio coinmiswoners of tha Harbor Trust was held yesterday afternoon at tho offices, William-Btrcct, for the purpose oi considering a resolution by Mr. jNimmo foe tho rescinding of the motion passed at tha meeting held on the 2ffth JDeusmber, adopting tiio Harbormaster's report on tho question of special berths at Queen's nnd Prince's wharves. In" support of his action Mr. Nimmo contended that had the .connhitteo been, in possession oi r-nrtni n information which had einco trans pired they would not have consented ta the arrangement recommended by the Harbor master. They were not aware, he said, of tho objection which tho owners or the j./awn, i/iuia Jrercy ana jNeisoti had to their being removed to tho south wharf, nor of the reasons which they had urged in support of their opposition, viz., that the wharf there was too narrow to permit of tho vessels 'being worked properly, and that the extra expense which would be entailed if th'o steamers were berthed there would render it necessary that increased rates should bo charged for freights. Mr. lleid intimated his intention of supporting the resolution, an at- t».r.ipi to alter it so as 'to refer only to the steamers mentioned having failed oo a point of order. Mr. Lorjiner op posed tho rescinding, as it would have, tho effect of compelling the Trust to cancel the licences which had boon issued, and the foe from wlucli added £2000 per annum to tjm revenue. He cousidfcred that the commis sioners should accept the arrangement sug gested by the Harbormaster, whose experience enabled him to form a proper estimate of tho requirements pf each service. He also thought that the objection . to berthing at tho south! wharf was a sentimental one, and that itj would be seen afterwards that that would bel the most convonient for tbc trade of the port; 'Mr. Loader, while opposing any attempt tq rescind the resolution, thought that the trust might deal with the question expediently by 1- lowing%he useof berths on thenorth wharf to tho owners of the steamers referred to, while they wore not otherwise required, but on tho trodcr- > 1 standing tliat eventually they would hfkve tq accept the berths on the opposite' bank. He did not think that the commissioners should act in an arbitrary spirit, considering the diffi- . culty which was always experienced in divert ing trade, tho objections of the owners, and the fact that at no very distant date a new? bridge would be in course of erection over the Yarra. The motion was then submitted and negatived, and the proceedings terminated. A case possessing pccub'ar features, in which a young Jewess named Olaudina Fopengood sued, under the name of Cohen, for resti tution of a box, containing clothes and music, from Mrs. Elizabeth Timmins, was heard at the District Court yesterday. Tho plaintiff . represented that she worked in partnership with tho defendant as itinerant musicians. The plaintiff played' tho harp and the defen dant tlie concertina, and thoy travelled tbpQpgb country districts of Victoria, New South Yales and New Zealand. -Not long ago, while Miss Cohen and Mrs. Timmins were .following . their vocation in a fcownslup forty; miles from Deniliquin, the defendant sudv denly left plaintiff, and took with her the bofi belonging to IVIiss Cohen, leaving her abso lutely destitute, with tho exception of her harp. She wm then assisted by some persona kindly disposed towards her, and succeeded in reaching Sandhurst. Hero she amused partie3 at publichonses with music from her harp, and continued her -occupation as ' ozi itinerant musician. She at last reached Melbourne, where she found the defendant, who, on being requested to return the box and music, refused to do so. For the defence, tbo allegation! wero. douicd. The bench ordered the restiJ tution of the property. An illustration of remarkable ingratitude was given at the Flemicgton Police Court! yesterday, when a man named Philip DowlingJ formerly in the Education department, and) who until recently held tbe position of school master at the Catholic school, Es&endoxu; charged a Mr. William Bergin mid his son with larceny. It was shown that the defend dawts had uniformly befriended Bowling since ho liad fallen into unfortunate circumstance The prosecution appeared to be & most iuipu dent one. In cross-examination it was elicited from Bowling that on Saturday morning lasti Ixicausc ho could not obtain nionoy from Mrttf Ecrgin for drink, he walked down to the coarl house and swore tho Information. He olw tr.ined a search warrant, and prooeeded witti Mounted-constable Touis to. Borgia's houscy where lie pointed out .certain articles he had convoyed thcro himself to sell, end nllegr v they liad been stolen. It was further dicitod from Howling that he had knownBcrgin tliirty yearn, and did not believe ho stole tbte things. The pt osiding justices, Messrs. I)avi«f j. (chairman), Peck and Breese, remarked thatthaf | case was oue of the most disgraceful and fcnnaJ fpeir affairs ever brought under their notip? Uand promptly dfemissed it. 1 The following transfers of publicans' Kctsoccrf wore granted yesterday : — John Murphy td jiralgot Spre&dbwy.; fjrfjurg1 £xmt. Qfjt jtogwoad ; .Stephen Welch to Jus. B, XIoTne- fen, ' RochoBter Castle, Fitzroy ; Mftrgaret flyan to Annio Goldsmith, United Service tlotd, Emerald-hill ; Thomas Purcoll to Wm. Shcrridan, Brian Boni Hotel, Hich- CuoncL : On the night of the 1 4th inst. a male child Itvas abandoned at the walls of the Convent <>i ibbo Good Shepherd, Abhotsford. The child, Which was apparently about 7 months old, was crossed in a printed cotton dress, trimmed at the sleeves and m?ek with narrow whfte lace, and wrapped in an old black Btuff skirt. The child will be bought before the Collingwood bench on Friday next, and- will probably be reimndcd for. the production of the mother. \ At an early hour on Monday morning two hay Hacks, on the farm of Mr. Michael M'ahoney, .Thomas town, were totally consumed "by lire. The family were apprised of'.tho fire soon after it commenced, but all attempts on their part to subdue the flames were futile, They suc ceeded, however, in drawing somo drays and farming implements beyond the roach of danger. If the wind, which was blowing stiffly from the south, had been from tho op posite quarter, tho high and dry grass on Jvonio's dairy farm would have quickly carried the flames to his stitchs, Tho fields of mnn- fcnlds cultivated prevented the destruction Fprcading on the other sides. The stacks were 40 feet apart, and it id a suspioious fact that when the fire was first discovered tho flames were observed creeping up the sides of both Ftacks. Tho quantity destroyed is estimated at 100 tons, and is covered by insurance ip the fcoutll British office for .£230. A .reward of £20 is offered in another column for informa tion that will lead to conviction ; added to which tho company offers £100. ' The" eighth Annual Conference of tho Wes- teynu Churcli in Victoria and Tasmania will <mmcnco its sessions this morning at 10 l lock, in Wesley Church, Lonsdalo-strect. More than a hundred ministers are expected to bo present. Tho. first session is open to the public. This wock the business will be that on which ministers alone deliberate. On Monday next the United Conference, composed of ah equal number of ministers and lay re presentatives, will asscmblo. Tho annual con ference has merely administrative functions, having no power to legislate. The work of legislation is dono by the gcnoral conference, composed of ministers and lay representatives chosen by tho four annual conferences of the Wdsloyan Methodist Church in Australasia and New Zealand. 11) o next general confc-, rcnce is to meet in Adolaide in May. More than usual impottanco attaches itself to the Annual Conference which commences its work In Melbourne to-day, as it is the conference which chooses the representatives to the General Conference, and considers the ques tions upon which fresh legislation may be con sidered desirable. The traffic returns of tho Victorian Rail ways for tho week ending 13tn Janunry aro as follows—Total for the week, £28,438 2s. 7d.; aggregate to data from lat July, £728,029 5s. Id.; weekly average for 28 weeks, £26,022 9h. fid.; number of passengers, 84,407 ; milcn open, 1186. The corresponding returns for lost year were: — Total for the week, £26,f>73 10\. 8(1.; aggregate to date from list July, £6S3,873 lis. Id.; weekly average for 23 weeks, £24,424 Is. Id.; number of passen gers, 75,236 ; miles open, 1163. At Messrs. Gemmcll, Tuckett and Co.V rooms, in Collins-strcct, a number of valuablo paintings, collected by tho late Mr. R. rwentyman,' are on view prior to the sale on Thursday next. 'Tho collection consists of up wards of 100 pictures, chiefly in oils. Thcro are a few axoellcnt works amongst tho num ber, including several originals by M. Lciler, Moltino, Garmfield, Fanny M'lan; A John- itou and,G. A. Williams, " Tho fears which have for so long a time been ontortaincd by tho Sydney and Molbourno friends of Mr. Alfrod Claraon, artist," says tho S. AT. Ifei'ald, " were set at rest a day or two ago by his safo arrival from Queensland. Mr. (Jlarson, who wasKtn a sketching tour for tho Illustrated Sydney News and several European illustrated papers', had been missing from Brisbane for nearly seventeen weeks,, and no account whatever could be obtained by the police as to his whereabouts. His last letters t from Brisbane announced his iutention' to leave for Sydney in ten days or a fortnight, . snd grave anxiety was felt that at the close of seventeen, weeks no tidings had been heard of him. Tho matter was at length given into < the hands of tho Sydney and Brisbane police, and bis father visited Brisbane to assist in tho inquiry. It now . appears that tho young gentleman, having a week's leisure before tho sailing of the Elamang, was induced to 'visit ( the islands of Moreton Bay and make sketches the ptoturcscjuo scenery there to be ob tained. Banding at an island called ICarra- galla, about sixty miles from Brisbane, his companion left with tho boat to obtain ad ditional stores . from Cleveland ; but on reaching that place, in a gale of wind, ran into the jetty and smashed up tho boat. Ho appears to have made no' effort whatever to convey provisions or means of escape to Mr. 'Claraon, who whs thus left .alone for more than thrco months on tho island Without moans of communication with tho mainland or with othor of the numerous . islands scattered about this part of Moreton Bay within from twelve to twenty miles of Karragallo. Thirty pounds of flodr and half a pound of tea constituted tho only provisions on the island ; and with these, supplemented by oysters on the beach and a few bandicoots' which he managed to entrap, Mr. Claraon managed to eke' out a sort of existence for several mopths. At length an old square punt drifted over to the island, hnd, having ex temporised a pair of sculls, with these ho managed, one calm day, to row over , to an island called RusselJ Island, where he was hospitably received by Mr. and Mrs. Wills, and invited to Bpend with them the Christmas. It wad here that, his father and the search party found him last Saturday, not much the "worse for the adventure, but affording another ilinstration of the straits and risks tnose en gaged in modern journalism have to run in the pursuit of matter lor the entertainment _ofp the public." The New Zealand papers record the resigna tion of tho Nativo.Minister. Tho Otago Unify Times states that it has long been known that Mr. Bryce differed from his colleagues in de siring iqoro vigorous ' action relative to tho West Coast native difficulty, while other Minister held themselves bound by the understanding with Parliament last session, to follow tho lines of tho commissioners' recommendations, and not to take any new departure involving risk sf war unless fresh circumstances arose to ren der such a course unavoidable. A collision between Mr. Bryce and his colleagues on this score waB only narrowly averted two months ago, anil matters have been steadily culminat ing. The crisis was reached when Mr. Bryce insisted that an advance should bo made on. Parihaka by the 17th of this month, when tho regular meoting would be held in due course, and that To Wliiti should then be arrested under the West Coast Settlement Act, which ' he held applied to Te Wliiti. Ho maintained that tho tiiho had come to take prompt steps 'or the destruction of Te Whiti's influence by hfaperonal' arrost, and by the constabulary occupying Parihaka, which lie bejieved wo'uld finally. Bottl-3 ajul end tho natjvo difficulty there. 7 1 is understood that he made it his ultimatum that cither this should bo agreed to by tho Cabinet, or else he would resign liis offices. Ministers were unanimous in, disap proving of . such a fitip under present circum stances, deeming tho Government bound to carry out the recommendations of the West (.'oast Commissioners, as sanctioned by Parlia ment, l>efore biking any new departure, unless a fresh set of circumstances should arise to warrant prompt aggressive action. It was the unanimous opinion of the rest of the Cabinet that no circumstances had arisen which would justify Ministers in tho eyes, of Parliament and tho cbunlry in taking ro 'seri ous a step as a hostile advance on Parihaka and the arrest, of Te Whili, it being very- ques tionably moreover, whether lie had not been too rtutu to bring himself within tho Fcopoj even of so elastic an enactment as tho \v est Coast Settlement Act. They con sider that the difficulty was in a fab' way to pacific and permanent settlement, and that it would be a pity to disturb the present favorable course by any precipitate action, especially ns Sir William Fox had just beeli invested -with mew powers in the direction of a peaceful arrangement oQthe. dispute. Ou this point the difference betwoen Mr. Bryce and his colleagues proved irreconcilable, and ho ten dered his resignation, at the sapio time exprc'is- , ing the utmost goodwill and friendly feeling towards thorn, this being the sole point of dis sension. He, hpwever, had declared to Parlia ment that unless he could pursue the coursb ho deemed best adapted to settle the native diffi culty lie should n.cfc retain his portfolio, and as ho was overruled by his colleagues in what ho deemed an essential point of his policy, he would no longer hold office. Ministers deeply regretted his resignation, and did their utmost to disBuado him, but in vain. Mr. Rolloston will take temporary charge of tho Native and Defence departments. It will be some little, time before the vacancy is filled np, and no de finite views have yet been formed as to Mr. Bryeofa probable successor. Sir Wm. Fox and Mr Onnoqd are both mentioned outridy but there ia atroog reason to doubt tho probability of either taking office. The second of the. series of band contests was held on the Melbourne cricket ground last evening, tho attendance being larger than on the occasion of the first performance. Scvpn hands played, but there were actually orjy fiix in tho contest, tho Emerald-hill standing out owing to the unexplained absence of their bandmaster. On account of rain coming on slightly when about half tho programme had been gpnc through, those who had paid for admission to the gronnd only Wove allowed very kindly to take shelter in tho grand stand.. There will be a third contest this evening. The farewell concert to Signor Verdi, to be hebl in tho Town Hall, on Saturday next, pro mises to be a success. Tho box plan wilt be open to-day, at Allan's. Members of the chorus are reminded that the first rehearsal of Dr. Torrance's oratorio and cantata will tako pUeo thin evening, In tho Atkonwum, at a 'quar ter before eight. The Dev. ,k J. Westwood delivered his lecture on Tho Great Dyminitl lust Mo.ndav night, In tho Christian Meeting House, i'ralirau. Tlicro was a large and appreciative audience. Tho Melbourno Branch- No. 1 Australian Natives' Association will hold its usual fortnightly general meeiirfg tills evening, at eight o'clock, at Hoekln'a IWhih, F,lir.ihcth-Rtreet. A v.'oll attended meeting for tho advocacy of total abstinence principles was held on Tuesday, evening at the Temperance flail, Kur-sell-Gtrect. Tho chair was occupied by Mr. M. Wntcrsironi, i\nd the speakers were members of the newly atoctod committee, viz., 21e.-sra. ftoadford, Mamluviiio and lliw The following i? tho report of the Melbourne Hospi tal for Sick Children for tho woek ending 15tli January: — rationts lit hospital, $2 ; admitted during the week, 8 ; discharged, X : remaining in hospital. 37 ; total number of out-patients for the week 370 ; now cases, 05 ; casualties, 42. Mr. Meadcn will dolivor a lecture on tho Journey of Life, nt 8t. George's Prosbytorian Church, Colling- wood, oil Tuesday evening uoxt, when, by jtortnission of the commissioners of the Exhibition, a selection of the cantata music will besting by the Exhibition chorus. Tho proceeds will bo devoted to tho purchase of a cabinet organ for tho Sabbath school in connection, with the churcli. < A meeting of farriers was held at tho Clarence Hotel, Elizahcth-strcet, on Monday evening. About 100 farriers were present. >1 r. Thomas Rogers was in the chair. It was resolved that the annual piculo of the trade bo held on Tuesday, 15th February, at Chelten ham ; also, that all shops bo strictly closed On that day.. The following gentlemen -were elected a com- mittco of management, vis,, Messrs. Rogers, Egan, l'.Rnaeh, Parr, Martin, Houtcn, Bennett, Furley, Mount, Rainsford. Mr. Rom was olcctcd secretary. , Tho number of cooch relieved weekly by the comnfft- teo of tho -Mclbournb « Ladies'. Benevolent Society for tho fortnight ending 11th January, was Rum jics, 531 (numlicring IOCS individuals), comprising widows, 312 ; sick andinfirm, 7U ; deported wives, 40; wives whose hunbands aro in prison, 6; wives whore husbands are absent,. 11; -wives whoso husbands are ftartiully employed," 0»; do., unemployed, 10; aged couples, SO; ringlo women, 30 ; miscellaneous. 2. Outlay fur tho fortnight in relief cu'cnse, £120 12s. Ul.; Industrial Ilomc, inmates, 42 ; expenses for the fort night, .£11 2s. 8d.; earnings do., £21 3s. lid. Messrs. Geo. M'Quhy, Maiming and I«ce, tho gont-Ie- mcir who fonned the committee in connection with a lecture delivered by Mr. Joseph Suwroy in tlio Tera- plos'owe State polioo! on the badness of the Times on 27th Septcmh-.'r, 1870, liavo requested us to stnto that tho whnlo of tho proceeds, viz,, £4, has been deposited hi tho Melbourne Savings Bank until the amount can be supplemented by nnolbor lecture or on'tcrtninmcnt, when the whole of ttio lnonoy will be invested in prizes, as originally intended by Mr. Savvroy, and given to tho children attondiug-tho Tcinplcntmvo ttato school. Mr 8awrey generously banded over the- wliolo of the inoncy without any <ledmtiun 'whatever for expenses In connection with' the above lecture. Wo aro requested to correct a statement in a tele- graurhy our Castortou correspondent, which appeared on tiio S'.h inst, telativo to tho uululdo of ayoutig girl named Laura Clco, wbo'drownod horsclf ln a wntcr- hole at Ikdrgatlah, on tbo 0th inst. The tolegiain Stated that "tho letters left by deceased implied that the unkindncsS of her mlstrcas, who Imd falsely ncuuacd lier of stealing sundry articles of dress," had ' induced her to commit tlio act. Tho.letters, howover, conudn no reficnco to the clmrgo, but relate to tho illegitimate child of the unfortunate girl. The evi dence gWen at the inquest shows that tho mistress of deceased had aroused her of stealiug some trifling articles, ami had- threatened to glvo her in charge. Tho girl denied the accusation, and in -reply to the throat of sendtngfor tho polled said that she did not care what became of her. She committed suicide the same night. Received.— Through' Mersra. W. Sloanoond Co., a Chrivtmun supplement of the Maafaty Standard, published rsprely for distribution at tho Melbourne | Exhibition, in order t-o bring the resources af this sugar- producing district of Northern Queensland under prominent notico ; several illustrations of sugar plantations are given. Tho Christmas supple ment of Mm Auntralian Nnyazfne, dnvotod prinoi- pally to ghost ntorios : From f'ii. M.L. Ilutcidneon' tho prospectus, with specimen illustrations of tliuEngliab cdit/iuu of Harper's Monthly Magazine.. This Ameri can publication is one of tiio most deservedly popular magazines in the United fitltos, tho illustrations being of a very high order of incrit ; and it is intended that the English edition, whilo having special fcalme< of Interest, h1iu.1I in no way fall hclow tho Trans atlantic standard The fii'st numhqr was to ho issued In Peeombor. 'From George lioh.it son : Brett's New Zealand and South Pacific Pin t and nautical almanac for 1881-2-3, edited by I1. Tilly, navigating lieutenant it.N. Tiio object of tho work is to give in ns abort a eompasR us is compatible with accurate information and intolligoul description sailing directions for the coast of New Zealand, tho Pacific Islands and one or two of tho principal ports in Australia and Tasmania, From Mason, Firth and M'Culehonn, a Description of tho Empire of .Japan, with statistics compiled from -information furnished by tho JapancsD Commission to tho .Exhibition. A. \V. Unices olnco calender and tho Guardian. Xiro aud Life Asjuranco Company's calendar. 