THE ABDUCTED. CHAPTER LXX. Oh! what a tangled web we weave, When once we venture to deceive. — Scott. Immense sensation followed this announcement. The judge begged Mr. Linden to confine himself to facts. Serjeant Bellows and Mr. Mockley laughed outright. 'My lord and gentlemen of the jury,' said Charles Linden, 'I do not speak unadvisdely. I have devoted my whole mind for months to the unravelling of this plot — the investigation of this case. I have spent much time at Woodhurst Court, and have had long consultations with the Countess of Beaudesert, the mother of the lost child. From her I have heard details connected with the so-called Ghost of the Blue Chamber, which leave no doubt on my mind that for many years a person deeply interested in obtaining her hand, and removing all heirs to the property, has been masquerading it at Woodhurst Court. I have ascertained beyond a doubt that, while he repre sented himself as being at New York, he was lurk ing in the neighbourhood. He has a villa at Woodhurstville, and I am well assured he has discovered the secret of the subterranean passage, which report says, connects Woodhurst Court with Woodhurstville, and has availed himself of that passage, and of the superstitious dread the in mates of the Court all feel of the so-called Haunted Wing, to work out his crimes — among others, to carry off the child for whose murder the prisoner at the bar is indicted. I have ascertained that this person is, and has been for many years, connected with a hand, or rather a gang of desperadoes, one of whom, not having any actual hand in the crime, has turned Queen's evidence, and him I shall presently call. And I shall also bring before you a woman, a mugger, known by the name of Moon light Meg, also of this gang, from whose evidence my doubts as to the identity of the remains found by Widow Pike with the person of the lost child arise. This woman knew the agent employed, in the first instance, to kidnap the prisoner at the bar in her infancy; and to this woman, whose heart was touched by a resemblance between the accused and a child of her own, who died very young, the prisoner twice owed her life. 'My lord and gentlemen of the jury, the man whom I suspect of this conspiracy, and of the ab duction — not the murder— of the infant Earl of Beaudesert, this man, whom I believe to have per sonated the Ghost of tbe Blue Chamber, and to be connected with a gang of the vilest ruffians, is one who, in case of the failure of the heirs of the heirs of the Countess of Beaudesert, sole daughter and heiress of the late Woodhurst of Woodhurst, would be himself heir-at-law to the whole landed estate — and, by the will of his late uncle, who died from poison soon after be made that will, he would be, in case Lady Beaudesert died sine prole, sole proprietor of everything, residuary legatee — in short, Woodhurst of Woodhurst. When I add to all this that, from his early boyhood, he has been madly in love with his beautiful cousin, you will see how passion and ambition have gone hand in hand to make him resolve to destroy any whose claims must precede his. You will then under stand why, in the first instance, all his diabolical machinations had for their object the prisoner at the bar, and how, when the heiress of Woodhurst married, and bore a son, the death of both the in fant earl and the prisoner became necessary to his plot. 'The great question of motive, on which my learned brother dwelt, is clear enough in his case; and while I call God to witness that, while I be lieve the prisoner at the bar to be all she appears of innocence and purity, I also believe that the witnesses I am about to call will confirm the con viction which I have arrived at, after months devoted to this case, namely — that the real cul prit is Gaspar Mountjoy, nephew to the late Woodhurst of Woodhurst, and — failing the heirs of his cousin, Lady Beaudesert — himself heir-at- law, and Woodhurst of Woodhurst. 'My lord and gentlemen of the jury,' he added, 'you have heard an eloquent discourse and an amusing anecdote from the counsel for the prosecu tion, to the effect that the face is no index of the mind and heart; and you have heard the prisoner's name coupled with that of the murderess of her own father and of seven husbands, Beatrice Cenci. Had the learned counsel's friend known a little more, or had he inquired a little father, he, the learned counsel, would have found that Beatrice Cenci used the dagger only in defence of her honour; but be that as it may, while I own there is a common beauty that belongs alike to good and bad, I ask you whether any one can look on the prisoner at the bar and believe her guilty? My lord, and gentlemen of the jury, I pray God that, by the lamp of Truth, yon may see my learned brother's theory crumble to dust, and Justice smile on its ruins.' The young counsel sat down amid a tumult of excitement, surprise, and applause, which, by order of the judge, was at once suppressed. All the spectators were in a state of intense ex citement, and even the judge looked flushed and agitated. Matters had taken so extraordinary a turn that scraps of paper were hurriedly exchanged between attorneys and counsel; and even the judge, look ing scared and puzzled, whispered to some one on the bench, and handed down a slip of paper to the clerk of the arraigns. The result was, as it after wards appeared, an order to a police-serjeant to apply to a magistrate for a warrant at once to apprehend Gaspar Mountjoy. Mary was no longer pale and still, but was flushed and restless. Wild hope trembled at her heart, and danced in her eyes, when suddenly a strange thrill ran through the whole crowded assembly, for a tall, stately female figure, in widow's weeds, and closely veiled, was led in as a witness for the defence. Charles Linden hurried forward to greet her. Mary, from the dock, held out her arms towards her. A whisper passed from lip to lip, 'The Countess of Beaudesert!' By her side were Aunt Tabby and Mrs. Lacka day, both of whom believed in the innocence of Mary. Mr. Quickson at once commenced the examina tion of the witnesses for the defence. The first called was Moonlight Meg. She stated that she had known the prisoner at the bar many years, and had been acquainted with a party hired by Squire Mountjoy, when Mary was but a little 'un, to carry her off from Mayflower's cottage. To the question, satirically put by Mr. Mockley, as to the inducement offered to this party to incur so great a risk and commit so serious an offence, she re plied, 'Well, I suppose it wor made worth his while, or he'd never have meddled in it. But the Squire Mountjoy made out the child wor hor his'n, or he'd not have done it, whatever he'd offered.' She then said that the squire had remarked to this party that Mary stood in his way between him and Miss Woodhurst, she being a love-child of his, and he wanted her taked to Sydney, and kept there. She than related those circumstances with which the reader is familiar, and added, 'That it went sore against her to peach or turn agin a pal, but that she couldn't see goldhaired Moll, the very moral of her Bessie, swing for a crime she felt sure another had committed; and therefore she determined to tell all she knew.' In the course of her examination and cross-ex amination it also came out that Gaspar Mountjoy had been seen by one of the gang, who was out snaring hares at the time, to push Flora Flitter into the dark pond, having made an appointment with her there; that he had obtained poison through the agency of another of the gang — poison similar to that found in the remains of Mr. Wood hurst; and that he was suspected of instigating two attempts on the life of the Earl of Beaudesert — one in Coombe Wood and the other in Maple Wood. Of the details of the abduction or murder of the little lord she knew nothing; but she did know Squire Mountjoy had been in the neighbour hood for months unbeknown; that Captain Jinks and he constantly met among the rocks at Wood hurstville, or in the dark woods by night, and that it was supposed they had fallen out; that a large carpet-bag and tin box had been giren to Captain Jinks by Squire Mountjoy, and that the captain had sent a man, whose name she pretended not to know, up to town with this bag and box empty, and that be had returned with it 'chuck full;' and, as she believed, with the limbs of a child who had died and been dissected at an hospital in London. She expressed an opinion that Captain Jinks bad been desired by Squire Mountjoy to make away with the child of Lady Beaudesert; but she fancied he had not done so, and to conceal that fact, and yet obtain the reward Mountjoy had promised him, and have the squire in his power, had saved the heir and substituted the remains of a little hospital patient. She added that it was well known they had a pat connected with an hospital, and they had clothed the limbs in the night-shirt of the little lord. No cross-examination, no bullying on the part of Serjeant Bellows or Mr. Mockley, no astute question from the judge, had any power to shake this witness, to puzzle her, or to make her con tradict herself in the most trifling particular. She adroitly baffled, too, all efforts to make her confess the name of the man who had-been employed to procure from the young surgeon at the, — Hos pital the limbs of the little boy who had been probably secretly removed from to dissecting- table to do duty for the remains of the child of the countess. Moonlight Meg seemed to haver two great objects — the one to save Mary's life ; the other to conceal the name of the party or parties unknown who had carried off Mary from the Mayflower. When, very closely pressed as to the names of the kid nappers, she trumped up a story that there was at that time one Jack Smith, a mugger, who had since been transported and died, who was sus pected, and from whom she had learnt much of what she revealed from the witness-box; but she would not criminate herself or Jawing Jem. She pretended not to know who had been deputed to bring down the body of the hospital child from London; but or the fact she was certain. Moonlight Meg's examination, over, Captain Jinks was placed in the witness-box. In spite of his swagger and his impudence, he looked very pale and scared. He was very gaudily dressed in a fashionable, braided frock-coat of smart blue and faced with velvet, lemon-coloured kersemere trowsers, patent boots, a sky-blue tie, a great number of trinkets, a glossy new hat, his hair curled, and his whiskers and moustache dyed. He twisted them over and annon, and tried to appear unconcerned, but avoided looking any one in the face. He seemed very anxious not to criminate Gaspar Mountjoy, and at the same time to save Mary. The fact was when it came to the point, the idea of betraying a 'pal' became so odious to him — all villain though he was — that there was great difficulty in keeping him to his agreement. All that was elicited by counsel on both sides from this witness was, that Gaspar Mountjoy, having reasons of his own for wishing this child removed, had requested him (Captain Jinks), as a very old friend, to take charge of him. 'Do you mean by the term "removed,'' said the judge, 'that this said Gaspar Mountjoy wished him removed from this world or only from Woodhurst?' Jinks twisted his moustache, and after hum ming and hawing some time, replied, having been reminded that he was on his oath. 'I believe, my lord, he meant to send him to a better place.' 'By what means? asked the judge. 'By a colourless but very potent drug, my lord.' A shudder ran through the court. Captain Jinks continued, stating that the child, at dawn on the — day of December, had been con veyed by Gaspar Mountjoy to him in his night dress and a blanket in the shrubbery; that he understood the ltttle earl was dead; that he appeared to be so; and that all he (Jinks) had to do was to make away with the body and all the evidence of that painful fact; that for this pur pose he proceeded alone, and while it was still almost dark, to a very wild and lonely pare of the coast, and that while he was meditating what to do, he said the body, as he supposed it was down among the rocks; that lost in thought, he did not perceive that the tide was coming in, until a wave dashed over the child, and at the same time over his own feet, and that two or three more waves went over the boy, and then receded; that after this influx of the water and sadden immersion of the child, he heard a faint cry and a gasp, and saw the little fellow move, and that another very large, frothy wave approaching at the moment, he instantly snatched me child away, but not till the foam had dashed over him; that a shiver then ran through the child's frame; that he openedhis eyes, stretched out his arms, said 'Mary, where am I? I'm so cold, take me in your bed, Mary, do!' and then nestled into his (Captain Jinks's) bosom for warmth; and that from that moment all the energies of his mind, all the passion of his heart, were bent on saving this child. To the question from Mr. Mockley as to what the poison was and how and when it was ad ministered, Captain Jinks replied that he believed, but was no certain, that it was prosaic acid, dropped, after Mary had gone to the ball, into some lemonade the little lord always drank at night, but which, on this occasion, he took after Mary was gone to the park gates, held to bint by a hand he mistook for hers, and that the scream which followed was not heard, because the doors we all closed. He went on to say that, when the child revived, he wrapped his own cloak around him, and revived with him to a small public- house near the care, where he knew no questions would be asked of him, and then by the help of a good fire, an impromptu bath in a washing-tab, and some hot milk and rum, he completely re stored him to life, and having by that time formed his plan, and having reason for wishing to have something to hold in terrorem over Gaspar Mount joy, a slippery customer, and owing him one be sides for very shabby trick he had played him, he, while the boy slept, made a bargain with two fellows lurking at this public-house, known by the names of Mad Mike and Cussing Kit, to coast round to Dover, and then, crossover to Boulogne with the boy, and there wait further directions from him. ' I hftd fcoped,*,«attrCteptain Jinks, Ho have pro duced *h& noble boytin court to-day, a most im purtant -wfenea for \ the defence would he have -sen,as Z Sink even Serjeant Bellows would allow, but the lads I titrated him with say he's been stolen away from them; and. now where he is I have »ald«a. Bat I \give you my honour as a gentleman, rfhon X saw Mm last; %e was in perfect healthy and so Mad Mlk» and Cussing Kit say he was when they left Mm afc* &*&\- *&* at Boulogne to«o andtak* s- torn I^the fair at that place.' The earn* croBs- esamlnateion, which had been tried -upon MbonHgbt Meg *was essayed upon Captain Jinks* but in vatn. ? Toddies wa» then called iby«€harles Linden, and with & bw&rt; that hecred? Oreneatb. his fustian jacket, and. tears. chasing eaen other dotfn his sun burnt face, he bore witheflsj to Mary's conduct while living under Ms roof. After Toddies came Sir£F.n*ik Morris, who proved that tarffcoBTenctionf which Jflary had pro fessed to bare overheard, svA whlch.hatt induced her — fronv,W »wn account -r-to cross the park at dawn, a*d*e*By oooarred-butweeoJUr. Linden and himself. Theses* witness was the 7 Countess of Beau desert. Ererya»y» was straloted, every neck was stretched* every ear was attention; and as the countess entered., the withsss-box the excitement, which nad oee» «ulminatlsjr tiuonghonl tkis ex traordinary trial, waa at its iwlgfat. ' Ton am aware, Lady Beaojiesert,' said Charles Linden, 'tbst the eomwel forltbe prosecution has Eougtlt to prejudice- the Inrynflgainat tbe prisoner at the bar by describing her as ft foundling, tbe offspring, probably, of man's sin and woman's ehame. Can you wipa tbasetigma from her name ? Cam you and will you -Inform the jury who and what this young lady. i*P *I-can, and with Godf s help, I will,' said the countess, in a firm voice, though deadly pale the while. *Sne is my daughter, my legitimate daughter by my first husband, Oswald Egerton, my father's ward, to whom I was privately married, as soon as 1 wae of age, at the church of St. Blade's, Fleet,3trcet. Here,' and she took a paper irom her bosom, 'here is the register of that Dtarriaae. Let it be handed to bis lordship andto thefory.' * Andpwtjs my lady, were.youan Inmate of your father's iteftsft-when. you gave birth to that child,' asked Sfr. Mockler.' %* The conctadlhg-ehapterof ' The Abducted' will appear in to-morrow's (Saturday's) issue, and in the same number of the News will appear the commencement of a very beautiful story from the pen of one of the most popular authors of the day. 