THE: REV. W. KIL&ABL; OUT THE* REVISED Nli>F TESTAMENT. Tho Rev. W. Kildahl, at St. Paul's Church last Saaday night, continued his comparison of the accepted and revised editions of the New Testament. There ras a good congre- Ltion present; and, on opening his remarks Bt night, the rev. gentleman said that the more he studied the revised edition, the more he saw its value; and he invited his congregation to meet him* every Wednesday evening, in the schoolroom* to read through and compare the two. He said it was not a new doctrine that was told in the revised Testament. There was no-, attempt at innovation in it. There was no attempt at perversion, for the purpose of supporting previously-conceived opinions. It was the same gospd, and the same Jesus—the same terrible denouncer of hypocrisy and sin; the same foreteller of eternal punishment; the same kind receiver of the penitent, and the same to those willing to giv& up their sin. It breathed the same spirit—urging to activity in our spiritual lives;, leaving us no excuse for failing to work, oat our own salvation ; telling us still that it is good work in ns to da. the will of UodL Some hoped in the revision for alterations by which they would find some loophole through which to escape some irksome duty or follow some particular pleasure. Some wished to find scope for free thought on the subject of future punishment. Bat -it declares even more forcibly than the old edition that punishment of the sinner who dies unpenitent shall be as eternal as the glory of the saved. He said he rose continually from tbe perusal of the revised version more confirmed in the faith and more particularly in the faith of the Anglican Church. The rev. gentleman then proceeded with his comparisons, beginning at the first chapter in the Acts of the Apostles. In the relation of the occurrences of the day of Pentecost, the tongues of fire are in the new version described as " tongues parting asunder," the word parting having the force of distributing signifying the separate gifts of the Holy Ghost to the Apostles. Instead of the " breaking bread from house to house," we now read of the apostles " breaking tlte bread at home"—the universal form of speech found in the Testament when speaking of the communion of the Lord's Supper. The doctrine of predestination could no longer take the text, "And the Lord added to the church daily such as should be saved." Much controversy had arisen over the force of the word " should," and an indefinite idea of its proper use, as well as that of the word "would, when the authorised version was translated, had caused many difficulties to some people. The text now read, "added daily to the church them that were being saved."- Barnabas is now entitled thesonof "exhortation,"not "consolation." Theapostlee "rejoicing thatthey were counted worthy to suffer shame for His name" now, reads "worthy to suffer dishonor for His name." Simon, the sorcerer, is now said to have "amazed," not " bewitched" the people of Samaria. In the new edition, the verse where the Ethiopian ruler is said to have declared, " I believe that Jesus Christ is the son of God" is eliminated, The phrase, "It is hard for thee to kick against the pricks," written on account of Saul's con-, version, is also omitted from the new version as not being found in the manuscripts. Instead of the ambiguous expression, Cornelius, "in a vision evidently abont the ninth hour," we read, "in a vision openly, sa it were, about the. ninth hour." Instead of "For David, after he had served his own generation," we read "For David, after he had in his own generation served the counsel tf Qod," Athens is not now described as 41 a city vfholly given to idolatry," but as "a city full of idols." The inscription on the altar Paul speaks of in his address to the men of Athens, reads in the new version "To an unknown god," not "To the unknown God;" and in the same masterly address, instead of tbe expression "hath made of one blood all nations of men " is substituted " made of one every nation of men." For "certain of the vagabond Jews," we read " certain of the strolling (or itinerant) Jews." After Paul's pf£&Ching; at Troas, instead of " had broken bread," it is written, " had broken the bread." In St. Paul's address to the elders of Ephesus, the overseers are styled " bishops.*' This phrase, the rev. gentleman pointed out, was agreed to by divines engaged in the revision, who represented other denominations besides the Episcopalian. " And the times of this ignorance God winked at," is now writ, " the times of ignorance therefore God overlooked. In the old version certain disciples of John were made to say to Paul, at Corinth, " We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost." The modern translation reads, '' whether tbe Holy Ghost was given." "To gain favor with the Jews, Felix left Paul in bonds," is substituted for "Felix willing to show the Jews a pleasure left Paul bound " There was a great change in the bearing of Agrippa's much-quoted reply to Paul on the occasion of the latter's defence, instead of the old phrase—" Paul almost thou persuadest me to be a Christian," the contemptuous , "'With but little persuasion thou woufdst fain make me a Christian," is accredited to Agrippa. In the graphic description of the shipwreck the phrase, "And when they had taken up their anchors," changed to "And casting off the anchors." Passing on to the Epistle to the Romans, the first correction noted was of the "That is that I may be comforted together with yon by the mutual fa:th both of you ami me," reads " That is that I may be comforted iu you, each of us by the others faith, both yours and mine." "But was let hitherto" r -i ij " but was hindered hitherto." 'The jusi shall live by faith" is now "The righteous shall live by faith;" and for "who hold the truth in unrighteousness" "who hold down the truth in unrighteousness!' is writ. In the list of sinners, "whisperers, backbiters," aire described as "whisperers, backbiters, hateful to God." "Who, knowing the judgment of God that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in thenr that do them," is altered to " Who, knowing the ordinance of God that they which practise such things are worthy of death, not only do tbe same, bnt also consent with them that practise them." The originally written sentence, "Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the works of the law," reads now, " We reckon, therefore, that a man is juttified by faith apart from the works of the law." The phrase "Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God, now runs, '' Bfeing therefore justified by faith, let us liawe peace with God." " Tribulation woið patience"' becomes "Tribulation werketh probation." The word "atonement," which only occors once in the Bible, lias-given placets "reconciliation." "Many were made sinnea? is now rendered "The many were made- sinners." The passage, " But God be thanked, that ye were the servants of sin, but je have ooeyed from the heart-that form of doctrine which was delivered you," is now translated "But thanks be to God, that whereas ye were servants of BO, ye became obedient from the heart to that form of teaching whereunto ye were delivered." " The glory that shall be revealed in us" is rendered " the "glory which shall be revealed tti usward." The foregoing were the alterations and amendments detailed then by the rev. gentleman as tha .result of his researches in the " Acts of the (Apostles " and the first part of the " Epistie iof the Romans,*"and he proposes continuing 'his disseitation^ on the new and old versions next Sunday cigjit. 