THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROOKXBSION, our. KH3I1TS, AND ODE ntsooitcca. SANDHURST, FRIDAY, AUG. 26, 1881. SIR 0. G. DUFFY AM) IRELAND. WE learn by submarine cable that Sir Charles G, Duffy has determined to re- enter politi cal life in the United Kingdom, and that he will probably lead the new Irish party. So there is a new Irish party after all, and the comical illustration of the old legendary tale of the Kilkenny cats in the London Punch only typifies political events in the immediate future. In one of the cartoons of that amusing journal two Irishmen are represented; each, with a large club grasped I between his teeth, is looking ferociously at the other, and stripping off his great and only coat for the combat. The motto of one of the belligerents is, "No Land League tyranny," and that of the other, "Parnellfor ever, and no rents at all." If our former Minister of Lands and Premier re-enters publio life in Ireland, "Victoria in all pro bability will see him no more, but wo shall bo consoled for that loss if lie succeeds to the leadership of the Irish party which can only be effected by the total discomfiture of Parnell and his party. We find by a telegraphic message from the London correspondent of the JIJc that Sir C. G, Duffy has published his opinions on the Irish Land Bill. He eulogises warmly the courage displayed by Mr. Gladstone and his colleagues in grasping with a subject surrounded with so many difficulties. He characterisos the Land Act as " a glorious measure," and one from which he anticipates great results. He mentions, however, so says the telegram, that it will bo desirable to continue the agitation in Ireland, in order that an active public opinion should secure the fruits of the measure from being lost. We cannot comprehend the Knight's reason ing on that head, as wo imagine the fruits of the Land Act, which has now received the Royal sanction, can be better secured by peace and quietness than by diverting the mind3 of the farmers from their industrious pursuits, whilst public opinion is being reorganised by professional agitators. How ever that part of Sir 0. G. Duffy's public mauifesto might admit of a different reading to that conveyed in the telegram. We may conclude, after considering the laudatory terms in wliich Mr, Gladstone is re ferred to and the "great expectations" anticipated from the "glorious measure," that Sir Charles will cross the channel as a missionary of peace to Ireland, and that the public opinion he will endeavor to foment will be the advisa bility of suppressing the land leagues, and inculcating on the tenant farmers the manifold advantages of the great boon they have received, and the best mode of utilising Owing to the tyranny of the land leaguers there has been a great secession of tenant farmers, and the new party is daily gaining strength. At the head of that party we presume Sir Charles will stand, and then the battle between himself and Mr. Parnell for supremacy will be sharp, incisive, and of very brief duration. Sir Charles Gavan Duffy has always been a formidable antagonist as leader of a political party, particularly when opposed to a gentleman of his own nationality. O'Connell himself had to give way to the leader of the young Ireland party and his gallant young aide-de-camp, Meagher of tho Sword. O'Connell gave up the ghost at Genoa, Meagher expiated his offence partly in our neighboring tight little island, but rehabilitated his character, and won his spurs with his flashing sword in many a hard fought field in America. Mr. Duffy took part in tho government of this colony for a few years, and his duties were indifferently well discharged it may now bo admitted. For these services he was knighted and deco- ' rated with the Order of St. Georgo and the Dragon by a forgiving sovereign, and amply pensioned by our own appreciative colony. Whilst in this country, even Sir John O'Shanassy, whoso tongue is said to be an antidote to any available amount of venom, sank before the pennon of tho fear less Duffy. However, if Sir Charles, in conquering that dragon of discord, Parnell, succeeds in giving peace and contentment to Ireland, all his former perversity will be amply atoned, and he will bo well entitled to any further honors or offices of profit his grateful sovereign may deign to oonfer. What Ireland really wants most now is neither agitation nor public opinion, which j is nothing else than a new- fangled namo for fancies emitted in soul-stirring words by: soma turbulent agitator, and received with shouts by mobs wherever he goes. What the Irish farmers most require ia. peace at present, when prosperity will in the future attend their own industry. All ideas of; those futile delusions about Repeal and Home Rule should be given up once and for ever. What ia the use of any particular form of Government, but a means to an end-an in crease of the sum total of the people's happi ness, and what tenantry in the Empije are better provided for than those in Ireland, by the land law now passed ? Above all things, we sincerely hope the people of Ire land will discountenance and stamp out that infamous and repulsive organisation Fenianism, if it again appears among them. HEFFERNAN V. WATSON.-The case of W. Hefferuau v, J. B. Watson came to an un expected termination in the Equity Court yesterday. It was settled by compromise, the plaintiff agreeing to pay the defendant £30,000 for all the properties, stock, and ohattela which formed the subject of the suit. The compromise arose out of the plaintiff, when under cross examination by Mr. Purves, stating that he would give £30,000 for the property now. The transaction is to be concluded within two mouths, and if not concluded by that time the bill is to be dismissed with costs. The de fendant is to receive and retain rents in the meantime, and on the completion of the sale an order is to be taken to stay further pro ceedings, each party paying his own costs. The following are the precise terms of settle ment:-"Defendant agrees to sell to plaintiff all the real properties the subject of this suit, and also the chattel property so far as still in exis tence, including progeny of seized stock for £30,000, sale to be completed within two months from this date- possession to be given on com pletion-defendant to receive and retain rents in the meantime. Mutual releases of suit and all matters between parties to be executed. If sale not complete within two months, bill to be dismissed with costs; on completion of the sale within two mouths, order to be taken to stay further proceedings in this suit and common law action, each party to pay their own costs. . 25th August, 1881." This memorandum was signed by Messrs. Crabbe and ICirby, as solici tors for Mr Watson; and by Messrs. Daffy and Wilkinson, as solicitors for Mr. Heffernan. A CONTAGIOUS WARD,-A meeting of the joint committees of the asylum and hospital Sun day committees was held yesterday afternoon, in the mayor's room, at the Town-hall, for the purpose of considering the best means to be adopted for the erection of a ward at the hos pital for cases of contagious disease, The fol lowing gentlemen were preseut, viz., the mayor and Messrs. Howard and Hayes represent ing the hospital, and the Ilevs. Dr. Nish and T. E. Ick and Mr. J. H. Abbott representing the Hospital Sunday committee, and Messrs. Herman and Birch representing the Benevolent Asylum, The Mayor occupied the chair. The Rev. T, E. Ick having stated the purpose for which the meeting had been convened, a dis cussion arose as to the nature of the cases to be admitted to the proposed ward. Mr. Howard moved, and Dr. Nish seconded, that the proposed ward be erected for the recep tion of all cases of con'.agious disease, except small-pox, Asiatic cholera, leprosy, and the like. The resolution was carried. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Herman, and seconded by Dr. Nish, that the Mayor be requested to convene a public meetiug iu sup port of the movement, to be held in the police court on Thursday, 8th September, at 8 p.m. On the motion of Mr. Herman, seconded by Mr, Hayes, the Revs. Dr. Nish and T. E. Ick and Mr. Howard were appointed a sub-committee for the purpose of arranging for the public meeting. THE MINING BOARD ELECTION.-Yesterday was the last day for receiving nominations of candidates desirous of filling the extraordinary vacancy iu the Sandhurst Mining Board for the Sandhurst Division. The following nominations were received by the returning-officer (Mr. G. Maynard);-Morris Collmann, Thomas Kemp, Archibald M'Intyre, Jonathan Neal, I.ouis August Samuels. TUB WATER SUPPLY.-Yesterday the water was turned off" from the Crusoe reservoir pending the carrying out of some repairs. The water from the Big Hill reservoir was turned on to supply the town, so that only the higher levels of the city were affeeted. In the lower portions, however, the difference from the usual pressure was very noticeable. The water is to he turned on as usual at S o'clock this morning. TEMPERANCE MEETING AT EAGLEHAWK.-A public meetiug, inaugurated by the Sandhurst Sub-district Independent Order of Rechabites, was held last evening iu the Town Hall, Eagle hawk. There was a fair attendance despite the unfavorable aspect of the weather, all the different branches of the order being well repre sented. The concert which took place was a very enjoyable one, all the vocalists who took ! part acquitting themselves iu a most creditable manner. Mr. Offeruan, the president of the Eaglehawk branch, occupied the chair. The Rev. Mr. Copeland, who addressed those present, spoke at some length on the advantages of total abstinence, and the evils of intem perance, ascribing more than one-half of the crime committed to that source. He said that it had been computed that over four millions was spent annually in drink in Vic toria. He would like to see the day when there were no public houses, but rather than deal harshly with the publicans he would rather see them all pensioued off. There was more to fear from the curae of drink than from the disease of small-pox, about which so much was aaid. He thought that aa it had been found ex pedient to give instruction in State schools about tlio distinction between venomous and harmless snakes, and on the way to rescue the apparently drowned, the children of the schools should be warned against the evils of intemperance. Ad dresses were delivered by others during the evening. The members of the Wesleyan vocal and instrumental choir contributed much towards the success of the evening. LAST FREE GEOLOGICAL LECTURE. - The twenty-seventh and last lecture of the free series will be delivered by Mr. William Nicholas, F.G.S,, in the museum of the School of Mines to-night, The subjects of remark will be Percolation of surface water into mines, and .continuous ro-pumping of tbia water; investi gations of quartz veins; proofs that reels are animate things; brief sketoh of the death of a quartz reef; reefs and trees compared; great similarity between them; birth of quartz reefs; rocks pervaded by water; how cavities in basaltio rocke are filled with zeolites, agates, etc.; flowers of the rooks; how lodes and quartz reefs have grown. Illustrated by numerous specimens, diagrams, and views through the scioption. CONCERT AT GOLDEN-SQUARE.-A concert was held on Wednesday evening in aid of the Golden-square Fire Brigade; a good programme was provided and the hall was crowded; the hou, 1{. Clark presided. The audience seemed to enjoy themselves thoroughly. A torchlight procession took place, in which several of the other brigades took part; the Bendigo Drum and Fife Band led the procession. The Sand hurst Drijm and Fife also gave their patronage. After the concert the Mohawk Minstrels played a farce, which kept the house in roars of laughter. The room was then got ready for dancing, which was kept up until an early hour in the morning, the variouB uniforms of the brigades and bands lending a lively appearance in the gaslight. This brigade seems, by the manner in which the residents support them, to bo in high favor, and last night's entertainment ought to result in a financial success. DEATH OF A CHINAMAN. - The Chinaman whose death was reported in our issue of yester- day had been a hawker, and a resident of this district for some 24 years past. For the past few months he had complained of pains in the back. A Chinaman named Ah Sue looked after him, but did not think his illness was a serious one. He got worse, and died on Tuesday the 23rd inst. Another Chinaman named Ah Goon, was with him before he died. An inquest was held yesterday by Mr. Strickland, when Dr. Hugh Boyd deposed that on post mortem, ex- amination of the body, he found it to be that of a Chinaman about 40 years of age. The body was in a very spare and emaciated condition, but there were no external marks of violence. The lungs were slightly congested, and the liver was undurated, the heart normal, and both kidneys presented a condition of fatty degeneration, and tha right kidney had been acutely congested. All the other organs were in a normal state. The cause of death was Bright's disease of the kidneys. A verdict was returned accordingly. CITY POLICE COURT.-Messrs. Samuel and Harcourt, Js.P., presided at the City Police Court yesterday. On the application of Mr. Motterani two cases of obscene language and assault were adjourned till Tuesday next. Oue debt case was struck out, DEATH IN THE BENDIGO HOSPITAL.-The following death was reported at the Bendigo Hospital last night:-Mary Foley, 40 years of age, from poritouitis. She was admitted on the 21st inst. ENTERTAINMENT IN THE TEMPERANCE HALL. Last night the first of what is to bo a aeries of entertainments in aid of the Free Library was given in the Temperance Hall. The attendance, considering tho very disagreeable and wet state of the weather, was yery fair, and those present appeared to enjoy the entertainment very well. Mr. C. Perry occupied the chair, and songs wero most pleasingly rendered by Misses M. Hughes and M. Junghenn. Mr. Roach gave a comic song, which was well received. A most intereating and instructive lecturette was given by Mr. J. T. MofStt on "Books." Headings by Messrs. P. J. Paul and J. M. Harcourt were appreciated; as was also a recitation by Mr. Meggs. A number of selections were rendered in splendid style bv Northcott'a excellent band; and on the whole, although sevtiral of those who had promised to assist were absent, a very enjoyable evening was spent. THE WEATHER.-The weather yesterday was very wintry. Several showers fell throughout the day, aomo of them being pretty heavy. The night was very, threatening, and there .was a farther fall of rain. THE GAMBETTA TESTIMONIAL.-The employ&a; of the Great Efoijthern Company are requested, by-, advertisement? elsewhere, .to ifieefc .a't Gromann's 'Hotel to-morrow evening, at'half* past seven, to take part in the presentation to Mr, Chas. Gambetta, A DIAMOND WEDDING.-The. celebration of a diamond wedding, the sixtieth anniversary of a marriage, is an unusual occurrence anywhere. Laat evening, however, at the Masonic Hall, a most enjoyable ball marked that happy epoch in the married life of Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Lewis, of Sandhurst. The united ageB of this happy, long-married couple makes a total of one hundred and seventy-eight years, Mr. Lewis' age being 9S, and that of his wife SO. Not only have they lived to see their grand-children, but their great grand children. Last evening Mr. and iMrs, Lewis were the recipients of the most hearty congratulations of the numerous guests who en joyed their hospitality, and many and sincere were the wishes that the couple who had lived so long to participate in the happiness of a joyful and contented career, would coutiuue to do so for many years to como. HOUSEBREAKERS.-During the past few days there have been numerous complaints of attempts on the part of thieves to effect an entry into the dwelling houses of some of tho residents out Iroubark way. Householders should be careful about their property, especially under cover of darkness, which is the time these depre dators commit their housebreaking. CENTRAL LODUON FARMERS' UNION.-This afternoon at one o'clock, at M'Cartin's Hotel, Shulbourne, a general meeting of the Central Loddou Farmers' Union will be held, to con sider tlie abolition of the duty 011 corn sacks, railway extension, and tho separation of Eaglo hawk from the electorate of Mandurang, PROBATE AND ADMINISTRATION.-In the Equity Court yesterday before His Honor Air. Justice Holroyd, probates wore granted to tho wills of : -Margaret Deau, £15,000; Jonathan Harris, £1,033; Frederick Moore, £3,800; F. J. Pirani, £3,000; Thomas Pankhurst, £1,612. Letters of administration were granted in ,the estates-of Edmund Kirwin, £1,435; Jas. Lewis, £5,600; Charles Upton, £1,000 ; John Valence, £1,254, Ellen Hill, £1,100 ; and Mary Newman, £500. The registrar granted pro bate to the wills of-Joseph Trahan, £449 ; Mary Jane Stander, £350; Michael Devitt, £180; Chas. Newton, £263; William Thos. Boxall, £490 ; Mary Caddy, £17; Sarah Robertson, £257; William Otter, £330; John Torrens Witherow, £4644 James Newlen, £110; Ber nard Theodore Schmidt, £410. The registrar also granted letters of administration in the estates of George Robert Robens, £341 ; Cathe rine M'Kay, £40; Duucan M'Allister, £406 ; James Gilchrist, £215 ; Esther Hicks, £175; Charles Boding Evaus, £102 ; Peter Magin, £91; John Van Bargen, £358; James Larkins, £354; Henry Downward, £24 ; Robert Shotten Sutton, £21 ; and George Sackville Cotter Butler, £50. TIIE NOVELTY SHOW.educated pigThe exhibition of Madame Leak Thomson, a lady who was born without arms, in the Camp Reserve, is truly one of a most extraordinary nature, as showing the truth of the old adage, that "necessity is the mother of invention." The wonderful facility and expertness with which she uses her feet and toes in picking up a small needle, threading it, and knotting the thread, is only eclipsed by the exceeding neatness with which she sews, crochets, and works bookmarks, etc., while her writing would do no discredit to a well educated lady who was blessed with hands. Bismark, the educated pig, is also a perfect wonder in his par- ticular line, and must have received a lengthened training to be able to "euchre" his opponent as he did last evening. The show is well worth the small charge for admission. The Rochester Express says:-By reason of what appears to be the abandonment of the parochial district of Rochester and Corop of the Bishop of Melbourne, the members of the church committees, with one exception only, have resigned. The Qtelong Advertiser has heard from the best authority that there is no truth in the re port that the Bank of Victoria and the National Bank of Australasia are to be amal gamated. An old man named Daniel Ryan, a butcher by trade, was charged at the Rochester Police Court on Wednesday with having attempted to commit a rape on a little girl named Sarah Moore. He was remanded for a week. THE STATE FORESTS.-The conservation and manacement of the State forests formed the sub ject of the deliberations of a conference of dele gates from local bodies held at Daylesford on Wednesday, Resolutions wero past affirming the necessity of checking tho present wasteful destruction of timber, and the conference expressed its opinion that the proper preserva. tiou and management of the forests would be best insured by the establishment of forest boards, constituted similarly to the Harbor Trust, and with power to utilise any surplus funds that might be derived from the forests / for the purpose of maintaining the main roads. -Argus. A DANGEROUS OCCURRENCE.-The Herald says:-What might have resulted in a serious collision on the main line took place on Thurs day morning. Shortly before eight o'clock two heavily laden grain trucks dashed through the gates at Footscray at tho rate of over forty miles per hour smashing the up-line gate to atoms. Upon crossing the points at tho Footscray Junction at such a speed somo minor damage was done. It appears that tho runaway trucks had travelled all the way from Lancefield road siding, where some shunting was being carried on. Tho wires were at once used, and upon the receipt at North Melbourne the station-master and assistants had the points placed in a position to divert the trucks from the passenger line. Considering the half-hourly trains that run to and from Williamstown and Essendon, it is a miracle a collision did not occur. AMERICAN WALTHAM WATCHES were Awarded the Only Two Uold Medals at tho Melbourne International Exhibition, 1880-1, being Higher Awards than auy other Exhibitors of watches cceivcd.-\ AD . 