CONTINENTAL GOSSIP. . , (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT "STELLA.") PARIS, OCT. 23. The extreme quietness with which the marriage of Mdlle. Grevy has taken place, has naturally disappointed the good people of Paris, who like to have, if not " a finger, at least a poop, into every social " pro " of the period. The civil marriage of the daughter of the third President of the Third French Republic took place in one of the drawing-rooms of the Elysee Palace ; the religious marriage was performed immediately, according to the Catholic ritual, in the chapel of the Palace, after which the bridal party drove to a Protestant chapel and concluded the wedding by a marriage according to the Protestant ritual, in consonance with the convictions of the bridegroom. Only some 20 guns , including M. Gambetta, were present at these ceremonies, at the close of which they sat down to an elegant lunch, which was followed by a reception, and the new couple started at a p.m. for the magnificent Chateau de Chonouceaux, the property of M. Wilson's sister, Madame Pelonzo, where they are spending their honeymoon. There was no display of gifts, not even a sight of the trousseau, to satisfy the curiosity of the outer world. The new Madame "Wilson the not fond of finery and all the preparations for her now state of existence are stated to be simple, substantial, but without any straining after the quintessence of novelty and elegance so much in vogue at the present day. But although no public inspection was granted to the world, the few intimate friends who were allowed to see the trousseau given by M. Grevy to his daughter have kindly managed to let it be known that the paternal gift was contained in a handsome artistic cabinet, the secret drawer of which are damask lined caskets, each of which contained a surprise. Among the contents of these caskets were two pans of rich old lace mounted with carved ivory ; several brace lots and other jewels of great beauty, placed, according, to French custom in the matter of bridal gifts, between the inevitable shawl of India cashmere and the grand " set of diamonds." The bridal dress was of deep des Indies, the front of the skirt being of figured velvet White satin just now is neglected for velvet, or for a dead white plush resembling that curious flannel like flowers, the Swiss Edelweiss. The veil covered the forehead only, and full over the long train of the dress without covering it entirely. The trousseau contained several very handsome morning wraps, one of these being of Ottoman velvet, with clusters of ribands and abundance of lace ; another was of ruby plush with ruchings of satin riband of another shade and old guipure trimming ; a third was of lilac satin with small flounces and a train of damask figured velvet. Those elegant and fanciful loose dresses, intended for home wear during the daytime, on days when the wearer is expected to be '. at home " to callers, are the rage just now, and are of ton so rich and elaborate in their pretended simplicity as to represent as large an outlay as the more pretentious " evening dress The bride's travelling costume was of other coloured plush, n close-fitting jacket with double collar and satin facings, an outer skin cap, with a bird of paradise feathers. .. The President of the Ptopublio sent, in honour of the event, a gift of 20,000 francs to be distributed among the poor of the twenty arrondissement of the capital, a largesse which, if it could be divided among all the necessitous people of Davis, might give something like the value of half an silhouette to each-an outpouring of generosity not likely to be felt as a hindrance to the successive acquisitions of properties worth several millions a-piece, to which the present economical head of the French Executive is devoting the greater part of the large official allowance which he is constitutionally supposed to receive for the due keeping up of public hospitalities and discharge of the various social duties of his high station. M. Grevy cares little for show ; his wife's delicate health renders the task of receiving visitors irksome to her, and accordingly the hospitalities of the Presidential residence are restricted to the narrowest practicable limits. On her side, the President's daughter requested and obtained a Presidential decree making her wedding-day a holiday in all the schools of France. Count Beust, the musical Austrian ambassador, of calling at the Elysee to congratulate the President on the marriage of his daughter, brought, as an offering to the bride, a barcarolle which he had composed expressly for her, and which is probably pretty, the count being an accomplished musician and composer. The march composed by him for the marriage of the Arch- duchess Gisele is a really fine composition, and is now played at all the state ceremonials of the Austrian Court. A marriage which has taken the world of Paris by surprise is that of the renowned actress, Mdlle. Schneider, of 'a Grand Duchess" fame, with the Count de Bionnc. The irregularities of existence which, in the case of " lesser " stars, are termed " cascades," having attained, in the life of of the brilliant ox-heroine of Offenbach's operettas, the proportion of a veritable Niagara, it never entered the mind of the most inven- tive purveyor of the local news known here by the often deceptive name of " Facts of Paris" to imagine that the beautiful, splendid, and fascinating diva over would, or could, enter the married state. Much surprise was excited, some months ago, by the public sale of a good deal of property belonging to the theatrical celebrity in question. Her beautiful Paris residence, with its splendid furniture, equipages, horses, c and a great quantity of her other belongings, such as pictures, jewels, laces, curiosities, dresses, ice, were sold off at auction, and the lady herself soon afterwards disappeared from the sight of her cosmopolitan crowd of address. None knew what had become of her but such an eclipse being no unusual thing in such a life as hers, it was supposed that some now " caprice " had carried her from Paris, and that some still newer one would, ere long, bring her back again, in greater splendour of hotel, equipages, jewellery, a&. than ever. Instead of which it appears that the lady, intent on matrimony, and naturally desirous to make a gap between her former and her future career, simply retired to a quiet little house, with a small garden, in the remote and utterly unfashionable suburb of Vannes, and that she there managed the publication of the banns and the innumerable legal preparations for matrimony in France, and the marriage ceremony itself, so quietly, that none of her five thousand friends knew anything of what was going on. The marriage took place in the maine and the church of the unknown suburb referred to, and the (happy pair went off to Italy for their honeymoon three weeks ago and it was only a day or two ago that Paris learned that its theatrical idol had quitted for over the scene of her former triumphs. There BomB, however, to be a sort of matrimonial epidemic just now among the fascinating queens and princesses of the Paris stage; for Mdlle Gaby, the favourite star of the Vaudeville Theatre, has just now married the Count de Louvieres ; Mdlle. Jane May has married M. Paul Didier and Mdlle. Largilliere, the charming Mercedes of the revived " Monto Christo," which has been drawing such crowds, is about to marry M. Masses. The Prince and Princess of Wales, with a small suite, are spending a week here, apparently much to their own satisfaction. They have called on M. and Mme. Grevy, who forthwith returned their visit; attended service on Sunday at the English Church in the Rue d'Aguesseau, in the morning, and amused themselves at a quiet little theatre in the evening. They have dined with Lord Lyons, have been at the Electricity A Exhibition, have received many visitors with their usual urbanity, and have been making the most of their time in sight-seeing, shopping, and visiting, under the skilful pioneering of the Marquis de la, to whom the Prince has entrusted the flattering duty of challenged the various engagements of each day, so as to get the utmost activity and enjoyment out of their short stay. Of the 1768 exhibitors at the Electrical Exhibition, SOO have taken diplomas and medals. Six great diplomas of honour have been awarded to the French, a English, Belgian, American, German, and Austrian telegraph administrations. SO diplomas of honour are given to different Ministries, learned societies, and railway companies; of these, the English section has carried off eight, taken by the Society of Telegraph Engineers, the Submarine Telegraph Company, Messrs. Siemens Brothers, Professor Hughes, Sir William Thomson, the Telegraph Construction and Maintenance Company, and the Eastern Telegraph, Company. Of 55 j letters of co-operation granted, two were gained by England (the Royal Institution and King's College). by 78 sold medals, eight fell to the share of Ewrland. Of 152 silver medals, lil were taken by Englishmen. 262 bronze medals have also been awarded to the various nationalities. At first sight it seems to be impossible that the telegraph could make head or tail of the Chinese tongue, with its 4,000 queer little crooked hieroglyphic signs instead of the words made up of a compact alphabet, as in the case of European nations. Of those, however, only 7,000 are in constant use and M. Vignior, Divisional Inspector of the Marine Department at Shanghai, has succeeded in drawing up an electrical code, which is found to answer perfectly both in China and Japan. The system adopted by this gentleman, and carried out with the aid of native scholars, may be described as one of reference. Chinese idiographic symbols are divided into 214 classes, the sides of each class being a radical. This suggested the preliminary stop. Hash character was represented by three numbers that of its radical, that of the column under the radical, and that of its place in that column. The practical working of this system is too long and complicated for description here; suffice it to say that it enables the telegraph clerks to transmit messages almost as quickly as in Europe, and even to send messages in cipher. NoYIiMllKlt -1. The extremely cold weather, which has come upon us some two months too soon, has given to the streets and toilettes of this capital almost the look of Christmas. Meantime, the fetes of " All Saints " and " All Souls " have been kept with all the usual observance. At least a couple of hundred thousands of people, after attending mass in the various churches on " All Saints' Day," began the visiting of the cemeteries, which is the special occupation of the following day, dedicated. as English Catholics say, to " All Souls '" to " The Dead, in the phraseology of continental ones. The crowding of the cemeteries was still greater on the latter occasion. The crowds were perfectly quiet, orderly, and well-behaved ; but the density of the human streams that poured in and out of the gates of all the Paris graveyards was such that the police were fully occupied throughout the day in preventing the accidents that were constantly on the point of occurring. This fate of " the Dead " is kept with the greatest zeal all over France, but especially in Normandy, where the bellringer is also sexton and gravedigger, and is consequently the most important personage of each village when this fate returns. If as is often the case, he is " rural policeman," in addition to filling the posts just mentioned, the magnifying of his various offices, indulged in by him, on the 2nd day of November, may be readily imagined. He is usually a jovial dog, eating and drinking as much as he can contrive to got hold of. " To drink like a bell ringer " is a common saying in Normandy and if the young calves refuse to drink, the farmer's wife invariably threatens to " send them to the bellringer." If, in tho course of the year, his frequent libations have drawn on himself a lecture from the Cure, of a rebuke from the rural policeman when he is not himself that functionary, his right to drink all he can got on " The fate of the Dead " is so fully recognized that he has usually little scruple in availing himself thereof. Just as the children look forward to New Year's Day for their comings, so the bellringer of every Norman or Breton village looks forward with joyful anticipation to the lugubrious festival for the replenishing of his collar and salting tub. On All Saints' Day, if you pass through a Norman or Breton village at nightfall, you will hear the mournful strokes of the funereal ' knell ushering in the next day's celebration; the dismal tones float on the air, and seem to linger among the naked branches of the trees, from one end of the land to the other. The doors and windows of the cottages are closed, for their inmates are absorbed in regretful thoughts of the relatives and friends they have lost. Only one house in each hamlet shows a cheerful light. It is the abode of of the bellringer, who is busy preparing the repast which will unite his living relatives and friends round his board, while half-a-dozen lusty villagers take turns in pulling at the church bell. At 10 o'clock the tolling ceases, -the volunteer rangers hasten joyfully to the cottage of the official bellringer, and a hearty supper, with pitchers of cider or beer in abundance, It Go the festive party busy and jovial till daybreak, when the volunteers, with heavy heads, betake themselves again to the church and resume their work of sounding the knell, while the bellringer makes ready for the work of the day. As soon as name is over, he sets out on his rounds, visiting every house and cottage, with a cask and a wheelbarrow. At every habitation he receives ? gift proportioned to the means of its occupants ; from one he got a piece of pork, from another some pots of cider from a third a present in money. No one would dream of letting him go away from his door empty handed for such a piece of stinginess would bring ill-luck upon the house. By night the bellringer goes home, happy and contented ; his pockets filled his cellar stored, his salting the full of pork. With the gleanings of the " Feast of the Dead " the bellringer of every Norman or Breton village is provided for through the winter. The magistrates, barristers, and all connected with the law in this country, also assemble on All Saints' Day to hear a mass of the Holy Ghost," whose guidance is supposed to be thus secured to all dispen- sers of justice during the coming year. This ancient custom, formerly an expression of a faith which has nearly died out of the legal mind of France, is steadily "kept up, even by those who have no belief in the matter ; it is regarded as a general reunion of all connected with the administration of justice, all of whom make it a point to show them selves' on this occasion. In Paris, this gathering takes place in the beautiful old Sainte Chapelle of the Palace of Justice; and the effect of the masses of colour produced by the various legal bodies, in their respective robes, is exceedingly striking, enhanced as is the imposing coup dined by the beautiful architecture and rich colouring of the exquisite old hall in which it takes place. The Prince and Princess of Wales, having made the very most of their week in this city, where they are exceedingly popular, went back to London by the mail train on Sunday evening. With the exception of a few official calls, the future sovereigns of the British Empire have made their visit incog. Throwing aside the restraints of etiquette, they have gone about the town on foot, visiting, looking in at the shop windows, making purchases, during more than once in the private rooms of noted restaurants, and going off with a few intimate and favoured friends to the various theatres, where the most picturesque and amusing plays are being given. Lord Lyons, who has just been made a Viscount by the Queen, had the honour of receiving their Royal Highnesses at a very splendid lunch, at which the number of the guests was limited to 20. Another magnificent lunch was graciously accepted by them at the Austrian Embassy. The Prince had some splendid shooting on the estates of two or three wealthy magnates; and a truly royal day, with hunt and lunch, at Chantilly, the superb scot of the Duke d'Aumale. The Princess accompanied her husband to this splendid entertainment, where every accessory was called into play to render the visit worthy of the royal guests and of their royal host. The Princess of Wales is greatly admired here. She is pretty enough to pass for a beauty ; her manners are graceful and elegant, full of quiet dignity, without hauteur or stiffness. her dress is usually considered " perfect;" but a pretty pale lilac bonnet, with feathers to match, which she was seen in one day, was considered to be altogether spoiled by the bunches of red currants stuck on upon both sides. French taste does not admit of the employment, as ornament, of any fruit not in season at the moment of wearing it any more than it admits of any artificial flower being made to display a colour not according to nature, as, for instance, a fine rose, a green buttercup, or a yellow heliotrope. Consequently, it was decided that her Royal Highness must have brought the offending bonnet with her from London. The Empress Eugenie has passed a few days in this city, or, rather, in its immediate neighbourhood, at the Chateau de Savary, the property of the devoted Imperialist Viscount d'Aguado. She visited the various spots most closely connected with her husband's reign, and was so painfully overcome on visiting her son's favourite room at the Palace of Fontainbleau that the guardian on duty, whose attention was drawn to her by her uncontrollable emotion, discovered her identity, and was about to throw himself on his knees before her, when her friends hastily prevented him, explaining to him that the greatest pleasure he could do to his former sovereign was to refrain from every token of recognition, and allow her to finish her painful visit in the absolute privacy which she desired. She came several times to Paris, to inspect the contents of a little amused shop i rented for her use in the Uno 1 Enngonia 1 conner, where she his stored v nil Iona works of art and other valuable object tsbolongnif personally to the Emperor and to her soil. In ill for nioipiiiintn she was racing named only by her host, A mc grant is made by M ha band (formerly one of the 1 emperor u chamberlains) or by the Duchess do Mouchv Princess Anna Murat (her husband's cousin and her devoted friend) anywhere splendid sent the pass a couple of days in the strictest am train Her beautiful hair is now tom places white, her once more filled complexion is of a faint yellow just like wax, she wears always the deepest mourning but' though she has lost the elastic Mvncitv of her former movements his remarkable grace and dignity of manner are said to be unit paired In the days when till the towns of 1 raneo out hooded one another in their demonstrations of respect and attachment, the city of Marseilles-, pro rented her with a handsome o palace, in the hope no doubt that she would of pastorally, occupy it The same city his now by the mouth] piece of its main road council, tons for an order, drawn up in the rudest for me',, to give up the property with the throat or During in it who do not voluntarily. give it up at once We have had several other loyal and imperial At its during the past week but the great name of the moment has been the opening of the new Chambers, which organs of the national will have hastened how old or, to vote themselves a months hold ly before settling down to their work Of course, if French taxpayers like to pay high wages to their legislative servitors for doing; nothing, no one has any right to complain of the way that things are managed in France, ' But the fact is that a bitter opposition to the present ney time is-, springing UD among the masses, who see that the up i King of the Empire has done nothing to ameliorate their position and who are furious at finding that the only result of that up setting has been to enable the wire pullers of the present Government to amass enormous fortunes for themselves It is 1 news that is-iv ago attack on the inventors of the 1 sunburn can] sign is being prepared by the leaders of the Intransigent party, who are busy getting up a formidable indictment on the subject for the reassembling of the humbert They say) they are prepared to show that the whole difficulty with Tunis was got up intentionally, and advisedly by Gambetta and his tools, for speculative purposes, drawn on by the intrigues of a Tunisian lady of high rank, who entered into engagements to this effect with the speculators aforesaid, undertaking to got the Boy to make to them " concessions which would have virtually made them the owners of the greater part of the Beylih The Bay on the return of the lad) from Paris, refused to make these confessions urging, with truth, that he could not do so without violating his engagements with England and the other Powers The intriguing fair one there- upon informed him that he would run his return before he was a month older And within the month the ingenuity of M Gambetta and IIIB friends invented the honours, their raids and the absolute necessity of putting an end to the latter which has r suited, not in punishing the Ivioumirs (who could never be found by the French troops), but in virtually taking possession of the Boy hk of Tunis, at a heavy cost in men and money, and with the prospect of ' no end of trouble in North Africa and of possible complications on the northern shore of the Mediterranean. Such, according to the members of the coming interpellation is an outline of the IODUO of scandals which M. Clemenceau (Rochefort's lieutenant in the Chamber, and Gambotta'b bitterest enemy will lose no time in by aging to the front on there as enabling of the Chamber It is, meantime, worthy of remark that the Tunisian Prime Minister, Mustapha translator purchased for himself nine piet cs of landed pro] rate in this city, representing a value of several millions sterling. A comic incident, connected with the formal opening of the Legislative Chan her, a few days- since was the arrival of the new member for Belfort Dr. 1 rery, a noted bicyclist in the Court of the legislative Palace, mounted on his two-wheeled steed, on which he had performed the whole journey from Belfort to this city. The almost daily accidents occurring on the French lines of railway have caused him to forester that mode of travelling and he now goes about in every direction mounted on his favourite vehicle The "sensation" created by his rival in the Court of the Palace, Bourbon, mounted on his bicycle, may be more readily imagined than described. 