ODDS AND ENDS- A Dutchman repeated tlie adapc, "Birds mit ono fodder goes mit demsclves." A lawxer asked a woman in the witness-box her age, and she promptly replied, " I sold milk for you to drink when a baby, and I haven't got ray pay yet." Conversation on a seaside hotel verandah, between a young man and an oldorly guest : Toung man—" 1 must havo seen you somewhere, Bir ?" Elderly guest — " Very likely ; I am a pawnbroker."— Harper's Weekly . " What shall I tell peopio who ask whethor you arc 'engaged ?" said a young lady n't tho dinner table to a somewhat eccentric theological studont at Andover. " Tell them that yon don't know," was tho reply. — New Orleans Picayune. " Genxlhmen of tho jury," said an Isish lawyer, " it will be for yon to say whether the defendant shall be allowed to como into court with unblushing footsteps, with a cloak of hypocrisy in his mouth, and draw thrco bullocks out of my client's pocket with impunity." Bacon and Hah. — A few months ago a family circle was formed round a social hearth not a hundred miles from Newcastle. Provisions and things in general wero being discussed ; but at last the subject of discussion began to rest on bacon. After tho topic had been well dealt witb, the good woman of the bouse suddenly exclaimed, " Deed, aa divvent care aboot bacon, unless it's really ham !" — Newcastle (Jhtonislc, Carrie was six years old and quite a model of propriety ; but ono day she shocked hor mother by doing something very much like ordinary naughty children. " Why, Carrio !" exclaimed Mrs. B., "how could you do such a thing?" " Other little girls do so," roplied Carrie. " But that doesn't mako it right, does it ?" asked Mrs. B. " No," answered Carrie, with deliberation, " bet it makes it a good deal more comfablo." When a man is riding a bioyclo ho looke neither to tho right nor to tho loft, but appoom to be gazing about 500 years into futurity, as if trying to solve tho problem of tho hcrcaftcrncss of the unknowableness of the unknowable here after. die is not, however. He is simply won dering, in eaBo of a sudden header, whether his skull would bo split wide open, or if he would escape with his nose mashed all over his face. — Norristown Jlemld, It is related of Lord Falkland, that in 1658, under tho Commonwealth, his admission to tho House of Commons was very much opposed by several members, ho being barely of legal ago. Some urgc«l that ho had not yot sown his wild- oats. " Perhaps not," ho quickly retorted ; " but nodoubta good opportunity will bo affordedme to sow them in this Houso, whero evidently there are plenty of gocse to pick them up." The petu lance of youth wsis here most forcibly exhibited. I wonder what has become of the scissors?" said Mrs. Johnson the other day : " I havo been looking for them all the evening, and can't find them high or low." After awhile tho hired Dutchman commenced pulling off his boots, pre paratory to going to bod. " All dis day," said he, "I tink I got some little grabble stonos in my poot. I kess I kit him out know." When he turned up his boot, all that he could find in it was a thimble, a pair of scissors, half a loaf of bread, and a few dozen tacks.— San Francisco Neics-Lcticr. " Dr. Holmes." — How tho Old Gentleman's Poetry was Remodelled by a Law Reporter. — " Would you be kind enough to direct mo to the editor?" asked a grave and venerable gentleman, with a kindly face and pleasant smile. "He's out," responded the law reporter. " Is there anything I can do?" " I am Dr. Holmes," re sponded the gentleman. " Where's your office, doctor? Come to see about the diphtheria? i can do as well as the editor. What is it?" and the law reporter braced himself. " Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes," replied the gentleman, his handsome face beaming with good nature. " I have a little poem 1 should like to submit. Shall I leave it with you?" The law reporter took it and read it aloud. " You call it a 4 Winter Day on the Prairie,'" said he, "h'm ; yes." A blinding glare, a silver sky, A sea of snow, with frozen spray ; TIio foatniirg billows swelling high, UixJtished against the icy day. While laden northern whirlwinds blow Across the pile sea's heavy breast, And H21 the creamy ebb and flow With stonny terror and unrest. The storm birds fly athwart tho main Like rudderless bewildered ships, The stranded w.nds breathe sobs of pain And frosty froth from pullid lips. The seething milky waves, in swift, Ilarsh struggles with the fate that binds. Break into frozen rift and drift Against the wrecked and straining winds. A sea of loneliness and death Whoso waves are ghosts, whose vales are graves. Whose inspiration is the breath That lurks in northern winter caves. A snowy gloom, whoso icy shade Lies white boneath the spray-dipped crest, Whose silver sombrencss is laid A glaring pall across his breast. "Just so, ju6t so," continued the law reporter. " Did you want this published as it is ?" " I had thought something of giving it publicity," replied the doctor. "You 11 have to get the advertising clerk to register it, then," retorted the law reporter. " I wouldn't take tho respon sibility of sending it in as it Btands now." "What seems to be tho matter with it?" in quired the doctor. " I don't think it is natural. Now, here : You take a snowstorm on the prairie ' and make it a sea. Then you freeze it all up' and make it ilosh around. You've cither got to thaw it out or quit dashing it. We may be able to alter it so it will do if you leave it." "What alterations would yon Buggest?" asked the doctor. " I'd fix that first verse so as to be in accordance with the facts ; make it 'sequential,' as we say in law. Instead of baying the blinding, and the silver, and the foaming billows, and the white laden winds, and the creamy ebb, and all that ret, I'd put it this way — In township thirty, range twenty-nine, Described in the deed as prairie land, It sometimes snows in tho winter time, As wo are given to understand. Tliis alleged snow falls on a lovel, It's said, somo several feet or more, And when the wind blows like the devil, It drifts from where it was before. "In that way," continued the law reporter, "you get the facts before the public without committing the paper to nuything. Under your poem any man who would prove that you were talking about his land could bring a libel suit, and the measure of damages would be what lie could have sold it for if you hadn't written it up as a sea." " Will the other verses do?" asked the doctor. "I'm afraid not," replied the law reporter. " This business about the storm bird without a rudder, and stranded winds and milky waves don't prove anything. Tlicy wouldn't bo admitted in evidence anywhere. I suppose you want to express desolation, but the testimony isn't good. Why don't you say : In the place aforesaid, when tho sad winds blow, The tenants thereof don't go about, And such birds as find they cau stand the snow Look as'thougb they Imu their tails pulled out. Aud when the said snow and said winds are gone, It's found the said land finds a ready taker, For though you can't farm much when tho winter's on, Tho property don't fall a cent an acre. " There you get your desolation, and your birds. like rudderless ships, and at the same time you throw in a clause which lets you out of the libel by showing that tho snow don't affect the value of the ground. The way you had it would have brought all tho Western settlements down on us. Been a poot long?" " I— ii-tliat is, I begin to thiuk not," gasped the unhappy doctor. " But can't you do something with the last verso?" " Wo might leave that out altogether, or ,we might substitute something for it. Tho last verse is a contradiction of terms. It's a non-sequitur, as wc say in law, and could havo no status in court in tho event of an action. You can't say snowy gloom, or white shade, and as for a glaring pall I presume you mean the white velvet one they use for infants. I couldn't pass that in, but I might change it for you. How would thiB do : It is rumored that while the snow Is on the laud beforo described, It looks as though one couldn't sow Socd to advantage, though this is douicd. Some people hold that it empties tho pouch To buy land in the whiter in tho North ; For this unsupported statement we do not vouch, But give the story for what it is worth. "This, you see, gives all sides of the question, without making the paper responsible for any thing. I call that a superior article of poetry," continued tho law reporter, reading the three stanzas, ovor in an admiring tono of voice. "But there isn't any poetry in it," stammered tho Doctor. " What's tbo reason there isn't?" demanded tho law reporter indignantly. "Don't it tell everything you did, and don't it rhyme in some places? Don'tit getoutall the facts, and don't it lot pcoplo know what's going on ?" " Of course it does," chimed in the police reporter. " That's what I call a good item of poetry. I think you might add startling developments may be ex pected, and that the police have got a clno to the perpotrator." "That isn't necossary," replied tbo law reporter loftily. " Wo poets always loavo something to the reader's imagination." " I be lieve I'll go," murmured the doctor. " All right sir. Come around any tirag when you have got somo poetry job want fixed up." and the law im- porter bowed the visitor oat. — .-I mert&w; Paper . 