THE MERCURY. PUBLISHED DAILY. \----------*--------------- TUESDAY MORNING, AUGUST I6, 1881. " MR. CHAPMAN to move that in the opinion of this Council it is desirable that immediate arrangements should be made for a complete marine survey of Macquarie Harbour and the approaches thereto, and of the Western Coast of this Island from Macquarie Harbour to the River Pieman, with a marine survey of that river and the approaches thereto." " Mr. BRADDON to ask the honourable the PREMIER if any steps are to be immediately taken for opening up steam communication between Hobart and Launceston and the West Coast." " Resolved that a Select Committee be appointed for the purpose of considering the agricultural and mineral resources of the Western district of this Island ; also as to the facilities to be afforded by land and water to attain access to the said districts ; also to enquire into the practicability and cost of tramways from the supposed mineral districts with the seaboard or otherwise with power to send for persons and papers. (Dr. CROWTHER.)" Such is the record, so far as the journals of both Houses afford the means of information, of what private Members contemplate as necessary to the development of the mineral resources of the West Coast. The notice of motion by the hon. Member for West Devon is not distinguished by that perspicuity of diction which we might expect from one so fond of displaying his classic and literary attainments. We are not aware of any necessity for opening up steam communication between Hobart and Launceston. But the meaning of the hon. Member may be guessed at, and we shall be glad to co-operate with him in obtaining steam communication between Hobart or Launceston, or both, and the West Coast. The resolution at which the Assembly arrived on the motion of Dr. CROWTHER is of still more doubtful meaning. We are glad to learn that facilities are " to be afforded by land and water to attain access to the Western district," and should have been still better pleased to know by whom ; but the House of Assembly in having resolved " to enquire into the practicability and cost of tramways from the supposed mineral districts with the seaboard or otherwise," has left us very much in a condition of " otherwise." We suppose the Committee appointed will receive light on the subject not vouchsafed to the outside public. But though tho privato Members who have taken action towards opening up of the West Coast district may have some what hurriedly committed their views to writing, the expression of opinion coming from so many independent sources leaves little doubt as to what Parliament would do did Ministers submit any adequate proposition for a work so im- portant. We naturally therefore ask, where so much zeal has boen displayed by private Mem- bers, what has Government done to expedite the period when the North-West Coast will become, as undoubtedly it yet will, the great mineral magazine and laboratory of Tasmania ? We fear we must answer-literally nothing. We acept, with the thankfulness of those accustomed to small mercies, the appropriation of £2,000 for the construction of a line of telegraph from Mount Bischoff to Macquarie Harbour, and of £2,500 for cutting tracks in the districts to be traversed by a telegraph line. But when we speak of an "adequate proposition" for open ins up the West Coast, these and such peddling votes are little else than a mockery. Yet these appropriations, neither more nor less, seem all Ministors are inclined to do of their own accord. The notices of motion are silent on the subject. Even the vice-regal speech on opening Parliament was ominously silent and suspiciously vague. Hon. Members were first thus addressed :-" The condition of the mining industries of tho Colony is a subject for special congratulation. The increaso in the amount of gold and tin raised during tho year 1880 over that raised in any preceding year was very considerable, and the new discoveries of various metals which are from time to time being made, together with the large amount of energy and capital which is being devoted to the prosecution of mining, justify the belief that a still greater proportion of gold, tin, and other metals may be looked for in the ensuing year. Any facilities for successfully prosecuting mineral enterprises, which it may be within the province of a Legislature to afford, I am sure you will cordially grant ;" and the application was thus expressed :- " You will be again in- vited to make provision for the construction of roads and bridges in various parts of the Colony where they are urgently required, and for continuing the Launceston and Western Railway to the North-West Coast. The neces- sity of works of this character is generally ad- mitted ; and, at the present time, a wise ex- penditure for such purposes would assist those engaged in agriculture and mining, and enable both classes to share in a common prosperity. commend to your earnest consideration the pro- posals for public works which will be laid, before you.'' Except in these two paragraphs not a word was said of the mining interests of the Colony, unless inferentially as having tended to the increase of the revenue ; and what hopes are held out of anything being done to advance mining, of which, to use a common phrase, Min- isters "make such a mouthful ?" Ministers promise nothing. They make His EXCELLENCY throw all the responsibility on Parliament. " My re- sponsible advisers " are content to be put aside as waiters on the pleasure of hon. Members who are thus incited to duty- " Any facilities for successfully prosecuting mineral enterprise which may be within the province of a Legisla- ture to afford, I am sure you will cordially grant." But who, in such circumstances, do we naturally expect should indicate what is within the " province of a Legislature ?" Who should take the initiative-Ministers or Parliament ? Con- stitutional practice says that the duty devolves on Ministers. But on the present occasion Ministers meekly say-No, thank you, we stand aside that Parliament may decide what is within its province ; to hon. Members wo leave the initiative. As if to permit no doubt to remain as to their intention ; as if studiously deter- mined to shirk their responsibility to the Country, Ministers, in the subsequent paragraph we have quoted, and after telling hon. Members that the necessity for works of tho character demanded in the interests of mining enterprise, especially on the West Coast, is admitted, say, or make His EXCELLENCY to say- " I commend to your earnest consideration the proposals for public works which will be laid before you. " But we look in vain for such proposals, at any rate as emanating from Ministers, and the only substi- tutes are those submitted by private Members, and constituting the opening paragraphs of our present remarks. We ask in all sincerity, with a feeling of pain akin to shame, is this a position which a Ministry, alive to the importance of its obligations, and with a proper spirit of inde- pendence, would consent to occupy ? We appear to stand face to face with a condition of stolid indifference in regard to mining enterprise on the part of Ministers, which seems to tell the Country and Parliament that Ministers if left to themselves will do nothing. They invite being goaded on. They await the moving of the waters by the Parliamentary angel, and unless he come down there will be no healing virtue. This is lamentable were it only that in the meantime valuable opportunities will have been lost. The summer will have passed away during which there are such opportunities of working to advantage. A Select Committee will meet to-day to enquire into the practica- bility of tramways, which, if constructed at the public expense without a corresponding effort to connect Hobart and Launceston with the West Coast seaboard, would be to holdout a bonus to others to connect that seaboard with a foreign shore by that steam agency which Ministers verbally expressed themselves as believing in, though they seem frightened to give practical effect to their convictions. The fifth week of the Session will be commenced to-day, and the labours of Parliament should be now sufficiently advanced to enable Ministers to unfold their in- tentions regarding the West Coast, if they have any. If they further dally with duty, their pro- crastination will be capable of but one solution ; They have no intention of putting forth a helping hand to the West Coast ; they will do nothing that they can leave undone, and there- fore, on private Members will devolve the labour of stirring up Ministers to that discharge of duty they would apparently so gladly ignore. His EXCELLENCY, in opening Parliament, promised nothing for Ministers. His appeal on behalf of mining was to hon. Members of the Legislature, and to them the Country must evidently look for that assistance which Ministers seem disinclined to offer. The trifling votes for roads to mining localities are scarcely worth noticing ; certainly are not the outcome of a desire to encourage mining enterprise. The several populations have demanded something in return for their contributions to the Treasury, and Ministers have doled out the smallest modicum with which they thought the localities would be content. Such votes are practically insufficient. They are not encouragements to mining, but concessions to public demands that could not be ignored by any Ministry desirous of retaining office. BIBLE SOCIETY. -The 61st anniversary of the establishment of the British and Foreign Bible Society, of whicb that in Hobart is a branch, was celebrated yesterday evening in the Town Hall, by a publie meeting, at which His Excellency Sir Henry Lefroy presided. The different Protestant denominations in the city were largely represented by their clergy, many of whom, with influential laymen, occupied seats on the platform. The re- port of the society for the past year was read by the Secretary, the Rev. W. C. Robinson, and will be found published in another column. Several resolu- tions were put and passed, and a collection amount- ing to £16 was taken up in aid of the Colportage Fund. The meeting was closed by the singing of the Dexology. VICTORIAN- PAPERS. --The s.s. Southern Cross, which arrived here yesterday morning from Mel- bourne, brought files of Victorian papers of the 13th inst. DEPUTATIONS TO MINISTERS. -A deputation, con- sisting of Messrs. R.J. Lucos, Baynton, George Lucas, and Innes, yesterday waited on the hon, the Colonial Treasurer, the hon. the Colonial Secretary, and the hon. the Minister of Lands, in support of a petition which had been forwarded to the Government, asking the construction of a bridge over Brown's River, at Kingston, connecting the districts of Queenborough and Kingborough. Mr. Fisher, the representative of the district in the Legislative Council, introduced the deputition, and said that the business they had in hand was one that to his knowledge had been going on for 20 years, and be himself had taken part in it for 16 or 17 years. When he had first gone to the Queen- borough district to reside, he had been appointed on the Road Trust, and as a member of the Trust, he had met some of those living on the other side of the river with regard to getting a bridge erected. They could not do ao themselves for want of means, and applied to the Government, and he thought every Government that had been in power since then had been applied to, and had admitted the neccesity for the bridge, but always pleaded poverty. Now that Tasmania was so flourishing, it was hoped by the members of the deputation that Ministers would see their way to doing this work, that ought to have been done more than 40 years ago. They thought, in the face of the dangerous condition of the river, that they were entitled now to sme consideration. Mr. Williamson pointed out, that in a district like theirs, a small rato would be of no use, and for the last 24 years they had rated themselves to the full amount of 1s. in the £. A bridge had been erected over the river, though not at that particular place, but even that now was dangerous, and it was past repair- ing. They were rated now in the district up to in all 2s. 6d. in the £., and that was as much as they could afford. In answer to the Colonial Treasurer, Mr. Williamson said that including what was now known as the main road, they had about 32 miles of road in the district. Others of the depu- tation having spoken in support of the object in view, the Colonial Treasurer said that Ministers had listened patiently to the representations that had been made, and they felt that everything had been said in favour of the proposal that could be said, and that a good case had been made out. It was unfortunate that the petition had not readied Ministers until after their public works proposals had been made out and submitted to the House. However, it was not yet too late, and there was this new argument now that the bridge was on a main road, and he did not think he was going beyond what was right in promising on behalf of Ministers the favourable consideration of the petition, and of the representations that had been made. The matter, he said, was to be brought under the notice of the House next Wednesday, but Ministers would take it into their consideration before then, and he hoped would then come to a resolution that would satisfy every one. The deputation then retired. WHAT NOW OF THE CORPORATION SURPLUS? - The Nemesis has not been long in overtaking the City Council, that with such prudent forethought rejected the tender of a man whose want of backstairs influence led them to judge that be could not be safely trusted with a contract; who at the cost of the citizens gave the contract for work at the mouth of the Creek to a tenderer whose capability and reliability members of the Corporation vied with each other in proclaiming, Mr. Duncan has thrown up his contract, and, though the officers of the Council did not seem to know it, removed the more valuable portion of the materials laid down; and this in daylight and after the breach of contract was matter of public notoriety. Will any of the aldermen who did injustice to Mr. Clay; who so partially preferred Mr. Duncan; do anything to make good the loss their conduct has caused the citizens? Of course not, and we do not refer to the matter in any such hope. But where now the calculations on which the majority of the Council made up their minds to spend on works not contemplated under the recent Loans Act an imaginary surplus of £7,000? Will they frankly and honestly admit that they were premature, and were not justified in dealing with an estimate as if it were an ascertained fact? Will they tell us who made the estimate, and give the public the details? We do not expect this; but we do expect, and ask, in the face of recent circumstances they stay their hands, and cease expending money as coming out of a surplus, till the legitimate work has been done, and the money is in hand to be devoted to any civic purpose. COMPULSORY VACCINATION. -After the meeting of the Municipal Council yesterday, a requisition was presented to His Worship the Mayor, requesting that he would convene a public meeting in the Town Hall to consider the propriety of asking the Government in th face of the proposed compulsory vaccination, to provide a supply of reliable lymph. During the forenoon yesterday no less than 154 signatures were obtained to the requisition. The Mayor promised that he would give his reply at 11 o'clock to-day. WHERE ARE THE POLICE ? - Last night an inci- dent happened in Elizabeth- street, which proves the old saying, that " a policeman is never to be found when he is wanted." Our custodians have a happy knack of pouncing on any poor unfortunate woman or helpless drunkard, but when there is anything rough-and- tumble to contend against, they quietly slip out of the way, and you might as well try to find one as look for a lost tear in the Derwent. About a quarter to 10 o'clock last night, a crowd of men, most of them quite young, came from a publichouse at the top of Eliza- beth-street, and formed a ring, while two of their number fought. Seconds were appointed, and everything was conducted in an orthodox and systematic manner. For half an hour theso two men fought amidst the curses of their companions and the screams of women, but still no police came. At last one of the men gave in, but his antagonist feeling fit for another " bout " knocked one of the spectators down, and a fresh fight ensued. A gentleman who was passing then went in search of a policeman. He found one near Liverpool-street and told him of the affray, Mr. Policeman re- sponded, "Oh, it's not in my beat, but I'll take a stroll up and see what's up," and sauntered leasurly up towards New Town, The peace disturbers were probably back in the publichouse discussing the event by the time he arrived on the scene. CITY COUNCIL. -The usual meeting of the City Council was hold in the committee-room yesterday afternoon, Present : The Mayor and a full Council. A number of reports and correspondence was dealt with in the usual way. It was agreed that the Mayor be authorised to engage counsel to watch the prooeedings of the Select Committee of the Legis- lative Council, at present enquiring into all the details connected with the Coporation loan, in the interests of the City Council. The Sewerage Com- mittee reported that Mr. Duncan had withdrawn from his contract, and it was agreed to call for fresh tenders to complete the work. It was agreed to spend £15 on the gas fittings of the Town Hall. The appointed of a health officer was referred to the Health Committee. CITY POLICE COURT. -The Mayor and Mr. Al- derman Maher presided at the City Police Court yesterday morning. Three drunkards pleaded guilty, and were fined, one 10s. 6d., and two 5s., with the usual alternative. James Simpson and Rachel Thompson pleaded guilty to disturbing the peace, and were fined 10s. 6d. eacb, with the option of going to gaol for 14 days. GENERAL SESSIONS. -A Court of General Sessions was opened in the Town Hall yesterday morning, Mr. T. W. Mitchell, J. P., presiding, and the Solicitor- General being present in his official capa- city, but as there was no business to transact the Court was closed immediately after being opened. THE VOLUNTEERS. -The Commandant of the Tasmanian Volunteer Forces held his usual monthly parade at the Military Baracks last evening, when both the Artillery Carps and the Rifle Regiment mustered in good force. Colonel Angelo put the combined troops through several brigade move- ments in column. The Artillery Corps, previous to proceeding to the barracks, mustered at the drill yard, Macquarie-street, and an order was read out stating that Captain Evans had been promoted from B Battery to A Battery, and that Captain Roblin succeeded Captain Evans to B Battery. Captain Evans conveyed his thanks through the order to the men he had commanded for the past three years for their attention and obedience to him. Whilst the Volunteers were being exercised at the Barracks, the Artillery Band marched to the residence of Major Crowther, and performed there for a short time. At the conclusion of the parade, the Rifles were dismissed at the Barracks, but the Artillery had a short march through tbe city, breaking of at Wellington Bridge. To-day's Gazette contains a notification to the effect that Lieut. H. S. Barnard has been apointed Adjutant of the Rifle Regiment, vice Lieut. J. R. Betts, resigned. SOUTHERN TASMANIAN RIFLE ASSOCIATION.-The Secretary has received a letter from the Secretary of the New South Wales Rifle Association, stating that a match bas been placed on tbe programme of matches to be fired in the week ending 19th November next, and that the association will be very glad to welcome a Tasmanian team. Condi- tions, 300, 500, and 600yds., 10 shots at each, open to teams of 10 men from any colony. Henry rifle ; forward position ; entrance, nil ; prize, trophies for winning team. I.O.G.T. -The officers of the Excelsior Lodge were installed at the lodge room, Mechanics' Insti- tute, on Friday evening last by L. P. Bro. Walpole (of Red Cross Knights Lodge) as follows :- Chief Templar, Bro. Rev. W. Gould ; Vice Templar, Sister Evanas; Secretary, Sister Spooner ; Financial Secretary, Bro. Taylor ; Treasurer, Sister Barrows ; Chaplain. Bro. Witt ; Marshal, Bro. Jack ; Guard, Bro. Owen, jun, ; Sentinel, Bro. T. Matthews ; Assistant Secretary, Sister Witt ; Dep. M., Sister Rose Dalwood ; R.S., Bro. Brunskell ; L.S., Bro. Stanton. Sister Telford is Past Chief. GOOD TEMPLARY. -The following are the officers of the Red Cross Knights Lodge, No. 47, I.O.G.T., for the quarter ending October 31, 1881 :-W.C.T., Bro. J. Taylor ; W.V.T., Sis. J. Wilson ; W.C., Bro. Geo. Wilson, jun.; W.S., Bro. Wm. Mcintosh ; W.A.S., Sis. Emily S. Aspinall ; W.T., Sis. E. Chandler ; W.F.S., Bro. J. Walpole ; W.M., Bro. G. Manard ; W.P.M., Sis. Nettle ; W.I.G., Bro. J. Martin ; W.O.G., Bro. F. Osborne ; R.H.S., Sis. A. Taylor, L.H.S., Sis L. Driver. PROFESSOR RICE. -To-night Professor Rice will appear at the Town Hall. To give our readers some idea of his entertainment, the following is clipped from the Brisbane Courier of December 27, 1880 :- " Professor Rice, the groat mind reader, gave the first of a series of his entertainments at the Town Hall, on Boxing Night, to a crowded house, and a more interesting and pleasurable evening we never passed in our lives. His mind-reading tests were a great success, and we were in a quandary as to how he obtains the almost supernatural gift of divining the thoughts of other people. Sceptics, who regarded the Professor as a humbug for assum- ing so much, went to the hill and submitted them- selves for a test. One seemed sufficient for each of them. They thought of a subject, and almost immediately Professor Rice indicated its identity, which much astonished them, and as quickly dissipated all doubts as to the bona fides of his professions. The Professor introduced several startling exhibitions of his powers, which he claims as an exact representation of the feats performed by the leading media of America. Among the most interesting, we may mention the Eddy Brothers' spirit fire trick, causing an ordinary newspaper to catch fire and blaze at command ; Miss Jenny Holmes' wine and water test, which was both mysterious and amusing ; the Davenport Brothers' rope test, etc. Mr. Rice in the latter was exceed- ingly good. He was tied and bound inside a cabinet, the door of which was no sooner closed than bells were rung from out of the windows, and horns were blown in such a discordant fashion as to make one suppose that half-a- dozen were employed on the premises. But not so. The doors are thrown open suddenly, and the Professor is to be seen tightly bound as before. Other amusing incidents occurred during the cabinet performances, which were watched by a committeeman selected from the audience. Mr. Rice then showed how an iron ring could be placed on a man's arm while he clutched both his hands together. There were many other marvellous tricks performed, including the far-famed Ghost Illusion. The Professor is securely bound inside the cabinet, and in a few minutes after the door closes several mystic personages are seen to float around the stage, while the Professor is seen sitting in the cabinet." No doubt the management will have crowded houses, as good entertainments are welcome during the long winter months. PUBLICATION RECEIVED. - The Tasmanian Catholic Standard for July is to hand, and contains much interesting reading matter. Local affairs and colonial news find a large space in this periodical, and the selection of intercolonial, foreign, and general news is such as to show that no pains has been spared to place before the reader that which will give him an excellent epitome of the leading features of importance in the section of the com- munity to which he belongs. THE BANK OF VAN DIEMEN'S LAND - The Aus- tralasian Insurance and Banking Record, of the 10th inst., after summarising the balance-sheet sub- mitted at last half-yearly meeting of the share- holders, says :- " The noticeable points are increase of deposits equal to £35,000 ; and of advances, £27,000. Profit and loss account still feels the drag of liability for deposit interest at rate of 5 per cent. The accounts show vitality in the manage- ment. In our February and March issues, we felt it to be a duty to offer some strictures on the balance-sheet at 31st December. Every suggestion we made has been unreservedly and fully complied with, and we can cordially congratulate the pro- prietors on the accounts now presented, and on their good fortune in securing the services of Mr. Wyatt Hickling, who is justifying our twenty years' knowledge of him as a sound and energetic banker." GREYHOUND EXPORT. -By the s.s. Ringarooma, which left this port for New Zealand yesterday, Mr. H. F. Turner shipped the well-known greyhound slut, Lady Belle. This dog has been specially selected, from Mr. Turner's kennel, as a brood bitch, and is sent to the order of Mr. F. P. Wilkin- son, of Timaru. A few weeks prior to departure, Lady Belle visited Mr. J. Joyce's My Fancy, of Launceston, whose services as a sire are unsurpassed. My Fancy is bred by Spot, from the celebrated Miss Hella, both Waterloo Cup winners, and My Fancy also is the sire of a number of winners. Lady Belle is by Messrs. Watson and Patterson's Claver- house, of Victoria, from Lucy, a granddaughter of the celebrated Master McGrath, who performed the unparalleled feat of winning the English Waterloo Cup three times. Though Lucy has had few chances as a brood slut, yet she is the dam of such winners as Lubra, Maritana, Lady, Archer, Cera, and the one now shipped. Lady Belle's per- formances last year, though unfortunate each time she ran-having to be drawn after winning three courses- stamped her as a fast and clever greyhound, and should she reach, her destination well, Mr. Wilkinson will have but little trouble to stock New Zealand with not only good greyhounds, but some of the best running blood in the Australian colonies, Lady Belle will represent the Quamby kennels, next season in all the principal stakes. FOOTBALL. - A match took place at New Norfolk on Saturday last, between New Norfolk and Mac- quarie Plains clubs, and resulted in a draw in favour of the New Norfolk Club. The New Nor- folkers had a very weak team to meet a strong team. The Macquarie Plain captain won the toss, and chose to kick with the wind. During the first half Messrs. Simpson. Anderson, and Hardy had shots for goals for New Norfolk, and Marshall had two shots for goal for the Macquarie Plains. When time was called to change, the game stood six behinds for New Norfolk Club, and three behinds for Macquarie Plains Club. During the last half the ball was in the New Norfolk hands, but they were not suc- cessful in kicking any goals, and when time was called the game stood thus-20 behinds for New Norfolk to Macquarie Plains' nil. Messrs. Anderson and Godkin acted as goal umpires; and Mr. T. Synott as field umpire. Railway v. Cricketers. -The above clubs met on Saturday lost on the Association ground, the match resulting in an easy victory for the Railway by 3 goals to 1. In the first half the Railway kioked against the wind, scoring 2 goals, kicked by F. Lamb and John Watt ; McLeod only having one shot for goal for the Cricketers which he missed. In the second half the Railway had the game in their hands, but could not manage to kick more than one goal, kicked by W. Sharp. C. Lewis, of the Cricketers got a mark at a very difficult angle, and by a splendid kick scored the only goal for the Cricketers. During this half a dispute arose as to a goal kicked by Dunlop of the Railway, but this team giving way left them victors by 3 to 1. For the Railway, Briggs, Cundy, Watt, Self, Cheverton, Dunlop played well ; and for the Cricketers, Macleod, Kirby, Lewis, Aspinall, and Chapman played well. W. Eltham gave satisfaction as field umpire, as did Messrs. Burke and Hull as goal umpires. The Royal Prince Alfred Lodge, M.U., will hold their anniversary ball at the Bush Inn, New Norfolk, on the 18th inst. 