NEWS OF THE DAY. Wunara enabled, from information supplied to us from the . Treasury office, to state that the revenue for the Y quarter ended 30th September amounts to £1,709, '262' J Os. 8d., being £-185,855 3s. 6d. in excess of the ri Yvenvxe for the corresponding quarter in 1889. The total revenue for the past three quarters of the current v tar is £4,703,720 15s. 4d., being an increase of while 5,004. 10s. 3d. on the corresponding nine months in 1680. The details of the past quarter's revenue will be found in another column. The Gazette, with the usual particulars of revenue and expenditure, will be pub! shed in course of to-day. IiEcrjxT 0Y sets in America show that it is not alone the crowned 1 lead that needs He uneasy. One President has been on letty assassinated, the murder of his successor has been plotted ; two men, according to one of our" special cablegrams of this morning, \- having been overheard arranging the details of the crime. Another message reports the organization of a secret association in Russia, whose object is to annihilate Nihilism or the Nihilists. If the principle at setting a thief to catch a thief be a sound one, the institution of one secret society to destroy another may prove in some degree successful, although existence of two such organizations in a State may not be altogether a matter upon which the governmental powers are to be congratulated. From Ire- land news comes of a arthur agitation and outrages. In Tunis the French troops have been worsted by the insur- rectionists. The arrival, however, in that turbulent country of the large bodies of reinforcements that were despatched from France two or three days ago, may soon after the position of affairs. THERE were not suffit dont members in the Legislative Assembly last evening 'to form a quorum, and consequently the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker until Tuesday, "VVB learn that Sir JohnfeEobertson, Sir George Innes, and Mr. F. B. Suttor will i represent the Government at the opening of the new post and telegraph offices at Goulburn. The Ministerial party will leave Sydney by special train from the Redfern station at 9 a.m. on Monday morning, arriving at Goulburn about 2 o'clock, when the ceremony will take - place, and a banquet will be given in the Cleaning, The special train will return in time for hon. members to take their places in Parliament on Tuesday afternoon. IT was rumoured in legal circles yesterday that his Honor Mr. Justice Hargrave, who has for some time been very unwell, had resigned his position as a Judge of the Supreme Court. At present the report has not been officially confirmed,, bat in his Honor's present state of health is considered by his friends not at all unlikely that he may retire from his judicial duties. YESTERDAY official report of the Board of Health is as follows-The undermentioned patients were visited by the Government medical staff on 20th instant, and reported as progressing favourably Mrs Evans and child, Arthur- place ; Mr. Langley, baby, and Mrs. Tees, 83, Quay-street ; Mr. and Mrs, Garrod, Botany ; Miss "Wailes, Queen-street, Woollahra and Ellen Moon, 2-1, Charles-street, Woolloomooloo. The houses of the following persons have also been remitted, in which it has been found that all the late pations are convalescent, and that all the other inmates are in good health: Air. Barford, Sussex-street ; John Pope, York-street j George Spooner, Little Moon-street, ¡ylSe!fern, and Joseph Rogers, Mount-street, Pyrmont, who physician who visited the Sanitary Camp, at Lillie "1 lay, reports that the inmates are all in good health,'' 'The telegram received yesterday morning at the Tree on ry from the quarantine station was as follows: "Hospital ship Faraway, all doing well; hospital ent -losure, all YVCII ; cabin enclosure, all in satisfactory cors nations," M ïn have been favoured by Messrs. Dalgety, Black wood I, and Co. with the following communication have in reference to the frozen meat per Cuzco : "As the success of these experiments is of great inten '-it to the community, we place before you the substance of a telegram from our London firm (During oty, Du Croz?, and Co.), relative to a consignment of mes at (mutton) per Cuzco, a small portion of which was 33 'd on arrival at 4 d. per Ib., and the balance they were a cabled to provide cold! storage for. The telegram reads:- -'Sold balance Cusco's meat at 5d.; market firmer; demand increasing ; prospects promising.'" The following South Australian land regulations, publish 3d in April of this year, have been forwarded to us by 1 Mr. W. A. Brodribb', M.L.A. :-"'L*Tbo person who shall apply for, and describe to the commissioner, any com ltry not previously applied for within the said territory and without the settled districts for pastoral purposes, shall be entitled, subject to the approval of '-the corner nisBioner, to a preferential right to lease for any pera and, not exceeding twenty-five years, of any portion ^ thereof in one block, to consist of not less than 25 nor more than 400 square miles in area, at a rental, payable annually in advance, of 6d, per square mile for the first seven years, and 2s. 6d. per square mile for the remainder of the term, and subject to the conditions set forth in these regulations with respect to stocking the run and to the plan of the same. 2. The run muBfc he declared stocked within three years, dating from h t auary 1, April 1, July 1, October 1, respectively, as set succeeding date of the application at the rate of least two head of great cattle or ten head of small cattle for every square mile of the country so applied for; not as will be granted until the run has been stocked ;->8Ín cutaneous applications will be decided by lot, 3. Every application shall contain a clear description of the run applied for, and shall be entered in a book to be like (pt for that purpose in the land office at Palmerston, or the survey office, Adelaide and such book shall be signed' then and there by the applicant's or his authorised a great; and any person, upon payment of a fee of 2s. 6d., shall be entitled to inspect the said book, The hon. member for Wentworth asks: "After the above, will the i Minister for Lands again say in the Assembly that our Land laws are far more liberal than the land laws of the -neighbouring colonies ? " A oEiaiAi, meeting of the- Shipmasters and Officers Association was held last evening, at Perkins' Royal Exchange ch ambers Captain Holden occupied the chair. After some rircEtinu« business had been transacted, correspondonce ran the Melbourne Association was read, Some discussion took place in regard to the collision between thelsteanic^rs Hero and Herga, and it was resolved that Captain M'Goo's expenses in connection with the inquiry v should be paid, The Secretary reported that 33 members had joined the association since last, meeting, and the sum of £39 collected. A discussion took place as to the advantages of the association, the chairman remarking that if each member had the interest of the association at heart, in six mouths hence it .' would prove a grand success. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. The monthly meeting of the Linnean Society of New South Wales was held at the AVon Public Library on Wednesday evening last, the President, J. C. Cox, M.D., F.L.S. in the chair. Messrs. E. L. Layard, CART" British Consul at Noumea, ii. Oliver, M.A., of Sidney and Dr. Mackt>llar,-of Sydney, were elected members Several gentlemen' were nominated for ballot at the next meeting. The receipt of the following donations were acknowledged Esrom. the Department of Mines, Sydney, geological-iskoaíli map of New South Wales ; from the Tasmanian Salmon Com missioner, report for the year 1881. The following papers were read 3-5. 3' The Bottvny of the Springsure District," by P. A. O'Shanesy, RES" of Emerald, Queensland. 2. " The Surges of' Alsophila in New South Wales," by the" GovT Tick, Woolls. F.L.S. 3\. On " Palnreria of the Moninuacea!," by Rev. Dr. "Woolls, F.L.S. 4. On " A new Isopod Crustacean, Apscudes Obtusifrons," by W. A. Haswell, M.A., B.S.C., &c.; The Hon. William Macleay exhibited a large specimen (about six inches in diameter) of Mylitta Australis, a fungus of the Traffic family, generally known under the name of " native bread." He stated that the specimen exhibited had been dug up in the Blue Mountains by the Hon. James Norton, but it was not by any means uncommon in all parts of the country. He expressed a doubt as to its edible qualities, notwithstanding the name given to it. A long discussion followed, in which doubts were expressed by almost all against the belief that it was used as food by the aborigines. Copies of Part 2 of Vol. 6 of the " Society's Proceedings " were laid on the table. YESTERDAY afternoon, after school work was over, the scholars of the Crown- street Superior Public School presented their late head master, Mr. J. P. Rooney, with a testimonial and address, as a token of their great respect and esteem for him. The testimonial consisted of an elegantly chased gold watch, by Ehrhardt, of London, valued at £35, which bore a suitable inscription, The address was a copy of an illuminated one, which is not quite ready for presentation. It expressed the sorrow with which the scholars learnt that Mr. Rooney's connection with them as head master of the school had terminated. They the more deeply regretted that the separation had taken place at a time when the boys' school was marked by the hearty co-operation of parents, teachers, and pupils, and when under his genial rule a cheerful and willing obedience had been accorded to his instructions. They sincerely trusted that a continuance of that prosperity which had hitherto marked Mr. Mooney's long and honourable career as a teacher might attend him in his new sphere of labour. Mr. Rooney, in the course of his remarks acknowledging the presentation, said that although he valued the present as being a beautiful and costly piece of workman- ship, yet he prized it far more because it told him that he had won the approbation of his scholars. He fully believed that a man deserved no thanks for doing his duty ; but at the same time it stimulates one to further exertion, and makes labour pleasant, when a man finds that his endeavours are appreciated. In carrying out his aims in connection with the school he found little difficulty, as two powerful auxiliaries were at hand to aid him, viz., home influence and the co-operation of the teaching staff. When a healthy home influence is wanting the teacher's work is difficult. In, no place had he found the influence of parents exerted with such salutary effects as in the neighbourhood of Crown-street. To the teachers of the school he owed an immense debt of gratitude ; they carried out all his wishes, they were animated with the utmost desire for the progress. and welfare, not alone of their own classes, but of the whole school. To have won the esteem of the boys of the largest school in Australia boys who would, no doubt, soon be part of the bone and sinew of a nation-was something to be proud of. He should hand down to his family the valuable present just made to him, and it would always remind them that their father did his duty and that his pupils esteemed him. PASTOR ALLEN lectured last night, in the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street, on " Eighteen Hundred Years' History of the New Testament, and the new Revised "Version." Mr. John Roseby, M.L.A., occupied the chair, and the attendance was very good. The lecturer gave a history of the Bible from the time of Jerome, who, he said, was the first, under direction from the Bishop of Rome-not then styled Pope-to collate and to translate from the Hebrew and Greek MSS. into one all the books comprised in the Old Testa- ment and the Now, until the publication, in 1611, of the English " Authorized Version," in every one of which were found a considerable number of passages omitted by the revisers of the latest issue such as Luke iv. 18, the latter part of the Lord's Prayer in Matthew vi., Matthew ix. 48-45, Acts viii 37, Romans viii. 1, the benediction at the end of the apostolic epistles, and, above all, the passage of St John's-" There are three that bear record in Heaven, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost," fee. The lecturer depreciated the Simiitiu, Alexandrina, and the Vatican sources, upon which the revisers have so much relied, and contended that the passages omitted on their authority had been purposely omitted either by Arians or to further the dogma of the Roman Church. The Bible as issued under the authority of James he considered to be the Bible, the whole Bible, and nothing but the Bible," the men employed on which were Greek and Hebrew scholars far in advance of any class of men now living while as to the new version "the thing" her Majesty the Queen and the authorities had withheld their- sanction and he, for his part, would have none of it. A vote of thanks to the lecturer, and a similar compliment to the chairman, having been passed by acclamation, the meeting: broke up, - < O.-? Wednesday evening last, S.S. Simon and Jude's Young Men's Mutual Improvement Society hold its usual meeting in the church when a lecture was delivered by the Rev. Luke Parr, the plainant, on "The Times and Life of John Bunyan." The wet weather somewhat interfered with the attendance, but those who were present heard a most instructive and eloquent lecture. A TOrn named Samuel Ewan, residing in Wattle street, Ultimo, fell from a building yesterday and fractured one of his legs. A man named William Kauffman, residing in Pitt-street, accidentally ran a fork into his eye yesterday, whilst taking some meat out of a ' boiler. Both sufferers received attention at the Infirmary. ABOUT 8 o'clock last evening Mr. G. K. Johnstone, of SO, Redfern-street, Redfern. found an infant on the doorstep of his house. There was also a bundle of clothing alongside it. The child was well dressed and was wrapped in a black shawl, to which a note was attached. The memorandum was as follows: " September 23. This child Francis Yivan as been put hear for a purpes so turn it not from your door, In two years from this date it will bring you the comfort you then will all want from one that will watch over it; from A. VIVAN, Sydney." The child was sent to the Benevolent Asylum, where the matron took charge of it. A MAN, named Joseph Aldred, 49 years of age and a joiner, died on Thursday night from injuries which he received by falling from a building in course of erection in Kippax-street, near Elizabeth-street. It seems that Mr. William Cook, of No. 7, Little Buckingham-street, is the overseer and part owner of the building alluded to, and that he was approaching it at half-past 10 o'clock on Thursday night, when he heard a man sing out " "Who's there " Immediately afterwards Mr. Cook heard a noise as of some one falling, and upon getting a light Aldred was found on some joists in what is intended for the basement floor of the building, and having blood flowing from his head, He appears to have walked into the building, when he fell through an opening which is intended for the staircase. What object Aldred had in going into the building has not been ascertained. The most fortunate man was removed to the Infirmary, but when he arrived there life was found to be extinct. An examination showed that there was a scalp wound as well as fracture of the skull. Deceased had resided at Mr. F. Bower's, No. 328, Elizabeth and Kippax streets. An inquest was held by the city coroner at his chambers yesterday afternoon, when a verdict was returned that Aldred died from the effects of injuries received at the building in Kippax-street, but there was not sufficient evidence to show whether such injuries were received accidentally or otherwise. It was elicited at the inquest that deceased had been drinking to excess recently. THE Minister for Lands (remarks the Sydney Mail), in replying to Mr. Fergusson's motion respecting the suspension of auction sale last Tuesday, met the charge of wholesale alienation with a very light heart. Granted, he says, that 32,000,000 acres have been alienated, the Crown still possesses 180,000,000 acres, " and if they sold 2,000,000 acres a year it would still be a great many years before they came to the end of the other." As the Government seem determined to go " to the end of the other, it may be as well to ascertain how far that will reach on some better days than Mr. Hoskins's rough and ready measure. That area of the colony, land and water, hill, forest, and plain all included, is officially returned at 199,000,000 acres, Deduct from that the area given as alienated by Mr Hoskins, and the total area loft is only 1(30,000,0017 acres, When a Minister makes so light of 14,000,00(1 acres as to create or destroy them in a breath, it must be clear that he does not fool as yet the pressure of the other. Again, Mr. Hoskins is very modes! in estimating the success of his Government in getting rid of Crown land since they reduced the most mine -at auction to the nominal minimum of £1 per acre and gave additional facilities for free selection. At the rate of last June quarter, they are selling 1,140,000 acres otherwise than conditionally, and 2,062,000 under I free selection, or 3,80 2,000 acres per annum under all I forms of sale. That is nearly twice the rate computed by the Minister for Lands. What does Mr. Hoskins expect to gain by stretching his argument so enormously ? He must have a poor opinion of the public intelligence to fancy it can be so easily gulled. At the rate of last quarter, " the end of the tether " will be reached in 44 years, and then New South Wales will have done in about a century what William of Normandy and his hordes did on the day they set foot in England, distributed the whole soil of the country among a few great proprietors. It is not everybody who can contemplate such a result with a light heart. The welfare of the country depends upon the maintenance of some reasonable proportion between the alienation of land and the increase of population settled upon it. Since 1878 that proportion has been most extravagantly violated on the side of gigantic allegations, and all the Government ask for is to be permitted to go on to " the end of the other." If the people are content to let them, they will unquestionably do it, as the easiest way of raising a revenue. 11 half a century later, posterity may complain of this spendthrift prodigality, but who will hear them ? Not the men of the present genet a tion, who avow their intention to go on selling as fast as possible so long as an acre remains. BY reference to an advertisement in another column it will be seen that a change has taken place in Reuter's A Aroney hero, air. Lachlan Beaton have long been removed from Melbourne to this city us Kent for Sydney. The following is the order of the musical service at St. Andrew's Cathedral to-morrow: Arnold in A anthem, " O Lord our Governor," Psalm viii. 1, 3, -1 verses. 