REPENTANCE AFTER DEATH. TO THE EDITOE. Sir—I notice that Mr. Neill employs rhetorical artifice to help out his case, for after using the interpretation "age-long" for the adjective " aionios' to several texts, he asks " Is' age-long* an improvement ? The question is not whether itis an improvement in the eyes of the instructed or uninstructed, but whether it is the true meaning. I may say that if it is the truth, it is an improvement. When I think of the meaning of endless torments to a conscious human being; it it is true that the torments of the wicked are only "age-long, I should h61d that a great improvement. 1 find no delight, but much sorrow in the thought, that my brothers and sisters will go to endless damnation. Mr. Neill has onlv shown two texts in which " aionian" is directly used as a predicate of God. When it is used with reference to the praise or glory of God, it only refers to God indirectly. With reference to those two texts, it is to be observed that " aidios is the word which in the strict sense means eternal duration, and as-such is applied to the Almighty in Rom. I.-" Even His eternal power and Godhead." And that a very prominent and important doctrine of the Bible, both 0. T. and N. T., is that God is not overmastered by the everflowing stream of time, but that he determines the times before appointed, and that all eras are regulated by reference to Christ. Now, this word " aionian, is derived from "aion," an age, and by many is looked upon as embodying just this idea, that God is King of the immense succession of eras or ages; so that the " aionian" spirit is the Holy Ghost as the supreme Spirit, working throughout all the ages, and the aionian" God the God of all the ages. . . It is difficult in a popular paper to show why there is a degree of uncertainty about" aionian" meaning eterna or perpetual; but "aionios " is derived from aion, and unquestionably a very great change has taken place among the ablest and most conservative scholars as to the derivation and root meaning of this word. Now the religious Tract Society iB very conservative, and commands the confidence of the Christian pnbllc That society has published a grammar of the New Testament, written by the Rev. S. Green, of Rawden Pnllece This grammar whs revised by the Kev. l>r. Jacob, late head master of Christ^ Hospital, and by the Rev R. B. Girdlestone, M.A., Editorial Superintendent of the British and Foreign Bible Society. It used to be said that " aion " and " aionian were derived from " aei" always and ".oq," being; but at page 420, synonym 58, Green's Grammar says:— 4 'Aion has reference primarily to duration, probably derived, not from 'aei on,' but from 'aemi* to breathe—hence, life duration, adj.' aionios' belonging to the aiou. When the Tract Society publishes that, and the Editorial Superintendent of the British, and Foreign Bible Society endorses it, I do not feel so very sure that " aionian " means perpetual, and never anything else but perpetual. Let Mr. Neil consult Stephens' Greek Thesauras if he can get the use of it, and see, as I have, all the known instances of the use of these words in Greek classic literature, and he will not have such a happy confidence in " aionian " always meaning eternal as he has now. He will find plenty of usage with limited meaning. , I was a rabid believer in the instant eternal torments of all unbelievers after death, investigated to prove it true and was confounded. When I became aware of considerations like the above I ceased to be so liberal in the eternal damnation of my fellow-creatures, and thought that perhaps the blood of Christ and the power of the Holy Ghost might avail to save at least some of those who have passed within the veil. There are those who believe that there will be some from among men who will suffer eternal torments, and yet believe that there are possibilities of repentance beyond the grave. Mr. Neill argues as is the mere proof of eternal terment is a disproof of repentance beyond the grave. The Bible gives the judgment day as the period when those whose names are not written in the Book of Life shall be cast into the lake of fire; also, 2 Thes. i. 9 refers to the second advent, and not to the moment after each person's death. What fairness is there in using texts which refer to the second advent as if they treated of the time immediately after deathj? The parables of the virgins and the talents do not teach that Christ reckons with each man at death. As for the passage in Isaiah from Hezekiah's prayer, it is a wresting of Scripture to use it as Mr. Neill does. Hezekiah meant the grave by the pit. Paul and Peter went down into the pit. They hoped for God's truth. Hezekiah's murmurs are not divine doctrines. AIONIOS. 