MELBOURNE. Saturday Evening. (FROM OUR OWN COEHESPOSDEST.) The fact that Mr Berry has had a talk with his Excellency about what is to be done if the Reform Bill is not carried has raised the spirits of the Corner party, and they will doubtless be encouraged to persevere in their opposition to the bill, looking upon the battle as almost won. There is, however, still good ground for hope that moderation and reason will cany the day, and that the reform ghost may be laid to rest for a little while, notwithstanding the mistaken attempt of the little lot in the Corner to prevent at all hazards the bringing about of so desirable a conummation. "there is no truth in the report that Mr Call, P.M., was substituted as magistrate in the Ferret case for Mr Panton, P.M., by the Crown law authorities, because the latter was supposed to have shown a slight leaning towards the accused. The whole thing from beginning to end is pure invention. The papers have left off telling ns how Colley ana his victim, Amy Lewis, are getting on. I understand that they continue to progress favorably, both being out of danger, and that the man may be well enough to appear at the police court in a week or two. Mr Charles Edwards, who was arrested yesterday by Detective Brown; for obtaining £100 from the New Zealand Loan and Agency Company, by representing that he had been sent by his late employers, Messrs M'Carlan and Company.-of Melbourne, was brought before the police court to-day, and remanded until Thursday. There was second charge against him of obtaining goods and money by false pretences, which was said to be of five years' standing. He bas an.aUas, viz., Louis D. Levy. Dwellers in the suburbs have been suffering considerably from burglarious operations lately. The latest- victim is Signor Verdi, of operatic fame, but the thieves did not succeed in annexing many valuables. She was not to our eyes very young or very beautiful, but she wore a fine scarlet feather, and had laughing eyes, and the Unit ensemble was too much for an Albury youth who came her way and was led captive. At parting she put her arms lovingly round his neck, bat one little hand went into his breast pocket and brought out his purse, never to be seen by him again. A policeman—a watchhouse—a prisoner. But the lady conqnered. She sent a message to a confidential and trusty friend, who got hold of the beguiled one, and the Litter squared it. Under these circumstances it is not to be wondered at that tile whilom prisoner marched proudly from court this morning a free woman. 