COMPETITION SILT APPLIANCES AND THE HAltllOR TRUST COMMISSION. to the editor of the age. Sin, — It is not unusual for tho authors of re jected competitive designs to cavil with tho de cision of tho judges who havo consigned their projects to oblivion. I shall not follow tliut course but claim your indulgence that I may re move the impression that the designs sent in were not original, and that tlioso who have sont in designs similar to mine aro not entitled to be consideicd "novel inventors." I gather from your report, and from other sources, that t ho re- jectcdschemosol' Mr. Kelly, Mr. Wilcoxand myself are the same in principle, and therefore it must bo to them the experts refer to as having been iu use in Scotland from 20 to 30 years ago. 1 thought that ghost had been laid for qll time when in 1874 the then superintendent for dredging opera tions to tho Pu&lio; Works department disputed hotly tbo originality of my scheme, urging that similar appliances were in nso in Dundee, Scot land. I succeeded in disproving it on tho evi dence of two most rcspoctabic citizens, natives of Dundeo, who had seen the Scotch appliances in operation, and they testi fied to thero being a similarity, but that the appliances were not tho same. From what was then elicited, tbe pontoons there in use are quite different to those in possession of tho Harbor Trust, which my design is intended to utilise, and tho waggons, judging from the description given, most rescmblo tnoso of tho successful design. As the misapprehension has apparently had great weight in influencing the decision of the experts and Harbor Trust Commissioners, I respoctfuliy urgo Messrs. Steel and Wilson to carefully examino and com- pare tho Scotch scheme with mine, nnd they will find thoy are not tho samo. My appliances were in nso in Williamstown in 1874, aud the plant there in nso was purchased the same yoar by tho Government department of which Mr. Steel is now Inspector- General for £2267, and they have them noiv in their possession. It would therefore be easy to compare this plant with tho Scotch ones if they have the plans. If not-, I ofi'cr to tender evidence. I havo boon a resident of Victoria for close 011 thirty years, and liavo never been in Dundee, nor have I over scon any plana of the Scotch appliances. It might therefore bo fairly urged on my bo- half, assuming the two schemes wcro .similar, that I have not filched tho ideas of -others or. been guUftc£ trading, on otber'meu'BX' brains, but I am prepared to show they are not the samo, and that thoy were novcr in use before I used them. Mr. Kelly has prepared and sent in an ela borate model on principles similar te my sehemo, and has claimed the premium, notwith standing tlio fact that ray appliances wero in public use bcvcu years ago, and wore known to cveryono connected with dredg ing operations in tho Bay at that time. I ask Mr. Stool, seoing ho and Mr. Wilson have apparently taken some pains to find_ oat whether or not schemes were original, if it would not have been simplo justice to havo said that my appliances wero the flint 011 that principle to bo used in Victoria doing work for his department, and not have given prominenco and first place to similar schemes, that,- to use the mildest lan guage, -might possibly havo been copies, -l'ho gist of tlio wliolo matter in, I wish to re- inovo from tlio minds of tho exports and Harbor Trust Commissioners tbo error of thinking my appliances aro similar to any in use in Scotland, aud will gladly assist in removing that impression by ovidenco if thoy will allow inc. Aud I challenge Mr. Kelly, Mr. Wilcox or anyone else in tlio colony to show tliat they bad similar appliances in use in this or any other colony or placo prior to my using them in \ io- toria. — Yours. &c..; T. S. SINCLAIR. liouvciic-rtrcot, Carlton, 13th April. 