A LASTIMC MEMORY. ' The night of my return I went to the Hay- market Theatre. After my long wanderings my arrival had disappointed me. It was a dull November Saturday. London was not Ctil T nn T onornolTy Or»t7 f.lin orrbotinffc ecu ex J- ivuuu ouaivwrj luJ I had longed for and expected. My few relatives were absent ; in the clubs I be longed to I only found strangers. Time hung heavy on my hands after the strange scenes of the past five years. So I went to the Haymarket. | The little theatre had always been my faucy. I remembered it from very early youth — Farren, Webster, Buckstone, Howe, j HolL, Mrs. Nisbit, Mrs. Glover, Julia Bennett, j aud Miss P. Horton. I have never been a great theatre goer or devotee of the drama, and my knowledge of theatrical history is ' pretty well confined to the Haymarket. I. There was rather a long entr' acte, and my miud, by instinct but mistily, went over dif ferent occasions of play-going. Here I had been with A, and B, and C in days when the end of the play was the beginning of the evening. Nearly opposite once existed a kind of hell upon earth called Bob Croft's, whither young men went merely because it was dis reputable. Once or twice in early youth I had been taken there, and I had not fancied it, for rough amusement had never been to my liking. At Mr. Croft's an ordinary evening generally ended in a fight, and a not very extraordinary one in a police invasion. Here I had been kept from harm's way by Jock Campbell — since dead1. ' Once— the re membrance followed quick — I had come to the theatre in ITbox with Jock Caunpbell and 1 others. Among them was Lydia Main- j wearing. Th# play wa#the same as that j now being actett, the School for Scandal.' I : glanced at the box we haS occupied.- 1 It was empty. The curtain again rung up. o Another entr'., acte. The box was still, empty. I sighed. My longed-for return had been such a disappointment. . I had almost expected to see some friend in the box. Curious — in a box near it two hands in black, gloves are holding an opera-glass directed to ward me. The wrists seem familiar, small, but with hard wiry sinews expressing power and strength. The next time I looked up, the hands and the glass are there no longer, and their owner has retired to the back of the box. The play was over, and a well-known farce was about to commence. The stalls were half-einptied, when a well-known face came arid greeted me. It was Sir Esine Egerton, once a school-fellow, then a clergyman — a j vocation he had renounced on succeeding to J ( a baronetcy and a property. He was a kindly, 1 dull man. j 4 Westerham,' lie said, 'I had no idea you J were in London.' 1 1 have only just returned after nearly five j years' wandering in the two Americas.' j ' I knew you were travelling somewhere, J hut no one has ever heard from you.' J < L write to so few people,' I answered, 1 and J no ope, wrote $0 me. I have been beyond the, 1 range of ml public or private.' j Then, I tdaresay, you. never heard of my marriage ? Come up and make the acquaint- . khee hf any. wife.' He'took me to the box in which I had seen the black gloves. ' My dear, I don't thiuk you ever knew roy . old Iriend Lord Westerham , though I believe you come from the same country and bear r "the satne name. He has just returned from South America.' Lady Egerton bowed for a moment with out a word. Then, as though to make re- paration, she said: i am always glad to see any of your friends. Welcome home, I should say, Lord Westerham. I know you already, from Esme and others. It was the same voice and the same ges- ture as before—a mixture of def anoe apd -sub r I mission, of resentment and fear. To, Esme I her bearing was affectionate and caressing, j almost compassionate and full of . gratitude. / But tome Lydia Mainwearingshowed no sign of recognition. . f . ' I was surprised to hear of Sir Esme's marriage just now." I have had no letters for months, and have seen ho newspapers except in the last few weeks.' 'Won't you ask the wanderer to cline to morrow ?' suggested the husband. 'I hope you will come, Lord. Westerham. Esme will long to hear your adventures ; and,' she added more slowly, and With an j emphasis perceptible only to? myself— 'and j they will interest me, too.'1 She continued — J 'I feel a little .chilly, Esme, and I should like to go home.' j He begged me to escort his wife down stairs while he looked out for the carriage. _ I wiien aione sue saiu. no wuiu ui iccwgm- 1 tion or reminiscence. ; J You must have seen the play before, Lord | Westerham.' 1 'Once,' I replied, 'a lpng lime ago, from the box next to 4his; one;' j 4 Then you will remember to- morrow' she J said, as she entered the carriage. ' I know I your promises are sacred. Good night.' H. 1 My youth was most unhappy. My mother I had married a second time a Welsh clergy - J man, who had speculated on her family. She was the sister, and later the heir general, of Jjora wescernam, wuu, uaviug i,wu uujb auu an encumbered estate, could do little for her, oven if so inclined. The death of his two boys made but little change in his inclina tion, as it seemed to embitter his wife, a hard Scotch Puritan, toward those who were to succeed to the inheritance of her sons. Nor did it improve the disposition toward me of my step-father. Small as were my prospects, they stood in the way of his son, my step brother — an impulsive, choleric, sickly boy, who died before his father. But my early life and home were unhappy. My small patrimony was seized on by my step-father, who grudged me the food and shelter he gave me for my own money. Things could not, last thus. At an early age I therefore found myself living in London with a j. distant cousin, a conveyancer, who gave | me a latchkey, and allowed me to have my own way, under the guidance of another distant relative, a sporting man and a scapegrace. It was under his patronage that I became acquainted with the establishment of Mr. Bobert Croft. It is a wonder to toe now that I was not ruined in purse and im putation before I reached the age of nineteen. Fortunately, I disliked the society into which I was initiated, and after the first flattering assurance that I was 4 seeing life,' I backed out of Mr. Croft's intimate circle. Indeed I never entered into his establishment above two or three times — once with my cousin, who, having secured me the entree, allowed me alone to improve the occasion. It was on my third and last appearance that I made the acquaintance of Jock Campbell. After dining alone with the conveyancer, I left him to do his work, went to the theatre, and sat in the stalls next to Jock. I looked much younger than my age, which was not much more than seventeen. When I left the theatre I crossed the Haymarket and passed up the little court which led to Croft's. I had j engaged to meet my scapegrace cousin there. He had dazzled me with the promise of taking me to a scene of even greater bliss. At the door of Bob Croft's, waiting for it to beppened at the necessary signal, stood the tall, heavy, I but well- proportioned form that had sat next me at the theatre. Looking at me as we entered, he said in a tone of compassion : ' Hillo ! 1 young man, you are beginning early;' I half- resented his remarks, and with an air of su- periority I asked the waiter if Mr. Alan M'Tavish had arrived. ' Alan M'Tavish !' Jock Campbell mur mured to himself as, on learning that my i cousin had not arrived, I walked into the first | room. The rooms were small and crowded. The gas flamed, but the floors were sanded. The space was divided into boxes, of which only two sides were fenced off. The atmosphere was thick with smoke ; and there 'was to be found the refuse of race courses and singing- halls, with a large sprinkling of young men of the upper and middle classes, guardsmen, and others who, like myself, imagined they were enjoying life. Jock Campbell entered as a king, and was rapturously greeted by all the assembly. He was a splendid fellow, tall,; at least 6ft. 4in, muscular, with great breadth of shoulders, powerful arms,' and a handsome, highbred, fair-complexioned face, on which he wore a I moustache— an ornament only known in those days to men who, like himself, were in J the cavalry. j ' Good-niglit, Jock,' the mob cried out. J ' Good- night,' he responded cheerily; and I notwithstanding the vile surroundings, his presence and his voice showed the good there I was in the man. J He was not more thin four-and-twenty, I and the days had not d/ed out, now almost I forgotten. when debau fiber v was deemed the extreme of wit and good company. Spring- heeled Jacks wrenehipg off door- knockers, midnight surprises, lights in the strefefc, attacks on the police— these were the; plea sures of many young/men ojE the world? hdyy, staid grandfathers a»a lights in their gpneta- tion. Jock Campbell had fallen Intothese way from high spirits rather than froto.de-; pravity. He waji full of energy, strong, handsome and beloved — beaming with gym- pathy, which was/enlisted by his companions tor the moment, whether these were innocent or there verse. /Belonging to a regiment in which such pursuits were the vogue,; he plunged readily into them. But he was equally popular in ball-rooms with maiden aunts, or even little children, for he was only pleased with giving pleasure. Waiting $>r my cousin, I called ostenta tiously for aglass of ' pale white.' the synonym for. brandy#tod- water in an unlicensed insti tution.' inner filing seamed, to tell me that Jock/Campbell had his eye on me; and half-resenlfu), yet half-fascinated, I followed bun up-fijtairs with my bran dy- and -water in my ham The room was much larger, as supper /ould be obtained there, and a table "stood yery nearly the whole length of the room,/ covered with a cloth spotted with gravy# beer, and strong drink, I sat down at an unoccupied cornqr of tins,, sipping my brandy- 1 and-water, and smoking a cigar, a nefrly- 1 acquired accomplishment. . . A man with -a I Jproken-hose, named Shepherd, a betting man, | sat at the other end. . The rest of the room I was crowded ; for it was known Jock: Camp- I bell, who had a beautiful voice, wouid, be I asked to sing a song. I Come, dock— a song!' they all cried ;, and he trolled forth, in a rich, stipng J tenor, an Irish song with a rollicking chorus, I in which the whole room joined. I 1 Encore ! encore V shouted the crowd. 4 1 'ope the next song won't be so noisy, cap- j taiii,' said Mr. Bob Croft, 4 acos of the peelers.' j 4 All right,' said Jock Campbell, as he took a puff of his cigar, looking me straight in the 1 face ; and leaning his chin on his hand; he sang in a minor key, and in a low tone, a pathetic Scotch song. The effect was extra- TLft AVAtorl WO O .1:1. L _ UiUUiCuij « Wv nu ««io uuniicii Hiillg JULtJ sang ; and when he ended,, the lost, hardened women present were crying and sobbing like children. On myself the effect was electrical. I had often heard the song in my home, and had always been told that it was unpublished, and related to an event in our family history.- It set me musing. 4 Come, young man,' said the broken-nosed ruffian at the end of the table ; 4 don't you know it's your duty to stand the company with champagne round ?' I was quite dazed with the speech. 4 If you go woolgathering, young man,' continued Shepherd, 4 I'll bring you to soon . bliUUgiit I 4 Don't he too hard on the youngster, Tim 1 Shepherd,' said Jock Campbell. I 'If he don't stand champagne, I'll knock ! his head off,' replied the bully. j 4 No, you won't, Tim,' rejoined Jock. 4 A I big fellow like you can't hit a child like that.' j 4 No, you can't, Tim,' said the company, j 4 We don't want no champagne.' j 4 You shall have some, however,' declared j Jock Campbell ; and he ordered half a dozen I of Mr. Croft, who brought it up himself. j By this time Jock Campbell had come near j me. I ' You must take a glass, youngster,' he j said, 4 if only for the sake of my song. Do J you know it ?' 1 4 Yes,' I answered. 4 In my family it is known as the song of Lydia Mainwaring, the Welsh girl who loved the Scotchman.' '.Where do you live, my boy? You had better go home.' 4 1 am waiting for some one.' j ' Alan M'Tavisli won't come here to-night. J He has been taken to a sponging-house. You I had better leave this, as there is sure to be a I row soon. Can I give you a lift ?' | 4 1 live in Baker street.' j 4 What ! with old Calvert M'Tayish ? It is J not far out of my way to the barracks.' | His brougham was standing at the door, I and he took me home. 4 Don't go any more to Bob Croft's,' he said at parting. 4 Trust m.y word, it is not j good for you, and my name is Jock Gampbell. j We shall meet soon.' ; I HI. Alan M'Tavish was soon set free from the j sponging-house. Calvert was rich, and his I mission seemed to be the release of Alan from j arrest. He was a quaint, kind-hearted, yet I selfish old man, who had discovered the secret that immediate compliance saved a great deal of trouble. His only hobby was J his profession, which had produced, and was 1 producing, a good deal of money. To a great part of this his few relatives seemed welcome. Alan helped himself freely, and. was only arrested when Calvert was out of town. I was far more humble and contented myself with my small means— ample enough, ; as Calvert would not hear of my paying for bed or board. 4 Who is Jock Campbell?' I asked of Alan. I 4 As good a fellow as ever lived. A captain in the , and a kind of cousin of yours and mine. Did you ever hear the song of I Lydia Mainwaring?' | . 4 Yes, I have — often.' Somehow or other 1 1 did not like to tell the manner in which I had last heard it. | 'Well, since the loves of Lydia, and of I Jock her lover, the names of Mainwaring | and Campbell have been intertwined in almost every generation. You, at least your I mother, is a Mainwaring. Lord Westerham 1 has married a Campbell, but Lady Wester- 1 ham has nearer Mainwaring relations than I her husband. Jock Campbell is her nephey, 1 and she has a girl living with her, half- cousin, half-dependent, whose name is Lydia 1 Mainwaring, and whose relationship to Lord I Westerham is scarcely appreciable.' 1 4 1 wish I knew my relations,' I said,- with I a sigh. 4 1 have so few respectable acquaint- j ances.' - J 4 Am I not sufficient ?' asked Alan. 4 Well, J perhaps I am not respectable,' he replied in his turn. 4 You know,' he went on 10 say, j 4 the difficulty. Lady Westerham has alcrocliet, I and your step-father is a brute. But you cer tainly should know more people. It won't do for your acquaintance to be confined to Cal vert and myself. I'll think it over. Just lend me a couple of pounds. . ; IV. J Lord and Lady Westerham came to town, and Jock Campbell insisted on their asking me' to dinner.; Lord Westerham was a heavy, | 1 high-bred man/hiterested in agriculture, and j deep in revijs and hewspapers. Lady Wes- | terbdnrwas the real figure round which was J grouped the family hiistpry. . Aged, with grey j hair under a cap, dressed in a great, deal of J rjeh and old laces, she Was, in every respect, I tfoe gr ande daw. Her manners at first were j somewhat assuring ; but there was a hardness I in faer well- cut features, and a look almost ferocious in her eyes, overhung by bushy eyebrows, which impressed you very soon with;j .the; feelings almost of cruelty. She seldom smiled, and never laughed ; and her eye, with - -an expression of command and triumph, was constantly searching the looks and watching the movements of Lydia Main waring. It was impossible to see this girl without pitying her. She was very beautiful, but never appeared happy. Her eyes wore a startled look, like that of a deer on the alert— some times almost a look, of terror. It was easy to learn the secret. Lady Westerham never left her alone, never omitted some phrases that must cut liei to the heart. If she spoke to ! Jock Campbell or myself, she was bidden to MP— — mtm —ah— — airrn-i ifM i , . £ I, , ' "l1 " — .T — lej&yqftpe.; room. . If absent she was recalled j ahd eroSs questioned as to her doings For Jock -Campbell alone had Lady Westerham any affection. He was her nearest relation and berlieiri It Was principally on her in come that Lord Westerham managed to keep np Castle Creasy, his house over the Scotch border. Even Lady Westerham's hard nature yielded to jock's sunny presence. He seemed to have some dominating influence over her, which at times'reduced her to silence in the middle of a cutting remark to Lydia. To j him Lydia owed her few pleasures. When she went rarely to the theatre, it was with Jock and myself, under the chaperonage of Calvert M'Tavish. To myself, Lady Wester ham was very gracious. 4 1 am glad to know you, Mr. Masters,' she said, with a slight Scotch accent, 4 for we are doubly cousins ;' and iu Scotland more than elsewhere we hold the doctrine that blood is I thicker than water. I am Campbell and I Mainwaring, and nothing else. This girl is f a Mainwaring, and her mother was & Camp- | bell, and that's why she lives here, Mr. Masters.' 4 1 suppose she is a cousin also ?' I said, j shaking hands with the poor girl, and rather glad to claim relationship with her. J 4 Yes, in a kind of way. Lydia, you had better go through the accounts.' I Without a word Lydia left the room. I A year or two after my acquaintance with j the Westerhams my mother died, and I j became the heir to the title and such estate as . went witn it. cne maawg o; Jjora Westerham, I assumed the name of Main waring, and in the winter of the same year went with Jock Campbell to Castle Creasy. 4 Theo,' he said to me in the train, after smoking in silence, 4 1 want to take you into confidence.' . The' tone in which he spoke impressed me. It seemed as though some turning-point of my life was presenting' itself. 4 Well talk business,' he said. 4 1 have been thinking over matters, and I find that, barring my little sister in the country an Lady Westerham, I have no nearer relation than you. Now, I am not going to live long. My heart is shaky, and I know it ; and I i have no one to whom, as much as to your self, I can bequeath my confidences. My little sister is well provided for. She had exactly the same fortune as myself, and the accumulations will be considerable when she comes of age. I therefore intend dividing my own fortune into two parts — one I shall leave to her and one to you. I made sotoe gesture of deprecation. 'Don't interrupt me, and don't think I shall leave you your share absolutely. I hope not to die just yet ; but when I do you shall receive a letter making a charge on the money Heave you. This is what lawyers call a secret trnst. It is not legally binding ; but you, I know, will respect it. I do not even ask you to give me your word. You will know the letter to be genuine both from my handwriting and from two seals — this one I j wear on my finger, and another with the i initials 44 L.M." ' j The communication was so saddening that I could not find a word of reply. Probably my silence pleased him more than phrases. I hope so. V Castle Creasy is a very lonely place. The house is built in granite, with a moat round it, now dry and grown in grass. The ghost of Lydia Mainwaring haunts one portion of it — a long corridor,, with bachelors' rooms and ending in a billiard-room. The house was more gloomy than necessary, owing to its half-tenantless state. It was rare that any visitors were admitted to the house, partly from the want of ioeome, partly from the almost ascetic seclusion of its masters since the death of the two sons. One custom alone partly relieved the oppressive character of the residence. Gas — not long-introduced into country houses — was kept burning all night in different portions of the building. This was absolutely in case of any night alarm, and made up for the small number of the servants. J ock and I walked through the large, gloomy hall. 4 There is the heroine of the song,' he said. I looked up, and either in imagination or reality saw a striking likeness of the present Lydia Mainwaring. We went up an oaken staircase and passed a long gallery. Then we were received by the master and mistress of the house. . Lydia Mainwaring was with them, her eyes more startled and fear-stricken than before. ,The likeness to the picture again struck me. Lord Westerham received us in a kind but somewhat reserved manner. Lady Wester ham kissed Jock on the forehead. Then she tamed to me and said : ' I must bid you welcome, Mr. Mainwaring, though you will enjoy the inheritance of my j sons.' Lydia shook hands with us with a look as though she feared a blow. ' Perhaps you will go to your rooms to dress,' interposed Lady Westerham. ' They are in the bachelor's wing. Lydia, ring iht belL' ; i>ock seemea naii-mcimea to mane some joking observation, but the whole atmosphere was too chilling and oppressive, and we fol lowed the butler to our rooms. The corridor in which they were Bifcuated was entered by a flight of four or five steps. Over the entrance there was a dim gaslight. The same over the door of the billiard-room opposite. It contained twelve rooms, six on each side. These were furnished in the rough style with which bachelors used formerly to be treated. There was a bed very little better than a plou »hman's, with a dimity curtain, j Patches of carpet were placed here and there. The wash-hand-stand was of common painted deal, and the dressing-table was covered with an unbleached cloth, on which stood a small, plain looking- glass. The windows had shutters, but only two plain calico curtains and a battered tin bath stood in one corner. My servant will look after Mr. Main waring,' said Jock to the butler. . 4 Which room would you like, Theo ?' he continued- I mechanically took the first on the left, Jock took the next. 4 We must have a fire, Waters,' said J ock Campbell to the butler. _ My lady has said nothing about it,' an swered the latter. k . 1 1 Weil, Waters, I'll take the risk upon my- self, and paj you lle & ne .cessity.' , r; t .. Jock spoke half in jes|, but ' it was clear that the jest was half ni'e&rhest.;'' As our stay continued, it became nft easler. Hitherto I had never shot, and Jock' ihiUated me into the mysteries of the art , for which I had contracted a jpssitoi. . whyitimes thought he seemed to tire Intoself td please me by staying out as lpng as possible, and more than once he seehied worn out /on our return; but he was so/uhtelfisli 'thai he ap peared for my sake to be" as" greedy of the amusement as myself. One evening we were later than usual, and when we returned to dinner he was' deadly pale. Lydia looked at him with an anxiety I had never before seen, and her gaze of terror intensified. We never sat up very late, and that nighfc we were both tired. 4 Good-night, Theo, boy,' said Jock, cheer fully ; 4 sleep well, and God bless you.' I always had slept well, but at Castle Greasy I slept better than usual after all my exercise and out- of-door life. But I was restless. Perhaps I had over-strained my nerves or had drunk too much whiskey. _ I slept, but not soundly — that kind of sleep in which the senses are very- acute. It must have been about 1 o'clock when I started up in my bed I had distinctly heard the entrance door of the passage open. Then there were thuds aB though some heavy substance was falling from step to step. Then I heard a heavy sigh and a sweeping sound, as though the same heavy load was being dragged slowly along the passage till it stopped for a moment. 1 could resist my feelings no longer. Heaped up from my bed and opened the door, and I saw Lydia Mainwaring, scared and wan, the perspiration streaming down hex, .cheeks, dragging along the floor the dead body of Jock CampbelL He was dressed in his erening waistcoat and trousers, with a lighter smoking jacket I had often seen. His smoking cap had fallen off, and lay near the: steps. My eye caught Lydia's. She did not say a word, but lifting her hand with a meaning I never conceived a gesture could express, and gazing at me, with a look of terror and entreaty, I felt I knew her prayer, and returned, to my room. . . The dragging noise still continued, till it came opposite Jock's room I heard it in the room itself. Then there was a pause. Mean while I had not gone to bed again, but hastily putting on some clothes, I waited what was to nnmn Tn oVirtnf ft fif ati naur tttv own door opened, and Lydia beckoned to me silently. She said but a few words in a whisper so low that, except for the silence round, it would have been inaudible. 4 He died in my room,' she said. This was all. The next day Jock Campbell was found lying dead on his bed. Nothing in the room was disturbed. His cap lay near him. His clothes bore no trace of the ghastly journey. The authorities who investigated the matter reported that he 4 died by the visitation of God.' It was a true verdict, as the heart disease of which he h&a; ; spoken to mo had killed him. In the night before his funeral, at the hour of his death, I heard the door open once again. Again Lydia walked down the steps and again came to my room. Together we went and prayed by the side .of his coffin. 4 Cousin Theo,' she said to me, 'yap know that he loved you as we both loved him. I must never see you again if I can help it. Never seek me ; and if we meet let us do so as strangers. I ask you this favour on Ms coffin.' I pressed her hand and gave her the pro mise. Then she kissed the eoffin and glided noiselessly from the corridor. I did net see her again. The next night Lady Westerham sent for me. She said to me hardly ; 4 The grave has closed over Jock. He is <fnn> Mv sons are uone; Doubtless von will enjoy their inheritance. I do not leva you, but I arn iiot unjust.. Let us never meet again.' Next day I left then use. Calvert M'Tavish was Jock's executor, and his will was as he had announced it. But the letter never reached me. I was nearly twenty-one, and Calvert M'Tavish, my next friend, agreed to my travelling. I had always longed for adven ture, any my first journey was to the deserted cities of central America. At Gautemala I had heard of the death of Lord Westerham, followed shortly after by that of his wife. The latter had left toe her fortune, whieh was not very large, as her will expressed it 'out of pure justice.' It was charged with an annuity for Lydia Mainwaring. , I knew I was well off, hut nothing more. Out of Joek Campbell's legacy I had put by one-half re ligiously as a reserve against thesecret trust, which as yet had never been communicated to me. VI. I dined, as invited, the next day with Sir Esmer and Lady Egerton. There was but one gueBt beside myself. It wafi Jock Campbell's sister. She is now my wife. The day after our marriage Lady Egerton inclosed me a letter. It was the secret trust of Jock Campbell. It run thus : Duauest Theo. : This is my secret trust. XI Jjyuici juaiuuQinug io cvm iu waiiu VJL I money, give her half my legacy to you. Shel is the cue love of my life. If you die With- 1 out heirs, bequeath the sum I have left youl to my sister. It Is my; dying wish that youl should many her; Good-bye, dear youngl cousin. Your affectionate cousin, Jock.' — i Blackwood's Magazine. I 