AMUSEMENTS. At the Theatre Royal last night " La Fille du Tambour Major " was produced for the last time this season. Tho opera elicited a3 much applause as ever, and several members were encored, i'o conclude tho season, 'the management announce the reproduction ol " Madame Fnvnrt " for two nights only. On Friday night the production of that popular opera will be under tho distinguished patronage of His Excellency the Governor, Lady Loltns, and suite. On .Saturday night a new drama entitled " Eureka " will bo performed at this theatre. Tho work litis been especially written for Miss Maggie Moore, and to ensure its perfect re presentation, Mr. J, C. Williamson, under whose personal direction the piece is produced, has so- cured the services of the best avatlnblc actors and actresses, " II Trovatorc " is another opera in whiclt the members of the Montague-Turner Opera Company have heretofore appeared to great advantage. Last night Verdi's charming work was keenly enjoyed at the Sydney Opera House, and tho effect of the appreciation throughout had a marked influence upon the performers. The opera was finely produced, and evoked the heartiest plaudits. The last three nights of the season are announced, commencing this evening, when ' Maritana " will bo finally produced. " Lucrezia Borgia " is an nounced to be in active rehearsal, nnd will be produced on Friday and Saturday evenings. " Mother-in- law" and the " Corsican Brothers " still constitute the programme at the Gaiety Theatre. Last night both pieces were rendered most effectively. On Saturday night Mr. Dampicr will reappear in a character which he has almost made hiB own in the colonics, — " Belphegor, tho Mountebank." At tho Queen's Theatre, Mr. Walter Reynolds' now drama, " Ould Erin," hold3 its own well. It has proved so successful that it is not likely to bo taken off for some time yet. The "Ghosts" are still attractive at tho Victoria Hall. A benefit was tendered to Mr. Miller, the cele brated athlete, by a number of bis pupils, at the School of Arts, last night. A varied and interest ing programmo had been arranged, antl every item in it was loudly applauded. The performance included wrestling, fencing and dumb-bell, club and parallel, and horizontal bar exercises. Mr. Charles Hucnerbein announces a concert to take place at the Town Hall, Globe, this evening, in aid of tiie funds of the local rowing club. Among the contributors to the programme are Miss Alico Charbonnet, some lady amateurs, and Messrs. F. J, Hullewell, the well-known basso, II. R, Woods, and James ilinchv. A vocal and instrumental concert, under the auspices of the St, John's Temperance Lodge, No. 4, was held last evening at the Temperance Hall, l'itt-street. Tbo programme included a large num ber of songs and recitations, which were received by a fairly large audience. The chair was taken by Mr. J. Macintosh, and everything passed off pleasantly, ' At the Infirmary, yesterday, the following eases wore admitted, viz. : — Bruce Wallace, 17, labourer, of North Willoughby, severe injury to knee joint, caused with an axe while cutting some logs of wood ; John Adams, a sugar baker, of Bowman- street, Pyrmont, scalded feet and ankles, caused falling into somo of the boiling fiuid at tho Pyr mont Sugar Works ; Thomas Pierce, found in a yard of a house near Campbell-street with his eyes wounded, aud in an unconscious condition, but recovered shortly aftorwards. Other oases of a trivial nature were also dealt with Yesterday evening Constable Cox, of No. 2 division, found a man nnmod Thomas Morgan, of Macquarie-strcet South, suffering from an injury to his leg, caused by fulling on the kerbstone. Tho man refused to be taken to the infirmary, and was conveyed to his house in a cab. 