. .MONTHLY. GKAIN REPORT. Wheat.— This, market continues lightly supplied, and business has been chiefly con fined to tho local trade, prices, however, remaining steady throughout tho month. Reports from th«i various agricultural dis tricts continue favourable, heavv rains hav ing fallen over the whole of the colony, which will cause a fresh spring in tho crops, tho ]iro Hpuct of the earlier one3 being now considered guoil. Wo quote :— Prime milling, 5s Gd ; medium to good, 5s 3^d to 53 5id ; and inferior to medium, 5s to 5s 3d per bushel. Flour. — Heavy supplies have been placed upon tho market, and have been bought up by tho exporters. We quote good country brands at from £11 2s 6d to £11 5s, and town milled, £11 10s sterling per ton. Oats. — Since the date of our last circular a brisk demand has been experienced, without any alteration in prices. We quote :— Prime Milling, 33 (id ; prime stout feed, 3s 4d to 3s oil ; medium to good, 3s 3d to 3a 4d ; and inferior to medium, 3s to 3s 2d per bushel. . Barley. — Since* qur last monthly report a brisk demand a'.' advanced rates has pro vailed, and the to'ne'bas been firm throughout. All classes of barley hare met with keen competition, but the market hns boen un usually bare of prime lots. We quote : — Prime malting, 3s 8Jd to 3s 9d ; medium to good, 3s 6d to 3s 8d ; inferior to medium, 3» 4d to 3s 5|d : and feed sorts, from 3s 2d to 3s 3d per bushel. October 25. ? Horrible Cruelty by a Captain.— At theOriminal Court, Perth, W. A. recently, John O'Urady, oaptain of the sohoonnr Clarence Packet, was charged with the murder of a Chinaman — whom prisoner forced to ywk at the pump when sick, and who broke down — whereupon O'Grady pulled him about tho deck by his pigtail, kicking him in the groin and finally disabling him. the Chinaman lay on the deck struggling for a few minutes, and then diod. O'Grady then took him up and pitched him over board. The jury occupied all night con sidering their verdict, which was given as 'Manslaughter,' with a strong recommen dation to mercy. The judge imposed a sentence of twenty years' penal servitude.— ? 'Mxcluinge. Tub Last of the Polytechnic. — We (London Times August 26) are sorry to an nounce that this is the last week of the old Polytechnic Institution in Regent -streot the place where it was always professed that instruction and amusement went hand in hand, tho placo where the first rude efforts at photographio nrt were displayed 40 years ago by M. Daguerro, and whore the 'diving bell,' and Pepper's ghost have delighted tho childhood and boyhood of tho presont gonera tion. Tho Polytechnic was founded in 1838 for the. exhibition of novelties in the arts and practical scionoe, especially in agrioulture, manufactures, and otherbranchesof industry. The buildings wore enlarged in 1848. l'hey extended to a depth of more than 300 foet, Tho interior at present, with its central hall and larger and Bmallor theatres, is too well known both to Londoners and to ' country cousins ' to need any detailed des cription. We may state, howover, that tho floor of tho hall was origiually ocoupied by two canals, with a surfaoo of 700 feet of water, attached to which wore tho appurten ances of a dookyard, looks, water-whouls, steamboat models, &o;,, but those wero re moved iu ordor to admit of more of the products of terra flrma, gooiogical Btrata, agricultural implements, specimens of glass blowing, and other delicate operations, a3 well as to mnko room for lectures open to classes of young people of either sox. It is to bo closed after Saturday uoxt, tho share holders of the company having rosolvod to place tho concern in liquidation, aud tho institution and its various contents and pro perties wlil shortly bo placed under tho ham mer. ' Wf,ll girls,' said tho mother, ' you are big enough now to bo of some uso. It may make you mad to tell you of it, I am going to diBohargo tho washerwoman. ' Wring out wild belles I1 is to be tho motto of this house.' And visions of parboiled hands running scales on a washboard instead of a piano flitted before the minds of thoso sad daughton. , . 