The Revised Now Toatnmont. lv.oriiuu iiy du, moohiioi'hii. tim Sandhurst correspondent of the Melbourne Anous reports that the Right Rev. Dr. Moor- house, Bishop of Melbourne, delivered a lecture On "'The Doctrinal Effects of the New Version of the New Testament," on Wednesday evening, at St. Paul's schoolroom, Sandhurst, to an audience numheiing about Soo people. The lecturer was listened to with profound attention. The Rev. Canon M'Culloqh occupied the chair. Dr. Moorhouse remarked that he had not under taken the task at this particular lime to criticise the scholarship of those who had been entrusted wi'h ihe work nf revision — for, considering the company enuageil, no one could venture nn thai The title ol the lei lure should have been " The Drift or Tendency of the N'e'v Version," hut he wns nfiaid this lille might mislead some ol them, nnd thai ilrev might imagine he meant that there was a drift in ihe minds of the translators. This would be wrong as ihere was not the ghost of a drift. Me (Dr. Moorhouse) had taken some Utile pains with ibis new version. Some people picked nut lavorile passages, and condemned them Me had rend the whole of the new version, hut as lime would not permit, he would only select a few of the passages hy way of illusiraiion. In the filth chapter of Matthew, the sand verse, the words "hell fire" | were changed lo " hell ot fire." The translator appjnicd lo he a little timid nnd conservative but this was excusable when the nature ol the book they wete ingnged on was considered, ami the wonder was they were not more con- Bcrvntive. Me thought ihe word " hell " should not have been Kit in the version, but vYurt. \Yic r.TeeV word in the margin, " Gehenna," should have been used. The pass.-tee was sero- bolicil, nnd Christ was not talking of the visible realistic, but the symbolic realistic. Again, in the S4th chapter of Matthew, 51st verse, tire language which describes the future punishment was purely symbolical. The Apocalypse was also symbolical, In the 161I1 chapter of Reve lation, 7th verse, the words, "And I heard the altar saying," occur. The words " Another out of" were omitted in the oldest and most faithful manuscripts. Everyone, of course, must know that the altar did not sneak, and that passage also was symbolical. The word "eternal " was rendered " unto ihe ages," and it depended on the context whethei " unto the ages " meant for ever or an indefinite time. The word "eternal" was changed in Luke xi. 18. In the last verse of Jude the word "evermore" oc curred — the only place in the Testament — and there it meant all time. It was interesting to note that the word "everlasting" was always translated as " eternal " in the new version. Eternal related to jetas— age, the same as in the Greek translation. In Titus ii. 2 the word " eternal " showed the time was cyclical. God gave a certain system for a lime, and then this would pass away and give place to another pro gression. The word " damnation " was entirely excluded, and very properly so too. The mean ing of the word had become changed, and was made to mean everlasting condemnation, and had therefore been abolished. In Romans xiv. 23, it was rendered, " He that doubteth is con demned." In Corinthians, chapter x. 29th verse, where the passage relative to eating and drinking unworthily of the body and blood ol Christ occurs, the word " damnation " had been removed and "judgment" substituted. This was simply a temporal punishment ; there was only a slight reference to probation after death in the Testament, the parable of Dives and Lazarus being the only passage in which it was referred to in detail. In every catastrophe numbers must perish whose probation had not been completed. Did they believe that heathens and others like them completed their moral and spiritual probation when the accident of death completed their existence? It was impossible to believe it in the old fashion. They had to refer them to the covenant mercies of God. The roth verse of the 1st chapter of Ephesians was also greatly changed, and it now told them that Christ came into this world and took our flesh that he should so improve the minds ot all that they should reflect His beauti ful image, and sum up all things in Christ. In the 19th verse, 5th chapter of Romans, the article " the " was inserted, and the words " the many " meant the whole mass of humanity, which brought them to the conclusion that God's love was universal. In James ii., 14, the word " faith ' occurs. There was no doubt faith could save ; but a man having faith who hath no works also could not be saved, and this was borne out in the new translation. After some reference to 'he insertion of the word " the" in several places, the lecturer said that the new version accentuated wonderfully the value of the spiritual in religion. There was a great change "noticeable in John v., where the whole of the fouith verse which related to the angel of the Lord troubling the waters of a certain pool was omitted. _ This passage did not exist in the an cient version, and its omission was the welcome removal of a burden. He said this, not because he did not believe in the miraculous, for Jesus Christ was the greatest miracle, but this was a toiracle of a peculiar character. Several other expressions used in the old version had disap peared altogether. There were some who were in the habit of making much ol conversion in their preaching. There were only two passages in which this favourite word " conversion " now occurred — in the Acts and in James. The word really meant turning good to evil, or evil to good and it was now rendered " turned." Except ye turn ye shall in no wise enter the kingdom of heaven ; except ye turn and become truthfully independent, like little children, ye shall not find the kingdom of heaven. The turning from wilfulness to dependence was more perfect when it was done slowly and silently than when done suddenly and rapidly. The net result of the work was a drift or tendency to obliterate the sterner statements of the old version. The alterations were not made capriciously, nor had any effort been made to adapt the text either to the supposed historical necessities of the first century, or to the beliefs and speculations of the nineteenth century. If any change had been made in the text, it was made on the authority of more ancient and reliable manuscripts and versions, and compelled by the demands of a more accurate scholarship. The new version was a thoroughly honest one, and this being the case it was surely very interesting to observe that the drift of changes coincided with the drift . of modern thought. It proved, with all its faults that the drift of modern thought was healthy and truthful. In this ca6e it was to be hoped all men would be sincere, and scientists and theo logians by enlarging knowledge would lead to the increase of faith— a faith which is made all the more confident and assured quite as much by what it loses as hy what it gains, ("-oud and prolonged applause.) The lecture was listened to most 'attentively throughout, and the Bishop was accorded a vote of thanxs, which was moved by the Rev. Dr. Nish, seconded by the Rev. Mr. Carlisle, and carried by acclamation. 