THE BURIAL OF '"FORMER TOPES; I : ... ' The disturbances that occurred recently in 'Rome are (says the Toronto' Sentinel) no_ thing in comparison to the scandalous events that have,, beenwitnessed - at the'.: burial of: manytrtne predecessors .of . PiusN.IX., when-'- l Rome was ruled "by Papacy. Mr. T. A. Trol- lope, in his PapalXGonolav-'J Ithusfrefera'to 1 the burial of the infamous Alexander YD : — r '"After nightfall lie was « carried - to 'the - mortuary-chapel . by : six, porters arid two car-; penters, who clianced to be,rgambling to-i gether near at hand. And inasmuch!, as. /the!. coffin had been made toa short) they ipountled 'the corpse and stamped on' it with their feet to make it go into the coffin, having „first despoiled it '-'.of, tlic 'mitre /arid gfave-clotlies, and covered, itrinstead wi'tH- a -dirty -oidsbif; of \- green carpet." , The event is thus/referred to by Guiccardini " The .following, day, his: corpse was carried,, according to/tlie custom of the Popes/ririto the 'Church -OfSt'/ Peter/ It was. black, swollen, and disfigured, exlii- hiting--the most " manifest "sigh's of poison. The whole of Rome ran with incredible joy into St. Peter's to gaze- upon the dead body 'of Alexander. -They could not satisfy their eager desire to behold that serpent at last crushed who, . by his -boundless -ambition' and 1 desti-ucti ve'pe.rfidy; .by. _numb'erless examples of horrible cruelty and insatiable lust, by his unheard-of avarice, and indiscriminate ; sale of every object, sacred and profarie,-' had in fected the whole world." The 'Jesuit his torians, Labbe. and Cossart, in thoir Concilia Generali(%::> compiled froiri the writings of Cardinal Baronius, furnish- startling particulars of the deaths of other Popes. Of Pope For- mosus they rebate " that his successor Stephen ordered the body , of; Formosus to be dragged out of its tomb and placed, ou the Pontifical seat, clothed in the sacerdotal vestments; and then, having!, stripped, him of his robes, arid having out off throe of his fingers, he ordered the body to be cast into the Tiber." Of Ste phen IX. it is related " that he was elected by the Romans, the votes of the cardinals having been set' aside but that in return " he was deformed in the face by the tyrants whose hatred lie had incurred on account of his election.". :It. is ; commonly thought that his noso and his .ears were .cut off, which so- affected. hirri " that he shut himself up for three years and four months and died , miser ably." Of John XII. it is stated, that lie was ' murdered on account of his adulterous life. ' Of " John XIV. it is related that lie was "iiu- prisoned by.Bonifaco VII. in the Castle of St. -' Arigelo, where lie perished of hurisrer. and that Boniface publicly, exhibited his dead (hody ',to the people;"- These Jesuit writers, , Labbe and Cossart; and' other ' Romish his torians, describe the "infallible " Popes of : the tenth century as " monsters, heretics, . usurpers,' murderers, robbers/ tyrants, adul terers, and apostates.?' . The testimony of the Cardinals Baronius and Bcllarniine, and of the pious Father Paul Sarpi, is conclusive for their condemnation, s and it-may well be asked, were such Popes under the direction of the Holy Ghost, and was the Church, to follow the guidance of apostates, murderers, and robbers ? Does not our( Saviour say; that His sheep1 will' riot follow a5 roliber, hut fly froria' ' llim ? ' v.--;- . : - 