FROM EXILE. Paris, 3rd. Septemdeii, 1879. (A Mother speaks.) I An, dear God, whon will it'bo day t I cannot sleep, I onunot pray, Toufling, I watch tho silent Btars Mouilt up from tho horiz -n bars : Orion with liin flaming sword, Proud chiottiin of tho filorioitB horde j Anrisa up tho lofty aroli Pursuing still-bis stutely march — So patient aud so onlm nro thev. Ab, donr Godl when will it be day? — Oh Mary, motborl Hark 1 I hear A ooolt orow through tho silouoo olear I Tho dawn's faint crimson stroaks the oast, And, afar off, I catch tbo least Low murmur of tho city's stir As sho shakes off tho dreams of hor I List 1 there's a sound of hurrying foet Far down bolow mo in tho streot. Thank God I the woury night is past — The morning comos — 'tis day at laBt. Wako, Uosal iol Awako ; ariso 1 Tho sun is tip, it gildB tho skies. Sho desB not Btir, Tbo young sleop sound As dead men in thoir graves profound. Ho, Rosalie 1 At last ? Now haste I To-day thero is no timo to waBte. Bring mo freBh wator. Braid my hair. Hand mo tho glaes, Onoe I was fair As thou art. Now I look bo old It seems my doath-knoll should bo tollod. 111? No! (I want no wine.) SopaloP Like a whito ghost, so wan and frail ? Woll, that's not strango. All night I lay Waitine nnd watohitict lor tho dav. But — thore 1 I'll drink it; it may make My oheeks burn brigutur for his sako Who comos to-day.' My boy I my boy I How can I bear thB unwonted joy ? — I, who for oiglit long years havo wopt While happier mothers smiling slept; Whilo others deokod their sons first-born For dr.noe, osfvtc, or bridal morn ; Or prondly uunled to sco thom stand, The stateliest pillars ot the laud! — For ho, so gallnnt nud bo gay, As youug and debonair as thoy, My baautitnl, brave boy, my life, Wont down in the unequal strife 1 Tho right or wrong? Oh, what caro I ? Tho good God judgetn up on high. And now He gives him hack to me I I— tremble so— I scarce oiiu Bee. How full the stroots aro ! I will wait His coming bore beside this gate, From whioh I walolted him as he wont Eight years ago, to banishment. I will sit down. Sponk, Rosalio, when You eoe a band of stalwart mon, With ono fair boy among thom — ono With bright hair shining in the sun, Rod, smiling lips, and eager eyes, Bluo as tho blue of sutnmor skies. My boy 1 my boy ! Why come thoy not P Oh Son of God ! hast Thou forgot 'lhy Mother b agony r Yet she. Was she not stronger far than wo, We common mothers p Could sho know From her far heights such pain and woo ?— Run further down tho street, and sco If they're not coming, Rosalio. Mother of Christ 1 how lag the hours ! What P just beyond tho convent towers, And coming straight this way ? Oh heart, Be still and strong, and boar tby part, Thy now part bravely. Hark ! I hoar Abovo tho city's hum tho near, Slow tread of marching foot ; I seo — Nay, I can not seo, Rosalie — Your eyes are younger. Is he there, My Antoine, with his sunny hair ? It is like gold ; it shines .;u the sun j Surely you seo it ? What ? Not one— Not one bright bead ? Alt old, old men, Grey-haired, grey-bcarded, gaunt p Then — then He has not come — he is ill, or dead ! Oh God, that I wero iu tby Btead Ijj My son ! my son ! Who touches mo ? Your pardon, sir. I am not sho For whom you look. Go farthor on Ero yet the daylight shall be gone.* 'Mother!' Who calls mo ' mothor ?' You? You are not he — my Antoine. You Are a grey-bearded man, and he Is a mere boy. You mistake mo For somo ono Olse. I'm sorry, sir. God Mobs you 1 Soon you will find hor For whom you seek. But I — ah 1 I — Still must 1 call and none reply ? You — kiss me ? Antoine ? Oh, my son ! Thou art mine own, my banished one 1 — Harper' Monthly. Genius op One Sort ? Successful business people (sayo M. IC. D. In tho Ledger) aro lorn, nob taught. Their genius iB bb individual as that of a painter or a apulptor, 1 a poet or a musician. Give this kind of man five pounds to start with, and you will find ? him prosperous nnd comfortable in an incredibly short period of time, and that without having been dishonest or a miser. That money must be made by meanness or dishonesty is only a self-comforting fallacy which people who h-we not the power of its turn, like to take to their hearts. Wh«n you have been cheated, It is ten to one that it was by somo unlucky person who would probably have been more honest had he been richor. Oh, yes, it is actual genius— this power of making a shilling double Itself, whon in the hands of most men it would diminish like the 'jolly sixpence' of the old drinking song. How many people have been ' set up In businesa' by their friends and failed; while one poor young woman rose penniless from her pillow one morning, took the last of her flour and Bugar and made a batch of little ' sweet cakeB before the ohildren, who were to be her customers, were ready for school, and so laid the foundation for one of the largest confectionery manufactories in the world. And a poor little follow, who had not .the use of his limbs, beginning with a tew papers, gradually built up a great publiahlng house. I do not tell these aneodotes becaUBB I believe that everybody cau make money who tries to do so. Eoouomy and hard work will not do it, although they will do muoh. It is the power of seizing upon chances as they come; of calculating results; of refraining from dangerous speculations and entering into advantageous ones ; it is in being neither over bold nor cowardly. In fact, it is some thing nobody cm learn, any more than he oould learn to compose Bsethoven's muslo, or paint Correggio's pictures, or write Shakspeare's plays. Some good men have the power, and ao have some bad men, some refined persons, some coarse persons. And assuredly those who have It should rejoice j and let those who have It not retrain from sneering at it. I new do. A wiuiEB on celestial chemistry, in the latest number of the Edinburgh Review, discusses Mr. Norman Lookyer's theory of tbe'evolu tion of the stare based upon the classification' of their colours proposed by the ' Roman astronomer, SbccM, just before his death! nearly three yoars ago. By means of the Bpeotroscope, Secohi separated the stars Into four classes; First, those shining with a white or bluish light ; second, yellow stars; third, stars of a reddish tint, with a peculiar columnar spectrum ; and fourth, blood-red ?tars. Mr. Lookyer thinks that these olaases represent shcoesslve steps of progress in. stellar existence from vigour to decay, the whitest and brightest stars being presumably the hotteBt and the youngest, ' while ' the reddest are the ooolest and the oldest. T'is theory is criticised on many grounds, and reference is made to the ohange of colour In Sirlus, the dog-star, as disposing of the view that a rosy tint Indioates stellar dooadenoe. It that view were oorreot, Sirlus ought now to bo ruddier than in ancient times ; whereas' there is clear historical evidence that this star, whioh'- is now brilliantly white, was redder than the planet Mara only. two-, thousand yeiun ago. 