LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE NEW CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of tiie new Congregational Church in Dawson street was performed yesterday. The weather was most unfavorable, heavy showers falling from time to time, but tbe attendance nevertheless must have reached fully 500. The site of the new building is immediately north of the present church, which will be used in future as a Sunday school. The proceedings were commenced by the assembled people singing a very appropriate hymn, given out by the -fiev. J. G. Perrin, "This stone to Thee in faith we by." Hie Rev. W. Henderson then offered op a prayer, alter wbich Mr Bodycqmlbe, one of the chnrcJt deacons, presented to the Rev. J. Walker a very handsome sQvier trowel, a gift of Messrs Kilpatrick and Co., jewellers, of Melbourne. A glass jar coutaini&g; copies of the local papers and some corns, having been placed under the stone, it was lowered into position, and the Rev. J. Walker, with the customary formula, declared it to be well and truly laid. In a short address be expressed a hope that the building, wbich had been commenced under such favorable auspices, would be carried out without accident, and that it would be profitable alike to the contractors and congregation. The reverend speaker ive an account of the work f performed nring the eight years of BIB incumbency. The congregation had been increasing, and he believed and trusted that all matters in connection with the chnrcb would go on favorably. It was intended to . give an account of the history of the church, but owing to the bleakness of the weather this was postponed until the meeting in tiie evening, as was also the Rev. J. J. Halley's address on "Congregationalism.' A collection was taken up in aid of the new church fund, in aid of which the Sunday school children bad been collecting. The total- amount was £51 4s 3d. After a hymn and prayer the proceedings closed with a benediction. At six o'clock tea was laid in the church, and about 450 people partook of it, the' following ladies presiding at the tables:—Misses Page, Evans, Smith, and Crouch; Mesdames Bodycombe, Hambley, Birtchnell, Copeland, Wilson, Walsh, Punshon, Malyon, Dixon, Crouch, Raves, Thomas, and Smith. After tea a public meeting was held in St. Andrew's Kirk, which had been lent for the occasion. Mr W. H. Figgis presided and delivered an excellent address. Mr Birtchnell then read the . following history of the church in Victoria, embodying particulars of titie new building, expenditure, &c.;:— "Thechurch of Christ of the Independent or Congregational faith and form of worship assembling in Dawson street, Ballarat, in the colony of Victoria, is nearly twenty-five years old. Services in connection with this .denomination were first held in the old Temperance Hall, Bakery Hill, Ballarat East, in December, 1855, and on the 31st October, 1856, a service was conducted in that building by the Bev. Alex. Morrison, of Melbourne, when .fifteen Christian friends, •pledging themselves, in reliance on th Spirit s grace, to walk together as members of the same redeemed household, and to watch over each other in the Lord with all tenderness and fidelity,' gave to each other the right hand of fellowship, and so became a Christian church. On the following Sabbath the first communion service was held, presided over by Mr Morrison. Public ordinances were conducted in the Temperance Hall nntil the end of May, 1857. On the 7th of June of the same year the first Congregational chapel, erected at a cost of -about £110, and to seat nearly 200 persons, was opened in Sturt street. Three only of the members of that time, Messrs Smith, Vickeiy, and Birtchnell, remain unto this present day. The Bev. John Martin Strongman preached first in the Temperance Hall on Lord's day, 8 th March, 1857. He was subsequently elected the first pastor of the church, and after laboring for twelve months,' resigned in Jane 1S5S. The Bev. William A. Lind accepted the call : of the church in September of the same year, and seceded from the body to join the Presbyterian Church in February, I860, having occupied the pastorate for eighteen months. In October, I860, the Bev. Alexander Gosman, just then arrived from Scotland, became the pastor of the church. Duder Mr Gosman s ministry the church progressed until in August, 1861, it was found necessary to provide more suitable accommodation. The church properly in Start street was sold to Mr Charles .Boyd, printer, for the sum of £850, and the church migrated to the Mechanics' Hall, where service was conducted for six months. Meanwhile the church purchased the site on which the adjoining building stands and the present structure is being erected, for the sum of £425, and on Friday, 21st March, 1862, the new building, costing between £600 and £700, was opened by dedicatoiy prayer, the services being continued the following Lord's days, 23rd and 30th of the same month, and conducted by the Revs. J. P. Sunderland (Congregational), —Baston (Wesleyan), Wm. Henderson (Presbyterian), and the pastor. After a ministry extending a little over three years, MrGosman resigned the charge and accepted a call to the Congregational Church of St. Kilda. In March, 1864, the Bev. J. J. Halley, then of the church at Maryborough was chosen to succeed Mr Gosman, and was publicly recognised as pastor at a service conducted by the Bev. Alex. Frazer, of Melbourne, on the 25th April of the same year. Mr Halley's term of office lasted dose upon eight years, and he retired from his charge in the month of February, 1872, when Ballarat lost one of its most active and prominent citizens, and the church an esteemed and respected guide. The Bev. Joseph Walker, formerly a minister of the United Methodist Free Church, having separated from that body, was unanimously called to the pastorate of this church, and entered on his duties Lord's Day, 6th April, 1873. During'Mr Walker's ministry tile roll of the communicants has steadily increased, and now numbers 140. A growing congregation having called for enlarged premises, the present structure has been [commenced, and with grateful hearts we lay this foundation-stone to-day to the praise and for the service of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The first church or chapel was erected at a cost of £110; the second, including the land, involved an outlay of £1100; whilst the cost of.this, the first portion of the building, mil amount to nearly £3,400, and it is expected the church will be opened for divine service in February or March 1882. The following contracts have already been accepted, viz.:—For brick and stone wort— Messrs Llewellyn and Edwards, £1092;' carpenter and joiners' works—Messrs Taylor and Ellis, £775; plasterer's works, Mr W.. Badley, £419 2s 9d; plumbers and slater's works—Messis Monsborough and Henry, £382 13s; painters and glazier's work, Mr T. Lyons, £192 8s. Two cottages at the rear, in Mair street, with the land on which -they stand, have also been purchased by the church at a cost of £375. The present pastor of the' chnrch is the Rev. Joseph Walker. The deacons are—Thomas Bodycou}b, Ware Copeland, William Harold: Figgis, John Crocombe Raves, James Davenport Peady; and the following are th trustees of the church property—'Thomas Bodycomb, Samuel La wren co Dritchnell, Ware Copeland, David O'Donnell, James Davenport Peady, John Crocombe Raves, Alexander Smith, aqd James Stanley Vickery. Ballarat, 24th May, 1SS1." The following description of the church, as supplied by Mr Casclli, the architect, was also read:—"The Congregational Church building, the foundation-stone of which is laid this day, May the 24th, aiwo Domini, 1881, will consist of a nave, vestibule, two loggias, galleiy, and spire. The open liwfof the nave, or main body of the church, will be supported, in addition to the walls, upon four cast-iron columns; the seating disposed in the amphitheatrical form; the lighting by means of two-large sunlights; and the ventilation on the combined principles of Messrs Tobin for snpply, and Boyle for exhaust. Along tiie eastern front, and facing the pulpit, there will be a gallery, chiefly for the use of children. This will be placed over the approaches, an entrance from which will be obtained by an easy stairs. The approaches will consist of a central open vestibule, several .steps abovf the line of footpaths fronting to Dawson street, flanked on either side by commodious loggias communicating directly with' the church. Over the right hand, or northern loggia, and form- the main angle of the structure, as well -ing as the corner of Dawson and Mair streets, will be' the spire, the height of which from the top of the vane to the footpath will be 110 feet. Of the two principal facades,'the front with . the entrances will faca" Dawson street, and will comprise two gables of nnequal dimenmonB, and thespire, —^— : — 1 gable of which will fee pierced by a ~hi^ ornamental arcuIar' nTnoow centrally oyer the-three arches of vestibule.; 7hatfecad4 facing Mair street will eventually, upoil the completion of the design, consist "of tirce uniform, gables—two only of which will at present be erected'—Bud tie spice. These i rabies- will each be pierced % an early SngHsh punted Gothic window,, while in the lower portion of the wall rader each jable, there will be three single light, Gothic leaded windows, divided from the upper windows, by an ornamental string course, which will be returned round- both fronts. The baek or west wall wEB be of a temporary character, to enable the church to enlarge ami complete the design by titt addition, of zmotiier bay, organ loft, &.C., -without inconvenience. The walls of the building will be brick oh blues tone foundations, and 'concrete footings, with cement dressings, the rmofaof slate and copper, the interior walls will be plastered, the roof lined with deal, the seating will be of kaurie pine^ and the windows will be glazed witii stained margins. The prevailing style of the architecture is gothic of the mediaeval period being modifications of examples of Belgian church architecture.—H. R. CASELU, architect.-" —The Revs. J. W. Inglis and W. Henderson then addressed the meeting, after which the Rev. J, J. Halley delivered a most interesting and practical address on Congregationalism, which was listened to with deep attention throughout. The Bev. E. Turner gave the concluding address, and votes of thanks were tben passed on the motions of Messrs Copeland, Birtchnell, and the Bev. Mr Clark to the minister, congregation, and choir of St. Andrew's Kirk, the latter having given their services, MISB Figgis presiding at the organ. The collection token up at the meeting amounted to £10 6s 3d. The singing of the National Anthem then terminated a most successful and pleasant meeting. 