SS3USLi3a3Sff CHAPTER XIX -CONTINUED. THEY went out on to the terrace, and, after one or two (urns up aud down, Elletj Bind, " Now this will never do, I was quite for getting the object of my bringing you out here. Next time we come to that end, we will go down the stepB and down the avenue. You have never seen it yet, and you have no notion bow pretty it is." " Never seen it yet? What a forgetful little puss you are ! Don't you recollect .that I drove up it on the night of our first meet ing ?" he said, " You did nothing of the kind, sir! Not that you could liuve seen its beauties out of the window of that liorriblo old poBt-chaise, if you bad looked ; but that was the north avenue ; this is south ; and when we get to the end of it, I will give you a treat. I will show you the prettiest lodge in England, with the pretttest lodge garden, and the prettiest lodge keeper, Mrs. J3radstock.' Frank Scorrier stopped suddenly in bis walk, and leaned somewhat heavily against the balustrade. "Frank, is unything tho matter t asked Ellen anxiously. " Nothing dearest, nothing," he replied, after a few moments' pause. " I em scarcely strong yet, aud the slightest excess of exer tion has a bud effect upon me. I am afraid," he added, with a feeble smile,-" I am Bfraid that your notable experiment must not be tried to-day. I am certain I slmll not be able to get so far as the south lodge, even with tho temptations which you offer me." "Of course," said Ellen, "I only spoke in jest, forgetting how weak you w<re, and not for an instant intending to force you to any exertion which might cause you pain.' A certain oddness camo over her manner, which Frank did not fail to notice. The girl had always found- it impossible to school tho expressions of her face, or even the tonos of her voice. Looking at one, aud listening to tho other, Frank know in an instant that a sudden change had come over her. _ It was so. The fact that, for the second time, her lover had betrayed physical weak ness and suffering, at the mention of Mrs. Bradstock's nume, hud oreated a suspicion in her mind. But even while he was deli berating within himself whether he should ask her what had caused tho change, the cloud vanished from Ellon's brow, and she eaid, in her accustomed oheerly tone,- , " When shall I ever,learn wisdom ? How I wonderfully inconsiderate of mo to talk to you of Mis. Biadsiock ! Why, you know , her, Frank, of course ; and as you know her | ?under painful circumstances, " naturally enough you don't bare to nee her, and dislike any reference being mado to her." Frank looked at her, astounded. When, after a short pause ho found words, he said, in a broken voice, " Yes, I know her, of course ; and, as you say, under painful circumstances ; but X had no idea that those circumstances were known to you. Where did you learn them ?" Whore ? Why, from herself !" " From herself ?" he gaBped. " Yes, Frank ; from horself, dearest one ! Don't be so angry. She told me, without, of course, intending to do any harm, about your falling into tho company of those dread- | ful gambling men on board the ship-the diggers, I moan; and about their gradually getting hold of you, and entangling you^ in . their toils ; and about your finally deciding to go away with tbom when you left the ship. She told me oil this before wo heard it from you, but she meant no harm-I am sure she meant no harm." " Ah, yes, of course-no, of course not ! eaid Frank, with a sigh of relief. " Ah, no ? eha meant no harm ! She is a good woman, I believe, Mrs. Bradstock ; but X would rather not soe her for the present. I will go down to tho south lodge when I am a little stronger, and renew my acquaintance with her " . ?? " She is a very nice woman, ana a pretty woman, and a good woman, too, I believe ; but I wish I ha'd not mentioned her name," eaid Ellen. , «Why|?" asked Frank, who seemed per fectly to havo* regained his wonted compo sure. " Booause it seems entirely to have defeated the object I had in view." I '' And that was " I "To talk to you about yourself. Do you know, I cannot help thinking that you are not well, Frank ? I lrnow that you are even j now only just reoovering from the fatigue and privations which you went through out there. Don't think, my own darling, that I malce little of those from their result; but I fear there is something worse, even, thau that result." "What do you fear, and what makes you fear?" asked, hor lover, pnsBing her arm through his, and tenderly holding her pas sive hand. ' " What I fear you are Buffering from, Frank, is rathor a mental than a bodily ill ness. l oan scarcely explniu rpyself; but X think, perhaps, that the active life whioh you have recently led, the scenes ot turmoil and excitement, through which you have passed, have unfitted you for the quiescent state into whioh you have dropped, perhaps, too suddenly," . 1 "My child, had that exciiementcontinued -had what you call a quiesoent state not intervened, I should have died," " Perhaps so-perhaps so ; but the oourse of medicine may be too long persisted in. I judge only from the effect. You kuow, or perhaps you don't know, that I watch every chango in your face, and, so far as I dan, ovory turn of your lioart. When not joining, in -conversation, you are constantly moody and thoughtful ; and even when talking with mo, I have frequently found your mind pre occupied, and your speech, wandering. It used, not to bo so, Frank; why is it so now?" They had turned the corner of the terraoe, and stood hidden from sight in an angle at the lower wall. As Ellon spoke these words in low and ' trembling tones, and with infinite eaines' ness, her eyes upturned towards hor lover's '.face/she looked so pleadingly beautiful, that Frank could not rostrain the itnpulae to wind his arms around her waist, and press hor to ?his heart. ... " Not from any lack of love to you, my own dnrliog," he auid, fondly ; " not from ithe slightest diminution of tbe odorHlion in whioh I hold you? not from the falling of the smallest shadow between you and mo I die cried,..passionately.1'"That deelaratiun .ought to satisfy you, for it is os truo as the ,beavens above uio bright and cltMir; but the ' .fact' is, that 'I >»-. now-a- doys necessarily, s more grave and more occupied than I was ifi former times. Then I was a mere pen niless adventurer, with the world before mo; now," h&added;, with a smile, "I am a man of means, and have to think how those nieaus should best be invested and employed. Seriously, this is all, child; there ie no other reason fur the change which you notico." " I am ghid to think so, Frank," sai Ellen, nestling in his caress, "I shall bft more glad when you tiro so uceustomod to the burden of your lor;uno as to bear it more lightly.', "That will bo very soon, Ellon, I hopp," said Frank. "I shall h«ve to go to Lundon in a low days, to make arrangements with the agonis ot iny A-untialiau brokers. Thoso arrangements will he final, and then we shall only have to receive and spend our divi dends." "You. will not bo long, Fraulc ?'* she asked, eagerly. "I toll you, before I leave, I shall stipu late with your uncle that tue day of our marriage is fixed witliiu one week of the date of my return. You may answer yourself that question, and you need no fuither assurance from me." Once more ho embraced her tpnder'y, and they turned towards tlie house. The noxfc morning, after Mis. Bradstosk had opem d the gate for her young l«dy, who passed through on horseback for a gallop over the downs, attended only by her groom, she returned to the lodge, and, sitting down before the firo, fell into a train of thought. This train of thought oommenoed from the past, exionding into the present, and was gradually busying itself with the future, when the flitting of a shadow acroBB her raom caused her to look up. " Some stranger," she thought, and rose to receiove him. Then she fell back in her ohair, crying, " Heaven preserve us !-a ghost !" A man stood in the doorway, with his hand raised in an attitude of warning. It was Frank Scorrier. ( To he continued.J 