Knlli KiillPtiiis. (By Boli.ii/I.ian.) Whon aro moro tenders to bo callorl for work on the Coal-Cliff rond 1 Thero are moro strangers coming to tondor for thoso works, and if not lot previously, will thoy bo advertised? Glorious I Can it bo truo that tenders havo boen invited and accepted for fencing tho Biilh Boulevard? It is a four week's' work, but must bo clone in threo months. Pity, this ; for it will thon bo too lato for tho tree-planting until next year. Wo have not heard of any moro goods in tho market, ox Qneon of Nations, ot lato— not oven a case. It is roported that iho big fiddlo player, Welholmj, now in Sydney, is coming down hero shortly to give us a tuno. It is hopod ho will bring his English fiddlo, so that wo can understand it proporly. Another policeman gone from hore again. It seems that body of peacemakers aro groatly knockod about since tho wreck and the small-pox. It is to be hoped they tvill soon bo settled, but not in quarantine. A touch of earthqnako was felt horo last Friday night, about 11 o'clock. Tho shock was found v«ry severe in the Company's brick paddock. What is the matter with the Bulli Progress Committee 1 Nothing, it' is to bo hoped ; but their time pieces don't appear to correspond. Wo can boast of having a Snltan in our midst, but he can't boast of a harem. Aldermaiiiac symptoms have manifested them selves among tho squatters hero of late, but thoy don't appear to bo infectious. Can't understand why Bnlli wants aro not atte'ndod to by Governmont like thoso of any othor part of tho country. It can't bo through any lack of loyalty on our part. Wo must invite somo Princes down horo to a picnic, and thereby get a lot of swells to como and see how many public wants we have that aro not attended to. Wo could show them the Kin inn Ghost, the Dapto Gorilla, and tho Majoslic Garden. It is whispered about hero that when tho now Licensing Bill becomes law, tho publicans aro to be compelled to wear uniform during open h'tirs. It is to bo hoped it will not be the police bluo. Our flying sang is w(e)arins away fast, few more than the boss being left, and ho is w(e)aring too. Tho intended elopement is postponed for a timo, pending a decision as So the suiest route to take. It is not true that tl»e Mastodon troupe took £90 away from Bulli. They didn't wait for it. Plenty room for a good barber here now. A good many ' regular shavers'* havo boen bowled out. As tho Government don't appoorinclinod to eivo us a cemetery to bury our dead, it is to be hopod they don't intend to burn us in a camp oven. Some of us don't believe in cremation'. Whilo Dr. Caffyn's message from tho small-pnx station to the Wollongong Hospital Cimmitteo was passing through horo, we all troinb'ecf for fear the wire would break and fizz the small-pox amongst us. The danger being over now, wo breathe easier. 