An Editor's Reasons. THE pioneer editors of Michigan were a frank and truthful lot of men, as can be proved by an incident called to mind the other day in connection with the name of Mark Williams, who gave up this life for a better one not long ago. mars had a paper in Clinton County. It was a wee little sheet with a hundred subscriber*, printed the handiest way, and the office was so poorly supplied that several different fonts of type had to be uaed to set up the reading matter. One day the paper came out with a fierce attack on a State official at Lansing. He was celled a robber, liar, thief, and various other epithet*, andl no pains was spared to skin him and hang his hide on the fence. About a week from that date Mark sat smoking beech leaves and tobacco mixed in equalpart*, when a stranger entered. He was a big broad shouldered man, with awful fists and a wicked eye. and he got down to business) by asking : "Are you Mark Williams r " Well, y-e-s, I suppose so," was the hesitating reply. " And you run this paper V " Well, kinder run it, I suppose." "VerywelL lam Mr. ,of Lansing, the man whom you abused so savagely in jour columns last week I" "No!" « Yes, I am, and I propose to give you the worst mauling a Western slanderer ever received r " Say, an you really Mr. f asked Ha*. "I am, of course I am, and while I am taking off my coat you may give me your reasone for publishing that slanderous artiole." «I had two reasons, afar." M What are they r « Well, in the first place, I thought you were a little runt of a man, about 4ft high and about dead with the asthma, and in the next place I thought the roads were so infernal bad yon could never get over here !" .... The straightforward confession should have saved Mark, but it didn't. The visitor made a dive for him, took out a handful of hair, and when the editor jumped through the only window in his office he was followed and chased into an old slashing, where he had to remain hidden until midnight. That incident shaped bis future policy, as he one day explainedl: " The editorial pen is an all- fired Wg lever, but I have made it a rule for the hurt thirty years not to abuse a man unless I think I can lick him in a rough and tumble fight around the editorial room."— Detroit Fru Pnu. Josh Billings on Ghosts.—A ghost is about sft 7in. in height, and weighs from 4o& to 60s. They are of the maskuline and feminine natur, but principally natur. They ain't afraid ov nothing, and will hang around a graveyard as kareless ai a skoolboy will around a norchard in green-appls time. They are like a grate menny other things in this world—often heard ov, but seldom seen. I will give $1500 to see a ghost, and $260 more to own one; but I want one kaught whole and not hurt Mi friend, Phineas T. Barnum, will take a whole drove ov them at the same price per ghost, and not quarrel about the gender. Therefore, bring your ghosts. Ghosts silwus dress in a white nite-gown sort of rig, and are the quickest that have ever bean trotted oat yet Their ordinary gait is a mile hi a seknnd, but it is sed, lor a purse, they can beat this handy. I would really like to see one go in publik for munny—private time is allwus sus pishus. Whi don't some of our agricultural hoss-tro assosiashuns offer a ghost puss, free for all ghosts ? It would draw like a mustard-plaster in the month of August Pelting Chubch Slikpebs.—Near Dumfries lived a pious family who had adopted an orphan who was regarded as halfwitted. He had im bibed strict views on religious matters, however, and onoe asked his adopted mother if she did not think it wrong for the people to come to church and fall asleep, paying no better regard to the service. She replied she did. Accordingly, be fore going to church the next Sunday tefiUed his pockets with apples. One bald-headed old man, who invariably went to sleep during the sermon, particularly attracted his attention. Seeing him at last nodding and gmng nasal evidence of being in the "landof dreams, he struck the astounded sleeper a blow with an apple on the top of his bald pate. The minister and aroused congregation at onoe turned round and indignantly gaaed at the boy, who merely said to the preacher, as he took another apple in his hand, with a sober honest expression of countenance, " You preach ; I'll keep 'm awake. Masieb: "What does Condilac say about brutes in the scale of being?" Scholar: He says a brute is an imperfeot animaL Master : " And what is maitf" Scholar: " Man is a par. feet brute." 