^Imminent fogig. BEOULAE INTOLERANCE, NONE cry out so loud against what they are pleased to call religious intolerance, as selves most intolerant. Secular, not religious intolerance, is the great enemy of our time against which all men who love justice and prize freedom have to battle. The secular intolerants have set up for themselves a standard of right and wrong in religous affairs, with which they have no concern, and everything in religion thatis not right, judged by that standard, is wrong in their view of the case. Religion should yield to them in all things, and if it would only do so, then there would be peace between the world and itself. The secular intolerants say that the spirit of the age demands this, and till religion, or the Church, makes that concession, its existence cannot be free, nor even tolerated. So long as the Church, asserting its rights and freedom, does not came into collision with the views of the secular intolerants no notice is taken of it, but the moment it dares to do or to leave undone anything of which these intol- erants disapprove, then they howl in chorus, because their arbitrary views on the subject are not respected. We have frequent examples of this, and the latest is the irrational outcry that has been raised against the Catholic authorities in Sydney because no priest was allowed to officiate at the grave of the late Mr. Michael Fitzpatrick, M.L.A. If Mr. Fitzpatrick had been a humble, obscure individual, who had never raised his voice in public in support of godless sohools, and in opposition to the teachin? of the Church of which he had professed to be a member, we should not have heard of these denunciations. Had he been some unfortunate, poor Oatholic who died in a charitable institution, these howling intolerants would not care a pin whether he received Christian burial or not. The outcry in this case is attributable solely and entirely to the fact that the late Mr. Fitzpatrick slighted and deserted his bishop, contemned the authority of the Church, and supported a system of education which she condemns, and which aims at her destruction. For no other reason are the intolerants indignant that the Church did not pay to his memory that respect which he openly and defiantly refused to pay to her before his death. From one point of view, and that alonn in which the secular intolerants regard the question, the Church is a voluntary association of people. They voluntarily come under Its rules and its government. They do this with a clear understanding that so long only as they conform to these can they be considered members of the organisation, or are they entitled to the privileges of membership. Mr. Fitzpatrick knew very well what the teaching of the Church on the Education Question is; he knew what he would lose by opposing the Church on the question; and if the Church consistently upholds its authority and respects its laws after Mr. Fitzpatrick's death, bis friends have no cause, and Its intolerant enemies have not the slightest excuse, for their intemperate denunciations. If Mr. Fitzpatrick as a member of any other society, slighted its authority before his death and leagued with its enemies, that society could not be expeoted to pay any marks of respect to his memory, and not a word would be said against it for not doing so. And why should the Catholic Church be expected to act differently? Above all, why Bhould those who hate and disparage the Church play the part of hypocrites by pretending to think that the deceased gentleman's friends, or his own memory, are injured by the refusal of the Church to perform funeral rites at his grave. In the exercise of his free will he slighted the authority of the Church, and if that venerable institution, in its own vindication, and as d warning to others of her wayward children, denied him privileges which he had voluntarily iorfeited, she only acted in oonformity with an established and well-known rule. There may have been other reasons, such as a non-compliance with the commandments of the Church, which left the Oatholic authorities no alternative but to act as they did. But upon these points we have no information, and are therefore silent. IF the journals of the sects FICTIONS would adhere strictly to Am) truth in their treatment of FACTS. Catholic subjects, these could be discussed with oderatioiiMbd courtesy, and that would e an advantage to all parties concerned. t would, we confess, be a great advan- tage to us, as our imaginative faoulty has not been very highly cultivated or much employed ; and the editors of the Protestantdenominational j ournals would not suffer in reputation if they imposed some restraint upon their exeroise of that faoulty. It would be hard to conquer habit that has become in their case a second nature, but in the interest of troth the effort Bhould be made. We have been induced to offer this friendly advice by the appearance of another paragraph in the Southern Grots referring to the case of the unfortunate Canon Campello. As a rejoinder to our remarks on the subject, it is said:— No convert ever broke loose from Borne without being pursued by a hail of slanders from the Church he left. Canon Campbello is no exception to this rule. The Romish Advocate publishes a list of the ex- Canon's orimes, and they range from the practice of wearing false mustachios, and of reading Dollinger's works, and like " abominable excesses," to horrible immoralities. He was, it seems, "a scabby sheep," and "his leaving the flook makes it stronger and healthier." This may be so, but, at least, bad as the ex-Canon may be, he was good enough to fill a very distinguished post in the Romish Ohurch till he chose voluntarily to leave it. Would the Advocate have us believe that eminent Romish dignitaries practise " abominable excesses" and are of " depraved habits," and that this does not disqualify them for high offioe in the Churoh of the Pope, but only for becoming Protestants? The imagination plays the chief part in this paragraph. The very first statement is an untruth, several persons having broken loose from Rome—meaning the Churoh of Christ—without being pursued by a hail of slanders. For instance, neither Hyacinth nor a much greater than he, Dolllnger, was ao pursued. At the time of their defection not a word was said against their moral character. The fall in their case, and that of a few others of the same class, waa from spiritual pride. We did not publish a list of the Canon's crimes. We did not impute crime to him in any sense, and most certainly we did not charge him with "abominable excesses" or " horrible immoralities"; nor did we describe him as " a scabby sheep." As a fact we said nothing that is imputed to us. We merely re-printed what a radical Italian journal said of the man, and added a few moderate comments based upon that information. However, we Infer that the Southern Grots accepts the testimony of the Radical journal, and we must say that, in doing so, our Melbourne contemporary displays some good sense, for the witness in this case is one who would be much better pleased that he could bear favourable testimony to the character of the individual arraigned. The Southern Gross was under the impression that a fine, sweet fish had been caught; upon closer examination, the fish was found to be neither healthy nor sweet, and, accordingly, our contemporary ceases its Bong of triumph, and, giving vent to Us spleen at its disappointment, turns upon us angrily as the enemy who had opened its eyes to a fond delusion. Our answer to its concluding remarks is that Canon Campello had not celebrated Mass for several years, that he was in disgrace with his superiors, and that the only reason he was not deprived of his income—8000 lire or £320 a year—and deposed from his office was that he was constantly promising amendment, and that those over him were hoping that it would be found poBBible to recall him to a sense of duty without publioly subjecting him to ecclesiasticaldegradation. There isone other correction which we may as well add to our list, and it is that he is no count, his brother being the member of the family who bears that title. The Southern Gross audits friends are welcome to him at his real value; we shall not again disturb them in their possession of Buch a prize. THE only party with THE HUNGER which Mr. Patterson FOB and his friends could OFFICE FEVER, profitably ally themselves—that on whose standard vote victie is inscribed — Is powerlessly weak, and this vexeth the soul of that honest and Ingenuous politician. To hungry men who thus lust after things beyond their reaoh, the time they have been shut out from office emol uments, perquisites, and patronage seems interminable, and is unendurable. And, worse still, there is no prospeot that in the ordinary couue of political events, or by ordinary contrivances, that which is an evil to them, and consequently a blessing to the community, oan be changed. They must remain out, hopeless of an innings, if they do not dare something extraordinary, however outrageously discreditable it may be. This is their only hope, their only resonrce, and, accordingly, they propose to get up a Protestant ory—that is, to gather the bigots together from all sides and unite them in an infernal bond of malignant hostility to their Catholic fellow- colonists. This may give a little annoyance to the Catholic electors of Castlemaine, but there is no reason why it should excite any serious apprehensions in their mind. It is not likely that Mr. Patterson will succeed in recruiting a large army under the Orange banner he has raised. It is not a colour under which members with a disposition less grasping, and a sense of decenoy better preserved, would care to range themselves, and so this usually wary politician will be left to discover that he has discreditably signalised himself to no purpose, and that he is left on the bleak shore alone with the prospect of place, pay, and el ceteras as distant as ever. Mr. M'Coll may be left severely alone to reflect on the disadvantage of taking up an equivocal position in connection with a desperate and unscrupulous politican who is thirsting for the loaves and fishes; and as for Mr. A. T. Clark, who, according to the Daily Telegraph of Wednesday, "apropos to nothing in particular, took the opportunity of saying the Ministry was under priestly influence, and governed by the Roman Catholics, to whom the colony had been handed over 'lock, stock, and barrel,' " he may be left to hig fate, which will be that of a political pariah with whom any politician with the vestige of a decent reputation left to him would be ashamed to associate. WHAT a pitiable A PUSILLANIMOUS spectacle Mr. Dil- DESERTION. Ion, a member of the New South Wales Assembly, presents as he shrinks into littleness before a hostile blast of bigotry. More for the hope that was entertained of him than for any merit of which he had given proof, his co-religionists took him by the hand and bestowed favours on him. They placed him in a position of which he had reason to be proud, and there was still more reason why he should have been grateful for the service that had been gratuitously done him. It was anticipated that he would prove faithful to the high principles with which he was credited, and he has been a renegade' to them. It was expected that he would display those virtues which alone could give him any claim to Catholic support and confidence, and he has woefully and contemptibly disappointed his too confiding friends. To be worthy of the position to which he has been raised he should be stout and strong of heart in his defence of Catholic rights, but instead of that he has cowered before the first heavy assault that has been made on them in his experience. He was not tried as the confessor is, much less as the martyr, yet the test has proved him to be both a coward and a deserter. The occasion that would have enabled him to play the part of a grateful friend and a bold defender of the Church found him orouching before her enemies. The hurricane of bigotry which a Catholic, brave and true, would have encountered with intrepidity brought him to his knees, and in that craven attitude he surrendered his colours, and threw up the commission with which he had been honoured. As we contemplate the abject position of the man, as he prostrated himself in fear before a few howling bigots, we cannot recognise in him a single quality that is not degrading to human nature. With ingratitude no good quality could coexist, and his ingratitude is the basest. Cowardice kills every virtue, and Mr. Dillon moat conspicuously played the part of a paltroon. But the loss is all his own; no one suffers but himself. Such as he have been the cause of many troubles to the Church, and of many scandals in her communion, but we have the consolation of knowing that she is more frequently assailed by avowed enemies, against whom it is possible to prepare a defence, than she is betrayed by false friends. If that were not so she woulld not be erect and unshaken as she is to-day. In the trials of the world her strength would be sapped by desertions, and the help of God should be still more manifest in her support. If many of her sons were as weak and false as the man who resigned his fellowship of St. John's College, in abject submission to senseless, raving intolerance, Catholics would be compelled to utterly despair of their own powers of resistance, and throw themselves wholly and help, lessly on the promises of Christ. They would lose all faith in man, and be forced to look for daily recurring miracles. THE Ballarat Church UNACCEPTABLE. of England Assembly has beensitting, and has had the Education Act under consideration. It has declared unequi vocably against fhantrlotlvsecCilaroharactBr of the measure and has adopted a petition to the Led*, laturem favour of the slightly different system In operation in New South wX and under which non- denominational« ligiouB instruction may be given ; school hours, and the children of each particular denomination may be ih structed in faith and doctrine by thrir clergymen or other authorised teach«™ for one hour each day. This arraneement the petitioners consider should satisfy all objectors to the present Act but, if they are not totally ignorant of affairs in New South Wales, their statement would very much need explanation. For their information we may briefly itate that the Act there is at least as objectionable to Catholics as the Act here is, and that there, as well as here, our denomination are obliged to support schools of their own. As a fact the system here, though irreconcilably ojectionable to Catholics, is not alto, gether BO obnoxious to them aB that which obtains in Sydney, and for that reason our body would determinedly oppose any such change as that for which the Ballarat Assembly petitions. It would only aggravate an evil which is already serious enough to distract the community and keep political parties in helpless confusion. LOOK out for a cataclysm, TEBBIBM. or a very big earthquake that will turn this planet Inside out. The Catholic authorities In Sydney have dared to act disrespectfully, from an ecclesiastical or spiritual point of view, to the memory of a member of that august and most respectable body, the Legislature of New South Wales. Having dared this, what, asked Mr. Parkes, would they not dare to do ? It is hard to say, but it is juBt within the bounds of possibility that they might venture to lay the Kiama ghost, or even fail, in deference to the great and mighty Parkes himself. But has he not rendered himself once more ridiculous in this instance by playing the part of Bombastes Furioso ? And in doing so has he not invited a comparison which makes him very small indeed P If Mr. Parkes had only had the good sense to look a little behind the times in which he plays his noisy but little and feeble part, it would have been brought to his mind that some of the people on whom the displeasure of the Church has fallen were somewhat more important personages in the world than a past or present Minister of the Crown in New South Wales. In that case he would have been reminded that emperors and princes have been visited with the censures of the Church, and this perhaps would have saved him from making that absurd exhibition of himself at which people with better memories or more knowledge are laughing. It would have taught him that the Church is as much above princes as the law of God is above the pride and folly of man, or as the threatenings and ravings of men like Parkes and Buchanan are below its serious notice. NOTHING comes amiss THE " AGE'S" to the Age in the way THEOLOGY. of invention. Its fertility is only equalled by its audacity. Its last flight was in Catholic theology, and in this instance it has gone far and away beyond the realms of fact and truth. It says:— It is well-known that the hierarohy of the Ohurch of Rome have consistently and persistently refused to allow their offices for the dead to be read over the graves of per- 80ns who have committed suicide—even although the coroner's jury have brought in a verdict of temporary insanity—who have led notoriously immoral lives, or who have virtually left the communion to which they formerly belonged. Dealing with a journal which is insensible to shame and correction, it would be a waste of time to dwell on the misrepresentation it makes. It will sufficiently clear the matter up to state that the Catholic Church regards the insane as Irresponsible for their acts, and would not deny them Christian burial for anything they had said or done whilst insane. The theology laid down by the Age is of its own Invention. 