£ - . I Father Christmas in Australia. By K. G. I H ! who is this greybeard standing on the thresh old of our home ? Is it you, Father Christmas' ? ft Come in ! come in! old friend, you are welcome, thrice welcome ! Glad to see you once more, though you do leave a long time between your visits. Take your accus tomed seat, old man; and while we are waiting for the roast beef and plum pudding to be served, tell us a story about yourself . You have nothing fresh to tell ! You have told us your story so often ! Never mind ! we do not biie oi nearmg it, oecause it is one 01 those tilings that will bear oft repeating without growing stale, especially to the youngsters ; so let us have it ! We are all attention ; pray proceed. And Father Christmas replied : — It is now just 1SS1 years since the day of my birth ; but it was not till many centuries after that I became famous in the sense in which you are welcoming me to-day. My early followers did not cele brate my anniversary in the same fashion as do my adherents of the nineteenth century. Their Christ) as was spent in rocky caverns or antiA -_si i vast solitudes of primeval forests, hunted from place to place, scourged and crucified, reviled and persecuted. But that's all changed now ; and it is of the later observance of my fete day that I prefer to speak and you to listen. At the same time, most of the pleasant pastimes and gay doings at Christinas are but relics of those early and sad days of my history. The mistletoe, with its white berries, that is now hung up (you have a substitute in Australia, I find) to snare the unwary maiden that a love-kiss may be stolen unrebuked, which would not be permitted under ander any other circumstances, was gathered by the ancient Druids with solemn rites at their sncrecHestivals us Giublinuition - pWiij and wedded love. And is not matrimony still the outcome of many a little transac tion " under the mistletoe ?" All ! Ethel, Rose and Mabel, your blushing faces re mind me of this ; for was it not under this mystic branch those magic gold circlets you wear on your pretty hands this year with such wifely pride, were first antici pated ? The Cliristmas-box you give and receive with so much delight is also bor- ; rowed from an old custom of the early church, when it was usual to nail a box ? outside the places of worship where the rich might offer contributions for the poor. The Christmas carol, too, owed its origin to the early fathers who introduced Cliris- tianity into England, for the bishops and priests sang carols and danced masques at Christmas time, whence the mirth provok ing pantomime, which sets little hearts dancing with glee, and elicits screams of merriment from rosy lips at the droll antics of clumsy clowns and fantastic har lequins. " But now I must tell the wee folk all about their patron and benefactor, Santa Claus. He is of German extraction, and is represented as carrying a huge sack over his shoulder, (as he has never been seen in the flesh, I expect you must have got his photograph through, the spirit medium,) which, like FortUnatus' purse, never grows empty. He takes his walks abroad by night only, and enters the houses where good — they must be good, remember — little children live in a rather undignified manner, his mode of entrance being by means of the chimney, and then proceeds to fill tinv socks and stockings with the toys he knows the little ones will like best. He is a very clever fellow at guessing, and always- just hits on the pre- . sents his youthful devotees are longing for. "Your Christmas-tree, children, is also an institution of Germany, and it is in deed a pretty sight to behold, lit up with myriads of gaily-colored tapers, an endless variety of toys, trinkets, and bags of sweetmeats depending from its branches. " "I dare say," Father Christmas went on, "very few of my Australian friends present have ever visited old England. The contrast to your own bright clime would rather surprise you if you could find , yourselves transported at this moment to > the ' North countrie' ; and I don't think that you would relish the change particu larly. Instead of clear, cloudless skies, soft, balmy days, and trees and flowers in full leaf and bloom, a dull, leaden sky spreads like a pall above, while probably the earth beneath lies deeply buried in its shroud of snow; the trees stand naked and leafless, stretching their long, bare, brown arms aloft; and the bright holly, with its glistening leaves and shining red berries, is the only enlivening object that greets the eye, wearied with long stretches of dreary moorland, and smoke-begrimed towns and cities. This is out of doors ; indoors, and there, shut in by \- ' "drawn silken curtains and cheered ';l Jed-up blazing fires that bid de- iAjJ winter's chill blast, you will dioiv . gfily enjoy and appreciate an Eng: lish Clmstmas. When night creeps on, what capital fun it is to join in the romp ing game of forfeits and blind-man's buff, or risk burning one's fingers to catch raisins in snip, snap-dragon, while some mischievous wight throws in the handful of salt that makes the company look like an army of the departed dead, and sends the timid ones who have been listening to hair-elevating stories of ghosts and mur- ders in tapestried chambers, shivering away, quaking with fear. Oh ! yes, there are many pleasant features connected with an English Christmas ; but I don't fancy that any of you would like to exchange your beautiful warm December, with its sunshine and flowers for all the mirthful festivities of the bleak December of the old country. "And -now," said Father Christmas, . looking smiling around, but with a shade of melancholy on his rubicund counte nance, ' ' I hope I may yet live to visit you many more years, my dear Australian friends, though a premonition conies across me sometimes that my days are fast drawing to an end. I am not nearly so full of strength and vigor as I used to be. I notice a visible decline in my health and spirits of late years." But to this none us of would agree ; we assured the old man he was as hearty and jolly as ever, and as the chimes rang out to do him honor we crowded around to wish him, as we do to all in Australia's fair land, > A Merry Christmas ! ! and "" A Happy New Year! 