LAYING FOUNDATION STONE OF CHRIST OEUEOII VICARAGE. On Tuesday afternoon last this interesting ceremony was performed by Mrs. Thomas, assisted by the Bishop and the Eeys. W. M. White (Adelong), W. Cocks (Murruui burrah), and S. B. Holt. ,? An apology had been received from the Eev. J. H. Williams (Gundagai), who had, been prevented from, coming by the death by drowning of Mr. Beveridge, sen., of Tenandra Park. There were about sixty persons present. After singing, reading an appropriate. Psalm, and prayer, the Eev. Mr. Holt explained that the casket to be placed beneath the stone contained the latest copy of the Cvotamundra Herald, of the Australian Churchman, and the following record : — This foundation-stone of Christ Church Vicarage was laid by Mrs. Thomas, of Bishopthorpe, Goulfcurn, on the 16th day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one, being the 44th year of the reign of her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria ; His Excellency Lord Augustus Loftus being the 'Governor of the Colony ; the Eight Beverend Mesac Thomas, D.D., being Bishop of the Diocese of Goulburn ; the Heverend Samuel Bealey Holt being vicar of the parish ; Messrs. Edward Prior Barnes, William Hall Matthews, Charles Herman Burton Primrose, Alfred Nugent Taylor, and Thomas Tebay being the building committee; and Edward Osman Lindsey the architect and builder. Mr. Holt expressed his thankfulness on account of the auspicious event they were engagedin, and drew attention to the fact that the day was the anniversary of the consecration of Bishop Broughton, the first Bishop of Australia. Mr. E. P. Barnes, J.P., then stepped for ward and said he had much pleasure in pre senting Mrs. Thomas, on behalf of the parishioners, with the mallet and trowel which he then handed her, saying he was glad to again welcome her to the laying of another foundation-stone. She had per formed a similar duty for the church ; and he sincerely hoped she might be spared to perform many other such pleasing duties in the diocese. Mrs. Thomas then displayed her skilful ness in masonry, and pronounced the stone to be well and truly laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Mr. Holt, again addressing the people, explained the state of the building fund. The trustees had borrowed for five years £600. Besides this sum, £150 had been collected, and it was hoped that the liberal gifts placed on the stone Mint, day would re duce tho amount by something liko J^UNH). He hoped the piirishionors [would not com plain if he called upon thauA. Mr. .Matthews, treasure}-, read a list of contributions promised ; him! Mr. Holt road a letter from Dr. Evan, (Enclosing a coatri butioniof £1/1/. . , / .' - . His (Lordship the Bishop also addressed the people in a short . speech. He said he had accompanied Mrs. Thomas when she laid the foundation-stone of the church some time since, and on his present visit he was , struck with the improvement observable in 1 both spiritual and material things. There ! wore now two parishes where there was one { before ; and in a short time there would be a third, 'of which Temora would be tho centre. It was a great comfort when clergy men were provided with suitable homes — it acted like birdlime upon them and kept them j from coveting other parishes. Having ro forred to the encouraging progress which had boon made since the creation of the diocese, in which there were now thirty-six parishes, he commended the minister and parish of Cootamundra to God and His keeping, and he trusted they should be par mitted to return and see the completion of the vicarage. The dioceso needed more vicarages still — at Adelong, Narandera, Junee, Temora, and Tarago ; in fact, the work was never ended. Mrs. Thomas and he had travelled thousands of miles through the diocese prosecuting the work of the church, and had thus had ample opportunity of seeing what progress was being made : and tlu-y now found that, whereas in the early history of the diocese houses were few and far between, now they found a warm welcome in every part. He need scarcely say he was much gratified at this progress. Mrs. Thomas had laid the first foundation stone in the diocese ; and it would be matter of comfort and gratulation to see not only tho increase of parishes but also a sub division of the diocese, as all worked for a heavenly and divine Master. He was glad to know that their minister was free from troubles with the parishioners. He begged to thank the office-bearers for assistance in the past, and trusted that they and the laity generally would continue to work together in the interests of the church. In conclusion, he congratulated Mr. Holt upon attaining a comfortable vicarage. Appropriate but short congratulatory speeches followed by Eev. Mr. Cocks and Eev. Mr. White ; and thanks were accorded his Lordship and Mrs. Thomas and visiting clergymen for their presence. £75/1 5/- was the total amount in money and contributions placed on the stone, £50 being contributed by the Bishop. The contract is to bo completed in four months. 