A CHRISTMAS STORY. (From " Off the Reel Stories by Lilian B. Hughes). It wa? a wet Christmas Eve. Instead of being under the traditional beautiful cover ing of snow, everything was soaked with rain, damp and dismal, therefore the inside of the J house seemed all the pleasanter. The old house of the doctor in Heversham was I always picturesque, but generally lifeless ; 1 this day it was full of life and noise. Instead j of being tenanted only by a morose old gentle- I man and a quiet old lady, it swarmed with j boys and girls, of all ages and sizes, all the I grand-children come down for Christmas I time. In spite of the rain the boys had been out all the morning cutting holly and ivy in the wood on the top of the hill, and the quaint j low rooms were famously decorated. At four o'clock every one was glad to shut the shutters, light the lamps, and stir up the fire until the light flickered fantastically on the j dark oak ceiling and the old pictures with j their fresh holly wreaths. The children all liked the queer old paintings of their grand fathers and grandmothers dead and gone, in fVsAir sfcraiVofi rirp.ttv dresses. much better than 1 the modern paintings at the end of the room | —grandfather and grandma in the centre, on I each side a daughter with her husband, and j underneath a funny little old-fashioned photograph of a little boy with brown eyes I like grandma's, and long hair, wearing a big | frilled collar and a jacket with gilt buttons. J Closing the shutters, they forgot how I dismal it was outside, how black the river j looked across the road, and how swiftly it I flowed ; how dreary the mist looked spread- j ing out over the sands of the bay ; even the j sound of the steady falling of the rain I through the branches was soon drowned in J noise and laughter. 1 They were all together in the long low J dining room, playing games and singing. I Grandfather forgot to be gloomy, and skipped over sixty long years backwards to romp like j the other boys ; but grandma sat very quiet and still in her corner, and the look in her eyes showed that she was'far, far away, either in the past or in some distant land. Her daughters did not disturb her ; they whispered to each other, 4 She is thinking about poor Foster !' j Late in the evening, tired of violent games, i they all gathered round the fire, chatting and ! roasting chestnuts on the broad bars and hobs j of the grate. A discussion arose between .J ohn, a middle-sized boy , and Nellie, a small girl, i It was conducted quietly at first, but rose louder and louder until it attracted the notice of the elders. 4 Grandfather,' called Nellie, appealing to the highest authority at once, 4 John says there is a ghost in this house, and there isn't ; because there couldn't be one, you know, could there 1" —faai— i HIHIWHMW mmm — The question was asked with evident ankiety. Nellie was a little doubtful, and felt that her peace of mind for future nights at Heversham depended on the answer to he question. 4 1 know there is,' called out John; 'old Simon Potter told me all about it when we were cutting the ivy. I only wish it would come !' Then the grandfather spoke with conscious pride, all the meaning looks and muttered ap peals of his daughters quite thrown away out. him, for he never saw them— 4 Certainly, it is said that there is a ghost belonging to this house ; it has been in the family for two hundred years or more ; it Is said to come on Christmas Eve, walkthrough i the hall dressed in black, and knock gently at each door. Truly, I never saw it— — ' But Uncle Foster did when he was a little ' boy, interrupted John. 4 Foster saw it !' cried grandmama, suddenly aroused ; 4 1 never heard that.' 4 Simon Potter told me so ; he said that — ' ' Be silent !' said the grandfather huskily, but with a very stern face ; don't dare to mention that name again.' A great hush fell on them all. Grand- mamma cried quietly in her corner, and won dered whether her dear boy— her youngest darling — had any warm shelter this dreary night, or whether he needed earthly shelter any longer. The sisters looked sad, and wished for the thousandth time that their father had not been so hard, their brother so self-willed. The children were very quiet, oppressed by the thought of the ghost and the nearness of bedtime. All the goodness seemed to have gone out of the chestnuts ; the pattering of the rain seemed more dismal than ever ; and the wind wailed sorrowfully round the house. 4 Let us sing some hj mns,' said the youngest i mamma, going to the piano, wishing for something to put better thoughts into her children's minds. Then after the first hymn there was a moment's dead silence, then a little scream, and the children cowered all together, for they clearly heard the sound oi. heavy footsteps coming along the halL It could only have been for a moment, but it seemed a ioDg time, then there came a little I Ir'AAob of f Tin -nhnv OA11A<3 4 Come in !' but his voice still sounded husky and strange. Several of the children screamed as the door opened and the ghost walked in — a strange man, worn and weather-beaten, with a beautiful eager face and eyes like grandmamma's. Another moment and grandmamma was caught in the stranger's arms, and the parents were crowding round them. Then the stranger held grandma firmly with one arm, and holding out the other hand, walked up to grandfather, who stood alone, very white and stern. He spoke j quietly, but very, very earnestly, 4 Father, won't you forgive me ?' Then a change passed all at once over the old man's face, making it young again and beautiful, and grandfather kissed the stranger too. All the long years of quarrel and estrangement, where both were to blame, were blotted out in one instant, and grand mamma's poor, loving, divided heart made whole again. It was nearly twelve o'clock, and the boys I opened the windows to let Christmas in. The j wind had cleared away the clouds, and the stars were shining brightly as they heard the bells begin pealing out to tell of 4 Peace on earth, and goodwill to men !' 