CHAPTER XXVTII.-A NEW THREAD. Christuins carno, and with ib tho dropped inn- ings of that objectionable family which owned those noisy Doves aB its most prominent mom« bern. Tho two brothers left, in England came down for tho vacation, and tho Cowley boys came an well ; tho startling COE tum es devised and exe- cuted in tho dark days of autumn wore broughtto light and publicity-to the tcnndalisalion of cer- tain unfriendly critics of whom old Mrs. Mora head was the chiof ; and tho rousing réveillée at Shorrardino woke up Highwood to full and fast activity. . Tho weathor fortunately continued fair and frosty, and skating waa tho order of tho day ?whilo dancing and round games, snap-dragon and oharados mad« tho evenings " go*' in snoh|sort that tho fun might bo said to overflow at all four corners. Tho whole placo was astir with the gaieties of tho season j and tho example set by the family at Shorrardine seemed to be infectious and to pass from house to house, Uko measles or whooping-cough, in orderly succession. Even Mr. Branscombe wan not proot against tho contagion of this gay epidemic. Having already greatly relaxed tho severity of his mourning, ho relaxed it now still moro because of tho 3eason and its claims. He could not, ho said, throw tho chill 'of his gloom ovor this joyous Hmo ; and ho thought ho showed his devotion to his sainted Matilda best by doing that which would bo most congenial to her sentiments wero she able to direct him viva voce, His daughter, his dear Stella, must not .bo too much shut np now. It was touching and pretty to see her wish for isolation from the crowd and her desiro for quiet companionship with him alono. Dear child I she lived but in his sight ! "And of course that would bo his wish also, as it was his Bole source of ploaBuro j but ho must do violence to himsolf that ho might do good to her. therefore, ho and his daughter would acoopt whatever invitations woro afloat ; and they oven wont to Shorrardino, whoae naturally o»e BO olo gant and artistic as Mr. Branscombo did not fool ho hod any real buBinoss to be. '* But that is tho worst of a country socioty," ho said, when diacusBing theso things with Hortensia Lyon. " If you go to ono place you must to all, olso you make enemies byjshowing favous." It was all for his daughter, ho repeated-to tho world with bland and painful resignation ; to Hortensia with an appearance of only half-concealed chagrin, chagrin very clearly concealed and very artfully displayed-all for hor palo cheoks, peaked shoul- ders, bluo-enciroled oyes, and tho health which had run. down so visibly, but bo which tho hidden disoaso had not yet ci ven its namo. So ib might be. We have no right to loot behind n man's words for his motives ; but for au unwilling sacrifico, as ho ntado himself out to bo, Mr. J3ransconibo was certainly what tho Penne- father girls called " awfully jolly," though he was so" awfully Btiltcd and humbugging and afffccted," as well. Still ho was decidedly jolly ; and anyone would have said that ho onjoyod his sacrifice Uko tho rest of thom. All thiB, however, did poor Stella no appreciable good. Though nob apparently so much depressed, sho was just as palo and thin as ever, and not evon a half romping turn afc " Sir Kogor do Coverloy" did moro than bring tho colour into her faco for jase so long as the exertion lasted. When hor breath carno back tho softplnk roses in her cheeks faded into tho normal pallor of her present con- dition, and she looked oven more fragile and dia- phanous than boforo. Dr. Quicrloy was looking after hor in his own way, but silcrrtly. Ito was waiting for spring timo-and beyond ; waiting until Bundry thingB should docla'ro themselves more plainly than afc prosont, boforo ho again took on himself tho unauthorised direction of events. Ile was waiting and watching vigilantly, nnd for more things than ono. But ho took no oho into his confidence, and¿{tho revelations convoyed by thoso keen eyes and that activo brain remained his own proporfcy only, shared and suspected by none. " Supremo ! ¿hat was Valentino Cowloy s present working word-tho traction engine which drew tho whole verbal load, tho camel which was laden with all tho disporaed straws of admiration. Everything of which ho approved was " supremo ;" and this Christmas timo Stolla Eranscoinbo, w-lio had always been " nice," was supremest of tho ' Supreme. The truth was, Valentino Cowloy had ; .-suddenly become a now man. Ho had fallen under i influences which, ns ho said, had completed his hoing. To his former magnificent muscularity and worship of manly strength ho had added a passion -forblue china, Queon Anne architecture, Morris's . papers, Rosetta's poeins, Ruskin's nroso, half tono3 rin bluo and green, earnestness in men and tender . stillnoss in women-with a sublime contempt for . trade, luxury, tho doctrino of evolution and the fourth dimension. Ho had mot a cortain m?.n of mark-one of tho loaders of this school-just aB ho was casting his boyish mental skin and becom- ing more manly and reflective, just as ho was slip- ping like ahormit crab from ono intellectual shell , to another getting tired of play and casting about for " work" and " his life's moaning." And this , man ¿ad cultivated him on hi3 own lines and mado him, intellectually, a new creature-having, as he said, com ploted his hoing, leaving him his muscles but adding thoroto reverence for art, and lrnowledgo of tho truo moaning of poetry. Having thus gono past the point when noisy hoydens woro his chosen chums, Val had ontoreu on tho lines of refinement and idealistic woman- hood; of saints in their sweetness and of ladies .in their graco ; oven of blossoms tenderly blighted 'and delicate to tho verge of sickliness. And .Stolla, who was juat as beautiful now in tho days of her nallor as sho had been in thoso of her fresh noss-though beautiful in a different way and 'with moro soul about her, said Val-seemed to 'him just tho kind of thing that ho liked best of 'all, and just tho person r'or whoso appreciation naturo had fitted him. Gip and Pip wore Btill *'awfully jolly and awfully nice; tho best girls in 'tho world, and with tho least nonsense about them that could be ; but Stella Branseombo touched a higher lovel than they could ever aspire to roach. Gip and Pip were of tho arrested, non-dovoloping class; while for Stella all manner of spiritual progress might bo expected; and Gip and Pip laughed too much and too loud, fand lind oyes far too bright and bold ami wandering for his tasto as 'it stood uow, while Stella's sweet, low, tender tones and mild, nul, steadfast oyes seemed to him tho very perfection of their kind. Wherefore, after they had mot onco on thc ice; dipped their lingera together into tho blazing brandy of simp-dragon and laughed at tho ghast- liness gathunul round tho bluelight made of tho salt Boliborally ladled in; niter they had waltzed till thoy wero tired, and acted lovers in a charade \--Valentino pronounced her " Supreme ;" and modo Goorgio Pennefather free ol his ves diofc. To -which Georgie, laughing ns if it wore a small battery of guns fired off in a salute, said in a shrill voice : " Why, Val ! aro you going to bo ono of thoso duffers who go m for washed-out faceB and sentimental voices ? I thought you had moro nous in you than that ! Stolla Bransoombo is all very well in her way, but her way was novor too much of a good thing, and now it is loss so than ever. I would as soon make lovo to a ghost at once, if I wore a man, as to her. I don't know indeed but that tho ghost would bo tho bettor fun of the two !" "You incorrigible young person !" said Valen- tine, his gaiety a httlo forced. "And you ineourprohensiblo individual !" ro tortod Georgie, her rattling laugh as little really spontaneous n s his Bmile. A little off-room at Shorrardino opened on'to the drawing-room, whore, at this momont, danoing was going on. Gip and Pip always called it, in their audacious way, " Tho epooning-room ;" and held thomsolvos froo to rally anyone who might bo found thoroin> and to assume whatever they chose beyond the patent foot of occupancy. Dancing being to Vnlontino, in hisrfow character of pro-ltaffaolito enthusiast, a rathor vulgar and decidodly unpoetie exorcise, and Stolla being tired, tho two woro Bitting quietly in a- corner playing at *' apülikinn"-not a very intellectual game whoro Stolla was poopatually keeping Valentino from committing ßuioido by trying for the Trident whon too much involved or for tho Pipo whon cer- tain to Bhake. Sinco ßho had got ovar tho first pain of Cyril's lottor to Randolph-roading his silonoo aa renun- ciation ovon of her memory- StoHa had honestly and heroically done her best to lire down her pain and to ho in all things liko othor girls. So long as it hod been a mutual heart-break between her and her lost Love she had carried her sorrow and hor flag of fealty ; but now when sho believed her- self if not absolutely forgotton-who can really forget ?-yet resolutely set aside, sho determined to bury hor Borrow deep in her own breast, and even to do her best to make horself forgot that Bho had other causo for activo grief than that-suffi- ciently heavy in itself-of her dear mother'3 death. She know that, for her own part Bho should love Cyril all her lifo, and love him only. No other affection would ever tako the placo of this, which she had worn as hor glory and n<tw boro as hor cross. Bnt she would not go about tho world as a love-lorno damsol, wearing the willow and bid- ding for sympathy. Sho would bo no " Blighted Being" whom tho gontlo would pity and the cyni- cal deride. And now that papa had thought it good for her to go again into society, sho would go like any one elsa and forco horsolf at least to appear to take interest in all that went on ; though oho had no moro roalpleasaro therein, and derived no moro moral sustenfinco therofrom, than does tho starving man whon tho typical stone is tossed into his lap for broad. Good-natured sho had al- ways boon ; over ready to play chess with begin- ners or draughts with children, to rattle off waltzes or quadrilles for others to dance to, and to count ber marriages in besique and her points in piquet with tho stupid and tho old. But now sho was oven moro good-naturod and more helpful, if that woro possibloi Whenovor anyone waa wanted to do a kind turn to othors, or to do what was un- pleasant to herself, Stolla Branscombo came to tho front and took up all tho little fardels in a row, shouldering thom without a murmur. If a boro had to bo got out of tho way Stolla took him on her own hands and off the necks of tho rest ; if thoro woro too many in a sot, and some ono had to givo up, Stolla was that someonoj if thoro was an unuomfortablo bit of duty to be dono in tho parish, Stolla was asked to do it, and sho always did what she was nskod. Young as sho was, she was getting to hold that impersonal kind of place which be- longs to tho "altruistic" natures-to bo a kind of youthful social grandmother to all who carno for help in moments of need, and from whom no ono was turned away unsatisfied. Sliil she felb that boyond all this she had to find some moro absorbing occupation than even social attractions gave her-something that should make hor quito forgot hor own trouble in tho activity of serious well-doing. Helping papa had failed to cousolo her. Sho never quite understood why, but sho knew that it had ; and sho did not fcol as if being a kind of social fairy godmother was tho exajb ultimate of her aspirations orabilitios. But all this wa3 by tho byo. What sho had to do in tho immediate present was to make herself gonor ally usoful and universally amiablo, to thrust back Cyril deep, deep into tho recesses of hor thoughts -as far in tho back ground as was possible-and to forgot herself all round. And sho fulfilled her Holf-imposcd task to tho lettor. Over his spillikins, which served as a protence, Valentino fixod his darle oyes on the sweet fair face boforo him bending over tho table with all Stolla llranscombo's sincerity of intereet in tho thing in hand. He looked at her long and ardently, then suddenly, without profaco or warning, ho asked, in a soft, sentimental kind of way " Tell mo, Miss Branscouibo, what is your ideal of lifo ?" (TO nn CONTINUED.) A new ílax-milüni? oompaiiy is to bo startod nt Lyndoch, South Australia, and a eito has boon scoured that will not in any way iutorforo with tho health of tho district, A woll attended mnotin? waa hold laat wook at tho Unitarian Church, Livorpool- stroot, for tho formal inauguration of a liboral RSEOointion. Tho Hon. J, B. Wilson pronidod. A roport of tho rosnlto of tho labours of tho nnsomation was proHoutod by Mr. C. Bright on bohalf ol' tho provisional ooinmittep, with tho oo'io of rnloB, both ol' which woro adopted. Tho Hon. J. 13. Wilson wan olootod president for tho first yoar, and acknowledged tho compliment in af ow words. Tho election of vice-proaidenfa resulted in tho following iroutlomen boiiiK chosan, vi/.., M. W. Macdonnell. Dr. W. Brooks, Mossre. G. Milnor Stophon, G. Maiden, C. Bright, and F. J. Thomas. Mr. G. Lacy was elected hon. secretary, and Mr. Turnor Robinson, hon. trensnrcr. Tho formation of a oommittoo of 12 wa« noxt procoodod with, amongst whom woro two ladiua. Tho rolls woro thou loft open, and shortly nftorwarda thoro woro 150 names subßoribod. Tho meeting then closed. 