SPURTING NOTES. ol Mr T. Ivory, the well-known Sydney to sportsman, has had to destroy Dover, as en he had nasal disease badly, and had lost ni the use of his limbs. Dover was by th Barbarian, and showed great promise as a in two- year old. ih A Sydney telegram states that Mr ih Mayo, the owner of Hesperian, has ac cepted the sporting wager of £10,000 to, 50 £450 in favour of his white-legged chest- (1 nut for the Melbourne Cup, from the H Sydney Leviathan, Mr E. E. Jones. H An Adelaide paper says that Mr Ross t Reid has had the misfortune to lose his tn very valuable brood snare Proserpine. an She was by Lucifer out of Britannia n (imp), by Melbourne out of Boadicea, by mi WE Gladiator, and made a great name at the I stud as the daso of Emulation and hs Rivalry. Emulation, it will be remora bered, won the Geelong Cup, and after- co wards became a great favourite for tse th Hobart Cup won by Strop, but did not B, not succeed its gaining a place. 13 'Irumupeter was scratched on the 18th *for the Grand National Steeplechase. it' This makes the fourth horse scratched, all while there is one doubtful starter, Hima- ( Iaya. Wellington has been scratched for an the Maiden Hurdle Race at the Grand lea National Meeting, for which he had been e backed to win several thousand pounds, fa His owner, who loses considerably, AN scratched the horse on Tuesday afternoon, on as he would not face the jumps, and it wl was feared that he might get seriously an hurt if he started. th Sosinaus and Sir Modrid, says a Vic- m, torian journal, have become the property th of Mr Barry Prince, the present owner of TI Mata, having been sold to him by Mr bt Driver; and it is on the account of the in new purchaser and his friends that the A recent £20,000 doubles have been taken. 4t Mata is returning immediately to Maori- tb land. of Scrutineer," who wrote disparagingly B of our representatives last week, has fo altered his opinion to some extent, as we B confidently expected lie would. He bh now says :-Victor, now that he has w been clipped, looks better, and' has been £, doing good work, but he says Cyclops has in not improved since he landed in Vic- hi toria. He expects Victor to acquit him- B self well. Tasmanians expect the pair to p, run prominently forward to-day, and it se will be a sore disappointment if they do 71 not cut more than respectable figures- n, Victor 'especially, who ought to run a a great race if fit. tl The Grand National Steeplechase ti Meeting takes place to-day at Flemington, m and the dportsmaen of Wednesday last a, gives the following probable starters and h riders for the two principal events :- f GRAND NATIONAL STE5PLECOASE. at Horse. Rider. Horse. Rider. at Sussex ... Hill I Lucy ... Elliott la Cruiser ... Scobie Victor ... Carey tl Twilight ... Corrigan Gazelle ... Grace a Intrepid ... Floyd Taraxacum Watson Abdallah ... Batty Prince Alfd. Sims a GRAND NATIONAL HURDLE RACE. 0 Horse'-'- Riders ' Horse. - Rider. - Sir Peter ...Corrigan Symbol ...Grace Pilgrim ...Chiffney Scylla ...Rowe Jack Tar ...Hill Spectrum ...Kilduff Lady Ripon Harding Y. Alfred ...Batty Dutchman...Ross Elector .. Cox I Zephyr ...Scobie ' Fictitious .:.Musgrave n Cumberland M'Innes Safeguard' ...Sims n Cyclops ...Carey I Roebuck ...hI'Sorley Rhesus ..'.Henderson | Star of West Thornton Discount ...Heywood " Tout, Cela" selects Handy Andy for it the Maiden Hurdle, and Collingwood, t but with a strong leaning to Great Wes- , tern, for the Maiden Steeple. For the a Grand National Hurdle his opinion is very b firm, and his choice is Sir Peter, as he ri deems him the " stable nag," and knows p him to be fitter than ever seen before. G His most dangerous antagonists are Jack ii Tar and Discount. Speaking of the Grand ' National Steeple he says :-The ,more I f put on my considering cap, the more am I convinced that the great top-weight, i Sussex, is called upon to give away more I than he can afford, and that, with the i exception of the two mares who ran first and second at Warrnambool, there is I nothing with the " ghost of a show" (except through the chapter of accidents) i of doing more than gain a situation. I Natheless, when I have to think that Mr Loughlin's clever pet knows overy jump on the course as well as a billiard-marker does the grooves on his table-and that the ground is not only new to the other, i but the fences bigger than she has ever raced over before-my " hat goes up" for Twilight, though no one will be loss surprised than myself to see the " number go up" for Gazelle. Speaking of Victor lie says :-Victor who does battle for the tin-produoing island so near us, is a good class of animal and not a slow one either. His party consider they have a positive " look in," having sup ported him to thee tone of several hundreds ; hut whether they will take 1 any of the Victorian " tin" away with them in a very moot question with me, for the line of leaps he has to navigate are iso more like what hoe has had to hitherto cross than " chalk is like cheese." While of ouar other representative he writes :-Cyolops is a Tasmanian importa tion, with a tolerable ropputo from his native I(is) land, hut, there lee was amongst Min nows instead of Tritons. On Monday Discount came into favour for the G.N. Hurdle Race, six to one .1 being taken for the stable to a consider 0able amount. In tho evenin'g Sir Peter shortened in price. Two to one was the I best price obtainable. This was probably a by the rumour that a protest lhad been, or 1\. would be, lodged against Young Alfred if boing allowed to run, on the ground of p lois having been trained by a disqualified 0 snan. 'This stopped any bus~ineas over this 0 horse. Youang Alfred is reported to have "done a good trial. The folloovisg are the 10 quotations for the principal events : if Maiden Hurdle-2 to 1, Handy Andy (off, P 5 in 2 takeno); 2 to 1, Star (ofl, 3 toil a taken) ; 10 to 1, Billy Nuitta (taken and I off); 10 to 20 to 1 othsers. Grand Natio me nal Hurdle-2 to 1, Sir Peter (taken); to 4 to 1, Young Alfred (off); 0 'to 1, Die 50 count (taken and tiff) ; 10 to I, Rhesus or (taken and off) ; 10 to 1 otheers. Grand se National Steeple-3 to 1, Twilight (off ) 1l 3 to 1, Gazelle (off) ; 4 to I, Suessex (off); 'd 5 to 10 to 1 others (off The latest arri sd vale are-Lady Ripots, who is reported a I bit off, and Fictitious, who is looking well. ry The following letter, written by the rn owner of Iroquois, and published in an d, English paper, confirms the opinioni dwe expressed last week: - " Theo 1o result was a surprioe to me. I hoardly in thoughot Iroquois good enouagh to win in the Derby ; in fact, I thsoughot I had ry two in my stable better thtan lee, Barrett al. and Passaic. I load very little money ote to Iroquois ; my nmoney was ott thse othoer ny two. I only won abont £2500, 0enough in to pay my trainer and jockey. 1 cabled u't over word to give Archer a thousand sit pounds for his success. Iroquois will stay la in England during the year, as he is engaged in about all the great three-year old races. I may possibly bring him home to use as a stallion when he has won races enough, but I am very doubtful about his making a first-class one." Speaking of the A.J.O. Special Meeting, the S. M. Herald says :-The course was in very good order, but the majority of the horses had the appearance of being short of work, and, as a consequence, some of the running cannot fairly be taken as a guide for the future. Radical (list 51b) was most in favour for the Hurdle Race at 7 to 4, while Jupiter received steady support at 2 to 1. The two favourites were the first to begin, and Jupiter (8st 71b), taking up the run ning after half a mile had been travelled. made the best of his light weight, and was never afterwards approached. Ralical was full of running until the hill had been topped, when he suddenly collapsed, and was content to finish a bad third. Fourteen went to the post for the Victoria Handicap. Harp of Erin (7st 51b), which was brought over from Victoria specially for this meet ing, was so freely backed that at the last it was difficult to get even money; but, although he ran a good colt, Hypatia (7st 21b) cut him down in the run home, and defeated him cleverly by. about two lengths. For the Princes' Stake, The Witch, by ilawthornden, was elected favourite. The youngsters were sent away on good terms, and a capital race ensued to the distance, when Mistake, who ran very kindly, put in his claim, and, drawing away, won rather easily by three lengths; Alice M'Gregor, who had more condition on her side than any of the other starters, coming in second. The winner is a rather common looking but useful colt, by Dante from Stockdove, imported, and was trained by J. Allsop. After his victory 1000 to 45 was accepted about him, for the Maribyrnong Plate. The winner is owned by Mr S. W. Knight. Brian Born was backed at 5 to 4 and at evens for the Selling Plate; the son of John Bull and Nightshade, who has never been beaten, won with plenty to spare. He was bought in for £175, the club making £75 by the sale. The workmanlike style in which he carried his let 41b caused him to come into some favour for the Eawkesbury Grand Handicap. The pace in the Squadron Handicap was very severe all the way, . and Zulu, 7st. 51b., who was very sore, could not get along, and soon took up a position in the rear, while Sunset led to the far side of the course, but then re tired in favour of Sardonyx, the hithorto moderately-perf;rmcd son of Fireworks and Onyx, who was never afterwards headed, and won easily by three lengths from Trump Yoss (8st 31b), who lost a stirrup leather, and Zulu, who had been steadily catching his horses during the last half-mile. Sardonyx (sat 71b) left the paddock almost friendless at 8 to 1, and upon returning to scale 500 to 35 was accepted about his Rawkesbury Handicap chance. 