MELBOUENEGOSSIP. FKOM OUK MELBOOTtNB CORRESPONDENT. J Tf the Reform League meeting on En day. evening is. at. all significant of the present position of the Liberal party, the inference is that,it is on the eve of-dismtegration and destruction. It no more presents an unbroken front to the enemy. Nine mouths ago, I wrote that I clearly foresaw political disintegration, and what I said has proved too true. At the League meeting the Ministry and the Age were fiercely denounced. Strange to say Mr Berry was spoken of with respect, and was not blamed. All the abuse fell upon the Age, for which no name was foul enough. The very mention of the paper was greeted with hisses groans and shouts of " Judas ! Judas ! worse than Judas— it's sold the party to please its advertisers." One speaker was particularly hot. He pointed out that the Age. had not only damaged the party in tbe city, but that it had corrupted or misled thB country journals on whose Bupport the Liberal party had leaned, and whose advocacy bad teen of such vast importance when the Age deserted the party in the closing months of 1879. ''Look at our position," cried this gentleman ; " In the heat of fiercest battle we fought, when the Age fled, we had the Ballarat Courier, Bendisjo Independent, Gippsland Mercury and GeeUmg Advertiser with us. Where are they now? Gone; and all through the -Age." The meeting was one of the moBt exciting ever held, and the motion in favor of the Government was carried by only two votes. Mr Craib, the treasurer, resigned the moment tiie decision was arrived at. He has been a pillar of the league, and his departure is the signal for a general breakup. The above is what I learned from a member of the league—I was not present myself. Everything indicates that the league will disintegrate, and 'that a new body will be formed. During the week repeated overtures have been made to several monied men to start, a paper in opposition to the Age, in order that that journal may be punished, but so far without effect. A significant fact is that the circulation of the Age and Leader has fallen off enormously Bince 1880. The Liberals decline to buy the paper that has sold them to swell its advertisement columns. There is an impression among Liberals that the present tactics of the Age are directed solely to one end, to get rid of Mr Berry. It is said that once the Reform Bill as it now stands is passed, the Aae will at once turn upon the Premier and declare him a traitor. I am strongly inclined to think that there is a good deal of truth in this. It is known that Mr Berry has been warned by leadins Liberals not to dare to appoint Mr G. C. Levey, the editor of the'Age, to the billet which he is now hanging round the public oflices to obtain, otherwise he will lose their support. Mr Berry has been so tardy in this matter that the soul of Mr Levey is moved, and lie will direct (he Age to "go 111" lnm at the earliest opportunity. Thus are the interests of the Liberal party bandied about at the will of a place hunter. A new era has dawned for the Legislative Council. A young man. who has still the liair on the top of his head, lias obtained admittance. I confess thatlgasped again when I saw Mr Oumming introdnced. He looks about thirty, a fine handsome young fellow. Among the lot of white-haired and bald-headed old men he looked utterly out of place. Indeed he did not seem to be relished ; only Mr Simson shook hands with tbe daring youth. It is a promising sign that a gentleman of his age should get into the Council. A few Cummines would revolutionise the Upper Chamber and do away with the necessity for reform. Mr James Smith has been raising the ghost of the late Mr Lamont, A spiritualist circle that meets in Little Collins-street raised a deceased friend the other night, with an unhappy result- He was asked m what sphere or " plane " he was, and replied that he was not happy, but hoped to be presently. "Are you in Heaven?" asked the medium. "No," was the reply. "Then," continued the medium. " Are you in the other place '' " Not yet," was the answer, " but I have every hope." The believers said an evil spirit had taken possession of the medium. Rumours are circulated that it is intended to get Mr Gaunson out of the chair if he joins the stonewallers, but the very fact that such threats are made will have the effect of encouraging Mr Gaunson to be defiant. Troubles loom for the Ministry in every direction, and this week will be to them a very Berious one. The Opposition want them to introduce the Iron Hand, but they will attempt nothing of the kind. The Reform League office is next to that of a gentleman who is getting up a dramatic performance for the Benevolent Asyluin inmates. On Friday he had a rehearsal- The league held its meeting in Byrne and Vale's rooms, and the members mostly came up to the old office. During the evening the amateurs were m rehearsing " Catching a Conspirator,' - and answering the enquiries of the leaguers. "Now I have thee on the hip," says an embryo Macready. "Is this the Reform League meeting?" a stranger would say.thrustmg in his head. Two members came up while the amateurs were apparently engaged in a hand-to-hand contest. " My goodnesB," said one to the other after listening,- " we'd better not go in, they're fighting like cats. Longmore has some one by the til rout, and I hear Mirams/ thumping Whitelaw with his umbrella." And they cleared out and their votes were lost. '-" Here is a really good story; which has the merns of being true to the letter, and illustrative of-Melbourne life.- A lady wlio lives at the edge of one of-our-parks was seated on her-balcony one day last week watching the gambols of her children who had gone there to play. Presently she saw a very respectable looking man coming along. He was very much the worse of drink, and the children took fright and ran off . home... 1 The .gentleman felt he could not go farther, and be lav down under a tree. and,went off to sleep. -His story after that ..was. the reverse of the narrative of the man who .fell into the hands of thieves when, going down to Jericho. Up to him came a rogue; who seeing he was incapable; took off his-boots.- A second presently^ appeared.'-'-This man lay down by-theside of theanebriate quite 1 lovingly; and relieved him -of his watch and money, •. After he -had left up came a third, who was satisfied with his hat. T wo knights of the road 'aucfceeded; and they endeavoured, but in vain,!to get ;his ; coat off. He had recovered little and resisted When he came to, he had neither boots, hat, or money. The Pirates of Penzance has beenprod need and is a failure. It is a weak -copy of Pinafore, a mere echo Mr James Smith, the gifted leader writer of the J.t qw is still a spiritualist. It now tappears, .from what I see in that extraordinary paper, SJltsJlavliingeroJ Light, that thejproceedings in the Lamont case arose entirely out of a seance which Mr Smith attended, and whereat the mediiimpurpoi'tedtoboinspiredliythe spiritjof.ihe deceasedl,-iwho,feonlfl not\reiit until lie had unveiled these-Mokaonas, Mm Jackson' and Mr M'Geofrge Mr Lament's friends will hardly be pleased to hear, that lie is st ill In what the spiritualists call the "earth plane," like Hamlet's father's ghoBt, " Doomed for » certain term to walk the night,'!, and that he.is unhappy.- He: further avers that evil spirits have taken possession of Mrs Jackson. No doubt, poor ghost'; and their name is " Gold or Sugar." -. " The devil Imth power To assume a pleasing shape." .:.- "Slammon, the least .erected Spirit that fell, • Prom Heaven; for even in Heaven hi. 1 ; looks Were always downward bent; admiring more The riches of Heaven's pavement, trodden gold, ' ' Than -aught divineor holy else enjoyed ?. In Vision Beatific ' There are many -who would like to be possessed by these spirits. But what a mockery is all this. There is great excitement in police Circles over the work of the Commission The Montagues and Capulets were not so divided as the force is between the adhe rents of Superintendents Hare and Nicholson, and one.cannot walft the streets without beingpnlledup bypar-tisans who pour into his-ear tales of dire conspiracies to ruin-their chief. By the time the Com-, mission's work is over, a general clearance of the force may be. ueceBBary. -The twoparties cannot work together.,..,... ; The mustard grower* at Laneefieid have found the cultivation ao profitable that a larger area is to, be sown this year. It is. just the plant, for, Gippsland,.especially the Brandy Creek land and the river, flats* 