LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS, \--:o: PoLtoss-Jonathan Adams was charged on Tuesday with having beeoon drunk and disorderly in Terralong.street on theo 20th instant. Heo pleaded guilty, and was ad. monisheld and disohargeud. John FMurray also nppoeared n a asillalr ohargo, :the place being the Royal ]Iotel, and tile day the 11th inetan., Io pleoaded guilty, and wseo linod 10, with the alternativo of twentyftour hoiurs in the look.up, CiiIN's BIIDmo--It woald Oseeon that the M\unicipa Cirouncil do noet propose to do anything it poresent towards the topairs of Chin's bridge, though tlhey livo offered a reward for th deltection of theso who iniay injurt it further. The brildge in its presenrt eate is an eyesore and a discredit: but the Council seoonus only inxious to khsp it in its itualul oondition, Porlaps the aldormiien will take onurage to mako the neouasary replira when they find theoreward has deterred larrlklns from fur. thor mloclhif for a given timeo--ny seven years. Di, TAnAonr,--Tlho mombc r ir iama paid theo town a flying visit on Wolneasday lst, ariving hy way of ltobertson at abont 2 pm. Thoe Dootor was accompaniedrl by Mr. Humphory, the lateo fre-otradeo candi slita for sthsalhawivsi. t r was nit l)r, 'Tar ralt's risbjectol this occasi',i it give, nas it phrasu r ee s?sit, IsI oC(ceunt of Ilii ttowarl aship On thI e cntrltary, the Iriimary cano? of hlia vihlt tm the liostrict wasn private businces; anrd he loft early yestcrdcy morelg. Hl e Iihad aloulhtedl, we believe, or epsisding rather mere timn than thin in Kinmnn, and making ihinslelf acqluainted bIy Iersonal inspectiosn, with thoe sltteo of nmattr. inr regsrdl to the want of nhipping nhplianncon it the whvtrf, f.A hie wls slunablo, however, toi prolone s Ila b.eIIce frosm i Hyd noy, it ii nieo:saltry, lin thli t ialtter, to silt f[r anotius r 0sp utirtunity, fr which thi in te rminirirhlo dilayn of thli \Vorlks Duloart monet will probably giive Unplo time, P?asnvsun MILKe. -The Omega0 Co. have not, it soeems, entirely suspoended their milk preserving. operations, though tho work is dnly carried on at present in a small way, and under the care of Mr. Martin, who lately occupied a snhardinatoe position at the factory. \We had yesterday an opportunity of tasting a sample recently manufactured thlere, and found it fully equal to anything of the kind that has over comno under our sotico-whethlier of colonial production or imnported. )I'ratOur PIootcu.--The business of the Co- operativo Company, we are glad to learn, has exporiollced a prosperous coolneollce ment in Sydney, nothwithstanding the hos tility of the agents, and a certain amount of unaccounta?bloopposition,ovon intliodiatrict itself. Some dilliculty lias becn experienced by the Sydney staff of the company, ill con sequence of thile neglect of some of its nmnlororus shlippIers to nmake it sulfticiently clear to whom thile kege and other property shipped by them belonged. We have to suggest that persons shipping to the colm pany should do everything in their power to make the manager ticquainted with all particulars relating to themselves and their property, so farias the convenience of trans. acting business may require. Tics result of the inquiry into the circum stances of the late fatal fight at Randwick is that Booth, Dovies, Johnston, Dunno, Wiggins, and Parkas are committed to take their trial for the murder of Koillan. A acruuiw of the owners of the land, and when they purchased, from Homobush to Newcastle on the proposed new railway line would be certainly instructive if nut pleasing to the publio.--Kvenin~qg A'ets. Wlnes the Oxford-etreet tram line is doubled there will be only lift available upon each side of the tramway for the immense number of vehicles which pass through the street, averaging from 2500 to 3000 daily. Man, G. R. Drins gave notice, at yester day's meeting of thie Synod, of his intention to ask the following question i--" If the reports ciroilated through the Press, of the attendance of a clergyman of the diocese at a Ronian Catholic O0hapeol in Melbourne, are true; and (2), if true, has the attention of the Bishop been called thereto, and with what explanation or result l"-Wednesday's Herald. Tce ASTcALIAN SYNOD.--The Synod of the dioooese of Sydney commenuced its sittings yesterday, when there was a large attendance of clergymen and lay repreeen. tativeos of parishes, In the absence of the Bishop of Sydney the opening addross was delivered by the Dean of Sydney, The address was of a very able character, and dealt with a variety of subjects of interest, not only to the membuera of the Churoh of England, but also to the general publio. Tho queetions of publio instruction, larrikin isnf, the marriage laws, temperance, and general Church management were referred to.-Wednesday's Ilerald. Tue Commissioner for railways might, with advantage to the tramiway serviceo bestow ,a benevolent thought upon the firemoen, who certainly do not appear to be very tenderly treated. They are exposed to all sorts of weather, and might therefore be supplied with some protection in tlhe ehapo of overcoats. We are infrmned thau they have to work sevonteen hours on Sundays, and to receive only an ordinary day's Ipay for this double-banking on the day of rest. We also understand that overcoats used to be supplied to these men, but that they were discontinued from the end of last year withoutany pnuid pro pue in pay,-Eseniq eaeus,. SoME little oxcitement (saf thie Goulburn Hlerald) was caused in St, Peter and Paul's Cathedral during the celebration of high nuisa on Sunday last. The Roev. Father Walsh, who was acnoting as master of the ceremonies, in performing his duties came in contact with one of the lighted oandles, which set fire to his surplice, One of the congregation, on perceiving th9 fir, quietly wsalked to. the altar, and, seizing the burn Ing surplice, crushed it in his hand, thus extiaguishing the flames. Father Walsh retired to the sacoristy, changed his vest. mont, and returning .proceeded with his duties, A VERY silly rumour got about to the effect that. the Queen suddenly changed her. mind as to crossing from Portsmouth to the Isle of Wight in tlie Alborta, and went on .board the Enohlhntresa instead, because it was rsported that a bomb had been secreted in the coal.bunkers of the former vessel, To prove the fot ttie Alberta was sent on a four hours' trip to soea at full spoed to consume all her coal, so that if the bomb had begn in the coal bunkers it would havd blown up tlihe veasol and all on board,' How much better would it haove been to have searched for the di etrautive mnissile amongst the coale, and. thus have saved the risk to human lifo and the coet as well,.--IIomeNe, . A PAIr or BAuxtcLs,-The aestom of naming horses after statesmen, Warriors, acid othlier eminent personages often obo'ea an amusing association, Even ecoleslastios are riot exempt from honour in this 'direo tion, With a total disregard for sectarian considerations, the owner of a couple of the linest horses in Sydney has tried the eipori menst of naming them "Vaughan'" and " lcoOuvon," aid it is remarked how well they pull together in one of the handsomost carriages soon lt our streets It ls'generally thuSght that" Vrauglaun ' has the beoat looking head, but anyhow it cannot be do. nlod that they are a pair of beautiaes,-Zig Zag paperas,. 'PTun OrrmoeAt Vi's?r ro .one No'?,? Sir John Robertson and Mr, Lackey ior rived at ''rlal Bay by . the govoredtibnt stoamOr AjaRt on Wednesday aftopponi, After Ieing weoloomed and prosonteswith an address, they resumed their voj'age to d.raftoem, and roached Olaronce livor lHeads beforoe:dayliglht, A recoption com mittoo recolived the ministers ten miles Up the river, and presented an address of welcome, to which Sir J. lIohortoon and IMr. Lacky replied. Mr Lackey eanid the Governnment intended to qonstruct a rail way from tho Olaronce to the New England table land, anrd they wtlro only waiting for tihe report of the surveyore, now ongaged in finding the boat route. The Ministere had an onthusiastio oeception at Grafton, Sir John Robertson laid the foundation stone of the PuhliE School on Friday.afternoon and thb day was observed as a genoral holiday. . . T?n, LENcIcnzOLTriuAnR.-We learn tha~t the Hon Sir, Jobie lohortson, Vile-Presl dent of the Excoutive Council, hs grantedl to the trustoees of the Free Publio Library the ieo of the iron building in Macquarle street, formerly used as St. Staphon'n Church, for carrying on the workl if the Loellng Branch until enoch time as tihe noew llbrary can hbe built, The buildilngl h! hoon occupied iinco it was taltoen by tihe Governlnuct, by Meosara, Friedman and Lnorking, mantufaoturers of clothing t their l!als of thie plromisce would inot explire ini till thie eid of Auigust, but, in the intorontll of thie FIreo Library, thie meubhors of the firn coniontod to compnly with thie wishce nf thie Government, and have already given ip plsncasisn. ]lbolrrowere .from the It leary uwi0 he glad toleurn thatins, tructlons hrov heetn riven to the Colonial Architect to make Ihe necessary alterations without ddaiy, ' The removal of the books will pro bably begin on the u.t July,llcratld. IT hass been decided to move the ofilioe ,f the Mining Depar'tmoet to the Gairden Palace. Tes Govornment have issued invitations to their Parliamenetary friends to attend a banquet they intend giving on the eve of Parliamoent being opened. At the late distriot court at Newcastle Judge Dowling declared that he believed ninoty nine out of every hundred bills of sale granted in New South VWales are robberies and shanms, and that the longer he lived the mnore he becanme convinced of thle fact. AN old 'Scotchlnan attributes the dis appearence of ghosts from the Scottish moors to the custom of tea-drinking at social meetings. It requires Scotch vlwhisky on tile top of old ale to enable a man to see a ghost really worth talking about. IN the Banco Oourt, yesterday, the argumeits is re Dibbs1 insolvency appeal, were concluded. Their Honors reserved the delivery of their judgments to thlis morning. The terms of the aeoulo to the Privy Council in Daniel v. Wallace, were settled, In the Divorce Court, Mr. Justice Windeyer granted decrees nsia iiin Hawdon v. lHawdos, and Butler v. Butler. We learn from the papers that'tlhe census returns show the total population of Now Zealand to be 489,561, or nearly half a million all told, leaving. out Maoiris and Chineseo. There are 303 distinct industries being followed, but comparatively few of a reproductive charactor. One-third of the wmlle adult population are clerhs, school teachers, constablus, Governmentemployoes, and others belonging to the. non-producing classes.--lHerald. A OALL of hair. weighing four pounds, was taken from the piaunch of a sow killed at the establishment of Mr, W. 'Mills, Au burn.street, on Thursday last. The ani. mal, previous to its having been killed, ap peared to have suffered no inconvenience. Such an incident as this often occurs with cattle, but with swine we believe it to be a rare case. Mr, Mill's exhibits the hair ball, which is kidney-shaped and quite solid. Goulbui,'n ilHerald.t, TaE following important telegram has been received from Linetant-commanding Kingi of H, M, schoonorRenard :--" Glad stone tells me that the leader of the party which murdered Lieut. Bower and boat's crew of H, M?. S. Sandly has been executed on the site of the mnurder in prgsonce of a hundred natives i that the other murderers had escaped into the bush, but that the chief's son was hold as hostage for their cap ture. Since then another native, named Utomioati,has beeh caulght, who is the. man who actually murdared Lieutenant Bower; he, too, will be executed on the sight of the murder Lieutenant Bowers' skull, watch, and most of the arms have'.boon recovered, and are now on their. Way fo!8ydney." RALVwAY, G.oinaaust TO CoOlItA-We (Goulbrum Herald) learn that surveyors ave been despatched from Sydney, and will 'immediately commence operations near Goulburn upon the final survey for the.Coomarailway. When the surveoy, is completed from Goulburn to Queanbeyan, this length will be hroclaimed before pro ceeding further, in order to enable the Go vernment the more speedily to call for tenders. It is understood thatiin the con struction of the newly sanctioned railways every andeavour will be made to avoid un due preference to any particular districts, for it is proposed to proceed as far as prao ticable simnultaneously sith the different routes, The plans and book of referensce for the Cooma railway, it is expected, will be laid before Parliament four months hence. . Tue M?IAT FnEzNao. CoaNPscy.- Se understand that the movemiient for' the es tablishmenof the Goulburn slaughtering and meat-freezing comnpaiy is going on favourably; as shares: to the number 01500 have been taken up or promised, • It has been decided niotto commence operations till the full amount of capital considered necessary (£t0,000)'has been subscribed'; and in order.to enlist support from a wide field, a deputation will be sent to the various towns in the surrounding distriute, as Crookwell,' Moss Vale, Braidwood, Queanboyan, Yass, Cooma, Wagga Wagga, ,eo., to e aplain the oljects of the move mon( and give information. Mr, P. G. Myers is now in Sydney bbtaining further information with regard to the ammonia process, and on his return, early next weeks, the deputation' will commence its work,- Goulbuiri Hlicald. TRAnwAY, Moss 'VArL e tO ROEIInR0on -On Tuesday last a fairly attended meeting was held in Mr. oullen's hall, M?oss Vale, for the purpose of urging upon the govern ment.the nedcessity of constructing a line of tramway fromni Moss Vale to Rohertson. O. L, Nicholson, Esq., J.P., ooocuplod.thlo chair. A draft petition being'rad, Mr. 0. O. Gale moved-- ' T'hat the petition just read be adopted ; aid that Mesars. O. L. $ioholeon, Ji Ai.'Badgery, N. H, Throsby, R., P, Rclhardson, J. V, Hanrahans, ItR, K, Hall, Joihn Cullen, I, Ponder, W. Morrice, imnd the mover, foinrm a committee to Ihave the petition signed and transmitted' to the minlister," Mr, Wi Morerio seconded the motion which was carried. A subhoription list was opened to defray prelilmninary expoenses, As soon no sufficient signaturoes are obtelned, the petibtion will be ipresented by a strong doputation.-Sorautineer. AT the Marhlo Boarti mootingyetarday, there wore present Captains lixson (prcsi. dent) M'Lfoan, Jenkins and Robertson, and Oommatnder Lindloman (secretary.) Cap tain Bacho, mrarnter of the stmranded vessel Queeoon of Nations, appeared in answer to a aumnmons for hina. to ahlow canuse 'lwhy hli certificato should nbt be eusponded or can coblled on account of his negligeonce, lwhore. by the Board considerod thesatrandlng to have occurod, Hle statted that lle hald not had tune to prepare his defence, nd thalt the lawyers to whlom 'hle ohad applied wers unable at so short a notics to master tihe circumstances of the ease, Ho therefore applied for a postponomont, and the Board grantdd one uhtil 10 a. m. on T'hursdtlay nexts This was all the bnasins ofp iblld intrdeit transaoted.-TPtusdadl's I1erald, TIal BotANY. DA?m.-Altlhough mhny copious showere of raisn have fallen lateoly, and the rainfall registered In thie viotliity of the metropolls dulring the., pronent year amoullts to 2?7 inches, there is still nio ap. preoolable diffrtoene in the level of the vwater supply at thle Botany datas, No dloubt the sandhalilla hlave taknltoi' in the water litke a spongo, and the ontoreo vailable will, with tho presen teconomic atrrangoeunts, last until aspring. lefore the hills are Isuficiontly anurolhargeod with water and the danie filled to ovorllowlng, a dovwnthll of raln to the ex tenot of 50tin,. In noossary, and it imay theore fore be two or threooe enaollS before lho dlnas are 'a fil' aset they woro two years ago. Tuhe citizons resonloded to the call Inmado uipon them some' tine agob for ntrict economty, as the following si atntiatotttcn nalow: -I'rior tb Dociombr last the wooltly cois n ?tilton 'wasou fromn 33 to Is mtillutn galloust attthe end of last aisniaor it dooreased to 28 illlion gallons, tuntd at reset itat it is 21 miillions, owing to thie system of nall-watur lig Iheo astresot, If the consnumption In ia ktit dtivt tn to this rate for a few ndoriths, it In piroballo that in summer llthe inreaseoud doe imand for watr otr will be tot-WYlluoditlsay's hv'oniaig nAclps, Two GOLD'?ME.LAs awarded Ameron W\olthanjt h - ly moc lwalrd to eoxl MeitisFY~hc bition, ]880. All genuine \WalthamW hes have the trade mark " Waltham, Mass.," engraved on the plato of the Watch.-Auv; Tire Geomlburn Hlerald reports that on Friday last a young man named Fredrick Thomas Maidment, son of Thomas Maid ment, settler at Invorlochliy, was killed by his horsb'Tfalling on him while attempting to jump a fence. Death occured in lass than an hour after theofall. CoALh r'ton[ ,JOInrN'S C(oossIco -The Mitessra. hker Brothers (says the Goulbtrni Herald) have opened a coal mine at Bun danoon Creek, near Jordan's Crossinit. A truckloadl contair.ing five tons has been received by Mr. Jalmes Cliffrd, and. was on Friday last distributed amongst various establishments in Goulburn for trial. In a furnace it was found to be a good strong coal, burning wiell, but Jle:ving a large quantityi of ash--what erigixeers call a dirty coal-.vhichi is nhojectioahle for eteamuig purposes. In an open fire place, ilixed with wood, as is a common practice here, it burned well and gave a gredt helat, but splintered and left moll deposit. The proprietors are in a position to supply the artiole in quantity at a cheap rate. :The figure at which it could be delivered in Gonlburn is i8s per ton ; but if it should find favour with the public it is intended to lay down a tramway to a eiding near Jordan's Croissing, a distance of a inlb and mid a half from the mine, and then the coal could be delivered in Goulburn at 15is per ton. The seam of coal is three feet six inches thick and the deposit is of largeo extent. As the price of the Lithgow Valley coal is 28sper ton, there will, upon account af.the great difference in cost, pro. lably be a disposition to give the new pro duct a fair trial. 