In all communities where parlia raentary government prevails th Opposition has duties incumbent o it as well as the Ministry, withoii the observance of which constit* tional government would be an in possibility. No rule is more deary defined than this—that the Ministy who carries a Reform Bill is faiiy entitled to a certain tenure for tje purpose of launching and initiatig that reform. If- would be mai festly unjust to hand over the bw constitutional offspring to the teller mercies of those who have doni'all in their power to strangle it./ It would be un-English to denjjthe promoters of the measure faiiplay —to do all for the measure t its inception that can be done i>r it. It is the Ministry upon wloa the responsibility lies, not the Oppo sition. Had the Oppositic upset the Ministry on the ServiceReform Bill, or any other reform all, the Liberal party must have retired from the Treasury benchs. And why ? In order to give te Oppo sition an opportunity of inaugu rating its Reform Bill uder the most favorable auspices. The Re form Bill of the Ministrys now to all intents and purposes ie law of the land; it passed t’s Upper House, and received thi endorse ment of the public as th best pos sible under present circmstances. A breach, at any rate,has been made in the outworks f political monopoly. Rome was nt built in a day, and we have th best evi dence that it is not tooe unbuilt in a day. All minor ad personal matters should therefonslumber in the meantime. A timefor retalia tion will, present itself -.to every man who knows how to wait. 1 his, however, is not the time for the 30-called leaders of the people and quondam friends to wash their dirty linen. No one knows better than Mr Berry himself that, he has already enjoyed the average tenure of premiership quite as long as any American president is entitled to • and on personal grounds neither he nor his Cabinet make any ckim whatever to a prolongation of office. But no other party m the House is in a position to do as much good for the country at the present junc ture. In Great Britain the Whig party who brought in the Constitu tion of 1688 enjoyed an official tenure of no less than eighty years. They had always been opposed to the Stuarts, and they had been mainly instrumental in conducting the negotiations which brought Wil liam of Orange to the throne. In the long fierce struggle by which the change of dynasty had been earned the Whigs suffered much at first, but were ultimately victors. The old traditions had been trampled on, the old religion proscribed, roy alty dethroned, and discontent, with -ecasional outbursts of anarchy, revailed throughout the land the ation therefore wisely committed be consolidation of society to the iarty who had been most conspicu us in bringing about the changes, 'hat party was the Whigs, and the ountry gave them a lease of nearly century to do it in. Or take the ist Disraeli Government j its seven ears’ tenure was the compliment f household suffrage carried by the Conservatives under Lord Beacons ield. During that period vast meliorations were obtained for the □asses ; the combination laws were ntirely remodelled and excised of >enalties; the Workmen’s Dwel in"s Bill was carried, and its work n ° details initiated, by Disraeli limself. The subjection of capital o salutary Governmental surveil ance was another result of the ex ended suffrage. The people of England did not entrust the legis ation consequent upon household uffrage to the Whig3, who had >pposed it, but to the Conservatives, vho had carried it. In short, no vhere can we find precedent for iuch a step as that taken by Sir 3ryan O’Loghlen. It is not only mparalleled, but altogether un mown to history. “The figures are up ! ” The game is up, and once more in the history of this young country shameless trickery has prevailed for a time—but a short time only let us hope. We would rather that the history of the past week should remain unwritten, for it is a page that must cause all Vic torians, now and henceforth, to hide their faces for very shame and regret. There are coalitions and coalitions, and we sincerely believe that men of all shades of opinions and politics will agree that the audacious coalition that ousted the Ministry yesterday morning will be for over lamented hy Liberal and Conservative alike as the most unparalleled, brazen-faced proceeding that ever disgraced parliamentary Government. Indeed, so much and so rudely have all our preconceived ideas of government of the people by the people been shaken and violated by the meanness and despicable trea chery of a section of their representa tives, that we are inclined to believe that despotism in honest able hands, and tempered as it invariably is with assassination, is preferable^to popular representation, with its apparently in separable accompaniments of self-seek ing and heartless treachery, in which the people are ever the victims. The doings of the past few days are so well known that they do not require recapitulation, but a glance at the con duct of the miserable wire-pullers behind the scenes, which culminated in the Opposition winning a white elephant, may enlighten the electors as to the manner in which they are served by plausible scoundrels who make promises to the ear and break them to the hope. When Mr Berry was called on a year ago to form a Ministry, after the defeat of Mr Ser vice, he—profiting no doubt by past experience—wisely resolved to leave out irreconcilable trading politicians, who live by dissension, and endeavor to raise the colony from the depressed commercial condition into which it had fallen, by taking earnest, honest, capable men into his counsel. But the position was a difficult one, and the task by no means easy. Parties were so arranged that, in order to hold the reins of power, the selection could not be made solely for the' qualities mentioned, and as a consequence the Cabinet was not all that could be desired. Some refused to unite to carry out a satisfactory solution of the questions agitating the country unless concessions that no Ministry, however powerful, could grant and live were made ; self-satisfied politicians pressed their personal interests or ambition before the welfare of their constituents, and envious, rejected agitators deter mined that unless they were included there should be no peace. In the face of these manifold difficulties and draw backs the Administration took office, but no sooner had they met the House than the heartless parasites of political life put their heads together and com menced the undermining work of in trigue, obstruction, and abuse. Night after night business was delayed by bogus motions while the plot ripened, and the Opposition, whose legitimate function it is to thwart and oust the Ministry, used the willing but worth less tools. However, so great was the administrative ability of the new blood infused, that golden opinions were wruug from bitter opponents, and after ten months’ fighting against open enemy and false friend the finances were placed in a flourishing condition, commerce was eased from absurd and irritating red-tapeism, the unemployed difficulty satisfactorily dealt with, great savings effected, busi ness principles enforced, and a large moiety of long-fought-for reform se cured. And, all this being done, the Ministry was met by a no confidence motion! The blundering baronet— who sought to increase the public ex penditure, and who abhors men who 5ould not subsidise their own rela ves as much as he abhors fair dealing and brains—was joined by envious office-hunters, and leaguing with the Opposition — always determined to upset a Ministry at any price and all hazards—the infamous resolution con demned by all men was affirmed, and the prosperity of the community sacri ficed to greed and faction. The usages of war provide that a man may destroy an enemy, therefore the action of the Opposition, however much it may be regretted at the present time, was justifiable according to the political code • but the most ruthless savages would never slay their friends, and the Ministry was foully murdered by creatures claiming to be friends. No language can fully describe the vile treachery of a Longmore or a Mirams, who offered themselves for a reward which public vengeance will never allow them to reap ; who poisoned and betrayed, and then with a vote (a Judas kiss), which they think may save them from the consequences of their conduct _rendered doubly despicable by cower ing cowardice—try to throw dust in the eyes of those who trusted them. A protracted Cabinet meeting was held yesterday afternoon, all the Ministers being present. It was unanimously agreed that His Excellency the Governor should be advised to grant a dissolution. A memo randum was drawn np, and it will be pre sented to His Excellency by Mr Berry this morning, when an answer is expected. The result will be posted at our office this evening. Should a dissolution of Parliament be re fused by the Governor, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen will be sent for by His Excellency, and the task of forming a Ministry entrusted to him. The new team will be essentially Homan Catholic, consisting of Sir Bryan, Sir John O’Shanassy, Messrs Bolton’ Brophy, Graves, Grant, Longmore and Cooper. In the event of Sir Bryan O’Loghlen being called on to form ' or join a combined Ministry, be will be opposed by the Hon, R. Reid, at present representing the Govern ment in the Upper House. The Government, in the event of being compelled to resign, will pass both the Appropriation and Supply Bills on Tuesday. A prominent Conservative has openly stated that if members of both the Chamber of Commerce and the Exchange were polled, a majority of two to one would be found in favour of the Ministry. For Monday evening a large number of public meetings are called throughout the country in support of the Ministry. A gentleman on a short visit to the colony from England—and who has himself been a candidate for parliamentary honors in the mother country—happened to be in the big house at the top of Bourke street during the time that M'r Murray Smith summed up for his side, and also when Mr Berry replied, on the no- confidence motion. The stranger was so carried away with the Chief Secretary’s logic that after the division was over and the figures up, he asked to be allowed to shake hands with Mr Berry. “I have ad mired the colony during my stay,” he re marked," and now I admire its great leader, and will take that speech home with me as a specimen of simply grand eloquence and statesmanship.” Mr Graves, the member for Delatite, who by his vacillation and trimming in politics has earned the characteristic cognomen of Slippery Jim, has been guilty of consistency for nearly a week. On Tuesday night ho addressed the House, or rather read a heap of extracts, which he said were so many precedents in favor of Sir Bryan O’Loghlen’s motion, and members behind the Ministry were hopeful, as they agreed that his speak ing for the motion was the best possible proof to be had that he would vote againBt it. They were prepared to laugh, but the laugh did not come off, for J. Holding Graves scented something his soul longed for, and contrary to all past performances, actually spoke and acted in ono direction. Who will say there is no redemption when such a veritable trickster, who has twisted so often that he doesn’t know his mental whereabouts, can be true from Tuesday evening to Friday morning without so much as a hitch, or for all people know turning a hare. Verily the sinner may turn from his ways and sin no more ; but if he does, the bunch of carrots must be held hard up to hi3 nose. Eight births and one death at Williams town, and four births and one death at Footscray were registered during the week ending June ISth. The Harbor Trust calls for tenders for the occupation of eight subdivisions of the new north wharf at Footscray. The concert given at the Royal Hall on Friday week to celebrate the anniversary of the Rose of Yarraville lodge was a great musical success. Members of the Footscray branch of the Reform League are urgently requested to meet at the Mechanics' Institute on Monday evening at eight o’clock. The voters’ roll for the municipalities of Williamstown, Footscray, and Braybrook, will be open for inspection at the various local chambers, and other places appointed for'that purpose until Thursday next. H.M.S. Victoria will leave the Queen’s Wharf on Thursday next at eleven a.m., for the purpose of conveying those members of both Houses of Parliament who desire to visit the ships of the fleet. The Williamstown Council desiring that the Beach road should be completed, have written to the Penal department asking that a gang of prisoners should be sent to go on with the work. After undergoing an overhaul and being painted, the Italian transport Europa was floated out of the Alfred Graving Dock on Wednesday. It is uncertain up to • the present time whether H.M.S. Bacchante will go into dock here or not. The vessel’s rudder is being repaired by Messrs Johnston and Co., of the Tyne Foundry, YaHa Bank. The R.M.S. Cathay leaves with the home mails on Tuesday next. The Wil liamstown office will close as follows ':—For money orders, 2.30 p.m. on Monday, 4th inst. ; for registered letters, 2.30 p.m. on same date ; ordinary letters, packets, and newspapers, 8 p.m. on same date. At the Footscray office registered letters and money orders will be received up to 2 p.m. on Monday, 4th inst., ordinary letters and newspapers 8 p.m. on on same date The Secretary of the Union Football Club informs us that the result of the recent match between that club and the Star of Yarraville, second twenty, has been erro neously stated, and should be Union.2 goals 5 behinds against 1 goal S behinds obtained by the Star, and that the latter had twenty threo players, amongst them several of the first twenty. The Rev. H. F. Scott and Mr E. R. Warne have boen nominated for the vacancy in the Footscray Board of Advice, and an election will bo held at the Town Hall on Saturday next. Mr Warne has already served a term of office and proved himself an energetic and painstaking member, so that there is no reason for a change, especially as Mr Scott has more than once declared himself opposed to the Education Act, and is one of those who would like to intro duce the leaven of sectarianism into the system. With a view of making the South channol available for large steamers at night the Commissioner of Customs has given in structions that when the Pile Light now iu course of construction in the West channel is completed, tho present light house is to bo removed to the entrance of the South channel, and the power of the present upper light to be greatly increased. When these proposed alterations are com pleted tho colony may fairly congratulate itself upon having ono of tho best lighted channels in the world. The Yarraville' State school was the scene of much interest on Monday last, when about forty-five valuable prizes were dis tributed among the most deserving pupils. Mr Cumming in the kindest manner sent a donation of £3 during the Christmas holi days, for the purpose of purchasing prizes for the pupils of this school, and. this, together with some more from other sources, has been the means of producing most desirable results. At the conclusion volun tary and hearty cheers were given by the pupils for Mr Cumming, The anniversary dinner of the Amalga mated Society of Engineers will be held in the Mechanics’ Institute, Williamstown, on Friday next. A large attendance is ex pected. Mr R. Roberts, of Footscray, contractor, has been missing from his home since Wed nesday. Grave fears are entertained for his J. C. Johnson, Esq., being naturally anxious to see the practical test . of the repairs done by his firm to the Sorata, has gone round with her on-the trial trip to Sydney. He is accompanied by his wife and daughter, the former being in a delicate state of health. Mr Halley proposes to-morrow to deliver the first of a course of lectures on the New Testament in connection with the recent re vision. The new edition was published in Melbourne on Thursday afternoon, just six weeks after it appeared in London. A tug-of-war took place on Tuesday at the Melbourne Cricket ground between a picked crew from the men-of-war lying in the bay and the Naval Reserve team. Our colonial champions pulled Hor Majesty’s bine jackets to pieces, who had not a ghost of show. Strenuous efforts are being made by the brethern of the Loyal Orange institution in Yarraville and Footscray to make the anniversary ball of the Aughrim lodge, which takes place at the Royal Hall on the 12th inst, a complete success. The half yearly meeting of the above lodge will be held on Thursday next. Joseph Smith and Ann Challoner, two old offenders, were arrested on warrant at Yarra ville on Thursday by Constables Cook and Rosengrave for the larceny of a quantity of wearing apparel from various clothes-lines in the district. Upon Smith’s house being searched a youth named Frederick Anderson, who recently escaped from the Industrial Schools, was found concealed, wearing a coat identified as belonging to a man named Barker. The three prisoners were brought before the Footscray magistrates yesterday, and remanded till Tuesday next. Mr J. M. Barr, member for Maryborough, met with a nasty accident on Thursday evening that necessitated his “ pairing ” and being absent during the division on the no confidence motion. He was going down stairs from the library during the refresh ment hour, when he tripped and fell forward, injuring his shoulder and nose. Luckily the injuries were not serious as to prevent his proceeding to his rooms, and after a night’s rest ho was able to return home to Majorca. Master Fred. W. Paton, a youth of four teen, and son of N. Paton (Paton Bros.) Nelson place, was one of the successful candidates at the recent Civil Service examination. Master Paton was also a candidate for Matriculation honors, and pas'sed in all the subjects except Latin. Great credit is due to the young man, and also to Mr Palmer of the Central State school, under whose intelligent coaching he was in six months able to carry of such honors. It will be seen from our advertising columns that a meeting of those interested in testing whether a coal seam exists in the vicinity of Footscray and Williamstown, is convened for Monday evening next at the Steampacket Hotel, Williamstown. Mr A. T. Clark will be present, and will detail whatever information he has gathered, when it will be seen what prospect there is of test ing the matter and placing it beyond a doubt. We understand that should a com pany be formed and a diamond drill pur chased and the ground thoroughly tested, the Mining Department will give a gua rantee to take back the •drill at the amount paid for it by the promoters on the conclu sion of the company’s operations. Following the hackneyed course of toady ism now being pursued by other gushingly loyal bodies the Williamstown Council has appointed a committee of three to prepare an address to be presented to the royal middies. Councillor Thwaite suggested that it should be accompanied by a plan of Sir John Coode’s mud shoot, but the joke has to be thought over. It is said that Nattie Yallock is going to send an invitation by the boys for their parents to come over and spend a month in that delightful and fashion able retreat. By the new postal arrangements intro duced by the Hon. G. D. Langridge, under which, new contracts have been accepted for the inland mail service, it is believed that £24,000 will be saved annually. Steps have also been taken for extending the money order system to India, Hong Kong, Ger many, the United States, Canada, and the Cape of Good Hope ; and a definite proposal has been submitted to the Governments of the adjoining colonies with a view to Australia entering into the universal postal union. To induce the more general registra tion of letters, Mr Langridge has caused the fee to be reduced from 6d to 4d, and stamped envelopes for that purpose have been prepared by the Department, which can be purchased singly or by the dozen in the same way as postal cards. Improvements at the Yarraville railway Btation are being rapidly proceeded with, and in a few days will be completed. In stead of the disgraceful dog’s kennel, called a ticket office, a nice, commodious weather board room has been erected, and the plat form on the western side has been widened so as to preclude the imminent danger that formerly existed of persons being pushed off the narrow plank that did duty as a plat form, to fall beneath the carriage wheels. Mr W. M. Clark has also obtained a promise that gas will be laid on at the station. The residents of Footscray were some what surprised yesterday morning to find, instead of the familiar cry of " Post ” in front of their houses, there was a sharp rat tat at the doors, and letters were handed in by departmental officers in smart scarlet coats. ' The hon. Post-master General de serves great credit for his punctuality in carrying out the wishes of the people in granting the facilites for postal communi cation enjoyed by other suburban districts, and no doubt when the men get into the work and become acquainted with the topography of the borough, which has many drawbacks to rapid delivery, the many advantages will be fully recognised and ap preciated. Looking back over the past two years it must be admitted that the accommo dation at railway stations, and by rail, in schools, post offices, and water supply, have made rapid strides and been well attended to. Our readers are reminded that the-concerts and gift distribution of the Williamstown Cricket Club will take place on Wednesday and Thursday evenings, July 6 and 7. The prizes, of which many are really first class, are on view in Mr Douglas’ window, and a glance at the programme will show that the entertainments for each evening will be of a high order. The concert will be in itself a treat, which ought not to be missed, as several artists of note will perform. On the second evening a theatrical performance will be given by the Bohemians, which will eclipse anything of the kind yet attempted in the town. Members are reminded by advertisement that all unsold tickets must be returned on the evening of the 5th at the Mechanics’ Institute. The opening game of the Footscray Quoit Club took place at the ground of the club at the rear of the Court House hotel, between two teams chosen from members only, with H. Gardner and J. Williams captains. The weather was fine, and the rinks in good order. The games were well contested, as the compasses were often called for to measure some very fine shots. The greatest excitement in the match was between Mr D. Griffiths and Mr G. Johnstone, as both showed very good play, which resulted in Mr Griffiths winning by one shot only. The game will be resumed to-day, after which a “spread” will be provided by Mrs Fernandez at the Court House hotel. Councillor Hopkins ■wishes a board to be stuck at Newport cautioning people against quarrying in that neighbourhood, but the Town Clerk is of opinion that the action would bo. supplying some one thereabouts with firewood, as the board and notice would be pullod down and used for boiling a billy. Cold quarters round there, but “ThatMair” says it will be hot in August. Mr Waycott, jeweller, 'Williamstown, who has removed to the premises lately occupied by Kelly, hairdresser, has now on view a gold medal made to the order of the Williamstown Cricket club, and won by R. Grubb for the best batting average in the second eleven. The much needed extra trains between Melbourne and Footscray were started yesterday, and will continue until further notice. They will leave Spencer street at 3.40, 9.50, and 11.15 p.m., and Footscray at 4, 6.10, and 11.37, thus giving three ad ditional trains each way, If Mr Patterson will run another train from Melbourne on Sunday evenings, r- . ike the last train a little later, the conca.'- would be complete, and a great boon to travellers. A go-as-you-please driving match took place on Monday, between Mr Geo. Hill and Mr Horsley, of Williamstown, for £20 a side. The parties left Mr Thwaitc’s Court House hotel at nine o’clock in the morning for Little River, a distance of. twenty-eight miles, each driving his own horse and buggy, and kept together for a time, but ultimately Mr Horsley drew away, and made the out post at 11.35, or ten minutes ahead of his opponent. After refreshing man and beast the former left on his return journey at one o’clock, and reached the winning-post after a drive of two hours and twelve minutes. Mr Hill followed from Little River eighteen minutes later, but failing to' put in an appearance at the goal a search party went out and rotumed towards dusk, and up to tlie present time, although ‘ ‘ George ” has been seen frequently,' the horse and trap hnve not arrived in front of Thwaite's.' HI natured people say they were taken home by a back passage, and that a protest has been entered against the winner of tlie stakes. The Apollo Candle Company have taken steps to establish a mutual assistance fund among their employes at the Footscray factory, that might be imitated by all large employers of labor with honor and credit to themselves. This little Friendly Society, for such it may be called, is for tho benefit and assistance of men who may sustain injury through accident whilst following their avocations at the works, and is managed by a committee of three, one being appointed by the company, and two by the employes. It is not compulsory that the men should subscribe to the fund, but those who refuse to avail themselves of tlie golden opportunity of being secured against the want and poverty that so often oppress the unfortunate sick, whose existence depends on the labor of their hands, will not par ticipate in the benefits should they become victims of some unlucky accident. Owing to the thoughtful generosity of the company in subscribing to the accident fund the amount of subscription is so trival that it is within the reach of all to become members, and we hope to hear of the movement being taken up by other factories, here and else where, as it is one well worthy of boing copied by employes and employed. 