LADIES' NEWS-LETTER. [BY A LADY.] London, November 4. Report is busy with the name of the ex- Empress of the French, who it says, is about to marry an English nobleman. Some go so far as to mention the Duke of West- minster as the probable bridegroom. The Duchess, his wife, had not been dead six months when rumor pointed to her probable successor. The late Duchess of Westminster was universally beloved and regretted, and sincerely deplored by her husband. It there- fore seems an incredible thing that the story should have any foundation of truth, more especially as we read that the ex-Empress' hair has become perfectly white through grief; and instead of an expectant bride, one is more inclined to regard Her Majesty as a deeply afflicted woman who will go down sorrowing to the grave. Not long since the late Empress paid a visit to the Tuil- leries, and inspected the apartments once in the occupation of her unfortunate son. The grief she manifested on this occasion was, it is said excessive, and the memories of other losses must have added poignancy to the bitter sense of parental bereavement. In the Villa Eugénie at Biarritz, the room that belonged exclusively to the Prince Im- perial when a boy of twelve years betrays many signs of its former juvenile inhabi- tant. The writing-table exhibits blotches of ink, and in a bookcase there is a memo- randum written by the late Emperor con- taining minute directions to the bonne who took charge of the little prince during an expedition to Pau Chiendere. The favorite residence of her late Grace of Westminster, has, I hear, been sold to the proprietor of the Daily Telegraph, Mr. Levy Lawson. "The truth about ghosts." Under this heading the Daily Telegraph for some weeks past has permitted its correspondents to air their opinions on the subject of spectral phenomena, in support or denial of the existence of which endless contributions have been forthcoming. Scientists have looked up rebutting evidence, but in most cases have failed to convince those who maintain the belief in supernatural appear- ances on the testimony of sight. "I have seen, therefore I believe." Some few refuse to entertain any belief in ghosts, even upon that convincing assurance, and talk of optical delusions, and so on. I never saw a spirit myself, and I have no settled conviction as to the existence or non-existence of spectral phenomena, but once in my life a very singular oc- currence happened, that has never been reasonably accounted for. I don't pretend to understand or explain the matter; I shall only relate the facts, which are strictly veracious, without the addition of a single circumstance to heighten the effect of my story. As I am quite unknown to my readers I have not thought it neces- sary to suppress any of the incidents. Were it at all likely I should ever be thrown into contact with any one of my correspondents the following relation would be in the worst possible taste; as it is I withhold nothing:—In the days to which my story carries me back I was in my premiere jeunesse, a happy thoughtless girl of seventeen, full of fun, absolutely free from care, and without any belief in the super- natural whatever. As a proof of my fearlessness, I had previously won a bet that I dare not at the witching hour of midnight walk twice round a church yard that joined a friend's grounds, I being a visitor at his house. Having ac- quitted myself in this trial of the nerves with honor, I think I shall be accredited with a certain amount of courage, and prove that I was not a person likely to conjure up fancies on the subject of super- natural manifestation at any subsequent time. Among the many friends who visited my home was a gentleman I had known from childhood. He was much older than myself, and for him I never had entertained the least sentimental regard whatever. Of this he was quite aware, though it was understood by my relatives that his visits to our home were chiefly on my account. I felt flattered by the un- remitting attention he offered to me, as most young and thoughtless girls would be, but never once had I a serious thought as to any future matrimonial result whatever. I lived for the day only, but if the suit had once been urged upon me I am sure I should have met it with unqualified and absolute denial. So things went on. The gentleman, who to simplify relation I will call S., had not strong health; but no one ever spoke of his occasional attacks of indisposition as likely to prove dangerous, least of all fatal; while I—my ignorance of the grim destroyer was almost as great as that of the "little" cottage girl" men- tioned in Wordsworth's charming poem "We are Seven," "A simple child That lightly draws its breath, That feels its life in every limb, What should it know of death?" The young cannot grasp the idea of mortality, and I was young. One day passed, and then another, and the books and fruit, &c.;, which S. brought almost daily, came by the hand of a servant, and then I knew he was suffering from one of the attacks referred to before. We had grown quite used to their recur- rence, and felt no doubt that as before in a few days S. would be with us again. My brother, who used to shoot with him, received a message to the effect that his friend wished him to beat some game pre- serves at a little distance, and S. sent his favorite spaniel to assist the sportsman. Returning heavily laden with game my brother suggested that I should write a note and send part of his bag to S., which I did—a carelessly worded letter, with just a passing expression of regret for his in- disposition, that was all. My sister was away at the time, and I slept in a wing of the house that was otherwise unoccupied, my brother and the servants having apart- ments in an opposite wing. I will mention that I was in perfect health at this time and in the best of spirits, without a single apprehension of any kind to dis- turb my mind or give occasion for alarm; and I can say positively that after the dispatch of my missive all thought of S. was completely vanished. I must have been asleep a long time, when at some sound I suddenly awoke. What it was I do not know, but I started up in bed and listened. Knowing my brother occasionally suffered from toothache, and at such times was in the habit of coming to me for a tincture I had, I at once supposed it was he at my door. I opened it, but the most perfect silence reigned outside and everywhere. I returned to bed, thinking I had been dreaming, and was lying wide awake, when again I was conscious of some call; I did not recognise my name, nor any voice, nothing but the sense of an urgent sum- mons. I wrapped my dressing-gown round me, and not doubting it was my brother who wanted me I seized the tincture, and without waiting for a light I hurried along the well-known corridors The hush of night was, however, still unbroken by any sound. I tried my brother's bedroom door, and to my surprise found it fastened. I shook it, and demanded an explanation. A sleepy voice bade me go back, and not come disturbing sensible people by my foolish fancies. I did so. Still I had not a shadow of fear; I was only a little puzzled. Quietly I sat up in bed, struck a light, and looked at my watch, which pointed to a quarter to 3. I afterwards extinguished the candle, but did not close my eyes, when once more came that myste- rious summons, which I cannot define as a voice, though in my practical way I at once fancied it must be mv brother's groom calling to his master. He had lost a valuable horse just before. My ideas now took another turn. I threw up my window, and called the groom by name. "Is anything wrong in the stables?" I asked. No answer—no sound. For the first time a chill sense of something extra- ordinary crept over me. I hurried into bed and tried to persuade myself that I must be unusually imaginative, and so fell into a doze. In the morning I slept so much longer than usual that my house- maid, fearing I was ill, came to ask if I would take my breakfast in my room. I dressed hurriedly, and had just finished the meal when an elder servant came to me, evidently in great agitation. "What is it?" I cried, conscious of some disaster, my thoughts instantly turning to my dear brother or the sisters who were so far away. "Mr. S., miss," said the maid. "Mr. S.; what of him?" I asked, very much relieved. If my darlings were all safe that was enough. "He was found dead in his bed this morning, miss, and his sister has sent the man-servant with a note for you." I was, I believe, more shocked than pained—that is, if, at the distance of some years, I may be trusted to analyse what my feelings were at that juncture. Mechani- cally I tore open the envelope, and read as follows:— "Dear Miss—I am sure you will grieve with me when you hear my dear brother is no more. I left him last night, thinking him much better; going to his room at a quarter to 7 this morning I found him quite dead. The doctor says he must have ex- pired about 3 o'clock a.m. A little note, which I understood to have come from you early in the evening, and which when read he asked me to put in a drawer on the opposite side of his chamber was dis- covered in his dead hand. How he con- trived to get it—who had not from weak- ness been able to lift his head from the pillow—I cannot tell. That letter I ask your permission to keep, and so remain yours in deep grief, ———." That is the story just as it all happened ever so many years ago. I should like to find some solution to the mystery, but I never shall now, and my first ghostly ex- perience has been my last. I do not deny the existence of spiritual phenomena, neither do I believe in it. I only quote the immortal bard, and say and think—"There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy." 