ADELAIDE GOSSIP. (From our own Correspondent) Xovemher 1. Monday was a day of deputations. The first was ihat of the Bible in Schools Society, which w.-.ited on tlie lion, the iliuister of- Education, lo ask that " riie parents of the colony''—phrase that ha» Jieen rc-eehoed in the Uhsrrc/r x fanny columns—might be polled 11 ascertain their views on the question, as has been done iu Xew Zealand. The spe- kcrs"lobk a wider range tha'i the point involved, but were listened to with patience. It was' urgsd that children sitigiug - the National Anthem would nu-jd to xiiquire what God it was that was asked to s.ive the yusen; that the Bible should be banished from ihe Courts, unless it were placed in schools—.is it would be futile to sweav persons on a book they had never seen, or been taught the contents of; that the Slate took care to p.iy a chaplain at tiie Stockj.de, aud to see that every prisoner had a llible iu his cell, while if he Ji.id bacn taught the comuiandiiieut not to steal whea at school lie would have beeu less likely to have been looked up: that it was'not fair to pit the" Bible 111 a child's mind as against an extra half-hour's p'.av : that his'ory «>r geography so treited would certainly not be learned. Cannon Marryatt said it was si range that the hcitiie i histories of Greece and Koine oiuld be laught, while ihe his.ory of ihe Jews— a people who were still exi.tiiig iiaiou^ us— was virtually forbidden, and t.iat the two hours of Simday School teaching we e no:. enough 10 Jicquire knowledge of such history, 011 which much religious leaching iuui i.ee-.U be based. The Minister replied icug<hily.au , various poinis, aud concluded 011 the point iu question that be should uot object to teachers being asked by circular to obtain expression of parents' opinion if the teacher-was willing, bur, having in view their onerous duties, those unwilling would not be compelled to do so ; and that the Society would hare to ariange the means auc! metfiwL The deputation also asked that the word shall"' should be substituted for " may" iu the • Education regulations. Tlie other deputation was one to the Mayor to ask that Kiug William-street should be carried through Victoria Square, from north to south, /xgume'its adduced were that to strangers the city seemed virtually to end. at the centre, aud the sou hern part was reduce I to a suburb-; -that-the tra.ni iiues tumiug the~ corners were inconvenient and dangero.u.8; that the value of property on the south side " was kept down; that the largest lung of the city would be all the better for a clear cut through the middle, that nobody would be harmed, while the public would be benefitted: ami that thu finest street in the southern hemisphere was spoiled by the present interruption. One other vciy amusing argument was that as peo])le would pass the square quicker when riding than when walking their breath would de-oxysvrise the air less. The mayor declined to express any opinion, considering it a question for the citizens to settle by a poll. Public opinio-i seems to favor ihe idea. Mr. Snuuel Raphael li;«l received an invitation signed by the Secretary, some one having g»t possession of a |>ost card filled in by him, and asked if lie could speak. The mayor ruled that unless he was prepared to support the request, he could not. Sammy uttered a decided "no!" and cjnsid.ratcly withdrew. ' ** Remember! Remember I 1 The A'inth of November, . Gunpowder, cnrtrldge, (no shot) There'll be a grand sight For the volunteers' fight On that day, be it wet, l>c it hot. They are to carry ihavcrsacks (with something in tiiem.) and miter bottles are to be worn. The locality of the contest ie not stated, but opposing forces are not to approach withlu 700 yards of each other. It may be clear to military minds, but it is somewhat a mystery o mine how infantry arc to surround* gun t :hat distance. . , . . . ,,.„ There other reatfmstoo, whrthc •> f November should he remembere 1. 1: he anniversary of H.B.H. th; l'rmcc <.f iles Hir:hdav, our future king; »;nl I"® Worship the Mayor has issued invitaiio is to banquet at tin Town Hall to celcbr.i.c iue Your correspondent hope* to l.e au I to recird his o»vn impressM 1 thereof and thereat. Judging from previous experiences the aifair will, be managed commilftinf in accord with the case and suavity of E. T. Smith—the wisdom of a Worsuop. the kind assistance o£ the councillors, and the aid of the officers of the corporation. ^ •• Not guilty ; but don't, do it again, is likely to be the verdict in the case of tailor liunls and his notable handbills. I went for one to-d.iv 10 send you, by way of putting your readers on their guard, but was told r.hat Mr. Rnrns had gone ti Alelb lurne and left strict orders that no more were to be distributed. However, 1 jsa- vablc to ohfcua a copv from hnolher soufee* and send it herewith. l?mk tellers complain of the necessitv impased on them of looking ctrefullv through bundles of notrs, ami it is not wjii thrft public eoutidonco shonld havclkKn shaken iir that dird^to: ^e' puli.Icity given, however, has been so great tli.it fraud has been checked. An Irish immigrant, writing hotna to the girl he lctt behind him, said—" They lold me taere was gold in quarts (quartz) in Australia: but, b';d manners to them, Biddy, Ye uiver seju a pint of it yet." That there is goto .iu ..quartz .is - nevertheless. per&clljr; ^ trucv uud if A few dwts. the ton pay»*i«- Victoria, why should not an ounce 01^ more to th<i ton pay in South Australia.' Tome it seems better- to go in for gold or tiie • chance of it near at hand, than to try fot tin iu the Territory. Taere arc quite a number of companies 'in e*xr- and in pn*sc \ aud our reefs are likely to be fairly tested at last. Mr. Fredk. Wright's monthly financial report ia the L'/tjhicr summ-iry is always an iinpoi taut document, aud especially s » whea the speculative niani t is alivotd. He says that the gold mining cheigy is " all on paper" at prcse.it'; that there -seems to "be 110 detcrmi la'iou to test reefs by mea is of t ie diamond drill, which his done so much elsewhere, and tint it is b ird to imagine why shares in such mixtures should hi pushed. 4nv to, a pre-.niuni. ,-Ifc istwp " "aivl, wcifr 'ard*' io wbt^ shades tv .tn^ii} company wluelV. U all goes well, will pay no dividend for three yens, and perhaps not then, should be quoted at -is. for is.Gd. paid : yet so it is. Punch is piquant on the want of courtesy shewn by Messrs. Jo iburt and Twopenny 10 ttic representatives of the press a', the Exhibition. That while customs' officer-, and policemen, and :nme others were officially thanked, the reporters who did the daily " blow," and blew stiiHy at times too, were let go : without lemafk. It fcaems stpugei True, they liad free ti-kets. bur. 1 hat came ai a matter of co.nso. the proprietors got the profit 011 the advertisement.-., but not even a wooden sjioon or a leather medal fell to the the lot of the hard-worked "stipendiary scribblers." as P. 13. O. used ti term them. If ever a mayor of a cisv has realised to the full his positiou, nnd ably supported it both in purse and person,our present mayor. K. T. Smitti, Esq., M.P., has. There is a calm dignity in tlic way iu which he presides at the meslings of. the .City- Cou'icil, combined with suavity, which cobi'mands/.rcspect and softens oppysi'iou at the same time. Tue latest of his many acts of generosity has been the providing at his own expense a beautiful sdver casket, in which 10 enclose the address of the Corporation to the royal princes. It. is a choice specimen, of -art, and \vill act hO s aiidingjadrn'tisement fif tlie^oyohy <?f*o!nr city when placed, as it will doubtless be, amo::g ihe royal treasure-* in the galleries at Wiudior, it will serve to remind noble admirers that there is a city called Adelaide in the greater Britain in the Southern Sea. The way in which His Worship's ruling was yielded to by the hitherto irrepressible Sainuiv Raphael, who accepted it with *- Very well, your Worship ; then, although I have been invited, I will withdraw," spoke volumes as to the bidden power of fair and consift:nt authority. Mr. H. Taylor, the ex-immigration agent, who not long siucc went into business a* an agricalttpwi implement manufacturer , at Clare, has sold out of the c >nccrn, and is now 011 the look-out for fresh fields autl pastures ne\y in-which toexcrcischisnhilitioa..! I am told he had some idea of going on 'Change as a broker, pro hm, but, hearing that both the ex-editors, D. G. F. Moodicatid Skcffiiigtou ^Cairoll have gone in for name aud fame in that liuc, he is hesitating for a bit. n • ...• -. *:":"••" Domg," ahd J uwlbing, seem to be characteristics of the colony. In order to beautify our suburban: roadsides, CjoverUm^nt f find Corporations" hn^Ve 'subsidised the "efforts of dwellers who planted trees. It now often happens that in the erection of telegraph wires tiiese trees have to bo injuriously lopped, or altogether, removed In wimc instances wires have been carried along thickly- planted sides of a road, when 011 the opposite able 110 trees exist. This is notably the case at Jlr. Evcrard's property ou the Bav-road. aud 111 Bculah- mad, Norwood. A little foreibought on the part of those whose duiy it is to "wire up"' would dvoid ncedlsss interference with arbored ;.dorunieut. Hig one picnic ! My word ! The Minister of E lucation has announced his intention of visiting the Northern Territory, and invites any members who wish to accompany him to prepare to do so when the fit season comes. According to bis speech, our white elephant has lo;t i's appemc, aiid will return something for its past keep in the early future As Parliament is going to work overtime for the rest of the session, the foregoing invitation tnjiy be regarded as a reward for their extra cff->r;s. Members of Parliament are not necessarily gr uniuatical in their utterances I heard .••=c -av the other day that " the best part of kangitoos was their skins, which mix worth f-rty shillings a do/.cu in the 'air." Liudley Murray's ghost would blush to listen. Here's a chance for a company ! Pbilo." in the lhginter suggests that we go iu for rejula'ed ihundcr aud sand charges of dynamite up iu charge of cheap balloons with fiises so timed as to explode just iu nick of time to knock the bottom out of any passing jelouds. many of which are, as Cowper cx- "pressesit Big witli mercy, • •' And will break with blessings on our head." The job is to break them at ^the proper time. ft is of ho ust to'cail on tiiCniVo l 'ltand and 1 deliver.1" ist approveti NeiiKeliy fashion, bu\ S we must blaze away without mereyi .burst' them up there and then aud give them such a .'hakitig that they can't retain a drop in their possession. Why says Philo, should they p iss over the dry plains and go off to the damp hills where there is water enough. Thai's ».ll very well; but how will it be if .11 unlimited company is formed and selfish dwellers on the plaius catch every passing •clnnd ? Will there be sufficient to fill the -reservoir! and what will Adelaide do for a Supply:' The matter needs Watching in re- ; gard to our pluvial privileges.—-Jokingapart; thorc's philosophy iu Philo's scheme, when ' " In the battle, cannons rattle." A fill of fain ' has frequently fallen and. refreshed the heated combatants.' An experiment might be tried, and if succcss aud a heavy shower of rain followed there could be 110 better lime to float a company than in the flood that would follow. The pricc of laud is still maintained iu the city. £ 140 a foot was lately refused for an allotment Soft, deep, on the east of Victoriasquare, near the new Government offices. £400 a foot is asked for portion on the west side of King William-street, near the new Bank of} . &yod; ftitid) inj J'drt Augusta'may rise to similar ratfcs'somc day. " DELTA. , „ Method in business is attainable by persons of the me.aucst.papacities.—Budgett. Whover b»afftx|KS)i<^ is Myeteigaj) ver men to the Vxtent of that sixpence.—Carlyle. Horrowing is the canker and the death of every man's estate.—Sir W. Raleigh. Men believe gold more iu than a thousand woids.—Euripides. Let your first efforts be, not for wealth, but independence.—llulwer Lytton. Time misspent is not lived, but lost.— Fuller A man's part is to bear misfortunes rightly» —Antiphanes. 