STO~i i iELLER . The Romance of Sunrise Rock. II. [Continued.] "In point of manner you yourself must concede that she is in many respects superior to them. She has a certain repose and gravity and dignity diffcult to find among young ladies of high degree whose education has not proved an antidote for flippancy. I won't be hard enough on them to compare the lovliness of her face or her dne unspoiled nature. You don't want her to be learned any 1ore than you want an azalea to be learned. An azalea in a green house becomes showy and flaunting and has no fragrance, while here in the woods its exquisitive sweetness scents the air for riiles." "Trelawney, you are fit for Bed lam." "I knew you would say so. I thought so too at first. I tried tostamp it out, and put it down, ind for long time I fought all that is beat in me." "Does she know anything about your feelings?" "Not one word, as yet." " Then I hope something-any thing-may happen to put a stop to it before she does." a This hasty wish seemed cruel to him afterwards, and he regretted it. " It would break my heart, " said 7:elawney, with anextremeearnest ness. "I know you think I a'n talk ing wildly, but I tell you it would break my heart. " Cleaver fell to meditating ruefully upon the future in store fcr his friend in his desolate place. King Cophetua and the beggar-maid are in triumph of ideal contrast, eminently fascina ting in an ideal point of view. But real life presents prosaic corollaries, the Teakes, for example, on the fam iliar footing of Tralawney's brothers in-law ; the old crone with her pipe, her wife'a grandmother; that ignorant girl, hisa! wife-oh. these sublunary considerations are too inexorable. In his sluggish content he would never make another effort; he would always live there; he would sink, year by year,(by virture of his adaptability and uncouth associations nearer the level of thie moiuntaineers. This culmin ating iolly seemed destined to com plete the ruin of every prospect in a fine man's life. Cleaver did not know what was to come, and he brooded upon these ideas. III. Those terrible problems of existence of which happier men at rare inter. vals catch a fleeting glimpse, and are struck aghast for a moment, persued John Cleaver relentlessly day by day. He could not understand this world: he could not understand the waste of himself and his friend in this useless purposeless way; he could not even understand the magnificiant waste of all nature about him. ometimes he would look with haggard eyes on the late dawns and marvel 'hat the sun should riS hini such eflugance upon this sequestered spot; a perpetual delight might have sufficed for thli threnody, filled life, here. He would gaze on Sunrise Rock, fpreover face ing and reflecting the dawn, and wonder who aud what was the man that in the forgotton past had stood on these red hills, and looked with his full heart in his eyes upon that sun, and smitten the stone to sudden speech. Were his eyes haggard too? Was his life heavy ? Werehis fiery aspirations only a touch of the actual cautery to -all that was sensitive with in hini? Did ihe know how this world was to pass away? D)id he know how little hel woe in the world? Did lie too wrinpg his hands, and beat his breast, and sigh for the thing that was not ' -? He did tie work thet came to him conscientiously, nlthoughizmech anically enough. But there was little work to do. Even the career of a humble country doctor seemed closed to him He began to think he saw how it would end. He would be obliged to quite the profession; in sheer man' liness he would be obliged to get to something at which he .could work. A terrible pang that. He cared. nothing for money,-this man, was as poor as thevery mountaineer. lie was vowed to science as a monk is vowed to hfs order. It was an unusualoccurrance, the re fomy, when Trelawney came in one da-fond found that that CleAver had been cjllad out professionally. He sat down to dine alone, but, before he had finished carving, his friend enter r-d. " Well, doctor," said Treluwney heartily, " how is your patient. ?" Cleaver was evidently out of sorts and preoccupied. "These people are as uncivilised ap the foxes they live among, " heexclaimed irrevantly. "A case of maligant diphtheria, a phl sicrian their nearest neighbour, andjthoy don't let him know till near the last gasp. Then they will all go ic. otic t'getlier, and swear they had no ide" it was serious. I could have brained that fool, reter Teake. But it is a ihpelass thing now." A preionition thrilled through Tlrinn m~Y. Who is ill at Teako's ?" Cleaver was stricken dumb. His pi'5 assion al indignation a had can aelled all realisation of the impending crisis. Ije remembered Fred's fool ish fandy un instant too late. His silence answered for him. And Trelawnev, a sudden blight upon his handsome face, rose and walked out heavily into the splendours of thie autumn sunset. Cleaver was bitter with self-reproach. Still he felt an impotent anger that Fred should have persuaded himself that he was in love with this gil, and held himself liable to this sentimental pain. '' A heart ! " thought Cleaver, scornfully. "That a heart eshould trouble a man in a place like this i" And yet his own well-schooled heart was all a throb with a keen undreamed of anguish when once more he had come back from the cabin in the gorge. As he entered, Trelawney, tifter one swift glance, turned his eyes away. le had learned from Cleaver's face all he feared to know. He might have learned more, a secret too subtly (bitter for his friend to tell. King) Cophetua was as nought to the beggar maid. In her dying eyes John Cleaver had seen the fresh and pure affection that had followed him. In her tones he had heard it. Was she misled by that professional tendein ess of manner which speaks so soothingly and touches so softly-as mechbanical in the act of drawing off his gloves that she should have been moved to cry out in her huskily pathetic -voice, "How good, how good ye are sir !" and extend to him, amongstall her kindrid who stood about, her little sun-burned hand? And after that she was speechless, and when the little hand was unloosed it was cold. Shehad loved him, and he' had never known it until now. He 'felt likeatratior ashe glanoedathiafriend's changed fice, and he was orushed by a sense of the immense capacity of human nature for suffering. What a great- heart-drama is this, with 'its'7in conigribous aind humble .Dramatis per sons: the little mountaineer, and those two poverty-stricken -strsgglers from the vast army of men of action, -deserters, even, it might seem! What chaotic sarcasm in this myster one ordering of events,-Trelawnley, with a grand sacrificial passion; the poor little girl, whose first fresh love had unsought followed another through these waste places; and he, all uncon scious, absorbed in himself, his worldly considerations and the dying throes ot his dear ainbitions! And now, for. him, who had felt least of all, was rising a great vicarious *woe. If he hadknown this girl'sheartsecret while she' yet lived he might have thought scornfully of it, slightingly; who can say how ? But now thai she was dead it was as if he had been beloved by an angel, and was only too obtuse too gross, too earthly-uiinded to hear the rustle of her wings. How pitia blo was the thought of her misplaced affection ; how hard it was, for his friend; how hard it was for him that he had ever discovered it! Did she know that he cared nothing? Were the last days of her short life embit tered with thepamigs of a consciously unrequited love? Or did she trem ble, and hope, and tremble again? Ah, poor, poor, prettycthing ! lie had no name for a certain vague mysterious thrill which quivered through every fibre whenever he thought of that humble tender' love that had followed him so long, un asked and unheeded. It began to to hang about him now like a dimly realised presence. Occasionally it occurred to him that his nerves were disordered, his health giving way, and he would commence a course of medicine to forget it in his preoccu pation, and discontinue it almost, as soon as . begun. What happened afterwards was a natural sequence though, although at the time itaeemed wonderful indeed. "' - One misty midnight, whe' 'thesa str~ong ~f~ehogs were upon Exm, ill so changed that he was driving from a'patient'shoure the' summift of the lodge, amd' his way .lay -beneath Sunrise Rock along' the -road which encircled the little grave-yard. of the mountaineers. 'The moon was bright so bright that the wreaths of' vapour, bringing motionlhss among the pines, glistened like etherealised silver; so bright that the grounds within.the enclosur- 'Was it tle mist? Was it the mo3nbeams? Wats it -the trimmer of yellou hair ? Did he see. learning against the pailings, "restin' awile" the graceful figure he remem bered so ? He was dreaming, surely; or where those 'deep -instaired eyes really looked miqon him with that wistfulfgzae which he did seen only twice before ?-once here, where 'he had met lier, and once when she died She was approaching him; she was so close lie might have touched her hand. Was it cold, he wondered; cold as it was when lie held it last. He hardly knew,-but she was seated beside him, as on that crimson sun set-tide, and they were driving to gether at a frenzied speed through the broken shadows of the wintry wood. He did not turn hmis head, and yet he saw her face, drawn in lines of pallid light and eloquent with some untrans lated emotion of mingled wonderment and pleasure and pain.. Like the wind they sped togenther through the mist and the moonbeam, over the wild mountain road,brought :he flashing mountain water. down, down the steep slope towards.the red brick house, a light still burned, and his friend was waiting. Be did not linow when his mad race was checked. He only regained his faculties after he had burst into the warm home atmosphere,. a ghastly horror in his face and his frantic fright upon his lips. Trelhanley stood breathless. " Oh, forgive me," cried Cleaver. "I have spoken sacrilege. It -wee only hallucination; I now it now. Trelawney was shaken. " " Hal lucination 7" hle uttered, was, quiver ing lips. " 1 did not reflect." said Cleaver " I would not have jarred yourfelings I am ill and nervous." Trelawney was too broken to re sent. t6 heed, or to answer. He sat cold and shivering, unconscious of a new idea kindling there,- begniing to flicker, to burn, to blaze,.-uncon scious of the motive with which his friend after a time drew close 'to the table and fell to writing with serious energy, unconscious that in this mo ment Cleaver's fortune was made. And thus lie wrote on day after day. So. severely did he analyse his own mental and nervous condition, so 'unsparing and insidious was this curious introversion that when his treatise on the eL)rangement of the Nervous functions was given to the world it was in no degree remarkable that it should have attractead the favourable attention of the medical profession; that the portion devoted to hallucination should have met with high praise in 'high quarters; that the young physician's successful work should have brought him eudden ly to tharememberance of many people who had almost for otten poor John Cleaver. No one knew no one ever knew the romantic inspiration. No one ever knew the strange source whencet he had this keen insight; how his iwperious will had held his shaken distraught nerves for the calm scrutiny of science; how his senses had played him false, and that stonger subtler critical entity, his intellect, had marked the antics of its double self and noted them down. Among the men to whom his tree. tise brought John Oleaver to sud den rememberance was a certain notable physician. He was growing infirm now, his health was failing, his heavy practice was too heavy for his weakening hands. He gave to the young fellow's work the meed of his rare approval, cleverly gauged the cleverness behind it, and wrote to Oleaver to come. And so he returned to his acauns tomed and appropriate sphere. In his absence his world had fiattened, narrowed,- dulled .etrangely. People were& sdrdid, and petty, and coaree minded; and society-his little clique that he called society-possessed a -painfully --predominaing -element --of snobs; men who had given him no notice before were pleased to¾ be ndticed now, and yet the lucky partnership was covertly commented upon- is the rfreak of on old man in his dotage. He was suddenly.success ful, be had ,suddenly a certain pros liect of wealth, he was suddenly bitter. He thought much in these days of his friend Trelawney and the indepen dent money-scorning aristocrats of the mountains, of the red hills of the Indian Stimmer, and the towering splendours of Sunrise Rock. That high air was perhaps tooraxefor his lungs, but he was sensible of the density of the denser medium. As that vague and tender mystery the ghost that- he saw, it had-been exorcised by prosaic science. But it made his fortune, it renowlvd his life, it bestowed upon him ill the craved. In these days he carried-his friend's interest close to his heart. fle open ed a way in the crowd, but-Trelawney held back from the hainds stretched out. He had become wedded to the place. The years since have brought him a quiet, uneventfu'l, not unhappy 'cxistence. After a tiime he grew more cheerful, Lut none . the less gentle, and none the less .beloved of his simple nutighbours. They feel vaguely sometimes that since he first came among them he is a saddened man, and are moved to ask with solicitude concerning the news from his supposititious folks 'down thar in the valley whar we hails from." The fortune in sheep-farming still eludes his languid pursuit. The red brick house is disorganized aiid di lapidated as"of yore; a sense of loneli ness broods upon it, hardlyless intense than the loneliness of the mighty en. compassing forest. Deep -in these - solitudes he often strblls for hours, most bftea 'inths crimson and pnrple eventide along the road that passes beheath Sunrise Rock and encircles the litle graveyard of the mountain ears. - -.here Trelawney leanis on the pailings while the sun goes ddvn, and looks with his sore heart bleeding anew upon one griissy mound till the shadows and the tearii together blot it from his 4 sight. Sometiines his heart is not sore, only sad. Some times his heart is not sore, only sad. Sometimes it is tender and resigned, and he turns to the sunrise emblazoned on the rock and thinks of the rising Sui of Righteousness with healing- in His wings For the scepticism of his college days had fallen from hiiim somehow, and his views have become primitive, like thoseo.f his primitive neighbours. There is a certain- calm and strength in the old. theories. - With the return of a gentle and hope; ful peace in his heart, veiy like the comTort of religion, lie goes his- way in tie misty moon-rise. And sometimes John Cleaver, so far away, as then a seconid sight becomes subtly aware of these things. He re members how Trelawneyis beleived, and a remorse falls on him in the still darkness, and teai-s and mangles him. And yet there are no words -for con fession,-there is nothing to confess. Would his conjecture, his unsupported conviction, avail aught? - would it but be cruel to re-opei old wounds with the sharp torture of a doubt ? And - the day-break finds him with these questions unsolved, and his heart turn ing wistfully to. that true and- loyal friend, with his faithful unrequited love, still lingering - about the grave of the girl who died with her love un requited. [Conclided.] 