A NED KELLY declaiming against boshranging, or a nymph of the pave rail ing against vice, or a thief denouncing larceny, or a chronic bankrupt castigating insolvency—either of these occurrences would be a manifestation of " cheek" that would arouse almost inextinguishable laughter. It would be such an outrage on all consistency and logic that the people who witnessed either of the phenomena would be astounded by the display of such hypocrisy and daring. Yet marvel-j , 16U6 &s; fittti on 6oiiirreHC6 would be, the conflict between theory and practice thus involved, has been quite excelled recently by two of the Melbourne papers; and die mind is completely staggered by the exhibition of such impudence and elasticity of conscience. Readers of the daily journals for some years past will not have forgotten the spirit in which some of our Governors have been dealt with by the Conservative papers. They will not have forgotten that whenever a Governor took a ptep which appeared to give fair play to a Liberal Government, the Conservative papers did nothing else than rail at, and slander, his Excellency for his conduct. Sir CHARI.ES DARLING and Sir GEORGE Bo WEN were amongst the most noticeable of the victims to this abuse; and the one was killed, and the other was wearied out, and disgusted, by this kind of treatment Everything that the Conservative papers could think of, which was calculated to degrade the gubernatorial office, or to irritate and wound the feelings of the occupant of the office, was trotted out; and the longer the Governor attacked had to remain here, the more vicious and abusive became his assailants. All this cannot fail to be remembered by the general public, for not more than two years have elapsed since we heard the last of these displays of spleen, malice, hatred, political and journalistic pastiness, and venom. It was the practice of such papers to tell both Sir CHARLES DARLING and Sir GEORGE BOWES that they were ignorant of constitutional law, that they degraded the office they held, and the Royal mistress whom they represented, that they had allied themselves with' the tag-rag and bob-tail of the com- munity, that they were a standing affront to ©verytiling that was decent,, respectable, and intelligent And, not content with telling thein all this, the absentee friends in London, of these highly respectable and loyal prints, weqp urged to ear-wig the Colonial Office, to bring the two Governors we have named, to ruin. All this was said and done, not becLui£ the Cforemoni describes . done any wrong, since they had done nothing j of the sort, but simply because the manner in which they discharged their duties did not dovetail in with the schemes, or selfish aspirations, of the Conservative party. All this bang so clearly and distinctly a matter of history, what would be reasonably expected of tho Conservative papers when some of the liberals had an innings of the same nature •with the present Governor tinder circumstances of much greater provocation t Not assent to it, of course, since that would be too equitable and consistent for Conservative journalism. But at least it would be expected that any littlecomplamt from the liberals of the ^ same sort' would be passed over in silence, if only to concede that what was sauce for the goose was sauce for the gander, and that anything like a charge of ineonnstea might be escaped from. But what the fact 1 Let our readers go to two recent issues of the Melbourne Conservative papers, and they will see the answer to this question. They will there find Mr VALE and Mr RICHAHDSOH taken to task for the remarks respecting-the Governor, which they made at the Alfred Hall meeting last Monday night, snd both tdd that it was unseemly «nd atnxaous that any public ooimaent should have been made upon his Kxcrflftncy's refusal of dissolution to the late IGniafay.: They will, iipt. those two Melbourne papers, see Messrs VALE and "RICHARPSOIT described as ruffians for to exprea* opmian, cr even ;«o open 'tCmitb Kowltwo^'beTOBdalldniA*, itHM&'Moiivtt liberal •02T —^ fak - aWiMbetida Blnwat M m represeatative t)i Her Majesty; and, therefore, it -srodd kave been better, perhaps, had 'Messrs YALE and RICHARDsos left his Exceilency alone. All this may -be felt, altiumgh there can be no valid question that the Marquis of NobuaSbv acted wnwgtf in refnrang Mr BERRY a dissolution, after EO readily granting one ta Mi SERVICE, and after all experience had shown that the safest and best way, for the Crown and the people tdike, is to throw the responsibility of each crises npon tire electors. Ent a meeting like that of last Monday evening, was not the most appropriate place to deal with a question of this sort; and, therefore, it would have been better perhaps had the Alfred Hall meeting passed over without the Governor's name bong mentioned. But that two of the Melbourne papers, which helped to kill Sir CHARLES DARLING, and nearly drove Sir GEORGE Bo WEN distracted, should take up the cudgels against Messrs YALE and RICHARDSON, on the old ground that to attack a Governor, under any circumstances, or anywhere, is a gross breach of all propriety and decency, is impudence so marvellous that the mind stands literally aghast at such a phenomenal occurrence. The practice formerly indulged in, and the theory now preached, conflict so harshly and emphatically, that nothing but the most consummate "cheek," the most unblushing effrontery, can account for such an intrepid, such an impudent, proceeding. It is a wonder the very ghost of Sir CHARLES DABLEKG did not tap the writers on their elbows, as their pens were traversing the paper before them, to warn them of the pit they were tumbling into, or that, allowing for the nonce the theory that matter of all sorts possesses life, the very printing machines did not refuse to yield such unmitigated turn-coatism, such a defiance of all decency, such a monstrous piece of insolence and swagger, to the public. For in the way of downright stark, staring, assurance this attack upon Messrs YALE and BICHARDSON could certainly not be excelled, any more than for malappropriateness it could not possibly be equalled. After this, we should not be at all surprised to find "WILD WRIGHT," when the opportunity offers, lecturing against interfering with the police, or a denizen of the lowest of our purlieus hurling the most tremendous invectives against vicej or a practised and chronic thief declaring larceny to be a great public and moral wrong, or an insolvent—not from necessity, but because he believes insolvency to be a good paying game for himself—making the world ring again with his denunciations of those yh? leave their creditors _ lamenting. inXort hoffevferanttigso^, would \- - - be ° quite orthodox - now, or'after * j the example set by the two Melbourne papers aforesaid, for that example is' less astonishing than it is replete with all that is impudent and daring. We don't know what the writers for the Conservative papers think of themselves when their day's work is done. But we should think the measure must be a very poor one, or their power to form an estimate of their own conduct is only to be equalled by their utter want of consistency and logic. But this new thesis npon the Governor question beats all of the kind that has gone before; and the marvel is how such an affront upon all decency and honest human intelligence could have been coiumittcd. There it is, however, in all its naked deformity, and for downright, unmistakable, audacity, it is no less unexampled than it is astounding. 