Irtcnifi of £eU)3 Tmz Hamilton Deputation. — Our telegrams report the progress made by the Mayor, Town Cleric, amd Mr. J. Donaldson, as a deputation to the radons departments concerning the requirements of the Borough. They appear to have made strenuous endea vours to procure a settlement of the matter, of the Water Snpply subsidy of £3000 from the Hallway Department, in consideration of the station bring supplied with water, and also tried to obtain the balance of the loan promised to defray the cost of the said waterworks. As to the former sum, Mr. Bent said he would take the papers home with him and go carefully into the matter, but as regards the latter sum the deputation were told it was all correct, and required only the formal sanctum of Parliament. Our correspondent is silent abont the question of the Court House for Hamilton, promised by Mr. Bent when Minister of Works in the Service Ministry. It is probable that before they leave town they will interview Mr. Young, who presides over that department, f thev have not already done so. Apsley Show was held yesterday, hat as there is no telegraph office open there, we must wait until the post brings us the particulara. Festivity. — Immediately after the election of their president yesterday, the members of the Don das Shire Council were invited by Cr. Skene to accompany him to Host Lindsay's Caledonian Hotel, where champagne was produced and a number of healths drunk, that of the president bring neatly proposed by the veteran Councillor Christie. The President, in proposing "The Officers," alluded to their great proficiency, and Mr. Bromfield, Mr. Bloomfield, Mr. Macanlay, and Mr. Walter responded, the latter stating that the books of tire council were better kept than any he had ever been called upon to audit. Hie Secretary also took advantage of ,the opportunity to deay the statements recently made by Cr. Bree, to the effect that the council was not so. ener- getic in making roads as it should be. The council, he maintained, had done then- utmost to accommodate the ratepayers in this respect, and had made reads up to the borough boundary, where they landed in a bog-hole. The newly elected councillors, the veterans, ex-Cr. Anderson, who Cr. M 'Kcllar remarked had done good service in the council the Press, and other toasts followed, and an hour or two passed quickly and pleasantly away. aleteobological. — we are naving some strange weather. On Tuesday a tolerably heavy thunderstorm broke over the town, and the succeeding night waa bitterly cold. Early yesterday morning the weather was simply delightful ; then came a heavy tog, which was quickly dispersed by the burning raj's of the sun. The heat, for this time of year, was really excessive, and people were beginning to tmwlr that summer doming would be most suitable, when another change was ushered in by a severe bail-storm, daring which the stones that fell were as large as marbles, the atmosphere being very cold. More storm and sunshine followed, and the afternoon was not a most enjoyable one. The Whibt Tournament was ad vanced another stage on Tuesday evening, when Messrs. Bloomfidd and C. Wiggins (scratch) met Messrs. Dickens and Bippon, who had S points start. The latter went off with a great lead, and at one time were 21 points to nil. They then "froze" and were caught at 42, from which point Messrs. Bloomfield and Wiggins went ahead, Mr. Bloomfield playing a really fine game. When the game stood at 70 to 63, it appeared to be Lombard -street to a china orange against Messrs. Dickens and Bippon, lint again fortune favored them and they won a most exciting game by three points. On Monday the winners will be called upon to play the final game with 'Messrs. King and Kauf- mann, on whom 3 to 2 lias been laid. The tournament has been so great a success that it is proposed to arrange for another, in which fully thirty -two players are expected to compete. jDMiaius utr haiusb. — ur. r.uson , has been elected Mayor of Ararat, with an allowance of £50 for the year. Cr. Crowe has been unanimously elected Mayor of Koroit. Cr. F. Schofirid is the new Mayor of Portland.. Cr. King has been chosen Mayor of Warmambool with an allowance of £100. Cr. T. South combe is the new Mayor of Belfast. The Puisne Judgeship.— It will be seen by our telegrams that Mr. Holroyd has been appointed to the jndgeship vacant by the death of His Honor Judge Stephen. Hamilton Police Court. — Annie Crawford was brought np on Tuesday, be fore Mr. Hamilton P.M., charged with un lawfully setting fire to the shop and . pre mises recently occupied by herself in Gray- street. Detective Nixon, who had charge of the case, applied for a remand till Friday, - which was granted, bail being found. It will be remembered that a couple of months ago the accused was committed for trial at a coroner's inquest held on the fire, The Police department have since then obtained additional evidence which determined them to commence proceedings de novo. Municipal. — On Monday, Cr. Mac- klelian was, for the fifth time in succession, re-elected president of the Shire of Mt. Bouse. This was a well- deserved compli ment, no shire councillor in Hie colony having done more in the interests of local govern ment than the chairman of the Municipal Association. Extraordinary Death. — Mr. J. Lindsay, of the Caledonian Hotel, lost a very valuable horse on Tuesday, the chesnut so well-known about town. It appears that desirous of improving the animal s appear ance, Mr. Lindsay docked its ted. 'This appears to have irritated the horse, which was very spirited. Whether or not, tetanus set in, and in a few hours, Mr. Lindsay's favorite chestnut was numbered with the dead. The Western Province Election. — -Deputy returning officers and scrutineers at the recent riection for the Western Province will not -be sorry to hear that on Wednesday Mr. A T. Dickens, Returning Officer, received the following telegram from the Acting Under Secretary, viz., " The account of expenses in connection with the Western Province. Election will ' be sent- to the Treasury to-morrow." Church op England. — Tke Com mittee of Ghost Church have made arrange ments with Mr. John Bobsou, the well known dramatic reciter,- to give a series of readings from Shakspeare and other authors in aid of the dhorch funds. The entertainments are to be given at the Town Hall, miwrnnnrinj. on Monday evening next, and to be continued on the Wednesday and Friday following. On the test night (Friday) the anniversary tea-meeting will be held, Mr. Robson's third recital taking place at the concltiaion of the repast. Mr. Bobeon is a thorough master of elocution, and : has deservedly established himself as a favourite here." We have no donbt that the attendance will be both lazgo and appreciative, on the occasion referred to, and trnst that he will be met with bumper houses. A foil programme for each evening appears in our advertising colnmns. ' Modest, Very l— A Mr. John Ingle- by, -agent at Mt. Gambler for the New Zeidand Accidental. Insurance Company, lias sought to make capital out of the death of a Mr. Faitsdi in the hunting field. His mode of .procedure was to write to all the clergy men in Mt. Gambier, printing ont that tee society he' fepresehftel insured against acri- dents, and requesting that attention shonld - be drawn. to that fact from the pulpit. This is the-first'time we liaveheard of any person: laying to convert a clergyman into, an adver tising medium. The next step will be to ask teem to walk to church "sandwiched between advertising boards." . THE.LATE Maboub Clabke. — It has been decided to makea selection ofthe laie Mr. Marcus OarkeVinost popular works, and publish them in a " Memorial Volume." This win be sold at one guinea, and the pro ceeds. are to go towards the Support of the "widow andqhildnenof tbe deceased. Doubt less Hi e book, will be in peat .detoand, as there can be ho'-miEtatong the foot that Mr. Gtedr was ihe mort ahle hoydist in Australia.- : "Mwwb. WalstaL, o. ; Walch, and B. P. Whitworth are to edit the volnme, and we willingly consent to the request made, ihat'we khouid reoei ve the names' qf eub. eiibers. us'\;:r : i- fiHlREOF-JtoHUnmar xaxes- pondeut' has sttfr'AamSaifedis '' with'Stije cillor for the South East Biding of the Shire of Minhamite, he defeating Mr. James McKeUar by 26 rotes. No fewer than nine extensive estate holders possessing three votes each were absent, or tee contest wonld have been very much closer. Football. — On Saturday fifteen Western Rovers will compete against a eimUar number from the Dunkeld club at Dunk eld. The following are the names for the Borers : — Learmonth (2), Gaffney (2), Brayshay, Smalpage, Cameron, Gray, Brown, Keegan, Hardwicke, Murphy, Friend, Sloan. audSchultze. Emergencies — Navean, Carroll, and Evans. For Dunkeld — Abeam Robert son, Boyd, Cayley, Henty, Mitchell, Walker, Watson, Knell, Rolands, Dempster, Reed, M 'Donald, Hutch eson, Sutherland, and Pat. Wareaynre. Emergencies — Hurst, Collins, and Smith. An exciting match will take place on Saturday, between the Branxholme and Hamilton clubs, at tee Friendly Socie ties' ground. The following represent tee Hamilton team : — Bloomfield, Brown, Cooke, Cameron, D'Arcy, Dunnon, Henty, Haley, Ron, S. Learmonth (vice-captain), A Lear month, H. Learmonth, J. Learmonth, Lind say, Mallinson, Mackwel, Muir, Smalpage, Schultze, Wilson (captain). Emergencies — Bteckney, Dgherty, Lemme, H. MDonald. The Branxholme pteyera will be — Dicker, HGallnm, Skene, Gongh (2), Contts (2), Stewart, Power, Cameron, Hanks, MDonald (2), Laverty, M'Lean, Bo wen (3), Harrison, Rots. Importations. — A number of con signments to Mr. J. Coldham, Grassdale. attracted a great deal of attention at the station test evening on the arrival of the train. These consisted of several Aldemey cows, so famed for their milk-pro ducing qualities.; two trotting horses, said to be very fast ; and a splendid collection of poultry, including two monster geese, some fine Spanish fowls, (white and black), Aylesbury and Muscovy ducks, etc. For variety and quality the collection could not well be surpassed. Wi hurra Shire Election. — The- ffordiam Times rays : — " The whole of the returns of the Wimmera Shire elections are now to hand, and the following are the final results : — West Riding, Philip 292, Zerbst 114, majority for Philip 178 ; North Biding, Grant 294, Nattrass, 209. majority for Grant 85. For the anditorship, Smite 655, Usher 444. Bowen, 142. Die next meeting of the Shire Council will fal" place on Wednesday, the 7th September, when the new councillors will take their seats for tee respective ridings for which thev have been elected. At the same time there will be an election for a new President, and in well informed circles it is generally supposed that the choice will fall upon Councillor Bell, in foot, we believe, we are correct in stating that a majority of the Councillors are favorably, disposed that the Councillor in question should be the new President. Catholic. — An Age telegram, dated Brisbane, August 16th rays Dr. Quinn, the "Roman Catholic bishop, is dangerously 3L He received the test sacrament today, and is not expected to live. A consultation of medical men was held at seven o'clock to night. The doctors have no hope of his recov ery, and place the extreme limit of his life at forty -eight hours. It is feared that the news of ms death will be received every hour. On the Stump. — The Ballarat Courier states that tee local reform league has com- pleted arrangements for a monster demon- stration in honour of the Hon. Graham Beny and his late colleagues on Monday, Septem ber 12. A conference of delegates, repre senting the liberal party, from tee surround ing districts will be held on the same day. A letter received by the secretary on Saturday from Mr. Berry states that he "will endeavour to prepare a speeah which shall be worthy of the occasion. Sheepstealing on the Border. — The Narraeoorte Herald gives tbe following further particulars of a case recently reported by telegram : — ThePolice Court waswelLfiUed with interested auditors when the prelimi nary examinations in two charges of sheep stealing were heard. Tbe three prisoners were all nf nne familn. PharlM MaSwdmi his wife and sou. For some time past the owners of sheep at Hynam and its vicinity have been nearly certain that sheep stealing has been carried on, and abont two months ago a detective>ns engaged to investigate the matter. The man baa been ostensibly working for Messrs. Thompson in grubbing trees, and front hie -dress aqd tqqnner he would be taken for a bushman who had not been-in a city for years. He seems to have done his work carefully and thoroughly, and in spite of the efforts made by Mr. Da vies on behalf of the prisoners, bis evidence was sufficient to secure their committal far trial. That tee co- existence of our "compulsory, secular, and free " educational system and the grossest ignorance impossible is proved by the cases . of the McS weens and their children. Neither the father nor the mother can read or write ; end their daughters, aged 17 and 10 years respectively, and two sons aged 17 and 12, have not received the slightest instruction in anything. They have never been inside a school or qhuroh, and regarded the question " do you know what religion is!" as a difficult puzzle, the solution of which was beyond their powers. As for as can be learnt, the whole of their lives has been spent in deserted huts or in the opeu air. The ouly member of the family who has received any education is a girl who after going into domestic service was taught to read- Sending - tee two youngest to tee Industrial School is as good a thing as qould happen to them, and It is a pity that the elder girl is a little too old to be sent to tbe same plaoe. Further Improvements. — The Mel bourne correspondent of the Courier writes : Mr. Bent, tee Commissioner of Railways has derided upon carrying out a thorough system of reform upon tee various main lines throughout tee qolquy. First and foremost, lie proposes to follow the example of (he railway companies in Great Britain, by so that travellers will no lonnr'iiuitSerisli of bring burnt alive or smashed np whilst there is a chance of getting out to rave them selves. Another at least equally desirable reform is to be tee increase in the speed of all trains. . Then, the carriages are to be lighted with gas instead of with the present objectionable kerosene lamps, the oil from which qqt unfrequently drops . on the head of the unwary passenger. The survey of the new lines authorised by Parliament is also to be pushed on as rapidly as possible, and tenders for tee Alphlngton and Cobuig lines will be invited eariy next week. Dentistry. — Mr. Thw&ites; will visit Portland, at Mac's Hotel, September 99.ni! and 23rd; Hamilton, Commercial Hotel, 24th, 25th and 26th ; Casterton, Gray's Hotel, 27th and 28th ; Colerainfi, Haferkorn's Hotel, 29th.— Advt. Two Gold Medals awabded American Waltham Watches.— The only medals awarded tee Bxhiletimi of "Watches, Hdbonxne Inter national Exhibition, 18801 All genuine Waltham Watches have the trade track "Waltham, Mass.", engraved on the plate of the watch. Tbade Him,' Waltham, Mass. — Tbe American Waxcb. Coktary, of Waltham, IbasariuuettB, U.S. A., hereby rive notice that their Trade Mark, " Waltham, Mass," is now registered in the Australian Colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, aad New Zealand Prooeed- ngs will be taken against any person copying or imitating same, -or any vendors selling or offering 'for sole watches beanng colourable imitations or in any way infringing our rights. — American Watch Company, Waltham, Mass. . CEETIFCATEa, as long os THE list. op dos Juan's joves, are teecommonaccompanimenta of innumerable specifics, and nothing la easier than to attach to testimonials high-sounding names witeprofesaooal appendages, craned out of tee fecund brains of the manufacturers. But teen euthenic signatures are affixed to recom mendations, the .character of the article stands eloquently vindicated. Prabaps no other pre paration can boast of a more complete record of eminent and reputable names than Udolfho WoufeJb Schiedam" Aeomahc Schnapps. The" death is annonnoed of Dr. Tanner,; tee Nbw York physician, who last' year fid- - filled tee self- imposed task of fasting hirty days. His, medical attendants state test there -fo no doubt 'teat the strain to his 'system, erased by tins long, abstention from fobd, -hastened his death. . A sad .accident manured ati fort Adelaide railway station lagt-'Mmiflay. - ac- cording to .the Am.. Porter 4J«wM'Inray . had bis two feet cat clean "dflT obove the ankle, owing to a"raBsray riurii icoiHiding withthe engine atto.prooew,,Ehnht- 