CHURCH OF ENGLAND TEMPERANCE SOCIETY. The anniversary festival service in connection with the Church of England Temperance Society was held yesterday afternoon, in St. Andrew's Cathedral. There was a large congregation, including his Excellency the Governor. The service excited great interest. The musical portion of it was very creditably rendered by a choir of about fifty voices, in addition to about thirty clergymen, who attended in surplices. The Rev. Arthur W. Pain. B,A., incumbent of Cobbitty, rural dean, preached the sermon ; and in the course of his remarks explained the basis of the society, the objects for which it was founded, and gave a brief statement of the work it had accomplished. At the close a collection was taken in aid of the work of the society, and the sum realized was very satisfactory. In the evening the annual meeting of the society was held in the Church Society's House, Phillip-street, the Bishop of Goulburn in the chair. There was a large attendance, and amongst those present were-the Dean of Sydney, Canon Stephen, Revs. J. D. Langley, H. A. Barker, Hon. Charles Campbell, and others. After praise and prayer, The CHAIRMAN said : Most truly do I join in the sorrow, which is universally felt, at the absence of our excellent president, and at the sad cause of it, and fervently do I pray with you that by God's special goodness our dear and valued friend may bo speedily aud entirely restored. Through his ardont dovotedness to his duties he has been laid aside for a time ; but the fruits of his successful work will ever abide, and will be a standing witness of tho zeal, fidelity, and ability with which, under God's blessing, he has fostered the progress of his diocese, in all things essential to the vital growth of the kingdom of Christ in our midst. We shall miss the terse and apt address with which he was ever wont skilfully to introduce the business of a meeting such as this. And I must throw myself on your indul- gence while attempting, as his substitute, to submit a few imperfect utterances on the great subject which has brought us together to-night. We have now assembled at this first annual meeting of the New South Wales Branch of the Church of England Temperance Society, which last year was inaugurated on tho 29th January, and affiliated to the parent society in England. We are here to review our position; to report the progress which through God's grace has been made in our first year ; and to appoint a committee and officers for the year ensuing. Our objects aro to promote general habits of temperance; to reform, or to aid in reforming, the intemperate and habital drunkards, wherever they may be found ; and to assist in removing the baleful causes which lead to intem- perance. We seek to accomplish this design upon the comprehensive basis of the union and co-operation, upon perfectly equal terms, of those who use, and those who abstain from, alcoholic boverages. We invoke the Divine assistance in combating this gigantic malady, for we cannot but regard it as a hideous evil, as an enormous sin ; and we are persuaded that nothing short of the sacred influences of religion, and of the power of the Gospel, can enable us to root out this vile blot upon our national character. The first step with reference to the intemperate is to bring men to repentance for sin, as the ground of association with others. But the only true hope of permanent reformation lies in the religious motive, in the growing personal know- ledge of the Lord Jesus Christ, and of the power of the Holy Ghost, sought in the use of all the appointed means of grace. We desire to bring men under the influence of the power of the Holy Ghost that they may first give them- selves to the Lord, and then draw from Him strength to overcome their sin, and grace whereby they " may hereafter live a godly, righteous, and sober life." We do not so preach total abstinence as to cast any reflection upon the consistently moderate ; nor do we advocate the system of temperance in such a manner as to discourage the application of ''nephalism" or total abstinence to those who conscientiously feel that this is the only safeguard for themselves or for others ; or who may consider that this principle may be defended on the autho- rity of the holy Scriptures, and on grounds of reason and of experience. We claim perfect liberty for every person to choose the side which he will follow, provided it be either the temperate or the total. The medical profession is somewhat divided in its estimate of the com- parative value of temperance and of nephalism in promoting the designs which we have in view. On the one side, we have men of marked eminence like Sir James Paget and Sir William Gull, advocating the side of temperance, while Sir Henry Thompson, Professor Miller, Dr Carruthers, and a host of others, recommend and urge the entire abandonment of the use of fermented liquors as a beverage. Let us hear what they severally assert on these momentous questions - Sir James Paget, Bart., the distinguished surgeon, writes -" All reasonable people hold intempérance to bo a hideous evil and few know moro of its mischiefs than do surgeons The arguments against mtemperance aro complete and un- answerable , and in favour or défonce of it thero aro nono ' The opinions of the medieal profession are, by a vist majority, m favour of modoiation, as against total abstinence It is difficult to fand a healthv family bora after throe successive generations of drunkards Iho misciuofs of intempeianee uro such that many advocate total ab-tmonce tor till." Sir William Gulf, Bart, the eminent phvsician, baj s -" I prize alcohol and N\ me a3 medieinCb I think the error ia still prevalent that alcohol cures tj pbus, whereas the disease i uns its physio- logical couise I do not know how alcohol acts upon the body altogether-I do not think it is known, but in disease we use it very much is a sedative It acts on the nervous system as a sedative. The constant use of alcohol, oven in moderate measure, may rnjuie the nerve tissues, and be deleterious to health, and one of the commonest things in society 16 that people are injured without being driinkunls ¡short of drunkenness, I should _av from my experience that aleohol is the most destructive agent we aie aware of m this country In habitual drunkards you can stop the supplv of alcohol at once without injury Neither should I recommend any tonic or drink by which a drunkard might gradually accustom himself to abstinence from alcohol I should recommend nothing beyond good food, which would ultimately overcome tho craving " Again -" The attempt of legislation should be, not at total i eprcssion, but rather m the direction of raising the general condition of the people Iho children in our schools should be taught that tho kingdom of God is neither m meats nor in drinks, that temperance docs not merely apply to drink, and should pro- ceed from right principles, in fine, that temperance is bettoi than abstinence, and that its influence is tar greater " On the other hand, a great authority, Sir Henry 1 hempson, rilCS, wrote m 1873 -" I have no hesitation in attri- buting a very large proportion of some of the most painful and dangerous maladies (which come under my notice, as well as those which every medical man has to treat) to tho ordinary and daily use of fermented drink, taken m tLo quantity which is conventionally moderate Whatever may be said m regard to its ovil influence on the mental and moral faculties, as to the tact above slated I feol that I have aright to qpeak with authority '-Letter to Arohbishop of Canterbury. 1 hus also Dr Strutliers, Lecturer on Anatomy, Edinburgh -" The prevalent, but ttecreasmg, custom of drinking alcoholic fluids,Sbeer, wine, spirits, ¿_c , is still more to be reprehended than oven gluttony or over feeding lhat the abuse of them is injurious to stomich, blain, and svstorn generally, and that thoy destroy life is well known. No insurance office will accept the life of a drunkard But it is now well known to physiologists that even when u_ed in moderatio-i they aro only stimulants, and that the stimu- lation thoy produce is succeeded by a corresponding de- pression, that thoy aro 'physic, not food,' and pnvBio- logically and medically on the samo footing, for instance, as opium Let it bo known, then, that the deep-rooted drinking custom of society is not a necessity, whutevei its source be Of tho many excuses people assign, the most common is that they feel the better ot it, as the Chinese sav of opium If all men could use liquors m moderation the philanthropist would have little occasion to remonstrate, but as the use unavoidably leads to the abuse with many, it is highly importent to proclaim, especially to the young, the great physiological truth that all we requiro for health and enjoyment, whether of body or mmd, ia a sufficiency of goodfood to eat, water to dunk, and plenty of fresh air to breathe '-Constable's Educational Sen-s Advanced Reading Book, Literarv and Scientific, p 105 So also wrote the admirable James Miller, P 1- S L (1801), Suigoon to the Queen, Professor of Surgery, Edmbuigh University -" It we would see drunkards cured we must be nephalists (total-abstainers) to help thom Ever} drunk ard, in order to his recovery, must ab-ttuin absolutely from alcoholic drinks. None deny this proposition, so fur, at least, as the unconverted are concerned. Bring a drunkard to a knowledge of tho truth, ' Let him become a child of God,' and it may bo so ordered that the strength of grace in the man'« heart, supporting the effort of his own ronowed will, shall enable him to remain 6ober, even while intro mitting sparingly with the cause of his previous ruin. Hut . usually thero is no such trial to be made. Tho instant his I eyes are opon, ho not onlv abhors himself aud repents in dust and ashes, but uko ho abhors that thing which made him what ho was, and forthwith voluntarily hoiesolvos, God helping him, not to touch, nor taste, nor handle it more. The Gospel in the heart intuitively tcaohes abstinence in the life. But what of the uuregenerateand drunken whom wo seek to save V Abstinence is to them essontial, disjoined though it bo at first from the reception of Gospel truth. Without a mirado, or something ap- proaching to it, they cannot hopo for recovery otherwise. I know of no exception to this in my own experience."-Nephalism the true Temperance, p. 55. Professors Miller adds :-" Alcohol is not rood, and ought not to ba used as such. It is a more luxury, but so dan- gerous in its effects, physically, mentally, and morally, as to bo forbidden as more luxury to the prudent aud upright. It is a medicino, capable of being employed so as to provo bonofioial ; consequently, whilo we decline to use it us food necessary to life, or a luxurious superfluity, wo do not refuse its medicinal aid when required. Authorities best entitled to credit place alcohol as a narcotio article, and consequently a poison." Such aro tho I opinions of men specially competent on both sides to give their verdict. One thing is perfectly clear, they all condemn tho abuso of alcohol, and would urge men to bo careful how they tamper with an enemy which is so capable of doing mischief, and of putting thom to shume, unless by Divine grace they are ever on their guard to resist tho evil. ' We look then to the grace of God as the only effectual menus of rescuing the victims of intemperance, and also of strength- I ening tho hands of tho moderate in their course of Christian | consistency. We desire to pursue our courso upon the lines I of the Church of England, remembering that all her baptised member« are bound everywhere " to confess the faith of Christ crucified," and " manfully to fight under the banner against sin" (this sin and every sin), and " to keep the bodv in tempérance and soboraesa" while " serving God truly oil the day« of their life." This great society originated, I -^ev9.1ne(y;tt_Awwi__v«adattoa» ma__ tv tha.Co_.voca tions of the Church of England, of tho provinces of Can- terbury and York. Committees appointed by each re- ported severally as follows :- . , Convocation of Province of Canterbury : " No evil moro nearly affects our national life and character ; nono moro injuriously counteracts tho spiritual work of tho Church ; and thcroforo no question moro immediately demands the zeal of our clergy, the attention of our states- men, the action of our Legislature, and tho thoughtful aid of our philanthropists. This cvii is H'ipning the foundations of our prosperity, lowering the reputation of our country,' and destroying lit onco its physical strength, and its mora! and religious lifo." (Report of Committee on Intemperance.) Convocation of tho Province of York : '. Tho Committco on Intemperance expresses an earnest hope i lint somo plan nmy bo devised for abating this gigantic evil, and also that . the minds of the people may bo stirred up to co-operate tor the removal of lhat which is tho chief hindrance to all social progress, educational development, and material' prosperity ; and which is the principal stumbling block t'> the advancement of Christ's kingdom in this great nation." (?Report of Committee on Intemperance.) Thoso who requiro further arguments against intemporunco must be referred to the recoids of lifo assurance, societies, the largo hospitals, the lunatic asylums, und to the testimony of tho medical profession universally. Wa desire to reach the masses by sormons, lectures, tracts, und leaflets ; by tho Press, by associations by which all may bu united in this causo ; by personal efforts, by pecuniary aid, by persuasion and by example, by influencing tho Legislature for a large reduction in tho number of licenses and of drinking houses, by giving ' tho ratepayers and in- habitants somo voice, in conjunction with the authori- ties, in the licensing and tho control of public-hou.->es, by memorialising against new licenses, by encouraging coffeo palaces and reading rooms, by forming working men's societies, and by teaching the wives of our artisans and labourers to improve their domestic management, for "among artisans bad cookiDg becomes a temptation to talco alcohol." "The working men of England," says Porter, it great statistical authority, "sp^nd £25,000,000 in beer alone." And whilo all the Christians of England only raise " £500,000 a year for Christian missions throughout the world," wo learn tho lamoutable fact, from tho Canterbury Convocation roport on intemperance, that " £130,000,000 are annually spent in intoxicating drinks.". May I express an earnest hope that the members of the Church of England generally will heartily enrol themselves under tho banner of this _ocicty, and thus strengthen the association by the union of members. Being thus banded together in Christian fellowship, thoy will greatly aid to remove one of the chief causes which hinder the progress of the Gospel, and which bring misery upon families and ruin upon perishing souls. Lot us all combine, then, to impresa upon the minds of our fcllowmen the two truths, first : that " do long as a mau is in health, cats well and sleeps well,' ho does not need alcohol, and, as a rule, is better without it ;" and secondly : that " tho drink cra%*ing will bo kept aliva by any indulgence." Mr. E. DEAS THOMSON then read the first annual report, from which the following is taken:-"Tho Now South Wales Branch of the Church of England Temperance Society was called into existence at a public meeting ou January 29th, 18S0. This is an exact reproduction of au English Diocesan Branch, afnliated to the London society, and yet independent of it in all except its object and basis. At present, however, it is pro- vincial not diocesan, including the riva diocese of New South Wales, and even extending its influence to the two dioceses of Queensland. That there existed a deep necessity for such a branch no ono can doubt who has studied the records of crime in their connection with tho drinking customs of the colony. Tho 800 public-houses which darken tho fair city of Sydney, with their daily pro- duction of loss of time, waste of money, blasphemy, de- bauchery, and domestic misery, seemed sufllciently terrible; but it was perhaps still more distressing to see the bench of magistrates " week by week add- ing to this number, and holding up their hands in;despair for want of power to restrain them. The tem- porary bill for suspending licenses has happily checked this evil ; but a further measuro is necessary to put a stop to the evasion of the law by the process of transfer. The custonia of treating, and of holding clubs, meetings, inquests, and electioneering committees at public-houses are productivo of great evil ; and tho unanimous experience of clergymen and doctors is, that a main source of poverty^ and a chiej cause of discaso and lunacy in this favoured land aro excessivo drinking. Tho success of the past year has been very marked Iho practical outcome of our labouu muy be summed up under four heads-social, political, religious and retoimatory gocial Ihis includes the spread ot knowledge amongst young and old, by meetings and the circulation of tempci ânee literature, the discoiirage_ent of customs which lead to drinking, suchas tienting, footrn,? electioneering, the encouragement, espcciüly among children, of total absti- nence, or studiedly temperate habits, and uncommomismg opposition to tho granting of further facilities for the Balo ot drink Political Under this hoad wo gi\ o tho Government our corporate support in all measures for the restraint of drunkenness, as for example-petitions wein presented ni favour or a Licensing Bill, und ox tho Suspensory Bin, which became law, and also by meetings, wo tndi n\ our to influence public opinion m the brime direction l_eliniou_. Recognising the ia t that wo undertake this work as a call from Chi ist, and believe it to be des°rvin.r ot the SN m nathies of the Church, we invito the clergy to pr uch sonnons annually on the subj cet, and wo introduce as niueh ~s ¡ JSM bio thoieligiousclementmourm»utingsiorthoyoung Lutveui, notwithstanding rho ver j buoit notice given utleist thirtv five churches had sermons preached in them under the society's auspices Next year we hooo to hnvo tour times that number. Reformatory This is the work of ea h indi- vidual branch, which draws unfortunate mehi ut-s into in ranks, gives them now fiientlb, and keepä a kindly witch over their iutuie by means ot its worLcrs ¡bevoial gratify- ing instances of retoim have come to our knowledge in tho past year, and wo t ike this opportun tv ot stating as n demonstrated fact, that tho îefoim of incipient and habitual drunkards is not onlv not impossible but is constantly beiti_r effected Our future is hopeful and bright The régulai affiliated branches number lo, while ubout 20 pan he0 havu purtiallv organised societies Tue total number of members is about 2600, and the balance in hand is £10 " Xho Rev J D. LVNGJ-UY lose to move the first resolu- tion, as follows,-" lhat tho report ai_d balance sheet bo adopted " Hu had great pleasure ia doing so, und t^Ung paît m a work which had for ita object the withstanding ot the giant force o£ intemperance, which was destroying tho homes of tho people, breaking human hearts, and making men's and women's lives miserable Tho socioty snould command the support of evoi y person vho had anj desire to sei ve God, and be ufeiul to his fellow men Its basis war* so broad as to poiunt all to join, and ho re- joiced to know that they had a society in whicltl all could work together on one comuou platform. He spoka highly of the great vvoik which had been clone bj other temperance societies under difficulties which they would bo Íirovided against, and then loierred to the defect m tho icensing laws by which people of any neighbourhood could have u public-houBo thrust upon them against thoir ex- pressed wish lie concludod by saying that eveiy lover of his country should do his utmost to put a stop to tho evd of drunkenness Hon CHAULES C u.rnELL, M L C, seconded tho motion. He had alwaj s opposed the SN stem of to cul absteuence, and, generally speakrng, thought that the advocates ot that principle had somowhut injured tuoir gre it cause by in- judicious!} attacking drunkenness btill, he was most anxious to sustain the causa they h id assembled there to advocato, and thought then socioty would bo ablotodoai great work. The resolution was put and coined unanimously Mr C J PACHE moved thu second resolution as follows -" lhat the following he the committee and officers for tho ensuing yeal -Picsideut Iho Bishop of Sidney Vico E residents Iho Bishop of Goulburn, the Bishop of Bris ane, tho Bishop ot Bathuibt, the Bishop ot Grafton and Armidale, the .bishop ot -Newcastle, tho Bishop of Northern. Queensland, tho lion Sir Alfred Stephen, CB.llCMG, Lieut-Governor, fen Willum Manning, lint the\eryi Rev. the Dean of Svdncv, the lion W J 10-ter, JILL Committee Tho Rev» Oauoa Stephen, J I) L mgloy, A. W Parn, W Houn-U, I Barnier, md John Vaughan, Messrs C Woods, C Lowis, J t. fcüeatstou, and Johu Kent Hunlreisuiai Di J 1 linns ird Hon Secre- taries Rev. II Aunol Bukei, Mi L R Deas ihompson. Ibu motion was seconded b> the Rev Canon btophon, who said that thuty-ouo veins' woik as a minister ot tho Gospel in Sydney en tblcd him to sa\ N ¡thout hesitation that drunkenness was thu greatest evil te religion and to soeioty A cordial vote of thanks to tho chairman brought the proceedings to a clo°a 