T he Melbourne Cap of 1881- No. hl \- The Sydney-bred mare Remembrance, by Maribyrnong from'Antoma, is the first of the division under 7et, and it will be remembered that she placed a winning bracket to her name by winning the Flying Stakes at the VR.O. Spring Meeting of 1879, beating, amongst others, the flying Geraldine, who subsequently won the Hawkesbury Guineas. At first sight, this would lead one to suppose that Remembrance was sonrething out of the common, bat she failed to run up to the ex pectation of her trainer, Lamond, in the Maribyrnong Plate and A.J.O. Derby, and nothing in her career can Justify the belief that she is class enough for a Melbourne Cap. Hesperran'e chance has been referred to in connection with that of The Pontiff 's, so that it la hardly necessary to again mention him. He has shown great brilliancy under such weights as 8st up to a mile and a half, but lias never yet been returned the winner of a ' two-mile race. His best performance was when, in the receipt of 61b, he ran second to The Pontiff in the Metropolitan Stakes last upring, and as there is now only Sib between th«n, and the latter being the same age, and thus Just as likely to improve as Hesperian, the last-named can have no chance with The Pon tiff, if both come fit to the post. Lothair, like all the Epigrams, has shown that he cannot get two miles, and, judging him by his late run ning at Adelaide, he cannot have the slightest chance. Monmouth and Liberator are very justly bracketed together, as there was very little between them in their memorable " nostril" finish for the Normanby Stakes on New Year's Day ; but we bear that Liberator has not done very well in the interim, and we shall therefore leave him out of the list from which we expect the winner to come. Monmouth is full brother to Chester, which speaks for itself, and his running in the Fiemington and Normanby Stakes shows that he has inherited the family turn of speed. The Melbourne Cup has been won by such three-year-olds as Lantern, carrying 6st Bib; The Barb, 6st 111b ; Briseie, fist ' 41b ; Chester, 6st 12lb ; and Grand . Flaneur, fist 101b ; and with the exception of The Barb's race, where he was run to a head by Exile, the three-year-olds referred to won with at least a stone in hand, so far as regards the aged and turned- loose division. - Monmouth, from his breeding, conformation, 1 and performances, looks like being the best of his year, more especially as he has not been hurried in his training by Fennelly, and : if he shapes anything like he should do in the A.J.C. Derby, it is not at all unlikely that . the " blue and white " will again play a very i prominent part in connection with the next Melbourne Cup. Another dangerous-looking : three-year-old is Darebin, who, so far, has ; been rather -unfortunate, for it is an admitted fact that he could not have lost the Adelaide Nursery Stakes had it not been for the wretched start. As a two-year-old he wanted time, and is, therefore, likely to show a vast j improvement as a three ; but he is not the stamp' of horse that a light weight will serve, and we must look elsewhere for the winner. Elastic is not good enough, and though Bobbie Burns ran second to Blue Rifcbonfor the Cauifield Cap, snd has shown some " form " j under welter weights, the same remark can j also be made abont him. Lord Lisgar has, j or had, a " leg,'' and he may also be left out I of our calculations, which brings us to the absurdly re -christened Henchman (late Fri day), a foil brother to Robinson Crusoe. As a two-year-old he was a wretched performer, i and he will have to vastly improve before j he can have the slightest ghost of a ! chance. Pawnbroker, like Hesperian, has j shown great pace up to a mile and a half, but 1 has never successfully seen the end of a two- ' mile race, and as " staying" as well as speed is asked from the winner of Buch an event as ; the Melbourne Cup, we are afraid our Adelaide friends will hardly take the Cup to the ' farinaceous village" through the medium of ; " the broker." Tattoo is a useful handicap horse, but not good enough ; and as Somerset : is placed within a few pounds of such three- ; year-olds as Monmouth, Darebin, and Spin- : r ningdale, there seems nothing in his past ; performances to justify the belief that lie will beat the best of -that trio. Mulatto is another animal that weight will not benefit so much ; as some of those in the list, and Petrel's soli- j fcary performance at Hamilton was not good . enough to make one fancy his chance for a ' race in which he will meet horses of a far different calibre. Bandalbion ran fairly well . at Wyndh&m;, Kensington Park, and Fleming- ton, at the Hunt Club Meeting, bat he has ! several times shown that staying is not his i JwrMJj «uU Ifti lo Juab pruUaUiti en. aw ne will 06 reserved for handicaps of a different class to ; that of the one under notice. One of the ' best-bred mares in the race is Spinningdale, , a grey daughter of Sappho, the dam of such celebrities as Kingsborough, Lecturer, and : Savanaka, and we fully anticipate that in the ! future as well as she has in the past she will j maintain the family prestige. In the spring j she was beaten twice at Fiemington, bnt since then has won the A.J.C. December Stakes, Tattersall's Produce Stakes, and the A.J.C. Champagne and Produce Stakes, all of which events she appropriated in very fast time, and it is, indeed, a very open question whether she is not the best of her year. Mares are very uncertain animals in. the spring, and therefore very dangerouB to back, Briseis being the only one who has yet won a Melbourne Cup, but Rose of Denmark, Queen of Hearts, Phoebe, Romula, and Sybil have each got a place in previous years, which -should encourage those who fancy the chances of Spinningdale. Under each & light weight as fist 91b she VviU be able to travel two miles at a great pace, far beyond the ken of some of the apparently thrown-in divieion, and we hold a strong opinion that she will be in the front rank when the horees pass the -judge's box. Mar chioness is merely a useful handicap liorse, and though there are few handsomer horses in training than The Czar, his two- year-old running, since which he has not appeared in. public, Is not good enough for a Melbourne Cup field. Sir Peter, the hurdle-race horse, / has shown some form on the flat in moderate company, as jvell as won over the "sticks," but we have an idea that fie will -show to more advantage at the latter game than in big handicaps. Judging by- their two-year- ! old running, if Spinningdale and Royal Maid 1 were to run a match, even weights, at any ! distance, it would be' odds ha favour of the former, and as there is now only lib between them, . the grey daughter of Sappho on- doubtedly looks to be thie better of the pair. CreswiGk has been rather an in-and-out performer during his career, one of the best of his performances, being when he beat Sweetmeat at weight for age, and on that J1®- sing he has been very favourably treated, so far as regards Mr. Ivory 's horse. His running, however, at Newcastle, against audi hotees as Bulgaria, is hardly good enough, and though some excellent judges in Sydney fancy his charine very much, we think he will be a little out of his element in the aristocratic company ; he will meet on the 1-st of November, and the same remark can also be made about toe up- country performer Dundreary. Wheat -ear, who is now in Lamond's stable, should, on their Rand wick running, be held very safe by Somerset, and as The Gem and Etna also met ' the pair on several occasions at that meeting, it woufd be just as well to remark that, of the quartette, we have most preference for Somer- ! j set, and, even as regards him, we hold the belief that he will he beaten by both Mon- I mouth and Spinningdale. The New Zea- ! lander Somnus has lately come into ; notice in the betting market, but we shall ; not express any opinion about his chance until he arrives in Melbourne. Orient and Cynic are not class enough ; Gloucester has not yet appeared in public ; and Lavinia has run so badly since her memorable dead- heat with Welcome Jack for the Maribyrnong Plate that it would be acting wisely to leave her alone, at any rate for the present. West- bury, so far, haabeen a wi etched, performer, bat The Duke is an animal of quite a different i character, as he performed fairly well as a two-year-old. With 21b the worst of the i weights, he had no chance with Monmouth in I the Flying Stakes, and as he now meets the r latter on 101b better terms, this should have the effect of bringing them together. Still, Monmouth seems an animal more likely to j improve with age, and of toe pair we prefer i the full-brother to Chester. Pollio has never shown first-class " form," and Brian Boru, ! who was purchased some time ago by Mr. W. j Long, ran very well at Wagga Wagga as a ! two-year-old, but his running there seems hardly good enough for the great handicap of the year. As will possibly be remembered by those who have read the two previous articles on i the Melbourne Cup, we left off last week with ; expressing an opinion that at that time, up to the horses whose chances we had commented upon, we had most fancy for The Pontiff, Lord Burghley, Chatterer, Progress, and The Wandering Jew, and to this quintette this week we add Monmouth and Spinningdale as being the best seven that we have as yefc come across. Next week will conclude our remarks upon the Cup handicap, when we shall be able to indicate the half-dozen which we think to be the best in.' 