EXTENSIVE FIRE. About midnight on the 11th January a fire, which so I sulted in the destruction of a very large amount of valuable property, occurred in Barrack-street. Flames were discovered in the warehouse of M. Bechet, general importer, situated close to the Savings Bank, from which building it is separated by a space of about six or 8 feet. No time was lost in giving the alarm, and as soon as possible the men of the various fire brigades hauled up their engines and appliances, and in the space of half an hour the whole street between York and George streets became a scene of great confusion and noise. The flames shot high into the air, and showers of sparks were carried by the wind for come considerable distance. The heat was intense, and dense volumes of smoke rose in every direction. The roofs of the buildings adjoining Mr. Bcchet's establishment were just catching fire from" the shower of sparks rained upon them when the hose was taken through the Daily Telegraph, office, and the incipient flames were quenched. Shortly before 1 o'clock the slate roof had crumbled and fallen in, and through the apertures in it could be seen great rafters reddening into charcoal, while the burnt ghosts of chandeliers swaying to and fro, and now and then a green beam would fall. Use a slant torch. Cracks opened in the outer walls and once or twice a panic seized the crowd-a panic which, owing to the presence of the police, only resulted in a little crushing and swaying, but which, otherwise, might have been the death of more than one. Kane of the places around were seriously injured and that a fire of such magnitude should have been confined to the ware- house in which it broke out, and where it had obtained a secure hold before it was noticed, is attributable to two causes- the solidity of the walls within which it raged, and the judiciously directed efforts of the firemen to prevent the flames spreading. Mr. Becher's warehouse was completely gutted, and as floor after floor, laden heavily with expensive and inestimable goods, sank down to preserve the blaze, which, bursting forth at every opening, drew together the enormous crowd which thronged York, Barrack, and George streets, exclamations of admiration rose freely from those assembled. The insurances on the stock were very heavy. 