The New Wesleyan Church. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. THE interesting ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new Wesleyan Methodist Church in Elizabeth-street, took place on Thursday afternoon, in the presence of a large number of the congregation and others, including a good proportion of the softer sex. A platform shaded by a hastily made awning, had been prepared for the speakers, and the large stone had been carefully suspended ready to be lowered to its place at the bidding of the rev. gentleman entrusted with the ceremony of "laying" it, the Rev. G. Woolnough, M.A., President of the Wesleyan Methodist Conference of New South Wales and Queensland. Fine and very favourable weather was experienced, and the proceedings passed off most suc- cessfully. Shortly after three p.m., the Rev. G. Woolnough gave out the 93rd hymn, commencing "This Stone to Thee in Faith We Lay," Sir. W. R. Rowles leading the singing, in which the assem- bled crowd joined. The Rev. J. Osborne read the 46th Psalm, after which the Rev. G. Wool- nough offered up a short prayer. The Rev. Jas. Woolnough then exhibited the bottle, for which a cavity had been prepared under the stone, and stated that in the bottle was placed a copy of the Singleton Argus published on the preceding day, a copy of the Wesleyan Advocate published in Sydney on Saturday last, and a paper inscribed as follows:— "The foundation-stone of this Church was laid on the 28th April, 1881, by the Rev. George Woolnough, M.A., Presi- dent of the New South Wales and Queensland Conference of the Wesleyan Methodist Church, in the 44th year of Queen Victoria's reign. The Hon. W. E. Gladstone being Premier of the British Parliament. Lord Agustus Loftus being Governor of the colony of New South Wales, and Sir Henry Parkes, Premier of New South Wales Parliament. Rev. George Woolnough, M. A., President, and Rev. Frank Firth, Secretary of the New South Wales and Queensland Conference. Rev. John Watsford, President, and Rev. J. B. Waterhouse, Secretary of the Austra- lasian General Conference. The trustees of this building being the Rev. James Woolnough, Superintendent of the Singleton Circuit, Messrs. William Bur- nett, John Grainger, Edward Gates, William Laverty, Edmund Gould, Jas. Alex. Tulloch, Edward Sweeney, Henry Adams, Robt. Laverty, Arthur Grainger and Noble Glass. The architects— Messrs. Bolster and Justilius; con- tractor—Mr. Edmund Gould. The tender for the buildings and fittings is £1796." This, he said, might be interesting to some who would find the bottle 3000 years hence. The paper did not tell why the work was undertaken, but it was commenced not from pride but from necessity. There were besides in this bottle two or three small coins; they could not spare any larger ones for the contractor would want them. He had been given, a rare coin, a New South Wales silver dime, which would be placed in the cavity, as it was too late to be added to those in the bottle. The bottle was then put at rest in its long home and the stone laid above it after the most approved fashion, and being tapped with the mallet, the President said: "I now declare this stone to be wel and truly laid by me in the name of God the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, upon which is to be built a house for His Worship and Glory in the best and most enduring interests of all persons herewith asso- ciated." The Rev. J. Woolnough then on behalf of the trustees requested the President to accept the trowel and mallet he had been using, as a mark of their appreciation of his kindness in coming from Sydney to do that service for them. The Rev. G. Woolnough accepted the present, with pleasure, expressing his thanks in brief and suitable terms. The Rev. J. Woolnough then an- nounced that the President would deliver his inangural address. The Rev. G, Woolnoogh, observing that such an opportunity as that was generally taken advantage of to give a statement of the. principles on which their church was founded, proceeded to make a brief and plain statement of the same. He had nothing new to tell them, but he took that course more because it was customary, and because it would have the effect of a bond on others who would come after him. Their church was being erected for two purposes, namely, the worship of God, and the ministry of His Word. It would be used for worship after the methods in use amongst them. He then alluded to the difficulties that had arisen in Chris- tianity through the attempts made to lead everybody to think and worship alike, instancing those who loved what was called a warm ritual as one class of worshippers who differed from their method. It was as useless to try to make all the men in the world like them- selves in appearance, as it was to endeavour to make them so in thought, and prescribe one particular form for their worship. If he felt a warmer ritual necessary in his own case he should at once seek it. He had often experienced great pleasure in attending the services of other churches. Some of them believed that they succeeded better with a simple ritual, and they could more easily under- stand it, and this principle was shown in the whole of their hymnology, the range and design of, extempore prayer, their methods of reading Scripture, and their homely exhortations to the people. Their method, too, had the merit of being marked by great zeal. He dared say they could put some zeal into any ritual, for if that were not possible they could not read the sacred Scriptures with any effect. But that ritual must be capable of most zeal which was most natural. If he were compelled to use the words of Archbishop Cranmer he would most likely be stilted, but if he were uttering his own individual thoughts he would have all the fire of his own heart to help him. They had also some advantage in that their form of worship though marked by age was also quite down abreast with modern thought and modern speech. Let there be a little place where the individual may find room for the exercise of his own individuality if he be a man. They would expect him to say that was the best worship which had the most devotional feeling. There was no worship without that. They might use words and forms, but if the heart was not there, there was no worship. "God is a spirit, and. they, that worship Him must worship Him in spirit and in truth." The sacrament of the Lord's Supper was one adapted to cherish and create a devotional feeling. They had been brought up to the ritual of a church which does these two things—it created devotion within them and assisted them to express it towards God. He knew it would be possible to improve both their methods and their spirit. They should never forget that that build- ing was to be God's house, con- secrated to Him, and which they believed He was graciously pleased to accept at their hands. It was intended to use it for the ministry of God's word. The speaker then discussed the question —what is God's Word ? and asserted the personality of the Deity as a funda- mental doctrine of their Church, from which he was led on to speak of other attributes,—His mercy, His condescend- sion, His readiness of access at all times and to all men, the speaker quoting Scripture passages to support his asser- tions. Taking exception to such hymns as that commencing "No foot of land do I possess," and "There's nothing worth a thought below," he proceeded to speak of the practical character of Christianity, and how it was full of such teachings as would tend to make good citizens, loyal to the sovereign power, loyal to every local interest which was worthy of support, whether that were the supply of gas or water, the provid- ing of good drainage, the improvement of the sanitation of the town, or any- thing else. There was very much that was worthy of their thoughts here below. They were taught to kindle in their hearts charity towards the ignorant, the vicious, and the fallen. Here the anec- dote of the three, methods adopted towards an unfortunate in a pit, by Buddhism, Brahminism, and Chris- tianity, Was introduced, showing the practically helpful character of the latter. He exhorted them to look at the highest examples of good men, and to imitate them, striving to attain to the highest possible state of excellence in a Christian life, to cultivate nobleness of soul, charity to poverty, vice, and crime, patience and kindness. A Christian should be a true husband, a kind father, a good citizen among his fellows, and a true patriot to the land in which he lives. Such a man could say with Paul when his end came, "I have fought the good fight, I have finished my coarse, I have kept the faith; henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of glory, which God, the Righteous Judge, shall give me at that day." The rev. gentleman proceeded to speak of "the eternal hope," alluding to Canon Farrar's ser- mons on the subject, some of which he had heard while in England. He argued that this was not a subject of knowledge but of faith Spirtualists tried to make out that we had a possi- bility of knowing that future life while on earth. The ministry of that place was to help men to live knowing the will of God, and to die trusting and hoping in Him who has promised to gather into the eternal mansion those who live in his service and trust in his mercy. Christianity was the cheapest thing they had to deal with. The death rate was always lower amongst Christians; trade was always safer; men learned from it to live honestly, to be industrious and thrifty. Let them give their hands to this good work, asking from their neighbours their goodwill, their sympa- thetic prayers, promising them that when their turn shall come, they would be willing to do the same for them. The Rev. J. Woolnough read letters of apology for absence from Rev. Dr. White, and Mr. J. N. Brooks, P.M. one from Mr. R. F. Jay to the same effect, enclosing cheque for £3 3s, with a promise of more at a future time and one from the Rev. W. J. Davie enclose- ing a cheque for £5. He asked any who felt disposed to place their contri- butions on the stone. In response a sum amounting to £75 9s, including the above cheques, was contributed in a short space. The proceedings were closed by sing- ing, and prayer by the Rev. J. Osborne, the Rev. J. Woolnough pronouncing the benediction. Soon after the company was assembled in a booth at the rear of the old church partaking of a well-arranged tea pro- vided as follows :—Table No. 1, by Mrs. Henry Bailey ; No. 2, Mrs. S. E. Atkinson and Mrs. W. Mathieson; No. 3, by 9 or 10 youthful bachelors; and No. 4, by Mrs. W. Laverty. After tea, a public meeting was held in the Church, and farther speeches were made by the Rev. G. Woolnough, taking leave of the congregation, the Rev. J. Woolnough, and the. Rev. J. Osborne. Want of space prevents any summary of these being given. Mr. J. Grainger occupied the chair. The proceedings altogether were highly successful. 