THE RETURN OF THE DEAD. A year she had slept tlie sleep of the dead, When the young wife rose from her narrow bed. To her it seemed but a night of woe That she had lain in the dark below. No|count had she of the passing hour. Of winter frost or of springtide shower; And over her shrouded head in the tomb Had flourishedand faded a summer's bloom. . She woke from her sleep with yearning love For the husband and child she left above. " My little son was but ten days' old When I came to lie in the churchyard mould. My arms had held him but once to my breast •When they laid me herein my lonely rest. And my husband dear, woe worth the day! He wept and wept when they bore me away; When death took from him the light of his life When death took from him hu dearest, his wife! O, might I see him once more in our home, O, might I but once in his presence come, Might I rock our babe in his cradle-bed. Then would I come back and rest with the dead !" Her prayer was granted: through stone and throngb clay By the might of her love she forced her way. Swiftly through lane and through field has die sped, 1 And no man doth see or doth near the dead. With yearning love and with trembling fear She has flittedacross the threshold dear. Unseen and unheard she wended her way To the chamber aloft where her young son lay. Like a cloud she brooded above his.bed; He shuddered ard smiled at the touch of the dead. " And now must I comfort my husband dear, And dry the eyes that have wept for a year. My lot has been but to slumber and sleep; But he lives above the ground to suffer and weep." Unseen she stands with her hand on the door— " He thinks not, ha knows not, I heat him ones more." And the gentle tones of his low- tuned voice Blade her dead heart beat and her fleshrejoice. Full well she knew every word-that he spake— 'Twas a poem of love he had made for her sake; Afid though she lay buried a year afid a day. She lived in his mem'ry for ever and aye. He gave her the sweet name he called her In life; She listened and heard how he murmured, "My wife?" And vowed to be true to eternity. "O faithful beloved, thou thinkest of me !" ' Unseen she drifted through panels of oak, And stood in his presence, nor breathed nor spoke. O God, what a sight her dead eyes meet! And closer she gathers her winding-sheet. A fur young girl by her husband's side. And her he is calling his dearest, his bride. The dead is forgottea, thrust out of his life. And now has he wedded another young wife. The sorrowful ghost drew a deep sigh of woe— " Away, away to the dead win X go ; And follow me soon or follow me late, ' For thee will I patiently, silently wait; Nor ever again will I rise to see How faithless and merry the living can be!" —Time. ' Ik B. DEFINITIVE.—Board Schoolmaster (desiring to explain the word " Conceited," which had occurred in the course of tbe reading lesson) " Now, boys, suppose that I was alwaysboastuig of my learning—that I knew a good deal o* Latin for instance, or that my personal appearance was—that I was very good-looking, y* know—what should you say I was V Straightforward Boy (who had caught the speaker's eye)—" I »h' say you was a liar, 8*!"—Punch. " GLASSES BOTJHD !" — Ancient 'Long-Shore Mariner (who has picked up at a " marine store" 41 1 old telescope with an inscription, "Presented to Thomas Smith, for preserving life at sea," &c.;) —" Ah, ifs all very well for hindependent gents like you to come down 'ere in summertime a- pleasurin', but yon what it is in the winter when you gents is tucked up in bed all snug an' comfer'able, while we sailors hu to go out in the 'owling winds an' ragin* storms to resky poor fellows from droundm'. Why, this werry spy-glass"— (Shows . inscription.) "But there"—(Modestly saying no mora about it) 'Any and Fred (reading)—"Lor*, did yer, though!" (Result, two half-crowns,)— Punch's Almanac. ___ ^JJ 