LEICHARDT. Tho history of Australian exploration con tains do more Interesting pages than tho jo dovotod to tbe reoitsl of tho unselfish enter prise and enthusiastic devotion of Ludwig Loiohardt. Ono of a band whoso doeds have equalled thoBo of tho moat enterprising of ex- plorors in othor parts of tho world, ho stands forth with tbo heroes thoso who yielded up their Uvea In tho oamo of dlsoovory. With Kenned), Buiko and Wills, Loichardt and Mb companions must over be regarded ns martyrs In tho iuterasfK of humanity, Tbo batlie In whioh they fought was one of toil, priva'ion, aad uuspeakablti dangers. Their eoomics were thlrs. a id hun ger. fcWilh these hoforo them thoy plungod into tho trackless wilderness with tho ro.idy confideuoe of enthuslaftts porsJ8sfld of tbo re sources of intelligence and ooura;o. And they died in the encounter— how we sall presontly hear, when the precious relics of tho iutropid explorer have beon brought from tbo placo of their diaoovory, aid tho history of the disi ster is given to tbe world, For many years past tho fate of L-ichardfc and his oomfaiions has excited much speonl.i- ion, Tb' se explorers who followed nf tor tbem havo been divided in opinion ns to whether thoy wcro dtstroytd by tbo bluoks, or woro overcomo by ono of the si fioods of baok wotors wblch, rising snddonly, sweep dowu upon tbo ow.laud? aod, as by magic, convert tbo plains nto.a sra Iu'4Da Vis's Tracks of tho MMCtnJay Party, this latter hypothecs Ie adopted as being raoBt probable. M'Kinlay, a1; any rate, in dicates tbo destruction of tho party in tho fnot that a hoad ornament of goat's hair was found by him in a wblrlie, Loiohardt, it may ba re membered, took with him a Ibok of goalB to assist ia tho support of his party, Howovor the question will soon bo oloarod up. Leiohardt was a Pruss;an, And was educated in Paris. He was born In tho year 1814, so that when tho world last beard of him as ho set forth from Canning Downs, on the 2Gth February, 1813, ho was 31 years of age — ia the full ardor of hope and courage. From early yoath he had exhibited au aptitude for and love of natural silence. Botany iu particular bai obnrms for him, aod it wok in a largo eooss that, with tho view of investigating the botauioal roBourcos of Aus tralia, he was induced to coma to Sydney in the Sir Alfred Pagst, in 1S10. Hire be made many friends, His gentle manners and his quick enthusiasm were alike calculated to win the goodwill and affection of those with whom ho was associated. Toe leading me a io the sLter colonybeoame bis friend, so thAt tbs darling purpose of his life— the pursuit of scien tific inquiry — was largely assLtod, Among the very mauy of thoae who reoognlsid the broad, unselfish character of the man, his intrepid nature, his ateiliug modo&ty; and general worth, was Lieutouant Lyud,iu offiosr attached to the regiment then sLv.ioned ia Sydney, A warm friendship cprang up between this gentleman and the youug Gjrmaa, and soon after. Leiohardt started upon his journey aoross tbeCoutioent to Port Euington, Lieut. Lynd, doubtless sharing in the pretty general view tbut tho attempt was suicidal, comporod tho verses whioh will presently be quoted. As oveols turned out tbe forebodiog was not tbeu r ftiisea ; dug goo jicq were '.uo sureiy pre- phetio of tbe falo which uiiimately overlook Leiohardt. Ludwig Leicha?df, a true marytr to tbe oause of soientitio knowledge, wai best known in Sydney as a-i enthuBtantlo botauls., until, by his expedition to Fore Ejaingtoo, be proved that ho postered all tho qualities of an in trepid explorer. Ho bad just returned from a botanical expedition in the Morotou Bay dis trict, when tho id»a wai in-iutd of au over land journey to Port Es3ington. Tno pro j out wi.fi ut a kind to uruu$e the warrueBt iutorust n such a man. Hi uai a ralud which was not content to be bounded by tho limit of ai ' encyclopaedia, Ho d sired himself to pe. e trate in 0 tbe roysteriei of thb unknown. Aud so it wa, with 01a aoiorlstlc oagurno, thur-. bn the 13th AugUHt, 1844, be took tho field us )cn?Fr of the expcdiuou. His party consisted of eix individuals, v<z , Janie Calvcrf, John Roper, John Murpny (a youmr Sydney native, about 1G yoars of age), Wm. Phillips (a 0 mvlct), ind " Harry Brown" (an aboriginal). Upon arriviug by steamer at Brisbane (now oapital of Queecsland), Mr Gilbert (a naturalUt), Mr Bemberton Hodgson, 0»leo (a negro), aid Charley (uu aboriginal) joiod tbe party— mak ing up ita strength to ten persons, Tneyt ;uk with tlitm sixteen bead ot ca'tte, siventcon horses and an abundaucc of pruvishms, aud on tbe 1st October, 1844, left behind them tbo last vculige of s-ttlemunt, and piuaged into ibe tr&ckle.-s; busb, But this journey did not pment suoh for midable difficulties fti it bai buert prodioced would provo disastrous to the expedition, Toe country was by no means uncravers thb ; and alibough runny delays occurred, and tbe paty had to oncouuter tbe dangers aid losaes urluiug from fiooos and the pcrsistoat hostility of thu natlvep, tbo etory of tho expedition doe not reveal tbe disasters whioh havo a'lteudfcd ai- ventures of u similar kind since this of Lelotuvdfc'ij, But the nifrlt'of tho fenk lay In tbo fnoc that tbo galUut littlo paty beaisd by Leiohardt entered upon their work with a firm iutentiou of overcoming any obituok'?, aid tbwp otit of their courage is now seen in the settlement of the couotry they opaced up. As a rule their progress wai but little Impeded, and they did not Buffer from lack of food. In storf, the r>arativr, told doubtless with tbat mudesty which wus one of Liicbardt'e cbif obarmr,is singularly free from those eeneationnl incidents whioh usually epice tho tu'.cs of tra vellers, At the outset he informs u» th&t; the daily ration tor ine eigut members of tho party (Lr two bad returned to Mareton Bay) cmsLcul of Gib of fLur and 3lb of dried beef, which L'iobnrdt naively enough ounslders "quite enough to keep up their strength," To this of course wat oaca-iuually udJed game and fiau ; so tbat altogether the party did not suffer from any of tbut terrible want of food wbloh kill-id Burke and Wil'nud marly kllLd Sturt— toe lathtr of Austrnhai explorer. Rcadiog the explorer's diay wo come acros? the following : — 2-lth May, It was ibo Queen's birthday, and we were camped ou tho Lynd river. Wa celebrated the da/ with what— as our only rema:ning luxury — sve were a jcui- tomed to call a fa'-cak, made of four pounds of Hour aud s -'me auof, which we had h tvad for tbo expreis purpose, together with a pot of sugared tea. Wn had for sjv&nil; moatbs beeu without sugar, with the exception of about tea pounds, which wai reserved for cases of illuois and for ftstiva's.- So noocHsxry dots It ttppui? to human nature to interrupt tho monotony of life by marked dam on which we indulge Iu recolltotlons of tbe past, or in medltatloas ou tbo futurr, that we u'l enjoyed ttus days us much, and even more, thau wbeu sirrouudpd with nil the blessings of oivlllsod s jcloty ; a'- though I am free to confess tb»t f#t-oake a„d Bugaredtta in pr.«pectu might iodneo us to watch with more cagerncoa for the npproaoU of thi so days of feustiug, There wero bodcits several other facts interpsfclng to tho nsycoho- Jopist, which exhibited the iofhenco of our tolitary life and the unity of our purpi H9 on our minds. During the euly part of' my journey, I bad been carried bock in my dreams to scenos of reont dato. and into the snoiety of men with whom I had lived shortly before Btartiug on my oxpf'ditiou. As I proceeded on my journey, events of oarlltr date returned to my mind with alt tho fantaB- tlo psioolatloos of n dream; and scenes of Eog- land, Italy and France, pais d euocoieively. Then followed recollections of my University life, of my parent?, and tho members of my family ; nnd at Est tfio days of boyhood and Bchool-At one time as of a bay a'rnld of tbe look of h's rnaater, and now, with the indanen- j, ,ge oommuQloating to and diBOUEfling with him the progress of my 3 urney, the courses of tbo rivers I had found, nnd the po slble advantages of my disooveri.a. At tbe latter pa-t i<f tbs jmrney I had, es it were, rotracod tho whole coarse of my life, aud I was now In my dreams almost invariably io Sydney, canvassing for support, aod imagin- 5 that si though I had left my camp, yet that I should, return with now resources t carry tw through the rcsnslndor of tbe journey. It was very remnrk tbl-j ta"; nlmoBt aU my compaulona were tnvftriahly an- tioipnuDg the end of our journey, dreaming that they reached tho bqa oosst, and met ships, or that they wero nfc Port Eartnaio? enjoying the pleasurtH of oivillsad life ; wmj' I, on awaking, found my party and 4Qy j® terest In tho place whoro I bud lot t theui U my dreams," The spirit of tho leader ny director ie shown in these psychology differences. If the journey itself, si far ss couocrnej tho difiiouUUs of country aud Hup.i: cf frod wero oonoerncd, win q0 of a very formidable obarnotor— a gnugodbj after i xpluiations, or by Eyro's uffarioganaj disasters — it w»s marked by some painlu! jQ, cidente. Tho death of Mr Gilbert was one of tbofcp, Tl 0 pnr! y hod beon following Ibo courao of the Mllchcll. Finding, howovcr, that thi, putsued too northerly a direction, Lolcb;ird| aetcrnilucd to sriko woatward for tLa Gull of Oarpontarin, On 28th Jiiq, tboy camp d uoar a ohsin of ahulluw lngoont. 5lr Roper aud Mr Culvert m.jL tent wltbin a belt of tree. Ic opened toward a pile of pucksnddL's, Messrs Gilbert an4 1 Mnrpby pitched their tent among some sa;aU UeeaM, a dbtance. PhUUpHoampod by h. self on tbs oppesito sldo of tlia lagoon, " Our firoplnce," writes L;iehardt, " wj mado outside of the trece on the hunks. Bcovq tbo aboriginal, bad shot six whin' ling duolcs aai four teals, which guvu ua a good dirinor, durm? which tho principal toplo of couver-;r.i.m <,ur prtdmble dis auco frcm tho sea c. a <f ; for jf was hero that wo first found broken sashelU(f tha genus oythorea. Alter dinu?r Epor and Oslvrrt retired to their font; Qilbeit, Btown I and John Murphy woro plaiting palm lo«vsRfg 1 make a hnl; aud I stood musing near tbe fir?. I pliico looking at their work, and ocoasionMly I , joining in their conversation. Mr Gilbert wu I congratulating himself upon having loarned ti ' plait. When ho hud completed uboutaytd ! bo retired with John Murpby to fciicir to. t. This, wan about 7 o'clock, aud I stiolohod tu\\.' self upou the ground at a little dlHtauco from the fire, and fell into » doz', from wbioh I suddenly aroused by a loud noise, and a oi)i f'jr holp fiom Ropcrand Culvert, Tho nntlvei bad attacked us, Tboy hud doubtiCBa Wstchcj our movomentB during the oftcruoou, aod m&rkodthc; portion of the difforont tents; nnj so soon as it wna dark, had souakod upun and throw a shower of spears at tho tents cl Calvert and Roper and Gilbort, aud n fow »l>o at that of Phillips, together with ono or t«v,i toward tho fire. Charley aud Brown call d for oaps, which I hastened to fiud; au4 ns soon ab they wero prnvid.d they dh. charged tboir guns Into th« crowd.of nntivir who instantly Hod, leaving Roper and Calvott pierced with several ap?arp, aud sovorly beaks by their waddles. Several spoars woro barbed and oould only bo extracted with groat riilfi. culty. I had to forco one through Iho arm of Roper, and to out another oat of the groin o( Mr Culvert. " John Murpby had succeeded in getting act of tho teut, nnd concosling hiuiBth behind ,1 tree, tired upon tbu native, Eevoroly wouodln; tno ol them before Brown had diHcharedhi gun, Not seeing Mr Gllhert I aslced for him, and Charley told me that ho was klll<d. Ho bad oome out of his tent with gun, shot and po der, and h&uded; them to C. arlcy ; thon ba dropped down dead. I ba tenocl to tho spot. Tbo poor fellow was lying on tbo ground a little distance from tbe tire. Upon exa-nlniag hlin I soon found, to my sorrow, tha. oveiy sign of life bad disappeared. His body, how. ever, was atiil warm, and I op ned the velu of both armp, ss well na the tcuopirjl artery, hut in va'u j tho strEaic of life l<a:l stopped, ur.d bo was numbered wth the do:.d. "As ooon as we recovered from the panto Into which wo were thrown by this sad ovoot, every precaution wns taken to prevent another buvr.rlse. Wc watched through the night, nad extitigwAhod our fires to coucoul our individual pt sUfi n from the natives. " Mr Roper bad received two or throe spear wounds On tho scalp of his heal ; ono spear had parsed through his left arm, another into his ch<=ek below the jugal bone, and peautraUd the oibit, and injured the optic nerve, Auothet Bi-Cftv had entered his loins, aud ho had re ceived a heavy blow on the sbouldor, Mr Dulvpri: hud received nnvnrnl hlmvfi frnm \ w&ddi; ; one on the nose, which bnd crushed tba nasal bonis, one on the elbow, aod another on tho back of hia hand ; besides wbloh a ba-bed tpear bad entered his groin, and anotUor bai penetrated abovo the knee. Both sufferod great pain, and wero uoarcely able to move. Tba spear tbat bad.kUled Gilbert had entored the cbrst between the clavicle and tho nook; but it had made eo small :v wound that I was un able for some lime to do'.eot it. From tbe diicctiion of the wound bo had probably re ceivcrl the spear when stooping to le&vo; bis tent." I.u tba moruing L-iol ardt drrs'od lis com panions' wound, and it says no 1-ttle or his skill tba, notwithstanding tbe everity of the Irjuri.fi, tbo sufferers rallied well. Poor Gilbert was interred na the spot, nnd a large fire was made over his grave to l.rovmt tbe natives from disaovoriog its position. But the na'ives had d stppoarod. la ha early morning they had been lua?d to o -co and waii, ai though some or one of their number had beon killed or injured. Traces cf blood were found upon their trAcks. None of Ihe horses or oattlo were touched. Leicb&rdt; narratoa the following amusing Incident " On 10:h July, at dusk, whon Charley brought in the horses, two of which we tet bored unar the camp, the form of a native gilded like a ghost into our camp, aid walked directly up to the fire. John, who first svw him, cried out-, ' a b.'ack follow ! look a bhickfeilow,. and every gun wai ready,, Bnt the stranger was tin- a-med, and evidently unconscious - of fail position ; for when be saw hhmelf surroundid by the horses and oursulv<s, ha niuably climbd a tree to its very eummit, whore he siod between some dry braiobcfi like a straigs phantom or a statue. We called to him aid made signs for him to descend, but ho uot ciuly remained Bilont hut motioaloss, notwUhatand- ing All the signs and nom wo made, Wo theu discharged a gun, but it bad nit the intended eihot of induoing blm to speak or stir. At last I desired Charley to aeceud a neighboring tree, (0 show him that wo could eu ily get at him if noceia- nry. This plan waa mora succeosful ; for no sooner wero Charley's intentiouj perceived than our friend gavo tho most evident proof of hi being neither deaf nor dumb, by oalliog out most hiHtily. He pooh'd, he burred, bo spat, I e cooecd ; In fuot, he did everything to make the eiient forest re- echo with the wild sound of bis alarm ; our horses which wore standing tiudor the tren beoame frighteoed, and thoid which were loesi ran nway. \Vo were ujuuu Hiruiu ma. (ua gonoea wouiu bring the whole tribe to his assistance, and everyone eagerly proffered his udvio. Cbarloy vviBhed to shoot him, " or," said he, " you will all be killed, I do not earn fur my- Eelf, but I oare for your bolng dead a:d bmied,". Others wished to remove from tbe spot and so give him an opportunity of esaap- ing, 1 whs, of oourap, horrified a, the idea of shooting a poor fellow whose oaly crime, if so it might be called, was In having mistaken our tire for that of bis own tribe ; so I wont to our own tire, which was at a short distance, and where bo oould see mo disriootly, aia made signs for him to dsscend and go away Bo then began to be a little mure quiet, and to talk ; but eoon hallooed again and threw sticks at me, and at my companions and at tbs hoxsQ. Wc now retired about eight yards to allow him to eeoupe, which wo had not does before, becaiiHoI foircdhe might imagine wa wero afraid of -his incantations, for he sicg moat lamentable corroboties, nnd cried liken child, frequently exclalmlug 'Mmekrtl Martka ! ! ' Aftor continuing his IamouL- Lons for some time, but of whioh we tuok as notioe, they gradually ceased ; and in a foff moments a slight rustling noise was heard atd 1 c was gone, doubtless delightod at hnviu scaped from tho hand of the palo-fjwtd nthropopbftgi." On the 18th July tho sight of the broAd ocean cheered tho hearts of tbe little baad, whonce by a northwest course they inado fo? Port Esdngton, which settlement they reached on the 17ch December, receiving a hearty wel come from tho command <nt, Captain Mao Arthur. After spending Christmas at tblt lemoto settlement they returned to Sydney io n. ccaaiDg schooner, arriving on tho 23th March, 1846, having been . abssnt about 20 months, during which thny had traversed soma 3000 miles, had disoovorod largo traots of fertile country, and had been enabled to trace the course of a large number of rivers. Tbe weicoiBQ Leichardt and bis companion received upon their return was of. the tnoit tnlhuaiftHtio character. A public subscription was at once initiated ; and within a few weeks the contributions, wblch came in from all parte < f tbe country, amounted to upwards of L15Q9; lu whlob L1000 WAB added by a vote of tbe A< h mbly, to be divided amongst the leader and his party. Well did they deserve the applause and tbs reword they mot with, The country throw open by Leiohardt Is now settled; and Qaoons land, to whose honor lies tho discovery of tbs illustrious explorer's ratios, has go-id roosou to cherish his name, 'and bear his dosds in gratefrl memory. Some of her rlobeat districts wet first explored by tbo tittle band lad by Ladlf Leichardt across the continent ; and the ret lets whoso flecks fatten oq the naeturigei » tho Bolyabdo.tho' Bardoklu and tho Lynd,have £oUuaui»t>nti«l reason to ndinirri and honor the man to whoto onergy and high Inteiugonoo the diaoovery of thoro rioh rsgloue Is due. Hoply few, however, who now travereo these tracks with confidence and in eafoty evor oall to nnind tho etory of tho adventures of tho heroes —for suoh thoy wore— of Lelohardt'd first expedition ; nudfow, wo doresay.kaow whenoe the rlvora whioh flowed through tho land da- stived iheir uames. . Tho following ia » dlfttyof tho journey Atiivpd ot Jcmbour 30th September, and left lat October ; reaohod tho Oondnmine 7th Octobtr ; Dftwson dbcovorod Dth November, and nftiiu'dUfter Mr R. B. Daw-on of Casino ; C lvoit'rtl'lainB, (named after J. S. Calvert, one of the patty), roaohed Gth Novombor ; lollowed down tho Dawaon northorly, but left ftvhen It merged eastward, 14th November ; liloblneon's Oroek and Murphy's Creek, (after 'tho lad Murphy), roaohed lUib Novembor ; Mount Nicholson to the wes (named nftor ibr Nlcholspc), 27th Novombor; Bjyd 'River ( named after Benjamin Boyd the founder of Edm), 23th Novembor; yDDa Qrcok, 2nd Deoombor ; rangis -ghlcd to itbo north nud north-west, aud na:n?d Christ- xuas Range, 10th Dooember ; Browu's La;oona Rafter Brown, one of the pany) 10th Dec -mbor; Albinla Downs reaohod 25th December j the comet SEca for tho first time 2dih December, ..-eud uamul a creek reached Uth Jatuia»y, 1815, Comet C oek ; Maokou/.io River (afcer Sir 3Cvaa Mackouzlo) reaihtd 10 Ui Januay ; jviount Stownrt (after Mr Stow art, ft veterinary aurgoon ol Sydney) 18:h January. At New- iiiau'd Creek (so named after the late Mr Now- man, curator ot the Hobart Town Botanic "Gardens) wai reached 20;h January. (Here .LeioliaTUt plunted eomo peach nbanea which bad bem given to him by Mr Ntiwinau. At tbo heed ot tho creek beheld Potk Range to th9no'to, nud thtea ptaks whioh wore cllod Ropei's I'oak, Scoit'd Peak, aud Mnoarthur's Peftk. A< other wnn ordlud after Mr Culvert, of the pa ty. 27tb January. Ascended Oamp- lieira Pfftk (after Mr Campbell, squatter, of iiDarliuK Dowdb), G'h Februa-y ; found Hughes Greek (itft?r Mr Hughe?, of Darling Downs), 12th Fclnmry. R'.ached a river, and uairi'd it .alter Mr F. I atos of Darling Downr, 13;h Febraary. Followed up this river for 70 miles until 5th Marob, and wont througli a moun tain gorge ut its hfad to tho head of a oroek, whioh wai culled Suttor's Greek, 7th Marob. Followed this creek nea-ly due north. Toe Capo River (named a'ter the captitn of tho Shamrock) joins the Suttor in ltaitude 20:lcg. "lOminr. aud the course cba-igoi to N.E. Found tho Burdokin (uainod after Mra Butdckln, of Sydney) 27 th Mrcb. Two xnountniL.s, uamed Mount O'Connell and Mouut Graham, ightod 2 ad April. Travelled up the Burdokin, Rabey'd rangc3 to the right, until Gto April. Por -ler'd racgo further on. Both these ranges were nomed after contributors to the expedi tion, Pttseed a river to the west, and named it after tho Rev W. B. Clarke, of Parrnmatta, :22nd April. Another river (q Ailed ttfto: Cup- tain Perry, Doputy Survoyor-Geueral), 24:h i.pEu; itxouuv ijftog vaitei x/r xitng;, o .a raay. After pasiiug Mount Ling, explorod Separa tion Creek, named eo from ih dividing tbe Ibasalt from the primitive formation; but tind- ing that it went to tho north-east, pctvovered until- a river which wai named after Lieut. Lynd was discovered 22 ad May. C4 dug down tbe Lynd oomo to Kriohnor Raugo (uaraed after Couju) for Austria) 5<h Jung; Mitchell River (aftor Sir Tnomas Mlcoboll) nud wbioh fla joined by the Lynd, reached XG;b June, but as it led too far north loft it here aad 1 1 a veiled west. 2G'-h June, travelling to couth and west. 28th June, attacked by iantivea, iu which encounter Gilbert was killod, and ll-jper and Culvert seriously wounded ; left this oamp lat July, travolliug in the same direction and came to salt wa cr oa tho 5.b. Natives unfriendly or afraid, but on 20sb July held nome oommuntoitiou with them. Fduders River (Yappar) reached 2Gth July ; moved to tbo west 30th July; Albert River 5.hto the 10th August; crossed Beamfs River, named after Mr Walter Beames, of Sydoey, 10th August ; Nicholson River, named after Dr Nicbolton, of Bridtol ; Moonlight Creek, explored by moonlight, 22nd August ; Smith's Creek, after Mr Smith, of Darling Down?, 26tb August; Marlow ltlvor, nanod after Captain Marlow, of the Engineer?, 29sh Augunl;Turuer's Creek, aftevMrCjwperTurner, of Sydaey, 2nd September ; Wcntwortb Creek after W. C. Weutworth Eiq., 4th September Van Alphen River, G;b Soptombor ; Cilvort lilver alter Mr Oatvert, one of the explorer?, Sih September ; Abel Tasmau River, 0;h Sep tember ; Seven Emu River, 14th September ; Cycaa Crcok andRobinson River (thela3t after Mr J. P. Robiaooo) 10th September ; Maa- a'thur River (tbo Urgent aeeu, and named ifter Meesra Jumes and William Mcarthur, of -Camden) 21st September ; StermlU Oroek, 29th and 30th September ; R<d Kangaroo River, lat and 2ad October; Cape Mania, Gth October ; Limmen Bight River, 9tn Octobor, Four flat-topped oone3 ot sandstone ftho four AicIh'ch (after David, Obarlee, John, and Thomas Arohor, of Moreton BaD and cro-sed L'mmon Bight River 14 "h October; "Wiokbam River (after Captain Wiokham of 'Brisbane 14th October ; " Sprln?," tbe kan garoo dog, died IGth Ootober ; Roper River N.E. to S.W,,-li)th and 20th October, lati tude 14 47, longitude 13510; t'lrce horses drowned and botsniciU colleodon destroyed 2Ut Octob r ; Hodgsm's Crook (-titer Mr Pcmber- tou Hodgsm) and NVilton'd Creek (after Rjv Mr Wilton, of Nuwcastle) jolniog from the north ; another hor.sa drowned 23cd Ootober ; croeaed the Roper, 24 ;h Oetobec ; Creek, 23 d November ; left the Greek (coming frora_ the west) to go north lat. 13dag. 5Gji1d. 35aeo ; 4th November ; South Alligator River was reaohed 24 Lb Novembor; GO miles from its mouth, aud 140 from Port Eisingtou. Met natives talking what was meruit for English, 27tb November ; mot natives talking EagliaU, 2nd December; cross id the Alligator River, Gth December ; four days from tho Peninsula and six from Port Essiogton— native es;imate. Nynalls Lagoon, 10th Deoomb?r ; Mount .Morria Bay, 11th Daoembor ; Rafll s Bay, IGth .December ; arrived at Port Esdnglou, 17th Docomber, 1S15, and after a stay of a month sailed for Sydney in tho sahoener llermione, Caplain Mnokonzle, The bardflhipv, and toil, and privation whioh this Intrepid man had undergoce uo far from deterring him from tho llko adventures, only served to whet his desire to again enooouter them iu the cause uf discovery. The groat idea occurred to him of crossing toe entire continent from o:st to west. Undaunted by the fact that Sturt had Inen turnod back in hla attompt to poootrato tho mysteries of tho Interior by tbo cxletenco of a huge desert of sand, and an utter nbssnce of water, Liiohardt resolved to make ibe attempt to orois from oast to west. Perhaps the very obstacles of whioh he was io- 'Snrmcd-only sorvod tbo more to urge his caj;or spirit ou, Tbe dissuasions of hie friends— aad lie had pcerea — could not move him from the xcBolutlou which be bad focmod. He remom- bered, perlnpe, when ho undertook his first expedition the d'smal forebodings with Rvhich his projeot was groetod. Atauyrnto, equipped for the venture, aid full of fceart and cnurago to bring it to a ; GlltvinfHfnl iMcttio. Iig nntnrnrl unnn his 'journey on tho 10th of October, 1817, He 1 ad made aoareful sileotloa of oom- r-anioDH, whose names wero reapeotivoly Hen- ftiy, Olusion, Donald Stuart aud Kelly— to gether with two blackfelltuvH. He had made every arrangement for the oarriape of proviaions and supplies wbioh his pa&t; experlenoo sug- . gested ; and full of high hope and confidence weutfoilb once moro to dj battle with tho 'tvildernc9. Writing from Canning Downs 1 under date, 2Gbb February, 1818, he etatee that \- Ibe intended to start on the 28tb, \- following down the Oondaminc, up .the Victoria, and then tntaku a omrsiuortn to the ' pulf. At this point ho proposed to strike west. Jde expreeted liimeelf as being confident of '. fcUCCCHS. \ nere the b:ok is oles'd. Yoir followed 1 ' yen- and r:o word oamo from o concirnlug the : Iband. Tlrao wore ou, At iutorva's vague rumoiK of the existenoe af white men in J.. Alio great undiscovered otuutry ot the i zuL'th-wtHb would bo sit abroad, but no < . Jirocf or vhadow o! proof was given to the t world Other expIo-aToes followed. The continent' vni travorted nrth ad west, ' he tnterprlsn of Burke and Wills, of Lands- Xorougb, of MTClnluy, of Forrest, of Giles and \- othera served to open up the land. Yet no. i,2 word other than that of rumor name to us oou- ?? cerolDg tbo gellant Leiobardt and his friends. \'y The line of route be had taken bad boon fol- Aowed by fucceielve explorers. The country fitself beenmo eettled. Tiacea of tbe party baa T been discovered. , But beyond tbo logonta of tthe blacks tbat white men lived In a remoto district of untravtrsed country we beard i nothing. Alt thftf time a few ardent frlondr of the ox plerer were unoeasing in their efforts to arouse ,t the publio Interest in tbe quo3tioo. With a g (lively appreciation of tbe value of tbe explorer's 4 BPrvlces, the . Government of New South $ , Wales bad offered a reward for the diaoovery <o! Leiobatdt, but none oame forward to claim She prize. Time rolled on aud etlll silence & Reigned New Interotta filled mon'a tnlude. £he gold diacovoriea and the revolution they brought about wero the most Important of these It la curious to note that in some do- f ret) the development of gold- bearing country n tho north lias in some sense brought about a solution of the myBtory The Mulligan, the river in the vicinity of which tho relics have boon found, is namod after a prospeotor, to whom iu a latpe degree the opening up of aurlforous oouutry in Northern Australia is dae. About the year 1372, n statement was pub- linked in tho Sydney papers that Arthur Hume, a raau who was thon under sentence of Ion yuura' imprisonment for horse stealing, bad d&olarod; that when on tho River Comet, in 18G3, ho had travelled west and uozth-west until he saw the sea. Hero be had ouoountored a white man, who was living among the blaoks. who, be alleged, informod bim that bo was the only survivor of Lsioh- ardt 's party, nud stated that the journals of tho expedition worn buried at a certain spot. The talo was scouted, as that of a mac eagor to ob tain his release upon any pretence. It wai shown tbat Hume had nob said a word about tbo matter until five years of bis oontenoo had expired. However, tbe roan was Interrogated, and his story bearing a certain oonsisteuoy, it waa resofvsd that he should be .released and sent with a party to Bearch for tho white man and tho papers. He undertook tho task with alacrity. Accompanied by two experienced bushmen, named respectively O'iloa and Thompson, ho startod from Dyrio- ver Dow. s, and left the Wilnnu fur Cooper') Oroi.'k iu Novembor, 1874, But at tho outset d eaBter foil upon tho party. They had cot travelled fne ere thoy Buffered from wiut of wafer. An attempt was made to rolraoe their «tcpv. Huroo yielded to bis terrible thirst; his companion O'Hea went mad, waadurcd uway ard also died. Thompson alone, after suffering incredible tortures, got bnolc to Dry- inn's station. No furthor attempt was made. Toe doubt of tbe truth of Hume's story, per. knj.R, damptd enthusiasm. Ib was not until of late that tho rumor of the " old white man" anvng the blacks again ottrcofced attention, Mr Skuthorpp, a Efptntter living on tbo borders of tho eettled distrlo's of the north-west, formed n party. Wo know tho result ; and if wn may mourn that Hume's nar ration was net sooner told and ' acted upon, aud tlmt the o'd whits man wai not glvcu back to us a tve, we may at leaat tako comfort in tho fast that the fate of ono of the moat intrepid of our oxptorori, add ono of the best of men, liar at length been oletirtdup. The following are tho lines written by Lieutenant Lyuci,to which reference is made in an early part of this brief notice You who prepare with pilgrim faoc, Tour long and doubtful path to w<md, If wht.enlug ou the watte ye meet Tho rollei of my murdered frloutl ; UU bon s with reverence ye sha I hour. To where Borao r upliug utrca ulot Qows, There bv I's uio3sy bank proparo The pillow of hU long(ropuao, It ehntl bo n stroata. whoso tides Are drunk by birds or ev'ry wing ; AYlnroov'ry lodlcrfl »wor abides The earJics. wak'uiug touch ol sprlug I All hcimttoiu n .lure's varied charms) - That ho— liormnrtjr'd ron should rise WitJin Ills mother's, fondest aruis. Whuu ye havo mado his narrow bid, An:l la d the good man'dnshos thoro, Ye Bhall kncol down around the dead, Aad wait upon your God iu prtyer. What though no roveread wan bo near, No anthom pour Its solomu broith, No holy a'jIIs invest hh bier With all tho linUowcd pomp of death ; Yot humhlo minds shall find tho Grico. Devoutly bowed up-»ntho sod, To call lhnt_bksihig round the place Which cofa crntoj the aMl to God. And yo tho wlldcnioss hall tell How faithful to tho hopes of men, . Tho Mighty Powor ho served so woll, Shall brin'.ho upon the bones aguhi, Whon ye your gracious talk invod one, Heap not tho rook abovo his dust ; Iho Augol of tho Lorn alono Snail guard tho adies of tho just. .But yo shall hood with ploui cars Tho raem'o of that spot to keep, And noto the marks that culdo «nu where My virtuous friend is laid to sloop. For oh, mcthlnks in other times (And bo thoao happier times at hand) Vt lien science, like tbo smile of Qod, Comes brlght'nlug o'er that woary laid, IIo<v will her pilgilms hnlltho power, Beneath tbo drooping myall's glojui, S o Pit ut ovo, and mourn au hour And pluck a loaf on Lelcbardt's tomb. 