THE OPERA HOUSE. " Fntinitza," a comic opnrn, by Herr von Suppes, was produced for tho first time by Kelly niui Leon's Company nt tho Opera Houso on Saturday evening. The plot, which has been previously desoribed, is full of interest, the action is brisk, the musio is bright aud tuneful, nnd the drnmntia accessories afford scope for n'good donl of '-tasteful display. The scenes are full of variety; .embracing as they do a military camp, a Turkish harcm;.>and a summer palace, nnd tho characters nro1,.)vell drawn nnd sufficiently diversified to mako ,tho opera pleasing and interesting. In n word, " Fntinitza " has nil the bright and sparkling tpialitics, which should belong to opera -houffe. The music is especially good, if not quite original, for many of the airs have n Btrong resemblance to some oE the best nnd most popular melodies of other operas, so that the listener fairly revels in solos and chornscs of the most delightful: kind. These were given with grcnt spirit, nnd tho per formance, both to the eye and the ear, ns a.spec- tacic and a mnsical treat, was a most successful augury of the favour with which Fntinitza is likely to be received in the colonics. In tba leading' rain of Princess Imanoonn, Miss Emma Waogenbciin acted and sang bewitchingly. lier nrtistio grace and charms of person roused the utmost sympathy with the unfortunate Princess, who is carried captive to Miko harem. Sho iuvested tho part with nntnrai nnd life like expression, nnd dressed superbly. The houso applauded rapturously, nnd certainly Miss Wangonheim hns never been seen to hotter ndvantnge, although alio is deservedly so great a fnvourito on tho Sydney stage. 'Mr. Edwin Kelly impersonated the blustering Russian, - General Knntetnikoil, with a due amount of swnggcrand hectoring parade, nnd sang in good voice. The manner in which this boisterous son of Mara, " albeit, unused to the melting mood," softened . in making suit to his lieutenant, whom he failed to recognise in female attire, wns extremely laughable. The lieutenant is plnycd by Stuart Bolton, and both before nnd while mas querading ns a gashing, hut robust, young damsel, he was quito lit home, nnd contributed (IlllUll IU lilU IIUllllU iUl ilUIUUtll VJi biiv although, how so excellent a tenor voice can im pose upon so astute a general for n moment, is t matter for wonder. The special war correspondents ot the New York llcrnid, Julian Hardy, is repre sented by Mr. Edwin Luster, who brings tint all Hie acumen and versatile talents of so ubiquitous and clever a press man with becoming skill and gentlemanly deportment. The soug in which Julian introduces himself und his mission,- reminds ono of lite Major-General of the " Pirates of Penzance," nnd ,\lr. Lester does justice to it. The minor characters were well filled. Tho wives of the Turk, who are fanned by black hoys in their luxurious hnretn, deserve special mention, The opera \va3 excellently mounted by Mr. Wilson, whose snowing scene is especially rcnlislio and at tractive. The shadow pantomime, a la D'Arcy Read's Ghost, which is introduced in the second act, was skilfully executed, nnd roars of laughter were evoked when the dramatis persona appa rently vanished through the roof. The costumes, military ar.d Turkish, of the ladies were new, elegant, nntl abounding in effective contrasts of colour. Tlic orchestra, under the leadership of Mr. Frank Kngarde, performed it3 work efficiently. Fatinitza will be repeated to-night. 