A LASTING MEMORY. ! Tiie night of my roturn I wont to tho ;Il«ymarkot Theatre.' Aftor my long wandor iugs my arrival had disappointed mo. It iwas a dull Novombor Saturday, London was not full, nnd I found soaroely any of tho Igroetings I had longed for and oxpooted. My :fow rolativos woro absont; in tho Chubs I 'hnlnnrrnA T stnlo fann/1 r.»ynnnn.n rn-mn ;hung heavy On my hands aftor the strango eoenea of tho pnet fivo yoars. So I wont to ;tho Hoymarkot. Tho littlo thoatro had always beon my fancy. I romombored it from very early youth — Farron, Wobstor, Baokstdne, Howo, Iloll, Mrs. Nlsbit, Mrs. Glover, Jnlia Bennot, and Mice P. Hoiton. I have never boen a groat thoatro goer or dovoteo of tho drama, and my knowlodgo of the trioal ! history is pretty well oonilnod to tho Hay markot. CHAPTER I. Tn&n;& was rather a long -m{r' acte, and my mind, by InBtinot, bat mistily went - ovor j different occasions ot play*going. Hero I had been with A, and B, and C, In days when the ond of the play was tho beginning of the evening. . Nearly opposite once existed a kind of hell upon earth called Bob Orofi/a, i wbithe'ryoung mon went merely beaaueeltwas , disreputable. Once or twice in early youth I bad boon ! taken thore, and I had not fancied it, for i rough amunements had never beon to my i liking. At Mr. Croft'o an ordinary evening generally ended in a fight, and a uot very ' extraordinary one in a polico invasion. Here i I bud been kept from hirra'n way by Jock ] Campbell !— siuco dead. Onco — tho ruraom- i brnnue followed quick — I, had como to tho theatre in a box with Jock Campbell and i 'othera. Arabng them whh Lydia Miinwtmr- { iug. Tho plfty was the same an that now I being acted — the il School for» Scandal.' I glanced at the box wo hnd occupied. It Was empty. The curtain ajjain rung up. Auother enir'acto. The box was RtUl ompty, I Bighod. My longed-for roturn had been such a disappointment. I h»d almost expected to aeo some friend in the box. Ourioua— in a box near it two hunda in blaok gloves are holding an opera glass directed toward m». The wriato etein familiar, small, but with hard wirev sinews expressing power aud strength. The next timo I looked up, the hands and the glans are there no longer, and their owner has retired to the back of the box. The play was over, and a well-kapwn furco was about to commence. The atalls were half-emptied, when a well-known face came and greeted me. It was Sir Eitne Egerton, c once a schoolfellow, then a clergyman — a e vocation ho hud renounced oil succeeding to 1 a baronetcy and a property. Ho was a t kindly, dull man. r 'WosterhRtn,' ho said, 'I had no idea 3 you wero in London.' v 'I havo only just returned after nearly 1 five yeara, wandering in the two Americas.' a ' I knew you were travelling somewhere, 1 but no one ever heard from you.' a ' I wroto to bo few people,' I answered ; 1 'and no one wrote to me. I have been a beyond the range of all news, public or c private.' r ' Then, I dareaay, you never heard of, my* fc marriage? Come up and make the acquaint- c anoa of my wife.' . J He took me to the box in which I had soen v tho bUck gloven; . 11 My de*r, I don't think you ever knew a my /old frie&d; Lord We^terham, though a 'I beiiove you come from the' same country v and bare tho same name. He has just re turned from South America/' Lady Egerton bowed for a moment with- t out a word. Then, an though to make ra- j paction. Bhe said: ' I am always glad, Esma, to B?e buy of your friends. Welcome home, t I should say, Lord WeBteiham I know you i already from Eamo and others.' h It was the name voioo and the same t gesture aB before— a mixture of defiance and v submission, of zeientment' and fear. To v Esme hor hearing was affectionate and cares- b sing, almost compassionate And full of grali- a fcude. . But to me Lydia Mainwoaring showed no c sign of recognition. u ' I was surprised to hear of Sir Eame's r marriage just no^w» I have had no letters ? for months, find' havo seen no newspapers except in the last few week?.' i ' Won't you ask the wanderer to dino to- 5 morrow ?' suggested the husband. { ' I hope you will come, Lord Westerham. Eame will long to hoar your adventures ; and,' ahe added, moro slowly, and with an - emphasis perceptible only to myself — ' and e they will interest me, too,' aho continued. 14 1 feel a little chilly, Eatne, and I should ' like to go home.' He begged me to eBC.rbhia wife downstairs: 1 whilo ho looked. out for the carriage. When alone Bh« said no word of recogni- 4 tion or ramiuisccnce. 1 41 You muat have seen the play bofore, Lord Westerham.' 'Onoo,' I replied, 'a long timo ago, from the box ne^t to this ono.' « 'Then you will remember to- morrow,' 1 she said as ahe onterod the carriage. ' 1 know your promises are sacred. Good- ,i night.' ? ? . ? . CHAPTER II. My youth was moBb unh'appy. My mothor Jiad married a second time a Welsh clergy-^ man, who had speculated on her family.' Sho was the sister, and later the heir general, ' of Lord Westerham, who, having two boys and »n encumbered entate, could do llttle'for her, ettn if so inolinod. Ttie death of hie two boys made but little obanga in his inclination, as, it seamed to embitter his 1 wife, a hard Scotch Puritan, toward thoBe who wero to uucceed to the inheritance of hor Bona. Nov did it improve tho disposi- j tion toward mo of my stop-fathor. Small, j as woro* my prospects, thoy stood in tho way ot! his son, iny Htop-brothor— an ifhpulsivo, oholeric, sickly boy, who died 1 boforo h\Q fathers. But tny oavly life and homo wore unhappy. My small patrimony ?was seized on by my stop-father, who grudged mo tho food and shelter ho gavo mo for my own monoy. Things could not last thus. At aii early ago I therefore found mysolC living in London with a distant cousin, a oonvoyancor, who g'avo - me a latch-key, und allowed mo to havo my own way, undor tho guidance of . another distant relative, a sport ing man and a , soapegraoo. It was under liis patronago that I becamo acquainted with tho establishment of Mr. Robert Oroft. It is a wonder to me now that I was not ruined in pnrao and reputa tion before I' reached the age of nineteen. Fortunately, I disliked tho society into whioh I was initiated, and after the first fi&ttoring; rtssuranoo that I was ' seeing lifo,' I backed out -jf Mr. Oroft's intimate oirolo. Indeed 1 never entered into his establishment above two or three times — onoo with my oouainj who, having seoured mo the ontree, allowed me alone to improvo the oooasion. It was on my third and last appoaranoo that I made the aoquaintanoe of Jook Campbell* After dining alone with the' oonveyanoer, I loft him to do his work, went to the theatre, and sat in the stalls noxt Jook. I looked inuoh younger than my ago, whioh was not more than soventeen. When I left the theatre 'I croBBed tho Haymarket'and paeaed pp the littlo court whioh led to Croft's. I had engagod to moot my soapo graoo oouein thero. Ho had dazzled mo with tho promise of taking mo to a p.oono of evon greater bliss. At' tho door of Bob Cfbfk's, waiting for it to bo oponod at the nooossary eignnl, stood tho tall, heavy, but well proportioned form that had sat noxt mo at tho theatre. Looking at mo as wo entered, ho said in a tono of compassion.: 'Hillol young man, yon aro boginning early.' I half-rosonted his remarks, and with an air of superiority, I askod the waiter if Mr. Alan M4Tavi8h had arrived. ' Aim, M'Tavishl' Jock Campbell mur mured to himaolf as, on learning that my oousin had not arrivod, I walked into the first room. The rooma wore small and crowded. The gas flamed, but tho floors wore sanded. The space was divided into boxe*, of which only two fiides were fenced off. Tho atmos phere waa thick with amoke ; and there wbb to be found tho refuse of race-cournoa and singing-halls, with a large sprinkling of young men of tho upper and .middle classes, guardsmen, and others who, like myself, Imagined they were enjoying life. Jook Campbell entered aa a king, and was rapturously greeted by all the ansflmbly. Ho waa a splondid fallow, tall, at least bIx feet four, muscular, with great breadth of shoulders, powerful arms, and a handsome high-bred, fair-complexloned face, on whioh he wore a mountachc — an ornament only known in those days to men who, like him self, wero in tho cavalry. ' Good-night, Jock,' the mob cried out. ' Good-night,' he responded cheerily ; and notwithstanding the, vile nurroundinga, hio proaonce ond bin 7ofoe thow«d tho good thore ffa* in the man*. \- Ho waa not moro than lour-and'twenty, md the days had not died out, now almost forgotten, when debauchery wau deemed ;he extreme of wit and good compaoy. 1 Spring'heoled Jack* wrencbiug off door knockers, midnight BurprUea, fights in the itreob, attacks on the police — those woro thq ^leaanrea of many young men of tho world, low staid grandfathers and lightn iu thoir generation. Jock Campbell had fallen into ihefie ways from high spirits rather than 'rora depravity. He was full of energy, itrong, handsome and beloved — beaming with sympathy, which was onliated by his companions for the moment, whether thuno vote Innocent or tho roverae. Bslongiug to 1 regiment in which such pnr«uito were tho rogue, he plunged readily into them. But io was equally popular in ball-rooms with uaideu aunts, or eveu little children, for ho van only pleased with giving pleasure. Waiting for my cousin, I called o&tentatl-; msly for a glass of ' pale white,' the ynonym .for braudy aud water in an un lceuatd institution. An inner xqoling seemed 0 tell mo that Jock Cimpbeli had his oyo on ne; and half- roaontful, yet half-faacinated, ! followed him upstairs with my brandy and ?ater in my hand. The room was much arger, as supper could be obtained there, md a - table stood very nearly the wholo ength of tho room, covered with a cloth potted with gravy, beer, and Btrong drink. . aat down at an occupied cornor of this, ipping my. brandy und water, and smoking a igar, a ;newly- ncquired accomplishment. A nan with a brokon nose, named Shepherd, a -etting man, sat at tho other end. The rest -f the room waa eroded J for it. was known fock Campbell, who had a beautiful voice, pouli be asked to sing * Hpng. 'Come, Jook — a song?' they all cried; ,nd he trolind forth, in a rich, strong tenotf, n Irish song with a rolicktng chorus, in \ rhich the wholo rcom joined. 'Eocore! eucorel' shouted tho crowd, ' I 'ope tho song won't be so noiay, cap- t aiu,' said Mr. Bob Croft, ' acos of the c teelera.' ^ ' All right,' Baid Jock Campbell, as ho 1 00k a puff of his cigar, looking mo straight 1 n the face; and leaning his chin on his 1 tand, ho sang in a minor key, and in a low one,- a pathetic Scotch soug. The effect e ?as extraordinary. The crowd waB hushed c erhiie he sang ; nnd when ho ended, the lost, i lardened women preicut wero crying and t obbing like children. i On myself the effect was electrical. I had ften heard the song in my home, nnd had I IwayB been told that it waa unpublished, and 1 elated to an event in our family hiatory. It ] et me musing. t '.Come, young man,' aaid the broken- 1 lOicd ruffim ac the end of the table ; ' don't t -ot i know it's your duiy to stand the com- 1 jany wjth champagne round ?' J I was quite dazed with the speech. 1 ' If you go wool-gathering, young man,' t sontlnued Shepherd, ' I'll bring you to soon t :nouKh,' _ 1 14 Don't be too hard on the youngster, 1 rim Shepherd,' said Jock Campbell. ' If ho don't stand champagne, I'll knock lis head off,' replied tho bully. * .'No, you won't, Tim,' rejoined Jook. 1 'A big fellow like you can't hie a child like 1 ;hat.' ^ 'No, you can't, Tim,' said tho company. - ' We don'fi wrtnt no champagne.' 1 41 You aliall have some, however,' declared - Jook Campbell ; and ho ordered half a dozen 1 }f Mr. Croft, who brought it up himself. ] 'By this time Jock Campbell had come ; near me. 1 'You must take a glass, youngster, ' he . eald, ' if only for the sake of my soug. Do - you know it ?' ' Yes,' I answered. ' In my family It is ? known as the song of Lydia M-tiowariug, tho Welsh girl who loved the Scotchman.' 'Where do you live, my boy? You hid better go home.' 14 1 am waiting for someonfe.' 'Ainu M'Taviah won't come here to-nij?ht. He has been taken to sponging- house. You. had bettrr leave this, as thore is buto to be a row soon. Can I give you a lift ?' ** I livo in Biker-fttreet.' 'Whatl with old Calveri M'Tavish? It la not far out of my way to the barracks.' Ilis brougham was standing at tho door, aud ho took me home. ' Don't go any moro to Bob Croft1^,'' hq said at putting, 'Trust to my word, it U not good for you, and my name is Jook Campbell. Wo shall moat soon.' . .CHAPTER III. ; : AJjA.n M'Tavisu was soon est freo from tho sponging-houae. Calvort was rich, 'nnd his mission ueemod to be the reloaBo oi Alan - from arreat. He 'was a quaint, kiud hearted, yot evifish old man, who had .dis covered tho secret that immediate compliance Bftved a great deal of trouble. His only hobby was his profeiBion, which had produced, and was producin g a good deal of monoy. ' To a great part of this hiB few relativ6B seemed welcome. Alan helped himself fieely, and was only arreated whon Calvert was out . of . town. I was far moro humble and contented myself with my small means — ample enough, as Calvert would not hear of my paying for bed or board. ' Who iB Jock Campbell?' ,1 asked of Alan. ' As good a fellow an ovor lived. A captain in the — , and a kind of cousin of yours and mine. Did you ever hear the Bong of Lydia Mainwaring ?' 41 Yea, 1 have— often.' , Somohow or other 1 did not.liko to tell the manner in which I had last heard it. 44 Well, since the loves of Lydia( and of Jook' hor lover, the names of Mainwaring and Campbell have been ! intertwined' ' In - almost ovory genera tion. You, at least your mother, is a Mainwaring. Lord Weaterham hu\s married a Campbell, but Lidy Westerham has nearer 'Mainwaring relations than hor husband. Jock^Campbell is hor nephovy, and she has a girl living with hor, half-cousin, h&If-dependent;, whose name fs Lydia Main waring, and whose relationship to Lord Weaterham Is scarcely appreciable.' , 'I wiah! I knew my relations,' I said with a sigh. ' I have 00 fow respectable acquaint ances ? ' Am I not Bufiiciont ?' aBkcd Alan. ' Woll, perhaps I am not respectable,' ho roplied, in his turn. 'You know,' h-» went on to Bay, ' the diffioulty. Lady Westerham has a 1 crochet, and your stop-father is abruto. But j you cortainly should know more poople. It j won't do for your acquaintance to be confined to Calverfc and myself. I'll think it over. Just lond me a couple of pounds.' CHAPTER IV. Loud and Lady Westerham- came to town; and Jock Campbell insisted on thoir asking mo to dinner. Lord Westorham was a heavy, high-bred man, interested in agrioul' ture, and deep in rovlocvs and newspapers. Lady Westerham was the real figure round whioh was grouped tho family hiatory. Agod, with hair grey under a cap, dreesed in * groat doal of rich and old laces, she was in every respect tho grande dame. Her man ners at first were .somewhat assuring ; but thero was a hardneas in her woll-cut features, and a look almost ferooious in hor eyes, overhung by bushy eyobrowa, which impressed you very soon with tho feeling itlmost of c*uolty. She seldom Bmile'd, and never laughed ; and hor ey, with an expreanion of command and triumph, waa constantly Kearobing the lo^ka and watching tho move ments of Lydia Muinwaring. _ It was impossible to. see this girl without pitying her. She was vory boautiful, but never appeared happy. Her eyos wore a startled look, like that of a deor on; the alert — sometimes plinost a look of toivor. It waa Baay to learn tho lecroti L*dy Weaterham aover loft her alone, never omitted eo.oe phase that muat cut her to tho heart. If iho apoko to Jock Campbell or myself, she «vas bidden to leave the room. If absont, she waa rocall«d nnd croBa- qucstloned as to her lofnga. For Jook Campbell alono had Lady iVesterli&m; any affection. He was. ht-r learost relation und her boir. It wa* princi pally on hor income that Lord Westerham j nanagod to keep up Caatle Creasy, hia house 3ver the Scotoh border. Even Lady Westorham's hard .nature yielded to Jock's sunny presence. jeomod .to havo some dominating influence )ver hor, which, at timea, reduced her to iileuce iu tho middle of a cutting remnrk ;o Lydia. To him Lydia owed her fow pleasure*. . When aho went raroly to -he theatre, it was with Jock and myeolf, indor the chaperonago of Calvert M'l'uvish. To myself, Lidy. Westerham wsb very jraoioua. ,c I am glad to know you, Mr. Mastera,' ihe snid, with a slight Scotch accent, ' for ve are doubly couatns; and in Sootland, noro than ehewhero,.we hold tho doctrine hat blood ia thicker than water. I am uampbell and Mainwaring, and nothing eho. rhls girl 1b a Mainwaring, and her mothor vaB. a Campbell, and that'B why she lives' ; lere, Mr. Misters.,' ' I suppose she is a-jcousin also?' I said, ihaking hands with the poor girl, and rather glad to claim relationship with her. ' Yos, in a kind of way. Lydia, you had )ottor go through tho accounts.' Without a word Lydia left the room. A yoar or two after my acquaintance with ho Westorhams my mothor died, aud I be ;amo tho heir to tho titlo and such estato as yont with it. At the bidding of Lord fVeaterham, I assumed tho naino of Main varing, und in tho Winter of tho same year yont with Jook Campbell to Castle Croasy. 'Thoo,' ho said to me in tho train, after imoking in silence, ' I want to tako you into lonfidenco.' The tono in which ho spoke repressed me. It soemod as tlioug-h some iurning-point of my life . was presenting tself. ** Wo'll talk business,' ho said. ' Ihave )Gon thinking over matters, aud I find that, Jarring my Uttlo sister in tho country and ? [jady Westorham, I havo no nearer relation ;han you. Now, I am not going to livo ong. My hoart is shaky, and I know it ; tnd I havo no one to whom, as much as to four self, I can bequeath my confidences, ily little sister is well- provided for. , Sho i«d exactly tho samo fortune as myself, and -ho accumulations will be considerable when »ho comos of ago. I thoreforo intend dividing ny own forfcuno into two parts — ono I shall eavo to her and ouo to you.' I mado somo gesturo of deprecation. 'Don't interrupt me, and don't think I iliall leavo you your sharo absolutely. I lopo not to die just yot ; but whon I do, you ' ;vill receive a letter, making a ohargo on thoi nonoy I leave you. This is what lawyers! sail a secret trust. It is not logally binding ; : sutyou, I know, will respect it. I do not . jvon ask you to givo mo your word. You1 svill know tho letter to be gonuiuo, both from ] my handwriting and from two seals — this one 1 [ wear on my finger, and another with the) initials * L.M.' ' t Tho communication was so saddening that] f could not fiud a word of reply. Probably! my silenco pleased him moro than phrases. I I hopo so. ' i CHAPTER V. . ! Casixe Croasy is a very lonely placo. Tho' houso is built in granite, with a moat round1 it, now dry and grown in grass. Tho ghost; of Lydia Mainwaring haunts ono portion ofi it — a long corridor, with bachelors' roomsj and ending in a billiard-room. Tho houso j was moro gloomy than nocessary, owiug to] its half-tonautless state. It was r'aro that! any visitors wero admitted to tho house,! partly from the want of incomo, partly from1 tho' almost ascotio seclusion of its masters siuco tho death of tho two sons. Ono oustom, alone partly reliovod tho oppressivo character; of tho rosidenco. Gas — not long introduced' into country houses — was kopt burning all night in different portions of tho building: This was absolutely necossary iu caso of any night alarm, and mado up for tho small number of tho servants. Jook and I walked, through tho large, gloomy hall. j 'Thorp is tho lioroiuo of the song,' sho said. T looked up, aud either in imagination or roality saw a striking likeness of tho | prosont Lydia Mainwaring. Wo wont up an oaken staircaso and passed a long gallery;' Then wo woro recoived by tho master and mistress of tho houso. Lydia Mainwaring was with thom, hor oyes moro startled and foar-strickon than boforo. Tho likouoss'to 'the picture a^aiu struok mo. Lord Westerham recoived us in a land but somewhat reserved maunor. Lady Westor ham kissod Jock on tho forehead. Thou sho I turned to mo and said : ; ' I must bid you welcome, Mr. Mainwar ing, though you will enjoy tho inhoritanco of my sons.' * ; Lydia shook hands with us with a look as though sho feared a blow. ' Perhaps you will' go to your rooms ' to dross,' intorposed Lady Westerham. . Thoy are in tho bachelor's wing. Lydia, ring tho boll.' Jock soomed lialf-inolinod to make somo joking observation, but the wholo atmosphere was too ohilling and oppressivo, and wo fol lowed tho butler to our rooms. ! Tho corridor in whioh thoy woro Bituatod waa entered by a flight of four ov five stops' Ovor tho ontrance thoro was a dim gaslight Tho samo ovor tho door of tho billiard-room ? opposite. It containod twolvo rooms, six on ? either, sido.. Thoso woro furnished 'in tho rough stylo with which baoholora usod formerly to bo troatod. . Thoro was a bod vory littlo bettor than a ploughman's, with a dimity ourtain. Patches of carpot woro. placed, horo and thoro. Tho wash-hand- stand was of common painted deal, and tho drossing-tablo-'waa covered with an unblcachod cloth, on whicli stood, a small, plain looking-glass. Tho,, windows hud shutters,, but only- two plpin calico cur tains ; , and a battored tin bath stood .in ono cornor.'' ' My servant will look aftor Mr. Main?* waring,' said Jock to tho butler. . ' Whioh room would you liko, Theo P' ho contJnnp4. * I moolianioally took, tho , first on tho loft* Jock took tho next. . . *' We must hpvo a firo, .Waters,' said. Jook Campbell to the butler. ' 'My lady, haB said nothing tome about it,' answered tho latter. 'Woll, Waters, I'll tako .tho risk upon . , myself, and pay you for tho ooalfl- in case., of necossity.' . , . Jook'spoko half in,.jost, but it was clear that the jost was half- in earnest. ? ? As our stay . continuod, it became no easier. Hitherto I had novor shot, and Jock initiated mo into tho mysteries of tho art, for whioh-I had contraoteda passion. I sometimes thought ho seemed to tiro .himself to pleaso me by staying out as long r as possible, and more than once he seemed .worn oufron our return ; but. he was so unselfish:that he appeared for my sake to bo as greedy of thoumusemontas myself. Ono. evening wd woro lator than usual, and whon wo returned to dinner ho was deadly palo. ' Lydia lookod at him with an ansioty I had never befojro soen, and her gazo of terror. intensified. Wo never sat up very lato, and that night wo wero both tired.- ' ' GLood night, Theo, boy,' said Jock, oheer-. : fully; ' sleop well and God bleBS you.' ? I always had slept .well, but at Castlb ' ' Croasy I slept better than usual aftor all my exerciso and out-of-door life. But I was restless. Perhaps ;- I had over strained my nerves, or had'drunk too muoh whiskey. I slept, but not soundly— that kind of sleop in which, tho senses are very . acute. . It must have beon about one o'olock when I started up in my . bed.- I had distinctly heard the entrance doo'r'of tho passage open. Then there were thuds as though some heavy substance was falling from step to «tep. Then I heard a heavy sigh and a sweoping sound, as though tho samo heavy load was being dragged slowly along tho passage, till it stopped for a momont. I could resist my feelings no longor. ' I leaped up from my bod and opened tho door, and I saw Lydia Mainwaring, scared and wan, the perspira- . tion streaming down hor olieoks, dragging along tho floor tho dead body of Jock Camp bell. He was dressed in' his evening waist coat and trousers,' with a lighter smoking jacket I had often'seon.. His smoking cap had fallen off, and lay near the steps. My eye caught Lydia's. She did not' say a word) but lifted her hand -with' a meaning I 'never . conceived a gesturo could express, and gazing at mo, with a look of terror and entreaty; I felt I know her prayer, and returned to iny room. ' . , Tho dragging noiso still continued, till it camo opposite Jock's room. X heard 'it in the room itself. . Then thoro was a pause. Meanwhile I had uot gono to bed again, but hastily putting on soma clothes, I waited what was to como. In about a quarter of an hour my own door opened, and Lydia bockoned to mo silently. . She said but a few words in a whisper so low that, ( except for tho silence round, it Svould havo been inaudible. ' He died iu my . room,' eho said. This was all. , Tho noxt day. Jock Campbell, was found lying dead on his bed. Nothing in tho room waa disturbed. His cap lay , near him. ' v His clothes bore no traco of. tho ghastly journey. Tho authorities who investigated tho matter reported that ho u died by tho visita tion of God.' It was a true verdict, as tho heart diseaso of whioh he had spoken to nio had killed him. . ' In the night boforo his funeral, at the hour of his. death,' I hoard tho. door open onoo , , again. Again Lydia. walked down the steps and again came to my room.- Together wb went and prayed by the side of his coffin. 'Cousin Theo,' she said to me, ''you know that he loved you as wo both lovod him. I must -never seo you again, if I can help it. Never seek me ; and if wo meet :lot us do so as strangers. ' I 'ask you this. favour . on his coffin.' . ? I pressed her hand and gavo hor :tho promise. ' Then sho kissed' the coffin and. . ' glided noiselessly from tho corridor. I did ? ?not see her again. Tho next night Lady .Westerham . sent: for me.. She said to me hardly : , 'The grave has olosed over Jook. He is ? gono. My sons aro .gone.. Doubtless ? you will enjoy their inheritance. I do not lovo you4, but I* 'am not unjust. Let us never meet again.' ... Next day I loft? the houso. Calvert M'Tavieh was Jook's exeoutor, and his will .was as ho had announced it. But tho letter pover.roachcd mo.-': « — I was nearly twenty-one, and Calvert M'Tavish, my next friend, agreed to my travelling. I had always, longed, for adven- ' turo, and my first, journoy was to tho deserted cities of Coutral America. . At Gauteinala I had heard of- tho ..death of Lord Westerham, followed Bhortly, after by that of his wifo. ?? The latter had .loft, mo her fortune, whioh was not very largo, as her will expressod it, ' out of pure justice.' It was charged with an annuity . for Lydia Mainwaring. . I know I was woll off,, but nothing more. Out of Jook Campbell's logaoy I had. put. by ouo-half roligiously as a rosorve against tlio j secrot trust, which as yot. had novor beon I communicatod to mo. ? I dined, as invited, the next day with Sir Esiuor and Lady Egorton. » Thoro was but. one. guest besido myself. . It was Jook Campbell's sister. Sho is now my wife. The day. after our .marriage Lady ISgorton inolosed ine a lottor. It was (tho soorot trust of Jook Campboll. ' It ran thus : , ' Djjaiuot Tieeo,, This is my secret trust. / If Lydia Manwariug is ever in want of monoy, givo hor half iny logaoy to you. Sho is tho ono loyo of my life. - ' If you dio without heirs, boqueath tho sum I have left you to my sister. It: is mf dying wish that you should marry her. Good-bye, dear young cousin. Your.. afJeo* 1 tionato cousin, * 'Jock.' . It was tho . opinion of Thaokeray— and ho expressod it both in. iiis conversation and', hia works — that tho quality of hospitality ;was rathor. allied to that of mercy, iond he' oitod. a very familiar sentiment in a speeoh of Portia'sin .support of . his view. ' A dinner party,' ho .used to say, quoting hor, ' was 'twico blessed— it blessed him that gavo and . ? him that took.' — Globe, - To say that a book is disagreeable is .somo* . times considered rathor a sohool-girlish kind of criticism ; but, us a matter of faot, it ia nothing of the ldnd.* It is the business of- a book, as of every, work of . art, to bo agree able; and in so far as it foils of this, it fails of goodness, — Academy* 