PINS. Cum grano salis." THE thing of the season, so far, is the great Concert on Thursday night last. Great in everything-instrumental, vocal, audience, (which was great indeed), some of the per- formers-yes they mete great, in fact BIG. Taken altogether it was a magnificent ag- glomeration of big things ; and to judge from 'he various expressions that fell from the lips of the fair ones (as they tripped home in the beautiful moonlight, putting me in mind of my old Sevillian days- with their clouds about their heads, resembling my pretty country women in their mantillas-ah, me!) and their burly protect OH, everything teas tiptop. One could follow along and pick up expressions, big, grand, great, magnificent, tremendous, high, roaring, splendiferous, immense, boom- ing, fine, exquisite, beautiful, rapturous, and so on ad infinitum ; these several expressions, being sifted will sufficiently denote what thc various grades of Windsor society thought of the affair, and their style ot expression. There was something else about the gathering than mere bigness ; there was that other element which cannot be overlooked-not in the least-Elegance and Beauty. The much travelled one has seen a few in his time ; ami I am ready to swear by my two sticks that Spanish senoritas, Italian signoras, »he melt- ing-eyed Circassian, the lovely Georgian, German fraulins, Dutch vraus, (dear comp. please spelltit'with a V,) British peeresses, and Galway beauties-to say nothing ni'American exotics, Mexican blazers, Honolulu volcanoes, and the other odds and ends of the female race all over the World-couldn't hold a caudle to the beauty assembled on this eventful occasion. The toilets, too! one might say to a hiped of the masculine gender " Who's your hatter ? but to suggest, even, to the fair sex, " Who's your milliner or costumier, or friessieur, would be an impertinence that Asinodeus could never think ot. There let it rest-a grand thing of the past ; though, really, its ghost would be a very agreeable visitant at any time. Talmage recently declared :-" I am neither Monarchist nor Communist, but if it be communism to hate the theory that a compara- tive few have a right to gather up the resources of the world and crowd others off into squalor and wretchedness, giving them no chance for this world or the next, then I am a Com- munist " If such be Mr. Talmage's opinion, then am I very much of a Talmagian ; so you see I do not particularly commit myself either to Monarchy or Communism. Not only is the schoolmaster abroad, but cockney sportsmen also ; it was only the other day I saw an army of youngsters with bird-cages on thtir way to entrap all the feathered tribe, in fact I never expected to see another bird in or about Windsor for twelve months. What these young gentlemen purposed doing for the feathered bipeds, a party of four young bucks from the big smoke, tried to do for the long-tailed quad- rupeds, last week, in the neighbourhood of Richmond. Yes, they landed safe at thc Terminus, well equipped for the slaughter, their equipment being all that should fill a sportsman's soul with ardour-leggings, shot belts, and as for the amis, I suppose Greener or Cole never saw the like. That's imma- terial, however ; on the sport they were bent, and at it they went somewhere on t'other side the river. They had an excellent day's sport -they shot one wallaby, and returning, some of their number got " bushed" in an open paddock ; but the youngest of the party having olfactory organs of great calibre, was the means of their (the lost ones) falling in with the main body- Yes, this young man smelt prog, and led the way-or rather his nose did- to where their companions were comfortably seated at lunch. Their spor was not yet done, for, on crossing the Bridge, one swore that he saw some wild ducks, and could not be made to understand the contrary ; he therefore launched his little canoe, or some- thing that did duty for one, and after the wild un's. He soon overhauled his quarry, and, bang bang into the midst of them, just as a quiet looking person, who had been standing on the bridge, came up and claimed the two slaughtered silver greys as his property, and five bob for the damage done, which, of course, the sportsman had to dub up, or stand the ugly alternative of being handed over to the police. So much for le sport ; which young gentlemen from down Sydney way would do well to study some handy work upon, as also, of Natural History-Section, " Waterfowl." How frequently we hear people say " It's a pity that ever fine weather should do any harm." Hear, hear, say I. It îs a pity, especially in an incorporated town ; for what with cutting this part down to a nice sticky clay, and filling up another part such loose soil as comes to hand, we pedestrians have delightful times of it. If a road cannot be formed and made right away, it becomes a failure ; and the generality of people (barring aldermen) will say, make one road at a time, but by all means make it, for the natural surface of the ground will stand more wear and tear than the soft underlying strata. That is my experience at any rate. . Now our main thoroughfare, George-street, is not so good as it might be, still it is not by any means a bad bit of road, "but its side wa ks are a disgrace to any collection of civilized \- 11 ...... jj» i ..-r--! KT; beings, whether mcorp>r*ted qr not; .That the pde walks of our maia street are unpaved jeither by municipal enactment, cr by jprirate enterprise, is discreditable to so. old ajown as Windsor-especially having no lamps Jto-guide our footsteps clear of .mud and water.. . I notice much , of the mischief is occasioned by - the flow from yards, and entrance on tte street much of it too, of a ve ry inky hue. Somebody should see to this, or a Health officer will soon be required. *' Be ye temperate in all things," said an old worthy many years ago. I wish people would ponder upon that same axiom more than they dc, and we should have better men. I believe in Temperance when it is temperate ; but when all sorts of intemperate things are done, and intemperate ideas are expressed by those whose speciality is Temperance, I begin to think the meaning, of the word has been misunderstood. Therefore, I would humbly suggest, let us be temperate in our cups, and . our opinions on all matters, not forgetting the poor unfortunate Chinky, who just now, ts coming in for the most intemperate treatment from people who profess to be his superiors. I ASMODIUS. 