A GHOST AT NOOXSDAY, tFromtheXondcn Patt MM GarsfU.] We have nceived tbe f oilowing exttaordi nary narrative from a oorreapondent for whose ; good f aitb. and professional acuteness of obser» vation we can Touch. He snbstantittns bis story with full details of dates, names, and place*, which, however, for the sake of the survivors, he does not wish to be published. Without any further preface, we lay bis letter before our readers: — As my wife and I were sitting at breakfast with a guest, whom I will call Mi. A., thea on a visit for the first time to our boose and neighborhood, our maidservant passed out of the room on her way to the kitchen. As she closed the door Mr. A. startled me by saving — ' I saw a spirit of a man following that woman, who, as he passed, said distiactly in my hear ing, 'God judgeth not as man judgeth. I was innocent of the murder for which I have been barged. I was there, bat I did not strike the blow.'' 'What is it like?' I asked. He replied by describing a joucg Irishman whom I recognised at once as tbe husband of my domestic, who a year or two before had been executed on the charge oT icurder. Mr. A , a complete stranger to the locality, bad only met me for the first time two days before, and he was totally ignorant of the crime in whieh my servant was so deeply in terested. For obvious reasons the subject was sever 'alluded to in our household, where the widow was regarded with feelings of sym pathy, which led us to avoid aa much as pos sible all -reference to her husband's fate. I had previously good reason to doubt whether the evidence against him jn«HfitJ h\, execution. He had died protesting his innocence. His wife and friendewere firmly convinced that, although he bad beea in the fight, it was not by bis band the fatal blow had been dealt. In addition to this, I had good reason to believe that tbe real murderer was still at large. Sou can easiif imagine my astonishment when Mr. A. thus suddenly ventured upon forbidden ground, and abruptly declared that the spirit of a man who had suffered the capital penalty, and whose per sonal appearance exactly coincided with that of the unfortunate Irishman, was actually follonmg tbe servant about the noose pro claiming his innocence in accents whioh, although inaudible to me, my guest de clared were petfectly audible to him. X bad heard that Mr. A. bad been a ' seer,' but I was not a little startled at this striding illustration of bis peculiar faculty. I remarked that it was very strange, and in formed him that the woman whom be bad just seen for the first tiine with her ghostly companion was really the widow of an executed felon. Some time afterwards he ezolaimea : ** There he is again, repeating the rams words '.'' Intensely interested by this tuiden and apparently supernatural cautirmation of my suspicions, I determined to put the seerehip of r&j; guest to what I regarded as a crucial test. I told Mr. A. that shortly afterwards I was going it to town, and as I should be passing the spot where tbe murder was committed perhaps his ghostly visitant might indicate the place where the dead man lay. Some time afterwards we started for the town. When we left the home Mr. A. lemarked, '* There he is following us,' alluding to the ' fpirit.' When we had proceeded part of the wty along the road, whioh nae quite unknown to my friend, I made a detour tomake a business call and went along another street, Mr. A. following me. Just ao, without a word on ir-y part, we vreie turning out of the main read, Mr. A. s&id;, ' The spirit is standing at the corner. He 6»js we are not going the right way towards the place where the murder was com mitted', and whioh he has promised to point out to me.' I replied, ' Oh, we shall come out in the mam road again by-and-bye before we reach the spot.' We proceeded on about a quarter of a mile, and having done my business and struok the main road again — which differed, I may remark, from none of trie other roods we had traversed — Mr. A. seen after declared, ' There is that man just on there, waiting far us.' As we continued onr walk, I purposely refrained from uttering a word, or even from *hinfcing| u f&r; M j could, about the murder, so as to prevent any possibility of my companion obtaining any clue. As we were pissing through one of tbe lowest parts of the town Mr. A. suddenly ex claimed: — 'He tells me that it was here the murder was committed. It was just there (pointing to tbe place in the road where the murdered man fell). I see the hnbbob and eon fusion rise up before me as a picture, with the people round. He, however, again tells me that be did not strike the fatal blew. He does not excuse himself from being morally guilty as being mixed np with those who accomplished the death of tbe man, but strongly maintains that he was net the murderer.' I will only add in relation to the latt incident that Mr. A. described the exact spot where the murder was committed, and the ciroumstanoes in connexion therewith. How can yon aooount for that? Mr. A. tad never been in the town before ; he had never lived within a couple of hnndied miles of it ; he did not know till wilbin a day or two before he arrived that he would ever visit it; he could not by any pos sibility have known that the poor woman in tny employ was the widow of a man who was hanged. He had so ecmeeivable interest in deceiving roe, nor was he concerned to prosecute tte matter any further. I hare in vain at tempted to account for his story, nor can I on any of the popnlar hypotheses explain to my own satisfaction how he saw that ghostatnooa. dsy. That he did see it he assured me much to my surprise, when no one expected any each revelation ; and whatever he saw, it certainly led him to the exact spot where the marder-tras committed. ^^^^^^^^^ 