REPENTANCE AND RESTITUTION. Br D. L. MOODY. 44 Now God commflndeth all men everywhere to repent." ; Acts xvii. 30, Repentance is a subject that you have heard a great deal about. It is one of the fundamental doctrines of the Bible. Yet I believe it is one of those truths that many people little understand at the present day. There are more people to-day in the mist and the darkness about Repentance, Regeneration, the Atonemeet, and such like fundamental doctrines, than perhaps on any other doctrines. Yet from our earliest years we have heard about them. If I were to ask you for a definition of repentance, a great many wonld give a very strange and false idea of it. Repentance, of course, must come before the Gospel. What John the Baptist was to Christ, that Repentance is to the Gospel. A man is not prepared to believe or to receive the Gospel unless he is ready to repent of his sins and turn from them. Until John the Baptist met Christ, he had but one text, * Repent I repent! repent! The kingdom of heaven 4 is at hand." But if he had continued to say this, and had stopped there without pointing the people away to Christ, the Lamb of God, he would not have accomplished much. When Christ came, He took up the same wilderness cry, Repent ye, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand." 44 And when our Lord sent out His disciples, it was with this message, Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand." After 44 He had been glorified, and when the Holy Ghost came down, we find Peter on the day of Pentecost raising the same cry, Repent ye." It was this preaching—Repent and believe 4i the Gospel —that wrought such marvellous results then. And we find that, when Patil went to Athens, he- uttered the same cry, Now God commandetb all men everywhere to repent." 44 That includes the men of Newcastle, those in this audience—"all men, everywhere, now.'' But, before I speak of what repentance is, I want to take up the negative side a little, and say what it is not. Repentance is not fear. Many people have confounded fear with repentance. They think they have got to be alarmed and terrified, and they are waiting for that kind of fear to come down upon them. But multitudes become alarmed and get scared who do not repent. You have heard of men at sea during a terrible storm. Perhaps they were very profane men, but when the danger came they suddenly grew quiet and began to cry to God for mercy. Yet you would not say that was repentance. When the storm had passed away, they went on swearing as before. You would think that the king of Egypt repented when God sent the terrible plagues upon him and his land. But it was not repentance at all. The moment God's hand was removed his heart was harder than before. He did not turn from one sin; he was the same man. So that there was no repentance there at all. Often, when death comes into a family, it looks as if the event was going to be sanctified to the conversion of all who are in the house. Yet in six months' time it is all forgotten. I may be speaking to some here who have passed through that experience. When God's hand was heavy upon you it looked as if you were going to repent; but lo and behold, the impression has all gone. Then, again, repentance is not feeling. I find a great many people who are waiting for a certain kind of feeling to come. They think they are then going to turn to God; but that they cannot till t&en.; My friends, feeling is not repentance. When I was at Baltimore, about three years ago, I used to preach every Sunday in the Penitentiary to 900 convicts. There was hardly a man there who did not feel awfully bad; they had plenty of feeling. For the first week or ten days many of them cried half the time. And yet, after they were let out, most of them would go right back to their old ways. The truth was, they felt very bad because they had got caught; that was all. So you have seen a man in the time of trial show a good deal of feeling, but very often it is only because he has got into trouble, not because he has committed sin, or that his conscience hurts him because he has done evil in the sight of God. It seems as if it was going to result in true repentance, but the feeling passe? away. Once again, repentance is not fasting and afflicting the body. A man may fast at certain times for weeks and months and years, and yet not repent - of one sin. Neither is it remorse. Judas had terrible remorse— enough to make him go and hang himself ; but that was not repentance. I believe if Judas had gone to his Lord, and fallen on his face, and confessed bis sin, he would have been forgiven. But he went to the priests, and then put an end to his life. He did not go to the Master and repent. A man may do penance—he may go down and stand in the Tyne for forty-eight hours,— but there is no true repentance in that. Put that down in your mind. You cannot appease God by offering the fruit of your body for the sin of your soul. Away with such a delusion! Repentance is not conviction of sin. That may sound strange to some of you. I have seen men under such deep conviction of sin that they could not sleep at night; they could not enjoy a single meal. They went on for months in this state, and yet they were not converted; they did not repent. Do not confound conviction of sin and repentance. Neither is it praying. That too may sound strange. Many people, when they become anxious about their soul's salvation, say, " I will pray and read the Bible," and they think that will bring about the desired effect. But it is not going to do it. You may read the Bible and cry to God a great deal, and yet never repent. Many people do pray earnestly and cry mightily to God, and yet do not repent. Another thing: it is not breaking off some one sin. A great many people mike that mistake. A man who has been a drunkard signs the pledge, and stops drinking. That is all right, but sometimes the man who does this is so full of conceit that he condemns everyone else. I would about as soon see him full of whisky. Breaking off one sin is not repentance. It is like breaking off one limb of a tree, when the whole tree must be taken down. A profane man stops swearing; very good, but if he does not break off from every sin it is not repentance—it is not the work of God in the soul. When God works He hews down the whole tree. He wants to have a man turn from every sin. Supposing I am in a vessel out at sea, and I find it leaks in four places. I go and cork up one hole, but down goes the vessel. Or suppose I am wounded in four places, I get a remedy for one, and the other three are neglected; my life will soon be gone. No, it is not breaking off this sin or that; it is turning from-every sin—turning to God. Well then, you will ask, what is repentance f I will give you a good Bible definition- it is right about face.' 44 44 Turn ye, turn ye." A man may have little or much feeling, but if he do not turn away from sin, God will not have mercy on him. It is also described as a change of mind." For instance there is the parable 14 told by Christ in Matt. xxiv. A certain man had two sons. He said to the one, Go out into my vineyard and work to-day." The boy 44 said, "I wilt go." The father turns to the other boy and bids tim go also, but he says, " I wonV After he had said It, he thought over it, and changed his mind. Perhaps he said to himself, "I didn't speak very respectfully to my father. Ke asked me to go and work, and I told him I wouldn't go. I think I waB wrong." But suppose he had only said this, and hadn't gone, he would not have repented. He was not only convinced that he was wrong, but tie went off into the fields, hoeing or mowing, or whatever it was. That was Christ's definition of repentance. If a man says, " By the grace of God I will be good, and will do his will," that is repentance —a turning right-about. Man is born with his face turned away from God. When he truly repents he is turned Tight round towards God; he leaves his old life. Can a man do all that at once ? Yes, he must do it at once. It does not take a long while to turn round. It does not take a man six months to change his mind. It may not be manifest all at once. There was a vessel that went down some time ago on the Newfoundland coast. As she was bearing down towards the shore, there was a moment when the captain could have given orders to reverse the engine and turn back. If the machinery had been turned, then the ship would have been saved. But there was a moment when it was too late. So there is a moment, I believe, in every man's life, when he can halt, and say, " By the grace of God I will go no further towards death and ruin. I repent of my sins and turn from them." You may say you have-not got feeling enough; but if you are convinced, turn right about and ear, " I will no longer go on in the way I have done." Just as you stop there, and are at least willing to turn towards God, salvation may be yours. I find that every case of conversion recorded in the Bible is instantaneous. Repentance and faith came very suddenly. The moment a man made up his mind, God gave him the power. God does not ask any man to do what he has not the power to do. He would not command all men every- where to repent if they were not able to do so. Man has no one to blame but himself if he does not repent. Many people are waiting, they cannot exactly tell what for, but for some sort of miraculous feeling to come stealing over them—some mysterious kind of faith. I was speaking to a man in my own country some years ago, and he always had one answer to give me. He died only a few months since. For five years I tried to win him to Christ, and every year he said, " It has not struck me yet." " Man, what do vou mean? What has not struck you?" "Well,""he said, " I am not going to become a Christian until it strikes me; and it has not struck me yet. I do not see it in the way you see it." " But don't you know you are a sinner ? " " Yes, I know I am a sinner." " Well, don't you know that God wants to have mercy on you—that there is forgiveness with God ? He wants you to repent and come to Him." " Yes, I know that; but—it has not struck me yet." He always fell back on that. Poor man, he went down to his grave in August last. Six long years God gave him to repent, and all he had to say at the end of those years was that it had not struck him yet! Am I speaking to any here who are waiting for something, you do not know what—some strange feeling? Nowhere in the Bible is a man told to wait. But can God forgive a man when he does not want to be forgiven ? Do you think he would be happy if God forgave him in this state of mind ? Why, if a man without repentance went into the kingdom of God, heaven would be hell to him. I do not believe he would be in heaven a great while before he would plant the standard of revolt, and there would be war in heaven again. Heaven is a prepared place for prepared people. If your boy has done wrong, and will not repent, you cannot forgive him. You would be doing him a great injustice. Suppose he goes to your desk, and takes £5, and squanders it. When you come home your servant tells you what your boy has done. You ask him, and he denies it. But at last you have certain proof; and when he finds he cannot deny it any longer, he will not confess the sin, but says he will do it again the first chance he gets. Would you say to him, "Well, I forgive you?" Yet people say that God is going to save all men, whether they repent or not— drunkards, thieves, harlots, whoremongers; it don't make any difference. God is so merciful, they say. Dear friends, do not be deceived by the god of this world. Where there is true repentance and a turning from sin unto God, he will meet and bless you; but He never blesses till there is repentance. David made a woeful mistake in this respect with his rebellious son, Absolom. He could not have done his son a greater injustice than to forgive him when his heart was unchanged. There could be no true reconciliation between them when there was no repentance. But God does not make these mistakes. David SOOJ got into trouble on account of it. His son began again to try and drive his father from the throne. Another thing. If there is true repentance it will bring forth fruit. If we have done wrong to some one we should never ask God to forgive us till we are willing to make restitution. If I have done any man a great injustice and can make it good, I need not ask God to forgive me uniil I am willing to make it good. Suppose I have taken something that does not belong to me. I cannot expect forgiveness until I make restitution. I remember preachiDg in an American city, and a fine-looking man came up to me at the close. He was in great distress of mind. " The fact is," he 6aid, "I am a defaulter. I have taken money that belonged to my employers. How can I become a Christian without restoring it ? " " Have you got the money ? " He told me he had not got it all. He had taken about 1,500 dols., and he still had abont 900 dols. He said, "'Could I not take that money and go into business, and make enough to pay them back?" I told him that was a delusion of Satan; that he could not expect to prosper on stolen money; that he should restore all he had, and go and ask his employers to have mercy upon him and forgive him. "But they will put me in prison," he said. " Can't you give me any help ? " "No you must restore the money before you can expect to get any help from God." "It is . pretty hard," he said. " Yes, it is hard, but the great mistake was in doing the wrong at first.'' His burden became so heavy it got to be insupportable. He handed me the money—950 dols. find some cents—and asked me to take it back to his employers. He met me the next day, and we went to their place of business. I laid the money down, and told them it was from one of their employes. I told them the story, and said he wanted mercy from them, not justice. The t»ars trickled down the cheeks of these two men, and they said, " Forgive him! Yes, we will be glad to forgive him." I went down stairs and brought bim up. After he had confessed his guilt and had been forgiven, we all got down on our knees and had a blessed prayer-meeting. God met us and blessed us there. \- There was another friend of mine in America who lad come to Christ and was trying to consecrate himself and his wealth to God. He had formerly had transactions with the Government, and had taken advantage of them. Thi6 thing came right up, and his conscience troubled him. He asked me what he should 4o. " I want to consecrate my wealth, but it seems as if God won't take it." He had a terrible struggle ; THE CHRISTIAN his conscience kept rising up and smiting him. At last he drew a cheque for 1,500 dollars and sent it to the Treasury of the Government. He told me he got such a blessing when he had done it. That is bringing forth fruits meet for repentance. I believe a great many man are crying to God for light, and they are not getting it because they are not honest. One thought more. Wherever God sees true repentance in the heart He meets that soul. I was in Colorado, one of our new States, some time ago, and I heard someching that touched my heart very much. The Governor of the State was passing through the prison, and in one cell he found a boy who had his window full of plants, that seemed to have been watched with very tender care. The Governor looked at the prisoner, and then at the plants, and asked whose they were. " These are my plants," said the poor convict." " Are you fond of plants ?" " Yes, sir." " How long have you been here?" He told him so many years; he was in for a long sentence. The Governor was surprised to find hiin so fond of the plants, and he said, " Can you explain why you like these plants so much ? " With much emotion he replied, " When my mother lived she thought a good deal of plants, and when I came here I thought if I had these they would remind me of mother." The Governor was so pleased that he said, " Well, young man, if you think so much of your mother I think you will appreciate your liberty," and he pardoned him then and there. When God finds the plant of true repentance springing up in a man's heart, then salvation comes to that man. May God see it in many a heart here to-day 1 Dear Christians, have we not got many things to repent of ? Shall we not fall down and confess them before God to-day, and repent of them ? Then salvation will come in floods upon us all. If there is true repentance in all our hearts, God will surely bless us. 