A DARK STORY. CHAPTER XII. "I nwvn said it, and I'll repeat it. Gertrude is my sister; and though, for the matter of that, she hasn't behaved much like one, I won't see harm done her I " SThe speaker, Philip Wentworth, is seated on the edge of a table of black oak, whoso surface is so polished by time and friction that it reflects, like a mirror, the objects placed upon it-those objects at the present moment being bottles and glasses. He is smeloking as usual, but he is very pale, and his manner betrays an agitation altogether unlike his customary half-natural, half-assumed indifference. The room, which is the sitting-room of the lodge, has three other occupants. Darknoll, the lodge's proprietor. Malyon, the physician of eminence from London. Rookwood, the thieves' attorney and prosperous gentleman. Darknoll is seated nearest to Philip, his body bent forward, his hands upon his knees, his sharp, bead-like eyes fixed upon the young man's face. MIalyon has placed himself modestly at the extreme end of the table, and, having secnred one of the decanters to himself, is busily investigating and diminishing its contents. IRockwood alone is not seated, walking to and fro with his usual restlessness of movement, like a panther in a cage. " Philip,"-it is the old lodge-keeper who is now speaking in a voice so gentle and caressing that it might pass for a woman's -" Philip, you have no reason to doubt the devotion of any one here. You cannot doubt my love.'" " 0, bother your love " was the ungracious reply. " I suppose you like me well enough. We've known each other for such a precious long time. 'Can old acquaintance be forgot ? ' and all that kind of thing. As for Mat Rockwood's devotion, I'm pretty well up to that. He is devoted to his own interests, that's what he is! " " Just so," assented the lawyer, with a contemptuous nod, as he continued to walk the room. "For the doctor,"-and Philip jerked his thumb over his shoulder in Malyon's direction-" he's devoted to the bottle." "You're right there, my young friend," was the doctor's tranquil reply; " and never was devotion more generously responded to. ' They are things of no spirit, their blood is asleep, that when it is offer'd them do not drink deep.' Good advice and Ben Johnson's. This is capital port, Mr. Darknoll I " "It is a rare wine," said the old man, turning half round, but his eyes ever wandering towards Philip. " My father-laid down many dozen of it in one of the vacant crypts of the church vaults.to ripen, like the bodies around, into a more generous life among the dust and the cobwebs. Besurgam was the motto he placed above them." " And," said the doctor, tossing down a bumper, "a very good motto too as long as I have the felicity to be one of the resurrection angels. If fate," he went on, re-filling his glass and admiring its rich red hue and strawberry light against the globe of the lamp that was standing on the table -"if fate had inconveniencedn-me with the burthen of riches, the first thing I should do would be to lay down a good cellar of wines." " What for," asked the lodge-keeper, "except to repeat the old folly of heaping up riches for others to enjoy? Near the Wentworth cellars the Wentworths themselves are buried, and it has often struck me how it must torment the souls of some of those hard-drinking, pleasure-loving men, for their bodies to lie stiff and stark in their coffins, unable to turn either to the right or the loft, while the glorious juice they loved so much is ripening in the darkness by their side." "From which Idraw this sage conclusion, Mr. Darknoll, that the truest wisdom in life is to enjoy the present,"-here he emptied his glass-" and let the future look after itself." " Ahl," said the old man, with a half-sigh. " You'll pardon me if I say that you never belonged to-or rather you never were the head of a great family, Dr. Malyon. It isa wonder to what heights these owners of great names will soar, and to what depths they will sink, to pile up their pyramid of pride and live again in the grandeur of their ·children." "For my part,"-and for the first time Mr. Rookwood stopped his restless walking to and fro and approached the table-"I go in for large profits and quick returns. I am a self-made man and care as little for those who come after me as for those who have gone before. Enough of this," for the doctor was about to speak. "We are here to talk business, and business it must be. Why all this beating about the bush ? We each know what is passing in the other's mind, yet draw back like children from a darkened room. You say, Malyon, there is no hope for Sir Hugh ?" "Not in medical skill," was the cynical doctor's calm reply. "I would not answer for his life over to-morrow. Dreadful news surely for a son to hear. It produced however no visible effect upon Philip, who, swiniging his legs about, continued smoking. "And if the news you bring should prove true,"-lRockwood turned to Darknoll -" and Sir Hugh has made a will, what then? " " I mentioned the nurso's suspicions, not mine." "When Mrs. Prudence suspects, you may write in your memorandum-book the word 'certainly,' " said the doctor, sotto voce. "You are a lawyer, Matthew," and the lodge- keeper addressed his son-in-law. " You must know best." Rockwood laughed. " He must be a far abler lawyer than I am to discuss the contents of a documenthe has not seen." "A clever man can always speculate none better than yourself, Matthew. A will made -. "Would be in favour of Gertrude," answered Rockwood, without waiting for the conclusion of the question; " and my young friend here left out in the cold." "I'm not the only one who would freeze then, Mat? " put in Mr. Philip, with a malicious grin. "There's a certain some body who holds a paper of mine, which if not liquidated when due -" "Will put you in prison in less than twenty-four hours," was the stern reply. "I am a man of business and mean business. You are a butterfly; but your modern butterfly to exist must have wings of bank-paper or down he comes to the earth without " - and Mr. Roeklwood playfully rattled the cash in his pockets-" even a lodging in Grub-street." " You don't mean -," and Philip rose angrily from his seat at the table. "I mean,"-and the lawyer confronted him with a visago hard as granite-" "I mean you to do my bidding-obey my orders. Do you hear, Mr. Philip ? Do you think I've any thought of you in this matter ? Pull my chestnuts from the fire and it shall be my care your paws are not burnt in the process; but "-and withdrawing his right hand from his pocket, he struck it fiercely down on the table, making tlhe bottles and glasses dance ani ring again-" fail to do this, and "-glancing at Darknoll, who was nervously wringing his hands - "unless others take you up I will put all the powec I possess in force and pass you as a shambling, shuffling vagabond in the streets of London, yet never toss you a sixpence with which to buy oblivion." "Matthew I Matthew I" "I know what you would say, Mr. Darknoll; but you forget there are no ties of blood between this young gentleman and myself. Not that, if there were, it would make much difference. As a man of business, I mean everything as business. The only bond I choose to recognise is a legal oone duly witnessed; and the only tie, red tape. This girl--this one obstacle between ourselves and fortune - must disappear I " This declaration took no one by surprise but Philip. He stared from one to the other, aghast; then, "I don't know what he means; but I'll stick to what I've said-I will, by Jove I And, mind you, Daddy Darknoll, I'll hold you responsible if any harm comes to Gertie 1 " "No harm shall come to her," replied tihe old man, soothing the fright and anger of Philip with his musical voice. " We have arranged all that. You are your father's heir." "Well, yes; at least I ought to be." "You shall be; but you must be guided by us." "Driven I" snarled the lawyer between his teeth; but the word was unheard, and therefore unheeded by Philip. "Gertrude has over stood between your father and yourself," the old man went on. "A pretty girl-pleasant to listen to charming to look at; but clever and cun ning. You were absert; she had your father's ear. Your faults-your many faults--lost nothing in passing to him through sfich a medium." "Of course; I know that now you've told me," said Philip, gloomily; "but I should never have guessed it of Gertrude." "Nor I, till proof brought conviction. ' Fair and false' was a motto we villagers used to repeat in our youth; and ago has brought me experience of its truth. It is for you, Philip, to select between riches and beggary. I should scarcely think" and for the first time there was a tinge of bitterness in the old lodge-keeper's voice "that you can take long to decide." Philip felt that all eyes were fixed upon him, so commenced roosting on one leg nervously, while he pulled at his long, silky moustache. "Well, a fellow who has been brought up as I lhave-a gentleman, who never did a stroke of work in his life-can't be ex pected to cut under to anybody, especially when his rights are concerned. I'm an easy goer, I am; but when it comes to be robbed of one's rights, you know, I'm hard in the mouth and difficult to ride." It was fortunate for Philip's self-love that his words were addressed to Benjamin Darknoll, and his eyes averted for the moment from the lawyer and doctor, or even he might have perceived the profound contempt with which those two professional gentlemen were regarding him. His silly swagger, however, again forsook him, and his better nature once more, and for the last time, endeavoured to assert itself. "But what necessity is there for what you call Gertrude's disappearing? Better half a cake than none. Can't we share ? " " Share I " thundered the lawyer. "Upon what right will you ground your claim ? Do you want it to be proclaimed to the world who and what you are ?" A solemn silence followed Roekwood's words. The unhappy Philip covered his face with his hands. It was Darknoll who first broke the silence with his smooth, silvery voice. "We have decided, in your interest, that Gertrude Wentworth shall disappear." "You don't mean by death ? Who shall describe with what a coward's white and haggard face Philip looked up ? " No, no, no I A seeming death, that is all I To live elsewhere, well cared for--oex cellently- well cared for; but not again to re-visit the Wentworth estate." A grim sense of what was intended begun to enter into Philip's mind; but the look of horror was still upon his face. "You swear her life shall be safe ? " "We solemnly swear that." " Then how prevent her return ? " "It shall be prevented." "What! I Do you mean that Gertrude is to vanish away utterly ?" "Utterly ! " "And no inquiries to be made ?' "' " And no inquiries to be made." " O, come, that's a trick above even you, Mat Roekwood I." "No inquiries will be made-no inquiries can be made l" said old Darkiloll, his hand on Philip's knee, his voice reduced to a whisper. " Oases have been known where persons in a trance-" Philip started. "In a trance," the old man went on, "have,been spirited away; to awaken to a new life in some far-distant place." " A sort of Arabian Nights' business, you meau, Daddy; but that cock won't fight now-a-days," said Mr. Philip, whose selfish nature was rapidly recovering its equan imity. " Your genii who try on that kind of game will precious soon find tlhemselves in stone jugs, as t'other ones were shut up in stone bottles." "The genii will be found nevertheless. And I shall see the dream of my lifo real ized, and you," his voice was now so low that it only reached Philip's ear, "my grandson- the lord of the Wentworth estates I " " But you don't mean you are going to bury Gertrude alive ? " asked Philip, the horrified look again coming back to his face. "Why not, since we are sure of her re awakening? " Weak as he was vicious, the young man turned sullenly away, his head bent, his hands drooping forward listlessly between his knees. Darknoll rose and approached the two other conspirators, who were standing in a far corner of the room. "Leave him to me," he whispered. "I know him-none better- none so well. It is but a question of time; the rest will follow." "And our visit to the old church vaults ?" asked Doctor Malyon, who, having finished his decanter of port, appeared for the first time to take an interest in what was going forward. "To-night, at twelve." "Mlidnight 1 Quite the sensational hour I Does our young friend accompany us ? " indicating Philip. "No." " Quito right. Are you bound for the village, Lockwood? " "I have an appointment with Mrs.,Pru dence at the Abbey." They passed out of the lodge, and stood beneath the ivy-covered porch. " Shall I give you a light ? " " Thanks I " Malyon leaned forward till the end of his unlighted cigar touched the fiery tip of the one that Rockwood had between his lips. " Safe investment, eh ? " " Splendid I " " Good idea, that of Darknoll's; none but an old fellow who had hung about church-vaults all his life could have hit upon it. It's working out rests with you, doctor." "With me and Mrs. Pruidence. That's an invaluable woman-very." A flame rose up from the ignited cigars, and for a moment illuminated their faces. Both were as calm and collected as thoiugh their respective owners were bent upon errands of charity and goodness. " At twelve- here." "At twelve. Take care of yourself. Mal yon. Darknoll's port-wine is powerful in its effects." "Bah l--there's not a headache in a hogshead of such glorious stuff. Au re voir ! " And parting at the garden-gate, each' went his way--Rookwood towards where the ancient turrets of the Albey showed dim and ghostly above the distant trees; the man of science striking off in the direc tion of the Wentworth Arms, his thoughts, despite his warm eulogy of the port, bent upon rum-and-water. oapTERsn xm.:.. Midnight 1 There is no moon, and the lawyer and doctor, attended by another man, came stumbling among the grass- grown graves, which everywhere surround the old Abbey church. . Some half-a- mile from the stately Abbey itself, this magnificent ruin, for it is fast becoming one, stands half-hidden by branch ing yews, some of which report affirms to be more than a thousand years old, yet, though hollow and deqaying, they continue to vegetate with a marvellous vigour, throwing out branch after branch, as loath, after so many long years of watching, to altogether withdraw their pallUlike shadow from the sleeping dead. Rising above their dark enolosureo is the great church-tower, with double buittresses at its angles, ending, though not seen in such a night as this, in a richly-embattled parapet, adorned with pinnacles, all fast crumbling into ruin. The later Wentworths, who cared little for anything but a thoroughbred horse and hound, had spent little or no money upon the ancient edifice; and though the present rector, idle, good-hearted Frank Mildmay, had caused some restorations to be made, they were but few. He was no antiquarian, and cared more to see the silvery flash of a trout at the end of his well-managed line than for all the artistic marvels that stone and brass could offer. Very ancient, and, to the artist's eyes, very picturesque, is the old Abbey church; the exterior of the original building, a mixture of Norman and early English, peering through it's veil of ivy, which-thit was the roetor's doing-was not left so thick as to conceal all its beauties. That marvellous improver of much in architecture that would otherwise be harsh and cold, old Father Time, had placed his mellowing hand everywhere, rounding angles, brealking lines, and softening, even while destroying. In the great porch old Benjamin Dark noll is seated, a lantern by his side, on one of the two stone benches so much affected by village gossips, male as well as female, on a Sunday. Seen in the dim light of the lantern, there is a something weird in the old lodge keeper's bent form, white hair, and gleam ing eyes; and so the doctor thinks, and whispers as much to the lawyer. " Queer card, your venerable father-in law, Mat, as we see him now. In that Rbmbrandtish light and shadow, he looks like some old monk, who might have been present at this church's building." S" Curse the church I " is Rookwood's em· phatic and somewhat blasphemous reply, as he draws his wrappers closer around him. "The damp and chill strikes to one's marrow. I never entered one yet that I didn't get a cold iti the head that lastedme a fortniglht." As Darknoll rises they both greet him with inquiries about Philip. The old man answers that he has per suaded him to go to bed. " The poor boy has had a great shock, and is shattered for thi present in body and mind." " You know Philip,". sneered Rookwood. " Surely I do." "And so do I. Got over it --pshaw I A man who ihas led the life lhe has, and is eager still to lead it, has no more heart or conscience than one of those stone old buffers in the niches yonder."."? . "You wrong him, Matthew. You have always wronged Philip," says the old man, almost fiercely. " Well, woll, time will show. Lot us got over our night's work as speedily as pos sible, for it's by no means a pleasant one." "There is nothing unpleasant in looking on the fair face of a girl who, all cofllned as she is, has not yet caught the sad decay of the tomb." "When was she buried?" asks the doctor. "But threeoo days ago. Her likeness to Miss Gertrude was remarkable." "We'll judge for ourselves, daddy, upon that point," says the lawyer. What was her name ? " "Rose Ayliffe." "Ha I I think I've heard my wife speak of her; but what a devil of a light you've got I Hero, Powder Bluo,"-turning to the man who accompanied the doctor and him self-" come to the front, and turn on some extra glory. You should be quite at home at this kind of thing; only a church is not exactly the place you'd care about breaking into." Mr. Bradley-for it is that enterprising, but hitherto unsuccessful, genius-shambles forward; and producing a dark-lantern from beneath the folds of his coat, gives it a twist that sends a stream of light dancing on the nail-studded door. Old Darknoll follows the rays with his sharp black eyes, and laughs. S" There's all that remains of a fellow who did break into a church just seven hundred years ago." "What do you mean ?" asks Powder Blue, recoiling several steps. "His slkin. The skins of foreign pirates and robbers, such as were guilty of sacri lege, were tanned and nailed to the church door, as a farmer now nails a-kite to his barn-door." "Dear me I Why, so it is," says tlhe doctor, as, tnaking the lantern from the horrified Powder Blue, he closely inspects some dark encrustations about the nails of the door. "A common practice with our ancestors, I know, especially with Danish pirates and the like." "Lucky for you, Joe, that we live in more civilized times," puts in Rockwood, " or we might see that sky-blue integument of yours serving as a Sunday suit to --" " Stowv it, hMr. Roclkwood I--please stow it I I ain't up to chaff on sich subjeceks ; I ain't indeed. Not but what, if sich was the law now as you say was set down by our ancestators, there's a precious many as is marbled up inside places like this as would find thelmselves stretched out out side here in the h'open air along wi' the westry papers, and sich like." Darknoll, who hlas produced a bunch of keys, opens the door. A luge lock, but well oiled, as are the hinges upon which tie grizzly memento of the long- defunct pirate rolls back noiselessly. "Is it necessary to enter the church ? " asks Roekwood, as he stands gazing into the dark interior from where tho lights they carry are already conjuring up a myriad of dancing shadows. "Yes; I have only a key to the private entrance to the vaults, thIe sexton being from home." The four ieh e nte~. The doctor, who immediately iihpregnates the sacred edifice with a strong aroma of rum-and-water, gazes around him curiously; Rockwood walks on, indifferent to everythling but the business that brought them there; while Powder Blue, his feelings still shocked by the robber's slin on the door, wears the look of one both injured and discouraged. Curious that this ruffian, to whom the darkest night and most villainous neighbor hoods in London has no terrors; whoso brutal nature, bull-dog like, careless of odds, seeks the quarrel aud courts the fray, feels a cold perspiration bursting out from his forehead and hands, as the lights they carry quiver hither and thither among-the stone figures._on the tombs, the painted saints upon the windows and walls. Here, a Crusader, with crossed legs and half-obliterated face, caught the light for a moment, glared out upon them with his stony eyeballs, and was gone, There, a carved oaken dragon, rampant on a pew, with emblazoned shield and projecting, painted tongue, stood out at his very elbow, and caused Mr. Bradley to start as from a suddenly-disturbed snake. The interior of this old, exceedingly old, church, was very beautiful, despite the terrors of the garotter, consisting of nave, side aisles, and chancel, massive pillars, rich with sculptured ornaments, dividing the nave from the aisles, while tall and shadowy oakl stalls, covered with the most grotesque of carvings, increased'the gloomy, solemn effect ; and as the shambling feet of Powder Blue clattered over one of the many brasses, that ruflian's heart turned to water-the thing, as hlie would have him self expressed it, being altogether out of his line. "All Wentworths," said Darknoll, ad dressing the doctor, and waving his hand towards the recumbent figures around. "A branoh-the younger one-of the cruel Stafford's family; cruel, over cruel, and proud. "Ha I "-and he waved his lantern, waking up many a pale, still face with vanishing gleams of light-" there's a many hero that must find their marble pillows more easy lying on than they did their feather ones I Temple of truth I "--afid the lodge keeper chuckled-"' temple of lies, if we read aright the tombs and the brasses." He paused before a low-brewed arch, a deep recess, cut in the tllicknoss of the wall. Without being concealed, it was partially hidden behind a huge stone font, inwhich generation after generation of the Went worthlls had boeen christened. "The father stood by whlilo Philip was ohristened: it was he who gave the name," whispered Darknoll into the car' of his son in-law " and what was so solemonly done then shall lie undone now." "You'll have to look sharp about it, Daddy; a thousand such christenings wouldn't suffice to make Philip heir to the Wentworth estates." " No one else shall inherit them," said the old man, through his clenched teeth that is to say, through the few that re mained to him. He inserted a key from the bunch he carried, pushed open the door as hlie spoke, and a rush of damp, earthy air came into the clhurch, already chill enough in all conscience. So groat was the rush, so sudden and so cold, that but thle lights they carried wore protected, they would have beeoon extinguished. A flight of crumbling steps, a long pas sage, and the four men are standing in the vaults benucath the church. A vast and awful place it was, thlis dismal subterranean abode of death. The flooring of the great church, supported by circular, groined arches, seemed, thoughl higher than a tall man's touch, to weigh down upon the head and oppress the brain. "Is this whore you hoop your wine, Mr. Darlnoll ?" asked the doctor, though un able to repress a shiver. The old man pointed a lean finger to one out of the many crypts in the -labyrinth of walls, a crypt carefully boarded in. " Thore they rest, as they have rested for this Ihalf-contury-sunshinc, bottled up in the deepest darkness. I shall put a corkscrew to the wholeo lot when Philip becomes Sir Philip. I will not stint a glass," "Mlark me down among your guests," said the doctor. "You give moe .a double interest in the approanohing event. But what are we treading on that seems to crumble away so beneath the feet ?" "Bones." "0, indeed I " There was no astonishing the doctor, but the more delicate nature of Powder Blue was much revolted, and he raised his feet gingerly up and down, like a bear that is learning to dance on hot plates. "Bones-layors of bones four feet deep. Bones are built everywhere into the walls huge bones, belonging to stalwart races. This church is built over, or on, one of those vast tumuli which marked the fierce ness of the struggle between the Saxon and the Dane, and received, without distinction, the bones of each." "What's that ?" and Powder Blue gave a great start, "A rat." No, no. There were rats in plenty chasing each other in and out of the orypts, or sitting on tlhe coffins, ghastly things dropping from hole and wall, and watching the visitors with fearless, gleaming eyes; but rats had no terrors for Mr. Bradley. Rats I why the houses in the London War ren were honeycombed by rats. No; it was not a rat that Mlr. Bradley meant, but " that- that 1 "and lho pointed to a hideous, vampire thing, clinging, with outstretched wings, to a great leaden coffin-a sort of horrible family escutcheoon. " O, the bat 1 Bats grow to a great size down here," said the lodge-kecpor. "The vapours nourish them. The coffin that fellow is clinging so fondly to contains an abbot-a jovial, madcap abbot, in those good old times before the eighth Henry turned tlio monks adrift. They say that Abbot Evorard- ho was a WenTtworth too had sold himself to the evil one; and I sometimes fancy that these horrible crea tures "-pointing to the bat-" are here to watch over their master's bargain." "You seem in a cheerful humour to night, Daddy," said Rockwood, unable to repress a shudder. " But bats are not business-not our business, at any rate, for tihe present. Whore is this girhl's coffin that you spoke about ? " "Not here, said the old man, quicldy and disdainfully-" not here. None but great folk lie here." He pulshed on till, after passing through several other grim passages, he stopped before a number of stone shelves, upon which some coffins, covered witlh plain black cloth, and studded with plain black nails, had been newly placed. "Takle down that one," he said, indi cating the newest-looking, and place it hero upon this pile of earth. Do you believe in ghosts, doctor ?" he continued, turning towards Malyon. "Who? I? No," laughed the doctor; "I've prepared too many skeletons for that. Jeremy Taylor, a very clever personage, who-" "I have read his works," quietly inter rupted the old man. The doctor opened his eyes, suppressed a whistle, and went on. "That worthy divine compares a skeleton to a cage of bone, from which 'the winged soul long since has flown.' Now, nothing will persuade me, as a man of science and some experience, that that soul is likely to rehabilitate itself from the musty contents of an old wardrobe or clothes-press, full of moths and fleas-not to mention worse insects--ha I ha I " This was in a parenthe sis. "I wonder whether they are ghostly too ? To go wandering up and down moon lit corridors, and-highly aristocratic people all tlcir lives-as cold as icicles, and as proud as the devil-to go frightening some unfortunate housemaid out of her wits, by bursting out of a cupboard where the ghost, mind you, has no right to be, and consulting an ignoramus concerning a secret in which she can take no possible interest." " When Rose Ayliffo died," said Dark noll, who had been giving but slight heed to the doctor's talk, "I thought I saw a ghost." " Ah I-indeed 9 " "I was crossing the park, the face of the dead girl still vividly in my mind, softened by the touchl of death out of all trace of coarseness, when I came upon its living copy, framed in the moonlight, just out of the shadow of the trees." "Ahl I I know," grumbled the doctor, who was taking a swig out of a pocket-flask. "There's always moonlight in such matters as they turn on the lime-light on a theatre in a sensation scene." "It was no phantom, as I confess I at first imagined, but MIiss Gertrude Went worth herself, taking a solitary ramble in the park. The likeness was-" He was stopped by an exclamation of astonishment on the part of Matthew Rock wood. With the experienced hand of the trained burglar Bradley had prized open the coffin lid in a few minutes. It was Matthew Rockwood who had uttered the expression of surprise. "Why, but for the colour of the hair it is Gertrude herself I "The colour of the hair can be changed ? " suggested the silvery voice of Darknoll in his ear. They-thiese four men-scoundrels all, yet each moved by so different a feeling gathered round the desecrated ooffin, upon whose inmate the double lanterns poured down a flood of light. A face of oxquisite beauty, ghastly in the shlroud perhaps and terrible in the icy rigidity of death, but beautiful exceedingly. " Who would have thought," murmured the lawyer half to himself as lhe turned away from the open coffin, "that Rose hyliflo could ever havo looked like this ? If death works such miracles, who knows but I may become an angel in my coffin ? " "In your coffin perhaps, yes, but never elsewhere," laughed the cynical doctor. "Never was scheme better concocted; we work without even a fear of detection. This idea of yours will save all, Benjamin Darknoll." They, the lawyer and the lodge- keeooper, drew Mlalyon towards them, and with heads bent low communed in the shadow. Meanwhile, Powder Blue, from the more habit of business, tested the coffin-plates and was greatly disgusted to find they were not silver. "It's like 'em," he muttered, "always a cheatin' the poor man-deceitful even in death I " The three evil heads, taking no heed of him, had drawn together. "The baronot is at his last gasp. I know the excitable nature of Miss Gertrude. Leavoe all the rest to me." It was the doctor who spoke. " And the change "-his hand for the moment nearly touches the quiet facein the coflin-" when may that be made ? " "In a week from this. I have prepared for all." ' And Dr. Balm-that is, your sister "Has agreed to everything. We cannot fail I " And again the three evil heads get still eloser together, till they make but one menacing shadow on the wall. (2'o be continued.) 