A GHOST STORY FROM THE SEA. A correspondent writes as follows to the " Birmingham Daily Post -A year or two ago you published a remarkable account ©f an apparition which was seen bv the Rev. Dr Jessop, of Sheffield, under i circumstances which compelled attention even from those who usually laugh at such uiiiijga aa vtaiviio ui uiocaacu uiaius. m s some of your readers may take an interest in the subject of ghostly visitations, you may, perhaps, think it worth while to pub lish the following account ef a singularly I striking .and well-authenticated instance I of the kind whi/n has been narrated by a brother of mine who was on board the I ship on which it occurred at the time, andl in whose veracity I have implicit confi. dence. The ship, Duke of Athole. left Sydney Harbor for San Francisco, laden with coal, on the 1st of Aug., 1876. On board of her was an American seaman named Tom Manning, formerly in the,' United States army during the war. This man had a brother named John Manning, who kept a sailor's boarding-house near Jackson-street Wharf, at San Francisco, and whom Tom had not seen or heard of for four or five years. On the 17th of Oct., when the ship was nearing San Francisco, it happened that Tom Man- niav, who was quite sober and in good health, had the post of " look out for ward," from 8 to 10 p.m., the remainder of the watch with the exception of the man at the wheel being on the main deck. Abont 20 minutes past nine they heard a sudden shout and aloud thump on the - deck in the direction of the forecastle. Immediately Maunig came rushing aft, shouting incoherently and tearing his 1 hair. Thinking he was ill the boatswain and two of the sailors took hold of him and led him into the forecastle, and for some twenty minutes he did nothing but shout and scream " Johnny !" and other words, the meaning of which his hearers could not' make out. Some grog was given to him and eventually he became calmer, and then gave the following ac count of the cause of his extraordinary behavior A few minutes before he first -_11. J l.« n«ral« ftin ItfttT CHilCU liu oti >v it UScL'l tuw from the martingale, and hailed him, but received no answer. The man walked slowly towards the forecastle, and came close to where Manning was standing, looked into his face and said, " Goad- bye, Tom, I-shan't see you again," and Man ning, to his horror, saw: that the face and figure were those of his brother J ohn. While he was standing stupefied with fright, the figure again said, " Good-bye for ever," turned round, and went back over the side of the ship the same way that he came. Tom watched it apparently drop off the martingale (under the bow sprit) into the water, but he heard no splash, and saw nothing more. Imme- aiaieiy auer xuui i»u uuii uun »ah» fright, and jumped oil' the forecastle on to the deck, which was the noise or thump heard by the crew at first and rushed ait as already described. Two days after-: wards the Duke of. Athole arrived at San Francisco and dropped anchor in the harbor at half-past nine on the morning of the 19th. Manning was so alarmed at the occurrence that he asked permission of the captain to go ashore at once. The cap tain laughed at him, but gave his consent, and Manning immediately went to his brother's house. On knocking at the door it was opened by the wife, whose first words were " Ah ! Tom, you've come too late; John died the night before last." I simply narrate tke facts, leaving your readers to draw what conclusions thev please; and enclosing my card as a guarantee of good faith. 