THE ABDUCTED. When Charles Linden passed off with Mary, Sir Frank desperately seized the hand of Hor tense, who was sitting rather deserted and dejected on the bench by his aide pulling her bouquet to pieces, and tears dropping on the petals of the flowers; and hurrying after Mary and her lover, he had succeeded in squeezing him self into a place on her right side, Charles Linden being on her left, and Hortense Vanderleur on his other side. It was certainly no small annoyance to Mary, when she wished to devote her exclusive attention to the enchanting conversation of her beloved, to have to listen to Sir Frank's reproaches, in nuendoes, and jealous, angry ejaculations. But the dear girl was always gentle and forbearing, and with a woman's quick instinct in such matters, she knew the hansome young baronet loved her with a passionate and absorbing love, not the deep-rooted devoted, pure, and unworldly love of the noble, sensible, high-souled Charles Linden, but with a passionate idolatry of which she dreaded the result and pitied the anguish. Meantime, pretty Hortense sat by Sir Frank's side, her bosom heaving, her eyes filled with tears, a pout on her rosy lips: and he, an officer and a gentleman (as rude and selfish does passion make the most refined), filling his own glass with suc cessive bumpers, and forcing dainties on Mary, and yet forgetting to offer Hortense a glass of wine or any refreshment whatever. Luckily, a gallant old bean, who was not in love, and therefore did not forget himself or the ladies, filled Hortense's glass, and brought her the best of everything; and then, for the first time, Sir Frank perceived how rude and remiss he had been, and made apologies and excuses, and implore a pardon, which Hortense was only too ready to grant - too read, perhaps' for it is so wretched a thing to be angry with one we love, and so great a joy to forgive and be friends. However, Sir Frank was not so much taken up with the crackers he was letting off and the bon- bon mottoes he was exchanging with Hortense, as not to be on the watch to start directly after Mary and Charles Linden left the supper-table to return to the ball-room. He sprang up at the moment of letting off a cracker, and though he did not help her or offer his arm to Hortense, she a little emboldened by two glasses of champagne and an excellent supper, took the arm he did not offer, and reached the ball-room with him just as Charles Linden and his partner were about to pair off in a Schottiache. Sir Frank, who considered that she was engaged to him for this dance, wrenched his arm from Hortense, and going up to Mary, said, 'You are engagedd to me, and if you do not choose to dance this dance with me, at least, you shall not dance it with, any other.' 'I am not engaged to you, Frank,' said Mary, turning very pale. 'I say you are!' said Sir Frank, livid with rage and jealousy. 'Really Sr Frank.' said Charles Linden, we must allow the lady to decide this question. Are you engaged to Sir Frank, Mary?' 'No, indeed! but i had rather not dance any more,' said Mary, dreading a scene, and perceiving that all eyes were fixed upon her. 'I do not see why you should be bullied into not dancing, Mary' said Charles Linden, very angry. 'Bullied, sir?' repeated Frank, whose quick, jealous ear had caught the offensive word. 'Yes, bullied, sir,' said Charles Linden, his pale cheeks flushing and his deep-set dark blue eyes on fire. 'But if Mary will be guided by me and my wishes, she will dance this Scottische with me.' He held out his hand very politely, but with a resolution in his manner, and an almost command ing earnestness in his eyes, wai«h the girl, who adored him, could net resist or disobey. Pale and Trembling, she rose, and Sir Frank, as Charles Lin den passed him, said, 'A word with you, Mr. Charles Linden, if you please, before you return to Woodburst Court. I stop at the botel here to night. A word with you I must and will have.' 'A hundred, if you please,' said Charles Linden contemptuously, 'when the ball is over.' He led Mary out, but her knees trembled so she could scarcely dance, and sbe was aware that Sir Frank was watching her with, jealous rage in his eyes, and a look of scorn and defiance on his white face whenever his eyes fell on Charles Linden, who, however, relinquished Mary's hand no more that night, but danced a polka, a quadrille, a waltz, and, finally, Sir Roger de Coverley with her. The merry finale over, the band struck upp ' God save the Queen,' and the ladies, when the anthem was done, went in search of their opera-cloaks and hoods. The cloak-room was up-stairs, Mrs. Bussel and Mrs. Lackaday were a long time putting on all sorts of wrappers. mrs. Lackaday's goleshers, with which she never dispensed, were mislaid, and some minutes elapsed before these objocts, which looked like small india-rubber canoes, could be found. mary, having easily got possession of her white barnouse, and seeing a glass door open on a balcony, went out to breathe the fresh air and look at the full moon. Beneath this balcony was the entrance to the Towo-hall and there Mary saw Charles Linden calling the countess's carriage for herself and party, and hither came Sir Frank Morris, and the poor girl's blood ran cold when she saw Sir Frank go up in a menacing manner to Charles Linden, and distinctly beard him say, 'If you are not a coward and a scoundrel, meet me at six o'clock this moruing at the park gates. Unless you agree to do this, I will insult you in the presence of Mary, and she shall see me roll you in the dust like the poltroon I believe you to be.' Sir Frank Morris was evidently much excited by passion and wine. Charles Linden, though much exasperated by what he considered only a boy's rash folly, was still uuwilling to agitate Mary by a scene which might bring her, poor girl! very unpleasantly before the public. He therefore controlled his anger and dis gust, and said, 'I will meet you at six o'clock at Woodhurstville entrance to the park. By that time I hope you will be sober, and able to see the folly of your conduct.' 'By that time I hope you will have screwed your courage to the sticking-place,' said Sir Frank, striding away and returning to the supper- table to drown passion in champagne. Mary went home in one of the countess's carriages with Mrs. Bussel and Hortense. All the ladies, amply hooped and crinolined, took up the whole inside. Charles Linden, as it was a, glorious night, though early in December, went on the box. The other carriage contained the Baron and Baro ness Voncassel and Mrs. Lackaday. Mary's anguish and terror were extreme, and she was all anxiety to exchange a few words with Charles Linden, to ascertain that he had no inten tion of being exasperated into any kind of duel or combat with Sir Frank, but no opportunity offered for a word in private with her lover. He smiled with a gentle, reassuring smile, as he pressed her hand when the ladies retired; but when, at all ricss of the watchful eye of Mrs. Bussel and the misconstruction of that busybody, she returned to the drawing-room, after all the ball-goers had re tired, in the hope of finding Charles Linden there, it was all in vain, and full of vague uneasiness and distressful dread, Mary retired to bed. CHAPTER LXV. And angels whisper warnings in out dream.— Anon. The countess's beautiful boy, Richard, the little lord, was fast asleep in his own cot. His long black eyelashes were divided and wet, and there were dewdrop tears on the roses of his cheeks. Mary knew by these tokens he had cried at being obliged to go to sleep without her lullaby, and she blest and kissed him, and drew the curtains of her own bed and of his crib, to shroud the light from his closed eyes, and then, having forbidden anyone to sit up and disrobe her, she proceeded to take tbe wild roses and pearls from her long golden hair, and to remove the light and serial ball-dress in which she had excited so much admiration and envy. Ever noted, from her earliest days, for her help ing hands and self -dependence, Mary, at eighteen was quite as independent of a. lady-maid as she had been at eight, and she had soon neatly stowed away her ball-room attire, and in her snow-white cashmere wrapper, her velvet slippers, and her long golden hair unbound, she sat reading her Bible — a custom with her before going to bed — as devoutly as if she had not been to a ball, a first ball, and had not received homage and inhaled incense enough to turn any other beautiful head of eigh teen. Her religions duties performed, Mary retired to bed. She was soon asleep. It was then about three o'clock, a.m. The French pendule on her mantelpiece was striking four, when she woke with a scream, from a hideous nightmare or dream, in which she saw Charles Linden and Sir Frank Morris meet, fight a dual, Sir Frank fall, shot through the head, and her lover, turning to her, bid her prepare to follow a murderer - a second Cain - in beggary through the world. So vivid, so real had this nightmare been, that for some time Mary sat up in bed, unable to re alise the fact that it was a dream. But even when she did so, she could not lie down and go to sleep again. Her heart beat violently against her side — a cold perspiration broke out all over her trem bling person - a horrible dread as to the possiblity of Sir Frank's assaulting her lover haunted her. She sprang from her couch, and felt so forcibly impelled to repair to the scene where Sir Frank had appointed a meeting with Charles Linden at six o'clocks, that she began to ask herself whether it, would not be cowardly in her, knowing of that that rendezvous as she did, not to repair thither and prevent the possibility of a hostile meeting. 'Why should I fear a walk through the avenue and across the park at an early hour in the morn ing? she said to herself. 'Who would harm me?' She looked from her window. The moon had retired behind a dark ridge of clouds. The wines had risen, and was stirring the leafless boughs. The was no light, or scarcely anything more than 'darkness visible,' and Mary's opening a pane in her window, which was contrived to admit the air, a few flakes of snow were driven against her face, and a few more fell into her bosom. 'It is a dreadful night, or rather morning,' she said, as she turned to her fireplace, where a few red embers lingered, and tried to revive them. 'Per haps they will not meet on such an inclement morning as this? Why cannot I be calm? Why cannot I trust in Providence? But then it may be Providence that sent me that warning dream that fills my heart with these torturing fears.' For about an hour Mary paced her room, arguing with herself, and trying to be calm; and then all at once fear got the better of reason, and hastily dressing herself, she gently opened her door a little, crossed the landing, ran lightly down two flights of stairs, and entered a conservatory which adjoined tbe countess's boudoir, of which she un locked the door. The conservatory was secured inside by strong iron bolts. These she tremblingly withdrew, and as she opened the outer door (there were two) a gust of snow-laden wind extinguished her lamp, and Mary stood at the entrance, in that cold wind and driving snow, trembling with cold and fear, but yet resolved to proceed. She stepped out in the darkness; the door banged to behind her, and she was on a flight of stone steps which communicated with a terrace. Mary breathed a fervent prayer to Heaven, and drawing the hood of her cloak over her head, and folding her mantle over her beating-heart, she descended the steps. They were very slippery, and at the last but one, her foot slipped and she fell, striking her delicate wrist against a sharp stone, and not noticing that the blood dripped from the wound on the large flagstones that covered the ground and were sheltered by the eaves. By this time the east was streaked with grey, and Mary, fleet as a roe, and her steps winged by fear, hurried along the dark avenue and across the park. The village clock struck six as she reached the trysting-place. Neither Sir Frank Morris nor Charles Linden were there. Mary remained for half-an-hour, the wind blow ing cold and keen in her drapery and her hair, and the snow bearing down on her pale face an shrinking form, and then convinced that her fears were groundless, and that the young men had thought better of it, she made the best of her way back to the house. On, on she sped in the ghastly light of the dim, grey dawn, across the park and along the avenue, where Cimmerlan darkness reigned. As she em erged from this dark avenue, she glanced timidly up at the Haunted Wing of the Court, and at the windows of the Blue Chamber she saw lights danc ing, and beheld forms resembling the descriptions she had heard of the Ghost of the Blue Chamber. With distended eyes she watched the form, and distinctly saw the hand raised with a warning gesture, which she fancied was meant at her. Terror lent wings to her feet, and she sped like one pursued back to the terrace, up the stone steps of which she hurried, reached the conservatory door, which she had left on the latch, and in a few minutes, half dead with cold and terror, she re gained her own room and stole back to bed. She had been absent from her chamber about an hour altogether on this expedition, and it was still almost dark when she dropped asleep. It was About nine o'clock when the little earl's maid came to her, and waking her, said, 'I'm sorry to disturb you, miss, after your ball, but is my young lord with my lady?' 'With my lady?' cried Mary, scarcely quite awake; no, he's in his own cot, nurse, is he not?' 'Oh, no, miss, he's not. I daresay my lady took him into her bed last night; he cried so when he found you were gone.' 'Go and ask her,' cried Mary. 'He was here when I came from the ball, for I kissed him in his sleep, And drew his curtain that the light mightn't hurt his eyes.' 'He may be playing at hide-and-seek, miss,' said the nurse. ' He is very fond of doing that; but I'll go to my lady, and know if he's with her.' A few minutes elapsed, and Mary supposed the dear little fellow was with his mother, and she was composing herself to sleep again, when in rushed the countess, pale with dread, wild with alarm, almost fainting with vague uneasiness. The boy — the darling, noble boy — had not been seen since his mother had sung him to sleep in his cot, by Mary's bedside, when she was at the ball. Vain were the calls of the countess and of Mary. It soon became certain that the noble little fellow was not playing at hide-and-seek. Mary's room was soon filled with the servants. Mrs. Lackaday, Aunt Tabby, and Mrs. Bussel came in pale and aghast. The Baron and Baroness Voncassel, and Hortense Vanderleur also came rushing in half-dressed, and in their alarm and horror, quite regardless of the fact that Mary was in her nightdress and bare footed in the middle of the room. The countess, wringing her hands, inquired for Mr. Charles Linden. The coachman said he had driven Mr. Charles Linden back to W-- after the ladies had retired, and that he believed it was on some business connected with Sir Frank Morris that he went there. The countess, her long black hair streaming (for her maid was brushing it when the nurse came to ask if the little lord was with her), and in her white wrapper, and barefooted all but her slippers, rushed about the house from room to room, call ing in frantic, heartrending agony, on her Richard — her darling — her angel — her only comfort — all that was left her of her Beaudesert. The servants followed her, as did every one in the house, in different stages of dishabille. There was a wildness in Lady Beaudesert's manner, and a strange light in her black eyes, that made every one fear she was going mad. Old Timewell was sobbing like a child, and the frantic countess had just exclaimed, 'Follow me, all who love my angel boy! follow me all over the grounds to the dark pond — the dark pond! Away, away! there is not a moment to lose. Oh! my boy! my only love! Where is Mary? Let her come with me! If any one can save or find him, she will! Where is she?' Just at this moment, Phoebe and John May flower, who had heard the tearible news, and been on the search, came rushing in to say that foot steps and traces of blood were to be seen on the snow all along the avenues, across the path, and up the terrace steps to the conservatory door con necting with the countess's boudoir. 