ECHOES OF PALL MALL. ' ^r ? '. ? I from our own correspondent. 1 London, 25th March. The 6rst shook of tlio news that the Czar had been assassinated having passed away, there is no impropriety in looking at the catastrophe from a historical point of view. Personally ho was not of a tyrannical disposi tion, tut a supreme ruler becomes responsible for the acts of his subordinates, and ho who suffers from a despotic system cannot be ex pected to discriminate nicely between tho merits of tho authors and inflictors of his wrongs. Ho simply feels that ho has the right of retaliation, and that if his oppressors are unscrupulous he need not bo fastidious. Tho disregard of law by superiors provokes law less reprisals. In this way the Czar had a heavy load of the sins of others to carry in addition to his own. That thia is the view taken in Russia itself was made evident in the discharge of Vera Sassulitch by the jury before whom her murderous assault was proved. The average Russian is pro foundly ignorant, and tho state of society throughout the country is somo centuries be hind that of England, Germany, or France. So far only the external circumstances of the assassination have been made known, its secret history being reserved for future de velopment. The first . expressions of horror, of indignation and of sympathy do not on such occasions count for much. They may be sin- ? cerely felt, but they are not the less conven tional. They are hollow without being hypo critical. The same may also be Baid of the professions of peace and goodwill with which tho new Czar responds to every messace of condolence. Ho says nothing but what i3 according to rule, and in all probability lie has nothing else to utter. His policy for the present merely consists in say ing or doing what is expected of him, and his individual tendencies will only become evident when he encounters a difficulty. It is said that the new Czar has already been threat ened, but tho story may be doubted, and of course ho can take no overt notice of tho ex pressions of approbation of the deed of ven geance which obtain publicity in Geneva, Paris, London and New Yorlc.' The various European Governments will no doubt ex change views as to the propriety of doing something to discourage secret societies and to keep a watch over suspected individuals. The correspondence will be faultlessly ex pressed, duly read, then pigeon-holed, and tho jrorld will go on as it has done. There is just now a great gathering of the scionB of royal houses in St. Petersburg. Tho Duchess of Edinburgh is there to perform her last duties to tho deceased, whilo the Princess of Wales is conferring with her sister the new Empress. The Crown Prince of Germany considers the occasion a fitting one for recon ciliation with the Czar, their relations having hitherto been far from friendly. An agree ment to forget the post will no doubt be arrived at, but anything like real cordiality is not to be expected. A fortnight ago it was looked upon as a certainty that Mr. Gladstone would not de mand urgency for tho consideration of tho estimates, because it was certain to bo refused. But' the Premier is not remarkable for ability in forecasting changes of temper and feeling, and he did that which his friends thought he would have the good sense to avoid. He demanded urgency, and he was met with a point-blank refusal, in the utterance of which there was only one dissentient voice from the Opposition, while a considerable number of Liberals abstained from backing up their chief. The result has shown that there was not tho least occasion for asking for urgency. For three nights running the Government were un prepared with sufficient business to keep tho House at work, and half-time was the order of the day. Its leader thus committed a double blunder. He called out ' Wolf I' too soon, and he had better not call for help again. Urgency is dead, and it was tho author of its being that killed it. The Coventry election has ended in the triumphant return of the protectionist candi date. Coventry is a Liberal constituency, Mr. Eaton is a Conservative, and yet he won by a majority of many hundreds. To what elBe, then, but a growing1 disbelief in one-sided free-trade is his Buccess to he attributed ? By general consent tho free-trade newspapera have apparently agreed to drop all allusion to tho unwelcome event. The party seem disposed to shut their eyes, in the hope that the simoom will pass harmlessly over them. Mr. Henrion, who was returned at the top of the poll for Preston, is another pronounced protectionist, and ho has just delivered a speech which has had tho effect of bringing ont Mr. John Bright to slongwhang him with his choicest Saxon. The English protectionists are still, however, in want of a leader, but now that the hour has come the man cannot be far off. After the delay of a fortnight, caused by the mistaken impression that certain 'votes in' supply should bo regarded as urgent, the debate on tho want of confidence motion in relation to the withdrawal from C.andahar is, while I write, in progress. The Opposition know that it cannot bo carried, but they shrewdly expect that they will have publio opinion with them, and they hope for a reward at some future time. This is another of the questions on which .Mr. Gladstone has mis judged tho temper of the country. The pro posed vote of £5,000,000 as-England'a contribu tion towardB the expense of the Afghan war was received with more favor. The vote was really for only £500,000 on account, and as India has already had £2,000,000, there remains ]irt £2,500,000 to bo handed over. Tho most ; convenient way of making payment is to re mun from drawing on India bo long as the vote is unexhausted, whereby a saving in the «chango will be effected. After this vote waa passed the Government asked for an In JWment of three months' anpply, bat the 'PpoBihon would only consent to a grant for AiT2.ths- wWoh was accepted. fhr c!? ?nbUo tineas having been got 'rough in less time than was expected, Mr Gladstone saw his way to making a promise to introduco the Irish Land Bill before the Easter recess, so that it may go to its second reading on tho first day of tho reassembling of the House. With the first debate warm weather may bo expected to sot in. The Mansion House of the Lord Mayor has had a narrow escape from being blown up, tho fuse connected with 40 lb. weight of powder having been actually lighted, when a valiant policeman seized the nettle danger and plucked tho flame safety. A more meaningless outrage can hardly be conceived. Sir William Har court, too, baa had a little scare. A rusty pistol was sent to him in a parcel, as the first contribution of arms surrendered under tho second Coercion Aot,but he did not like the look of tlie parcel, harmless as it was, and he had it opened by tho police. The affair was only a joke, although a sorry one, and was as likely as not perpetrated by some of his own friends. It has been so far treated seriously that no one is now allowed to carry a parcel within the precincts of Parliament without having it examined. Tho ghost of Guy Fawkes must find some amusement in such goings on. The Liberal Government is becoming so famous for concessions that somo disappoint ment was felt at the CoercionBills being carried ruthlessly to their bitter end ; but the conces sion has come at last. Tho prisoners at Kil mninham are so luxuriously lodged and bo well treated that they are now better off than they were before. A clergyman of the Church of England having been taken up and lodged in a Yorkshire gaol for showing his bad taste in some matter of ecclesiastical millinery, a member of Parliament provoked some merri ment by asking if ho was not to be as well treated ns the prisoners at Kilmainham ; but as ho is neither a traitor nor nn instigator of assassination, he is not considered worthy of consideration. The Transvaal war has been terminated in a way with which thepublicare far frombeingwell satisfied. It has not yet been made clear that tho Boers in arms fairly represent the wishes of the population of the Transvaal, and if they do not the submission of Mr. Gladstone is de serving of being tonsured. A policy of sub mission is always in one sense successful, because there is no one on the spot to hinder its achievement, but it does not follow that everything will end well. Tho suzerainty of the Queen is to be acknowledged, but how ? There is to be an English resident, but he is not to be supported, and if he represents that things are going on wrong, will England rein vade the territory ? A host of similar ques tions may be put, and they all tend to show that England cannot shake off her responsibility, and that the new arrangement will be as costly as the old, with no possibility of profit. It is said that the English have no right to be in the Transvaal, but it may be as well asked why the Boers are there ? Again, if English submission in the Transvaal should make tho Boers aggressive elsewhere, will England be held liable for tho damage done ? The future is by no means clear, and it may be found out that present tranquillity has been purchased at the cost of future turbulence. The new peace policy is positively an incentive to war. The English Government virtually says to all tho world : ' Begin fighting, and you will get all you want.' Another mutiny in India should, according to the new practice, be immediately followed by the capitulation of Calcutta. Tho French loan has been so great a success that 90 per cent, of the deposits had to be re turned. There are more ways of looking at this success than one. The deposit of scrip was accepted as cash, an arrangement which accounts for the number of applications, but it was one which was unfair to the smaller in vestors who had no scrip to deposit. Through out the transaction there was an apparent de sire to give it a sensational aspect. As the buyers were certain to reap an immediate profit, it would not have created surprise if the whole amount had been tendered for by a single firm. The object was not so much to obtain the money on favorable terms as to ad vertise to the world that the credit of France is exceedingly good, and that the loan transac tion is vastly popular. No ono had any doubt on either point, bo that it may now with propriety be Baid that too much has been sac rificed to bIiow. Indeed, the transaction has had an effect contrary to what was intended. It has been made evident that after all French loans are not obtained chiefly from the pea santry, and that their popularity is to a certain extent a delusion. The troubled relations between France and Tunis still continue, and they may end after all in the violent assumption of a protectorate. Tho English Government has, as usual, showed weakness and vacillation, and people are even beginning to lose faith in Sir Charles Dilke, who appears to have had the management largely in his own hands. There is also a rumor that Lord Beaconsficld was willing to hand over Tunis to France as a douceur for her compliance in the annexation of Cyprus. The story is not improbable, the only thing that discredits it being that Franco took no immediate step to avail herself of the offer. If the rumor be true Mr. Gladstone will be justified in letting France have her own way, otherwise it would seem as if she were going to take it without any quid pro quo. In Egypt, too, France is becoming aggressive in sending a representative who is distasteful both to England and the Khedive. The dreary negotiations which have been going on in Constantinople are likely, af tor all, to prove resultless. The representatives of the powers appear to be on the point of abandon ing any further attempts to bring about a mutual understanding between Turkey and Greece, bo that their next atep will probably be to draw up an ultimatum of their own, and if this should be rejected war will ensue. Greece and Turkey will bo left to fight out their quarrel, tho moral aid of the powers being given against the country which refuses to accept these terms. The end is thus more doubtful than over. The substi tution of Crete for EpiniB has been proposed and withdrawn several times, but it is likely to find a place in tho final ultimatum. The Lawson-Labouchere libel case has occu pied tho time of the courts for a week with no other result than to show that plaintiff and defendant are alike contemptible. It would be well if the jury could bring in a verdict to that effect. Ono of tho newspapers made a carious blun der the other day. A telegram from South Africa began thus : — ' Operations' resumed.' There was then a stoppage, and the messenger in attendance posted off in haste with matter for a 'second edition,' which was speedily pro duoed. After it had been issued the rest of the message came :— (' for tho relief of tho be leagured garrison.' There is an old story that tho semaphore service between the Hor.ioguards and Plymouth was once guilty of it similar freak. The message came in two portions, tho first being ' Wellington beat,' and the second ' the French.' These little mistakes will happen till the end of time. Mr. Chaplin — a bucolic, horsey ConHerva tive — achieved a great feat tho other day. He actually carried the second reading of an Eng lish Tenant Farmers' Compensation Bill. This is a dangerous game for Tories to play, for of course Mr. Gladstone can always ou't tramp them with a more liberal measure, and they will not have grounds for complaint if they are caught in their own trap. It is the story of the Heathen Ohinee over again. Mr. Chaplin played a trump card, but he will find that Mr. Gladstone has a pack of aces up his sleeve. Ho had better retire from the contest. Lord Cairns has a better position. His Land Bills are, so far as they go, good ones ; they were introduced before Mr. Gladstone come into office, and yet they have no chance of being fairly considered. This is a pity, and if Mr. Gladstone be magnanimous, he h:\s an op portunity of showing it. 