ETC FULL RETRIBUTION. IRISH TALE OP THE LAST CENTUBY. BY E10HA2D 0* SULLIVAN, A.B. CHAPTER X.—(Continued.) the court broke up, and tbe once proud haughty owner of Castle Desmond waB isferred to the jail at Bantry, while his filter, heart-broken, returned home, was, indeed, a terrible blow for her. father ehe so loved, who BO loved her— id, 60 good to everybody—was accused rarder; and the man he was said to have rdered was Frank's father. This idea it that intensified her anguish. Here was ,wiling chasm filled with blood between 'and him on whom Bhe had bestowed her g heart and all its warm, gUBhing affees. They never, never, could be united, life was doomed henceforth to be one of >f and anguish. What would Frank say he would hear this fearful story? mid he not shudder with horror? "Would lot hate and loathe her father ? Would iot exact vengeance to the last extremity ? what if her father was innocent ? Of :se he was innocent. She believed Rawstory to be an infamous concoction, ihed in pure revenge for the rejection of imy's suit. It was she, then, brought heavy trial upon her father. How she jpt over and deplored it. Agnes Mahony, inseparable companion, who, poor thing, [ griefs of her own in plenty since the munt of the loss of the Chance, strove her lost to console her. She argued upon the ,t improbability of any jury believing ,wlins, she dwelt upon the many little lints which appeared in favour of Langton's nocence, and succeeded in bringing calm- 163 and some degree of hope to the breast of afflicted young girl. 'he day following the investigation, Father Connell, by the express desire of Langton, Ime to take up his quarters at the castle, lis society, his comforting and cheerful inversation, perhaps more than anything le, helped Nina to regain her usual tran- ~"ity. Every day Mr. Esmonde had ing interviews with Langton, and his sports to the ca6tle were always reassuring id confident in tone. Mr. James Rawlins found time hang very ;avy on his hands. He did not see why is father should be kept in confinement ite as strict as that of Langton's, and he ide several complaints on that head to the iblic in general at Lanigan's bar, and rrowly esoaped severe chastisement for ime of his observations respecting Nina, ideed, there was a great amount of ipathy for the accused among the people, articularly among the poorer classes, who tad often enjoyed his bounty, and they were iot prepared to listen unmoved to the bind of ,!k Jemmy treated them to occasionally, emrny, too, was running rather short of loney, and that was not agreeable to him. pon reflection ho thought that his father r ould have done much better if he had remained contented with exacting a good iribute from the well-filled exchequer of 'lington, and not pushed matters to ex- •emities. Not knowing precisely upon what 'ounds, he determined to see Nina, and try extort money from her on the promise that father would " be light " upon Langton consideration of the largess. So he made lis way to the castle, and succeeded in gainig aocess to the private grounds without ling noticed. As he walked along he irceived two female forms crossing at a tow pace a gentle rill which commanded a :autiful prospeot of the sea. He watched hem as they .made their way into a hrubbery at the foot of it, which separated from the road, and then he made up his ind to follow them thither. He did BO, nd was not long overtaking them. Nina hrieked in affright as Bhe Baw his hated eatures before her. " Ter need'nt kick up sioh a row. I ain't goin' to touch ye. 1 only want to speak yoii, and you'd better listen to me for a inute." " Miss Langton does not want to listen to nything from you," eaid Miss Mahony, armly, " BO you must leave this place at nce, or I'll call the gate-keeper." '' I arn't talkin* to you at all, Miss Sarsy O shut yer mouth. I want to speak to—" "What do you want here?" faltered ina, "go away, go away, you have no usiness here, sir; I wont hear you." • Well, surely you are proud now, for a al whose father is agoin' to be hung. It's bout him I want to tell you; it'a something ood." "-Good or bad, she won't have it from ou," retorted Agnes. "Come.' away, ina," she continued, clasping the halfainting girl's arm and leading her 4way. Jemmy was infuriated at this resistance to im, atid, grasping-the Bkirt.of Nina'B dress e exclaimed: " I tell you ehe must stop, I won't let her o. I want money, it's more mine than ers, and she must give me some, or—" .; Here Nina fell to the—ground and Jemmy elt himself seized roughly by the neck. He uraed Mond^abd £aw4Hat his aasdilaat-waetall, foreign- looking, manf. with sunburnt ace and thick beard and moustache. ,Jemmy truggled' fo free himself, "but .found himself. epaid with numerous hearty kicks, and, he was- flung s^eer' j over, -tile- fence, nd came headlonginbo the muddy diteh at he other aide, out of which he soramblud ith difficulty; i Ninahad not fainted; Bhe d merely stumbled, when the intruder tad seized her dress, and she was rising to thank her rescuer when she heard a joyful scream from her companion, and the next moment she Baw her clasped to the bosom of the stranger, laughing and crying in the same breath. " Oh, Laurence, Laurence," she sobbed, " are you come back to me at last, after so many long years ?" " Yes, Agnes, my own dear girl," was the impassioned answer, "I am come baok to you, and for you, never more to leave you." ''Why, Laurence, did you never write or send any word to me all this time?—oh I was so miserable, so unhappy." " I know I am to blame, dearest, but believe me, I shall explain all," Seeing Nina advancing, she blushed, and freeing herself from the embrace of her lover, she Baid, turning to Nina, "This is Mr. M'Carthy, Nina, a cousin of Mr. O'Brien. I am sure you must have heard him mention the name, for they were friends and companions." "I am happy, indeed, to meet Mr. M'Carthy," she answered, " I have often heard him mentioned in happier days." " I trust you have not been hurt by the stumble you got, Miss," asked Laurence, oourteously. "I should have assisted you to recover yourself, but you see most unexpectedly this young lady here occupied all my attention," and he nodded smilingly at AgneB, who, still blushing and radiant with new- found happiness, stood by his side. " I hope Mr. Langton is quite well. There must be many changes in him since I saw him last." Nina burst into tears, and Laurence, fancying from this that he was dead, apologised as delicately as he could. " We are very unhappy here now, Laurence," said Agnes, " for a great grief has come upon all here, which you will learn by- and-bye; but oome in; your old friend, Father O'Connell, is here, and he will be glad to welcome you home." The three then proceeded to the castle, and, as they were entering, they were met by Father O'Connell. For Bome time he did not recognise Laurence, in the tall, stalwart, young man who stood before him in the uniform of a French naval oilioer; but at last, seeing him smile at him, he exclaimed: " What, can it be possible—Laurence M'Carthy ! This is a surprise indeed. My dear young fellow, you are welcome home. I wish you a thousand welcomes. Come in —make yourself at home." " Why, Father O'Connell, here's a change with a vengeance ! When last we met, you said I was a good-for-nothing scamp, who couldn't but end badly, and now you wel come me home. I don't think I've changed so as to merit your greetings." "Well, don't let that trouble you; we'll suppose the change for the better, and make joyful overit—the prodigal BOD, you know," said theprieBt, good-humouredly, leading the way in. "As soon as they had reached a sittingroom the two girls departed, leaving the priest and Laurence alone. They thought it better that he should be made acquainted with the dark cloud that hung over Castle Desmond and darkened the life of all in it. Laurence heard the narrative in utter amazement, and he never interrupted the priest until, with a deep-drawn sigh, he concluded. Then he asked what were the chanoes of Langton being acquitted. "But, father," he said, "isn't this hor rible? I oan hardly trust my ears. What will become of his daughter — her life's happiness will be crushed forever. And poor Frank, too, how does he bear it ?" " He knows nothing at all about it yet. The affair came out only a day or two ago. Of course, he'll come down here at once to his mother—she wants some comfort, poor creature, in this heavy trial that has fallen upon her." "I trust that every measure for defenoe is being taken. Does Langton declare himself innocent, or does he admit it ?" " Well, my dear boy, I am sorry to say he does not say it in such a way as to give me confidence in his innocence—unfortunate man." " Father, let us drop this dreadful subjeot. I feel sick at heart, and my brain reels at the thought of it. Oh, I have seen revolting sights-; looked on death in every shape, and have listened to many a wild tale-; but never did anything affect me equal to this." Sitting round the tea-table, when Nina and Agnes again entered, they spoke little. Laurence esaayed to. speak a couple of times, but his look fell upon the sad and pale face of her whose father lay fdst bound in prison, and he could not Utter a single word. After tea Father O'Connell engaged himself reading his office. Nina Bat on a sofa drawing her consolation from a religions book, while Laurence and Agnes were seated at the window enjoying a tiU-k-tete. She told Mm the story of Frank's love, and the unpleasant issue of it. This was an unexpected addition to the bad news he bad • heard .already, and it afflicted him even'.more, for, whether. Langton-was pronounced guilty or innocent,- it was almost equally impo'subje that the* pair lie ^Laurenoejfelt so' mubh' interest in could be united. 'He had BO many bright day-dreams of happinesB, at returninghome, and meeting her to -"whom&e; had plighted his troth, r thatlt indeed a'sad revulsion to find nothing but sarrow,: and Bhame,«nd suffering enveLppingjall thbse. hecared fcfc Laurence i wq$ « man of aoute ^esljngp^ Jpf kindliest warm attachments ; and l^^iia .mttde Jum «uSerthe mbreifceeply.-.Oae Jfiiwr Jie repaired ; ppori-fhe" should Orarifen'Md, satisfy himself' ttat"' fediiyfe 'against Langton were not thoae/of hatred or'thirst for vengeance. Trankj tbOiTiefhoilia tm t and { n p - CHAPTER XI. THE STOEM CLEAES OFF. WHJTN Frank O'Brien returned to Cork, gs fter/ his last interview with Langton, he strove to drive away the remembrance of his disappointment by an unremitting application to 'buBineBB, but notwithstanding his utmost endeavours his thoughta used to wander back to the scene where the brightest hopes of his life were dispelled. He was in one of those moody, despondent reveries when his mother's letter informing him of the marvellous revelations at Castle Desmond, came into his hands. His grief, his astonishment were unbounded. One curious fact in connection with his feelings was, that from the moment he read the letter, the idea of Langton's guilt fastened itself into his mind, and could not be removed or disturbed. He looked, too, upon the news as the culminating point of his misfortunes. It had EepaTated him totally from Nina, and in his desperation he fancied that relentless fate could possibly have no worse stroke in store for him. Giving his partners intimation simply that urgent business summoned him to the West, he left Cork about soon, and travelling all night, came into his native village at an early hour in the mbrning. He turned towards the priest's cottage, where he knew his mother was staying, and perceiving that they were already astir within, he knooked at the door. It was opened by his mother, who, at beholding him, all but dropped to the ground, so pale and ghastly was the face she looked upon. The meeting was indeed a trying one for both parties. The mother wept long and bitterly on her son's bosom, and he, attempting to comfort and support her, could but with difficulty restrain his own tears. Of Langton they spoke but little, and the little they did say was charitable and forgiving. Of Nina they spoke a great deal. This was a subject on which Frank could either talk or listen for any length of time, but there was very little that oould afford any satisfaction to be said. So far as the prosecution of the case against the accused was concerned, they determined to take no vindictive part in it, but let justice take its due course with as little interference as possible. When this conversation was at an end, Frank discussed mentally the propriety of seeking an interview with Nina, if it were only to inform her of the determination he and his mother had oome to of abstaining from active interference in the coming trial; and the result of his cogitations was, that it was better not to do so, but permit Father O'Connell to impart that intelligence to her. In the desire of keeping himBelf from public observation, he stqpped inside all day, but yet it leaked out that he had arrived, and many a one who had no business whatever in that quarter, passed by the way and peered in through the windows to oatoh a glimpse of him as thongh he were some strange animal. Formerly, no suoh intrusive honour had been paid him, but morbid curiosity is strongly developed in the human breast, and now that his name had been connected with a great tragedy and with wonderful revelations, Frank beoame an object of interest such as he had no acknowledged title to before. Among those who heard of his arrival were Laurence and the priest, and both hastened to see him, prompted by motives more commendable than those of curiosity. The priest entered first, and so engrossed was Frank with his salutation that he never noticed the other coming into the room and standing by his side. At last Father O'Connell drew his attention to him by saying that an old friend had unexpectedly come to offer his sympathies and services. The young man turned round at once, but did not upon the moment recognise M'Carthy. Father O'Connell was prepared to see Frank' agreeably surprised, but he was by no means prepared to see Laurence show symptoms of astonishment, and yet of the two he exhibited by far the greatest tokens of wonder. " You don't seem to reoognise your cou9in, Frank," said the priest gaily, " here is the soapegraoe actually baok to life again that we all thought was gone to kingdom come." " Oh, Laurence, Laurence, welcome here, my dear old playfellow and companion. I am sorry I cannot give you a heartier and a happier welcome, but I suppose you are aware of the terrible things that have oome to pass since you left us. Oh, Laurence !" "Dear Frank, Heaven only knows how I feel. By Jove, it's surprising ! These things are in the hand of God, Frank—O Lord, the same eyes, the same hair—we must all le resigned to whatever trials come to us from on high. Good Heavens, if it should be the case!—I'll swear I am talking nonsense." Father O'Connell laughed outright. " Why, what in the name of common sense isthe matter with you, Laurence? You look as if you had seen a ghost over night. I Imagined it was Frankwould be pstoirishisd at the return of the prodigal, and here you are converted into a talking statue of wonder. What on earth iis the matter? Speak -out and enlighten us." V. Laurence answered, " I'll say nothing to any one- just now, but I am wonderfully mistaken if I don't turn «ut the mightiest miracle-maker that ever Bally bofey-saw. acknowledge tbatXJwW-JteenJfcP least bit imaginable a8tonished,"l)iat that "Couldn t be ^Iauppose,' r Mid j&aaSkj; with jaaittempfe, field to TBgslB, make h'da'e&art; :to jpigft, aflvp v, tronbT '. ^'jnay jipvM&mpjr.Wm;>n " * --WtltaH Indeed .^a^w^fdfpB'".< ifrjfoTtf^iffljK 1 i ywlMseaijy dans&ril; jM^^ffljfel Iag-Oie first spare hour we |ui|t p c now, I have a little business on hand that I lam anxious to get rid of; so, good-bye for the present." Laurence then withdrew from the room, and, taking his hat, directed his steps towards Castle Desmond. Anyone noticing him could not fail to perceive that he was deeply engrossed in eerious thought as he walked along. An air of half uncertainty, curiously mingled with exultation, seemed oarved upon his.features. He found Nina and Agnes in the same room be had left them in, in the morning, and he BP A ted himself by them. "Did you see Mr. O'Brien?" demanded Agnes, well knowing that her companion was burning with anxiety to learn all about bim, and was only restrained from beginning- the inqwry herself by a feeling of delicacy, "how was he looking ?" " Well, to tell the truth, he was not looking as Btrong as I could wi«h to see him, but then he had been travelling all night, and, of course that would account for a great deal. He is not in very good spirits either—poor fellow, he is sadly cut up." As he was speaking, he observed that Nina was silently weeping, doing her best to conceal it, however. Laurence's heart smote him, and be continued in a more cheerful [strain, "still he was much better than one might expect; and as soon as he has recovered from his fatigue I dare eay' he'll look any number of times better. You should not givo way too much to grief, Miss Langton," said he soothingly, "there may be happy days in store for you yet. Now, I should not wonder if twelve months hence you looked upon all this trouble simply as a very rough and harsh beginning to happy times." " Oh, thank you, indeed, Mr. M'Carthy, for your good and kind wisheB, but my happy days are gone, and gone for ever." " I do not think so ; MisB Langton, I assure you I do not, and I am not speaking merely to cheer you up." " How can I survive hearing my father's name in the mouths of the lowest and moBt degraded, and listen to him being branded as a murderer—and the murderer of ? Oh ! Heaven shield me, and keep my pior brain from turning wild—what shall I do ? where shall I turn to. in my despair and misery ? was any one ever so miserable,BO wretohed aa I am ? Oh, papa—lost to me, lost to me !" " Indeed you do wrong, dear Mies Langton, in giving way to your feelings thus. Now, what can be more likely than that Rawlins himself committed tbe deed—certainly he has the appearance of one that would do it, and your(father has not. Then, again, you should look to the probabilitiesof an aoquittal, and everyone says they are many. In fact there are great grounds for hope—yon should always hope and never be oast down. Depend upon it, all will turn out well; I feel confident of it, and I tell you so emphatically, and I Bhould feel sorry to arouse hopes that I did not honestly and conscientiously think would be realised. I would not attempt to do BO, believe me." " I am sure sir, you know more about these things than I do—but oh, if I could hope— if I could only dream that he and I were away from this dreadful place, never to see it again, though I could not be happy, I would be content with him, if he were safe and free." "Listen to your good friend Laurence, dearest Nina," whispered AgneB ; " be saia by him and be hopeful; he knows all surely." " One of my reasons, for coming just now was to say that I have most important and urgent business which neoessitateB my setting out for France the instant I ean, and I trust you will excuee-my absence. I should like, indeed to put my small services at your command, but you'll know that at all events it is no lack of inclination whioh prevents my staying, and yet perhaps I may be of " . " Going to France—back again Laurence I What do you mean ? Is it to desert us just when we most want you?" exclaimed Agnes ruefully, half inclined' to cty. " You said nothing about this in the morning—how. suddenly you make up your mind. I'llx sure you ought to think of others." " That's the identical reason I want to go,*' said he smilingly, " the very reason I assure you. There are some arrangements whioh I must make." " Can't they wait a while?" replied jehe, panting, her heart telling her for what the preparations were, in. all likelihood.;;. V You seem in such a hurry. I am sure-we oughtn't - to let you go. What will Father O'Connell ^ say to it when he hears about it P He will", change your mind." "I feel certain, Agnes that if you knew/ what my business was, you would' tell ine to J be off at once, and make no delay: You ' would pack me off." J . ' "Oh, indeed, how 6ure-yoiV£fe.' I Aon't < feel certain at all myself, I may as wall : inform you. But if you 'mud; .gOr-why—'^ why, letitbe«o, , ?i-! . -- At another ti me Ntoia-might f^el aj&psed; r this little passage of .arms between tlralovsrs,- - but ttogpef.op. hflr 0^eart.wa8*^o,neayy4to Y* allow; aught", of. _ar." «yen '^fi^jcjfllaeis ', entrance." Tliipkin'g that Jhe' 1 imght have .some siibjec^ for coritfdenfSv Jatitj^e " discussion of which he'r'prwenc^ jinlght' ^pBeK vent, 'she Tose and feft thri fiuim.- uciict^j* Laurence mov<SJ «fe 'chaw 'fifeerite-ttUB-^ oonjMilil&«&ataBiea;£ti&iTO; BsiwaioJfiMS " Well, man,T7hem!lii»tnri21 We Jongene ; wSrf". IVwei .„ „ togKfrrf' ^i&ktiawLj;^-s ! > 6i«i&'!o rn-indv emT' ecu icoO ia is&Li;&x;&L; 