A GfflOST •• AT NOOK-DAY ! j {From tie Pall Mall Gazette.} We have received the following extraordin ary narrative from a correspondent for whose good faith and professional acuteness of obser vation we can voueh. He substantiates his stor* with full details as to dates, asmes, and nlaftes, which, however, for the Bake of the 'survivors, be does not wish to be published. Yftthaut any farther preface, we lay «»s let-tor before bar readers. " As my wife and i were silting at breakfast with a ^uest, Whom I will call Mr. A. , then on a viat for the first time to our house and neighbourhood—our maid-servant passed out of the loom on her way to the kitchen. As she closed the door Mr. A. startled inc. by - ing, " I tew-a spirit of a man following that woman, who, as he'paesed, said distinctly in my bearing, ■'God jud-geth notas man judgeth. J was innocent of the crime for which I have been hanged, 1 was there, ,bnt I did uol strike tbe blow.'"> " What in it likeT Iasked. He replied by describing a young Irishman ■whom I recognized at once as the husband of my domestic, who a year or two before had been executed on a charge of marder. Mr. A., a complete Stranger to the locality, had on ly met me for the first time two days before, and he waste tally ignorant of the crime in whieh my servant was so deeply interested. For obvious reasous the subject was never mentiyned in our household, where the widow was regarded with feelings of sympathy, which led as to avoid as much as possible all refer ence to her hosban<T« fate. I had previously good reason to doubt whether the evidence against turn justified hiB execution. He had died protesting his innocence. His _jvifc aT)d friends were firmly convinced that, although, he bad been in the fight, it was not by his hand that the fatal Wow had been struck. In addition to thiB, I haiigood reason to believe that the real murderer was still at large. You can easily imagine my astonishment when Mr. A. suddenly ventured on forbidden ground, and abruptly declared that the spirit of a man who had suffered the capital penalty, and whose personal appearance exactly coincided wjth that of the unfortunate Irishman, waa ac tually following tfie sefyant about the house proclaiming hisrinhooence in accents which, although inaudible to ine, my guest declared were perfectly audible to him. I had heard that Mr. A. had been* "seer.rbut I was not a little startled at this striking illustration of his peculiar faculty. I remarked that it was very strange, and Informud him that the Wom an whom he had just aeon for the first time with her ghostly companion writ really the widow of ah executed fetch. B&kae; time af terwardB be exclaimed: 'There he is again, repeating the same words V Intensely inter ested by this sudden and apparently superna tural confirmation of my suspicions, I deter mined to put the seerahip of my gueBt to what I regarded as a cruciil test. I told Mr. A., that shortly afterwards I was going into town, and as I should be passing the spot • where the murder was committed perhaps his ghostly visitant might indicate the place where the dead'raan lay. Some time afterwards we started for the town. When we left the house Mr.'A. remarked: 'There he is following us,' alladirtg to ihc' spirit,' When we had pro ceeded part of the way along the road, which was quite unknown to my friend, I made a dfttour to make a business call, and went along another afreet, Mr. A. following me. Just as, without a word on my part, we were turning out of the main road, Mr. A. said,' The spirit is standing at tho comer. He -says we are not going the right way towards the place where the murder was committed, aud which he has promised to point out to me}' 1 replied, ' Oh, .wd shall Come out in the main road again by and-bye before we reach -the spot.' we pro cCededjOn about a quarter. *>f a.mile, and hay-. iog dope my business and struck the main road agaln-s-rWbicb differed, I may remark^ from none bf&eether; roads we had traversed —Mr. A. soon qftcT'daebued, 'There is thrft man juriqn t^q^^tipg/for ns.' As we continued our I . ptwpose'.y refrained from uttering a orgven from thinking, as for «!s I could, about tho murder, so as to prevent diy posMbility of my companion ob taining any .clue. As we were passing through one of the lowest parts of the town, Mr. A. suddenly,exclaimed :—' lie tells me that it was here tbe murder was committed. It Was just therc ipointing to the place in the road Where the murdered-man tell.) I see the hu b bub and confusion rise up before me as a pic ture', with the people round, Hp, however, again WHS we that he did not strike the fotal blow. Hedoesnotexeuse himsclf fi'bm being mprally guilty as being mixed up with; those Who aocorapiishpd the death of the man, but strongly maintains thatIbe was pot the mur derer.' I will Only odd In reWtion to the last incident that Mr. A. described the exact spot Wh§re the murdor was committed, and the cir cumstances 1q connection therewith. How can yOu accpunt for that 1 Mr. A had never been in the town before'; he had. never lived within a couple of hundred miles of It; he did not know till a day or two before ho arrived thai he woulci ever visit it; he could not by ;*uy potesibjUfy have known that toe poor wo foan'.in my employ wa» toe wjdow of n man Wbp/$4$jfehipcL He had no conceivable in-, q^hlving me, nor was he ..concerned to proBeeh'fo the mutter, any further. I have In Vaifi attempted to account for his story, npr can I; or any of the popnlar hypotheses, ex plain to ipyhp'n satisfaction how he saw that ghost at qopntjay. Tbat-bc did see it he as anVed tae,-Ymicb to my surprise, when no one exptotedariy auch rerelation ; and, .whatever he ssw. itphrtainly led.him to the exact place where she murder #a#'committed. 