LITERATURE. OABLYLE'S BEMOHSOENOES/ Ftbst Notiok. Thifl is one of the most remarkable books | that hare been published for a long while. It does not appear to bear any relation to literature, but to come, a great deal of it, aa a wild, infinite wail from a sad, oppressed human bouL It belongs not at all to " the enlightenment of the nineteenth century," or to the "development of human thought," but is a passionate outburst of sorrow Btricken human feeling. It enables us to understand the intensity of expression which etamps the pages of Carlyle's literary work. This quality was but the impression of his own intensity of feeling. He speaks of himself in one of these pages as "skinless," and there is no doubt that much of his most essential characteristics came from hiB almost morbid sense of the unutterable and infinite pathos of human life, its sadness, its futility, its isolation amidst surrounding eternities, its transience, and its miserable outcome. It is easy to see in reading these pages, which are dictated straight from the heart—without the help of the. intellectual judgment, or any co-opera tion of the " literary faculty," or any correc tion from' anticipation of perusal by the -reading phblic—that Carlyle's life was clouded and embittered by depressing physical conditions of dyspepsia and almost hypochondria, that he hardly ever knew robust health, that his energetic activities were never seconded by bodily strength, and that the reaction of body on mind was in all respects sad, and discouraging, and con- , ducive to despondency and misery. Hence his sometimes fierce, sometimes peevish discon tent, his supersensitiveness to suffering, his almost savage isolation and self- absorption, the hamhnftSH and frequent unfairness of his judgments on others, the boundlessness of his love bid friendship for his wife, and his crushing sense of bereavement at her los9. It would be easy to criticise these volumes with lofty superciliousness, and to direct the fthafta of satire at a thousand points in them. This, however, would be to small purpose. It wfll be to more profit to accept them as showing ub, divested of all forms and veils, the innermost workings of ens of the greatest souls of our time, and as illustrating the sorrowfulness of his lot, the toilsomeness of his way, and the pain and difficulty under which his great work was given to the world. If his sensibilities were quick, and his per ceptions acute, he paid bitterly for pos sessions which contributed to the power and spell of bis writings, and, reading these utterances, we can readily understand the mood of despair which caused him in one of his books to exclaim, "Happy the sleepers for whom Existence is a shallow dream." The present book comes out in this way. Ten years ago Mr. Carlyle handed a collection of MSS. to Mr. Fronde, with the request (hat he would publish them, should he see fit to do so, after he (Mr. Carlyle) was dead. They consisted of letters written by hiB wife, with the rudiments of a preface of Iris own, giving an account of her and their own life together. The letters wonld, he considered, form a monument to a singularly gifted woman, who had sacrificed ambition to devote hereelf to him. He also placed a large quantity of other biographical materials in in the hands of Mr. Fronde to deal with as he pleased. These Mr. Fronde found, on looking over (hem, contained various sketches and reminiscences of his father, Edward Irving, Southey, Wordsworth, and his wife. These appeared to Mr. Fronde to be too valuable to be broken up and used in any composition of his own, and he obtained Mr. Carlyle's con sent to publish them immediately after his death. They never received (heir author's ■ supervision, some of them appear to have been written without any thought or inten tion of publication, and it is, perhaps, to be regretted that Mr. Fronde did not exercise (he functions of an editor more unsparingly and excise personal references which there is no reason from Carlyle's pnblished writings to believe that he would have allowed to appear in their present form. In noticing the contents of these volumes we will begin with the pathetic tribute of affection paid to the memory of his wife, Jane Welsh Carlyle. This was-written down immediately after her death, in the first paroxysm of bereavement, and by Kb want of order and frequent repetitions, it,1 • reflects the broken state of his mind at that tibia To it are prefixed some anecdote^: of ; Mm, Carlyle, remembered by Miss Jewabury, : which he had requested her to tell him, and ' he begins his paper by comments on and ' corrections of these. He refers to her father's > deatir, which was her first and greatest sorrow, tad proceeds—" I have a kind of notion (beautiful to me and sad exceedingly) she was never as happy again, after (hat sunniest youth of hem, as in the last is months, and especially the last two weeks of her life, when . after wild rain deluges and black tern J-pests many, the sun shone forth again j for another's sake with full mild brightness, ■ taking sweet fareweiL Oh, it is beautiful to ; me,and oh, ttis humbling,and it is sad! ' Where was my,Jeenaie'e peer in (his world? And ahe Ml to me, and I could not screen ! her fcw the bitterest distresses 1 God pity : and forgive dm. My own burden, too, might ; a stronger back, had not she pare aoiayal and loving." He dwells with fond'allljrikmen stories of her childhood, and tbaecdohut of her anoeatry, parentage, and : idttimnliiiis She was said to. hare de female lineirom?ohn. Knox, ond there ireeaW- f* vague and obsolete from 8ir WiUihth tiring onoe quissed h*r *• 'jlMr half-laughing timndison 'trlking ' From Wallace aad from Knox,' said he, with a wave of the hands; ' there's a Scottish pedigree for yon!' The good Irving, so guileless, loytfl always, and so hoping and so generous." Of her ancestors we are told, on the authority of her grandfather, "Several blackguards among them, but not one block head that I heard of." Carlyle and his wife, when they were mar ried, went to live at Craigenputtoch, a farm belonging to his wife's mother, and he lingers affectionately over those days of young married life, but also days of solitude and isolation. " Oh those pleasant gig-drives in fine leafy twilight, or deep in the night sometimes, ourselves two alone in the world, the good 'Larry' [their horse] faring us (rather too light for the job, but always soft and willing), how they rise on me now, benignantly luminous from the bosom of the grim dead night! Night! what would I give for one, the very worst of them, at this moment!" His wife's good manage ment in domestic matters and in more exact ing affairs he warmly and frequently praises. Her most zealous endeavour was to save him from troubles and jars, and in these efforts she displayed " the genius of a field-marshal." " Perfection of housekeeping was her clear and speedy attainment in that new scene. Strange how she made the desert blossom for herself and me there; what a fairy palace she had made of that wild moorland home of the poor man! In my life I have seen no human intelligence that so genuinely pervaded every fibre of the human existence it belonged to. From the baking of a loaf, or the darning of a stocking, up to comporting herself in the highest scenes or most intricate emergen cies, all was insight, veracity, graceful , success (if you would judge it), fidelity to in sight of the fact given." They were not un happy at Craigenputtoch; "perhaps these were our happiest days. Useful, continual labour, | essentially successful; that makes even the moor green." It was here that Sartor Re 8artus was written, and it cost nine months ! in writing. When it was ready he determined to make for London to find a publisher. "Thebeggarly history of poor Sartor among i the blockheadiBms is not worth recording, or remembering—least of all, here! In short, finding that whereas I had got £100 (if i memory serve me) for Schiller six or seven j years before, and for Sartor, at least thrice as I good, I could not only not 'get £200,' but j even get no ' Murray' or the like to publish i it on half profits," he determined to wrap j up his MS., wait till the Reform Bill i uproar abated, and "give our brave little Jeannie a sight of this big Babel." Sartor was, it will be remembered, first published in instalments in Fraeer'e Magazine, His wife was very hearty for London, and they went, taking all their furniture with them. It had been her father's, "whose character of solidly noble is visibly written on it." " Repeatedly have upholsterers aBked ' Who made these chairs, ma'am?' Incockneydom,nobody inour day." When in London Carlyle and his wife went" to some dim ironmonger's shop, to buy kettleB and pans on the thriftiest of fair terms. How noble and more than coyaMs j the look of that to me now, and of my royal one then. California is dross and dirt to the« experiences I have had." / The next three years were spent on the French Revolution. The author and his wife were not at all unhappy dozing these years, "at least she was not; her health, perhaps, being better than mine, which latter was in a strangely painful, and as if conflagrated condition towards the end. She had made the houBe *a little Eden round her* (so neat and graceful in its simplicity and thrifty poverty)." We have a pathetic account of the well-known destruction of the MS. of the first volume of this work by accident at the house of John Stuart Mill, to whom the author had lent it " How well do I still remember that night when he came to tell us, pale as Hector's ghost, that my un fortunate first volume was burnt It was like half sentence of death to us both, and we bad to pretend to take it lightly, so dismal and ghastly was his horror at it and try to talk of other matters. He stayed three mortal hours or so; his departure quite a relief to us. Oh, the burst of sympathy my poor darling then gave me; flinging her arms round my neck, and openly lamenting, condoling, and encouraging like a nobler second self! Under heaven is nothing beautifuller. We sat talk ing till late; 'Shall be written again'my fixed word and resolution to her, which proved to :be such a task as I never tried before or since." He had a conviction that" the book -was worth something," and when it was finished he said to her before going out for his afternoon walk, " What they will do with thiB book, none knows, my Jeannie, lass; but they have not had, for a two hundred years, any book that came more truly from a man's very heart, and so let them trample it under foot and hoof as they see beat.' * Pooh, pooh! they cannot trample that I' she would { cheerily answer." The pecuniary return from this book was miserably small, "Emerson, in America, by an edition of his there, sent me £160," and " after some three years grate-1 fol England £100." It is worth remarking, ' for the benefit of young aspirants to aufhqr,' ship who (may be Attracted by.ita supposed ; pecuniary rewards, that in these years, whin < the beat works of man-vriib even then waa regarded by rasaype the gtepteit literary genius of his daar '4m written, his inoome^ from them, indumng, review articles and lec- j tares, was not more then £200 per annum. Larger returns cSmt afterwards, but not till the greater part of his work was dofce^ and his life was almost .sprat Lectaring; he gpephp/of ee Deiestpble mixture of prophecy and play-aStoriam/va f eorrotr fully defined it; nothing couMweUbebato fuller tome; but ! was obliged." i ' ! Oradiullythe&meof; thr^wasgrbii and the bereaved philosopher mentftmswif soma ttraplteeneh that " wa 'ww wmnj'wiraoffliafiL.. «wr. VK.VMU i. mile, 'mil*; in society.' Ambition that way my Jane never had; but she took it always as a seme thing of honour done to me, and had her various bits of satisfaction in it." He refers with self-criticism to " what of snob ambition there might be in me, which I hope was not very much, though for certain it was not quite wanting either." He goeB en—" Certain of the Aristocracy, however, did seem to me still very noble ; and, with due limitation of the grossly worthless (none of whom had we to do with), I should note at present that, of classes known to me in England, the Aristocracy (with its perfection of human politeness, its continual grace of bearing and of acting, steadfast ' honour,' light addreBB, and cheery Btoicism), if you Bee well into it, is actually yet the best of English classes." They inherited Craigen puttoch from Mrs. Carlyle's mother in 1815, and, as it was worth £200 a year, they were henceforth easier in circumstances, "and the pinch of poverty, which had been relaxing latterly, changed itself into a gentle pressure, or into a limit, and little more. We did not change our habits in any point, but the grim collar round my neck was BenBibly Blackened." Carlyle speaks with quaint sardonic humour of the reception met with by some of his books. Latter-day Pamphlets " unpleasantly astonished everybody, set the world upon the strangest suppositions (' Carlyle got deep into whisky,' said some) . . ■ but were a great relief to my own conscience as a faithful citizen, and have been ever since." " Forster soon fell away, I could perceive, into terror and sur prise, aB indeed everybody did. ' A lost man!' thought everybody. Not she at any moment." The Life of Stirling, which followed, was considerably disapproved of, too, " and utterly revolting to the religious people in particular. 1 Doesn't believe in us, then, either.'" His great increase of popularity and pecuniary prosperity dated from the address he delivered as Rector of the Edin burgh University. But " no idea, or shadow of an idea, iB in that address, but what had been Bet forth by me tens of times before, bnd the poor, gaping sea of Prurient Blockheadism receives it aB a kind of inspired revelation, and runs to buy my books (it is said) now, when I have got quite done with their buying or refusing to buy. If they would give me £10,000 a year, and pray unanimously their hosannahs heaven-high for the rest of my life, who now would there be to get the smallest joy or profit from it?" And in another place, in the same strain" Oh, my dear one, sail is my soul for the loss of thee, and willto the end be, as I compute! Lonelier creature there is not henceforth in this world; neither person, work, or thing going on in it that is of any value, in comparison, or even at alL Death I feel almost daily in express fact, death is the one haven; I have occasionally a kind of kingship, sorrowful, but sublime, almost God-like, in the feeling that that is nigh. Sometimes the image of her, gone in her car of victory (in that beau tif ul death), and as if nodding to me with a smile, ' I-am gone, loved one; work a little longer, if thou still careBt; if-not, follow. There is no baseness and no misery here. Courage, courage to the last!' That, some times, as in, this moment, is inexpressibly beautiful to me, and comes nearer to bring. ing>tears than it once did." We have only space for a few more extracts from this deeply-pathetic utterance of a sorrow-oppressed human soul. Touching on their *'Aristocratic history," he says, "One evening, at Bath-house, I saw her in a grand soiree, softly slip up, and (unnoticed as she thought by anybody), kiss the old Duke of Wellington's shoulder! That, perhaps, was one of the prettiest things I ever saw there. Duke was then very old, and hitohe4 languidly about, speaking only when spoken to, some 'wow-wow,' which, perhaps, had little -meaning in it" He has preserved, and sees before him as he writes, his wife's first chair, used by her in her ehildhood, "its wee wee arms, &c.;" "I have looked at it hundreds of times, from pf old,-with many thoughts.' No daughter or son of hers was to Bit there, so it had been appointed us, my darling. I have no book a thousandth part so beautiful as thou; but these were our only 'children'—and, in a true sense, these were verily ours, and will perhapB live some time in the world, after we are both goney—and be of no damage to the poor brute chaos of a world, let us hope! The Will of. the Supreme shall be accom plished. Amen." The later pages are full with burning expressions of gratitude to his lost one and regrets that he had not shown it more when she still lived. He repeatedly comforts himBelf with the thought that the long- phwmed brougham was bought for her a few weeks before her death. " Blind and deaf that we axe; oh, think, if thon yet love any body living, wait not till death sweep down the paltry little dostclouda and idle dihamum^ of the moment, and all be at last so mourn fully clear and beautiful, when it is too lata." The account of the journey to Edinburgh,' leaving in London his wife, who was too weak to travel, the inaugural address, and its cordiH recSption and triumphant success, ere pathetically told, together with the circum stances 4>f his wife's death in his absence, a fewdays later. He has, by this time, fillhd the paper of her notebook, and a task which hag been a eolace.tohlmis ended. "And nop-, am I to leave it} to take farewell of her a aeooad time ? Bight silent and serene is she, my lost darling yonder, as I often thiifc fir tay gbom, no sortow more for her, nor will there long befor me." 