MELBOURNE. I FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS 1 31st July. The Waterloo Cup meeting was concluded on Saturday. Lady Maryborough won the Cup, Bashful Maid being "the runner up. Rapidity won the purse, Wandering Jew being the runner up. Florimel won the plate, with Chesterfield as runner up. The young folks mustered in considerable number to see Professor Pepper's entertainment last Saturday afternoon. Unfortunately the bright daylight outside the theatre would force its way now and again through some of the ventilator, and so to a very great extent marred the effect of the dissolving views, many of which were in consequence very indistinct. However, the young folks seemed well satisfied, and loudly cheered the beautiful views of cloudland as seen from a balloon, and the-craggy passes of the diorama of Afghanistan. The dancing skeleton and the crawling demons, although shown to some disadvantage, yet elicited hearty approval. In the evening the professor gave the concluding lecture of the present series, the subject being the electric light. There was a very fair audience, including several gentlemen professionally connected with the science of electricity, and by all present the speaker was followed with closest attention whilst he briefly traced the slow course of electrical discovery. He began by a demonstration of the manner in which the existence of electricity was first discovered by the ancients, who found that a piece of amber when briskly rubbed possessed the property of attracting certain other objects, a piece of vulcanite being on this occasion used in place of the amber, and its attractive powers being displayed by means of a feather nicely balanced on a point. Some of the leading properties of electricity were then explained, and some of the terms in ordinary use among electricians, such as positive and negative electricity, and induction, were made clear to the understanding of the unprofessional hearer. Somewhat, perhaps, by way of digression from the main course of the lecture, Professor Pepper briefly discussed the question whether the ancients had any knowledge of electricity, a point upon which he took the affirmative view, believing that the second king of Rome, Numa Pompilius, derived some of the secrets of the science from the priests of Jupiter, and that the death of his successor, Tullis Hostilius, was occasioned by an accident through a blundering attempt to perform electric feats similar to those by which MR predecessor had astonished the natives of those days. The light by incandescence was a very pretty experi- ment, the electric fluid being passed through a short length of platinum wire, causing it to glow with heat, and to present in the darkened room the appearance of a streak of ruddy light. Several descriptions of electric lamps depending upon the contact of two carbon points were shown, including a clever invention of Mr. Browning's, by which the carbon is kept in proper position by means of clockwork. This gave a very clear steady light which illuminated the whole theatre, but it was too brilliant to be very pleasant, and it was subsequently tempered in a very beautiful manner by suspending around it a number of prisms. The professor spoke of the electric light as undoubtedly the light of the future, but thought those interested in gas need have no fear, as there was yet much to be done before it could be made available for common use, and, even when all was accomplished, it would take a long time to accustom people to the innovation. After a short intermission, the professor displayed a number of views of London by means of the oxy-hydrogen lantern. These included photographic scenes from many of the best known parts of London, including both exterior and interior views of St. Paul's Cathedral and West minster Abbey. Many of these were received with a warmth which showed that the spectators at once recognised some old familiar spot. The professor will lecture at the Grammar School on Tuesday night, and will leave for Toowoomba on Wednesday, intending to give a short series of lectures at the principal towns on the Darling Downs. He is expected to return to this city in about a fortnight, prior to his departure for the North. During his second course in Brisbane he will, by desire, give several astronomical lectures, and there is reason to hope that he may be able to produce the famous Pepper's ghost" before finally leaving us. If the instruments of fifty Austrian bands had been suddenly stricken with Babelism, so that each one played a separate tune and the French horn talked back to the double bass while the fire screamed " you're another," they could not have made more inharmonious and ear piercing sounds than those which proceeded from the vicinity of the Town Hall about half-past 4 on Saturday afternoon last Professor Anderson had just liberated about 1500 little fellows with as many tin whistles, and each boy was having his first rehearsal in public. We saw one comely matron beaming ineffably upon her five sturdy boys as they proudly escorted her down stairs, and reflected that this sort of thing would soon drive her into a lunatic asylum.. Citizens of a nervous temperament, as they passed down the street, supported each hemisphere of the skull with a hand that it might not be rent asunder. The little girls at the matinee performance had not been overlooked by Miss Anderson, for that lady had thoughtfully provided each one with some Small suitable present. There was a very large attendance, and the neatness and dexterity with which the Professor executed his numerous tricks elicited the noisiest approbation of the youngsters. In the evening the attendance was, if possible, even larger. Professor Anderson's mesmerism was a great success, and when he Placed under its influence a well-known citizen, who, in obedience to a touch from the , enchanted stick, first smiled contentedly, with the air of a man who was not to be taken in, turn grinned outrageously, and finally laughed consumed, the house went into convulsions, as it did also when the same gentleman made to a week urchin a series of bows that would certainly have put any Toowoomba Grammar School boy hopelessly out of the running for the prize. The entertainment concluded with the usual distri outing of gifts, which seemed to give complete satisfaction. The Professor appears again this evening, and a good performance is announced "weal as the ""unit distribution of gifts. REPORT of the state of the Benevolent Asylum, iJunvíich, for the week ending 23rd July In a house at last report, 244 males 42 females ; o cs omitted, 7 males, 2 females ; discharged, fcrrO 1 female ! remaining, 049 males, 43 led . ^e 6ur'erint«ndent Legs to acknow of With thanks, the receipt of five volumes in Hazard priDE for the use of the class, from the ss. Thos. Leitch, Brisbane. 