THE Hamkeslmri} Ctjrimirlf. AND FARMERS' ADVOCATE. SATURDAY, JUNE 25, 1881. THIS is a reading age ; of this we have ample proof everywhere, and everyday. We have not only the productions of the past, but the present age is teeming with pabu- lum for the hungry, insatiable mind. "Whether the supply is equal to the demand | we are not aware ; it appears to us, how- l ever, that the race is a very keen one ; and probably the caterers, so to speak, for the public want in the belles lettres are quite up to the mark, as regards quantity if not quality. To the discerning and critical | mind, the immense mass of printed matter that finds its "way into our libraries and booksellers' shelves, fresh from the brains of anxious and aspiring writers, on all topics, there must necessarily be some diffi- culty as to choice : one cannot read all, that is evident. It behoves, therefore, the seeker after truth to take some paius in se- lecting what he shall st. .re away for future use. Newspapers may be classed as public educators ; but then, much depends upon the character and aims of the paper- there is so great a diversity that it would not do to draw any hard and fast line. Generally speaking, then, newspapers should be viewed more as vehicles of news, and other useful information, than as an educating medium ; it will, therefore, be better to fall back upon magazines, reviews, and other serial litera- ture to supply the want, although amongst many of those may be found mere pleasure or pastime-and probably no great harm can accrue from this fact, as a little light litera- ture undoubtedly acts as a safety-valve to the student whose forte is the " deepest of the deep." There are, no doubt, great ex- cesses in reading, not only in the so-called "light" literature of the day, but also in much of the heavy reading. There are " one idead " men who will mount their particular hobbies and ride them threadbare. Such, persons will spend their whole lifetime in reading Theology or Science, and be very clever and very learned in one or two things, but in all else be nothing but dunces. Yet this kind of reader may, after "his conrse , has run out," prove to have done good ser- | vice in his particular line ; for having con- fined himself to one subject, he has mastered it thoroughly, and consequently, well able to give others who have been mere skirmishers in the field of letters the great benefit of his long years of close study. His fame will be posthumous. Such an one can never, in life, be so useful a member of society as he who, bee-like, saps at every flower and stores up honey for his own time as well as for posterity. " A little learning is a dan- gerous thing " has become a sort of nursery rhynie with some people ; a sort of conser- vative Bogie used to frighten aspiring clods from ever attempting to mount the ladder that may lead them onward and upward. It is pleasing, however, to know that there are minds so broad and liberal that they cannot accept this old tory axiom in its entirety, and say, very pertinently, that a little learning, probably, is dangerous because of its very littleness-but that no learning at all is much more so. I We take it that a man to be useful in the few short years that are allotted him here, , must necessarily know a great deal-not of one particular subject, but of many ; and life is too short to dwell upon tine thing too long. We have only to instance Buckle and some others, who have staked their all upon one specialty, and may, therefore, be looked upon as martyrs who have sacrificed their hives for the good of futurity. Very grand, no doubt, and we admire Buckle too much to sneer at his sacrifice, or to any way try to detract from him or others who have so de- voted themselves. What we aim at is to shew that those persons who have not the means or leisure to devote continually to one specific study may read all they can, and so have a fair knowledge of things in general, without being eternally snubbed by pedants with being dangerous because they have only a lillie /earning. Men and women who have to win their bread in other ways than by either read- ing or writing, cannot possibly devote the time necessary to master languages, history, science, or theology; they may, neverthe- less, in their spare moments from the cares and troubles of providing bread and a shelter for their offspring, glean by a wide selection of reading much that is good-and even pick out the gems of the greatest authors to be availed of in. their own life, or for the benefit of their children. It is not difficult to see why that old saw has so long been see-sawing away, nor is it' difficult to see that in spite of it the masses keep on reading- omniverously, perhaps-; and are daily becoming more dangerous to those old time-honoured institutions of tory ism that our ablest literateurs and poets have written and sung against. To such a mono- poly of learning-as well as of wealth, and all other good things of this earth-a little learning is decidedly dangerous; though, when there is no monopoly, but each one holding what he has simply by the fact of his being superior to other men by the eheer force of character and intellect-then is there no danger in a little learning, because it will enable the possessor of this small modi- cum to see matters in their true light : that those who have power deserve it ; and that the " fittest" survive while the drones must of necessity perish. Therefore there should be no unnecessary alarm about the dissemination of a " little learning " amongst all mankind ; a« those who are so fortunate as to have that little may. in the main, be depended upon as good citizens and respecters of the law. The con- trary can be only when the masses are steeped in ignorance ; and can only see in those whe are placed in authority, or the leisured class, their natural enemies-tyrants who are ever ready to grind them down still lower, and whom, they in return, conceive it a patriotic act to slay at the first opportunity. This state of things can only exist where there is no reason ; and Reason can never live in minds that have never seen the light of knowledge. Such people may obey the law from fear, but never from reason or love. Which, then, is the better-a little learning or none at all ? That our towns and popu- lation centres shall have public libraries, or that our rustics shall leave their fields, or our mechanics their shops, and sit by their firesides spinning out the thread of a ghost story, or worse still, playing cards or domi- noes in a foul-smelling taprooin? Such things were in days gone by-and well within the memory of those who are not yet old ; and which we earnestly trust may never come again. To men so placed it was but a single step to crime-they had so little to lo&e;, and they scarcely knew better. Having thus far committed ourselves we may come nearer home-right home, in fact, aud express our great pleasure at the fact that both Bor >ughs possess a small library, at which we are glad to know that many of our young .men spend their evenings profit- ably. If it might not be considered pre- sumption on our part, we might add that, much as we advocate extensive reading, we should be sorry to say that those who do not read so extensively must necessarily be dulL Not so ; there are those whom we know to possess good parts, and wh > are gifted with excellent reasoning powers, whose reading has not been extensive. These persons are slow and deliberative; they thiu.v as well at read, which is the correct way ; and it is just probable that were some ot our legislative and municipal Fatherstotli.uk ¡ utile before they spoke, instead of spea .in.r b if ore- thiuk I ing, much valuable time would be saved wind also. S. me of our greatest men have been but poor orators, as also some of them have been but small readers. The great CARLYLE, who has but just left us, was not a great reader, and many others of equal note were the same. DICKENS, on the other hand, was great in all these-reading, wri- ting, and speaking; and the great statesman just gone o'er to the "Plutonian shore" BEACONSFIELD, and his living rival, GLAD- STONE-may be classed in the same cate- gory. Thus it may be s,e«'u, all things con- sidered, that of the two, no learning at all, or just enough to open one's eyes and a de- sire to know more-the latter (evil though it may be considered by a few) is far prefer- able in the interests of good citizenship, of order, of morality, and of manhood. 