Literary Notices. Songs fboii the Mountains. By Heubt Ken dalT;. Sydney: William -Haddock^ George street. Londoru Sampson, Low_, and Co. (1SS0.) ' ' We hear a great deal aljout' protection to native industry/' but never a iword about protection, or rather encouragement, to native talent I and onr greatest lyric singer — our©ne really Australian noet, whose ssnjr Kn«a.f-lrs at th.« soil sucbu-as.no other Australian singer's has ever yefc done — like the proverbial prophet, meets with much less honour in his own country, compared to -what he is 'cre dited with in tbe xaother' country «f us ait, whose higher cultivation of taste and sentiment enables her to more fully appreciate and do greater -justice to the genius of her children, under whatever, sky they may be barn-^-&nd; flenrieh, or otherwise ! In Mr. Kendall's present vohme tkere are thirty-five pieces in all, one of which is bis well known prize poem on the ** Sydney Interna tioaal 'Exhibition,' -whicb*has deservedly elicited high enypmiujn from some of the'Englisi.literatii; also, cne 'on the Melbourne ' International;' bis beautiful ' In'Siemoriam' for the late Samuel Bennett, one also oa the late John Fairfax; and likewise hie masterpiece, of late years, 'Beyond ^erguelen,' with half a dozen others of excep tional : sweetness ; and seven or eight of a hu morous -or bushman -type,, racv in style and vigorous in' treatineHt— -and fufjy proving that tke author has power of satire as well as senti ment.. The opening vein is ' Dedication to a Moun tain;' and if the mountainsure Earth's altarsteps, which lead men nearer np t» God in soul, he also is on« whom they lead up to worship. From each page That helps to mate thy awful Volume, I Hive learned a noble lesson. Ik the ptalm Of tliy graVe winds, and ia the liturgy Of sinking waters, ip ! my soul has heard TJie liigli^r worship j u^dfram tfcee indeed Tho broad foundations of a finer hope Were sitaered in ; and thou hast lifted tld The Mind horizon fax a larger faith ! ' KmgsbQEongh.' is tie hca-j, ideal of a racing rhyme — its one fault being, that it is too good for such a theme as the turf or its scoundrelly as sociations. ' Beyond Kerguelen' is in the author's most characteristic style, and is of a very higk order of writing, -with lines in it, here and there, of weird wildness, that probably no living writer has excelled.; Wild ip the cry of the sea, ia the cavos by it Sea that ie hffiitteu by spears oi tiie snow. Desolate songs are the Sftiigs eJi tb« waves by it Down inllteSGiitli where the thips nerer go. Storm from the Pole is the' singer that sing's to it Hymns of the load at the planet's srrey verse. Thunder discloses dark wonderful things to it — Thunder, and rain, and the doivrous surge. Hills, with ao liope «f a wiug cr a lent on them. Scarred with the chronicles written fey flame, Stare, through the jrleom ot' inserutaUe grief on them, Down on the horns of the g-nlfs without name. Cliffs, with the recordp of fierce flying fires on them— Loom »ver perilous pits ef eclipse c Alps, with anathema stamped in the spires on then — Out by the ware with a curse on its lip.. Back in the dawn of Uiisbeantllut sphere, on it — Lund of the dolorous; desolate face — Beamed the blue sky; and the bountiful year on it fostered the leaf and the blossom of grace, Gi-aud were the lights of its midsummer ueon/on it — Mornings of majesty-^hone on. ite seas : Glitter of star and tke glory of niooa o-j it Pell, in the parch of the musical breeze. Valleys end hills, with the whisper of wing in them, X)ells of the daffodil — spaces im pearled, Flowered and flushed with the splendour ot Spring in them — Bs.cs: in tke morn o£ this wonderful world. ' Hy-Brasil' has an exceptionally fiae line in it, picturing at once, by contrast, the desolate sorrow of mortality, and the changeless splendour of tke immortals — Only «snce since Eve went uccping ? through a throng of glittering Mings, ' Mooni' echoes that sad thought which comes to most of us in midlife, ' the might have been I' It is a sigh for the lost splendour of the morning of life, when dewy freshness daivns on us, but to pass— (for ever p) Ah, to be by Mooni now I Where the greailuarfc hills of wonder. Scarred with storm and cleir. asunder i-y the stronp sword of the thnnder, Xjake a nigkt on morniag's brow I Just to Etaud where NutuiVsfaceis Flushed with power in -forest places — Whare of God authentic trace is — Ah, to he by Mocmi now 1 Just to be Vy Mooni's springs 1 Thfii-e to staud. t-ke aiiiiinsf iliarer Of tlis.t lamer life, aud rarer Beauty caught from beauty fairer Than the hucaun face of things! — Psalsas from unseen wildernesses : DcepamonsTEt far hill-recesses — He tkas is ay JMooni now. ' Pytbsas' — tite Tvonder of the earlier days of time — ' the grey old sailor of Ifassilan — whose keel, in far dim ages, ploughed wan widths of polar sea' — Yea, against the wild weird Thule, steered the stranger through the gates Opened by a fire eternal into tompest-trampled straits — Thule ijinff like a nightmare on the borders oE the Pole: Neither land nor air mt water, but a mixtara of the whole! . Dumb dead chaos, grey as jspectro, now a siist and now a clviid, Where the winds ery out far ever and the wave ie always lond. Here the lord of acany waters, in the great exalted years, Savr the sight that no man knows of — heard the sound that no mau hears 1 Felt that God was in tho Shadow ere he turned his prow and sped To the sweet green fields of -£n{fland with the sunshine overhead. ^The Voice in the 'Wild Oak' sounds like the ?risible echo of the nioan of some imprisoned i3rjad — Tea, like the speech of one aghast At Immartality in chains, What tiBie the lordly sterm rides past With names and arrowy rains 1 Some wan Tithoims of the wood Whit* with immeasurable year© — An awful ghost in solitude With moaning Eio«rs u.nd meres ! c In Memory of John Fairfax' has a Tenny sonian ring with ifc, aad speaks of ' the hope that never dies' — Think not that souls, rrb ose deeds aosrsst Pat sin to shame and make men jasc. Become at last the helpless dust That wintering win«t£ through, wasteludf sweep! The higher life within us cries, Like some fine spirit from the ekies, ?' The Fathar's blessing on us lies^ — * He giveth His beloved, sleep.' ' ' Qnira' sings tke refrain of the old, old song of « The love of the moth for tke star' — the yearning of the mortal for the immortal, of the finite for the infinite— Bat, far and faint, a grey-\rinpedf orm Hangs where the wild lights wa»es TccphantoBt ota bygone .storm— A fehost ot 'wind and rain. ; Ine eof t white feet of Afternoon Are on the shining meads : t'iie breeze is as a pleasaut tune Amongst the happy reeds. Tea, in nay dream of fall nni brook By far sweet forests furled, I see that light for which I look Is. vain through, all the world. Tbe glory of a larger sky On«lopes of hills sublime That speak with God and Horning, high Above the trays of Time! ' On a Spanish Oathedral' is suggested by Mr. Bailey's splendid oration. The orator aad the peet here help oach other — or rather both poets, for Mr. Dalley ie one of ho mean order — and in these latter days of doubt, -which is prayer for more light, and prayer, which is doubt for want of light, these lines will 'come home' to many a. weary yet seeking soul: Thematic, the colour, the gleam, ot thair mighty Ca.the dralwilltte Hereafter a luminous dream of tke Heaven I never may see. To a spirit that suffers and seeks lor the calm of a compe tent creed, This Temple whose majesty speaks becomes & religion in deed. The passionate lights, the intense— the imeffable beauty of sound Go straight to the heart through the sense, u agoag would of eeraphim crowned., Ani lo ! Ly these altars august, the life that is highest we live, And are fillefl- witTi the Infinite trust and tbe peace that the world cannot pive. ' fly the Cliffs «f the Sea' is a memorial «ong for b*3 true friend, the Jate Msr &» Benaett/ mstincti*witlr ^te»sadness.(B£the subject, Aut also ?.s.9plemnlytswset^md th&whole; poem*is -worthy both -of the living and of 'th* dead; for 'He who has .gone before us' had also the gift of song in a high degree, and much .more so than many -who Loudly lay claim to it- with infinitely lessirigbtc To the kigh— the heroio intent Of a lif e-that was never at-rest. He keldj.witk&coarage; unspent, I Thzcmgk the wergtdfdiis 2ays and the best, lnir back in the years that axe dead He knew -of the bitteraess cold That saddens with silyer the bead, Aad makes a mamj^nddenlr old, Tke dignity graciagliie grief Was ever a lesson to ae — He lies uaderiilessoui and leaf la a grave hj the cliffs of the sea. Above Mnvthe .watering face Of- thejaoottisaloTeliaessnow; . And. anthems encompass tbe place From lutes of the lirjainons bough. Tke-forelands are fiery with foam ^Ttisre often aad otten he roved : Be sleeps m tbe sight of the korue - That he built by the waters he loved. The wave is his fellow atnig-ht; And tie .sun shisiss over the lea., Sheds out an nespealiable licrkt Qnthis grave by the elifis of tke sea. 'Nameg apon a Stone' Trill recall to many the sweet wise-follies ? of young leve's halcyon days£ There was a rock-pool in a srlen. Beyond Narrara's sands j The mountains shut it in from men Ib flowerf ul fairy lands : ? But once.we found its dwelling place— The Jovelj and the lone ; And, ill £ream, I stooped t» trace Our names- upon a. stone. Above us, .where the starlike moss Shone on the wet greea wall Shat spanned the straitened stream across, We saw the waterfall. A silver singer far away By folded hills and hoar, Its voice is in the waods to-day— A voice I hear no more. An Australian singer naturally finds a theme in lost ' Leichhardt' — Heard the hymns of night and morning, learned the psalm of solitudes : Knew that God was very near him — f eri Eis Presence in the woods! On the tracts of thirst and furnace — on the duuib, blind burning plain Wliei-p. the red earth gapes for moisture and the wtn leaves hiss for rain, In a laud of dry fieree thunder, did be ever pause and dream Of the cool green German valley and the singing German streaa? Of the remaining poems, ' Persia,' ' Bob,' and 'Araluen,' the latter especially, will be favourites -with all mothers -who are mothers in feeling as v,Tell as in fact; whilst among the humorous ones, ' Peter' decidedly takes the palm, and from its racy characteristic style (of black civilisation — A-Hstraiiensis ?) — *rill probably win the author more kudos in Englaad than many of his higher flights; whilst of the remaining eighteen,' Christmas .Greek,' 'Lilith,' 'Mary Eivers,' asd .' Ma^ara Cr-eek,' are all of high order, whilst the volume, as a whole, gives full proof that New South Wales ewns at least one true singer, to fitly interpret the -whispers of the woods and waterfalls and grassy solitudes of this most ancient land of the living- world. One of the surest tests of a high state of civil isation in a people is the respect paid to its poets and thinkers, for ' man lives not by bread alone,' and the mission of genius is to halp satisfy that yearning for the ' higher life' which our inner spirit restlessly craves for, and which no mere worldly success or bodily gratification can ever fully satisfy ; and -were ice 6ufS.oie-o.tly civilised, we skould see our University, Bcyal Society, and other cognate institutions, feeling honoured in inviting our greatest poet to accept any honorary distinction i& their power to offer, whilst the Government, itself, would insist on his accepttLc.ee of such an honorariujn as would insure bis freedom fr- m the more sordid cares of existence, and give him that leisured calm of ' plain, living and high thinking' which is the fit muse of all genius — ex- cept perhaps that of the very highest — of the Dantes, Miltous, Shakeperes, and Shelleys of the -world, whose supreme success is the strong outcoise of suffering, or intense effort, for Jlen are cradled into poetry by wroujr .Andleai-E. in suffering what they teach in song ; and until New South Wales arrives at this point of civilisation, when she fitly honours her best poets, painters, and thinker^ she must rest under the imputation of still Iseing Bceolian enough to love be«f and bullocks, with a love transcending that for those nobler aims and encis of life, the fuller appreciation for the high priest of which made Athens and Borne tho centres «-f the world of thought for all time, and without which no nation is ever truly great nor any individual has a soul fit to be saved. A. 