__J3!lJM??i_™ Winter Butter Making. If the first requisite for good butter is the cow, the second is the dairy room or house, for it is useless to procure good milk if it is spoiled in the keeping. A dairy room should have even temperature and in the winter may be kept at 45 to 50 deg rees. One that is partly under-ground and has an apartment over it for churning and washing pans &c;, is preferable, as it will need no artificial heating by a stove. I prefer one with brick walls, whitewashed with lime, plastered overhead, and with a cement or flagstone floor ; that has the windows above ground and facing the Sojth and West ; the windows covered with fine wire gauze outside, and hinged at the top, so that they may be opened by raising and hooking up tbesash. The window being close to the ceiling, venti lates the room completely. My own aim in a dairy dairy house is a building hav ing a brick basement in a hillside, with ice-house in the rear, having a chute on the bank through which to put in ice ; and the milk room in the front, with porch for airing cans and pails. Over tbe milk room shall be the churning and washing room, provided with a water heater, and with au elevator for passing cream and butter up and down, and stairs leading below ; also a sink with taps from a tank above. Over the milk room shall be a tank supplied from a well by a windmill overtopping the whole. From the tank, water may &ow; through a pipe into the rooms below, for use in washing pans or supplying water in case the sub merged-can system of setting the milk might be used at any time. A sink and drain may also be carried from the milk room. The tank will be high enough to supply the house and the barn with water through pipes. The cost of the whole I estimate to be about 600 dollars for a dairy; of fifty cows, and no one can doubt that it will 03 a profitable investment for the maker of extra butter. The Churning. When I enter this part of my subject I touch a broad field over which lie, in per speetive, the ghosts of a score or more of discarded and departed churns. The misery of a butter maker is the endless variety of churns. There are many good churns, beginning with the old-fashoned up-and-dowu one, which recalls my boyhood when I waited for my cup of fresh buttermilk, aud often waited tbree hours, for in those days the whole milk was churned. Now I get my buttermilk in eight minutes, or less, by the old kitchen clock, which never varies from year's end to year's end. Bnt it is not from an up-and-down churn ,whicb, although it makes good butter, is a man and woman killer ; it is now from a 'rectangular' churn, and it is right angled without any doubt, for the butter not only comes quickly, but in such an excellent shape, being b«aten about by these proper angles, so as to greatly facilitate the washing and preparing of the butter. To particularize, let me recall the churn ing of the 7th of January, 1880, because this was an eventful one, and settled in ray mind some questions which were pre viously doubtful to me. My crossbred three year old Jersey and Ayrshire cow, Maidn, had been fresh two weeks, and this was the first churning of six day a milk. The cream—twelve quarts exactly — was turned into tbe rectangular churn aforesaid, aud the churn and cream were both at a temperature of 65 decrees. After churning for eight minutes precisely, making seventy revolutions of the churn per minute, 1 was surprised to hear the 'slapdash' of the buttermilk, and was morethansurprisedonopeningthechurnto see so magnificent & sample of butter. 1 he mass of golden butter was in small grains from the size of sago grains up to that of a buck shot, lying in an irregular mass piled up in the churn, with a small quantity of buttermilk at the bottom. The butter weighed ten and a half pouuds. The result, ten and a half pounds of butter from twelve quarts of thick cream, churned in eight minutes, at a tempera ture of sixty live degrees, settled some' points about which questions are fre quently asked. This churuiug out of the way the cream of two Ayrshire cows, three year old, that have been milking ten months and aro thre9 m calf— fourteen quarts, in all was put into the churn at a temporature of sixty degreos. This I churned three boure patiently witlwu,!} breaking the cream, and was advised to throw tho cream put as it was on6 of those mwsea which would never churn.' Let us try some warm water. A quart of water from the kettle was thrown in, the chum rota* ted and in one minute the butter came; the temperature in the churn then waa sixty four degrees. This also goes aoraa way to settle another difficult; in winto? dairying, which canted a great deal of trouble. . . . ?..'.'.' If butter comes at aUty-four or sixty* five degrees in a short time, and fails to come at all at sixty degrees.' 'this' is A valuable fact to know. Another chum* ing of Maida's cream of sixteen quarts, from seven days' milk, produces fourteen pounds of butter in twelve minutes at a temperature of sixty-five degrees, with several stoppages to watch the progress, so that eight pounds of nearly pureonsaia will make seven pounds of butter. - i: Chtjbks. ?: The Tartars are said to do their chnm* ing by putting their milk in a sbeapslria bottle which they tie to the trundle and take a brisk gallop for an hour or two; on returning the butter is m«d«. This is the original horse-power churn. Bat its principle is clearlv the same aa .that of our best modern churns, viz., agitation of the milk in a vessel in which the contents are dashed from one side to another to break up the butter globules. This is the principle of all the dashless churns of, which so many of such various shape** were shown at the late Internationao Dairy Fair. The peculiar action of tries churns produces the batter in small glob* ules, as above mentioned, and in this shape the milk can be drawn off and tho cold water or brine introduced into tho churn and the batter thoroughly washed and made ready for immediate packing. Certainly ot the mony churns which I have used the 'Rectangular' pleases me the most, on account of its very easy motion, its shane. which is a hnllntr eiiha suspended diagonally upon two of its opposite corners, its freedom from iron gudgeons penetrating inside as is usual in dash churns, and which will blacken and foul the butter, and chiefly on account' of the ease and perfection with which, it can be cleansed its quick churning,' and the excellent shape in which the baiter comes. .- Colouring Butter. My customers are very exacting people. They object to light coloured butterrand, like tbe majority of consumers, they judge of butter by the eye as well as by tbe flavour. Recently the New Yorfc Farmer's Club ' resoluted ' that ther colouriug of butter was a fraud and a practice to be denounced. Do these far mers wear their cassimeres of the natural shoddy character or do they prefer them dyed 1 Did they object to the colouring of oleomargarine when they resblutea over that, and insist that fraud should bear its natural tallow colour ? The fact is, butter is coloured because those who buy it will have it coloured to suit their taste ; and while coloured butter will sell the best, so long will butter be coloured. One teaspoonful of good liquid butter colouring in twelve gallons of cream is needed, even with Jersey cows, in the winter, and for other cows twice that quantity will be required to give a colour somewhat lighter than that of a gold coin. * There is nothing about annatto that is objectionable, and all the talk about its filthy preparation is simply 'bosh' and falsehood. When colour is- used it is best to put it into the churn, and 1 do not find that it has any ill effect whatever even upon the buttermilk, which is a pleasant, wholesome article of food when the milk is all right.— Bural New Yorker, 