THE MYSTERY MAJOR MOLINEUX: By MARCUS GLARKE. ' . ' ? ? V 1. chapter iv. ? Ik another instant I was at the! head of the stairs, but paused in' my onward flight, for the sounds! issued from the room occupied by: Beatrice and her mother. ?';- ; Mrs. Rochford ^yas lying on the floor senseless. Ringing the bell furiously, I raised her to her bed, and, ?with the assistance of the old woman, whom the cries of the un liappy ladyj not less than my im portunate summons, had brought to '.he spot, I succeeded in restoring her to consciousness. Her first words were : , . ' is it gone r 'What?' I naked. ' The white face at thevrihdovr !' said Mrs. Rochford. '.' That im L ploring, maddened face !' ??;*' 'What can she mean?' I asked ™ Mary Pennithorne, but the old woman, moping and mowing, made no reply. ? ' See, madam,' I said, flinging wide the lattice, . ' the storm has passed, and with it the cause of your alarm. Some leafy branchlet carried by the wind, perhaps even some more 'wrathful gust 'than '[ usual, ha3, while rousing you from sleep, given form to- a passing dream. Look,, the sky ia almost cloudless.' And, in truth, the tempest had* ' during the time we had been occupying ourselves with the fright: ened woman, quite passed away. The scene was one of exquisite peaceiumessv;.riie clouds had almost withdrawn, and the wet trees sparkled in the beams of a glorious moon, which rode high in a serene heaven. All felt the . influence of the.scene. ^,Beatrice,/j(sunk in her stupor, alone was ignorant alike of sounds and sights ; but her mother composed herself^ with a smile at her former fears, and,: as I sought my , comfortable couch, I felt that science and sentiment alike bid me laugh at the ungrateful fancies which an atmosphere surcharged with elec tricity could breed in. a^ brain usually so .cool as mine. The excitement of the day caused me to sleep longer than my wont, and it was nearly eight o'clock when I awoke. I discovered by the hot water jug, with its carefully jf*uut*l* UIMYGA, liUAb VU.KJ iUUO vniOba^O of Bagally had already been exer cised in my chamber, and, before I had completed my toilette, the old servant introduced' himself with the compliments of his master, and in formation that breakfast would be ready for ua in half-an-hour. Captain Rochford Lhad , already arrived, and with h''i I visited the sick room. Beatrice was still in Bensible, but Mrs. Rochford' was up and dressed. Rochford laughed at her story of the ghost, and, gathering courage from my assur ance that the patient was progress ing favourably, we went down to breakfast in1 something like good spirits. Major Molineux received us with more than courtesy. He lamented the accident, but trusted that the skill of a Burgeon so well known as myself, and the careful attention of a mother so devoted as Mrs. Roch ford, would soon^restbre hiB fair guest to her wonted health. t ' I'm afraid,' he said, as he as aisted us to the dish before,' him, 'that my. poor house is but. a gloomy place for a convalescent, .andl trust,.that Miss Rpohford's co^t^Spscence may be early* ; Such ? ^lly^51 resources of the 'place, ho™B7er-~ic6nimaTid them. I re groythat . I was „ unable to . render you toy personal' assistance yester * ? ?, \ day, but I mus-|compensate for my enforced neglect by devoting ,my,T self to -all your services during the next few days.' ? C ; The language was of the politest, but there, was no mistaking .its tneaning. ? Rochford and I looked at each other. It was quite evident that Major Molineux did not desire that we should pass another Thurs day under his roof. ' .''''?? ; ' I trust that Miss Rochford may be able to travel to her own home before this day week,' said I, some what pointedly. 'In the mean-1 time, let me thank you for the courtesy with which we were re oeived, and especially for the hospi tality of last night.' \- The hand with which the Major was lifting the tea-cup to his lips trembled slightly, but he said, merely, 'It was a wild night — a night of storms. I trust you were not disturbed.' ' I was most terribly disturbed,' said Mrs. Rochford— I think I have said that she was not a woman of much force of character, or quick ness of apprehension — ;' I had the most shocking dreams. A white j face at the window—' \ 'Nonsense, Mary,' interrupted i Rochford ; ' you were nervous.' ' There is no one in the house butmyself and the two servants,' said the Major, who had completely re gained his composure, 'and I am sure neither of them would have the temerity to disturb your slum-j bers. Pray,' he added, turning in; stiff condescension to old Bagally,t '' have you been amusing yourself by terrifying my guests ?' . t The old man seemed dumb-! 'stricken. He tried to speak, bui words failed him. Lifting up hie hands with a gesture ? of terror, he made for the door, and.fturning as he went, displayed again that wolf: like savagery of aspect, the which I had observed on the previous night. . . . ? t ' 'A curious fellow,' said Major Molineux,' cracking the shell of his; egg, 'but faithful. An old convict, of course. I have touched some tender chord, perhaps.' Perhaps he had, for Dame Pen nithorne waited upon us during the rest of the meal, and even brought the Major his cigar-case when we found ourselves in the dilapidated but spacious verandah, prepared to seek the solace which, in those days, was supposedto lie in Manilla tobacco. ? „ v The conversation, of course, was of the accident and its results. The prospects of the patient's reoovery the punishment to be meted out to the ? self-indulgent bullock-driver, the quality of T3ultan's temper, and the ea uestrian skill of Miss Roch fordj were all debated in turn. : A learned discussion was held upon fraoture of the skull, and I was compelled to illustrate as best I might the operation of the trephine. At last exhausted with surgery, and convinced that he was thoroughly competent to treat a similar case, should he ever meet with one, Rochford betook himself to visit the scene of the accident, and /left me alone with our host. ; ' Major Molineux seemed uneasy. He got up and paced the broken tiles of the piazza floor, talked ,ot twenty things in a breath, and flung away his half-consumed cigar, only to light another an instant after. . ' You are restless this morning,' I said, willing to gain, if I could, some information concerning the mysterious seclusion ? of yesterday. ''Did you not sleep well ?' ' Oh, yes,' returned the Major, indifferently, ' I slept well enough/ and then he fixed his eyes on the wall behind me with that strange stare of which I have already spoken, and wiped from his brow some large beads of sweat which' had suddenly appeared there, 'il seldom sleep very soundly.' . .. ; ' Indigestion, I suspeot,' I con tinued, in a careless tone. ' A man who eats enough for two people at about midnight can scarcely wonder if he suffers from nightmare.' With a visible effort my inter locutor withdrew his gaze from space, and looked me in the eyes. : '' Then you saw Bagally with the tray,' said he. '1 am ashamed of my voracious appetite,' he added, with an attempt at; a smile, 'and try to laugh myself out of my gluttony by demonstrating to my actual vision that l do, in (tact, partake of a double portion of food.' ' Your notion, is .ingenious, but I fear' that you will never effect a cure by its means. Let me feel your pulse.' He gave me his wrist. The hand was hot and dry, the pulse full and boundiiig. ' I will write you a little prescription which may do you good. Give me a sheet of paper,' and I led the way to the jibrary. 'There,' said I, folding the sheet; 'though I saw* Wood-: iville and Sowerby on your shelve I doubt if you are fully acquainte with the virtues of the lily tribe.'1 ' You have been among my books, then,' 'said the Major, looking round. . ?? ?. ? ? ?:? ?? ;: ?,. .,??':?' , , ??. ? ,.: 'I havej and am surprised to find so excellent &. oolleotion of works in-r-pardon me for saying it —so unexpected a place.' 'Books ara my only com panions,' said Major Molineux, andi as he spoke, he soanned the table a little nervously, as though to see which of the volumes had attracted' my attention. Determined to penetrate the secret which I was now convinced existed, I pressed, my advantage. ' I see ihat you study the higher mathe matics. This calculation on the variation of parameters is not made by a school-boy, while here' — and I lifted from the table a sheet, of paper1— 'is' something headed, 'Pro bability that an event observed seve ral times in succession depends upon a cause which facilitates its repro duction,' in1 which the calculation is made by finding the equation of, the logarithmic curve.' Major Molineux changed colour,; and took the paper from my hands. ' I; did not know that I had left thej records of my folly thus carelessly | exposed,' said he. ' The fact is| that'! have always. been a.lover of; anything wmch approaches an exact science, '^and the calculation of probabilities is a fascinating sub-; ject. I am foolishly fond of it,'; .and, as he spoke, he tore the paper into pieces and flung them into the basket at his feet. . '? . I 'Some men say , that mathema-: tieians are mad,' I said. ' If this be so, you have the -antidote as well as the bane, for seldom have I seen, even in the libraries of my professional brethren, so- fine a collection of works on Mental Dis ease' as that which I examined last 3 night.' -. . ,; i I had gone too far for his patience, j 'Doctor Fayre,' said he, 'you are ; my guest, and my house is at your disposal so long as the illness of my old friends daughter compels you to remain in it; but let me re mind you that an old man who lives by choice a recluse may have sought such seclusion, in order that he might be spared these very com ments upon his private tastes which you have just been pleased -to make,' and, bowing stifily, he left the room. CHAPTER V. He did not appear that day, nor at breakfast the next- morning, j I felt that I deserved 'the reproach which his' absence convened, and was angry with: myself for yhavijag so far permitted my curiosity \ to outrun my discretion. But the more I reflected upon the circum stances of the case, the more oon vinced did I become that Castle Stuart held within its walls some mystery of mind or body upon the like of which it was hot given ;to', mnrv +/* -IVormcmflTr lnnlr ? onfl flaanita the Major's rebuff and my own self-consciousness, I resolved not to abandon my quest. In pur suance of this resolution I saun tered out into the garden the next afternoon, thinking to' fall in with the old servant. I was,' not dis appointed. I found him standing in a little glade, or opening in the brushwood, staring with vall his ? might at the upper windows of the house. . ? ' What interests you?' I cried', taking a guinea from my pockjet. 'Can you not spare time for a little friendly chat ?' j He looked nervously about him, pocketed the gold piece, and, point ing to a. coarse patch of verdure at his feet, whispered : . ' Jt was here he did it.' 'Did what ?' I asked. '?'' Cut his throat,' . said the old man, 'and they buried him here, with a stake through his heart. But that can't hold him.' ,i ' What do you. mean, man ?': I asked, experiencing a fresh aoc^ss of horror at this hideous and . unf, expected story, 'Who is. buried here?' ? . [ ; 'Savary,the forger; him as foujadv his wife gone as .well as his liberty. This was where he saw them walk ing. The Captain was a handsopie man, and MrV.Savary had beeri a beautv. thev sav- She died niad for all that,' and he laughed the discordant, laugh qf one whose . ex perience o£. life has been of . i}he sort to make him rej oice in others' woe., ',-.''. '' ' ' ?'.' .?'??' .' '.: :,. '»' What was the Captain's nanie,?' 1 'Tremaine. He was the Majojr's brpther-in-iaw.'-. He's dead too,ajnd Savary will eo^n see thein all put;' 'Does his ghost walk, theh?'| I -asked, attempting a laugh '?;? but jhe day was cloudy, , and : a cold' inni seemed on a sudden to chill me. ?: 'Ask Mrs. Rochford. : She/ slaw him l^st; \ nighjt. .Listen^ ; 'Two years ago I was sitting up with the old hag, in the kitchen, when . 1 heard the door-beU. It was blow ing a storm like it was last night; and the wind went shrieking' round the house as if it wanted . to get in and tear us. ;It was the -Major's Thursday, and I daren't go' near him , for my soul. I crept to; the door; thinking some traveller had got outof his track, for no one who knew us ? would ' come ; to Castle Stuart; but before I- could open it, there was an awful screechi and! something went whirling round the: house like a pack of dogs. I heard them bellowing and grunting in the' back, and ran upstairs to look. I. Looked but of that window' — he pointed to the room where Mrs.' Rochford had slept the night before — ' and I saw something like a herd of huge swine on* Savary's grave, rooting, and snarling, and slavering in it, and then I slammed to the window, for some awful thing with a white face was there trying to save itself from those hellish blasts. The noise continued for five or six minutes, and then the sky cleared like it did last night, and I saw no more.' 'You have a cheerful ; imagina^ tion, my friend,' said I; 'but, pray, do you couple this delectable story with your master's day of Beclusion?' Once more the ugly look came into his face. 'Nay, I knew nothing of that ; and it's no busi ness of yours either, though you are a doctor. Doctors cannot oure Major Molineux's complaint.' xnen you ininic za&z; ne is lu i ' Not I ; he's well enough.' . ' Look ye, Bagally,' I said, de termined to 'try a la^it chance, 'you are too sensible a man to 'believe this nonsense about ghosts, and suicides, and hunted souls. I am a doctor ; I shall be here some lays. 1 may be able to do your naster good. Tell me'— and I jxhibited another guinea — 'what s the mystery- in*, connection with Major Molineux ?' ' He is possessed by a devil,' aaid Bagally; and then, as if he had said too much, made for the house with grotesque, uneven strides, and left me standing in the coarse grass that sprung from the dishonoured grave where the sui cide lay with' a stake through his heart. ? . (To be oontimui.J 