QIRL LjraJHl INDIA. . (Chriiti-{»:MoMlf.) j On tho :day of'lier . marriago .the ohild bride is' put Jntp ???» palkiiquin shut up tight, and carrlnd to her husb-ind's honso. Hitherto Bhe h»« been tb» spoilt pet of hor tnothor ; now. sjia ' is- to be the little hlttvo of her ; mother-in-law, tipon whom she in to wait, wbono commands she is implioitly^lo . oboy, nndiwhoig to teuoh ? ivs ????hw uiiw in bt| UU V(J IIIUHIIW IJUI htisbaiid— wlmt diahou ho Ukon boat, and how to cook thorn. Ifj the niothorin luw is kind, the will lot the girl go home oconniunully to Vuuk her mother. In lior fstbor's house iheiaayj wear her sqree dowajon her shoulders. In her mother in-law's house it mast not onjy be drawn up' over her. head, but it must come down OTer her face to the month.: This may be lifted up off her face after the birth of her first babe. In her mother's house; she retaira her given name, Mohenee. In her husband's she really loses her identity. She is never called by her given name, bnt always So, which means ' danghtei'-in-law ; but added to Bo is soother name, which denotes whether she is the fitst, secend, third, or fourth son's wife. After the birth of her first child she is known as the mother of that child, the word ma being attached to that child's name', when she is spoken of as Chundroma' Bedo ma. In theimotbei'8 house she jnay run about in the court and verandahs, talkinj and playing (poor play) ns mrich as she pleases. In her husband's, fill atter the first child. is born, she must move about like a poor little ghost, so quietly and softly ;that her voice must never be heard above the faintest . whisper. . In fact she is perfectly tamed and broken into the most abject submission. Each morning, when she Brsl, sees her mother in- law for the day, she must throw her self prostrate before her, touching the ground; with her forehead and kissing the mother-in-law's feet, placing one of them on her head for a moment. - This denotes the perfect subjection of body and mind in which she is to remain. Of her; husband she sees very little.' She is of no more account -tin him than a little cat or a dog would be. There is seldom or never any love between them ;'; and : no matter how-crue'!y she may be; treated, she can never complain to her husband of nnything bis mother may do, (or he would take bis mother's' part. Her husband sends to her daily the portion of food : that is to be cooked for himself,. her, and the children. When it is prepared, she places it all on a large brass platter, and it is sent into the husband's room. He eats what heS wishes,: and then the platter ? is sent back w|th what is left, for her and the children. They sit together Qn the ground land eat the remainder, having neither Iknives, forks, nor spoons. While she is young she is never allowed to go anywhere. When she becomes very old, if !she\ makes a vow to go on a pilgrimage to- some heathen temple,, she is permitted to go to offer' a sacrifice either for herself or for others. But this is; only ocdasianally done; Very, very few ever undertake it She always haa her takoort or '? household gods oh a shelf; in the house, most frequently over her own bed, and to them she pays her daily devotions, offering- them rice and decorating them', with. flowe'ri' * At length when she draw's hear the hour of death, -n'nd it is thought her end is just approaching, she is carried down to the banks of the Ganges, there to breathe her last, in view of that holy stream whose waters are supposed to be effica cions in cleansing away sin. As soon as the spirit has departed, the remains are taken to the Burning. Ghat (tlie place for burning the dead bodies), and laid, upon a pile 'of wood. . In ~e .iew hours nothing remains but a little heap' of ashes. This is tBejr* taken up ahi cast into the river. ??' S'nqh .-'« the life and deith of the. ~ ha^puS^' -tBii -most favoured amongst? these BengaH'wjSHien-.' The little girls are married, even as young as three years of a'gpf and should the hoy to whom such a cbildis married die the next day, she .is called 'a widow, and ii ihenceforthdobmed \ to perpetual widowhood— abe can never marry again-. As a widow ^she must never wear any. jewellery, never dress her. hair-; never sleep on a bed, nothing hut a piece of mattinglspread on the brick floor,' some times not even that between lierand the enld tricks ; and no matter bow cold the night may be, she 'miiBt have no other covering thnn tha . thin garment she has worn daring the day. She must eat but one meal of food a Jay, and that of the coarsrat kind, and once in two weeks she must fast for twenty- four hours. Then not a bit of food, not a drop ofj water or medicine^ must pass her lips; not even if she wens dying. She must never sit down or -.speak in the presence; either of her mot'hBr-in-law Or of her BiRterg.in- lawy..uhjes3 they com. mand her to do so. :? 'H«r Jood 'must be cooked and eaten apart from the' other women's. She is a disgraced, a degraded being. She may never loot on at any of the marriage ceremonies or festivals. It'Srould. be an. evil omen for her to do bo. She may have 'been a high caste Brahminio woman, but on her becoming a widow; any, evtn the lowest servants, may order her to do what they do not like to do. No woman in the.hp'usa must ever speak one word of layej-pr pity to her, for it is anpajj^d thaPu^ woman show* ths slight^tWDmisejatTopl to a widow she will becomfftinsi'herBsJf; If a widow beoomeg' so ill' thafi)jpe'' cannot go down to the room when t^ey. take their food, she may: lie whera'she' is and die. No woman dares' assist her.. If she has a son, he may do all he can for her. .! Not only does sho never have a kind word said toher,- hut' she is con stantly reviled and reproaohod ;' for it is supposed she must ? ha.ve done something very wicked in a former statp pf existence, that. the:; gods ba,ve .poniahea JieV thus by 'making her \m '??widpyf.^:.$\ia$&y.;: in. ferenoo she is' accounlablB' for ;3ier- Tms. hand's death. It wis/tp'.pnniah' hf r'^hatthe gods; took her huibih'dawsy:'..'.! i»'*an noco'nnt a ab,prt time' tgo.'in in 'English paper th»t:.they tout been trying to. t»ket the oetniis of ,thn 'population iir India, and m far 41 t^7 n«U gone, they, found, thai there W8re'eigbtythousand- widows: under, six yraw. of; ' »if»r. *Oari . yob imoglne the arobuiit of Bufforing that Bontoneo tella of and forotollsp Some' amongst' the ? educated men of , India' are desirons to break the chains that, still hold the women in slavery. Others still desire to keep them down in Rbjeot auh mission, A. native gentleman, and luwyor, only a abort lime ago pleaded tin tbo English court of justice iu.Cal 'ontta1 Tor the' 'ahjeel ' dependonce' of womon,' ' ? quoting ' the - 1' Statutes of Menu,' one of the most ancient- of their holy books. H« said, 'Menu Hells as that in childhood a female must be de pendent on her futher ; in youth on her hnshand ; her lord being dead, on her sous.' . He also stated that for a female to aspire to the excercise of her free will would be something shocking to the feelings of the whole Hindu com munity. Menu also wiite3, -'Byagirl or a; woman advanced in years, nothing must be done even' in her own dweiffng place according to her- own pleasure.' Menu classes her with thi stnpid, the dumb,: the blind, and- the'* deaf. ?' She may be jcorretted .by her lord,-, to whotn her mind, speech, and body s re to be kept in subjection . by- jneana- of a rope or a cane. This, is tho position of lier who shonld be . bis companion, bis help meet, and friend.' '' Sois it»ny' wonder tirat.the.raca. has ^remained : so.degrai&cT; for.R'ges! ? ? -..-? ^ ' ;V j ? . . ? 