THE NOVELIST. MEL10RA IO THE RESCUE CHAPTER X.-THD CHUBCKWABBEN. "Pride go o th before destruction, and a haughty Bplri before a fall." ." Meliora J" said Lavinia, a day or two after tb« memorable interview in the library, " I do believe papa has asked yon to marry him, and yon havt refused 1" " What makes yon think so, Lavinia P" " Several things ; he looks gloomier than ever, and is crosser than I have ever known him ; also, there ÍB a certain awkwardness between you that did not exist a week ago. From a word papa let drop, too, I am quite cenvinced that you have been behaving badly to him." " Behaving badly ! No, Lavinia, I think I may deny that allegation. Supposing-1 have refused to become the seoond Mrs. Carisbroke-suppos- ing ib, I say !-what- then ? Was X bound to marry your father, simply because ho asked meP" " You are not likely, at your age, and in your position, to have a better offer, I fancy." " Perhaps not. It is not qnite polite of yon to remind me of * my age,' though it does not in the least disconcert me. I am not ashamed to eonfess the number of years, which the Lord my God has spared me to live and work upon His earth-I shall be forty next birthday; I completed my thirty ninth year only last week." " Oh, why did you not let us know ? Wo could have made you birthday-presents." " I am too old for birthday-keeping. But this is not to the point ; I was going on to remark that I neither, expect nor desire to receive any more offers of marriage I wish to romain single to the end of my days. I think I speak advisedly when I say that the man does not exist who would tempt me to surrender my freedom." " What an edd notion I And you are not at all bad-looking, Meliora, and might pass for thirty five'if you liked." "Thank you. Lavinia, for the compliment, though rather curiously expressed ; but I cannot perceive tho exact connection of ideas." \- ",Oh, you are so logical, or metaphysical, or whatever you call it, and you are making J oan as philosophical as yourself. I expèob Buby will talk like the queen of Sheba, as soon as ever she begins to speak 1 Can't you soo, your good looks ought to have got you a.husband long ago ? And evan now you misrht secure ono, I am certain. ¡I'll tell you what, Meliora, if papa haB really proposed to you, and you have refused him, I think you are just tempting Providence." , " In what way, my dear P" " You won't take tho good Providence places within your reach. Did you ever hear of the maiden who went through the wood, and through the wood, and picked up a crooked stick at last?" ''.Yes, Lavinia, I listened to the expounding of that ancient parable before you were born ; but, then, my dear, the young lady in question was looking for a stick to lean upon, 1 suppose ; and in her seif-concoit and vanity failed to find one worthy of adoption, till coming to the borders of the wood for the last time, she snatched up the firot cudgel that lay in her way, and found, par consequence, that she had made an extremely Börry choicel" "Just co; and aro you not following her ex- ample?" " By no means. I am not looking for a ' stick/ alias a lover ; I prefer to depend upon my own capabilities'. I shall not pick up a support of any kind, good, bad, or indifferent. No. Lavinia, 1 cannot apply your parable to myself." " You aro so dreadfully strong-minded." " Would you havo liked a strong-minded step- mother ?" " That I should, if her strength of mind would have put matters straight again. Oh, Meliora, I do wish you would have married papa ! I know he asked you. Confess, now 1" " lt is a question you have no right to ask me. No honourable woman tells the story of her rejected Buitörs." " Ah ! but this is altogether different. Papa did not fall in love with you, of course ; he only thought it would be good for all parties if you be- came his wife. And I think so, too, and BO does Maggie. If you have refused on our account, Meliora, it is very foolish of you. Understand once for all, that we, tho elder daughters, give our unfeigned consent to the match." " Thank you, my dear, for your kind opinion of me. But I assure you, that if I had loved your father-if I had felt that I could presently love him, as every wife should love her husband-I should have agreed to marry him without consult- ing either you or Margaret. I should have allowed nothing but absolute duty to come be- tween us-even as, not loving him, I allow no persuasions, no apparent expediency to bring UB together." " Oh, then, he has asked you ! I knew he had ; and I will toll you why ! I ovorhcard him saying something to Joan this morning, which at first, I could not understand, but which was Boob, ex- plained when I began afterwards to question Joan. She admitted that you might have been Mrs. Car- isbroke, or, ns Bho put it, her own * dear mother I' And ib is so 1 is it not ?" " If, indeed, your father has spoken of what has passed between us, I also may speak. Yes, Lavinia, your father did me the honour of asking me to be- come his wife, after the propor interval of mourn- ing for your mother had expired ; ho told mo, alBO, that ho was nure you und your sisters would receive me kindly. But I would not wrong him by taking what he offered, knowing that I had no wifely affection to bestow. And to end all, Lavinia-for I know you will not rost till you have found out everytbiug-to Bavo you tho trouble of making further inquiries, I will tell you enndidly why I had nc lovo to give your father, or any other man. Thora was onco some one-it is nlmoat twenty years; ngO"-to whom I gavo all my womun'B heart. Iii, was not Ood'n will that wo should marry; ho died long ago. That ia my story." " Tell me all about it, do I It ia something i listen to a real love story." " No, Lavinia, I eau tell you no moro. I ha^ told you the faets, and that must eunice. Even i much has not passed my Hps for years, till tl other day. I said to your father what I have no said to you. I could as Boon talk to you aboi that lone-buried sacred past, as I could speak m soul's secrets out on "yonder village-green." " Nearly twenty years 1 And you have bee faithful all that wbile to a memory ! Meliora, don't know whether to admire or to despise yo moBt !" "It makes little difference to me, my dea: There ara certain places in one's heart, whio neither the world's ssorn nor its praises can read ! Constaney is scarcely a virtue on my part, becaua it is an inherent part of my nature. But you wi] now comprehend, Lavinia, how impossible for m is marriage (with your father, or with any ma alive, however great and good." " Indeed, I don't understand. I would marr; any tolerable sort ef ma», rather than be an ol maid." " Lavinia, de you knew that yo« are ab-olutel; vulgar Í If I spoke out my mind e¿nits freely, should use a stronger term. Anything coarse than the sen tim ont you ha ve just uttered, leanne imagine proceeding from the lips of a yenng we man brought up respectably. I only hope tha you speak heedlessly-that as you grow older yoi will change your mind." . " Come, Meliora, don't be starchy JI don't wan to quarrel with you, for I am sure you mean wei by all of us. Of eourse, I did not mean I woul< marry any one, just for the Bake of tho matronly prefix. Of course, I would not marry a tradesman or an office clerk,or a person of that sort; I wouh prefer being a spinster like Aunt Jane-she mighl have married a retired grocer if she had chosen Poor mamma told me all about it ; but, being i Carisbroke, she naturally declined the meettTlianev Papa would never have forgiven Aunt Jane il she had disgraced herself by such a connection nor would any of her family ever have aoknow ledged her as Mrs» Sugarloaf." " Aunt Jane might have boen very happy wit! Mr. Sugarloaf, notwithstanding, lt. would al have depended upon the grocer himself ; trad* does not necessarily. degrade or vulgarise eithei man or woman. I consider the prejudice enter fained by persons of a certain class against theil fellow- creatures who are engaged in business, anc without whom they could not live comfortably, ai infinitely absurd and unohristianuko. A year OJ two ago I met with a fine lady who actually oh jected to a certain pew in church, though it wei the only one obtainable at the time ; simply be- cause it was already occupied-a part of it, that ie -by her poulterer and his wife and two daughters I She absolutely ref used to praise and to pray to hei Maker in company with ' one of my own trades- people,' as she .expressed it." " And would you not object to sitting in th« same pew with your butcher or poulterer ?" " It would depend. 1 should object very muohj if I owed the butcher or poulterer a long-standing bill. I Bhould be haunted by the ghosts of chops and legs of mutton, and chickens that 1 had eaten j at my fellow-worahipper's expense, and my con- science would be pricked continually. It would depend, too, upon the manners and habits of the good folk, as it would upon the behaviour of others of whatsoever degree. I would much prefer to sit and hear a sermon in company with a serious well-conducted butcheress, to sharing my pew with a lackadaisical fine lady, whose name might be in the peerage, for all she interfered with my devotions by the rustling of her silks, and the jangle of her ornaments, and the play of her dia- mond rings, and even annoyed mo by general ir- reverence of deportment." "Oh, dear, Meliora, how do you expatiate about thingB ! Let us come back to our muttons, if yon please. I told you that I intended to marry, and lo marry well, if possible, but to marry, anyhow 1 And I meant it." " I am Börry to hear it. I can only hope that you may providentially be led to the person whom you will love, and by whom you will be loved in return. And, my dear, may I ask you to be so kind as never to talk in this strain to your y o unger sisters P" " Oh, I should not, of course, talk to babies, and Netta and Brenda aro little more. As to Joan, she is becoming BO very-what shall I call it P-high toned is the right phrase, I imagino-that no worldly maxims of mine could possibly injure her. I do wonder what you will make of Joan I But, after what has happened, I suppose you will be leaving us, spite of your motherly devotion to her and to poor little Huby. I must say I think you are extremely unkind, Meliora. If things were as they used to be ia mamma's time, ' it would not matter ; but when everything is gone wrong, and papa doles out every shilling with an expostulation and a groan, and 1 am oxpected to housekeep on a miserable pittance, it is quite another matter. When you go, I shall throw up the situation alto- gether-' give in,' as the Americans say-and let the house keep itself as best it can." " I am not going away, Lavinia." " You are not ? Well, now, I am surprised I I should havo thought you of all people would have gone in for the strict proprieties." *' I hope I am not outraging any of tho proprie- ties by remaining under tho roof of a friend whom I believe I can servo. I am sorry that your papa has chosen to speak of what passed between us' the other day, and I do entreat you to keep silence on tho subject. If you talk, Lavinia, there will be gossip, and it might be of a kind that would drive me away. If you really wish to keep mo hore, you will nob allow tho secret to be disclosed. I am sure of Joan." " And you are not sure of meP" " Are you sure of yourself, my dear P I think your papa, overburdened as he is by anxiebies, ehould not suffer from any imprudence of his own cliildron. Do you roally wish mo to remain at Perry wood?" " Do I wish tho fire to burn on a wintor'B day 1 Do I waut thoao horrible billa paid ! Do I want to bo fed and housed, and comfortably clad ? Of courso I wish you to romain, fpr, somehow, yqtii Seem to bo all wo have to hold to. If anybody in thiB world can ¡pull us through our troubles, you can. I know I felt very differently towards ye once, but then I had no idea of the dreadful me we were getting into. And you were only tho go erness, you see." " And what am I now ?" "Ourgood genius-our very best friend! Ol if you only would marry papa 1" "You have got a complete craze upon that sui ject, Lavinia. I could do nothing as Mrs. Caril broke that I cannot do quite as effectually as MÍE Martin. Bat 1 am sadly afraid, my dear gir that you immensely overrate my powers. I woul joyfully pull you through tho troubleB that ar< and, worse still, those that threaten you-tha threaten us, I will say, for I am resolvod to throi in my lot with you, if you will have it so. Ba how can this be done t I cannot coin money ; can only determine to take no more from you, an to make what,you have go as far as posaiblo. Ah here is Joan ; sho may as well hear what we hav to say." And then followed a short conversation, in whic a few things wore explained, and it WAS agree that the subjeot ot the "deotined proposals should remain a dead secret between the thre there assembled. Maggie was not to be enlightened for oven Lavinia admitted that she was not to b trusted with private matters, and Miss Carisbrok could well perceive that in such a caso aa th present, gossip was extremely undesirable, inae muoh as it might easily become scandal, such a would drivo even the strong-minded Meliora fron her entrenchments. "Well," said Lavinia, whon at length tho; understood oaoh other, " don't you think, after all Joan, that it is unkind of Meliora to refuse to be come our step-mother F" " No, I don't," said Joan decidedly. " Melion likes papa, but ßhe does not love him ! Of course I am too young to understand ouch things ; but '. can seo plainly that this settles the question Meliora is boo good to marry withoub affection ; sh could not bo so wioked." *' So wicked ! So unromantic, you mean ?" '* No; I moan what I said. For marriage with out love is wicked, I am so.ro. Yet I am sorry tha she is not to be ' mamma.' " "It will make no difference to you, Joan," saic Meliora, pressing the girl's hand. " Since I can not and must not be * mamma,' suppose you tak< me for your eldest Bister; or, if Lavinia objects t< that, for * auntie' P" " I think I like best to call you 'Meliora.' Yoi have been that to mo, I know." " Very well, so bo it. And now, having sofcfclec this little business, let us be practical, and lool nos dragona in tho faoo." "What is tho uso of facing.disagreeables till ont is obliged f" pouted Lavinia. " Do let UB forgol our troubles while we may. I am tired ol this everlasting and vulgar theme, of impecuni osity.'V " Impecuniosity is a thing that most people tire of, whether in practice or in theory ; but unfortun- ately it is not to be got quit of by mere avoidance, It will force itself upon its victims, more persist ently and moro cruelly, the longer it is ignored." " I would frown it down if I could, I am sure," sighed Lavinia. " I hate to be poor 1 There is no- thing so detestable aa poverty, especially poverty that succeeds to plenty." "It is very trying, I must confess ; but frowning will not be more efficacious than negleot, I am afraid, in the present instance. Poverty is too much like an armed man, that has to be met and en- countered, and dealt with hand to hand. And the first thing is to meet him faco.to face, and find out all about him." "I don't think oven papa knows exactly how poor he is !" whispered Joan. And Meliora folt that she spoke tho truth. Tho unfortunate Francis Carisbroke, driven to extremities, and threatened with ruin and disgraco, did not by any means comprehend the full extont of his disaster. Year after year his difficulties had increased, his debts had multiplied ; he had put off the ovil day at all costs, yet still he could not believe in the utter hopelessness of his condition. Liabilities that ho had well-nigh forgotten persistently asserted themselves ; promises that had been staved off from limo to time now clamoured for fulfilment. One creditor conferred with another, and it was finally agreed on all hands that Francis Caris- broke, M.A., Clerk in Holy Ordors, should forth- with be made bankrupt. And bankruptcy such as his meant sequestra- tion with a vengeance, for tho income of many years would be required to put mattera straight. As Mr. Carisbroke had private property in right of his deceased wife, it was not improbable that the entire proceeds of the living would be seques- trated. He began to feel terribly forlorn and help leas, assured as he wasjthat the tempest was close at hand; that the heavy clouds which for so many years had slowly and darkly gathered were about at last to descend in overwhelming floods ; that tho awful storm mußt come ere the blue sky and the sweet sunshine could reappear; if indeed they ever smiled again upon one who had BO far passed the meridian of his age, and who had so shame- fully wasted aa fair an heritage as ho himself had ever desired in the sunny days of youth and hopo. Mr. Selwyn, the curate, had boon dismissed, and that with his year's stipend partly unpaid ; tho Hector had to work henceforth singlv-handod. Tho cruel torment of incessant duns, and ceaseless worries of one kind or another, drove him almost distracted. He could not study ; eveD hia most cherished editions failod to give him pleasure As he sat in his luxurious library, and gazed upon his well-filled shelves, he involuntarily began to calculate for how many of them his bookseller had given him credit, how few of them wore his own bona-fido possessions. Ho was ashauiod to go into his parish, ho shrank from showing his face in MaBsington or OotBwoldbury, his sermons Bounded in his own ears like sarcasms, his heart beit painfully, and his knees trembled as he as- cended his pulpit stairs- those stairs which ore while he had mounted with all the solemn dignity of his rectorial prido. When ho met old friends, ho folt embarrouncd j eooio of thom, ho thought, 1'rathor avoided bira, or mot him coldlytor ¡shyly ;' ifc waa fast bocotuing a most painful ordeal to faco his congregation on Sunday morning, so many of thom wore his croditorB-his long-enduring crodi tors. And nearly every adult person in the place knew of his desperate condition. Also, there was one other source of Bhame and misery, which, no ono, not even Meliora, guessed. But tho time Boon came when she did guess¿ when sho and Joan were afraid to look each other in tho face, lest one should read tho other's thoughts. It was now November, but mild and pleasant for tho season, and one flue Suuday morning after service, Mr. Baxter, the churchwarden, instead of I going homo, as usual, to roast stalled ox and York i shire pudding-the standard Dominical faro of the I family-left Mrs. Baxter and her boys and girls to pursue their way up tho street alone, while he followed the Rector to hia own garden gate. Maggie and Lavinia were already in the house, the twins were just in front on the gravel-walk, and Meliora and Joan were listening to something Mr. Cirisbroke had to say about his favourite Wistaria, that still wavedfits leaflets greonly, and shook a pale lilac blossom or two against its sheltering north wall. They were all so occupied that they did not perceive Mr. Baxter's approach, till the little gate swung-to behind him, and he stood close to them. " Good morning again," said the Rootor, in the curious, hesitating tono which bad latoiy grown upon him. . " I am thinking it is time some of our choice plants wore matted up for the Boason. This weather may chango any d ty, any hour, and tho frost will be sharp when it does come. These singularly mild autumns ¡nearly always tuin all of a sudden into ioy winter. Haven't you noticed it?" "Yes, oh yes !" replied Mr. Baxter, with the air of a preoccupied person. " Excuse my intrud- ing, but 1 am going up to London to-morrow morning early, and shall not return till Wednesr day night, and I wanted just to say that that ad- journed committee-meeting must really tait o place this week. Will Thursday afternoon be convenient, sir?" " Yes-no; that is, I am not sure," etammered Mr. Carisbroke. " I have an engagement one day thia week-I am euro I don't just remember which day. Suppose we eay next week, Mr. Baxter ?" " As you please, Mr. Carisbroke," waB the reply, and the significance of the churchwarden's tono at., once attracted tho attention of both Meliora and her pupil. "Butreallv," he continued, "it will, not do to have another postponement ; we must balance thoso accounts, and as tho subscriptions . .. are not to go towards a reredos-everybody is: .?.ir against it, you Bee, and I think myself it is going :< ; a trifle too far in tho direotion of Romo !-and since we aro, after all, to bo content with our old organ, it has boen suggested that tho money should at once bo made available for the new school-house. ' The school committee mot, you know, last Tues- - day, and there waa a select committee, held pri vately on Friday night, and it was unanimously .' agreed that tho funda collected for both reredos, :| and organ should be forth with expended on ñecos- ~ sary repairs and improvements yonder"-pointing -' to a handsome building on the other Bide of the churchyard, and facing the village green-"the , new warming apparatus does capitally, hut it is not ' < j paid for, and it has cost a mint of money ; and the ' ' I additional class-rooms want fitting- up ; and there's the-bloss my soul. Mr. Carisbroke, how bad you - . ' do look!" For tho Rector shivered and turned ghastly pale, like a man who has just had a sudden and \ fearful shock. " It's tho cold, I Bupposo," he said faintly. " I ought not to stand still in the open ' air after preaching ; I am not as young as 1 was, oh, Mr. Baxter!" and he laughed feebly, and .?"' shivered again, ana gazed almost pitoously at his churchwarden. " I am very sorry I kept you hore," replied Mr. Baxter, with a grave, inscrutable countenance ; . "but really, it's warm, positively warm, for the . time of year, and the church, I thought, was ' rather chilly. Then shall wo say to-morrow week ? Itmust not bo put off ngaiu, indeed it musn't, Mr. Carisbroke! People will have their own way in : these democratic timos, you seo, and the church- ' ?. folk at Perry wood are as bad aB dissenters for get ting to the bottom of things. Those accounts must be audited, and the money paid into the bank for . speedy disbursement." "Certainly, certainly," said tho Rector, with : anotfier dhiver, and ¡a gasping of breath that quito alarmed the churchwarden. " I'd have first-rate advice if I were you, Mr. Carisbroke," he said, aa ha turned back towards the churchyard ; " I don't like your looks, I must toll you ; and I thought you faltered rather in the second lesson, and again at tho end of the Litany. Go up to town and consult some eminent physi- cian, that's my advice. Good morning, ladies I" : That afternoon, when the sirloin and tho York shire pudding, and the walnuts and Ribaton pip- . pins had been duly discussed by tho churchwarden and his family, there was a good deal of privato talk between Mr. and Mrs. Baxter, and it was all about the Rector and his Budden indisposition. And Mr. Baxter's concluding words were, " Mark my words, Mary Ann, that there money is not forthcoming ! lt's no moro in the bank than your gold watch is at thiB moment-and never was, I'll go bail. There's nn unpleasant duty beforo me, I'm afraid-I don't want to be hard on his rever- ence-it must bo an awful temptation to be in Btraits, aa we know ho is, and have tho handling of publio funds ; but I'm churchwarden, and must do my duty." " Surely you must do your duty, my dear," re- plied his wife. "In all the years we've been married I've never known Samuel Baxtor nob to do his duty ! and it would do those young ladies good to havo their unchristian pride brought down a bit." 