THE STILLWATER TRAGEDY. (From the Atlantis Monthlu.i li is close upon daybreak. The great wall of pines and hemlooks that keep off the east wind from Stillwater stretches' blaok' and indeterminate against the sky. At intervals a dull, metallio sound, like the gutteral twang of a violin string, rises from the frog-infested swamp skirting the highway. Suddenly the birds stir in their nests over there in the woodland, and break into that wild jargoniug onorns with wmou they herald the advent of a new day. In the apple-orohards and among the plum-trees of the few gardens in Still wator, the wrens and the robins and the blne-jsys catch up the orystal oressendo, and what a melodious zaoket they make of it with their fifes and flatsi arid flageolets. Tho village lies in a trance like death. Possibly not a soul hears this musio, unless it is tho watohers at the bedside of Mr. IiBonard Tappleton, tho riohest man in town, who has lain dying these three days, and oannot last till sunrise. Or perhaps some mother, drowsily hashing her wakeful baby, pauses a moment and listens Vaoaotly to the birds singing. Bat who else t The hubbub suddenly oeaies— ceases as suddenly as it began— and all is still again in;the woodland. Bat it is not so dark , as before. A faint glow of white light is dis oorniblo behind the ragged line of the tree- J tops. The dolnge ot darkneiB ia reaeding from tho faoe ol the earth, as the mighty waters reosded of old. Tho roofs and tall factory ohimneys of Stillwater are slowly taking shape in the gloom. Is that a oemetery coming into view yonder, with its ghostly arohiteotnro of obelisks and broken columns and huddled head-Btones? No, that is only Bloonm's Marble Yard, with the finished and unfinished work heaped up like snowdrifts— a oemetery in embryo. Here and there in an outlying farm a lantern glimmers in the barn-yard; the oattle are having their fodder betimes. Soarlet-oapped ehantioleer gets himself on the nearest rail.fenoo and lifts up his ran corous voioe like' some irate old cardinal launching tho oarse of Bome. Something crawls swiftly along thegiey of the serpentine turnpike,— a dog-oart, with the driver lashing a jaded horse. A quiok wind goes shivering by, and is lost in the forest. Now a narrow strip of two- eoloorecl gold | stretches along the horlson. I Stillwater is gradaally coming to its senses. The sun has begun to twinkle on -the gilt eross of the' Catholic ohapel and to make itself known to the dqves in the stone belfry of the South Ohuroh. The patches; of cob web that here and there oling tremulously to the eoarse grass o( the inundated meadows have tamed into silver nets, and the mill pond— it will be steel-blue later— is as smooth arid white as if it had been paved with one vast.unbroken slab out of Slooum's Marble Yard. Through a row of - bntton-woods on the northern skirt ot the village is seen a square, lap-streaked building, painted a dis agreeable. brown, and surrounded on three sides by a platform— one of seven or eight similar stations strung like Indian beads on a branch thread of the Great Sagamore Railway. Listen ! That is the jingle of the bells on the baker'a oart as it begiqa its rounds. From innumerable ohimneys the ourdled smoke gives evidence, that the thrifty housewifo— or, what is rarer in Stillwater, the hired girl— has lighted the kitohen fire. The chimney-Btaok of one house at the end of a email court — the last house on the easterly edge of the village, and stand ing quite alono— sonda up the smoke. Yet the carefully trained ivy over the porch, and tho lemon verbena in a tub at the foot of tho steps, intimate that the place is not unoccupied. Moreover, the ' little square- rigged sohooner which . aots as weather-oopk.ononoof the gables,, and is now heading due west, has two new sky sails. It is a storey-and-a-half cottage, with a large expanse of V'oof, , which, covered with porous, unpointed shingles, seems to repel the sunshine that now strikes full upon it. The upper and lower blinds on the main building, as well as those on the extensions, vo tightly closed. The sun appears ttf beat in 1 vain at the case ments of this silent, house, which has !a curiously sullen and defiant air, as if it had desperately and successfully barrioaded itself against the approach or morning ; yet if one were standing in the room that leads from the bed-ohamber on the ground floor— the room with the latticed window — one, would.see a roy of light. thrast through a chink of the shutters, and pointing, like a human finger at an object wbioh lies by the hearth. , - . This finger, gleaming, motionless, and awful in its precision, points to the body of old Mr. Lemuel Shackford, who lieB there dead in his night-dress with a gash across his forehead. In the darkness of that summer night a deed darker thun tho night Itself had been done in Stillwater. ??? , That morning, when Miohael HonnoBsey's girl Mwty— a girl sixteen yean old — oarried the oan of milk to the rear door of the silent lb? ynt neulj ? quutw ot M hom later than usual, and looked forward to being soundly rated. 'He's up and been waiting for it,' she said to herself, observing the soullery door ajar. 'Won't I keteh ltt It's him for growling and snapping at a body, and it's me for always being before or behind time, bad lack to me. There's no plaslng him.' Mary pushed baok the door, and pushed through the kitchen, nerving herself all the; while to meet the objurgations whioh she sup posed were lying in wait for he*. The sun-; shine was blinding without, but sifted: through the green jalousies, made it a grey, orepuscular, light' within. As the girl ap-i proaohod the table, on. whioh a plate with knife and fork had. keen laid- for breakfast,: she notioed, somewhat indistinctly, at, first,: a thin red line running obliquely aoross the floor from the direotion of the sitting-room and ending nearthestove, where it had formed a small pool. Mary stopped short, soaroely conscious why, and peered Instinctively into the adjoining apartment. Then, with a smothered pry, she let fall the milk-oaa, and a dozen whito rivulets, in strange contrast' toi that' one dark red line which first startled her, wont meandering over the kitohen floor. With her eyes riveted upon some objeot in the next room, the girl retreated backward, - slowly and heavily dragging one foot after1 the other, nntil shereaohed the soullery door,, then Bhe turned swiftly and plunged into the street. Twenty minutes later every man, woman, ; and ohild in Stillwater knew that old Mr. Shaokford had been murdered in his bed. : . Mary Hennessey had to tell her story a' hundred times during the morning, for oaoh minute brought to Michael's tenement a fresh listener hungry for the details at firat hand. ' How was it, Molly t Tell a body, dear I' ' Don't be asking me 1' oried Molly, pres sing her palms to her eyes as if to shut out the eight, but taking all the while n Beoret oreepy satisfaction in living the scene over, again, 'ft was kinder dark in the other, room, and there he was, laying in his. night- gown d, with his face turned towards me, so ; looking mighty severe-like, jest as it he was agoing to say 1 It's late with the milk ye are, ye hussy !'— a way ho had of spaking.' \- 'But he didn't spake, Molly darlin'?' ' 'Niver a word. He was stone dead, dfin't you see. It was that 'still you oohld hear me | heart beat, saving there wasn't a drop of a beat in it. I let go the oan, sure, and then I baoked out, with me eye on 'im all the while, afeared to death' that he wonld up and spake them words.' ' The pore ohild I for the likes of her to bo wakln' up a murthered man in the mornin' I' There was little or no work done that day f in Stillwater outside the mills, and they were not running full handed. A number of men from the Miantowona Iron Works and Slocam's yard — Slooum employed some seventy or eighty hands — lounged about the streets in their blouses or stood in knots in front of the tavern, smoking short clay pipes. Not an nrohin put in an appoaranoe at tho small red brick building on the turnpike, Mr. Pinkham, the schoolmaster,. waited an' hour for the recusants, then turned the key in the look and ttent home. Draggled-looking women, with dish-cloth or dnst-pan in hand, stood in door-ways or leaned from windows, talking, in snbdned voices with neighbours on the oarb-Btone. In a hundred far-away oities the news of the suburban tragedy had already been read and forgotten ; but here the horror stayod. : There was a constantly obanging crowd gathered in front of tho house in Weloh's Oonrt. An inquest was being hold in the ?room adjoining tho kitohen. The oourt, whioh ended at the gate of the oottBge, was 'fringed for several yards on eaoh side by rows of eaualid. wondering ohildren. who under stood it that Coroner Whidden was literally to sit on the dead body, — Mr. Whidden, a limp, inoffensive little man,' who wonld not have dared to sit down on a fly. He had passed, pallid and perBplrlng, to the scene of his perfunctory duties. The result of the investigation was awaited with feverish impatience by the people ont side. Mr. Shaokford had not been a pppular man; he had been a hard, avarioious, pas sionate man, holding his own way remorse lessly. He bad been the reverse ot popular, but he had long been a prominent oharaoter in Stillwater, beoause of his wealth, his end less lawsuits, and his eccentricity, an illus tration of whioh was his persistence in living entirely alone in the isolated and dreary old house, that was henoelorth to bo inhabited by his shadow. Not his shadow alone, how ever, for it was now remembered that the premises were already held in fee by another phantasmal tenant. At a period long anterior to this, one Lydia Sloper, a widow, had died an unexplained death nnder that same roof. The coincidence struck deeply into the imaginative portion of Stillwater. ' The widow Sloper and Shaokford have made a match iof it,' remarked a looal humourist, in a glimmer vein than oustomary. Two ghosts bad now Bet up housekeeping, as it were, in the strioken mansion, and what might not be looked for.in the way of speotral progeny 1 It appeared to the orowd in the lane that the jary were nnoonsoionably long in arriving at a decision, and when a dooision was at length reaohed, it gave but moderate Batis faotion. After a spendthrift waste of judicial time the : jury ' had deoided that 'the death of Lemuel Shaokford was caused by a blow on the left temple, inflioted with some instrument not disooverable, in the hands of some person or persons unknown.' ' We knew that before,' grumbled a voioe in the crowd, when, to relieve publio sus pense, Lawyer Perkins — a long, lank man, with stringy ;blaok hair— announced the verdict from the doorstep. ' The theory of suicide had 6bta1ned momen tary oredenoe early in the morning, and one or two still clung to it with the tenacity that characterises persons who entertain few ; ideas. To accept this theory it was necessary ' to believe that Mr. Bhaoktord had ingeniously hidden the weapon after- striking himself dead with a single blow. No, it was not: suicide. So far from intending to take his own life, Mr. Shaokford, it .appeared, had made rather oareful preparations to live that day. The breakfast table had been laid over Dight, the ooalB left ready for kindling in the Franklin stove, and a kettle, filled with water to be heated for his toa or coffse, stood on the hearth. , Two faots had sharply demonstrated them selves—first,: that Mr. Shaokford had 'been murdered; and, second, .that the spur to tbe srime had been the possession ot a sum of money whioh the deoeasea was supposed, to ! keep in a strong-box in his bedroom. The! padlook had. been wrenehed open, and: the less valuable oontents ot the ehest, chiefly : papers!. soattered over the carpet. , A memo randum among the papers seemed to epeoify ; the respective mms in notes and gold , that - had been deposited in the box. A dooument ol some kind had been torn into minnte pieces, and thrown iuto tbe waste baBket. On olose sorutiny a word or two here and there revealed the faqt that the dooument was of a legal oharaater. . The fragments ware put: into an envelope, and given in oharge ol Mr. : Sbackford's lawyer, who placed seals on that and on the drawers, of an escritbire which: stood in the oorher, and oontained other manuscripts. . The instrument with whioh the fatal; blow had been doilt— for the autopsy showed that there had been but one blow — was not only not, disooverable, but the fashion: of it cjeflod cosjeotuie, The Bhap« of the ^ i ii i. ii , i wound did not indicate the use - of any implement known to tho: jurors, several of' whom were skilled machinists. The wound was an inoh and three-quarters in length, i and very deep at the extremities; in the middle it scarcely penetrated to the oranium. So peculiar a out could not have been produced with tho claw part of a hammer, because the claw iB always curved, : and the incision was straight. Aflat olaw,' suoh as is used in opening packing oases, was suggested. A^ collection of the several : sizes manufactured was procured, but none corresponded with the wound; they, were, either too' wide or too narrow; Moreover, i the out' was as thin as the blade of & oaso : knife. - . ' ? 'That was never done by any tool in these parts,' deolared Stovens, the foreman of ths finishing shop at Slooum's. The assassin or aesassinB had entered by tho Bcullory door, the simple fastening of { whioh, a hook' and staple, had been broken. There were footprints in the soft clay pith leading from the side gate to the stone step; but Mary Hennessey had so confused and obliterated the outlines that now it was impossible accurately to measure them. A half-btirnod match was found under the sink— evidently thrown there - by the burglars. It was of a kind known as the safety ! matob, which oan be ignited only by friction on a Btrip of chemicallypre pared paper glued to the box. Aa no box of this description was discovered, and, as aU the other, matohes in the house were of a different make, the oharred splinter was preserved. The aioBt minute examination failed to show more than this. The last time Mr. Shackford had been seen alive wa9 at six o'clock the previous evening. : ' Who had done the deed? ' Tramps !' answered Stillwater, with one voice, though Stillwater lay somewhat out of the natural highway, and the tramp — that bitter blossom of civilisation whose seed wan blown to.us from over seas — was not then as common by the New England roadsides as he became .five or six years later.- -But it was intolerable not to have a theory ; -it was that or none, for-ponjecture turned to no one in the village. To be sure, Mr. Shackford had been iu litigation with several of th® corporations, and had had legal quarrels with more than one - of his neighbours ; . but Mr. Shackford had never been viotorious in any of these con tests, and the incentive of revenge was wanting to explain tho crime. . Besides, it was so clearly robbery. Though the gathering around the Shaok ford houso had reduced itself to half a dozen idlers, and the less freauented streets had resumed their normal aspect of dullness, there was a strange electrio quality in tho atmosphere. Tho com munity was in that state of suppressed agitation and suspicion which no word adequately describes. The slightest cir cumstance would have Bwayed it to the belief in any man's guilt ; and indeed there were men in Stillwater quite capable of disposing of a fellow'-creature for a muoh smaller reward than Mr. Shackford had held out. In spite of the tramp theory, 'a harmless tin-pedlar; who had not passed through the place for weeks, was dragged from his glittering cart that afternoon, as he drove Bmilingly into town, and would have been roughly handled it Mr. Richard Shaokford, a cousin of the deceased, had not interfered. :: As the day wore on, the excitement deepened in intensity, though the ex pression of it became nearly reticent. It was noticed that the lamps throughout the village were lighted nearly an hour earlier than usual. ? A sense of insecurity settled upon Stillwater with the falling twilight — that nameless apprehension which ia pos sibly moro trying to the nerves than tangible danger. When a man ia smitten inexplicably, as if by a bodiless hand stretched out of a oloud — when the red slayer vanishes like a mist and leaves no fainteBt trace of his Identity — tho mystery shrouding the deed presently becomes more appalling than the dned itself. There is something paralysing in thu, thought of an invisible, hand somewhere ready to strike at your, or at soma Ufa dearer than your own. Whoa* hand, and where is it ? Porhocs It naisss you your ooffee at breakfast ; perhaps you have hired it to shovel |the snow off your sidewalk; perhaps it has brushed against you in the orowd ; or may be you have droppsd a ooin into the fearful palm at a street earner. Ah, the terrible unieen hand that stabs your imagination— this Immortal part of you whioh Is a hundred times more sensitive than your poor perishable body 1 Iu the midtt of situations the most solemn and traglo, (here often falls a light purely faroio&l; in , its Incongruity. Suoh a gleam Was unconsolously projeoted upon the present oriels by Mr. Bodge, better knowo in the village as Father Bodge. Mr. Bodge was stone deaf, naturally stupid, and h*d been nearly moribund for thirty years with asthma. Just before nightfall he had crawled in his bewil dered wheezy fashion down to the tavernj where he'found a sombre orowd in the bar room. Mr. Bodge ordered his mug of beer, and sat pipping it, glancing meditatively from time to time over the pewter rim at the mute .assembly. Suddenly he broke out, ' S pose you've heerd that old Shack ford's been murdered.' So the sun went down on Stillwater. Again the great wall of pines and hemlookB made a gloom against the Bky. The moon rose from behind the tree-tops, frosting their ragged edges, and then sweeping up to the zenith hung serenely above the world, as if there were never a orime, or a tear, or a heart-break in it all. On the afternoon ot the following day Mr. Bhaoktord was duly buried. The funeral, under the direotion ot Mr. Riohard Shackford, who aioied aa ohiel mourner, and was sole mourner by right of kinship, took plaoe in profonnd sllenoe. The oarpenters,vwho had lost a day on Bishop's, new stables, inter mitted thoir aawing and hammering while the seivioeB were in progress; the steam was Bhut off in the iron-mills, and no clink ing ol the ohisel was heard in the marble yard for an hour, daring whioh many of the shops had their shutterB up. Then, when all was oyer, the imprisoned fiend in the boilers' gave a pieroing shriek, the leather bands slipped on tbe revolving drums, the spindles leaped into life again, and the old order ol things was reinstated— outwardly, but not in effast. Good Advice to a Judge.— Jim Webster was brought ufc yesterday before an Austin juatico of the peaoe. It wob the same old oharge that used to bother him bo muoh in Galvoston. After tho evidence wa8 all in, the judge, with a perplexed look, paid: ? ' But I do not comprehend, Webster, how it _ was possible for you to' steal those ohiokena when they were roosting right under the owner's window, and there wore two .vicious dogs in' the yard.' 'Hit wouldn't, do. yer ,a bit of. good, jodge,, for mo to splain how I cotohod dem chickens, for yer couldn't do it yerself if yo tried.it forty times, and. yer ; might got yer hido full of buckshot de berry fust time yer' pat yer leg ober do fenoe,. Do bps way for yer ter do judge, is f ar yer to? buy yorohiqkpuB 