IN the generally esculent speech on the Reform Bill, which lie delivered in the AsseuAly on Wednesday night, Mr WBIXON expressed a veiy strong opinion in favor of " proportional representation," and regretted that a scheme of this sort was not included in the Government measure. In effect, the honorable, and usually very logical, member contended that *' proportional representation" would secure the services of the most experienced, and, therefore, the best men. in the State, and that the public would greatly benefit by all this talent being drawn together into the Legislature. Mr WRIXON is a gentleman of large and varied abilities, and therefore, we shall not say that he talked about what he did not understand, as so many people do who fling the phrase " proportional representation" about at random. Mr WBIXON fully understands the meaning of these two words when conjoined; and there can be no doubt that when pinning his faith to their assumed efficacy lie is perfectly honest and sincere in his convictions. But we don't hesitate to say, as we hare repeatedly said before, that of all the nostrums flung at the people for the purpose of realising perfection in the art of government, this one is alxmt the weakest, because it would, if reduced to practice, have quite the opposite eiiect to what would be desired by its introduction and adop tion. Under it, no doubt all the bestknown names would cany everything before them, in the constituencies; consequently, the-owners of them would invariably be found amongst theelected. This is just about as certain as that, while the name of O'SHAXASSY is a tower of. strength amongst the Irish Catholics, the name of BERRY occupies an analogous position amongst tlie protectionist party. The .success of old politicians would be brought about from the enormous electorates -R-hich would be necessary for a "proportional representation" purpose, and by the inability, therefore, of previously unknown candidates winning their way against such . formidable opposition. But is it desirable that .the representation of tiie colony should be handed over only to men who have made themselves well known by a long connection with politics or Parliamentary warfare 1 We don't hesitate to say it is not, for these reasons. Firstly, because it would keep the government of die country in the hands of those who, by reason of their advancing age, would not, as a rule, be in. accord with the spirit of the times; and secondly, 'and as a consequence, because it woold have a strong tendency' to prevent that infusion of new and ybung blood into the Legislature . that is so - essential to keep the work of Parliament up to. the requirements of the people. The world outlives its generation," says a high authority; and there is great force in this phrase when it is understood. It means that the minds of old persons are biassed by memories of their arlier lives, and thus they view with n Immovable prejudice the aspirations: nd desires of younger people; or, p ounger instincts. ; AU this i6 go^ie] ruth; and we Eee it daily realised in he rarity with whibii firms in business omposed of old men can stand against he vigor «u3 bdaptalnlity to the sir-^ cnmstaaces of iiie ii^iM firms nbidi otter consist wholljr of young men, or contain a strong clement of yonthi in their compoddons. Apply tiiie view to Pariiazuentefy life, and £his fact will, then be bronght out clearly. Tliat as -" proportional representation" would be sore to give all the advantage in an election contest to men who were well known in political life, we should have stagnation where we want activity,. because Parliament would chiefly conta.in.mea jn an' advanced stage of life,or f the old identities," and thus be wanting in the main element which is so Essential to national progress. Young and unknown candidates, as we have said, would not have die means, at their command, to win their way against each adversaries; consequently they would invariably find themselves outvoted in the contest, by which the best interests of the immunity would be sure to materially suffer. Of course, it is desirable that there should be well matured members of Parliament, not only as checks upon, but also as experienced guides to, the younger class of representatives. "But it is quite as desirable that there should be a "steady and sure influx of young blood as wcllj or, instead of Parliament keeping up with the progress of the age, it would fall into that senility which "is destructive of all advancement. Under the present system the young has & dear road to fight its way into Parliament, because the ' battle is within its means, and because the facilities which are necessary exist to make its opinions known amongst the different bodies of the electors. Under the "proportional representation" system, however, this class "would be utterly deprived of these advantages; and, therefore, the young -would have no chance against their older antagonists, because the prominence which the public careers of the latter had given to them would cause everything in this way to' operate so strongly in their favor. Instead, therefore, of " proportional representation'' improving Parliament,' as Mr WBIXON contends it would, it would have just the opposite effect It -would keep new and young men, with fresh ideas, and with views abreast of the times, out of the Legislature; and thus, instead of giving that vitality, and that representation to all classes and all ages, which a Parliament should possess and contain, it would implant apon it just the opposite conditions. Holding, then, these views, which we regard as impossible of disturbance, through the . solid logic of facts, we cannot sympathise with Mr WCISON in the regret he feels over "proportional representation " being absent from the Government Reform Bill. Oa the contrary, we think it is a very good tiling £nat this scheme is not there, and we hope no attempt will be made to secure its inclusion. IT is the custom of the London Times to give at the close of each year a historical summary of the events which have marked its course. These sum maries, it is almost needless to remark, are written in a masterly siyle, being no doubt the composition of several first-class writers. They are a 1^, it must be granted, couched in a tone of strict impartiality as' respects political opinions; if they were not so, their value would be very seriously diminished. A collection of these annual retrospects for a quarter of a century was published some years ago in a cheap form, and was really the best history of the times we live in that could be desired. They gave a biiti'seye view of human affairs since 1850 which was at once comprehensive and instructing, and into which the substance of many volumes was condensed. We find the summary for 1880 in the Times of the 31st December, lately received by the mail, and a perusal of it has set us upon testing the worth of the philosophy of that rema lcable old sage who has just ended his long life at Chelsea. As everybody knows, Mr CAKLYLE had. for a long period of his life preached the doctrine of pessimism, as it is called; or, as it might more properly be named, the • creed of despair. He had no hope for the world at alL Mankind in the mass he held to be a vast aggregate of fools and madniert, wholly incapable of directing their course aright, or of gaining true happiness, or even of rightly appi-e- hending in what true happiness consists. With this postulate as a basis for his system, he declaimed fiercely against every form of "popular liberty; denounced democracy as i-uittoiss to any nation, and to the xvorld; and put his ban on Liberalism, free parliaments, and constitutional government generally. What he wanted was despotism, pure and simple, like that of ancient Rome or modem. Russia, but with the proviso that the despot should be a man of iron wiil and utterly destitute qf the sentiments of generosity «r mercy. This was the sum of his teaching in such books at the " Latter Day Pamphlets," and especially the " Life of Frederick the Great. 5 ' He formed a school holding this dismal creed,. and had many disciples, amongst whom are not a few of the leading writers of the day- But, somehow, the world discredited Cariylism; and, whilst honoring the old man as a powerful writer, and a man of fearless comage in the expression of his opinions, would have none of his pessimist doctrines. While he was fulminating his anathemas against democracy, that system was making rapid strides, and was proving year by year its right to be considered the best and safest system for any nation to adopt How stands the case now, precisely at the time that CAP.LYLE'S long career has closcd? What do history and human experience,. up to the living hour, attest on the subject'! Why, that in every country where popular freedom prevails, national prosperity and advancing civilisation go with it hand in hand ; whilst, on the other hand, - the old despotisms arc fast decaying. For example: the year 18S0 was lSarked in England by a "transfer of power from the Conservative - to the Liberal party," to quote the words of the Tinyss} and this sweeping political t change it pronounces to be the event which threw all others into the shade. e Well, what followed ? National disaster surely, at the very least, or .even s n national rain, if the CABLYLE philosophy be sound. Nothing of the kind! o The Times bells ~ ns, only a few lines lower down in the paragraph than the words we have quoted, 'that "th^ t nblic credit of the country has never i been more secure." Money teas never: q more Abundant, pever more - cheap; M capital accumulates to such an amount that means for its profitable invest- J ment cannot be obtained; and this, in spite of the troubles ^n Ireland, the wars in South -A-fricsi and Afghanistan, and the complications-in the East of Europe. Turning to France, we are told that this nation is " advancing so rapidly along the line of liberalism that, even for the most important objects of international policy, she was u nal>le to make herself tlie instrument of Russian aiitoeracy," otherwise despotism. Exactly so ! She would not have been Republican France if she had. not refused. We know -from other sources that, as respects her material condition, France has never been more prosperous than since she became a republic; her wealth is accumulating year by year in spite of many drawbacks and adverse circumstances; and has quite surmounted the effects of the disastrous war of 1870. lii the" United States of America, again, the persistent force of liberalism has been shown in the election of General GARFIELD as President; and, adds the Times, " the continuance of the Republican. Government in the control of the executive power is likely to benefit the public credit" Here, also, we find that public prosperity' advances side by side with the progress, of popular liberty. The United States are at this moment prodigiously wealthy: They contain over fifty millions of the busiest and most enterprising people on the face of the earth; and they are executing projects—like the Nicaragua Canal—of almost colossal magnitude. The American people, moreover, are both'a contented and a happy people. Fully realising the fact that the true democratic principle is the real secret of national security and well-being, they adhere to their system with a tenacity which not even a civil war would induce them to relax, lastly, there are the Australian colonies and the Canadian dominion, both of which offer striking instances of the close connection between the enlightened principles of pure liberalism and general wealth and happiness. The contrast presented to all this in countries still maintaining the despotic system is very marked. But enough has been stated to show the groundlessness of the CABLYLE philosophy, as applied to the actual concerns of civilised nations. IT would be interesting to know what Sir JOHN O'SHANASSY and his co- religionists think of the remarks which Mr SERVICE made at Maldon on Wednesday evening last on the education question.- The general opinion has been for some time past that the Opposition was not averse to conceding a little on this question to the priestly party, and that a sort of understanding had been come to between the two on the subject. Indeed, quite definite rumors have been afloat for the last month or two that this understanding was complete, and that only Ihe necessary pretext was waited for to give it vitality in the form of a no-confidence motion. In view of this belief, the rumors further said, Sir Jons O'SHANASSY had secured the adhesion of all his co-religionists in the Assembly to assist in the mine that was about to be sprung;and considerable faith was attached to this announcement by it remaining uncontradicted. Therecanbeno doubt that Sir JOHN OSllAKASSYandliis friends were quite confident they would soon be on the right track, from their own point of view, as two or three members on the Conservative side of the House had openly expressed themselves in favor of a Royal Commission being appointed to enquire into tlie workings of the Education Act; and, according to Sir JOHN O'SHANASSY and his co-religionists, tins is all they want, although everybody else knows this is not altogether consistent with fact, as something quite different is at the bottom of their movement. Bat two things would appear from Mr SERVICE'S deliverance at Maldon, namely, that all the rumors which hare been abroad on this matter during the last few weeks, have not been sound, and that there is no more chance of the priestly clique getting what they want, by leaning to the Conservative side, than thci-e is of tiie same end being obtained by appealing to the Ministerial party. Or else Mr SEEVICE is playing a < : lone hand," and is going to En land to make the running easier for his political friends; his own opinion being too distinct and unelastic to allow him to take any part in concessions of this nature. Time will show which is the .correct hypothesis; but meanwhile Sir JOHN O'SHANASSY and his friends must be greatly chagrined by Mr SERVICE'S declaration at Maldon, because it is so very direct, and so contrary to all their, expectations. Mr SERVICE not only declared himself strongly in favor of the Education Act, but he also warned the public from allowing it to be tampered with in the following precise and reassuring language:—" He thought he might say that the spirit of the age, and of the people of this couutiy, would take very good' care there was no in fringeiuent of the Education Act. The act aiight requiie'some amendment in details, but there must be no tampering with its spirit There was hardly a country in the world that was not now being agitated on this question; the priests _cr clergy on. the' one hand, beinjj desirous of having education in their hands, whilst the other partythe public—were determined that in matters of secular education they would allow no interference." -All this is veiy clear, liarring the side remark aHout amendment in details. Mr. SEKVICE believes strongly in "the system of education which prevails, and trusts that the people will not yield one inch towards the priestly claims during his absence. They certainly -will not, he may be sure, whether he should 'come back ag&iato.Vicfcoriaor; stay away from itfor ever. On this point there is not the least danger. But all the same, it "must greatly perplex Sir JOHN O'SHANASSY and his friends to hear a leading Conservative talk like this, because it must lie. quite different to what they hoped for, and a very serious" blow to anticipations of help from the Conservative quarter. The effect, however, of tliis deliverance at Maldon be of the best kind. It should alone convince the U1 tramontanes that there is not tiie ghost of . a chance f £hsir . design bang favorably met, but it should also prevent a Ministerial as -from being brought abont simply get the concession ponghfc, £uaee there evidently no chance now: of 'this tenest .being granted. This portion of r, SERVICE'S speech at Maldon is, refore, ® very welcome contribution ust now; rsad it is only to fee hoped that the same views anii&te; tfie whole of his party/ = , . : f-^' The proceedings, which'had been determined upon some tine, against Jama Newman, locomotive foreman of Ararat; who was. tire driver of the/goods train which ran into and injured a passenger train at the Beaufort 'station oa the 26tU ultimo, were commenced at the Beaufort Police Conrfc yesterday, before Mr Alley, P.M., and Mr J. Wotherspoon, J.F. Mr<X -A. Smytlie ,prose£u£ed for tlie Crown, Mr Sutherland (of the Crown Law Offices) instructing linn; and the accused was defended by ~ Messrs <3\. B. FinUyson and W. H- Gaunt, who were "instructed by Mr J. Hardy. The little courthouse at Beaufort was crowded dtiring tfceday; and the examinations, so far as made, lasted from ten o'clock a.m. till half-past four in t,iie afternoon. The proceedings were taken under the 31st section of the Criminal Law and Practice Statute; and the offence Newman was charged -with being considered a misdemeanor, he was allowed a chair on the floor of the court. Ten -witnesses were examined yesterday, and their evidence will be -found fully reported elsewhere in our' columns. The witnesses in the ease are very numerous; and these ten having been ex-: amincd, the further "hearing of the case was adjourned till ten a.m. to-day. Of course it is not possible yet to say what wfll be the course of the defence, but the cross-questioning of the counsel yesterday would lead to the supposition that the defence would show : that Newman did all in his power to arrest the train, but on the incline the weight of the train was so great that it moved the wheels of th&-engine forward, though the engine was "reversed." A petition to the Government is now in course of signature -by residents in the neighborhood of Kangaroo, praying that further iaipiiries may be made in the case of the man Goates, whose remains were foond in a shallow hole dnring the past week. It will be remembered that the coroner's juiy returned an open verdict—*'That there was no evidence to show how the deceased came by his death;" and it is considered that in the interests of jnstioe further inquiries should be made, not only with a view to find out the cause of death, if possible, but into the whole surroundings'of the case, as rumor, vith her hundred tongues, .is busy in the matter. Some time since the members of the legal profession practising in Ballarat forwarded to the hon. the Attorney- General a letter in reference to the desirability of having a resi- dent judge in this district, and a reply has now been received, stating the request cannot be granted. The following is a copy of the letter and the reply:—"To tiie honorable the Attorney-General, Melbourne. We, tiie undersigned members of the legal profession practising at Ballarat, would respectfully bring under your notice the many and serious inconveniences caused to the suitors in the courts at Ballarat and the Northwestern district in conscience of the numerous changes in the judges appointed to preside over the courts. During the year 1SS0, no less than five different judges presided at these courts, viz.:—Judges Hackett, Skinner, Cope, Nolan, and Smyth. And we would also take this^ opportunity of calling your attention to the great importance of this district, and the serious loss sustained and delay caused by reason of the judge residing out of the district. At the present time all urgent chamber business has either to be done through a Melbourne agent, which is the cause of considerable expense and delay, or the local counsel or practitioner'has to go to Melbourne to attend chambers, at great expense to the suitors, and the absence of the judge has rendered valueless the provisions of the Insolvency Statute in relation to debtors' summonses. W-e would therefore suggest the desirability of the judge being a resident in the district, and as Ballarat is now connected by railway with all the important towns in which he is required to sit, we trust that whoever may be acting as judge for this year will, for the convenience of suitors and the profession, reside at Ballarat or its immediate 'vicinity.'" " Crown Law Offices, .Melbourne, 21st Feb maty, 18SI. Gentlemen,—I am directed to acknowledge the receipt of your communication, dated the I7th instant, bringing under notice the inconvenience caused to Euitors in the courts at Ballarat in consequence of the numerous changes in the judges appointed to preside over the courts, .and urging the desirability of the judge being a resident in the district, and to inform you that the Minister of Justice has no opportunity, at present, of giving effect to your views.—I have, &c.;, B.-C. HisaraAi", Secretary to tlie Law Department" In a ccrtain milling locality there is an abandoned, or rather any number of abandoned shafts; and what is a\so no very unusual occurrence, a party of mine's formed an opinion that this particular shaft hr.d been too hastily abandoned; so they decided to give it a further trial. They were doubtless helped to this decision by the report that a 5-dwt nngget had been picked up on the edge of the aforesaid shaft, and after same trouble it (the shaft) was cleaned out, whim put up, and a drive put in for the gutter. Happy visions of nuggets, as per sample found, only bigger, floated before the minds of tile shareholders, andoaemore enthusiastic than the rest said one morning when a particularly encouraging sample of clay came up, that "he could smell it now." But alas for diggers' hopes, they struck the gutter all too soon, drove .across it, and found from the prospects they washed that it might reasonably be expected to go about a pennyweight to the acre—that, in fact, it wis. about the biggest dcffcrof agutterthey ever heard of —so tliey sorrowfully abandoned the claim, sold the p'ant, and hoped for better luck nest time; but it was like addiag insnlt to injorj' to hear that the nugget which had led them on to spend so mucu time and trouble T o\ er the worthless place had been carefully wrapped up in paper when found—that, in fact, it (the nugget) had only been found ou that particular mullock-heap because someone had been unfortunate enough to lose it thee. Moral: Beware of hearsay prospects. It may be of interest to the public to learn that the Bishop of Bathurst, New South Wales, who. will preach in Christ Church pro-Cathedral next Sunday mornipg, anil in St. Paul's Church, Ballarat East, in the evening, is a native of New South Wales, and the first ofispriug of the Australian colonies that has had the episcopal distinction conferred upon nini. He is about foriytwo years of age, an excellent and most popular, manager of his diocese, and one of the finest preachers on this side of the equato". His grandfather cause out fo Sydney about eighty years ago as second colonial chaplain, .under an appointment of the Imperial Government. He was vci-y successful with his ministrations amongst the prisoners: and he was equally successful in putting down the tyranny which the officials exerciscd over the convicts. He waa also the founder of the first mission amongst the New Zealandcrs. His descendant is a geutloaian of the same Liudly instincls; and wiwn to this fact H added hit ability as a preacher and Ids worth a bishop, everything is said that should be necessary to secure for him a crowded congregation both at Christ Gba.'cb and St. Paul's next Sunday morning and evening. We arc informed that some very eati factciy trials of Mitchell's rock drill haw bscii made lately at tlie Kxt^nded Cross Eeef mine at Stawc&. The stone is peculiarly hard, bat the dri'l neverthe'ebs bored a depth of 10 feet 3 inches in 45 minutes, which must be considered as very satisfactory indeed, Tiiorc particularly when bearing ill mind the fact that it took one of the Nat ional borers an hour and a quarter to accomplish the saine amount of work. The saving tif taljor will also be apparent, as with band-labor it would take fire men an eight-hour shift to accomplish the above amount 'of -wort. The Mitchell rock-borer is, we are informed, extensively nsnl in Sandhurst, and gives eraat satisfaction. " The directors of the New IvOliiair Company purchased one of the borers with compressor and plant complete on Wednesday; and it will be at wort in about fire weeks* time. The planet Venus is now visible from eleven a.m. until after nine p.m. It passes. the mciidua about three p.zzi. It is a beautiful telescopic object, as half its disc only is iUmmtsated; it. therefore appears like our moon when seven days old. This planet is now moving rapidly towards the carta, and is consequently getting brighter every -evening. Mais, Jupiter; and Saturn have practically left us for a short time, but in August next the last-named planet will be a glorious object "for the telcacopist, as the earth will then be elevated .20 deg. above the plans of the ring'as seal from Saturn; the Bontlicrn surface of the planet jaod ring being visible. At present the.earth is 15 deg. aboreihe plane of the ring. Venus wiU be occulted by the Eooonon the 3rd Mardi at 13h. lam. 3B., Greenwich mean time. The occaltation w21 be visible from latitude 38 deg. north to the {forth Pole. Amitraliim observer?" may on close^to the moon » southern limb. We received the following complimentary letter' last night htm the "Adelaide _ who recently visited Ballarat: —"To the Editor of Tlie Ballarat Courier. Sir^—The to or of the 'Adelaide Stragglers' being completed, I am requested on their behalf to thank you most heartily for the very enthusiastic reception' the people of Ballarat accorded to tbe teaaa.- The extreme disinterestedness aBdcongcnialurbamfy -displayed in devoting so much time and means of conveyance to the various sights in your district, calls for the most-u&feigned; thanks,, which the team desire xne to convey, wishing Ballarat every success. Yours, &c.; —J. N, HISES, captain. Melbourne, 24th February,.1S81." "We have been favored with the perusai of a letter from our old friend Mr Thomas: Cornish, addressed to Mr A. Lester, of Lester's hotel, and Judging from the communication, there is no question that the. writer is now, in London, possessed of the! same perseverance And vigor as ever. "Mr Cpmi8b has on hand a scheme for floating the Australian Gold and Estate Bank, the operations of -which will be to invest in; "mining lands in Victoria, and furnish firstclass machinery and appliances for more economically working the gold resources of the colony. Mr Cornish, we also ; ascertain by his letter, was about issuing a pamphlet on "Our Gold Supply; its effect on finance, trade and commerce, 1 ' which was to appear simultaneously with the prospectus of theGold and Estate Rink. Mr Goraish also writes of Mr Jas. Croyle (well known.at the Corner), as one of the most popular men on the London Stock Exchange after the late Peruvian bond affair; and adds that Mr Croyle has given strong support to the new bank. 31ie writer also hopes to be in Ballarat in a few months as the leading representative of the Gold end Estate Bank. A point which has lately been overlooked by the magistrates adjudicating on the Ballarat benches was raised yesterday morning, by Mr Akehmst, P.M., at the Town Police Court, inadebt case, in which theplaiutiffsued one of the Hurdsfield companies. Mr Akehurst declined to proceed with the case, as the plaintiff bad not brought forward any proof of the existence of such a company, and adjourned it till Monday, to allow the plaintiff time to do so. A correspondent writes r—" Some smart threshing was done yesterday at the Cog- bill's (Veek farm of Messrs Trewin and Son by Mr James' machine (Imperial), of the firm of Hart and James, when 2392 bushels of oats were put through within sixteen hours, or at the rate of 149J bushels per hour." A meeting of the Sebasfcopol Board of Advice was held on Wednesday evening. Present—Mr Whiteman (chairman), and Messrs Davidson, Gray, and Ellsworth. An apology was received from'Mr Hedges (correspondent), who was unavoidably absent. Mr Ellsworth agreed to take tile minutes. The routine business having been disposed of, it was decided to take into consideration the matters held over from last meeting in reference to the staff of the Sebastopol school. The following resolution was then agreed to—"That the department be requested to supply a male assistant for the Sebastopol school in the place of a female." The Bible Christian Churches conference resumed its sittings at Clunefi on Wednesday morning, when the stations were further considered and passed as follows:—Melbourne —W. EL Bosken and C. T. Molynenx. Mount Moriac—S. P. Webber. Castlemine— A-'Uglow. Ballarat—G. Netherwayand J. Teague. Camperdown—R. Down. Sandhurst—T. "J. Cory and J. C. Freeman. Maldon — W. Hides. Daylesford — W. H. Evans, dunes—W. Bettis. Elmore—F. Lockwood and W. E. Seccomb. Horsham — R. Wairen. Echuca — J. Ciienhall. Nhill—R. Yeo; one wanted. Shepparton —J. Orchard and J. Dean. Pimpinio—H. Yeo. Terrieks—A. Ditterich. Tlie secretary of the examining committee presented the report of the examination of tiie young men on probation. From the report it appeared that the young men passed very creditably, and some of them especially so. Tlie book steward's report was adopted, as was also the report of the chapel secretary, both of which weiie of a satisfactory character. A committee was then appointed to act with the committees of the various Methodist chorches to consider the subject of a more ccouomical working of the sp.v.-sely populated districts; also a deputation to attend and represent the Bible Christian Clu'i-ch at the next meeting of the Wcsleyao Conference. Virions other matters were attended to, and the meeting adjourned till Thursday. Mr John Little lastf evening entertained tlie member of his sociei3 _ class ill connection with the Lydiard Street Wesleyan Church. Tea was laid in the vestry of the church, and a very pleasant and eajoyp.ble evening was spent by all present. The meeting was somewhat of a farewell nature, as Mr Little, with his family, arc to leave in a short time on a visit to the old country. The members of the class took advantage of the occasion to present Mr Little with several valuable works, aad all joined in wishing 'aim and his family a safe and prosperous voyage. Spccial services were held in the Sebastopol Baptist Church oa Sunday last. The Rev. W. Clark preached to a good congregation in theaftercoon,aadMr PL Bel!, M.L.A., in the evening. On Tuesday evening a large company sat down to an excellent tea in the Sebastopol Free Library, Mr Si'Kenzie being t'fe caterer. There were many visitors from the Dawson street church. After tea a public meeting W3S held, presided over by Keir. W. Clark.. The Dawson Street Baptist Church choir rendered some choice selections of nitisic, which were highly appreciated by a crowded audience. Miss Morgan sang very sweetly "Angels ever bright and fair," Mr Cray playing the accompaniment. Mr Craygave "The lost chord," the accompaniment being undertaken by il'ss C. Stephens. The meeting „was addressed by Messrs 1L Bell, M.L.A., Larson, James, and Hughes. The collection having been made, and the benediction pmijouneed by the rev. chairman, a most successful and interesting ifl6?tU3gjras brought to a close. TTe Iiave received a bottle of a new relish iti, e.vofelient Savor and repnted health- provoVi-ig properties,! t is likely to command an extensive consumption. Its use with every me."! in which flesh meat forms a part is said to -JE most beneficial and. invigorating, and to ward off all sluggish feeling common after meals in hot or tropical cliniatcs. I.fr Cay, "of Ballarat, is the manufacturer of this new sauce.' We have received through Messrs Bright Brothers, and Co., of Melbourne, a copy of the almanac for 1831, as issued by Messrs Cowan and Co., the celebrated paper, maauf.-cinrcvs, of Scotland. The almanac is fiVgantly illuminated, and contains a p.'elty view of Loch Katrine in the centre. The following item appeared in yesterday's Po'ire Gozntlr-.—" Stolen from the dwelling of Daniel Anderson, 319 Start street, Ballarat, on the Mth instant, a pair of gold ea*-- ri'igfc. with fringe, emerald set ia one, aid out of the other; a mid brooch, with yeUow hair in; and a gold ii:;g, with some "of thestones out. Valre, £5 10s." Vie arc compelled to bold over a number of letters until to-morrow. The attendance at the Exhibition oil Wednesday w?s as follows:—By single tickets, 3GSS: seison tickct holilera. 01; miscellaneous, 1434\. Total, 51.SI. A strious accident (says the occurred at the ffob30ii's railway station vUl Wednesday nig'it, about half-past seven o'clock, to a you lady named Miss Polly Dean, residing at (ioldsoring teiraoc, Eathdowne street, Carlton, and wl'iich was nearly attended with fatal results. 'Miss Dean *vas standing on the Hawthorn platform, waiting for the arrival of tlie train, and unseeing it cuter the station went nearer to the edge of Uie platform. Just as the train was passing her hhe accidentally dropped her fan, and, without thinking, stooped down to pick it up. "While the was in the act of doing so- [jhc overbalanced herself, and was thrown oil to the buffer of one of the carriages. Everybody espected that sbe was crashed to -death, but she was fortunately thrown off the buffer of the carriage on to the coupling, and fell into ihe middle of the line, and the carriage merely passed Over her. As Goon ss the train was stopped a search was wade, and Mass Sean was found under the osn considerably injured, but perfectly seiai She was removed at once, to tbe Melbourne Hospital, where she was found to hare *astaifted two ngly ecalji wounds and acme ontfcs about the lace. Tin injuries, though, severe, ore not dacgeroUB. - The foilowing tet^gram from Bcifast appeared in yesterday 1 !) Argues-" A disastrous fin bu occurred amongst tbe selections at St. Helen's, ahou*^twenty miles from Bdfest The" houses of Mesons (Stewart, Fornsby>*nd MUellar, with the and grass, Iwve been totally destroyed-; A famer named Isaac Watte lost everyti'Wg but his boose, which, being built of stone. Would not ignite. His garden, bars, stacks of grain, and jrigs in the stye, ali went, aid now the property is a desolate min. Tbe selectors mentioned are entirely mined. The Minister of Bail ways (Bays iHw Age) tax given strict instructions that prisoners sex' not, riMiier any cvcnmsfemces, to be caried incarriages open to the public. If tberc are n<r compartments in which they on be isolated, they are to be sent hack to piisja until a vacant compartment can t» provided, so that the public will not be put ro airy inconvenience. The- following suggestios -is by the Melbourne correspondent of the Hximihon SperMtor. He ~ eayB :—^ Cole's circus is mopping up money at such a irate as to eug- , rest the idea of a travelling show tax. It las been mooted that a percentage of the ; nofits ought to be payable to the municipal lodies in the places visited. These big showB certainly take away a» .tremendous lot of money and spend very Mr 3. B- Sfcaihorpe (says the Sydney oor-. respondent of the Argus) has telegraphed to his solicitor, saying that hia brother has refused to give Uhn any information regarding the alleged relics or account of his movements. His statement is therefore doubted: NoUdng is known of Sknthorpe since leaving BlaekaU- A revival of the -revolver maasa (says the Telegraph) appears imminent. William Matthews, a stockrider, produced one during a row in one of the main thoroughfares of Melbourne early on Wednesday fiuraing and, was locked tip. Hie appeared before the city court bench subsequently, but was allowed to go about his business, as it appeared that the revolver was perfectly worthies for use, although Matthews j>ad been induced to tmy it by representations of its shooting capabilities. Mr Cases (says the Arg»«y though willing to stand for Maldon as requested by the Beform League, makes it a condition that his expenses shall be paid, and a definite decision has therefore yet to be arrived at. If any additional proof (says the Gtdong Advertiser) were needed of the progress Australian aboriginals arc making towards the highest state of civilisation, it would be found in tbe following, which is a copy of an advertisement in the last issue of the Border Wnich-.—"Corroboree. On Saturday evening next, at seven o'clock, the Mount Gambier blacks will hold a grand corroboree on the showgrounds. Admission, 8d." The Mooroopna correspondent of the Argus writes:—" A company has been formed here, to be called the Co-operative Farmers' Union," with a capital of £10,000, to assist the farmers to do away with middlemen in their transactions. Tt is proposed to erect a building at the railwaystation, to cost £3090. The prospectus is oat, and the leading people of the district are on the list of directors.. There are 2090 shares, .at £5each. A-Iarge number, of shares have already bgen taken up. Wheat is coming down in large quantities. Ihe highest price is 3s Sd. Hie following bush-fines are reported by the Telegraph:—"Serpentine, Wednesday.—A g-eat fire is raging at Salisbury West. Mess 's Hack's, Walker's, Boyd's, Kennedy's, Jenkins, Parker's, Hubbard's, Tmpey's, O.ri, Holmes, WVeigh, and Irvmg's holdings are, more or less, destroyed. Many miles of good fencing have been'burnt. The change in tlie weather from excesiavT heat to cold stayed its progress. The supposed cause is setting fi-ie to scrub to bum ont rabbits. Inglewood, Wednesday.—A very -extensive fire ha; oeem red in the parish of Salisbury West, about seven miles from here. The scrub lias been ou fire in places for weeks, set alight, it is thought, for the purpose of destroying rabbits. But yesterday the fire got cat into the open timber, and overran, iomt ten or a dozen selections, destroying large quantities of grass and miles of fencing. No buildings or stock were reported as lost, but the damage is very considerable." By the will of the late Sir George Atherden three deserving charities (says tbe Sydney correspondent of the Argus) have become recipients of £44107 6a lid each. These are the Prince Alfred Hospital, tlie Deaf and Dumb Institution, and the Itaudwick Asylum. Mr Alexander Wilson's address to theelectors of the Western Province, will be found published in our advertising columns to-day, Mr W. Graham will address the qualified electors of the Ballarat Mining Board for the Buninyong division, at the Half-way "House, Mount Clear, this evening, at six o'clock, and will afterwards interview the holders of miners' rights, at the council chambers, Buninyong, at eight o'clock. Mr James Eddj*, a candidate for the Ballarat Mining Board, the election for which takes place to-morrow, will address the holders of miners' rights at the Alfred Hall this evening. Mr Eddy was one of the miners' representatives at the same board some years since. We are rrajaestcd to draw tlie attention of competitors at the ensuing St. Patrick's Day sports, to the alteration in the distances for the Cup race, to 100, 290, and 440 yards. Nominations are therefore extended to Itii March. An advertisement appears in another column, notifying, officially that the old bridge at CoghiU's Creek, being unsafe, has been closed against traffic. Dr Nolan has been appointed Government vaccinator for the districts of Illabarook, liokewood Junction, Corindhap, and Hokewood. The Academy of Music will re-open tomorrow evening, when Mr Browne, aided by a number of-ladies and gentlemen of good repute in the theatrical world, will produce a dramatic performance. The bill of fare will consist of "Phoenix," in which Mr Browne will sustain the parts of Koyal Keene (a Bohemian) and Dick Bahtone (a detective). This piece is of the sensational type, and abounds in incidents of considerable interest and attraction. •- With new scenery and effects, and. an excellent company, -there should'be an enjoyable performance at the Academy of Music to-morrow evening. The Misses May Leigh, Helen Vivian, Lixzie Broclie, May Vivian, and Carrie Wallace are included in the company. A succession of attractive dramas will be produced during the stay of the company in Ballarat, aiid it is hoped that a good share of public patronage will be accorded. Cole's circus, which has just terminated such a successful season in Melbourne, will arrive in Ballarat on Thursday next, and pevf»rra in the afternoon and evening at the Uoya! Saxon paddock. A procession of elephants, lions (in cages), horses, actors, &e.;, will parade the principal streets, commencing at ten o'clock, in the afternoon the doors will be open at one o'clock, aud the circus portion of the entertainment win commence at two o'clock, thus' giving an hour for inspection of the menagerie; and in the evening the doors will be open at seven o'clock, and til.' performance will start an hour later. The great electric light will burn b:>1 if day and night. Parents are spsciallj; invited to brin^ their children to see tbe "street parade. It will cost them nothing, and will afford a'great deal of amusement. Ti>e"L.O.L. Alexamiut, No. 3, will meet at he Societies' Hal! this evening, at eight o'clock. The Prince Albert Lodg?, I.O.G.T., win mect.tbiii evening, to consider the desirability of altering the nights of meeting to Fridays .nd Wednesdays, Tlie monthly meeting of the Ballarat Anglers' Aesociati'in will take placc at the Union hotel tbi« evening, at eight o'clock. A special meeting of tiie committee of the Mincis' Association will he held at the- office this evening at seven o'clock. 