THE STORY-TELLER WOMEN ARESTRANCE.' By F. W. ROBINSON, APTHOB. Of "etSAHDSTOTHKK'S MONUT," 44 POOR ZBFH," ETC. CHAPTER X. the colonel's confession. I am not surprised at your talent for the stage,' began the Geionel. 4 Your mother was an actress.' My mother J' exclaimed Clara Darrell. My own mother — and you nave not told me this before.' 4 You were only fifteen when I left England,' he continued, 4 and you were too young to know the story which your aunts and I were only too anxious to keep from y otf, and which tre did keep from you rigorously, religiously.' For what reason? Was my mother— ' Bad ! Yes, God forgive me, very bad,' said the Colonel; solemnly, 4 and she nearly broke my heart.1 4 But you forgave her before she died, I hope, and— and she was very, very sorry. Oh 1 wasn't she ? Say that,' implored the girl, now terribly shaken by the revelation. 4 1 have not forgiven her, and she has never asked my forgiveness,' replied the Colonel. 4 1 do not think she is dead. 4 Not dead i' cried Clara. 4 My mother living ? Where ?' 4 God knows where, was the answer. 4 1 don't. . And with whom is she ? Can you tell me that? she inquired, in a husky whisper. 4 1 cannot tell you anything more, Clara,' Biid the Colonel. 4 1 have not cared to ask about her.' Her life has no interest for me, and lies apart from mine.' 4 Dreadful,' whispered Clara Darrell to her self. 4 You do not wonder, Clara, why I hate the stage and all belonging to it ?' T3 No,' she murmured. 4 1 understand, I think. 4 It was the ruin of my happiness. I believed,' he added, after a pause, 4 that your mother would settle down, give up the artificial life she was pursuing, be content with a quiet home and faithful husband ; in fact, devote her life to me and you. See the bitter end of all my hopes, Clara, and the shadows which you cast on me again.' 4 No, no, not I i' she cried. 4 You mustn't say that.' You love this man better than me,' he said. 4 life faoinates you, and is a part of your own. You cannot give him up, your tastes,- pursuits, ambitions, are in common. He is everything to you, and I am nothing.' 4 My love for him does not weaken my affection for my father,' she replied. 4 Ah, then you do love him?' said the Colonel, quickly, 4 Yes,' she confessed. 4 It was notjpossible to forget him— all at once.' 4 And yet you are ready to devote your life t.n imp- Ynn have said that.' he reminded her. ' If you wish it, yes,' she said, extending her hand to him again. 4 Gladdening my life at last,' be continued. Taking the place of her who deserted me, forgetting by degrees your poor romance, and letting the stage world sink away. You are prepared for all this V ' If you wish it,' she repeated, once more, yes.' The fair head was bowed very low; the picture which he drew for her was cold and grey in tone, and the world which she was asked to qui had been a very happy one, brightened as it had been by a remarkable jsucoess. But if he wished it. Yes. 4 You make it my wish rather than ypur own,' he muttered. 4 You do not come freely to the life I offer you, Clara. You hardly trust mc ; yon know so little of me.' "Was it a reproach in her turn which escaped :the trembling lips of the daughter? 4 You do not give me time, she murmured. 4 Time for what ? . 4 Time to think what is best !' The Colonel did not answer this; he sat with his forehead deeply farrowed, and an expression of grave doubt upon his face. Did lie know what was really best for her ? Was lie not requiring from her all the sacrifice, all £he self- abnegation, all the loss, and offering lier nothing but a quiet home with him? And" he was right, too, in his 'accusation. After all she knew so little of him ; he was aio part and parcel of her world. . He had epent his life away from her. isuaaeniy ne rose to m» ieet ana laid ms hand upon hers for a moment wiiii a kin-iiv pressure. 'Take your time, child,' he ruid He went out of the room, out of the hotel, and walked the f utllehgth of the Embankment tfith the thoughtful, puzzled look which had oome to Mai with his daughter's final words. He vkoughtbe knew what was best for her. He hoped she would see what was best for herself when he returned ; but he was hardly confident in his own wisdom, tte. was vacillating now— he who had always prided himself upon his strength of mind and inflexi bility of will. He had been very firm and hard, God knows, once upon a time, but the result was failure, and a wife stealing away from home and child and him.- He should not like it said again that he had been too firm, and knew nothing of women's hearts and thoughts, and that in his own oonceit he had marred his daughter's life. Bat him take time himself, and think the matter out to fair conclusion — if he could I it tfi CHAPTER XI. Sot alone in the woeld. Not having quite thought out his programme, or given his daughter time to think out hers, or not exactly knowing what to think, Colonel Darrell turned from the Embankment into the busy Strand. He would proceed home leisurely; the solution of the difficulty which perplexed him was in Clara Darrell's hands rather than Iiib own. After all it was what she wished, and he was very helpless in the matter when he came to reflect on all the complications of the posi tion. He had returned to And the child he Had left behind a woman with a will of her own — and that will was difficult to compre hend. His gloomy pre-occupied looks attracted some attention in .the busy thoroughfare which he had chosen for his return journey. In his young days he had been called 4 Hand some Darrell,' and it was a fine faee still, though lined and weather-beaten, at which people glanced, wondering what troubled it. More than one pedestrian recognised him ; the actors were abroad in the sunshine that morning, and one or two who had been at Mrs. MaoAlister's 4 At Home' had not for gotten his behaviour there, and nudged each other as they passed him. A lady and gentleman walking very rapidly in the opposite direction, also atoms of the dramatic world, were surprised at the sight j of him, the lady exclaiming — j 4 Why, here's the- dear old Colonel coming. I I must ask him about Clara. I'm dying to know .how she is.' 4 1 wouldn't, Miss Westminster, I really wouldn't, said Mr. March, who was her escort ; 4 we shall know all from Harvey Grange.' 4 Oh ! but I shall,' said Miss Westminster, decisively; 4 you need not stop without you like.' 4 And I don't like,' said little March ; 4 he bas reduced the rsceipts of m.y theatre, he has no respect for true genius, he thinks there's only one Colonel in the world, the puppy. Good morning, Miss Westminster.' 4 Oh ! good morning to you.' Mr. March passed Colonel Darrell, who did not, or would not see him, but looked straight over his head, as if totally unconscious of a UJoil 1 uUU iv tt AO vllij XklvvY Westminster, with an amazing confidence born of much burlesque, and though she did not care to acknowledge it to the elite, of a preliminary music-hall training, which had not done her any harm, who held out her hand to the officer as if she had known bim all her life. 4 Good- day, Colonel Darrell. How is Clara?' Colonel Darrell had been really very deep in thought, and oblivious of those who passed him, and he quite jumped up at Miss West minster's sudden address before he raised his hat Blowly and formally, and then, out of politeness, took the little gloved hand which had been offered him, regarding her sihiling, cheerful countenance with an unreciprocal gravity. 4 My daughter is not very well, thank you, he replied. 'Not very well? Oh! I'm so sorry,' ex claimed Kitty. 4 What's the matter with her? You'll excuse my rude questions, but I like Clara, and I know she will be as grampy off the stage as I should be. She will positively fret herself to death. Besides, people && missing her already. Have you seen the Electric EelV 4 No, madam — I have not seen the 44 Electric Eel.'" r 4 Ah ! well, get a copy for Clara,' she said. 4 And you are staying at De Keyser'e, I'm toid,' she remarked. 4 May I ask who told you ?' 4 Mrs. MacAlister/ 4 Upon my honour, it's very extraordinary toe facility with which your class acquires information,' said the Colonel, reddening with indignation. 4 Mr. Grange was not slow to find my daughter out.' 4 Mrs. MacAlister told him, too,' wa8 the reply. 4 She's a wonderful woman, and knows everything, and yet never seems to be trying to know. May I come and see Clara now ? Would you mind very much letting me walk back with you ? I am sure she is very dull and wretched.' 4 Being with a man calculated to make a woman dull and wretched,' added Colonel Darrell. 4 Oh ! I don't mean that.' 4 Ah !' said the Colonel sadly, 4 but I do. 4 Then she is unhappy. I knew she would be, I was sure of it,' said Kitty Westminster with excitement. 4 The change from the theatre to me is very great, and has depressed her,' said the Colonel. 4 That I expected. But she will recover soon ; she loves her father, thank God.' 4 Aud she loves the stage, too, and how will you keep her off that? Besides, what a shame it will be ! she cried. 4 Why, we want more people who can act, and fewer of those who can't, and we cannot spare Clara Galveston, who is one in a hundred thousand of us. May I come and see her now ?' 4 Not for the world. 4 Why not ?' asked Kitty. 4 Can't you trust me ? Don't you trust anybody ?' Colonel «Darrell winced. Was this the clue to ranch of his unhappinese — past and present — to others' unbpppiness, too ? 4 Miss Darrell is too unwell to see anybody,' he said, without replying to all Miss West- nrrster's questions ; 4 and you'll excuse inc.' 4 Oh ! I'll i xcute yon, Colonel, for you can't keep me away long,' she said ; ; and you have a daughter no more likely to forget me than the public jto forget her. Why, look over there just under the blue shepherd in a yellow wig, 1 ; and that's me, you know. 44 Last weekof Miss , i Gtelreston/' Lookat tHe size o! |hat poster, ' and be grateful for a ttieVer chfld. Goba day, j ind my loVe td Clara.' , . , ; She tripped away without shaking hands , trith him again, but with a pleasant smile and a little defiant nod, as if not very much afraid of him for all his woeful and unsympathetic I Countenance. He raised his hat and proceeded | qn his way, glad that the interview was over, 1 and the instant afterwards . disposed to be | sorry, as he might have asked a few questions ; ih his turn of that inquisitive lady, and I learned the real truth of Clara Darrell's life. 1 j He Walked back more rapidly to the hotel j flow. The stage life was close to him yet ; fie stage faces were thick about him still, and Clara was not safe within a stone's throw of them all. She was surrounded by them, not qway from them, and yet he had promised hot to take her back to a home of which she as really afraid. He entered the hotel and Went upstairs. He passed into his room, and tjtien stood close to . the door transfixed with astonishment. i Two tall. . thin-visaged ladies, not unlike ! Himself in features, sat one on each side of the : are, very prim and self- possessed. They had set aside their bonnets, smoothed their bands of thin grey hair, and were waiting for his return with much placidity —two sisters tho roughly at home already. ; He looked wildly round him, but there was no sign of Clara Darrell. CHAPTER XII. the maiden aunts. Clara Darrell was no longer an inmate of the hotel on the Embankment, we may say at onee. Always quick to act, in the interim between her father's last leave-taking and his return she had taken French-leave her self, inEtead of that time to consider which he had kindly offered her. She was afraid that in her father's estimation she would for ever remain a heartless and ungrateful child, but in a few words, hastily written in pencil, she had attempted to explain, and this note of explanation she had left in an envelope upon the table of the sitting-room. It had become necessary to make up her mind in five minutes, and she had done so. The cruel, ! hateful past was suddenly very close upon I Ker, and she must succumb at onee, or at all hazaifls escape from it. The letter ran thus : — 4 My poor, dear Dad, — I grieve to think what you will think of me. But I cannot stop an instant longer — I, dare not. From the window of our room I have seen approaching those who shadowed all my youth, and whose want of sympathy and love for me would assuredly bring about again all the old mistakes. I escape from them, for your sake as well eb my own. They are in London — not in Derbyshire — and I am desperately afraid of them. Of my own free will, I will meet them no more. Good bye. Forgive and forget your loving daughter, CLaba Darrell. 4 P.S. — I shall never, never marry without your free consent. I do not go away to him When Colonel Darrell had started for his waix on tne jsmoanxment, lie naa leit nis daughter to solve a great problem for herself, and she had seen him go in all good faith. There was no thought of flight from him till, looking sadly down upon the busy life with- out, the figures of her two aunts rose up like | ghosts before her — two sour and Puritanic women with whose real devoutness there had always mingled a terrible want of considera tion, of charity, of fair allowance for other mortals' weakness, even other mortals' faith when it took a different degree of shape and tone from theirs ; in a word, the Darrell pride in its most objectionable form, and the im pulsive girl spread her wings and flew away from it. There was only just time ; they had come cautiously across the road from Queen Vic toria street, and, iifdeed, were planted at two separate lamp- posts, in the middle of the road now, calmly vigilant, and taking grove pre cautions for their own protection from passing vehicles, by refusing to move until perfect safety could be absolutely guaranteed. Clara Darrell had seen them ; the police man endeavouring to convince them that they were not in danger of their lives bad attracted her attention first, and she sprang to her feet full of fear and animation. -4 They are in London, then ! My father knew it, and it has all been arranged,' were hep first thoughts ; then she rang the bell and issued rapidly her instructions to the servant who responded to her summons. ' 4 Two ladies will inquire for the Colonel in a few minutes : please show them into the room and ask them to wait. Their brother, Colonel Darrell, will not be very long. If if, she said more hesitatingly, they should ask for me, I have gone out for a few moments. 4 Yes, ma'am.' Exit the servant, and then Clara Darrell dashed off her little note, with her watchful eyes on the two spinsters' clinging to the, t bronze posts round the lamps in the middle of the road, and still terribly , uncertain if it were safe to make a second start. And after her letter was written, and not without some bright tears falling, exit Clara Darrell into her own room, and out of her own room, almost immediately, equipped for walking. . ' Aunts and niece passed each other on opposite sides of the,. way, even, but the" aunts were very short-sighted,, had carts and omnibuses on. their minds, and Clara knew of their infirmities pretty well. It was these two ladies whom Colonel Dar rell found in his private sitting-room instead of his daughter, and at whom iie stared and almost frowned. Indeed, his general greeting was altogether remarkable for its discourtesy. 4 Why, what the devil brings youlfcwo here ?' lie exclaimed, after a glance round for hie "missing child. 4 1 didn't write for you to come — I didn't want you — you would have seen me in plenty of time.' 4 Yes, Leonard,' said the elder sister, ealm and unmoved at the excited outburst of her brother. 4 but we were anxious concerning | yon. we Knew you wouiu ne vry much 1 alone in London, ac-d Ssllna theughfc our 1 companionship mighc be of service io you.' ! 4 Aud we could all fhreo go, down L Derby. ; shire so r.iceiy together,1 added me other . sister. j | Colonel Darieli looked from oat to the " other, received a kiss from each of them iu 1 „ ( the exact centre of his forehead, and e&id; ferpffly; : ; i > - ; f : 4 How is Sbfina?' ; 4 Pretty well, so far as her afflictions will ailow/ answered the elder sister ; 4 not always as resigned as one should be to the calamities of life, but — pretty well.' 4 And you two?' Both answered at onee in the same dry key, and precisely in the same words. 4 We are very well, thank you, Leonard- — ! very well indeed;' I am veiy glad to hear it,' answered the Colonel, absently, and looking round the room again a little nervously. 4 What did you say -you cams up for? Ob,yes- — I re- ' member — to go down with me to Derbyshire ; but I have not made up my mind to go down yet awhile.' 4 There is no occasion for haste,1 was the reply of one sister ; 4 everything is just as you left it at Maversby, and Selina is at home.' 4 Thank you, Rebecca — yes — exactly. Have you seen Clara ?' asked he suddenly. 1 Clara !' both exclaimed in one breath again, 1 is she ' 4 Yes, she is. Of course she is,' he said in terrupting them, after his old quick fashion of cutting short the remarks of other folk. 4 You didn't think I was going to leave her to the world, and such a world', without an effort to get her back again ? I had no quarrel with, her, no grievance, like you Women. I only knew how dear she was to me, and the only one lett. 1 Surely we are left to you, Leonard,' was Rebecca Darrell's mild reproach. 4 Yes, and you haven't left me long alone, have you ? I wonder what made me tell you in my letter to what hotel I was going,' he said, thoughtfully and ungraciously ; 4 you have spoiled everything — you have changed the whole business — you have goosed it, by God.' And on to his feet sprang the Colonel, and round the room be went with his old strides, a hasty, choleric man, with not much respect for his sisters' feelings, and with a terrible certainty growing upon him that all his plans were crumbling rapidly to dost. As he revolved round the table, with the cold grey eyes of his -sisters following him, he caught sight of the note, stopped and made a snatch at it. 4 This will explain,' he said. He tore open the envelope, drew out the paper within it, and read the lines which Clara Lad scrawled. The Colonel's face grew very troubled as he read.- He was deeply wounded, deeply 'moved; for there were some wonderfully soft spots jh this soldier's heart, and the sisters watched him morq anxionsly than their calm looks be trayed. This was a crisis— how would it end for them ? This man they loved, and were prepared to make many sacrifices for, in order to keep him from the temptations of the world ; bat they knew of his awful pride, his ungovernable temper, his deplorable self- conceit, as well of the many virtues which as a Darrell, and a Derbyshire Darrell. he was bound to possess. He had his faults, poor Leonard! Probably every man had- his fAVllfci it- m mni mAnniUIn XL i a, uno , ik is ju.cu jjucdiuxc ocu fciiavi- LLltiy were faulty in some minor points themselves. They could not remember when they had been in the wrong, or had not acted for the right, even for the true and best, but then they were hardly justified in being their own judges in the matter. In all humility, certainly not. The Colonel drew a chair before the fire, and sat down with the letter in his hands. 4 My dear Leonard,' began the elder sister, 4 if Clara ' 4 Silence, Martha, and read that,' he said. Reading that was something of a trouble on the spur of the moment, and with a gold- mounted pair of glasses to find, and open and clean with a cambric handkerchief, and then drop on the carpet and pick up again ; but the Colonel waited more patiently tban might have been expected. When his sister had read it, not without emotion either, although the thin lips were compressed very tightly to conceal it, he said, 4 Give it to Rebecca and Rebecca also troubled with glasses of the same pattern to find and clean, received the letter, and eventually mastered the contents. 4 1 found her,' said the Colonel, 4 and brought her here. We were thinking of a home together, we two — when you came and spoilt it all.' 4 You would not have been happy. There is no stability in Clara, poor child,' said Rebecca. 4 Poor child,' exdboed Martha, 4 no.' 4 And you have driven her away. Upon my soul, I feel to-dav I hate the couple of you,' cried the Colonel. Rebecca and Martha Darrell raised their hands in protest, elevated their grey eyebrows, and exchanged commiserating glances with- esch other, but they did not answer him. They remembered his temper of old days, and knew how much better it had always been to let the storm spend its fury but unchecked. It saved them contumely, it saved Leonard indulging in profane language, it was a quicker way of coming to the point, and the old plan was successful in this instance. He became suddenly silent again ; presently he held out a hand to each of them. 4 You must not mind my raving. I have been bitterly disappointed,' he said. 4 1 should be glad to know all about Clara now, if you do not object very much/ replied Rebecca Darrell. 4 How she must have hated the lot of you !' remarked the Golonel absently. 4 How you must have ineacked at her, worried her, thrown every petty obstacle in her way! She was very young/ said Martha in self- defence a| this ; 4 we were anxious to train her steps alight ; we did not think she would have rebelled against, the authority which you gave us to'- , , 4 Yes, yes, that will do/ said the Colonel ; ' I don't -want to hear any more about it. I see it all, I understand/ 4 There was the fear of the fate of her mother/ began Martha afresh, when once more the Colonel stopped her, this time with so stern a look that an awkward followed. 4 1 will tell you about Clan/ he said after a pause ; then he added with a little-sigh, and, par parenthesis, ' I wonder where die has gone no|7, poor girl/ We will follow her steps for ourselves, and leave the Goloiu.1, wondering for awhile. ' (TO EX CON'IIXUEi>-l 