FROM EXILE. I Paris, 3rd. September, 1879. (A Mother speaks.) An, dear God; when will it be day ? I oannot sleep, I oannot pray. Tossing, I watoh tho silent stars Moant np from the horizon barB : Orion with hio flaming sword, Proud ohioitiin of the glorious horde ; Auriga np the lofty aroh Pursuing still hia stately maroh— So patient and so calm are they. ' Ab, dear God I when will it be day? —Oh Mary, mother 1 Hark 1 I heor A oook orow through the silonoe olear 1 The dawn's faint orimson atreaka the east. And, afar off, I oatoh the least Low murmur of the oily's stir As she shakes off tho dreams of her I Liet 1 there's a sound of hurrying feet Far down below me in the street. Thank God I the weary night is paBt ? The morning oomes— 'tis day at last. Wako, Bosal iel Awake ; arise 1 Tho Bun is nn. it rrildn tho .b;.. She does not stir. The young sleep sound -Aa dead men in their graves profound. Ho, Rosalie 1 Afloat ? Now haste 1 To-duy there is no time to waste. Bring me fresh writer. Braid my hair. Hand me the glass. Onoe I was fair As thon nr». Now I look so old It Beems my death-knell should be lolled. III? No 1 (I want no wine.) So pale P Like a white ghost, bo wan und frail ? Well, that's not strange'. Ail night I lay Waiting and watobicg for the day. Bat — there 1 I'll drink it; it may make My cheeks burn brigbtor for his sake Who oomes to-day. My boy 1 my boy 1 How oan I bear the unwonted joy ? ? I, who for eight long years bave'wept While happier mothera Bmiiing slept; While others deoked their sons first-born For dance, or fete, or bridal morn ; Or proudly smiled to see ih^m stand The stateliest pillars ol the land I— For he, so gallant aud so gay, As young and debonair aa they, My bonmilul, brave boy, my life, Went down in the unequal strife 1 Tho right or wrong? Oh, what oare I? * The good God judgoth up on high. And now Ho gives him baok to me I ? J — tremble so — I scarce oan seo. Hqw full tbe streets are 1 I will wait His coming here beside this gate, From whioh I watohed bim as he went Fight years og o, to banishment. I will sit down. Speak, Rosalie, when You Bee a band of stalwart men, With one fair boy among them— one .. A With bright hair shining in the sun, * Red, smiling lips, and eager eyes, Blue as tbe blue of summer skieB. My boy! my boy! Why come they not ? Oh Son of God! hast Thou, forgot Thy Mother's agony t Yet she. Was she riot stronger far than we, Wg common mothers P Could she know From her far heights such pain and woe ?— Run further down the street, and see If they're not coming, Rosalie. Mother of Christ I how-lag the hours 1 What ? just beyond the convent towers, And coming straight this way? ' Oh heart, Be still and strong, and bear thy part, Thy new part bravely. Hark 1 I hear Above the city's hum the near, Slow tread of marohing feet ; I see— Nay, I can nof Bee, Rosalie-— Your eyes are younger. Is he there, My Antoine, with his sunny hair ? It is like gold ; it shines in the sun ; Surely you Bee' it? What? Not one— Not one bright head P All old, old men, Grey-haired, grey-bearded; gaunt ? Then \- — then He has not come— he is ill, or dead I Oh God, that I were in thy stead !J My son I my son ! Who touches me ?- Your pardon, sir. I am not she For whom you look. Go farther on Ere yet tho daylight.shall be gone.; 'Mother I' Who calls me 'mother?' You? You are not he — my Antoine. You Are a grey-bearded man, and he ? Is a mere boy. You mistake me For some one else. I'm sorry, sir. God bless you ! Soon you will find her For whom you seek. But I — ah I I — ? Still must I call (tnd none reply ? Y ou — kiss me ? Antoine ? Oh, my son I Thou art mine own, my banished one 1 — Harper' Monthly. Genius of Ore Sort — Successful business people- (saya M. K. D. In the ledger) nre born, not taught. Their genius' is as individual as that of a painter or a soulptor, a poet or a musiolan. Give this kind of man five pounds to start with, and you will find him prosperous and comfortable in 'an Incredibly short period of time, and that without having been dishoneBt or a miser. That money must be made' by meanneBB or dishonesty is only a solf-comforfcing fallaoy which people who have not the power of tRKlng tne tide whioh leads on to fortune at its turn, like to take to their hearts. When yoa have been oheated, it is ten to one that it w*e by some unluoky person who would probably hav. been more honest had he been richer. Oh, yes, it is actual genius — this power of making a shilling double itself, when in the hands of moat men it would diminish like the 'jolly sixpence' of the old drinking song. How many people have been ' set up In business' by their friends and failod ; while one poor yonng woman rose penniless from her pillow one morning, took the last of her flotir and sugar and made a batch of little sweet oakes before the children, who were to be. her oustomers, were ready for school, and -so laid the foundation for one of the largest confectionery manufactories in the world. And a poor little fellow, who had not the use ot his limbs, beelnnine with a fn» paperB, gradually built up a great publishing- ' house. I do not toll these anecdotes because I believe that everybody can make money who tries to do so. Foonomy and hard work will' not do itj although they will do much. It is the powor of seizing upon chances as they coins; of calculating results; of refraining from dangerous speculations and entering, into advantageous ones ; it is in being neither over bold nor cowardly. In fact, It is some thing nobody cin learn, any more than he could, learn to compose Bsethoven'a musio, or paint Corroggio's piotures, or writa Shakspeara'e plays. Some good men have the power, and so have some bad men, Boma refined persons, some coarse persons. And. assuredly these who have it ehoiild rejoice ; and let those who have it not refrain from sneering at it. I never do. AwBiTERoncelestlalchomlstry, in the latest number of the Edinburgh Review, discusses Mr. Norman Lockyer's theory ot the evolu tion of the stars based upon the classification of their colours proposed by the Roman astronomer, Secqhi, just before his death, nearly three years ago. By means of the spectroscope, Secohi separated the stars. into four classes ;- First, those shlnlug with a white or bluish light ; second, yellow stars; third, stars of a reddish tut, with a peculiar columnar speotrum ; and fourth, blood-red stars. Mr. Lockyer thinks that these classes represent shcocsslve steps of progress in stellar existenoe from vigour to deosy, the whitest and brightest stars being presumably the hottest and the youngest, while the reddost are the coolest and the oldest. This theory is criticised on' many grounds, and reference is made -to the change of colour in Sirlus, the dog-star, as disposing of the view that a rosy tint indicates stellar decadenc. It that view were correot, Sirlus ought now to be ruddier than in anoient times ; whereas there, is clear historical evidence that this star, whioh is now brilliantly whito, was redder . than ' the planet Marij only two-' thousand years ago, ' . ' 