ACADEMY OF MUSIC. MR FAXRGLO (JGITS HAMLET. The Messrs Hollo way, the enterprising lessees of the Academy ot Music continue to provide most attractive fare for playgoers, and their "Pomeroy" REASON being closed they immediately opened with Mr EOFITIIROYD Fairclougb, a very clever and able that sj>eaks of histrionic talent of no ordinary calibre. The opening jsiece for the season was part of numberless phases, a better selection for opening piece could not have been made. To spe of Mr rairdough's {*-rformance as a whole, it was an exceedingly well sustained and consistent impersonation, the elocutionary talent displayed being of rare excellence. The text was handled with judicious tare, and intent to eix rather in the way of subdued expression than by declamation, " bile *&n; air of naturalness pervaded the perninancc from the opening ejaculation of the irought-racked prince, "A little more than kin, and les3 than kiud," to the pregnant phrase, "The melancholy is _ 0 of HIS father, and horror at the readv transfer uf her affection made by his mother to his father's brother and when be is the perturbed son warned in most MYSTERIOUS maimer of thai FATHER'S MUI«ler, and sworn to avenge him. The former was a dulled melancholy, but out OF the latter stale would ever and anon burst such Sashes of poLent flame as showed the smouldering tires of nnwhetted vengeance. His Ixavioar on the approach of the apparition, and bearing in th< churchyard, where the ghost delivers his horrible tale, was very NATNM^ and the interest of the scene was evenly sustained, want of space will cot allow of our following from scene to scene the actor of Saturday night, though agreeable and acceptable was his reading of the part of the Prince of Denmark, that that course would recall many very ple&sant; recollections of an excellent performance; aud it must content that this too brief notice deals with the more prominent parts of a very prominent character. In the dialogue with Polonius and the immediately following conversation WITH Roseucrantz aud Guiidendress beginning—" Speak the speech I pray | you" was given in a most eloquent style, and with 1 ;o#d effect, but while it evidently was deemed by i h (factor essential to bis part, it was not allowed to usurp ; a prominence beyond that properly attaching to it as one of the numberless gems of spe eel I. The soliloquy *' To be or not to be," was also kept well within the lines of the character, and though in the' opening phrases it was wanting in force, and the actor reads the "sea of troubles" a "eiege of troubles, n it was given with such careful and graceful elocution that whether the reading what one thought the best or not, it was "admirable. In the inter view Hamlet lias with the Queen, Mr Fairclough played with an intensity and wrre that made the scene a telling one, and the scenes with Ophelia were not lacking in interest. The concluding es of the piece were as good as those already inced. Mr Fairclough, though almost word perfect, omitted the part of the soliloquy— " My tables, my tables—meet it is I set it down!"- to the end of the soliloquy, and also a por tion of the aphorisms Uaialet speaks in th " Gravediggers' scene," but these omissions were caused by other cues being taken up too quietly. Mr Fairclough received such a cordial reception in making his appearance, that the action of . the play was- momentarily stopped, while in dumb he thanked the amdience, and so highly was his reading of his part appreciated that he was recalled at tbe close of each act, to b loudly applauded, and occasionally " bouqnetted." The remainder of the cast was AS follows:— Ghost of Hamlet's father, Mr W. J. Holloway; Laertes, Mr Herbert Hemming; Clondius, King of Denmark, Mr F. Forbes; Polonius, Mr G. P. Carey Horatio, Mr Neil O'Brien; Rosencrantz, Mr EL. B. Boothman; Guildenstern, Mr G. R, Melville; Marcell us, JLR Edwards: Hornardo, Mr Geo. Marshall; 1st Actor, Mr lleritert; 2nd Actor, Mr J. Hay- Wood; 1st Grare-digger, Mr G. P. Carey; 2nd Grave-digger, Mr j)eurwyn; Osric, MissC. Deorwyn. Francisco, Mr Fashley; Ophelia, Miss Alice Deorwyn; Queen of Denmark, Miss Marian Melville; actress, Miss Essie JENYKS. Miss Alice DEORWYN made a very pretty Ophelia, and played so well in the mad scene that a deserved recall followed. Mr Hollo way's Ghost WAS more like Hyperion" than the ghost generally is, and his voice was admirably suited to the part. Jlr Flemming, MR O'Brien, and Mr Carey are worthy of special mention for their several performances The actors, with one or two exceptions were most effectively dressed, notably the Misses Deorwyn and Mr Flemming. To-night ** A New WAY to Pay Old Debts" will be played, Mr Fairclough impersonating Sir Giles Overreach. 