BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK T, "R T T "R "R.. Among the most delightful as well as in structive of tha ancient nursery rhymes, is the story of a little woman " who went to the market her eggs for to sell," but, being fati gued, she fell asleep by the wayside, when a villainous pedlar by the name of Stout, taking a despicable advantage of her unprotected position, cut off such a portion of her under garments, that when she woke, she was in doubt as to her own personality, and had to rely upon her little dog's tail to establish the fact of her identity. The moral of this admirable allegory is found in the case of Theophilus Youngs, to which I make slight reference a couple of weeks ago. Theophilus Youngs was married to a wife ; now I don't mention this as an exceptional case, for many other fellows had married wives before him ; in fact, I don't know that I ever heard of a man marrying amthing else but a wife ; but Theophilus' caBe was exceptional. Of all the entities and non entities on this planet, Mrs. Youngs was the individual of which Mr. Youngs stood' most in fear; so one day, ahout twelve years ago Theophi lus vanished from sight, and four days after, his cold " corpus" was picked up, floating in Boston harbour. Twelve honest citizens sat on the body, and although it was evident that the chemical action of the salt water had turned his hair from a dirty brown to a bright and shining red, they pro nounced it a case of felo de se, and so consigned him to the earth. The widow donned crape, and put a killing little frill in front of her hat, as a standing advertisement that Mr* Youngs, having now departed, the property was open to a new lease. Aside from this, there was a little matter of estate belonging to Theophilus,' valued at $20,000, upon which the tearful widow Y. desired to administrate, ajid applied for letters accordingly ; but there was a lion in the path in the shape of a wicked brother, who wished to gain possession of his brother's ducats by producing a bill of sale, executed before his brother disappeared, and which, if true, left the widow out in the cold, and, moreover, he claimed that his brother was not only not dead, but, on the contrary, very much alive, and, if given time by the court, he would produce him in propriapersonce, which being liberally interpreted, means body and boots. They went on with the usual amount of hard swearing on both sides, and just in the nick of time, when the widow seemed on the point of winning her case, to the great horror and surprise of everybody iu the court, in walked the man who had been dead and buried over twelve long years. Now, if there had been any legitimate ground for doubting his demise, hia sudden appear ance would not have been so surprising, but there was not. The coroner said he was dead, the jury said he was dead, the undertaker was certain that he was dead as several door nails, while the grave-digger roundly asserted that nothing shortof Gabriel's horn would ever disturb his repose. In addition to the above testimony, in the ceme teiy roBe a tombstone recording the virtues of the deceased, and stating the fact that he had departed this sublunary sphere October 7th, 1868, aged 32 years, 6 months, and 17 days. Under those circumstances, for him to appear in court, and that in opposition to his wife, was not only startling but indecent, and it is not at all surprising that Mrs. Youngs refused to acknowledge such a disreputable ghost. She swore by the big book that she had never seen him before, while witnesses on the other side as stoutly averred that he was the veritable Theophilus. Threats of indictment for perjury, and other other high crimes began to fly around, and in the midst of the fight Theophilus disappeared for the second time, and now is gone no man knoweth whither, ,and the question is now being seriously de bated " if he was'nt a ghost after all." The present is the choice season of Art exhibitions/ and the display of holiday goods is something marvellous. It is not a doll or two, or a few bundles of toys, that will now satisfy the public, but the windows of some of our large stores are. fixed up at a cost of hundreds and in some cases thousands of dollars. The most elaborate landscapes, mag nificent drawing-room scenes from fashionable life, are represented. The furniture although in miniature, is as fine in its upholstery and finish, as if it was made for a lady's bouidor, and the costumes as far as beauty and style are concerned might have been designed by Worth, or somebody equally famous. Our Metropolitan Museum in Central Park is one of the places in the city to which every visitor here should make a pilgrimage. It is in just such institutions as th's that the true education of a people is formed. While the statuary may not be the finest that ever came from the sculptor's ehisel, there are many things that challenge the highest admiration. Khenhart's " Latona and her children" is a noble work. Everything that is beautiful and pure in .motherhood and infancy is enshrined in that glorious marble. The sweet look of maternal solicitude and love, and the peaceful calm and trust of the little sleepers in her lap, may perhaps have been equalled, but I doubt if it has ever been surpassed. Two statues by Powers, two by Storey, and Polexina by Con nelly, are worthy of especial attention. The history of Mr. Connelly illustrates the possi bilitiea of our American life. Having a taste for the fine arts, he lost no opportunity for improvement; and after years of trial, his reward came at last, and to-day his P.ilexina finds a resting place in the grandest museum of American art on the continent. Many of the collections have been wonderfully impro ved since I noticed the Museum three years ago. Then it occupied its old quarters on Fourteenth Street, and the Cyprian collection of Gen. Cesnola was exciting a great and un usual interest. This marvellous exhibition is no less wonderful than it was the day it was opened. Made up of the oldest jewels and curiosities which now exist on the face of the earth, it never seems to grow old. The collection of Ceramics is especially interest ing, many of the articles being very beautiful and unique. Among the Cyprian jewels, are a number of little rolls or amulets, some of them about an inch long ; the substance of I which they are composed is a dark agate, and they are covered all over with hieroglyphics. The characters are the oldest known to the human family. Yet the gloom of this long night has been pierced by human genius, and these mimic histories have been unravelled— laid bare after mouldering in the dust of ages. The Metropolitan Art Museum is the only place in New York where the art sindents can study some work of the great masters. In aid of this portion of the exhibition the citizens of New York have nobly assisted with what is known as the loan collection; that is, pri vate individuals having choice ptctures loan them for a time to the public. This keeps the gallery constantly replenished with new pictures, while the valuable pictures of the permanent collection are always welcome friends. It is in the vicinity of this building that the Obelisk is to reared, and the inclined plane up which it is to be carried, and the immense derrick upon which it is to be swung into its Dlaee, are already in position awaiting the arrival of Her Imperial Highness's Needle, which is coming along slowly, and I confess for myself I shall not feel perfectly easy till I see it fixed in its place. A few weeks ago the Board of Foreign Mis sions made appropriations for the benefit of the heathen, the amount, if I remember right, was up among the hundreds of thousands ; the Jews and the Catholics not being forgotten in the pious benefaction. One bitter day last week, while the thermometer was only a j few degrees above zero, I saw a wretched little I girl, bare-footed and bare-legged, with scarcely rags enough, on her body to cover her naked ness, actually perishing in the streets. Fine ladies went by, glorious in seal-skin sacques and camel's hair shawls, but not one of them cast a look, except of disgust, on their rag ged and starring sister. At last, a good Samaritan came along, and taking her into a shop, he put a good pair of shoes and stockings on her, gave her a loaf of bread, and sent her on her way rejoicing. While such heathens as these are with us by thou sands, no need to hunt for them in Africa or the Islands of tha Sea. Let the Jews and the Catholics work out their own salvation, and look to the temporal salvation of those who need a loaf of bread and a scuttle of coal more than they do a moral tract or a religious discourse. 