THE STORY OF A LIFE. CHAPTER XXXII. A QUIET LWE. I cu. it a quiet life, thoutgh no man's life can be a quiet one unless he be a hermit, and een the severest recluse must have his restless- moments. I call it a quiet life, in contradistinction to those early days of trouble and locomotion, in its difference to my life at Stonyfield and Harbourford. I call thatperiod between my marriage and the present a quiet life because it has been disturbed by comparatively few tempests, because its incidents are commonplace, be cause, in comparison with most lives, it has been a quiet, happy time. Not but what there have been shadows on the path and winters succeeding the sum mers, winters with death in them, and tears that have almost frozen in the well springs of affection. The first few months of my married life were as near an approach to elysium as can well be imagined. Look ing back now, and forgetting for the moment my experience, judging for ex ample, as an outsider might judge of her character, I should not have been surprised if Esther had turned out to be anything but a wise and clever wife. So confiding, so triasting, so self- denying, one might have been pardoned for thinking she would lack the spirit necessary to successful household management and wifely firmness. But it was not so. There existed beneath Esther's uiet, affectionate, happy manner a firm will, a rare spirit This indeed was shown in her leaving-home at Lindford to take that situation at Lady Somerfield's; also in her encounter with Howard and his aunt when I played the spy; also in her courageous marriage of a man who could only offer her his hand and heart. Her noble, womanly, truthful nature was tried and proved in many ways during those early months of our marriage. My constant companion and friend, she encouraged me in my labour, did her best to share my studies, and always gave me hier liveliest sympathy. No man could have worked harder or more successfully in so short a time. My name was constantly before the public, and yet I found time for occasional mornings in that painting-room, and also for a visit now and then to my father at Stonyfield, who came to see us twice, and spent two Sundays with us, a proud and happy man, changed in heart and feeling, though the hard, exacting nature would make itself seen and felt on occasions. My marriage with Estlher was conditional upon a certain arrangement with Barbara, who invested Esther's money in the com mercial establishment of a relative. My wife objected to the transaction as soon as she know of it, aind begged me at all Ihazards to relieve myself from the responsibility of it. The Spaniards have a proverb which holds that " a woman's counsel is no great thing; but lie that does not take it is a fool." The Italians say, "women are wise off-hand, but fools on reflection." I cer tainly believe women have some special in stinct which inspires them with prophetic vision in the interests of those whom they love. It has always come truoe in my case that if I did not listen to the first counsels of my wife I invariably made a mistake. It was so in this business scheme of Barbara Wilton's. One morning I found myself in volved in liabilities which threatened to sweep away not only all I possessed, but to mortgage my future to a very serious extent. I had journeys to and fro between Lindford and London, visits to Fleet boroughl, angry altercations with Miss Wil ton, remonstrances from her mother, inter views with lawyers, was served with pro cesses and writs, and worried almost into as thin and white a personage as the living sheleton who made so much mischief be tween the show- girl and her father, in a novel which my wife especially treasures. This trouble came at a most unfortunate time for my wife, a short time witlhin the first year of our marriage, and it culminated in a catastrophe which we aire neither of us likely to forget. During my absence at the office, a sheriff's officer called at Dromfield Road, and some cruel and uijustifiable speech of his fell so heavily upon my wife's spirits that wheni I reached home it was to find her dangerotsly ill. Days of agony and miserable suspense followed, atnd a week afterwards there was a little coffin in the spare bedroom--a little coflin, I saiy, and I say it with a grateful hleart to Gond that He spared the one most important life. That was a dark time; but we got over it. The case of the commercial collapse was not so bad as it seemed. It took all my ready cash, and brought out my first novel. A London house consented to pay me partly in advance for any important work whlichl I chose to engage myself to them for, and the whole sum agreed uipon immediately it was completed. I gave up all the money I possessed, engaged to pay other sums at intervals, got a release from further respon sibility, and saw my way clear to entire re lief within three years. Inow I worked I I wonder at myself niow, when I think of what I achieved in a few months. There was another sad interval in the fol lowing year (" whent sorrows come, they come not in single spies, but in battalions"), which involved thie death of my father. They found him in his easy-chair with the Athenian Magazine open at my last article, just as hlie had sat doswn to read after tea. It was mauny hours before the housekeeper discovered that lie was dead; there was so much happy repose in his fitco, "as if he was enjoying his book," sllo said. A sweet and quiet end for one so warped anid lihard in earlier years. Peace to his manes He was buried beside my mother. The old church-bells moanoted out a solemnly beauti ful requiem. We stood by the little parlour window, my wife and I, and heard their muffled chiming long aifter the funeral was over. It was a bright Iautumnt day. Thes sun shone on the two shambling old trees that looked over at us fromt anu adjoitning yard. The wind rambled through their withered leaves and carried the dirgeclike t music of tile bees about writhl it, as if a burdened with a sad, said message. A few brown leaves lhurried to and fro in the street in a wchird dance of death, to the mneasuroe of tihe bells; but the sunshine told of the oesurrcction to come. h It sounds so like tle huckstering hob. to peoeak at once of the dead man's ribh?es, as if one spoke with the funeral-bell in one's ear; but I write of days that are gone, I write as a man who regards death as simply the penalty of life, and I write of one who died at a ripe old age in his easy-chair apparently without pain-as if he had gone off in a pleasant dream. My father died worth twenty thousand pounds, and I was his heir-at-law, even if he did not, as he did, will his property to me. Five thousand pounds went to pay for . Barbara :Vilton's speculation and my folly, and I vowed not to touch the remaining fifteen until mylabours and the interest had made- up the total sum again. My wife encouraged me in this resolve, and many times during the six years which elapsed before I succeeded in carrying out my vow her wise counsels and self- denial prevented me from breaking down; but I laboured on successfully, purchased the Lindford Herald, and wrote for my very life, not only for that paper, but for others; more particularly I wrote for that famous house which in the dark days had encouraged me by a cheque in advance for my first: novel. My books were fairly successful; but there was far more certainty about that income from invested capital than there was about the money I earned in the hard and thorny paths of literature. I question if I could have continued to make a good income out of my pen had I been compnelled to go on writing for a living. In later years after I had painted for six months in tihe studio of one of our most eminent landszape-painters I earned money by my p:ctures. In eight years at Bromfield-road we had four children. That first little one which we lost; ayearafterwardsBessie; two years after that Tom; and in the sixth vear of our marriage Cissy was born. Emmy Wilton was a constant visitor and a source of great comfort to Esther, who frequently invited her to come and live with us, hut always without avail. I thinkEmmys' pride brooded over those magnificent arrangements which she had talked of in the past, and because all her own cactles had come to the ground she could not bring herself to have apartments in one of ours. She remained for many years in charge of Dr. Sharpes' family, and continued to hold herself spiritedly aloof from Miss Priscilla, who finally retired from her school-keeping on a small income, never having favoured us with a call, though she did condescend to write me a very impertinent letter on my marriage, thanking me for introducing clandestine marriagesinto the Wilton family. MIrs. Nixon left the country to join a real or imaginary husband abroad, and my wife made an arrangement by slightly increasing the small income accruing from his own property whereby Old Mitching got a quiet home in the house of a widow's family. When we left Lindford lie was as happy as his wandering wits would permit; and one day hlie assured m e lhe had seen Mrs. Mitching and she was really coming home "very soon-very soon." We left Lindford in the ninth year of our marriage and selected Hallow for our resi dence in this way:--The Herald had become a flourishing and powerful provincial organ and a good property. My literary engage ments in London had largely increased, and I lhau sundry fair commissions for pictures, although I had up to that time been rejected for three years running at the academy. I had resolved to take a partner in the Herald, give him full control of the property, relinquish some of my more pressing work in town, and find some plleasant country house for quiet work and dignified repose. I lhad to meet the gentleman who was anxious to give me four thousand pounds and take half a share in the Herald at Gloucester, where he had fallen ill on his way to Lindford; and the time being sumumer I thought the journey should be a pleasant blending of business and pleasure, so I sent a couple of horses and a smallopen carriage, which I had kept only during that year, to Bermingham by train, and deter mined to drive through Warwickslire, Wor cestgrshire, and Gloucestershire. It proved a delightful tour, and I made a few useful studies by the way. One day we stopped at Hallow, and there saw the pretty old manor house vacant and wanting a tenant. We all fell in love with it, including Bess, who was old enough and good enough to accompany us on our journey; and eventu ally I took it on a repairing lease for twenty years, with the right to purchase at a given sum within the term. Two years after our removal to Hallow my second book appeared, and the most successful book that I lhaid yet published, More Worlds than One, a work somewhat of the Bridgeowater Treatise class, though far below that standard, came out three months afterwards. In the next year the wise men of the academy accepted two out of six pictures, and that was the height of imy ambition. I remember what a happy day it was when Esther accompanied me to the private view and we stood before those two works by Christophler Kenrick, one of them that very "leafy lane in June" through whlichl we walked from church on our wedding-day; and I also can never forget what a miserable night it was afterwanrds. Does the patient reader remember that the face of a man who put his coat over the cab-whoeel to protect my wife's dress when we went to Drury Lane during our honey mooe struck me as strangely familiar ? I often think that was one of those unexplain. able forecasts of the future which "thrust us from our stools " and makl us think more seriously with Hamlet about the other things of heitciven and earth which philosophy dreams not of. It could not have been the man who years afterwards and on this very night of the private view stood by our carriage (it was my own carriage then), shielded the wet wheel with his coat- sleeves, lifted out little Bess and Tom, and then looked up at me and showed me (the Lord have mercy on him ) the face of Tom Folgate. My wife did not notice him. I hurried her and the children on before me, alnd just as they were in the vestibule under charge of my servant I nran back, caught the outcast by the arm, and said " Tom Folgate I " Ido looked at me vaguely for a moment, and then, with a cry of horror, as if he had seen a ghost, he rushed away. " Police i " I cried; "seize that man." An oflicer did so. "On what charge," he said. "On no charge. I wish to speakl with him." "Let me go," said the man. "If the gentleman has to charge to make," said the officer. " I have none," I said; "but I am very anxious to speak with him, and he wishes to avoid me." "Don't holler police under them cireum stances again, sir," said the officer. "I will not," I said, tipping him half-a crown. " Under them other circumstsnces holler as long as you like, and as often," he said, and we parted. " Tom," I said, " in heaven's name, can I do anything for you ? " " No; nobodly can do anything. I like to be what I am, to do what I am doing-it is my punishment," he said. "Can I do anything for her?" I said, significantly. S" For whom?" "For that woman-for Mrs. Mitching ? " o"If you like to go over to America, have her body dug up, embalm it, and bring it over here to be buried with the old man, you can do that," he said. "Dead!" "Died of drink in a lodging-house." "Poor woman ! " I said. And the tears came fast and thick into my eves when I remembered what she was when I knew her at Lindford. "Aye, poor woman ! I pitied her; but I pitied that old man at Lindford much more when I stool by his grave a month ago. I know what a brute I am, and I shall live to know it-live to be old and grey, and still live and know and feel that I am a sort of walking hell. There, let me go; I'm glad I've seen you, and seen you prosperous. You are the only human being I ever loved." " Don't go, don't Tom," I said, detaining him, as he strove to leave me. "I must," he said, pulling away from me roughly. "By the Lord you shall not! " I said, seizing his collar and pinning him up against a pillar of one of the piazzas. " Damme, you're strong," he said. "Well, what do you want ? " " To help you." " How ? " "To give you money, and a chance of reformation." "Reformation 1 Bosh I " "It is not too late, Tom; it is never too late to mend. Try with all your might. Don't you remember when you were a fine, handsome young fellow at Lindford, with bright prospects? Don't you remember what happy, pleasant walks we had-our boating excursions, our pleasant evenings ? Some of that old brightness may still come back again. Some of it, Tom, a gleam or two-" "Don't, don't," said Tom, his voice trembling. "And even Emmy," I said, in a softer tone; "you might ask her forgiveness, and be forgiven." "No, no; damn it, Kenrick, let me go !" and this time he rushed away; and f stood alone in wonder and amazement. This incident spoiled our enjoyment of the play. We talked about nothing else during the night. I prepared an advertise ment and inserted it in the Times, imploring " Tom F. to let his old friend C. Ki. have his address; " but he never responded, and so the even tenor of our lifo went on. We made friends with the Hallow people, and Mrs. Kenrick, in her own quiet way, gradually made the influence of the family felt, not only in the village, but in the sur rounding neighborhood. \Vhen poor Mrs. WYilton died, which she did at the advanced age of eighty-nine, the announcement in the county papers of her relationship to us, brought us such an array of calls of con dolence as would have been accorded to few county families. At the funeral, which took place at Fleetborough, Mrs. Kenrick and myself met the whole family. There was Priscilla, Barbara, the drunken brother who had reformed and become a temper ance lecturer, and Emmy. It was a strange scene when the will was read. We as sembled in that very parlour where Esther and I had our wedding breakfast, and my mind was full of those past days. Although she was gone to her long rest, I could see Mrs. Wilton sitting in her chair, and com plaining that the wedding was not en rigle. I could hear her mal apropos remark about weddings, christenings, and funerals; and I was called out of a still more extensive retrospect which brought in Mitching's party, by the lawyer's announcement of a hundred pounds legacy to my wife. Esther's was the first name mentioned, and every body seemed to breathe more freely when it was found there was to be no favoritism in that direction. What an odd group it was James Wilton, the once drunken brother, sat near the window. He was a solemn-looking man, with pimples on his nose, andti a bald head. He occupied himself by putting on and pulling off a pair of black cloth gloves, and occasionally whiskling his handkerchief at flies that settled upon his coat. Miss Priscilla sat upon the little sofa. There was very little change in her appearance at first sight; but she lhad grown thinner and more acrid in her manner. Her nose was shatrper than heretofore, as also was her chin. Her lips were as hard and firm as ever. She wore false curls, and a large profusion of black crape. Barbara sat on the right of the lawyer at the table, and made frequent snappish remarks, though she did not look at all snappish. Indeed, she had grown red and fat and matronly, more like a widow of forty-five on the look out for a second husbandthanaspinsterwith strange notions about marriage, and very selfish plans for her own comfort. Poor Emmy looked like a faded gentlewoman who had been disappointed in life; but there was still sufficient in her manner and appearauce to attract and charm-the black sparkling eye, luxuriant hair, in long curls, escaping from her bonnet, red lips, sloping shoulders, and though her dress concealed them, she had of course still those same pretty tripping feet which had first made an impression upon Tom Folgate. Poor Emmy, it was a hard Ifs for her-a life of disappointed spinsterhood. She would have made the man she loved a faithful, highl-spirited wife; but whenever she spoke about the past she always congratulated herself that she was not Mrs. Folgate. Her cheek reddened, and her eye lit up for a moment with all the blushing anticipation of a young girl, nevertheless, when I told her that I had seen him. I often wondered if it would be possible for a woman to forgive a man that crime whibch Tom had committed, marry him, and live together for the rest of their lives with some share of happiness. It was found that nearlyall Mrs. Wilton's money had been frittered away; but the re formed son got two hundred pounds, Bar bara five hundred, Pricilla five hundred, Emmy three hundred, and my wife one, which I afterwards sent to Emmy with another hundred to make up a sum equal to that left to her other two spinster sisters. Several letters passed and a serious inter view before I could get Emmy to accept this little present; and it was not until I consented to let her will it to my son Tom that she would give way. No, my friend, I have not forgotten the actress. If I have not mentioned her in the order of events it is on account of a feeling that I would reserve this note about her as a closing one. Moreover you will find her specially mentioned in those last extracts from my diary which I am collecting for the next chapter. Miss Julia Belmont married Cator Manners, and sent us cards. She did not invite myself or Mrs. Kenrick to the wedding; but we made a journey to London in due course for the purpose of calling upon them. They had a house in Brook-street, and lived in good style. The lady was as merry and lively as any lady could be; and it was charming to see her kissing Esther and crying over her. Crying, I say, though the tears were few and the crying of very short duration. We rallied each other with mutual mirth, and Mrs. Manners confessed before her husband that she was really in love with me once upon a time, though she did not care a button for me now. " Do you remember when we acted a passion and I made love in earnest? Ah, ah, ah ! Tell him even eow that I would rather share His lowliest lot-walk by his side an outcast Work forhim, beg with him--live upoen the light Of one kind smile from him, then wear the crown The Bourbon lost. " Do you remember, you haughty, wicked Claude Melnotte ? And now-ah, ah, ah ! -upon my word, I like Beauseant amaz ingly, and would not change him for all the gardeners' sons or princes in Europe, would I, Cater? " The lady's laugh fairly rung through the house, and set the piano murmuring. "No, you are the best creature in all the world," said Cater. "You shall call me Beauseant, Iago, Othello, or anything you like." "Yes, but you must take care to be neither the one nor the other, for you'll find no Desdemona or Amelia in me, Cator." Mrs. Manners insisted that we should stay to dinner. "Don't be afraid, you will not interfere with professional arrangements; we are not acting now. Cator has taken the King's Theatre, and is coming out himself as Hamlet---ah, ah, ah !-it will be very funny. He has condescended to ask me to play the Queen. I have promised to give his offer my most serious consideration." We dined and spent a merry evening, Mrs. Manners taking us to the opera at nine o'clock, and at twelve insisting upon giving us oysters in a dozen different ways, with stout and chablis; and "just a nice cup, which Cater makes capitally, to finish up with." Mrs. Manners visited us several times at Hallow, and astonished the neighbourhood with what they regarded as fast London manners; but seeing that although I was a gentleman I was also a painter and an author, and therefore tainted with Bohe mianism as they fancied, I was to be excused for hlaving a few queer visitors. Some of the county ladies felt annoyed occasionally when they met strange, noisy guests at my table, who talked about actors and actresses, and having to be at their offices occasionally at midnight; but there was one person who dined with us when the Hen. Slumkey Skiddins, two county magistrates, and a parson were present, that nearly cost me my exalted position amongst the visited residents of Hallowshire. The visitor was a man, thank goodness I He came unex pectedly, and only two hours before dinner. Even had I felt inclined to snub him, which I did not, I would rather have fallen from that giddy height which gave my family the entrie to the county coteries than be unkind to Abel Crockford. During my residence at Lindford and Hallow I had had many letters from him queer, wandering opistles-in which he told me he had had some art lessons from a painter of eminence, and was getting on well; and I had sent him a commission through a local printseller whom I had known at Harbourford to paint several pic tures, which, by the way, were but poor daubs. This had spurred him on however, and presently it was found that he really could paint, and did paint. One day that same printseller bought the imaginary Velasquez for two hundred pounds; and this was a great help to the poor man, who thereupon went to London, got into the studio of my friend Cross, the animal painter, and after three months of hard work there came trudging down to me, leav ing his wife at a hotel in the county town, whence I insisted upon sending my carriage for her. He brought two really good pic tures-landscapes, with sheep and cattle in the foreground-and I introduced him to my county friends at dinner as " Mr. Abel Crociford, an artist, who had dropped in by accident, and who insists upon apologising because he has left his dress clothes at the hotel." When the wine had freely circulated Abel would talk, and he talked so badly-he had such a powerful dialect-that the Hen. Slumkey Skiddins looked at his three satel. lites a strange look, and they all left early. My wife said I ought not to have asked Abel to dinner, it was not right to ask gentlemen to meet a person in his posi tion. " I did not ask them to meet him, he was here by accident; moreover, he is a painter -art levels all ranks," I said, grandly. Mrs. Konrick had her own opinion, and I believe she took occasion to smooth the difficulty over when next she mot the Hen. Mrs. Slkiddins, by saying that Mr. Kenrick hlad the oddest viritor the other day when the Hon. Mr. Skiddins dined at Hallow a most eccentric person, who accidentally found himself in the neighbourhood, an exceedingly odd person, a great artist though, and a friend she believed, of Lord Northallerton. I lnow Mrs. Kenriclk said iomething of the kind, though she did not mention it to me: it came out accidentally one night through Skiddins, and I found that the mention of Lord NorthaUllerton had had a wonderful effect upon him. It wars certainly a clever stroke ofpolicy to mention his lordship, and more especially as poor Abel had only referred to the nobleman as frequently visiting the studio of my friend Cross. "It is only for the sake of the children," said Mrs. Kenrick, when I rallied her upon it. " Do you think I care for the Hon 3Irs. Skiddins, or anyone else except for you and the children ?" "I don't think you do, Esther, my dear," Isaid, "though I thought you liked to be driving about with Lady Somerfi-ld, when she did us the honour to spend two days with us." I have given you a brief outline of our married life, and that monetary difficulty. The Folgate incident, and our going into mourning several times, are not sutficiently beyond the common run of occurrences to take these latter years out of the category of what may be called a quiet life. THE END. 