Our Paris Letter. (From our own Correspondent.) July 30. The French now possess the nest to unlimit ed right of public meeting; ho -v do they exercise it? The rational section of the people ignore the boon, view the privilege with the most profound indifference. Not so the communists and socialists, that for brevity's as well as truth's sake, ought to be called Nihilists. For them the unlimited permission to spout is like aiaiHia in the desert. Algeria, Tunisia, and commercial treaties, are three vital questions at present for Frenchmen. For the last, not the ghost of a popular interest is exhibited ; for the first two, cniy the Communists display concern, since they have just held a public meeting of 1,500 persons at Montjiartie. Proceedings opened as usual by a general freefight ; then defiled the orators and oratrie?, so well known to citizens, and viewed as indifferent, as the Pont Neuf. Not one of th« speakers alluded to either Algeria or Tunisia, save parenthetically : they debited their cuckoo diatribes against societv, proof that their stock of eloquence is limite ^ while naturally fluent from a.,parrot power of repetition. Th< sa amateuts of a single song denounced capital to be the >cjtiige of the period, and the middle cia-ses the common enemy of mankind, meriting extermination like all noxious veimin. C:tiz -us of the future ought to have no nationality, and a cosmopolitan tariff ought t-> leguiate the standard of wages, and from which there should be no depmtme. Neither the public nor the government pay the slightest attention to such nou-ense. anC that indifference constitutes the sound progress iu the political manners of the country. Some general rain has put an end to our epidemic-drought. The death rate was becoming alarming, and the general feeling j was gradually coming round to consider the; dead only as happy. As there are people who could botanize on a mother's grave,- so there were speculators to bring out a jouruni. " The End of the World," summarizing the evidence, that something had goue wrong in the wiuding up of our planet, and that at any moment the cataclysm might beexpected. For obvious reasons, subscriptions were not acceded ; no thought for tho moriov,- was to be taken. The journal fixed the 15 November as annihilation day, the only point rea.iers disagreed with the Mercier of iSSl. Freed from the Sabaraian, as previously fiom the Siberian, temperature, we are still in preseuce of s ' deficient supply of water. And ye'- tho • Seine is not markedly low, sine'j 'he riv-t i boats p'y still; but the Companies that { farm the seme and uai.ans.se to vmrrv it* vint«_j. aid l for natives, ru-c iMieauai to u-e ta>f. 1 \ t become a- more important cloaca maxima. It may not- be generally known r that the on y water used by the bakers is that vv*l!-i it a lone makes the doujh best "li®--*, 'h inks, to its greater richness in impurities, the »>flispring of infiltrations. ' " - v- Iu the time of Roqueplan, some thirty : years ag-i, to leave Paris for.a chane^ of residence was considered equivalent u> expatriation. At present all who ban, fly from city -for the country during the suui/ner ; '. not an author, not a dram?t T st. but<i vii r''-Hfi~ his books and his plays, under green t;ms or in the kio que of hisgaidm ; the suburbs ' thnspiodnce the intellectual food, as well as fruit and vegetables for the metropolis. M, Gambetta after presiding, at the Chamber, holts like a school boy'^r a hoiidny to hi* villa residence a ville d' Avray, n^ar Versailles, where he shuts himself up like a "Yappist in the former home of B ilzac. The novelist, a rather corpulent individual, ha'' a craze for numerous small rooms; G.-ur beta's constant labor is to knock half a do^n of them into one. Tourists have di-covere l that it is useless knocking at the door of hi? villa, the will never be let in ; the villagers complain of this, as it keeps a-vay customers ; they only revenge they can take i-\ to diarce 'lis housekeeper three hundred per cent, dearer for any necessaries of life the pro. prietor .if Jardies may require. r l hosf? who cannot go to the country make it come to them in the form of window garden?, v. hero scarlet runr.ers, sweetpea and hop?, accomplish the deception. Cit'ze OS with legs but meagre purses, vend their V,MJ to the fortifications on Sundays and or. Vu® buried up slopes, in the scorching-, de«ert military zoue. can sea green fields and hil!4 in the distance, and sniff the zephyrs cor.iins? from the B lis ae Boulizne. There U n. positive lunaia io cacapo oor*n !* yppok fr^i*i the capita', and it is not above the mark tit say, one-fourth of the population migrates to the suburbs <>n Sunda s. One hundred years ago no such passion existed. In th-; seventeenth centu'y Paris had no outskirts; the country round was owned by the aris- tocracy whose parks allowed of no middlo class resident. It required the Revo'ution to break up the monopo y, and permit society to indulge its Rousseau sentiment fur nature, by fin.Jin^' in every oak a brother. It wa? Paul de Kock's novels that half a century ago induced the ~boi polloi t) seek pleasure in picture excursions in the BOH de B luiogne and Vincennes; asses were theu t ie favorite mode of locom >t:on, and if haopy couples strayed in the words, their fiisnds bari often to organise a "battue to discover them. After deKock came a school "f landscape painters—C.irol, Daubigny wh > surprised Parisians by revelations of tsquisiie sceuery almost at. their doors. 