Lumley's Pardner. BY S.R. BROCKTON. I HAVE forgotten the name he brought with him from the States, for nobody here ever called him anything else but 'Lumley's Pardner.' We miners have a familiar knack of re- christening, and a name onca altered sticks to a man as long as be sticks to the mine*; so, even after Luraley had thrown up hit claim and left the diggings, a good three years ago, Lumley's Pardner still remained, a finger- post to trace the distance back. After all, John Jones, or Lumley's Pardner, what mattered it, in that doubtful tide of immigration setting in toward the wild regions, where the first confidential question, after intimacy seemed to warrant the liberty, was invariably, «Baay, comrade, what wa» yaur name before you come here V You see, I knew Lumley's Pardner when he first came into the mines. I was up at Woods's diggings at the time he and a party of two or three more oame around prospecting, I remem* her I thought what a fine stalwart young fellow he was, straight as a young pine-tree, and no foolishness about him either, for he had been roughing it a year or two down on the Texas border. I never saw the boys more downright pleased over a new comer than when he bought a olaim and went in with us. He was not a man to talk much about himself, nor one you would feel free to question ; but there was honest square dealing looking out of his clear gray eyes, for all the trouble and unrest laid up behind them. Lumley was as different as a man oould be. I bare often noticed that men take to unlikes in mating among themselves, as well as in ohoosing mates for life. He oame into the diggings a week or so later, and they somehow fell in to* gether. Lumley was what you might call an extra clever fellow. He looked scaroely more than a boy—these fair-skinned people never show their age—with bis handsome womanish face, bright blue eyes, and trim-built figure j but he had confidence until you could not rest, plenty ot the gift of gab, and a something about him—l believe people call it magnetism; at least, when you were with him you believed just as he did, and then wondered at yourself afterwards for doing it. Lumley always had a knaok of twisting folks round his little finger, for all that the lines of firmness were quite lacking about bis mouth. Lumley's Pardner, now, with his close-set lips and square massive jaw—;ou might as well hope to move a mountain as him against his will. He would be strong to do, or to bear. You could easily see that. Ido not know as it was exactly fair! I never meant to eavesdrop, but it happened in this wise: one night I went over to Lumley's shanty—it was amuing strange how soon his name got tacked to everything—to see about a broken piok he wanted mended. I used to do the smithing in those days. As I opened the door I saw there was no one in, and, being tired with my day's work, I dropped down on a log just outside, lit my pipe, and sat leaning baok against the pine boards waiting for Lumley to come back. I guess I must have got drowsy and fallen asleep, for the first thing I heard was voices, and Lumley's Pardner speaking out bitter and short, in a way we seldom heard him speak. ' I reokon it's of no use to ask if there's any letters come to my name, 1 he said. ' There's no one to write to me.' I rubbed open my eyes and saw two gleams of light streaming oat through the open door and the one loop-hole of a window, and then I knew that Lum ley and his mate must have passed me by and never seen me in the twilight. Baising myself up, I saw Lumley through the window, sitting down to the pine table beside a tallow dip, with two or three letters lying before him, and one open in his band. Then it flashed across my mind that one of the boys from a camp beyond had gone in to the station and was due with the mail that night. Lumley's Pardner tat over the far side of the table with a gloomy look in his eye. Being* in the samo boat myself, I knew how lonesome it was never to have news from home, and won* dered to myself how a manly fine-looking fellow like him should be without wife or sweetheart waiting with a woman's pride in him somewhere. Lumley was busy reading his letters. I thought I had better stay outside. He was that intent at first that he seemed not to have heard the other's words, but after a moment he lifted his face with one of the proud bright looks that were Lumley's own. 'Ay, comrade! 1 he cried, cheerily; * and don't tell me it isn't all your own fault. Don't dare to envy me my wife and child.' There was no reply; but, looking over, I saw such a bitter sorrowful look on the face of Lumley's Pardner that, scarcely knowing what I was doing, I stood and watched and pitied him. I heard Lumley read aloud; words of love and trust, watohing and waiting, and of happiness in him and the child. I saw his face as he read. He might be a weak man, but he loved the woman and the child. From the last letter there dropped out a carte de viiite. Lumley caught it up with boyish eagerness. ' Old pard,' he cried, ' you shall see my two treasures. Here they are—Lulie and tho boy!' He tossed the pioture across the table. The other picked it up. I saw a man die once, stabbed through the heart. Just suoh a look oame into the faco of Lumley's Pardner as he glanced at that picture in his hand. Lumley, bending over his letter, never saw it. When he had finished reading he held out his hand. The other did uot even raise his eyes, but kept them fixedly on what he held. ' I, too, once thought to have a wife and child,' he muttered presently, less to Lumley than to himself. The words, following that look, were a whole book of revelation to me. Happily, Lumley did not notioe. His face showed some surprise, mingled with that plaoid satisfaction the suo oessful man always wears. • Ah!' ho returned, shaking his head know ingly* 'is that the way the land lies ? I knew yon were always close-mouthed, but a disap pointment—l never suspected that. She, who ever it was, had preoious bad taste when she looked the other way 1 ' and he ran his eye ad miringly over the other's splendid proportions and manly handsome face. 'She never refused me,' broke in Lumley's Fardner, in a low smothered tone, his eyes still fastened intently on the pioture. ' I—never asked her; but she knew my mind, and I thought I knew hers. I was sure she would wait for me until I came back. It was for her I went away.' ' Bat you wrote to her P' questioned Lumley, with genuine interest. ' Not a word—not a line. lam a poor scribe. But she knew me well enough to need no written assurance of my intentions. Every day would be lived for her. There could be no doubt of that in her mind.' Lumley made a hasty gesture of dissent. ' And there, old man, was precisely where you failed to connect! It don't do, you know, for women to take too much for granted. They like to be well fortified} and then you are the surest t» win if you take them by storm. Why, my Lulie——' ' She don't look as though she ever walked over a true heart with her dainty feet, acd that glad little smile just ourving her lips!' broke in Lumley's Pardner, his white face still bent on the pioture. His deep voice trembled a little over the last words. 'Lulie is truth itself,' answered Lumley, quickly. 'She never loved anybody but me. To be sure, she had admirers—how could she help that and be what she is ?—but she loves me truly. You can see it in her eyes!' Lumley's Pardner turned deathly pale. He caught the table by ono hand as if to steady himself, and fairly hurled the picture across to Lumley. It missed its mark and fell to the floor. As he saw it fall, all the fierceness died out of his eyes, and a frightened look crept into them. ' Piok her up,' he said, with timid apprehen sion, as though it were a human being to whom, in a moment of passion, he had committed some act of violenoe. ' I didn't mean to do that— poor little mother!'—that last word seemed to give him a stronger footing with himself. ' I was thinking how my wife married another man, md never let me know.' ' dome, come, old man, don't take it so to heart,' said Lumley, soothingly. ' There'll be a pleasant home, a dear little woman, and bright* eyed children in the future for you yet.' •*«v«b!' Lumley's Pardner brought down his fist like a sledge-hammer; then he leaned forward in his seat, with a feverish eagerness in his manner which he tried hard to keep out Of his voice: •Tell me, how would you bare given top your Lulie P' Lumley laughed with easy careless good nature. ' Tou put me in a tight place,' he said. 'But, supposing the case, the first questioa I •hould ask would be, Did she go over to the enemy's camp—in other words, forsake me for an old rival!' • N*n«o!' answered Lumley's Pardner, slowly. 1 It was someone I had never seen. I've nothing agin the man.' • Whj, then,' went on Lumley, ' truth some times outs hard, old fellow—l think it was your fault, and not the girl's. It's a man's privilege to speak his mind; a woman's destiny to fold her hands and wait. She can never be quite fore unless he has tpoken out. Then perhaps another, who hns learned to love her, does speak. She feels the need nf love in her life ; women as often marry to be loved as because they love. Then, instead of wasting her life for that which may never come to her, she takes up the fate lying at her feet. Does ehe go bo very muoh astray ?' Lumley'a Pardner dropped bis head upon his breast. ' Poor girl! I never thought of that,' he said. I do not know just how it was that I re membered all the words so plain. There was no more said, and, feeling guilty-like for stealing a mate's seoret which it was not meant for me to know, I crept to my shanty, bunked in, and let the broken piok lie over until morning. I always felt sorry for Lnmley's Pardner after that. Well, for a time, things went on in the old way. Then Lumley's Pardner came down with mountain-fever, and Lumley nursed him through it. He was as tender as a woman, was Lumley ! When I ÜBed to drop in of nights, occasionally, to lend a hand at watching, the sick man's eyes would follow him about the room, in a helpless beseeching way that was pitiful to see. It was only the ghost of Lumloy's Pardner that got up from it, but the two were always nigher together after that. When Lumley got back to the claim, and Lumley's Pardner was just able to orawl about, they oame into a wonderful streak of luck. Lumley struck into a big pookot, and there they were, in the turn of a die, rich men. Min ing, after all, is a game of chance—you buy yout ticket, but it does not always win; there are plenty of blanks to every prize. It does not matter the exact amount this prize netted, if I had remembered it. Lumley was jubilant over his ' pile,' anxious to sell out, and leave the mines j so nobody was surprised when his partner bought him out for a good round sum, saying, in his quiet way, that he guessed he'd stay and see the thing through. It was very quiet in camp the morning that Lumley went away. The boys were sorry to lose him, for he had not any but well-wishers among us. Well, six months went by, and then oame a little white letter, 'scribed' in a dainty woman's hand to Lumley's Pardner. The man trembled all over like a loaf when it was put into his hand, took it into his cabin, and shut fast the door. Within the next half-hour he oame out again in a desperate hurry, saddled bis mule, and rode off down the trail. •Unexpected business!' was his hasty ex* planation. Could not say how soon he might be back. The news came to us at last by a party of traders, stopping to noon in camp. Then I knew what those marks of weakness about his mouth stood for; Lumley had never left the city at all! He had sat down to the gaming* table one night and gotten up from it the next morning poorer than he had come into the mines. He had first won, then lost, and lost and won, and won again; and then that last total blank stared him in the face. Lumley oould never give up at that. He must win it all back! Luok was surely in store for him yetl He haunted the gambling-hells, playing reoklesslv, desperately, so bng as he could win enough to keep the ball rolling ; pawning his watoh, his ring, even his clothing, when other resources failed. So Lumley's Pardner found him—heavy* eyed, with a seedy flashiness in his dress, marks of dissipation on his fair womanish face—a pretty nearly played-out individual. The blood rushed all over his face, for the manliness yet left in him could not but feel the shame of that meeting. But there was no backing out now. Lumley's Pardner took him to one side. ' I've heard of you, old man,' he said, in his matter-of-fact way, ' and I've come to see you out of this! How much do you say will dear you up, and have a trifle ahead P' Lumley never raised his eyes. 'Old Pard,' he answered, choking up, 'you're a better friend than I deserve. Don't ask me to take anything from you. I went in with my eyes open, and, thanking you all the same, I'll have nobody's help out.' -» Lumley's Pardner laid a broad hand on each of the pitifully drooping shoulders. ' Old man, when that fever had me down, I'd ha' gone under if it hadn't been for you. So help me God! I'd rather ha' died than have taken what I did at your hands. Do you daro deny me this small return, now P What's a paltry sum of money between you and me, and the little mother waitin' at home ?' Lumley put down his head upon that, and cried like a baby; the which, if it be not manly, I like him the better for. There are tears, lam thinking, that are fir from disgracing even the eyes of a man. ' I'm ashamed of myself, through and through, for what's gone by,' were Lumley's next words, 1 but I can't give it up now. Matters can't be any worse, and there's a chance of bettering. Perhaps to-night I shall win it all back.' There were the old wilfulness and pride, and the new fascination of the gaming-table. There was no turning him back, no moving him from that reaolre. Lumley'i Fardner took him by the arm. ' Either way, I'm bound to ice yoa through,' he said. ' Oome.' So, night after night, as Lumley played, there stood Lumley'i Pardner looking on, with never a word of that little white letter, his answering message, or the two passengers on board an ocean steamer boand for California. Despite Lumley'i hopefulness, luok never turned. It was the same feverish unrest and tedious waiting, the sense of degradation by day, and at night the brilliantly-lighted gam bling hell, the excitement, the fascination, trembling betwixt hope and uncertainty, the frequent potations to steady his Bhaking nerves, and, as the night wore on, uncer tainty doepening into failure and disappoint* ment j and each morning Lumley's Fardner led him slowly and silently away, until time, wear ing on, brought at last this appeal: ' For God's sake, old man, when will you let upP* ISo help me heaven, as soon as I get back $2000 I swear never to touch cards or dice again.' And Lumley was dead in earnest this time. Still, he would aooept nothing from his partner. The night the Ocean Belle was signalled into port, Lumley'* Pardner beokoned ' Monte Bill* aside (I reckon you have heard of Mont« Bill, the best braoe- dealer and short-card player west of Mississippi), and some secret understanding passed between them. In the midst of a game, Lumley's Pardner left his post, which was something unusual, passing Monte Bill on his way to the door. It was not generally noticed, but as he passed he dropped a small compact package into the gambler's hand; then, slouohing his tombrero over his eyes, he left the hall. Pausing in the street, Lumley's Pardner looked anxiously down. It would have been dark but for the street-lamps, for it was full two hours to moonrise i but down by the wharf shone out the gleam of a new signal-light, which, poised at mast-head, glowered through the dark like the Aery eye of • gigantic Cyclops: theOoean Belle waa in. Ten minutes later, pushing his way through the bustling crowd that thronged the deok, he harried across the plank and made his way straight to the cabin. The past seemed all a dream, as he stood again with wildly beating heart before a onoe familiar form—familiar still, though bearing the maturer crown of motherhood. Her face was even fairer than of old, blushing with its own wild-rose tints of loveliness, her soft eyes shining up in glad expectation. The broad aombrtro, slouohed over his fore* head, shaded his features. She saw only bronzed cheeks and a strong brown beard. The tremour in his voice might have meant diffl denoe. • Pardon me, madam, you are—l believe—that is to say—l am Lumley's Pardner.' She held out a white hand cordially. ' And my husband P' lls well. lam to take you to him.' He took timidly the hand she extended. awkwardly the little woman thought, and them let it go. • Give me the child.' He took the sleeping boy in his arms, and so burdened piloted the way to a carriage waiting dose beside the wharf. Putting her inside, he laid the child gently, almoft reverently, npon her lap. ' We're to drive round and take up Lumley. It is only a few minutes' ride.' One last searching glance from under the protecting tombrero, and he dosed the carriage door, mounting to his place beside the driver. Oddly enough, Lumley had just finished a winning game with Monte Bill when Lumley's Pardner came hurriedly in. As he slipped quietly back to his post, Lumley sat eyeing the • pile '—$2500. He put out his hand to rake it up, paused, drew it back, picked up the cards, and began to shuffle for another stake; not that he had forgotten his oath, or the woman and child he loved, but a long way ahead of any* thing else was the thought that luok had turned —that he had only to follow it up to win back all the past. Lumley's Pardner stooped to his ear: 'You'd better throw up the game. The " little mother " and your boy are waiting here, outside.' Lumley started—half-rose to his feet, looked up into his partner's face, then at the cards, then at the door, then wistfully back npon the cards and the gold. As with a heavy sigh he sunk into his seat again, Lumley's Pardner, dash ing the cards from his hands, raked up the stakes and forced the money into Lnmley's bands. 1 How long will you keep your wife and child waiting alone, at night, in a strange city before the door of a gambling-house P' The thrust struck home. Like a man awakening from a dream, Lumley sprung up, crushed on his hat, and flew to the door. Once in the little woman's arms he was safe. Immley'a Pardner knew him well enough to be •ure of that. He never followed him, but slipped out at the lide door, and the next day ■aw him back in oamp, a trifle paler and sterner than was his wont, but tho clear gray eyes dauntlessly honest and brave. And I reokon, to this day, Lumley never knows how muoh he owes his old mate, or that his Lulie had one trne lover, whom he once knew and appropriated to himself in the person of Lumley's Pardner. 