[?] PARTNERS: ; ; A TRUE STORY. BT A.COUNTRY ATTORNEY. ' OHAFTBB XIL— (Omfiitwd.) !pfly i "this la very Pr.. 1 tofornally poUte, oltogotheif; «h» Mat euspeot something ; at all event/,it la g«-the game la_np with her." Mr. hla ih ®f Bp tiwnlaed Ma, laagcr, apparently, found nothing the shape of a eolation, of to dUBcalty, for ho ;ahat the boowith n , ilem ana a mattered cnrte. ''3' omaed account of Brown'emustba squared soma how," he mattered: "but ' don't Icaow. Thereto not one Qf the other tnatomcra of the bank that wiU tool: at inch a rotten inve«tm»nt. Hyonly to Mrs. Hardgrore, and oho hia i . There mmt be . aome annod friend or another who haa ad- edaod her againat it. Hsog her I I . thought sho would. hare treated) ma, and ad take aomo mooring outrider's Mm# Well, one neroroaa depend Von theee infernal women;" and Hr. Paffr atamped hla foot, and onrsed lira. Hard- "nnl questfonaMy, in a fix. He required 42000 to square Brown'a aoooont ; and he had only about 41000 of hie own to do it with. This r ppunt wsi as muoh as haconld nUe. by graining, to tha utmort, to. resources of a ; legitimate natare. The moat oi the money :4to had made wae Invested' to aome 'fabu- .Jpuily-rich quartz reef, whloh -had not, aa yet. done any: good; and the eharea'of i.yh8® ;Wero,-at present, almoet ralueleae, ; "f causes, inoldental to quartz- \- "To. bs.gravelled for a paltry £1000," . jjJti" ttiBenongh: to make .a man , Itr To®y waa nnoooaoloue of earing any- Uiing fanny here. Ho really meant it, -He wae .to mob an awful funk, that he really thought . that honeaty and hie own salvation, oat oi this \- W 4 .diffloultr were synonymous .terms. This is often the way with men, of .tatouse.praoHpalneM.,1 They, think themselves the hub ; oreatioo, end have not enffloient , .Imagination to picture tho Moult of any, notion exoopt in tho Ught of their on. ' iBat.amidet tho eombre eogitaUoris ,of the unhappy baukor, a ray of light etemed at length to struggle through the . montal. a dirfaieM. An ides had evidently etmok hlm, , ,for he left the ,bank,;and, nattlniir 'on hla ; inert, dtydgi. air, .etrolled .leisurely .into the Commercial Hotel.' i ' ";'7" .. 'After having o drink/with /the landlord, Jar. Bloggine, and dtsoueoing .tho weather, : the prioo oi fat atook, tha'.inoreue of tho ( « plagno. &o.;, Ao., .he: aaid,':daeaiUy i ' .7 s'K8in9> do yon rememiter ay moauouiug to you »bout nangmade a of nazals on a bit of paper' in Hockv'a .joffioo tho other day f '. -j "Oh J yee, diatlnotly," aaid StoggiBs.' "TUlwt yoadon'tromemborwhat it wea, . and what lt.waa dond on." : . ,. . "Bot you drinka I do — eome!" 1 ' ; . ''Welljwliatwaa Itf" _ "Ieitobatr ;;. „ ,"Oh,yeouV . . ! "Ton diarkod,"'eaid81oggiM,'BlowIy, ta, he proeoeded 'to illoetrate tho matter with a bit of penoil on the margin of the Bhtum , jUnrtuir, " you marked, on one ol Hooky'a /... promisaory note . forma tho date, thua : \- >X. VL T.h six .fr "Wall, by Jovel" eafdPny, "I thought' , .' yvn wonldn t haro romomtxirod it," Tho drinks were brought in, and, alter a . lltUn more geperal oonverution, Hr. Pofly , . . 'left.', 1 ' : ' , . .-./.Bio mtnrned tp. tha bank, with a aaUiSed , ; ; air, pnd about 10 o'olook ' that ' night ; ho .ptrolled dofm in, tho dlrootlon of Hooky'a , '.offloe. : WBnt took, plaoe between thosa two ; worthies , will appear farther on. OKAPTEB Xm. Wbbw Walker bade adieu to- lire. ' 'Hardgrore j. or rathor;; aa.. ho aetd himeelf i Vwhen he gallantly ktieod her hand in part- \- l ing ) an revoir, -.it waa hie intention to return In a very ehort time,, to once more bosk in the i emilee of hte mittreei; > \- - - In the mean time ho requested his friend , Parchment, to arrange some, of hie papers,, and pay all hie acoounte, and generally mako. preparations for hie approaohing doparture. \- Thna it happened that Parchment was in Walker's oflloo on tho night that Hr. Puffy v was in eearoh of Hooky. Ho had juet ; finiehed his work whon tho clock etruok ' elovon. When ho put tho light out ho made '. for tho door, nt tho enmo time feeling in his pocket for the koy. As tho key was not in hie pookot, it ia needless to ray that ho ' , noaroned in vain. . He thon soughtfor amatbh, . hnl found to his disgust that he had not got : .< pno. Then oommenood a painful quoflt, in , tBS'dark, for tho koy wliioh ne had a sort of improesbn was on -tho table among some . papors. Tnrning ronnd, ho made a Eos lino . for the ehair ho had nut vacated, with a step ' as oonfldertt and assured as if/he were strol- \- ling ronnd the Bastern Uarket,. under tho six . eleotrio lights-whioh ilinminato that paradise of cheap Johns. . .-. . It is worthy of. remark that, pndor. snob . . eboumstanoes, onsiinvonably goes in a direc tion diametrically opposite to that whioji one . - intends to go. Hr. Parchment was oonTinoed that tbs. table, with the keyon it, lay about :. , Borth-eaat by north. . Ae a mattor of courso, ho marched , boldly I \- i eon-son-west, by half south): and coming 1 plump on to tho stand which hold tho copy- ... feg press, knocked it, and the water bottle over, with a crash that mado Mrs. Brown, who wae elooping soundly next, door, jump up f in bed with her hair standing on end, nndor tho impression that tho Kellya won about. Mr. Pnrohmont woo pot muoh given to pro- ' fenilftlrat ho felt on Jrresmbjo impulse to | swear. It ie due. to him, however, to say that' he compromised the matter' by simply ejoculsting : " thunder I" Parchment stood far a moment to collect his thoughts; whilo he rubbed his : bump of locality, lo obtain an inspiration aa to his whereabouts. He had a vagueidea that when he was sitting a; the table the window was in front of him, and the copying preae to hie right; He wu not quite sure about' this; but being, of a buoyant end impulsive nature, ho acted upon Us impremtou as if. it wereaoertainty. ." It Is very eleiir," said be, " that'if the eopying press ie ben,' .tha table .must bo over there.", This was, no . doubt, a perfeetly eorrect infnreooa . to make, and if tha premiaee bad been fnultloss, the dedhotion would have had the; logical eppoiiteneu of a' tree syllogism. . "I em here,"' said Hr.' Parch ment "therefore tho Sable must' be over there." Tho major premise waa oorreot, but the minor, was evidently imperfect. . for the conclusion of the eyllogiain landed _ Hri Parehment'e head through one of the window panes/ For the first time during this trying eoene Tom Parchment need a very big D, bat under the elrenmsUnnee, he may plead juatlfioalioa. While hla head waa ontaide, and ha fslt the invigorating effects of tho oool Slocuioian night air. Tom had aerlona thonghts of ending ma difQenltiee by abontiag, ..ere' refM«fe;-r"Blng tha alarm-belL llnider and treaeon I Butqoo and DsnelUal" bnt refleoting that tha room waa only about fifteen feet equate, ha determined to make another effort 'to find that key— or, at least, tha table. To guard against any farther mUbape, he determined to efrenmnavigate the room, in order to fix the positions of tha door and window and any other lend mark' that would be useful. Aooordingly ba put his hand 'caret ally along tha wall, and felt his way ronnd to tho left, knocking over a clock and an ink-bottlein hla progress. Thus cautiously advancing, ha had nearly completed tha circuit of tha room when a freak catastrophe happened, Ha had forgotten ell about the eopying prees until bo wee forcibly reminded of ita exist- enoeby tnmbling over li e eeoond time whsre the floor had been'raodered alippery by the opaetting of tha 'water-bottle.' As ha fell this time, he began a series of foroible remarks, and making -a wild .grab at the wail to eave himself, ha atueaaded la bringing dawn on tha .top of hla head a map of tha world whloh adorned the office. It must have been a very rotten map. for Tom's head went .right through it, ana otms oat about the Basgaesa Sea, ia the North Atlantic Ocean, kraianhere between tho Oolf of Hiexioo and tho .Btraito of Gib- raltor. In the intereete of truth we must now acknowledge, that' Tom'a aversion to strong langnan fairly ibrokoidown. . Ho awore,aa tho Frenoh «ay, long and largo, Whilo hio head waa atill through tho map no reached oat hie left head, and blasphmned right down tha American oontinsnt from AToaka in the North, to Gapa Horn la the oath j then stretching oat fats right hand ha distributed a stream oi mild : profanity, from Siberia right through the Heeari of Ghibl, across Oblosss Tortary, -.over . tha Phillipine IaUnds, NewGninsa. (Jncendand, New South Wales and as hS Snlshsd at Hal- bonmo" Ua: hand strook— ths ksy hs was looking for,, which waa lit tha door ail tha tima. ' \ .'' ! Now' this adventure of Tom Parehiasnt, dthough it waa very anncreing at ths time, inrqed out, as it happened, a very fortonate olronmitanoe. : If It.nad not been. for ths delay thus osuoed He WQtild havb.besh ont of Walker's offloe a quarter lof an .honr before. Aa H .wazhB wss'jnst preparldg to mout whon hc hcard.the fnmilinr voloe of pnfiy onteidb, talking'; to someone, whoit turasa ont was Hooky. They were ,g61ng into Hooky'a offloo and 'al kind of instinot told; Parohinent that this mystorlona oonjnnotion "of . / two ' euoh " bright /, partionlar ; atari, boded \ evil to somebody. Hp therefore'' remained psrfeotly qoist, and prssently ho heard the striking oi amatbh, wnile a. stream', bl light broko through a voatilator ln thai wall between tho two ofllooa, which hod hithbrto been' oonoesled by . tno ' map, ths .downfall of whloh hadboon tho oausa of so: . muoh oUrdng. Tom 'Porohmsnt waa tho- soul of honour, but ho oonaldDrfid himself quite justified iu bddbavburlng to find out;' what the two oonspirators , were about ; he therefore' used the - knowledge - pf-looolltjr. aoquirod by his late invostigatisns to put. bis baok under tho table,, and, after tha expenditure of on Inflnitb deal of "patlanoe, , he placed it, nbiseiesaly; close against tha vral undornbath the ventilator; ' and,., mounting 'upon- It, ho oould look into tho next roomj'and sos' and heiir all; that' wu going orr. , / ' OHAPXBB XIV. ' , ... IfOir. PsxosHXinbv' from .his' .eaignt ;ot vantogo;:o6dld, sbo .distinctly everything jin Hooky's ;oilleo. .'It' was very evident that thm:':m'';tgmnfiVla.fsaBng; of oon- straiht;betieen 'tko'twomsn. Siks.Hpoky had ,tbo appearance .'of a niau who'antioipatod an impenamg evil') ; while' Puffy was attempt- ingto. assnms the r6Ut of ono. perfectly at his ease, wkiloho was corutrainedly nervous, sod rpaambdaoally joliy— or at lcaat lond. ; ; . '.' .Ton will. pardon me; Mr. Puffy," iiid the lawyer; "if I fail to nndsretand the drift of jrbur ,'rinnarko .:whioh,.tb' . say thsleaat are In aaeotionablbtaste." r ,5v "Youd6h'tliko'tKbm,',,saitlPaffy, dnly. ".I .don't like, .them,;ahd'-I don't imder- stond : thbin,1? " rbtbrtod,! Hooky, ' savagsly.t " mid let mo ieU'yPuVbh'oo foi: afl, that I vnll not snbdut to this assmnption of superiority on. your put, vdiioh I'lbok ' upon as an impartiponco." , /: ..PBardy.dithl" said Paffy, - ; ,(i There vra' a kao! 'glbapi in the lawyer's , eyes, as he half rose from hia chair, apparently with the Intention of ; seizing . his ; oompanios ' by the ' throat- Howpysr; " he ''conquered < his 1 impulse, . and eat 'down oooin ) bub ;the hanker lost his'-, nonchalant . air, and his ooionr at .thb'same timb. '. He'.hod Svi-i dently gone too far, and ha appisared.to 'borne to the oonoluoloh that Hooky wait hot a' tusn to bo . trifled with. .. Tho . mon wore taking oaoh othor's measure. After 'a moment's sllenbo the lawyor said; " If yon will eeaoo your hints &nd; innuondooa, and atato plainly what you wont mo to do, it will, perhaps, bo bettor for both of us." v I only wont yon to, do, for our mutual benefit, what you have already dons for yohr own," said Pnfify. : - . ; ... ti That Is—? intojootod tho lawyer, 'im- pftlid&tly; , " Forge!" add Poflr, in » loir tones ; ' "Ohl" oxolainisd Hooky, "yon domo too mnoh honour, " and he leant book in his fwutunMd tho noldt of a ioko which. hAd Uthcrto.eaMpodhto ; \ ' And bo you thiol? that among mjra∋ fold Rooompliflhmenta I am l;Jol enough to luoludo that of to fww, shf" , ... ; /- " Look hero, Hooky, let ns drop this and come to business," said -the hanker, shortly.' "Proceed, xnr friona, proooed,". said Hooky ; " nnfola your BolicmQ to the attsn tiro ears oi touts truly, v I 'admire yon impertinence.' I al"»y» ronue l I , bui oonsoious that I am ' not Immaoutate myself : but Ijd not think before that' you were a fool: uad I. waa oertslnly unaware ttiat I had A11 you. ikssbnto think that I was mm. Bnt go on, I am all attention. Whoso namaam forgo,' pray, for our mutual benefit/ha ,. hal ww goodll for mm »ptiU»l b'?flt,ho| hot— what a ooinor of pb"?® you nrs, LW. 1 . The banker bit his lip impatiently, while the lawyer was indulging in his untimely merriment— whloh had a' somewhat- false ring about It;:. Hooky laughed, but , the laughter was forced. It did not Spring spontaneously from' a joouud hbart, or . u, tiokled Imagination'. It wna a stage laugh, and oarrisd with it hardly even, the ghost nf merriment. Bush as it was, however, the lawyer, suddenly teased his sssnmsd mirth, end brioginghis jaws, together with: a snap, turned on enquiring look upon his oompanion, . "Whatdoyonmsanbysaylng,orinsiiniat- ing rather, that I have committed forgery," he suddenly enquired. "I simply rneu," replied the banker, "that I know yon bare done it; that I nan prove you have dons it; bnt that I think It will tut me.bstter to work- with yon, rather than agsinst yon." - "In other, words," said Hooky, "yon think yon have.-a hold on me, and that you will graciously permit ma to beoome your cat'Mew." " We shall share equally," said tho banker. "In ths profits T' qaaried Hooky. The banker nodded assent. . . And ths risks P' persisted. the lawyer. Pnffy ealled in a depreosting fashion, that he had acquired by long habitl of doing unplessant things in as pleasant a manner as possible. '. " Snppoeing Irsfoso," said Hoolgr. "I shoold explain to' yon, that it wonld be bettor to reconsider your virtuous reabln- tton," sild Pnffy. ' - " Well then sxplsln at onoe, for I emphati cally decline to commit aoriins for the sake of enriching yon.!' " And yontMif," Interjected Foffy. " Ftostoly," said Hooky, but 1st ma (hear your reasons for snppoeing that I am capable of tho crime, in ths results of whloh you an willing to Snare." _ " I know/ for instance, that yon forged John Thorn's cams to a promissory note for 4S00." : " Aad_ (apposing I said you Hod in making luoh a statement — what then?" . "Then, I should simply say that your ob- serration wae.more vigorous than corrsot," . replied Pofly— " but 1st mo explain;" and, hereupon, Pofly unfolded to ths lawyer ths mesne by which he had beoome possessed of hit eeoreti Hooky listened to the narration with a ecnntenanoe.in which the varying shades of eo&temptobua; incredulity gave way to the conviction gradually forced upon him, that the chain of evidence was complete. However, ho waa not a man to yield without straggle. Hs returned onco mors to tho charge. - ' . "All this may be_perfeetly oorreot," said he; " end yot, ae I deny tha charge, it may only tend to prove that I have Men the viotim of a baeo oousplreoy. What waa to prevent you from making those hisroglyphlca upon which yon plaoe so much stress, mfur the bfll earns into your hands as well as it fort it left my offloe f ...... "Certainly,; there ia aomothing in that; and. It it were only a question oi your oath against mine, I suppose tha oas is as good, or.iebad aa tha. other; but the whole ear-; ronndlnn of the- case are shady, and tha transaction will not bear investigation ; more over,! 'ban bring, a| witness to prove , that before tha bUl'waa known to be lia existence,' I had mads these marks upon a blink form in yonr offloo;",'";.' ; (lbfseonf lauaif.) 