Two Wells. [From our own Correspondent.] April 26. On Sunday night last we were favored with a splendid downpour of rain, which has thoroughly saturated the ground, and put it in splendid working order. The farmers have not been slow in taking advantage of it, as many of them are now busy seeding. A quarrel took place on Saturday night last, during which Mr. Samuel Nickels received a severe blow. It appears that Nickels was quarreling with two young mea named Thomas and George Haselwood, and during the scuffle Thomas Haselwood struck Nickels on the back of the head with a piece of shaft of a dray. He now lies-in a dangerous condition. Police-trooper Naulty • arrested Hazelwnod on Monday evening. During the' last fortnight the greatest excitement was manifested in connection with the return of two members for Yatala. They never have been attended with the same amount of interest in past years which has been shown on the present occasion. Mr. Gilbert's committee had their headquarters at the Two Wells Hotel, while Mr. Murray's had taeirs at the Commercial Hetel. Both places were the scene of much bustle and life. Mr. Cavenagh made no exertion whatever, relying, I suppose,, upon his past services as usual to carry hirh in ; but although he bad some warm supporters, it was plainly seen during the day that, as far as Two Wells was concerned, he had not the ghost of a chance. The polling went on briskly during the day, and with the help of many vehicles a large number of voters were assisted to give effect to their opinions. The entrance to the council chamber was occupied by a number of representatives of the candidates, who distributed cards and handbills, and generally seemed anxious to act the part of guide, philosopher, and friend to the free and independent. The vote and interest «f the apparently wavering were duly solicited by card for D. Murray, as an intelligent and hard-working colonist, and one who would give his hearty support to the encouragement of native industries. The elector was next informed by another ticket that W. Gilbert was "to be upheld as the free and independent man, one who would oppose reckless and wasteful extravagence, while in favor of a wise expenditure on public works." As the afternoon wore on the number of voters to the polling-place ^rew larger, as many of them were brought six and some seven miles to fulfil the dnty they owed to society. The proceedings about the gate of the council chamber by that time were marked by noisy good humor, aud beer seemed to have put fresh life into some of the energetic of the assembled partisans. I may here state that it seems absurd that Salisbury, which is situated at one end of the district, shonld be the chief polling-place for Yatala, thereby necessitating the delay and trouble of bringing the boxes from Dublin and other places to Salisbury, some 30 miles distant: It would be much better if Two Wells, which, in addition to being the largest voting-place, is tbe centre of the district, were made chief polling place. 