NOTES AND NEWS. WE regret that this issue of the ,Jewish Herald has been delayed through an accident to the machinery just as we were goim* to press, which caused a stoppage for several hours. ' ° A CORRESPONDENT from New Zealand asks if any of our Masonic friends can inform him whether, at the consecration of a new hall for Masonic purposes, it is absolutely necessary to have a procession to an Anglican Church, with a sermon on a text from Luke, concluding with "the Father, Sou and Holy Ghost?" Onr correspondent would like to know whether it is quite consistent for a number of Jewish masons to attend the church on such occasions, and whether such proceedings are at all consistent with the (rue principles of Free Masonry ? He would be glad to be enlightened on these points by experienced Australian . Free Masons. THE following of our young co-religionists obtained prizes at recent school examinations Presbyterian Ladies' College-English, class 2, Miss E. Jacobs ; Latin, Class 4 B, Miss E. Marks; German, class 1, Miss K. Marks. Scotch College-Dux of School, J. Monash (bracketed equal with J. S. Thomson); Old Scotch Collegians' Prize for the Sixth Class, J. Monash; English Composition, J. Monash. Sixth Class Mathematics, J. Monash ; Logic, J. Monash : French and German, J. Monash. Upper Fifth Class-Mathematics, P. L. Benjamin. Upper Fourth Class-German, N. Bentwitch. Lower Fourth Class Latin, Upper Division, N. Bentwitch. Lower Third Class-Arithme tic, M. Bloch and I. Flegeltaub. Second Class-English, M. Bloch; Latin, Upper Division, I. Flegeltaub. First Class- English, \V. Marks ; Arithmetic, M. Gerschel and H. Ehrmann. Wesley College -Special Prize for German, M. A. Lazarus ; Y. Form Prize, M. A. Lazarus, 2. Group Prizes, Arts, V. Form, M. A. Lazarus; English, Lower III. Form, - Benjamin ; Languages, Y. Form, M. A. Lazarus : Mathematics, D. I. Lovino. St. Kilda High School-Class III., Spelling, Arithmetic, Grammar, Elocution, Bookkeeping and Latin, H.Lazarus; Class I., Reading, Spelling, Mental Arithmetic, Grammar, Geography, Latin and French, M. Benjamin ; French, M. Ansell. Carlton College-Fifth Class, Languages, D. Davies; Fourth Class Mathematics and English, P. Davies; Third Class-Languages, J. Hickman ; English, M. Goldberg. A MEETING of the Committee of the Melbourne Jewish Philan thropic Society was hold at the Synagogue Chambers, Albert-street, on Tuesday evening, the 27th inst. There were present-Mr. B. Sniders, President, in the chair ; and Messrs. A. Loel (Treasurer), S. Davis, S. De Beer, P. Blashki, A. Levy, W. Davis, and A. M. Isaacs, and Edward Hart, Hon. Sec. Only one case requiring relief was brought under the notice of the Committee, and it being of a most de serving character, the applicant was relieved to the extent of ten pounds. After several matters of minor importance had been consid ered the meeting closed. THE Rev. E. Blaubauin has obtained from the Committee of his Congregation leave of absence from the 1st to the 2fth prox., which time he will spend in Queenscliff for the benefit of his health. WE havo received from Mr. M. A. Rapken of Sydney, cheque1 for £1 Is., being subscription to the Hamagid, which wo shall forward to the office at an early date. MESSRS. EDWARDS AND IVAUL, of 5 Collins-street West, have just completed, to the order of Mr. Mark Moss, a very handsome silver trophy, which is now being competed for at the Intercolonial Bowling Match between New South Wales and Victoria. The trophy; is of . silver, weighing nearly 100 ounces, stands 3 feet high, 2k feet in length, and 1 foo1; broad, and represents a bowling green occupied by a full ring of players. The trophy will bo on view for the next few days at the manufacturers.' MB. HYMAN ISAACS, B.A., head master of the Sydney Hebrew School, is on a visit to Melbourne. HAMBURG.-On Thursday the 8th of October, there was unveiled in Ham burg a '' Denkmal " in honour of Uphraim LeBsing. Tho occasion was the lapse of a century since tho death of tho author of "Nathan der Weiso. The spot was tho Gansemarkt, where, on tho day in question, some 25,000 people were assembled tc do honour to the memory of tho great philosophical Writer. The whole of the equate was decorated with lings and festoons, and the elite of Hamburg were present in the inclosure reserved for those in vited to be present. There were, suspended from shop windows, and house fronts, many references to Lcssiug's works, and notably fioro one house was an enormous gaily-coloured placard, calling attention, m rhyme, to bis im partiality to Jews or Christians, or rather to his partiality for the former. The Rev. Mr. Stern, the Chief liabbi, was one of those invited to tako part in the ceremony. The higher classes in all tho schools, among whom there were maDy Jewish boys, occupied places in the inclosure, and subsequently covered the foundation plinth with wreaths of beautiful flowers. 