Music and the Drama, THE Kelly and Loon Opera Company aro drawing fair .houses at the Opera House. The singing and aoting of the company is so excellent that every body ia pleated, and tho Chimes of Cornevillo chime on merrily until tho play ÍB completed. All who patronise this place of amusement may be quite certain of seeing a fin« work finely represented. At the Theatre Boyal sonrooly any changes of im portance have ooonrred. "Olivette" ia repeated nightly to good houses. If we were to praise the production of this work wo should have to repoat what we have already said in former issues. We have expressed a- very favourable opinion of the work, and also of tho performance of* it, and we Bee no reason to alter our opinion. The Gaiety has beon well attondod during tho last week of tho season. A round of operas havo beon performed. " Mignon" on Monday, the " Bose of Caatile" on Tuesday, " Maritana " .on Wednesday, " Trovatore " on Thuraday, followed by Faust " and " Lucia." Six operas in one week is equivalent to hard work for the entire troupe- prinoipals,ohorus, and orchestra. The saaeon is announced to oloso on Saturday. It is almost needlesa to say that all the principals, but especial!/ Mr. and Mrs. Turner, have been greeted with all suitable lyrio honours, which, instead of being obtained from eithor friends or claqueara, were fairly won by, genuine merit from admiring. audiences. The opera-loving publia of Sydney hope and will be glad to see before any great length of time has elapsed the pleasant faces of all the principals in aaothor season. Miss Clara Hamilton's farewell oonoert at the Protestant Hall on Monday night waa well attended, and, in a musical point of view, was fairly successful. The programme Was almost, if not entirely; Scottish, and included a number of favourite ballads, all ot whioh were either snug by the beneficiare or. her talented associates. Th* Glebe Cricket Club erare a minstrel entertain ment at th« Town Hall, whioh was. well attended, and at whisk a number of cornie and sorio-oomic songs'were very creditably sung, and several musical seleotione were oroditably played. On last Friday week the St. Leonards Musical Society gave th*eir third oonoert, the programme of i whioh' comprised a number of Bongs and pieces, all of whioh wore verv.oreditably performed. At tho Qaeen's Mr. Dewhurst continued his fine impersonation of, Riohelieu up to Tuesday night. Without doubt it waa a masterly représentation of the.oharaotor of tho groat Cardinal, as presented to na in Lord Lytton'a play. It is doubt!ul, indeed, whether a finer has ever been presented on the Sydney stage. Mr. Dowhvrst laboured under many disadvantages. Bnt his genius ox bia histrionic skill, which you will, overéame thom all, and he was enabled to enchain th» attention of large audiences nightly for the better part of a week. This ia a somewhat remarkable fnot at tho Queen's, where the audienoes are usually font« of ohange, and plenty of it. Mr. Dewhurst waa well supported. by Misa Marian Willis, who as Julio De Mortimer gave another evideaoe of heir great and varied powers aa aa accomplished aotreaa. Mr. J. B. Steolo proaented a um« and manly portraiture of De Monprat, and has soldom beea sosa to better advantage aiaoo hie engagement at tho Queen's than in this part. Misa Nellie Montague, as Marian de Lor me, ia also entitled to high commendation. Mies Medway, as Francois, waa effootive. In no sense cai» she be «aid to have "failed." "Othello" was porformod on Wednesday night at the Queen's Theatre, and served to confirm the favourable impression produoed by Mr. j)ewhurat in his previous assumptions of Hamlet and Bioholion. He oan scarcely bo Baid, in his impersonate* of tho noblo Moor, to have aohiovod so pronounced a BUOQOBA as he did in Lord Lytton'a drama, but, taking it on tho wholo, his Othello waa charaotorisod by raro cxoellonoo, and both in conception and oxeention was, wo aro inclined to think, far anporior to his Hamlot. Mr, Dewhurat's fine figuro was. exhibited to groat advantage in tho picturesque oostumo in whioh ho draped Othollo. HÍB appearance recalled tho descriptions whioh oon temporary erotica hove given o\ .thé a'dmittsdly greatest of all repräsentatives of that oharaoter***-* - Edmund Kean, inaBinuoh aa ho certainly presented as striking a reaomblr.ncoaaKoan ia Baid to havo presen ted, to tho picture of a Maharatta chief. However " anomalous it may be to dcpiot a general in the ser vias of the Vonotian Kapublio in tho garb of an - Aaiatio warrior, tho imagination willingly surrenders itself to tho illusion. And if technically inoorreot ip tho matter of dress, Mr. Dewhurst ia perfeotly juati/ fiod in adhering to a tradition which has boen sane* tioned by the most distinguished of his pre decessors, and which undoubtedly, in assiBting to realise a poetic ideal, baa muon to* " - warrant it. Eloontion is, after all, but a Bcoondary- attribute of the actor's art. Therefore,* it will not tend to disparado the pretensions of Mr, Dewhurst to a leading position in his profession to say that his elocution is frequently faulty. Thia de foot waa particularly observable in the earlier scenes of tho tragedy in qsoation. Old playgoers whoso recollections went back to the days of poor G. V. Brooke, and who remembered the magnificent} the organ-like tones of his voioe, in the delivery of the address to the senate, mast havo felt imperfectly satisfied with Mr. Dew hurst's rendering of the same passage. Indeed« through tho first two aota tho play may be said to havo dragged somewhat heavily, and labouring,' ail he evidently waa, under hoarseness, it seemed probablo that the Othello of Mr. Dewhurst would fall considerably short of the expectations with, which it had boen awaited. But in tho third act he well sustained his reputation. In the terrible oonfliot between love and jealousy whioh , agitate the breast of Othello, the actor thoroughly identified himself with the pott he assumed, and dis played a power and pathos which wont straight tx» the heart of the audionce. To some extent it would appear likly that Mr. Dewhurst is disposed to believe", <v v with John Kemble, that Othello is a slow man. lt is not tili ho is touched on tho most sensitive point the honour ef his wifo, that the fierce Onentajl nature asserts itself. Then discarding all the con ventional trammels which his intercourse with. Europeans had imposed on it, it overflows Li i o tho lava flood ? . «? That boils in Etna*« breast of ñame, and sweeps on with resistless and consuming force. The third act of Othello is admittedly ono of the severest teatß to whioh a tragedian can be subjaotod. Mr, Dewhurst'* rendering of it will bear a very close* examination. Taking it altogother.it suffers little by comparison with the efforts of the boBt of the many admirable artists with whom tho Syd ney public havo been familiar, always ex}«1 oepting G. Y. Brooke, who was the one aotor¿ of modern times, so far, at least, AB the ooloniaX . - stafre is concerned, who literally transformed him self" into the Moor. Tho impression made by Mr. . Dewhurst in the third aot was not weakened in the' two following ones. His death scene was partion- _ larly impressive, dignified, and intensely pathetie. i In fine, tho Othello which he presents ns, though Hr' r may decidedly fall a long way short of an idoal por trait of that obaraotor, is full of lifo and vigour^' and is not wantina even in those delicate touche» which attest a master hand. '? Messrs. George^ MuBsrrovo, director of the opera oompany, and Arthur Garner, havo given gratui tously the nae of the Theatre lloyal and all acces sories for a matinee to be (riven on Wednesday next, 7tn instant, for a benefit in aid of the fund for tho widow and orphans of the late Marona Clarks. Mr. D' Arey Bead opon8*at tbo Victoria Hall, Castle I reagh-street, on Saturday next, the 10th instant, with his "Ghost" entertainment. The hall ia being thoroughly ronovated and altered, and when ready will bo a very comfortable and cheerful place ef amusement. It is situated between King and Mar ket streets. It will no donbt bo remembered that Mr. Baad performed some time ago at tho Gaiety' .Theatre (thou the Guild Hall), where he made ar somewhat lengthy stay. Professor Haaolmayor has returned from hil. weatcrn trip, which wo loam was a very successful ono. He visits G raf ton next week, opening on v Saturday, 10th instant, at the Theatre Boyal there.; . . . South's ".Piratea of Penzance" Company ii doing good business in the western districts. SÙHV mona's Australian Comedy and Opera Bonffe Com pany is also doing well down south. Humours'very prevalent just now of a proposed new theatre for Sydney. ' Particulars are promised shortly. A grand complimentary benefit to a well-known and favourite comedian is on the tavia. . 1 Mr. Charlos Tnrner'B benefit to-night (Friday > at the Gaiety Theatre.; "Lucia" ia to bo performed!, ? The Opera Company opona in Bathurst on Monday next. " Wy bert Reeve's Comedy Company is mueh appro* outed in Brisbane. The Mendelssohn Qaintette Club of instrumen talists, from Boston, aro to arrivo shortly. They aro said to be all masters of their instruments, and bave been playing together for many years. . , ... Miss Carrie1 Godfrey, late of Sinonseh's Opera Company, raado a great hit at Kowalski's Exhibition concert at Melbourne, on Saturday. Miss Godfrey first appeared in Sydney with the *' Froliques." J Bland Holt's spectacular drana, " The World,'? " ia drawing immenae houses at tho Theatre Boyal. / Melbourne. . .*!\\!T . . The Williamson'* produoe *. The Pirates of PetíS zanoe" at Adelaide, this (Saturday) oveniner. ,. Mr. Fred. Maooabe opons at the School of Arts to-night (Saturday). "Begone, Dull Care," ia the '? somewhat curious title of his entertainment, which is said by the London " Time«" and other critical journals to be, of its kind, uaiqna and unsurpassed^ { The Kelly and Leon Comic Opera Company pro duce " Girofle Girofla" »t the Opera House this (Saturday) ovoning, Miss¡33mma Wangonheim.takin« the name part. Mr. Willie Thompson, the well-known oornet soloist, returned from Now Zealandon Wednesday; He has been travolling with the Bimonsen Opera) Company, whioh did immense business during the tour through that colony. Mr. John Seo, M.P.. on Woà»eBdajr presented IfeeV Colonial Secretary with a petition signed by 73 of the leading Chinese residents of Sydney asking him' to nao every effort to put down.|ho game of pak-a-pn' reaontly introduced here by some of thoir country»' mon, to whom they refer in terms of etrong condom* nation. Th OT promise to give all the assistance in thoir power to obeok this system of gambling whian has done so muon harm in tho adjoining colony. ' «sr SI FREQ .OIOTSI-Tho Proprietors of "WOMU'S And« iiATic ScmfcnAM ScjtwArrSito hiflnoo the dcntructlon andi wrovoiit ttoo iinpropor HBO ol thoir wrojjporBand labolo, andi IthtiB further protect the Public ngittnot fraud and dacop¿ Won, havo enolouod in tho -Wrappers, or under tho labols ot tho quart botillos, sinco October 1, 1878, and continuo to enoloSO IN ISVKIIY BAY'S TAÜKINU TimouaiiouT nra TUA», ?whioli nro drawn upon tho imdorftifrncd, nnä w hieb will t cashed br thom on proBontation. To ooouxo tboso Gifti tho Public mush bo cnrofol to ask for, »nd accept not mn, nut, tho GBNUINH TTDOLMIO WOUB'S So,F£rrBi£""°'í »arno upon tho top labol. M, Moss nd Co., Wynyard nhc. Sïanoi.r-Ai>vi, .. . . - T ï H Ii 13 E £1 Ó Ii D E B S, 