.? 1iLEUTRO P OLITAN-G S SIP.- - - Th BD H. J; H., 3. Tie scandal loving portion of our ?qm minnity have recently had two very inter eating cases to gloat over-a breach of promise of marriage, and a disputed will involving a large sum of money. My lady friends persist in appealing'to me for ny opinion. but as I happen to hold views not altogether in accordance with theoma jority, 1 invariably declare that as I am Snt seized of all the particulars concerning one case, and the other being sab judice judgement' so far as I am concerned must be reserved. The Lament will case is far too good athing for the lawyers to lot slip through their fingers in a hurry, and as the testator appears to have left ,iis money to strangers, because lie had. so littlo love for his relations, one can hardly blame the :gentleman'of the long robe for thrinking that one stranger is as good as another. With regard to the breach of promise one may hazard an opinion, since tire jury have given theirs and have backed it up Swith the respectable sum of £200. i refer to the case of Brooks v Smith, where d lady had to sue in her imidden name after being twice married.. • As particulars of. " this celebrated case have in all probability appeared'in tbisjoirrnal, u 'shall not repeat them here. What makes tils case suclh a general subject of conversation is the fact that one can never be cuite sure whether one is married or single. Mr Coutts no doubt, firmly believed himself to -be a benedict,. till Mrs Coutts discovered that lie was a bachelor possessed of £600 of her money, and proceeded to quarrel with him for it. I can't ay tlhat I have much respect for a lady who acconling to her own showing divided her affections so evenly between her husband deJacto if 'not de j,re and her lodger, and who was so willing to link her lot with either provided lie would only submit to the necessary legal ceremony. Public sympathy is undoub tedly .vith Mrs or Miss Brooks, and since she has that and £200 sterling, perhaps teo lady will rest contented as aJemrme sole. Really something ought to be done to nassimilate the marriage law throughout Her Most Gracious Majesty's dominions. It does scorn strange that tihe subjects of one of the most virtuous of monarchs should be trapped into a breach; of' the moral code, or be liable to be robbed of hard earned savings and turned adrift to starve or to go to a benevolent asylum in olt age. A friend from Geeh.ng has been giving me a glowing account of the increased commercial prosperity of the Pivot. I fancied Geelong must lre looking up when I heard thata double'line of rails was ro quired from the lhailway station to the wharf. Mr John Weoods was not so far wrong after all when lie declared that the Colic line would pay when carried on to the border of South Australia. During the last season, in addition to 45,833 bales of wool no less than 810,478 Iushels of wlheat were shirped fronm tire port of Geelong and no less than l1 vessels cleared ,ut, represenitiug" a total tonage of 818,082 tans. Being recsidentof )lelbourne, I of c:'r e.o thinik there is no place like Mel burne, bint forall that I mu not so blinded by prejudice as not to see tlhat tile interest rof the colony demainds that the metroon lis shall not be nilowred to monopolise all the trrade. I diller from those who think tlhat ia city, town, or township shonld iie snbsidizedl with public money. tlhat it IIay SIontiruiii to eiist, snimply because it does exist ; hlut i do think tihat 'tr'ule should be illhowed tol fluw in its legitimate clihn nels and not be diverted to the capital. To ily ilind the furmer his an Indoub ted right to demand that lie shall lirave aI good riad on whicll to send his produce to the nearest port, he it where it any. anil as the iron roail is th lIClheapest, tile quick ,1st, IIId h, Cest, that i. the roWI I hroIrhld have when lie .askc for it. A yvil of 9,it11,,950 buihels of wheat, the produce of the cohlony this seasmn, is the outcome of a vast amrunt of I)rivation, patient en. . lrurnice, energy, and enterprise, and those Swho have prnactiscd all these virtues, much to tihe benefit of tihe State, and very little 'in their own, are certainly entitled to at 'erlit as much consideration as well paid artizans, denizens of our big cities.. A week ago we had almost made up our minds that the country wvs to have peace. Political lions, wolves, andl jackals hliad agreed to compromise, so we were told. According to recent reports the most ra. ,pacious of these animals are not contented with the good feeds they • have had, but are determined to have more. To speak plainly thi extreme Radicals in the Lower SHouse are so despertely.. afraid that when a refornt bill is passed their occupation will be gone, that they mare likely to induce our vacillating Preormer to turn his back on tirhe olive branch now being held out by the Council, and instead of the Council being refonnrmed, there will be another deadlock. Far be it from me to. have tie honor of 'being a prophet, when I can see only mischief looming in the distance. The Appropriation Bill is not passed- tire civil servants unpaid; and their butchers and bakers are clamorous anl anxious. Nearly 'everybody expects to see the Land Tax Bill kicked out by the Council or amended in such a way as practically, to mean tihe sametthing. I believe Mr Berry. intends to take his stand on the all round ten pounds franchise, and if tie Council agree to that hIe will be hoisted with his oern S 1ptarl; if not, "to your toe s, Oh Do you, my good sir, ever read tihe lady's column in any of those journals which are so considerate as to devote a "'dolumn to matters pertaining to thie fair sex? If you do not yrou should ido so. You will be both enlightened and entertained. Take this for instsnce--' The fate of parasols is alrost decilded; they are to be •large in size arnd to match thie costume in colour." Whlon, I wonder, lecildes thie fate of parascis ? Old Sol, one would surplose, since Ire settles thie question wehether one is to Iihave a suIItretke or require ian ulster. Only think thalt tie wife of your bosomn (that wife of wrlomi y,,' arie so proud) might lhave hlrd thu tip of her nose scorched :till it resemibled ia drinlker's, if thie decree of fate had beenr for sIImall-sized pararsols. Mario GoInharno evidcrtly knows next to nothing of humii natu iiire. With hier a worrr is only is lay figrre, on whichl to mhang so iny yards of costly mIaterial cnt and trinrmedr till it Ibecormes an aiboinatitni of uglinessinConr v(rnicnce acrlexplensiveness and only IusefuIrl f()r rlromting celcbracy through imalting (in tire mindl of ia lachelor of limrited nireans) a chariuing woIman inrto a scrorert.w. Of lFrerrrhwolrrnl Mario may ](now sirlnetlilirig, lut one tlhinr is curtinl she has i neve\Cr son iI n Ir lish woiVIIIrr. I mmltLii ;' an Irisdh nlady, rot Iliddly thie croik nr Mary thd housrmiid; und ynt nith of three cild seo ooh cnliighrton her IIlre isl a sphilcilien of innoncercc-rOnc of ille latest eccen ,tricities ot fishliorn is thie aidoption by ladies of an oflficers' grget. We do not ,attempt to explain this soumewhat extraor Sdinary taste for mirittry distinction, but it is plainly discornable among our Seloganates," Whit ? Can't account for a -wom sn'se.taste- for-military- distinction' ? Fie, Mario I You are a hypocrite. One more littlo?iit ofuinsophistieated innocence, and Ihave -done with Mario.. "It would be better, we think; if werinust adopt this' article of attire, at least to change its name so as to avoid unnecessary confuston and give it amore lady-like nomenclature.' This snggestion is past a goak. Why, the thing is pretty in the eyes of beauties, only because it is "manlike," and would not be tolerated for an hour, under any other name. - -, 'In Athe miscellaneous column of ?the "'Australasian", of this week the disappear. ance of ghosts from Scottish moors is satisfactorily accounted for by an old Scotchman. He says "it roquiroes Scotch whisky on the:top.of old ale to,?enablea man to see a ghost really-worth talking about." Although we have nop got any moors in this colony we have some lonely ptddocks which ought to answer tlhe same purpose. A friend of mine a few nights ago plied mn with senough whisky to on able a man to see fifty ghosts. and that too on the top of some good ale. I rode over some paddoclts studded with ringed and leafeless gum trees. which looked ghostly and weirdliko enough in the moon-light. But.1. never. saw the ghost of ,a ghost. Ah,I can tell you the reason. Theo.whisky was aood, not raw spirit. but genuine "Cas tle blond." You can bet your bottom dollar that neither a ghost nor a'headacho could he mader out of a gallon of that whisky. Writing of Castle Blend puts me in mind that this was the only Scotch whisky which obtained the highest award at the Melbourne International Exhibition. Such good liquor deserves a word even from a-gossiping correspondent. 