( ' Figaro. r ' . '"Here, there, and everywhere.". \ ; A . correspondent signingf," Cui / Bono," asks of; Figaro iihe following .) questions :—; ' \fj \ " Was the opera ofj'Oberon- " pro- / duced before the late Mr. Lyster came J to the colony ?" \ ' " When was it first produced ? ? Where 1 and who niaved in it.'! . ) Answering the question- c'ategori- ( caiiy, Figaro replies, the- opera of / "Oberon" was not produced prior to 1 the late Mr, Lyster's arrival in 'this ( colony. It was first played in Aus- / tralia at' the Theatre ftoyal, Melbourne, > under the sole . direction: of the late ( Mr. William Saurin- Lyster on Boxing / Night, December 26th, 1865. The > ladies and gentlemen engaged in its 0 presentation were cast for the parts h as follows : — Mr Henry Squires,...,,,.... ,, <J Hiion'de Bordeaux h Mr Fred, Lyster..., ...... '....l.Shemsmin Mr Baker Haroun Alraschid / Mr Kitts fi\PMiioe Babehan '\ Mr Bamsden,y..,.;.:.i.'.-,.'.-....Mfwam?or f's Mr LeviBoh'..;.l. .V/.'.-.1.1. ..V. .". ; A Abdullah ' , Madame Ada King Jteshana x, Miss Georgia Hodson ..Fativia ,/ Madame Lucy Escott .....JReiza . /Mr Armes E Beaumont. J..'! i J. ) fiber en'' 1 v Miss Angus .". 'Mania /Madame Bosalie Durand Puclt- ,'Mi?s Emma Neville..,., ..Mermaid Mr George Loder jfras-ftfie condufc-! (tor, Mr John Hall, " leader ; Mr W. .Lloyd, stage manager ; and. Messrs 'John Helming® and Frcybergei, scenic .artists. The prices of .admission on that seas'onTw'as Dress rCifcle, 5s;; gtallg, 3s, ; TJn'ner Circle, gs, ; Pit, Is,; and Gallery, 6d. ( ' ' - J. K. Esimetfc, " Fritz" our Cousin German, will.no do.ubt be remembered in the Australian Colonies; and so will - Mr John Bogers. who acted as his agent on his, first, Australian ;! visit. Well, they have been to law for, say3 an American Journal, " John -Rogers who was "Emmett's, . manager some years ago, brought suit against him for salary due him. The case was lately tiied in . New York, before Judge McAdam and a jury, when a verdict was rendered in favor of Rogers with very heavy costs against Emmett. . \- : '' By the way. of Sydney, Figaro learns that a new opera season will commence at the Gaiety Theatre, 'in that city, on the evening of Saturday, April 16th next. The troupe will'be known as the " Montague-Turner English Opera Company," and will among others, comprise Mr and Mrs Charles Turner, (.Miss Annis Montague; Mr E. Farley, Miss E. A. Lambert, Miss Eva Davenport, Mr Howard Vernon, Mr C. H. Templeton, Mr James Turner, (a basso new to the colonies) and Mons. Leon Caron has been appointed conductor. The . initial opera of the season will, so Figaro hears, be Flotow's charming work "Martha," and that during the season, Barnet's " Mountain Sylph " i will be revived" and "Mignon" and "L'Ombra" will be presented for the 1 first time in Australia. . » . 1 # l The "Arethusa" Dramatic Company concluded their season in Cristchurch, ' New Zealand, in the early part of this. I month, "the financial results of which" says a correspondent from that city," ' were by no means satisfactory. The I members of the company are still in Christchurch and have not so far > decided anything as to their future I movements. It is stated on good authority that Mrs Walter Hill and I her daughter Miss Arethusa May pro- . pose visiting Australia, but will first, most probably make a trip south. I ¥ S # > Latest advices state that Herr . Bandmann made his first appearance at the Theatre Royal, Christchurch, i on the 2nd of March, inst. as Hamlet . Mr Walter Reynolds was the Laertes. who also took the part of First Player; l Claudius, Mr J. F. Cathcart, who also took the role ©f Ghost ; Polonius, Mr ' J. H. Nunn, who also played the ; First Gravcdigger ; Osrie, Miss Kate Hathaway, (Mrs Reynolds) who also 1 took the Player Queen, Several ( others also took double parts, and . managed to get through tolerably well." This is rather rough on the I artists and certainly a novelty for the New Zealand lovers of Shakespeare. ; . » , « " Mr Phil Kirby seems to be again at the fore, as Figaro notices by his files that Mr Robert McWade and company are playing "Rip. Tan Winkle" at Portland Oregon, under his manage ment. : ; ' . © ' Mr Amory Sullivan, son of the cele brated tragedian -Barry Sullivan, is now and has been for some tiriie past manager of the Standard Theatre, San Fransisco.- After a satisfactorily financial season he had determined to : take the company on an interior tour, " but as he wites to a gentleman well known in theattical. circles, "I have been compelled to .give up my in tended burlesque season in- the coun try owing to the innumerable obstacles I have had to encounter in the whims of the principal ladies in the company. One young lady for instance, who is blessed with a husband , who does1 nothing, wanted the management to i furnish him with a position at a large" salary, and also allow fares and hotel ' expenses for her. child and- its-ancient < nurse. ' V-., " " Others " continues Mr Sullivan. 1 'who were not married, stipulated for i their mothers, maids or aunts, &c.;, and consequently I have been compelled ' to abandon, the scheme. ... Now. - all < : this" is extremely amusing when it is ; taken into consideration that ;the ' majority of these same ladies rarely ( knew what is was to receive two con secutive weeks' salary until- their pre- < sent engagement- with me ' at the/ Standard, 