PRESENTATION TO HIS LORDSHIP DR. SHORT. The members of the standing committee of the Anglican Synod assembled at the church office, Leigh-street, on Friday afternoon, December 30, for the purpose of presenting a farewell address to hie Lordship the Bishop ?f Adelaide prior to his departure from the The Very Rev. Dean?rssmx, Vicar-General (president of the Synod), presented the ad dress, which read as follows :— "To the Right Reverend Augustus, 1?y I'ivine permission Lord Bishop of Adelaide. —Right Rev. Father in God—The clergy and representative laity of the Diocese of Ade laide feel the deepest sympathy with you in the conflict of feeling amid which you sub mit to the will of God in resigning that tfaarge over this diocese, which has been maintained during so long a series of years. They are well aware that you caunot without pain bid farewell to scenes which arc crowded with sacred recollections, and in which so much of the happiness of your life has been found. But they rejoice with you in the establishment of so many institutions ?>f lasting value, which will continue to dis tinguish the first episcopate in the colony ?f South Australia as a period i>eculiarly eventful. Those who come after you will ?liter into your labors, and have cause for thankfulness in doing so, although the number of institutions formed can ?uly inadequately represent to them the many hours of anxious consultation, the difficulties that had to be encountered, the frequent checks given to the work of the church, the rallying of energy, ami the re ]*atedly renewed efforts to carry all to a sue urs&ful; ifisue. Your episcopate marks the period of the organization of the Synod with its standing and other committees; the for mation of a chapter; the establishment of a system of parochial endowments and parochial grante-in-aid, as well as of a clergy, widow, and orphan fund, and an annuity fund for the disabled; the recognition by the church ?f home missions and theMelanesian Mission *s having a elaini on its annual offertories; the establishment and growth of St. Peter's Colle giate School; the erection of a cathedral, of St. Barnabaa Theological College, and of ninety-one churches, thirty-three parsonages, and thirteen schoolhousea. The number of clergy has increased to fifty, who bare (as your lordship has reminded us) he assistance of a large number of unpaid lay readers; aad the influence of the (church has powerfully told on all philan thropic and benevolent movements through out the colony. It must be with deep thankfulness that you recall these results of the united work of the church in its three orders, and your prayers will not be wanting for those on whom it devolves to carry on the work, aad to adapt its form to each transition in our continually changing colonial life. We share with you in anxiety concerning your successor, and we pray for the aid and guidance of the Divine wisdom when the time shall come for choosing a chief pastor. For your lordship we trust that the pwin of the anal farewell may be softened by in- ! jtueiices of love aad sympathy, and that the evening of your life may be full of happiness and peace.—Signed on behalf of Synod by members of standing committee." His Lordship Slid, if It ad Ires them under feelings of strong emotion they would not be surprised on such an occasion as that, ! when be was taking leave, should he say upon earth, of those with whom he hadhrorked aad ?een crow up, and from whom he had received | the Kindest tokens of affection and the heartiest assistance in carrying out the work of the c'-iurch. The feeling of pain to which tlwy had alluded was softened very greatly, aad from this cause. It was not any personal (dissension or difference of opinion, or disagreement with regard to the policy of the future tiiat bad led him to that parting from them. It was not any dislike ??f the social conditional which the colony had now arrived, nor was it any personal or racial consideration that was inducing him to leave, nor had he anything to complain of in the ecclesiastical state of the diocese from which he was departing ; on the contrary, it seemed to him that halcyon days had graced the evening of his episcopate. Sonic months ajro there was an exodus from the diocese, and a doubt had passed through his mind as to whether a gracious Providence would (ill tho gat ?in the ministry and supply the vacant curvs which had been vacant for some c-ou.sider.ible time in some instances, but he was happy to *ay that by the arrival of men who hart been recommended to them, or to whom the diocese had commended itself as a sphere of labor, and as likely to add to their own support and maintenance, and to give them a fair ntld fur <-xcrtiou in the cause of Christ, the wants of the diocese bad been supplied, and the mem bers of the clergy and laity welcomed the new-comers with ail their hearts. His health had been such of late as to forbid his taking |Mrt, except in a very small degree, in the ordinations and confirmations, bit he ?was- happy to say they had leu aMc to ?eenre the assistance of two biOiqps from the neighboring colonies, who ha.l met ' with a cordial reception, and who by their character, honesty, preaching, and general Itcai-ing, had tended greatly to uphold the f-haractcr of the English episcopate. Refer i ing to the work which he had been obliged to .give op, under the will of Providence, he said although he was now better than he liad been, be felt that at the age of 7i?£ years it was vain .for him to expect to have that vigor acd usefulness that would sustain him in visiting the more distant parts of the diocese and to do the work of what was eveenti&Uy; * missionary episcopate. Looking at the railroad going through the very heart %A the country to the distant settlement of the Gums, and again at Mount Uambicr and to the Peninsula and the i*u gulfs bcj*i-aau? them from the western coast, or looking at the spread of settlement from Eucla to the Burner Range?, and tending up to the south - west portion of Queensland and the Biverina district, he could not at his age expect to properly attend to the requirements of the adavneiug settlement, and therefore he felt it to be the call from his Master that he thoul.l leave the work in younger and abler bands. Though younger and abler, his successor could not be more earnest an. I sralous in promoting the cause of Christ than he had been, but he trusted that with thw grace of God the operations of the church would be enlarged and extended to the uttermost limits of settlement. He felt how inadequate had been their efforts in the past. e?l>ecially in the Areas, although it was due t? the laity to say that they had nobly assisted the clergy in their work, and h<> f*i?p¥^t Qod that he had raised up men like mindgri with the clergy to carry on the work under the superintendence of the ministry, feeble and scattered as it was. These wetv the thoughts which made the pains of parting much less poignant than they would he. He was leaving the diocese without any un friendly feeling for anyone, and there was not? member of the clergy or the laity, or any ?tber honest-minded man, that he could sot recognise and greet as a man and a, brother, either on the score of his manhood <>r hi- Chriistianjty, or in the broader sense of chturchmaofnip. He had nothing but happy recollections of tfriendship in con nection with the members of the church, ami alto other* who were not within it* p&)o. He had always b?n a churchman to the backbone, as he believed that the doctrine of the church contained in itself the germ of the whole body of saving truth and all that was good and holy in Christian life. He did not ?ay that the church was not imperfect; ho did not say that it had not been secular in i?s time. He had seen great change* in its character, and he looked forward to the day when, with the development of Christian character, without sacrificing one s?t of truth, catholic principle or priraime usage, all Christians might feel they were one in the unity a?d brotherhood of tb<? Oospel, and he looked forward to the time when the beantifui Gospel announcement would be fulfilled—" Peace on earth and swd will to men of Jove"—that was g>- |h.? believed it was given in- the old version. There would then be found in the gi-eat liody of those in Christ the beautiful sentiment of Christianity that would draw them gradually nearer, and instead of Iteing in hostil ? camps they would feel that they were unite! in one great cause and work togitii?v in the home of thxi. He did not believe iliis wh a vain vision. He did not know how it was t.j be brought about, bm he believe.) if would be. Widi all these fri-iing* h<\- !>??!:' v.-d hi watsdoiiu? his duty in giving th,- \\\<,,' n into younger hands than hi* own.'au-J he i rinsed that they, who had cordially supporti-d him in the great work of develojiiu^ tliei'unvli iv tnit< colony, Mould also assi-t his su,-ce— ??? i\\\ every way. <>o<lforbid thai lie ?jiuulii i-U-iw t', himself auytliing lx>joi;d a |?>if:<'ii of iliis ?ork. Tlieclei-y and lait> i ia .i !ji];.<:J hii-i worthily iv carrying out tli* ?- U rl a;.* 4 t.riii- wg the dioorse tv what iie ui-riit say w-i* ii-? jtrcwnt full-grown state. H.- <lj.| not I>,>Upw there vinsany diocese which wan iii.nv com pletely furnished with the iiwtram.wilia ?f religion (haii their own. He <*>ul<) look back now to the iuxle stru .ijri*- tiioy ha.l, and to the doulrts and fears and auxi'tie that pressed tiieat when the titate aid ques tion agitaied tii?t?- minda, and Uwj wei<> Ijok ing forward to the blauk of a nomsUWiihed ?r unaided church, and hardly kjjnw whei- ? to tairn for help, but he thanked God most <>. ou?y that that great question was < a-riel a? w was, and that the church was thrown on her resources, for how noMy had she estab- UsftedheMeUonthe voluntary principle. H? *d not thuik any body had done more in tho Ime toplace rtsdfu a proper position than £?<*?'** ?* En^and ia this diwes:. U*Jk at, tave but tfSunties, and MeietJeE, —* mwmtktuw, and fun*, ttat they had wcgPPQM, cue wttcft wen now in a noarish htemtte. We abw looked upon the synod ?? ? ?*?* cxyeri?KDt, tui wfceo he left London in 1854 he had to sc<& the opinion of Sir Richard Bethel and otker eauM?t lawyers and ? gvaat Irish ehanoel lor and four of the ablest men of the day, in order to ascertain that it was no violation of the act of submission of Henry VOL to hold a conference of Synod in the diocese. He was assisted when he came here, and the matter \?us discussed long and anxiously and in a hearty and friendly manner, and they came ! to an agreement which had lasted for a period of thirty years, and he believed on that basis cf the tnree orders—the bishop, clergy and laity joined together—they had been able to raise up a church which was an ornament and a benefit to the colony. He saw that it was utterly impossible for the episcopal func tions to be exercised by one individual in this diocese, and they had prepared the ?way for creating fresh bishoprics. He did not think they bad violated the letter of the original endowment, as if the diocese was to be coextensive with the province he must have coadjutors. They had made the neces sary preparations and started a fund for the purpose, and he trusted that the blessing of Ood would rest upou this as upon the other methods they liad adopted fur the spread of the Gospel through this country. Then again they had never thought of a lay agency. It was a new agency iv the work, and lie had endeavored to carry it out; and what was the result? They now had 130 unpaid gentlemen assisting the clergy, and he hoped no jealousy would arise to prevent them from cordially acting together so far as the limits of the lay agency admitted, and ao far as the rights and privileges and duties of the clergy allowed them to accept their assistance. The work must be conducted under the spirit of God's providence and guidancr. and the wisdom which was from above, he had no doubt, would enable them to overcome all difficulties. If they united in the spirit of prayer and asked that Clod would send them a. wise, able governor iv his place, and they assisted him with the same cordiality ?nd the same manly freedom as they had assisted him, and gave him advice which they believed in their consciences to be true, and the laity would boldly and manfully express their opinions, they would form a threefold cord united by the Spirit of God. the strands of which cord would not easily be broken. The threefold cord he recognised in the bishop, the clergy, and the laity, and God forbid that the duties of one strand should entrench upon the duties of the others, but that they might form the strong cord by which the car of the Church, not the tsr of Juggernaut- HiJuht lie drawn with peace and joy, liai ;iin< innocence, I and truth through the h\\-A : tliat it might be drawn with tnn*tij?i through the whole length and breadth of the province. They had referred to St. Barnabas College, and he trusted that that institution would give them the means of educating, according to the primitive training of the Church of England, ministers who would greatly assist in developing the work of the Church ; that the clergy would find it answer the pur poses of a chapter house, and that choral Hinging would also be conducted there. He hoped it would serve as a fcotfel tor vlcrcy men from distant parts of the diocese wao had hitherto been dependent for accommoda tion to a certain extent on the hospitality of friends. He had very deariy at lieart the completion of the Cathedral, and he had brought with him a picture of the Cathedral as it ought to Ik>, which he would present to fvruod. He had thought of taking it to linglaud, btit he could not bear to lake it out of the colony ; and he hoped the picture—which had been colored by Mr. Elcum—would grace the wall of the office. He would also hand over to them a Jiicture of St. liaruaba? College, and he left the pictures as representing his wishes and designs liad his life among-* them lwon of ten yvars' longer duration. He prayed to God that the next bishop would be able to complete these works which bad been commenced by him. He felt great satisfaction that the Church of Eng land was now flourishing more than ever, because able men had been chosen from the presbytery, and were now in every part of I England lending their energy and learning j as deans and canons of the cathedral churches to the cause of liod. The?y were the centres of moral activity and lurochial im- I l>roveincnt, and the churcho were a^simiin^ :i life and \\-j;^or which wa? jK'rfectly aMounding t? him, wln?c thoughts car- i ried him" back to thirty years atfo. ! He referred to some of the charge i that had : j-eceoiJy taken j>liU-r in church life at home, J aud jiointeU out that although several eminent \ wen had jassed away recently the jiosition of j the church was never stronger than at pre sent. He asked why underthesecireiimstauce" he should doubt that the same good Pruri- ; dence of God which had been with them for the last thirty years wuuld still attend tlieui, and why he should doubt their wisdom and de?ire to fulfil the glory of Go-1. He had no doubt on the^e joints, and ' he trusted they would pray God to i si ud them a proper bishop in his phuxl. He was sure they would do their part, aud if they *<'i;£ht (lod's ail and guidance in their wots. \ si would not lie withheld. The dean having | n-Jyiestcd him to draw up a form of prayer for Uie *i*e of Synod in connection with the va cancy of the Sec, he had done so, and he wouid a*k them to join in the prayer which, if considered suitable, they would us^ when lie was po:n\ 1c would recall to \ tlieir ii!ind-> one ?h-> luul long worVed with them, and vlio luvl receive<l Mousing and comfort while he liad Ixvjj with Uieiul He thanki-d thciu f-jr tlnir u-ldn-s<. | and jffayed that, U<A v?juki alv.-.tys attend i tliemi ! The" 81-rKT. w)io so,-mrd very nvicii I affe<:ted with a aen^e of his i>o-ition, tiu~? j l-eiad the following prayer:—"O Lord Jc?u- i Christ, vhu did-st ajijioint twt-lve Aj>o-?tli.s vo ' l?reacb the f;lad tiding of salvation to a fallen i world ; :uij afterward* didst. hoo<e Matthias in the jjla<x-t?f .)u<la%-when he by ti~j.n-^r^ sion fell ; we. Thy servants, decinniK Ui follow the l-ulc of tl'e church. ' built ujxju th? foundation of Tliy Apostk-s and l*ro|iu<*ts," U-secvh Thee to guide us by Tliy Holy Sinrit iv choo-ing a Chief I'a.s( or x.,, have tli<\- r-.ile over us. l>.£ tli^iv In- Jio divisions tunong u-. I>?t m>t party z>?.il ciiuse us s<j to act as if Chri>r were itividcd. With one acconl may we strive to choose a man ai>idx>vcd of <J?jd", who shall rightly dis pense the Word of Truth, and. if nre.l Ij<-, correct and i-rprove with all lon?-<ufferinj; and i>atienee. Be with us when we'give forth our lots that they may fall on one who fha.ll be a. true successor of Tliinc Apostle, not in name only, but in deed and truth, t?the j;lory of Tliy name, O Lord, and the welfare of this church and i>eople; who livest and rci^nest with the Father and the Holy Ghost, one God Almighty, world without end. Amen." ; Hits LuKUSHir afterwards pronounce I the i Benediction, aud took l<.aie?f theirieinljer- ; of Synod. 