TRAVELS THROUGH IRELAND. f BT EbE» GO BRiOH 1 No. VL— AT A WAKE. The opportunities which are afforded Irish' men of being happy and gay at either a birth or a marriage do not seem to be lessened in any that has prevailed for ages of holding a wake over a deceased person, although frequently preached against, does not appear to be falling off very much; but the pernicious habits that used to be indulged in will in all probability be fully swept away in course of time. The idea of leaTing a corps? alone in a room. is repugnant to the majority of Irishmen, and so long as that feeling exists so long will wakes be held, though no doubt in an altered and improved form. It is not to be supposed that the reforms attempted have taken deep root. There are parts of Ireland where wakes are still carried on with all their original rites and ceremonies, and where one is held in which the population is composed in part of those who speak the Irish or Celtic language, snd who can therefore detail stories of superstition with that apparent truthfulness that is their distinguishing characteristic, it is largely attended, many people coming for miles around to p%y their respects to the deceased. The time -t dead body is kept in a home is usually two days. If a person should die early in the morning he is kept in the hcuse the same number of nights as if he died an hour before dark, and though he would therefore be about three dajs in a dwelling the custom is seldom altered— a fact which invariably gives general satisfaction. This habit of keeping a body two nights varies the attendance of the people; for should one person meet another who has not been at the wake the first night, and -describes to him that it was a ' grand' one — that if, when plenty of whisky, pipes, and tobacco are distributed— the individual who his not been present immediately expresses bis sorrow and regret for not having attended to say his respects to the deceased, and as if to make amend* for his neglect he details the news to several others who have been as negligent as himself, and accordingly the second night of a wake the house is crowded to excess. Should the reverse be the cat?, however, and the make be known as a ' mean' one — that is, when a prohibitory restriction is placed on the whisky and other commodities— the attendance oa the second night not only falls off, but the fact is published far and wide, much to the detriment of the persons so offending. The matter of noto i iety in this respect, therefore, being far from agreeable to the friends of the deceased, due -rare b taken to make the wake a success, and -the amount of eatables and drinkables that are oonsumed must be no slight matter in the cost of a funeral. It is not unusual to see jars and bottles of whisky and porter and a quantity of .bacjn and bread lard down for the 'poor ;people' who come to pay their respects to the ?deceased, and the inducement that is given to .indulge in tobacco aud suutf must cert&iuly; 4nake some young fellows try what a first pipe is like. Then, in order that plenty af accommo dation may be afforded to those who come to ? have a look at the corpse, the body is placed in the largest room in the house, and the nattering remarks that are mad* relative to the deceased's virtues when living make him appear as a saint in the eyes of many. I do not wish to be irre verent in any remarks I may make, or to attempt in any way to carrica;nre the human form divine ; but when one hears about a score of the most inveterate waVp-gocra declare that the -corpse they sre watching— whether it be old or young ? is ' the purti?st one they have ever seen,' it makes a person wish that this particular style of fnnereal etiquette was not so formal. However, it does cot take long to get into the | ?way of acting ' properly' at a wake, and I have ! never yet heard any one say the le&son; was a | hard one to be learn;. 1 As I have said btfore, when a person dies it ' vervsoon becomes known for miles around. The first intimation of the fact is usually observed by the attaching to the dcor-knGcker a piece of crape tied with a white bow, and the putting up of shutters by several shopkeepers ; and when once that is noticed the question that seems to be the principal one for the day is ' Are you going to the wake to-night ?-1 It was therefore on being a&ked; a similar question on the death .of a very old inhabitant of an inland town in Ireland that I made up my mind to attend his wake, as I had known him for some years. At about 7 o'clock— it was winter time, and \- consequently darkness set in very soon— in company with a few others I entered the 'burial-house.' as it is called, and being one of the l*&t; to enter I had ample time to study the various peculiar phrases used. One individual, who had a slight knowledge of Latin, and who no doubt was well aware of the potent charm «uch language has for a certain portion of the Irish peasantry, as soon as he entered the house delivered a string of quotations in the aforesaid tongue with such effect that nearly all present thought it was a prayer for the deceased, for when he concluded a loud ' Amen.' wa3 heartily and devoutly ttered. Every room in the house was crowded. The body was laid out in the centre of the largest room, and on one side of the bed was a small table with a number of candles burning on it, together with a plate full of srjuff ; while on the breast of the corpse a dish of salt was laid— a custom which has prevailed for ages more from habit than anything else, as the salt is supposed to be an infallible i remedy against the evil spirits thatrare aiid to | be hovering round the corpse. The immediate vicinity of the dead body, however, is generally a quiet place. People as a rule do not like to do anything else but ait still and tell story after story, and therefore a large number corgregate in another room, and there carry oa all kinds of ' innocent' amusements to pass the time away. On persons entering the house it was usual for them to go and sit beside the corpse, but as the room where it was liii oat wa3 full of the deceased's friends ciiny did not long remain iu if. There was another apirt ment, however, where they were not so much under restraint, and where any amount of eat ing and drinking was going on. I had followed the custom of sitting a short while iu the room with the corpse, and was just entering the apartment where the 'fun' was going on, when I noticed an old man, a horse-dealer, following me, and as scon as he entered the door, after going through the usual formalities, said — 'I have come to piy my respects to one of the ould aristocracy,' and then reverently raising his hat from his head, ' miy the heavens be his bed. I'll neither drink nor smoke out of respect to him.' There were one or two present, however, who knew the horse dealer's weakness; for despite his announce ment of becoming temperate out of respect to the deceased he did not hesitate to dispose of a few glasses of whisky, and then he commenced a laudatory history of the deceased's life that only ended when the liquor fully operated. The parties present did not hesitate either to play with the horse-dealer. There were pipes, tobacco, and snuff laid about for every one's accommodation, and as the poor old fellow, over come with emotion at the loss of one of the old aristocracy, dozed in his seat, the bowl of a pipe was filled with snuff, and being placed under his nose was blown np bis nostrils. The horse-dealer was now thoroughly aroused, and he laid his stick around him with such force that in a few moments there was not a person in the room. As the guilty parties managed to get away in time te avoid any injury, it was those who knew nothing about it that felt the full force of the horse-dealer's wrath, and it took a little time to satisfactorily settle matters, for those who received the blows being made aware of the trick that had been played resented the charge of being the perpetrators of it. But one individual at last; volunteered to sing a song, and as the singer commenced ta clear his throat more punch was banded round, and before the song was finished— it consisted of about twenty verses drawled out in the most orthodox wake fashion — amicability was fully restored, more songs were sung, jokes uttered, tricks ph^ed, and more punch consumed. Now, at every wake there is some par ticular individual who seems to be the life of the party, and who, despite many obstacles at the first start, manages to keep the people in roars of laughter all night. If remonstrated with his usual argu ment is 'that if the dacentman now lying down were on his feet again there would be* uo one who would enjoy himself so wslL' The boisterous state of affairs no doubt ^eems quite out of place, but should any friend of the deceased enter the room silence reigns supreme, until one, who is an adept at the business, ex presses his. and every one else's sorrow and sympathy for what has taken place in the peculiar manner that only Irishmen can do, and when once the ^deceased's merits are entered upon several others bear similar testimony, and if the dead person's friend is susceptible to flattery he orders in more punch, and then healths all round are drunk, winding up with a eulogy on the family in general. At the wake I am alluding to there wao one person piesent who appeared to be the principal tun maker. He was known by the. name of ' Sheelah' Tormey, having got this title on account of beina an unmarried man. and doinf ill the household work himself, ' Sheelah' being :he Irish word for a woman who is a hsuse ceeper. No one could joke like Sheelah, and M- one's jokes seemed to go down so well, for itspite his iobrii/uU ha was well liked by his rellow-townsmen. He told yarns by the score -f wakes he had attended, funerals he had 'ritneesed, ghosts he had seen, and fairies be lad met ; and he did all so well that, although ;here were many who wished to go home early n the morning, the dread of the ghost stories launted their minds, and compelled them ta trait until daylight. Matters were getting rather dull, and now and men a snore could be heard Irom various parts of the room, when Sheelah opened a cupboard, and taking out some grease rubbed it with a little soot well in bis band?, and then proceeded to adorn the counte nances of the sleepers in such, a fantastical fashion that they were the laughing-stock of the others present. To make matters worse, the next day was Sunday, and when the embellished ones were going home, all unconscious of their condition, they were met by the people return ing from early mass, and so many remarks were passed on them that they were in anything but amiable— humour when they reached their respective residences. They never thought of looking at each other's faces, and when they discovered their plight they vowed vengeance on the author of the mischief. How ever, despite what happened to them they attended the wake the next night, and having managed to overcome Sheelah by making him imbibe a little more liquor than was good far him, they returned the compliment' he had paid them. It was not long after, this wake that one was held over poor Sheelah, for having at tended at the death of a friend where ' the whisky was as plentiful as water,' he drank too much, and on reaching home feil over thest&irs.; After having been missed for some days, his house was broken into, and there he was found quite dead. Poor fellow, be had many faults, but the wit and humour with which he was endowed made him a general favourite, and to say that he was universally lamented by his fellow wake goers would be only paying a slight tribute to his memory. While people were enjoying themselves to full advantage, and the ghost stories were being detailed ad libitum, an old woman who was sitting in the room with the corpse came into the apartment where those inclined to be hippy were, exclaiming, 'May the holy angels have mercy on us. Did yez not hear the banshee?' It could easily be seen that this question put several minds ill at ease, for the opinion pre vails among a great many in Ireland that when any person dies, or immediately preceding the 'death, what is known as the banshee comes and sits adjacent to the house, and cries in a mest peculiar and plaintive manner. The fun was temporarily suspended, and though every one listened attentively nothing unusual was heard. Still, that the belief is a widespread one there is not a shadow of a doubt, and the declara tion of the old woman at tne wake I am allnding to that she heard the binshee caused her to be regarded with a feeling of awe. 'There are some families in Ireland whom the banshee is supposed to follow, and the fact of their being of long standing in the country furthers the belief that it is only they who are thus honoured. It was on this account that the hone-dealer declared that bis deceased friend was ' one of the ould aristocracy ;' and then stories were told about banshees in general and ghosts in particular, which made the time fly so quickly that every one was surprised when they observed the grey dawn stealing in through the windows. The majority present then went home, much pleased that it waa ds; light; and though ?everal afterwards secretly told me that they had heard the banahee at the time the old woman came into the room, I held a different opinion, aa I knew the neighbourhood to be in vested with cats of every description, any one of which could wail and cry in a manner worthy of the mjthical baDshee. Shah BrmiB. — According to the Chicago correspondent of the San Francisco Eteni-.tj BuUitin 3,000 10. of oleomargarine are manu factured daily in Chicago. He states:— 'A Tribune representative went on an investigating tour on November 16, and discovered fifteen butter factories in full working order. The 'butter' made in these concerns is a com potrridof various ingredients, among them soap stcce. laid, tallow, and fatty substances. The disgusting business is so profitable that it finds numerous people who embark in it. la some cases the material used is vile beyonl be lief, and most nn wholesome in others. Al though the taste revtlts at the ingredients used, they are not necessarily deleterious. Cn-Hrss is also adulterated with the same villanous matter, and commission men complain that they are much injured by this growing element in the dairy business.' 