Ftnns of @€U)3 Political. — -The present will be a busy and important week in the political world. The Ministerial elections take place to-day, and on Thursday Parliament re assembles. The Government, if all goes well in the constitaencies, propose to wind np the business of the session on Thursday, and to commence a new session on the following Tuesday, when they will ask for supplies, and then adionrn for a few weeks in order to prepare their measures. To-day contests take place in West Bonrke, Moira,- Delatite, and Ararat, the Ministers seeking election being -'Sir ilryan "OlLoghlen, Premier; Mr. Bolton, Postmaster-General : Mr. Graves, Minister of Customs ; and Mr. Gaunson, Minister of Lands. Drunk and Disorderly. — The Police Magistrate was occupied for a con siderable time yesterday in hearing a charge brought against the landlord of the Tin mil-' ton Inn for "allowing drunken and dis orderly persons to assemble on bis licensed pre mises, when, even according totlie evidence given by Constable Sparling, only one per son" had gone to the house, and opinions strangely differed as to tee state he was in. Constable Sparling swore that the man was drunk and.liad let .his team of bullocks stray about the town, ont was quicKiy proancea when asked for .and went quietly to the lock up. On tee other hand, several witnesses, were positive teat tee man was "neither drunk nor disorderly. It was , also stated be was not served with drink at- the Hamil ton Inn, that he had only been a few minutes there when Constable Sparling appeared on tee scene, teat he said he had given his bullocks into 'tee charge of a man named Porter, and further, teat he had engaged & bed for tee night. Although it was not at all likely any . sober man worild calmly permit himself to be taken into custody on a charge -of being drunk, it certainly was not satisfactorily proved, even if the evidence for the prosecution had not been rebutted, teat tee man was disorderly, and it heenis to. us teat Mr. "Doyle, in being fined, was hardly dealt with. The fine imposed was merely nominal, and Lad the landlord . served Edwards with drink whilst tee latter was in a'dronken state, he would deserve' to be punished ; bnt tee evidence was distinctly to tee contrary. In the .interests of. his client Mr. Samud thought proper to make Home very scathing allusions to tee police, bat all who read tee report wQl agree wite US when we say he went a little too for. Of course there are good and had characters : in . every line of life, but taking fire police as a whole,. teS2-,W -as_re6jt£ble body of men as one could wish to meet. In the meantime Mr. Hamilton has "been asked to state a case for the "Supreme Court, and the result will be awaited wite some amount of interest by ; those "'engaged- in tee liquor trade. . A Well- Deserved Promotion. — The many friends of Constable M'Elroy, who has been so long and favourably known in Hamilton, will be glad to learn that he. has received a ' well-earned promotion. " Mr. ' it'Klroy, who may well claim to be one of tee -'Old guards, joined tee force in 1853, end "since teat time has established a repute- , tfon as a reliable and trustworthy officer; fearless and vjgUsat 1>» tee, discharge of his 'duties. On receipt of tee Information at tee"baixacks, .Constable M'Elroy was warmly "congratulated by all the officers with whom he has been so long assoclatedr- POLWARTH AND "SOUTH GRENVIIXE.— It is stated that Bhonld Mr: Gaunson suffer s defeat at -Ararat to-day, he will place. his Services at tee disposal of tee electors in Pol- Warth and Sonte Grenville. Should he do so irToPPOtitioh to Mr. William Robertson, he wall not stand the ghost of a show, as tee reparation presented to the gentleman named has been signed by nearly four hun dred selectors who pledge themselves to sup port him against allcomers. The Speaker of tee Legislative Assembly: issued his writ on Saturday "for the return of a member for Polwarth and Sonte Grenville. in the place of tee late llr. OHea. The following an tee pnwrgrantete made r-ijfey before tyhich August. The Co lac Reform League is mak ing great efforts to prevent Mr. Robertson having a walkover for. Polwarth and .Sooth Grenville. Failrng.alocal candidate a depu tation was appointed Ao visit Melbourne, and secure a representative. Mr. J. J. Casey, amongst others, mi communicated wite. Mr. Casey toqktamqjfo consider tee'matter, ; bnt it is now Snderetood that he will fie pirt in nomination. . Municipal Elections. — The annual ideriions . for : vacancies . in tee Hamilton "Borough Council are, so far, creating but little interest, this notwithstanding there jrill Jrc.fourjjacanoesI.J3fc..Bta.yshay's..seat having been declared vacant owing to non- attendance, and three councillors retiring through effluxion of time. One of these (Cr. Learmonth) announces he will not seek re- Yteetitmra"te«Mta --thaV-will teeyiety'gene- relly regretted, as he has been a most useful member, and universally respected by his fellow-ratepayers. Cr. Learmontli'e reason for not again offering ' his jservices is that he living at so "great adrstabce from town, it is fmt inpfinmninnf fn hnun fn wiritit meetings,-and 'tee Council' have decline to alter the hour until jome time daring the /afternoon. There is.no doubt the reason will be deemed valid, and it is a ' pity that some alteration in tee time of meeting osn- not be made, as Cr. Learmonth is -not the only member avho resides at a distance.from Hamilton, and would probably prefer day light to darkness. Mr. Brayshay has not, so far as we know, intimated whether he intends to come' forward again or not, and, in the meantime tee ratepayers should be up and doing and select a candidate to succeed Cr. Learmonth, that is to say, if that gentle man cannot be prevailed upon to alter his decision. In the Shire of Dan das there will be opposition in two of the ridings, but it is generally thoufdit teat the retiring members -having done good -service, will be re-elected. In tee South Siding, Cr. Christie trill, it is almost certain, be returned unopposed. In tee West Riding, Cr. Forsyth is to meet an opponent in Mr. Lougfanane, and in tee East Riding Cr. Anderson will be met by Mr. Hynes. Roman Catholic Church. — The cdebrated Temperance advocate, tee Rev. Father Heunebexypreached to crowded con gregations in the Hamilton Roman Catholic Church oh Sunday, turd will preach there twice every day during tee whole of this week.' It is also probable that tee rev. gentleman, who has made thousands of con- verts to the cause, will deliver a public lecture on Temperance on Friday evening, in the Town HalL The attention of members of the church residing in tee Penshnrst and Macarthor districts is called to an advertisement. The Waterloo Cop. — Our great national _ coursing event, which will com mence to- morrow on the Hon. W. J. Clarke's estate at Snnbnry, has for some time past been creating an immense amount of interest in tee coursing world. It has generally been the. opinion that hares once caught, and taken away foam tear accustomed haunts, are not much good for coursing purposes afterwards, but , wite each game the experi ment will to-morrow be tried. During tee past'few weeks a large number of hares have been caught and placed 'on the scene of the forthcoming contest, and these, it is arid, when set free, go straight to a "home". If so, flukey trials will be tee exception and the best dog ought to win. Tins being the case it will astonish not a few if some of tee stakes are not brought up to this district, as at least four, .and probably five of our best .dogs will compete. Four will run in the following nominations, viz. — Western Coun tess in Sir. James McCulloch's, Wollomi, in 'Mr: J. Robertson's, Western Lady, in Mr. Bockefa,' and" Bashful Maid, in Mr. A. Smith's. Bashful -Lady has also been sent down, and her owner is nearly snre to get a nomination for her, probably tee Hon. T. Bromell's, If that gentleman's own crack should not happen to be in the best form. Locally, £4000 to £120 has been taken about Bashful Maid by one party ; Western Countess and Wolorai have each been backed to win £2500, and it may safely be asserted that every Hamfltraian dog will be well booked by tee metropolitans, the reputation pined by Messrs. Wiggins and Walter' as' trainers having saonred -great respect for any greyhounds sent ont from their kennels. The Y.RC. Grand National -Stooplochase Meeting held "on the Melbourne course on Saturday afternoon proved a most nterestine and enjoyable event. It was estimated there were about 10,000 persons on the gronnd. His Excellency the Governor attended the meeting, and remained on the ground during tee racing. The first race was the Maiden Hurdle Race, which was won by Handy Andy, Mulatto bring second, and Loth/tir third. The Maiden Steeplechase was won in grand style by Great Western ; Collingwood was second, and Pairlie third. The Grand National Hurdle Race was carried off by Sir Peter, after a fine finish wite Cumberland. Dhurringhile was a good third. The Grand National Steeplechase was .won by Sussex ; Twilight was second, and Lacy third. Gazelle blundered at the last fence when in a good position. Presi dent won the Selling Hurdle Race, after a close finish wite Albyn, who waited a little too long. Union Jack was third. The win ner was pnt np for sale and bought in for £310. Monitor swerved from a dog while in the race and threw Barlow, whose leg was broken in thefolL The meeting terminated with tee Flat Race, which was won by Wood lands ; Respite "was second, AttacliiS third. Got of the six events in the programme, no less than four were won by sons of old Panic ; while in. another event, the Grand National Steeplechase, Twilight by Panic, tan second. Corrigan performed tee great feat of winning the first tbroe events, namely, the Maiden Hurdle Race, the Maiden Steeplechase, and the Grand National Hurdle Race, and he ran second in tee Grand National Steeplechase. Last night, Barlow was reported to be pro- imxicinrr fa rnn raM w ' The Karl of Clanwilliam. — Tele graphing on Friday, the Sydney corres pondent of the Argus says: — "It is not probable that the detached squadron will leave to-morrow, as originally intended, on account of tee sudden indisposition of Rear- Admiral tee Earl of Cianwilliaiu. Shortly after noon to-day tee Admiral, wite several: officers, was bang photographed on board Bis; flagship, tee Jneonstant, , when he was seized with a fainting fit, the "attack re sembling paralysis. He was at once attended to by the ship's surgeons, bnt notwithstand ing every effort he did not recover conscious ness, ana at a late hour this evening he still remained insensible. Saturday, 2.12 a.m. — In reply to enquiries just made, it was stated that the Admiral was progressing favour ably." A telegram on Sunday night states that the Admiral is better, though not re covered, and the departure of the squadron : will probably be delayed until the arrival of the Bacchante, in command of Lord Charles Soott. Lawn Tennis.: — Mr. Eastwood, die energetic secretary of the SanlrR and Law Cricket Jdhb, ' has . taken : the matter of the formation of a Lawn Tennis Club in hand. It wall be remembered that, some months agcvMr. Eastwood was successful in obtain ing a grant of a portion of the vacant land hear tee College for a cricket and recreation reserve; this it is intended to fence in, drain, and form, when a first-class gronnd will be provided. In tee meantime, a vacant allot ment in Skene-street .will be -used for the purposes of the game. . A handicap tourna ment, in which several ladles and gentlemen take "part, is being played at present. Snipe are beginning to put in a somewhat early appearance this season, a few having yesterday been seen about "a mile from town. Frozen - Fish. — We are glad to leant teat a proposal has been mooted irbPortiand to freeze fish there, not for exportation to Europe, as that' Would be like Pending coala to Newcastle, hut for transit throughont tee inland, portions pf the_colony. There is no doubt that it would be agreat hoon to up- J country people were they able, summer and winter, to obtain regular supplies of fresh fish, especially such fish as obtained in and near Portland Bay, and 'as the enteroriBinv J. B. Woods thinks about .taking the matter in hand, there is every reason to believe the project will be. brought to a SuceeBsful issue. Mb. W. Kearney, Hothamwood, : Gfenthomson, writes to contradict tee state- " ment inserted in tee ' Western Agriculturist of tlie 23rd instant, which was to tee effect' : that . he was a candidate for a seat in the j 1 Ararat Shire Conncfl, ws be lias no intention 1 standing for teiitteilri - 11 AJEalsb Alawl— During the past ' j f»4ii jiiinor wa« jpurrent to the effect 1 Thomson-street was afflicted with that loath- ' sane disease, leprosy. We are glad to be ' able to state, on the authority of thehealth- o&cer;, Dr. James, that there -is hot tee dehtnt foundation for tee report, tee cir culation of which has rather seriously injured iti nnfortanate victim. . 'Donkeld. — We learn that it is the intention of Mr. L. Narofma-un, of Duukeld, tc come forward for the vacancy in the _ Mt. Erase Shire Council caused by the.rerignar tpn of Cr. HabeL , L Despatch in the G.P.O. — The R.M.S. Malwa arrived at Melbourne yesterday morning at two o'clock. The HamRtonbags were forwarded on by the np-train, and the town delivery was effected tee „ same evening. Glen Thomson Ploughing Match. — A splendid piece of land situated in Mr. MTieUan's Pollockdale paddock, less than a mile from the township, has been jrlaced at the disposal of the committee. It is antici pated teat the match will be a verv enccess- fnl one. . " Attempted Murder. — At Preston "Hill, near Smythesdale, on Saturday, a baker named William Btuge, stabbed his son in the lower part of the jaw, the knife penetrating right to tee bone, and tee gash extending nearly up to the ear. Dr. Jordan, who was sent for, found that the wound was over 6in. in length, but not of a fetal character. Old Barge bolted into the bush, where a constable subsequently found him. On being asked what he was doing there, he said he wss looking for a tree from which to hang himself. He was taken into custody, and brought up before tee local court, but remanded till next Saturday at Caxnghom. The Ferret Case. — Sentence was passed in tee Criminal Court on Saturday on Henderson, Wallace, and Wright, convicted of conspiracy in connection wite the steamer Ferret. The prisoner Henderson made a statement to the Court denying that there was any conspiracy to sell tee ship, and declaring that his story was true that tee ship had been hired for tee Peruvian Govern- , ment to ran tee blockade. The other prisoners made no statement. Mr. Justice Williams sentenced Henderson and Wallace to seven years' imprisonment, as he con sidered they were tee arch-conspirators. Wright was sentenced to imprisonment for three years and a half. An application was made, on behalf of Mrs. Henderson, that tee police should restore a sum of £600 found with her. His Honour said he was inclined to make the order, bnt would postpone a final decision till he returned from Geelong, where he was to hold Assize Court on Monday. Geelong Winter Meeting. — The official handicaps for tee Geelong Winter- Steeplechase Meeting, which is to be held an Friday next, are published - in another column. Acceptances, Ac., are to he made on Wednesday evening, and there is every prospect of tee meeting being worth going many miles to attend. English Comic Opera Company. — Notwithstanding the inclemency of tee weather, a very good audience greeted this troupe upon their second appearance in the Town Hall on Saturday evening. "Love Kids " and the " Waterman were placed on tee boards on this occasion, ana the pieces were amply done justice to by the various performers, who seemed quite ati you u tneir parts. Un Monday evening a very good bill was presented to, we regret to say a thin house, as the entertainment was really good, and despite tee feet that they played to poor business, tee company en tered into the programme as heartily as if the hall were crowded. In addition to tee comic opera "Equinoctial gales" an excellent programme of vocal music was rendered, a local sang, in which tee name of a well- known policeman was mentioned, taking tee fancy of the audience so much that a triple enoore was insisted on. The Company leave to-day for Portland. The Illumination of the Falls. — It has been suggested that were Mr. Trainor to set fire to a tar barrel behind tee Wannon Falls on Friday night, it would add to the attractions offered by tee Pigeon Match ; that is to say, if Ms intention to do so were made pnblloly known. General Garfield. — It will be ob served with greet regret that the latest advices from America give an unfavorable report of tee state of General Garfield's health. The United States can ill afford to lose so good a man as the President, who appears to he highly thought of even by those politically opposed to nim. The Illustrated Australian News. — The last number of this illustrated paper, just published, is certainly one of the very best that has been issued. In addition to tee usual amount of illustrations and letter press, tee subscribers are presented wite a nioely colored plate "Australian Flowers," in which a young lady is represented in the act of gathering floral beauties ; also a lithograph giving a vivid description of the excitement on board an inward bound steamer on tee occasion of "Taking the Pilot" during a tolerably stiff breeze. The other illustrations are quite up to the ordi nary standard. The Clip in Riverina. — A Wil- correspondent telegraphs : — A satis factory clip is expected in this district. The lambing has been an extrordinarily good one throughout Riverina. The plains present a beautiful appearance, bring well grassed and covered in places with wild spring flowers. Shearing is now becoming general- Four hundred bales have already come in for scouring. Alleged cure for Smallpox. — a correspondent of tee Stockton (CM.) Herald gives the following aa a core for small-pox, and also for scarlet fever: — "I herewith append a rooript whioh has been used to my knowledge in hundreds of cases. It will nrerent or core the amall-nox. even'tennch the pittings are filling. Yfhei Jenner dis covered the cow-pox in England the world of science hurled an avalanche of feme on his head, hat when the most scientific school of medicine in tee world— that of Paris — published this receipt as a panacea for small pox it passed nnheeded. It is as unfailing as fete, and conquers in every instance. It is perfectly harmless when taken by a well person. It will also core scarlet fever. Here is tee receipt as I have used it, and cored many children of scarlet fever. Here it is as I have used it to cure tee small- < pox; when learned physicians said tee patient tnnrt die : — Sulphate of zinc, one grain ; fox glove (digitalis), rare grain ; one half a tea- spoonful of sugar ; mix wite two tablespoons- fnl of water. When tee above has been thoroughly mixed, add four ounces of water. Take a tesspoonful every hour. Either disease will disappear in 12 honrs. For a child smaller doses according to age. If countries would compel physicians to use this, "there would be no need of pestihonses. If you vaine advice and experience, use this for teat terrible scourge." Stock and Stations. — Messrs. Hacdermott Bros, and Scare report -having sold, on account of Messrs. Kilgour and Woodhonse, their Brunette Downs Station, 2000 square miles, in the Northern Territory of South Australia, price £4000 ; Mr. Walter Donglas bring tee purchaser. The same auctioneers report having sold (in conjunc tion wite Mr. G. C. Longhnan, of Sydney), -on account of Messrs. Trail and Pavenc, . their Eva Downs run, in the Northern Terri tory of South Australia, 1800 square miles, at a satisfactory price, Messrs. M'Kinnon and Maker bring tee purchasers. Dentistry. — Mr. F. & w. Mawson may be consulted at Merino, Wednesday, 27te; Digby, Thursday, 28th; Carterton, Friday, 29th; Coleraine, Saturday, 30th Jnly. 14 Poets nascitob, ohajor fix," means,: liberally translated, that tee men who have signalised their lives by certain achievements, have been specially endowed and fitted by nature for the particular purpose. He minds of all tee centuries might have plodded ftuitlesaly at certain enterprises, and the grand principles from which the crest discoveries of tee ages were developed might hare unfolded themselves to many, and yet no inventions re suited therefrom. Itremmiedtbthepnmritea' ana hhn rione, to have originated Udolpho WoweVs Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps. ARSOIDVBairAM OF HoREHODND.— Nothing cures Coughs and irritation of the Throat ted pongs so qmcgy as this exedlent preparation, to esses -of Bronchitis, Wheezing, tiebr;, Oongforend feverish Colds, it shouhfiit enroll rarerted to. At «reatiy strengthens tea chest nd voice. Sold by- all chemists and store keepers. Two Gold urdals awarded Amebic?,- : ffaltham Watches.— The only medals awaided J Ihe Eteffutien of WateheAMelbotime Inter- : Mtumsl Bririhition, IgMUvBjgtsiiiniB WsMraat- | 