WISE AND UNWISE DOUBTING. BY THE REV. H, H. DOBNEY. ' He is not doubting wisely, for one, who loves doubting better than believing; Yet have I known more than a few who -gave methe in evitable impression that this was their case. I have known those who were eager to read all that clever men could write against Christianity, against Theism even, and yet who would.not get the books which equally competent men — often, indeed, more competent- — wrote in reply. The last advertisement I noticed of "Super- \- natural Religion" announced the sixth edition, so that it has. had a large sale. I wonder how many who eagerly welcomed it have been as earnest to buy and read the masterly replies by Canon Lightfoot and others ? An abcute and clever young fellow of twenty once asked me to lend him such and suoh a book, naming one I may be excused for not mentioning, which .was written to undermine: the foundations of Christianity. The book: could : not. .be read without almost certain .injury to any one who was not prepared, by previous culture, to see where its subtle errors began. I told him as much, . and, having inquired about his previous reading, asked him if he thought it wise, at his age, to begin his reading on sueh subjects with a course of cleverly- urged sceptical objections, which, to him, must inevitably look more than plausible, whatever they, might, seem to me. He got the book elsewhere, however, and gradually, by suoh exclusive reading, built him self up into an accomplished unbeliever. Did he,- think you, practise wise,' or most unwise, doubting? I have read of men in days gone by, who, knowing that they would certainly bo subjected to the action of subtle poisou, took the precaution beforehand of dosing themselves with the proper antidote. But for persons un prepared to cope (without danger to themselves) with ingenious and often seemingly unanswer able objections to the contents of the New Testament, and to do this without any call of duty, and quite wantonly and lightly, is it a healthy sign, and one we should like to see in son. or. daughter ? - Neither does he doubt wisely, who, though stopping short of . the class just referred to, allows ' doubt to get ahead of belief; who does not, in fact, make -believing his object, using the power and right of doubting only to pre serve him against, premature, and crude and false.1 conclusions; The truth-loving man will read; and search, and think— and, let mo add, pray— with the view to build, and enlarge, and beautify such a home" for bis soul as wo arc reminded of by the words of Solomon: ' ' ' Every . wise woman buildeth her house, but tho foolish plucketh it down -with -her hands ;" and " Wisdom hath builded her house, she hath hewn out the seven pillars:"- I believo in that palacs-home of Wisdom,' with' its seven pillars. But what home for the' soul will the mere habit of doubting — and especially of doubting "for doubting sake— ever build, and what would be the pillars' thereof ? I have known the habit of doubting so in dulged in and ; cherished, that, at last, the \- victim of it (I can . uso no other term), as if instinctively, always looked at once, and eagerly, , for the difficulties and objections that could anyhow be found against whatever was propounded for belief, no matter with what venerable or even holy associations and recom mendations it might come before him. Ulti mately, such a liabit leaves a man with a great power for doubting — ay, and a keen appetite for it, too, and a most attenuated capacity for believing. This is an analogy in tho world, in the man who, considering himself shrewdest of the shrewd, flatters himself that he shows his thorough " knowledge of the world" by regarding every man as a rogue. There are that cannot believe in the disinterestedness or out-and-out integrity of any man, or the real purity of any woman. Not desirable com panions; not the men that friends are made of; but, still, in. certain circles to be found by the score. Just so appear to mo the men who have eagerly cherished suspicion of everything pertaining , to religion, and who show, off their fine critical acumen, and their great intellec tual superiority to us common mortals, by the dogmatism of their sweeping denials. But tho soul of man is not nourished -by mere' denials, cannot live on negations, As well might a man think to sustain his bodily life by merely analysing all the food that came before him.; To test your bread , &c.; , from: time to time, may be needful, but in'1 the name of common-sense don't he everlastingly testing; get some, good wholesome food, somewhere, at all events; or else you ; may as well at once engage, nurso and doctor, and even look out your grave, and arrange with the undertaker. Sb - I see men spiritually, waning, and . pining, and growing paler and feebler, and ready to give ' up the ghost— ay, ghosts already— all for:-' lack of those ' positive truths which others1 find to abound in all the elements of highest life. , And, not unfrcquently, this habit of doubt ing for doubting sake, 'and for the supposed cleverness of it, and which a man may ; pride himself upon for a time, leaves him at last in a state which becomes unbearable to himself. The inevitable years bring their melancholy changes ; he is .ncfc I so'y'oung.'as he' was, has-not the 'same -buoyancy, or vigour ;' friends are fewer ;-ho is getting to be left behind ; he is solitary, -and is thrown more, in' upon .himself, and finds there /little; to sustain him, and, ' alas ! nothing to ' gladden or inspire him! Then ' the craving of the soul for the positive,' which belongs to man as ah original appetite, if I may say so, puts him; though be' may not like to acknowledge it, out of conceit with all. his life- long cherished scepticism, and be secretly envies the believer, envies even the' credulous whose credulity has, at all events, ministered to theirpeaco of some kind. In this mood, the pretensions of a Church and a priesthood professing certainty, infallibility even, become secretly attractive;, and if his sur roundings do' not prevent, bo 'may not im probably end his: career of too much pride in falsely called freedom of thought by kneeling servilely at the feet/of the priest, and surrender ing into the hands of " tlie Church " all right to call even his conscience his own; This has happened over and over again. This is what hnppebed'to the young fellow'abovo referred to. The last time I heard of him he was weary of the long and harassing' search after truth by the system of suspicion and denial, and was ena moured' of the certainty which Rome vaunts herself the possessor of. Extremes beget extremes; Ultra- Romanism begets scepticism, and again, scepticism yields votaries to Rome. .' .There is also too much reason to fear that in some cases a very poor kind of pride— though what kind of pride is not poor? — may, albeit unconsciously, be at the bottom of a good deal of freely-indulged doubt and denial. There is such a thing as intellectual scorn ; and just as tho vulgar rich may toss -'the head in dis dain of social "inferiors." "the common 'people," -so certain minds may choose to be superior to believing things held by people who can form no conception of the scientific or philosophic altitudes where they sit as princes of the world of thought. Shall they believe ' anything in common with tho Philistine crowd of church-and-cbapel goers ? This, indeed, may be tho extreme - and virulant form of the disease,' but the same devatalising malady iu its elementary .stage has touched not a few. Many a_ young man thinks it a fine thing to intimate his emancipation from "all- that the 'nurse and all the priest hath taught," and foolishly fancies himself too, a thinker when he says; " I think with So-and-so." I have seen 'not a little of this paltry kind of unbelief,1' and wish, with all the earnestness I can, to warn young men especially against . one' of - the mischievous forms of falsehood that I know. Yes, deliberately do I write that' word— falser- hood ; for is not this stato of mind an utterly false one? - Can there be : "truth - in,' the inward parts," when a lurking wish is allowed and even indulged, to disbelieve what others believe, for the sake of seeming superiority, arid being able to plume one's self on one's cleverness? Tlie conceit which comes so easy to us all, and which in young men haB not yet had time to be scourged out of them by tho . providential discipline of life, lies at the bottom of not a little of the scepti cism I have met . with: And in such cases, I do not know of any argument whatever that will conyince the sceptic of the truth that he .thinks -it so fine to refuse and argue against. It is not an intellectual remedy, applied from without,' that he needs. In his present niood' he is not couvincible. If truth herself,' in jail her. majesty coulcl bo presented before him, he would pride himsolf on his sagacity 'in detecting at a glance that she was a cheat., ' It is a moral and spiritual .ciirb that' bitch a one needs. Ho. is blind, arid .unhappily fancies that he sees. But,' some may say, such1 as these scarcely come " under tho head' of ' ' The . Perplexed, ''for whom these letters are, intended; True ; but' they often lead their, unsuspecting companions' into a frightful vperplexityj ' and I . wish to counsel; the iugenous .and' trustful not to allow themselves to be unduly disturbed in tbeir holiest convictions' by aught that can bo urged by auy' who show - themselves, coh- 1 ceited,' flippant, 1 irreverent; ' Let them rather only, listen to tho wise. ;V ' ' Again, ' some are led into 'doubt through a secret longing for a kind of freedom which religious truth j would most certainly: veto. Not' a few mistake . license for freedom. They misuse that noble name. Now. if any young man (removed : probably from liis father's home and his mother's eye) wants to live away from tho' restraints of a good conscience, the : subtle reasonings — or perhaps not even subtle, only foolish — of certain confident, and apparently high-spirited and .hilarious, com panions will, because they are not unwelcome, seem to "have something iu them," to be " worth looking at," and as in such cases it is a thousand to ' one but that all- the pop-gun artillery will be played against mere caricatures of the truth, or the opinions of the least in telligent "professors of religion," or the defective' lives of oortain "Christians," tho voluble talker heeds not be much of a thinker. There may be a complete diarrhoea of garrulity fluxe cle liouche) on suoh topics, and the1 clever fellow of the circle may carry all before him, and yet his poor head may never have ached for an hour iu consequence of any hard thinking or : noble reading. The unbelief that is,- how ever unconsciously, fed by the secret dislike to come at once under the eye and the guidance of such a Mastor of. true life as Christ, is not amenable to argument. And I refer to this class — surely not uncommon wherever young men are by circumstances thrown together- only for tho sake of putting some for, whom I write on their guard, and counselling them not to suffer themselves to be .moved by any' who 'can either mock at holy things, or take: a pleasure iu discovering flaws in the characters of religious people, or treat - even: the" great questions of religion with lovity. Surely all such must be peremptorily excluded ' from the category of those who "doubt wisely." I counsel tho perplexed, then, at once to look well to 1 tlie cause and origin of tbeir per plexity. Let: them .search their own hearts, and that in the clearest light they know of. Is there any secret thing that will not : bear the light ? For he .that doeth truth cometh : to the light that his:deeds may be'made manifest that they are; 'wrought; in 1 Godj but every one that doeth evil hatbth the light, neither come 'to the light, lest his .deeds1, should be : reprby'ed. '.Ts; there; any poor unworthy motive .operating 1 to ' make' doubt not unwelcome ? What ris!' the; ; character, of their companions ? 'From what kind; of, mehvh'avQ they . learnbd their misgivings ? 1 . I KOUU , . i .But suoh us are good men can give good things, , ' ; And that which is not good is not delicious To u well-governed and wise appetite." :- - , I have freely admitted that often , doubt "is , a duty'; that, in. the course of the centuries, tho Truth-may have; gathered some ugly. 'accretions, which it is ' well to yield tb.'an ubsophisticated conscience in' suspecting. But.'.dbubts; of this kind will grow ; stronger . in the . divihest'.Iight in which they ;caii be ; set. Would : the ' doubts of my friends,' if largely indulged,' . tend,. to make God more . glorious in the eyes of men ? to quicken tho consoienco, and-arouse the soul, and purify, and strengthen, and elevate the life? Or the reverse of all this ? Is it- in our; best moods, or iu our poorest, that they comb with, most force ? And meanwhile, till tlie Father of Lights (oh, blessed name !) send; a clearer ray, of His own light into your perplexed minds— (and remember, He is never in a hurry ; you may ultimately be .none the- worse, but all the better, for having: known the conflict! the bitter .strife, the darkness that makes the cheek wan and pale)— what shall you do? Be faithful to what light you have ; do not obtrude -your difficulties, while as yet you can speak no help ing word, on others who are still free from disquietude ; but at the same time do not pre tend to hold anything you do not believe,— for your life, not this 1 — wear no mask, be guilty of no insincerity, do all tho good you can, of what ever kind, love the duty that comes next to hand, and keep your wholo mind and heart open to whatever light may quietly come. For God is Light, and into the soul whose windows are not darkened from within he is ever send ing, though generally in the softest, simplest way, so that some do not recognise it as light, oiie little illuminating ray after another, till, by-and-by, lo 1 we are conscious that light haB been coming, though like Jacob. " we knew it not." — A Christian World. 