CITY POLICE COT7ET. At the City Police Court this morning, before the Police Magistrate, Colonel Ross,, and Messrs. 0. Spry, and A. R. \ Jones, JJ.P., three drunkards were discharged. Jane Davis,' for being drunk and disorderly and making use of obscene language in a publio street, was fined a total sum of _6, with the alternative of three mouths and twenty - four hours' . imprisonment. Patriok - Mooney, ; brought up ou a warrant for disobeying a summons issued ugiuusf, him in tho above case, was fined £2, and 6s. costs of court, in default, forty-eight hours' in the oolls, for creating a disturbance in u publio street. Henry Beesloy appeared in answer to a summons issued by the police, charging him with having, on the 13th .August, unlawfully and knowingly, in his 'possession, house, or control, certain native birds, to wit, four wild pigeons, the said date being within the period, that snoh birds are protected. Inspector Lewis prosocuted, and Mr. Chubb appeared on behalf of the defendant, Several witnesses were ex amined in ' support of . the oharge, but it was finally agreed with the oonsent of both parties to withdraw the charge on the defen dant paying the costs. The Berioh allowed the information to be withdrawn under those con ditions. Bridget Byrnes was fined 10s. and 4s. 6d. costs of court, or, forty.eight hours in the cells in default, for assaulting Ellen Conway; and a similar penalty was inflicted on Ellen Conway for using abusive language tpwards Bridget Byrnes. Emily Hall, for using threatening laognage towards Margaret Burke, waB fined £1 and coats of court, with the alter native of twenty.four hours' imprisonment ; and Zaram Wilson, for using insulting lan guage' towards Robert Allison, was fined £2. 6». 8il. ooste of court, and 18s. witnesses' ex penses — in default of payment, Beven day's imprisonment. ? , . ' .'.? St. John's 8uneay .School.— We remind our readers that a concert in aid of the funds of the above Bohool will tnke plaoe at' the Town Hall, and wo are gliid to learn that the demand for tiokets for the occasion huh bcou very good The most interesting feature of the evening will be the violin;performances of Mr. R T, Jefferies1 little daughters. Y^storduy we had an oppor tunity of hearing those very juvenile violinists, and we oun prnmiBo -thqse who hear them to uigub a sorprininyr perjorrrmnpe. ,i,ne , pro gramme is well ssleoted, but it is very long, to that it, is to bo hoped the audience will abstain from ouoores which, if indulged in, will pro bably have the effect of cutting out somo of the pieoes altogether. PnopBHBon Pkppbb — The second lecture on ' Astronomy ' waa delivered last night, and again afforded both pleasure and instruotion. The eocond part of the evening was devoted to beautiful diommic views of Atnorionn eoenory. To night a very important change will be made in 'the programme. This will be a display of the ' Pepper ' ghost offoote, whioh have oreated so much astonishmont in whatever part of the world they have boon witnessed, and of whjoh/ tha imitations shown here afforded no good idea. It has been necessary to erect a special etago and accessories for these representations, whioh will oonsiat of ' Pygmalion and Galatea,' with numerous Illusory effects. The first part of the entertainment will oonsiot of views of anoient and modern statuary. In the third part torpedo warfare will be explained and illustrated, and ' Banquo'i Ghost ' (a Pepper Ghost «Seot) will conclude the evening. 