' CATHOLIC. USE EIGHT EEV. DR. TQRREGIANI AT INVERELL. On Sunday, Fob. IS (reports the Inverell Times), the Catholics o'f tnie district were oneo more visited by their devoted Bishop, the Eight Rev. 3Dr. Torregioni. His Lordship said Mass at 8 a.m. ??and admiuistfTod T?-iy Oommuniou to a great many persons. At II ?' '...ck ivvn. the Very Rev. IFatker Ohorubini, ex-Provincial O.S.F.C, oaid Mass. The singing of the choir Was splondid — crowded to excess. The candidates for Confirma tion formed a very nice and. pleasing circle around fche sanctuary, und great praise is due to the Sisters of St. 3'osoph for their zealous and suc cessful -exertions in bringing up tho children ?under ilieir charge in such a generally satisfactory anauuer, for their behaviour at church on Sun day last plainly showed what kind of reli gious education had been instilled by the good Sisters into their minds and hearts. Immediately after the 11 o'clock Mass his Lord ship ascended tho altar step3, read the Epistle and Gospel of tho Sep(,uageBima Sunday, and, flaking for his text ' Many are called, but few -chosen,' gave am impressive sermon. At the end ?of his sermott lie addressed himself particnto-rly to those who wore about to receive the S&cmuient; -of OoaSrruation, explaining to them in a clear maauor the gifts of the Holy Ghost, and export ing them, in forcible language, to keep those gifts always in their hearts in future, to treasure them up every day, so that fchey might thereby banish, ain and its occasions daily from, their souls, and be among, in the end, the chosen ones, who weve to onjoy for ever tho beatific vision of 'God in Heaven. 1 '' -?? the eermon liia ILordsMp administered the buurament o? Confir tmati-?n, at the end of which ho once more ad ?chv-ssed the confirmed and exhorted them to per severe to the end in their good resolutions, because the kingdom of God is promised, not to those who begin* but to those wlio persevere to the end o£ their lives. After Confii'mation several members of the congrega tion stepped forward and proceeded to the com munion rails to present an address and a purse of soveraigns to his Lordohip. Mr. T. J. Walsiat on behalf of the Committee and congre gation read an address, in which they expressed their joy at being able to welcome his Lordship 'amongst them. The address briefly stated the progress that had been made since the Bishop's first visit. A Catholic school had beon built, . ' which was being conducted by the Sisters of St. ? ' Joseph, and preparations were being made for the erection of a convent and presbytery. His ' - Lordship, in reply, returned hie sincere thanks to fchein all for the niea address and the kind feelings expressed in it. He was grateful to them for the interest they taken in the improvement of the mission. (The new schools reflected great credit on them all, and the plana for the convent were really 'beautiful : when it was built it would be an ornament to the town of Inverell. A presbytery also was much needed, and his Lordship was delighted to learn that they had contemplated building one. His Lordship 'was much pleased to kear such flattering accounts about the Fathers he had sent to Inverell. He had known them well in England. One of them, the Bev. Father Cherubini, had been his Lordship's Superior Provincial in England, and the other, the Rev. Father John Paul, had been under the Bishop in England for some time ; Brothor Lawrenco also was well known to him. Under the circumstances !he said ke felt sure that, in sending those threo Franciscan Brothers to Invorell laoV. year, ho was ??sending the right men to the right place. His UJordship thanked them again, and gave all present Ms pastoral blessing. In the ovoning at V.30 the Bishop again preached to a large congrega tion after Vespei's, and gave tho benediction of fche blessed Sacrament, Thus ended last Sunday at the Catholic church in this town ; a day that will be long remembered by the Roman Catholics ?of Inverell. We understand that tho tenders for 4he building of the new convent have been sent in, and were opened in the presence of the Com mittee. There were four tenders, and after mature consideration, tho committee decided to accept the tender of Mr. Anderson, which was the lowest, viz., £430. Thus another building will start soon in connection with the Roman Catholic Church in Inverell. 