OUR DlOaiNUH. Br ALKXANDKH JUJLAIIR. Briokdust Hill is tho name of our diggings; it has Iain noglected liko an old castaway shoo, frizzled up in ths sun, this many a year. It is ou no particular road to anywhere, but bush tracks to everywhere crop it in all directions. A sapling bliah stretches far away to the illimit able north; on the1 east lays the groat dismal drysludgo swamp and the town of Slumly (I suppose it is a town, for it haa apost-ollioo grocery combined-a butcher's shop, an hotel and a piano-for one may often bo hoard getting well thumped somewhere about); on the distant south lay tho world's champi' n reefs; and on the west are tho old Broil brain gullies, Vrying pan, Santipee, Triantelopo, eto., ad iuliuitum. Our diggiugs is ouo of the many old Bendigo rainilicatious, of which there are so many, and all so much alike, possessing a general bakedup appearauce and scarcity of water (liko the moon I supposo-like her for six months in tho year), exposed to the fierce pitiless sun through a rari tied atmosphere, and to mauy a chilly night aud morning. Want of water iu the long dry sum mer seems to be the chronic state of old Ben digo, except its great city - Quartzopolis, Quartzopolis ha3 water in galoro. Could'nt a poor half-inch pipe havo been spared, and a few pounds to lay it down to supply "positively the last appearauce of a rush"-"N.B. real pump aud tubs," as Dickens' theatrical manager haa it-on old Bendigo, For mouths now the diggers have had to sling buckets, &c.;, a la Ohinkee, aud trudge a mile or so to "Drood's dam" (I wonder if that inyatery has been satis factorily cleared up by Dickens's executors), and take what water tho perishing cattle can apare, mud, &'c., and all; but alas we are of no political importance here. The lire of central Beudigo reaches not to the youth of this soil. "Throw politics to tho dogs; I don't want 'em." "Sport is our littlu game when wo can get a gun," seems to bo their motto, aud waudoriug through the sweltering bush shooting rabbits aud the puor little bush birds is their idea of sport. Certainly a good spriukle of the youth springing up about scarce know tho meaning of the word politics. The Italian hordes who were enveighled here to grow grapes did as most people do in this country-kicked against their own trade aud took to something quite dif ferent ; turned Boscarelli, and have been slaughtering our graud old forest trees for years past, aud now the land is ovur run with saplings aud half Italian " gum suckers, neither these, or the Anglo-" Chiukee " race, springing up so thickly in Australia, know or care what ll ig they are under, or have any idea What the Euglibh ilag is if they saw one. (Talking politics to Buch a mixture is mere bosh.) Through tho sapling bush, on fine evenings, may uow and then be Heard, instead of the pre valent nigger minstrel dittiss, airs from the operas, such as The anvil chorus from II Trovatoro, Iu caldissimo Austrell-ia, Where la terra is No bou a, but feer Lo Bo-icarell-la. Who I who 1 1 Who 1 who 1 ! Would you ? No fear you (a la bugino Jack) No Boscarell-a; No Bosoarella, No Boscar-rell-la. (Echo piano)-Lo Boscar-rel-la. So Boscarella have jolly well smothered all the forests, and the Chiukees have pretty well swept tip all the gold-blow 'em, say I; this by Digger NViggius, formerly of Loudou. Brickdust Hill lay all' deserted and forlorn, sweltoriug in the too bright sun, when suddenly a chauge came; someone fossicking chauced on a few pennyweights, and, on the news spreading till Bendigo arose; such a thiui; as an alluvial rush had been unknown for years. Thirty years have passed sinco Bendigo first became known, and thoso who are left will still remember thoso golden days, when an ounce or pound weight to the tub was quite usual; but ah ! what a falling off was here, 40 or 51) feet deep and any amount of gadding, blasting, etc., amid -g,'forthat matter,-bn this precious place, and a thousand chances to one about hitting on the lead (we'll call it a lead for short.) However, the rush was carried on in the orthodox style; first week two claims getting gold, one licensed shanty; second week another claim, half-a- mile along supposed lead, got gold -rich ! half an-ounce to the load (shades of old Bendigo), three more licensed shanties, a hop beer and sandwich establishment, a blacksmith's bellows and anvil, and a too venturous billiard saloonist, whose building arose quick to the rafters and then disappeared from "mortal ken." They said afterwards that it went off to Temora, to-morrow, or across the wide ocean. (Oh tenpenuy ! Oh Moses!) Can such things be and overcome us like a hot brick-tielder. "Another orthodox pint about this lead we'll still call it a lead for argument sake-was that the blessed affair went slap into private pro oorty. Of course, no fact is so well established ou the goldlields as this, some peculiar Provi dence works in favor of landowners, so that all lead* ignore government grouud an I go out of their proper direction to add wealth to the wealthy. The same blessed man owned the first four paddocks whore the blesSed lead went through, although the Government ground ran alongsido it most of the way, and the way that blessed Mactick turned that 'ere Providence to account was a caution to the Greeks, blow me." Thus spoke Bill Wiggins, digger, formerly of Lon don. All Bendigo worked well together to make the rush a siuccess; positively the last appearance of an ancient rush on Bendigo, and farewell per formances of Old John the Diggerman, real tents, mia mias, etc., scenes depicting life ou the diggings in old times, produced under the direction of Siguor Vincentio Grummelini, manager. The journals contained exciting ac counts under the headiug iu large type, " Brickdust Hill Rush." Bunkum and party got 20 ozs from 20 loads. Knockidown and Blower bottomed to-day; they have three feet of wash, gold showing freely. Boosey and party sold a splendid nugget of 7 ozs to-day not working-bad air. The fact was Boosey and party, and a good many others, bottomed ehicers, and were seeking solace at the 3hanties! All this brought: people down in' droves to speculate. Shepherds, etc., men who would not stir out of sight of home, were given their . dinner, and invited to come down and try their luck by the "Old Woman." Quoits, those necessary adjuncts to a digger at a rush, made their appearance. On Sundays, people who had got on iu the world hired vehicles and brought their families, etc., down to Btare and' giggle at meu living in bush fashion, although their fathers probably had tramped with their swags to Bendigo in the old times of '52. One could scarcely believe that Bendigo had ever been a diggings, aud a pretty rough place too in the old times. These dressed-up descendants of men, whom it was the fashion to call in those old. times "lucky vagabonds," by people who were endowed with the ; title of " the wealthy lower orders," by a certain high toned barrister, camo dotf/n to "our diggings " in cart loads, for much tho a.iino reason as Lon don cockuoya went to Epping tforoat to aco gipsy life. Next time there is a rush anywhere near a few miles of a town, it would'nt bo a bad spec for some enterprising women to ataiu their faces with " Bol- ainmonia " (from tho chemist's shop around the corner, for six penn'orth please) and make up la Ziugara (old brown dresa and red handkerchief) and tell fortunes to the Ben digo cockney galsj and chaps at n bob or half crown a head, recording to tho customer's style. Tho flying contingents from town liutelo (liceusod) did a roaring trade on these days whilo it lastod; people at least, thoso of tho British stamp, as a rulo when out pleasuring, aa they term it, Boem to consider tho stuffing "booZe" of any sort down their throats, tho principal part of the pleasuro. However, tho au thorities as well aa otho.ro throughout tho whole "Empire that knows no setting sun," seoni to find tlioir account in thi3 addiction to booXo of a large class, the traffic in it ia hedged in, pro tected, and nursed, in such a manner that it leads to the idea that the whole trado is tho baokbone of tho nation's prosperity, and the principal factor in its immense revenuo. While on tho aulijeot of revenue, down at our diggings much disgust has arisen, and not a little blessing haa beer, given to tho highly liberal party, who do us tlio honor to "steer our bark of state," that same libera! party against whose chief so much abuse has been aimed, is a reason why one would not join in pelting willingly. That man baa made many grave mistakes, such as the embassy, the £5,000, and other tilings, probably bettor known to politicians of better knowledge than we have iu those matters. That man never mado a greater mistake' than when he roso the duty on our already heavily taScd tobacco) it ia the only luxury, some people call it, that tho man who has to work possesses; it is almost tho only colace many a thousand iu Australia havo in troublo of mind or body (especially when things are queer with the old woman), tho lonely digger,, tho footsoro travoller, tho homeless swagmau Wearily wandering o'er tho wide campaign, On rgnds amongst farms that dot tho burning plaid Full many a day, in hopes to enm tho mltcj Or at l«:it a " shake down " on a rainy night, So grudgingly doled by e"ch penurious hind, Who owua ii farm, and c.iu employment find. That Ministry now so long supported by the solf-styled " Great Liboral Party" will find out at tho first ohaneo tho mass of electors get, whore they have mado a mistake, a pasaablo stick of tobacco which used to cost fourpenco (and quito enough too)-mostly colonial rubbish -has been advanced to sixpence by a " Liberal Ministry;" and the " boss " of that party soemB to fc/fgefc that a fow years ago he could'nt, or would'nt, pay a baker's bill of £2 10a or so, " Who takes our pursti takes trash." We have none, or 'tiJ ... Full of emptiness, as is tlie bubbld. Which tho youngster blows on high". But he who taxes our too doar tobacco Will raise a storm about his lengthened ears. When tho time conies that shall far surpass The hideous din, as though nil hell broken looso. At tho casting of the seventh Freischutziau bullet. Ter-remble then ty-r-rant. -SP0KE3HAVE. This taxiiig of ottr neoessary luxury, tobacoo, occurred, while down at oaf digging shicer sink ing was being carried out with the greatest pluck and cheerfulness; day after day nothing but "sanguinary duffer" was the word, as hole after holo was bottomed, littlo was said about tobacco being " riz," but that little was sufficient to tell anyone that some people would "hava.it in " for the authors of the rise. Amongst many local notabilities who came to our diggings to see the rush, and dabblo in alluvial shares might have been seen a sprinkling of Verandah men, who would have eaten all tho ground the first week had prospeots encouraged them, and then all tho ahicero would liavo paid wage3 to those who sunk them. Pity they didn't buy all Mactick's paddocks; many a man would have made a pouud or two to have taken them to Temora, where distance as usual lending enchantment to tho view, any amount of gold was to be got, but with tho old Bendigo draw back-no water I No water! "T'was ever thus from ohildhood'a hour," as Mooro aaya, and t'waa eveu thus in Australia, and always will be, until a generation of the old" leaven passes, if ever this high driod arid land is to become at all habitable for future millions; what a graud schemo of canals, and artificial lakes may- hereafter be carried out. Wo have heard of the all conquering French engineers' works, hopes, and aspirations, the Suez Canal is one work that will do such honour to France as hundreds of Waterloos, Sedans, and Siugea of Paris can never effaco. England must take an outside place when Suez is men tioned. And there is Sahara, some Frenchman will make it an inland sea yet, if science ia to tako tlie lead of paltry commercial ideas of pro lit immediately; it is the spirit of commercial meanness whioli is continually leading to those " little wars;" and it is that spirit which will be Britain's ruin yet; is it, or is it not thatspirit which deluges a city with water, and leaves' a whole country parched, burned, and waterless under a torrid suu for more than six months of the year. See the hundreds of vain attempts to Cultivate teu, tweuty, or thirty acres of laud in this district from pure want of water; years of labour are thrown away because " it would not pay" to carry out a country water scheme. Would a country flowing with cool streams, aud its good soil enriched thereby, not pay ? Per haps some Frenchman will let water into our Central desert yet. j The Chinese boat us on the water question into " fits," aud the water works of the old Romans were among the wonders of the world. " Did "they employ a water rate collector?" It is to be supposed not, or Bome bill would pro bably have been extant at this day. Oh, joaee-paua, why haven't wo grand marble aqueducts aud free batbs as tho old Romans had provided for them out of their Emperors' pockets. Our government may be as good as is to be had in the presont melancholy state of alfairs, but every free Britain in Melbourne has to pay the inevitable " bob " for rail and saltwater bath. Sandhurst, no "Quartzopolis is its proper title, sixpence, second claaa dip, a great tax on a daily necessity; they did things bettor by far in old Rome. Tho drought continues. Six months now since the appearance of any thing like a good shower at our diggings; the w ohderfully hardy Austra lian trees keep up their normal atate of sombre green; anything like grass or herbage crushes like suow under tho feet; tho wild birds's natural and proper fear of man is nearly forgotten in that dread strait, thirst; wo leave small dishes of water by our tents in sheer pity for them, and many come regularly morning, noon, and night, to sip. The sun is dreadful in its might, tho flies torment enough to erase one to curse the day he saw "Australia Felix." Meat is blown if left un covered a minute, there is no relief except in tea, which is a bushman's chief revivifierin thisland. Nothing like warm tea to refresh and cool one; all the beer or other " boose " is poison in com parison on a real Australian scorcher. Tea, sugar, and tobacco, are the sweet anchors of bushinen, diggers, farmers, aud every one rough ing it. They Bhonld bo free as air to us. No taxiug them, do you hear that ? you precious liberal hum-drums who have got pitchforked in to positions which must astonish yourselves more than any one else. The long day of summer passes, and each digger goes wearily to his eatnp, but not to rest just yet, backets are slang China fashion, as brother Giovanni Macaroni Delia Italia says, and each man trots off a mile and a half or so to Drood's Dam, the only available wator left now for men and cattle for miles around. A grand old dam it is, and clay colored as the . water is, it is a refreshing sight in the cool evening, motionless as a spell-bound lakelet in an en chanted forest; thick groves of myall, scrub, and young straight saplings of gum and iron bark have sprung up, andaregrowingluxuriantly around, hiding the water, our sole resource, from any but chance discoverers. To those who know the mazy path that leads to it, it is pleasant to sit there after the sun is in the hush, and enjoy the stillness of the scene, broken now and then by strange sweet notes of little bush birds, never heard or seeU but in the scrubs. Above the water are the remains of gigantic works, which tell of former days of toil and broken hopes, and bright gold spent, the old poppet-heads remain high above the surround ing bush. They have stood there many a year grey and weather beaten; they may stand there many years longer like an ancient sentinel. They seem to watch over the deaerted scene, awaiting patiently the time and the man who shall clear the mystery and open the spell-bonnd treasure, BO vaiuly sought in other times. When the night set in on those days of the first flush at the rush on "Our diggings," the native youth of the surrounding townships com menced their orgies, reelAnglo-Australian cor roberee's, such firing of bushes, and burning of trees, «uch shouting, yelling, and bellowing like bulls of Bashan, as made night hideous. They did all the mischief; they found anyway handy; and then finding nothing else convenient bel lowed louder than ever. Sweet, native yoatb; lovely,'gentle, and amiable art thou in thy little innocent pastimes; kind and considerate to poor dumb creatures, and as'for the Spartan virtues and hatred of snobbery, why the Spartan youth were email potatoes, and few on a bill, com pared to you, my dear Australian youth. But State Schools in plenty doth tho laud adorn, Wherein sectarians shall no more corroberco, But noma Spartan virtues they should teach, aud scorn For th.it vilent of all 'tains-Snobbery. Tho time goes on and shicers are fltill tho order of tho day; nothing fresh or encouraging turning up, knots of men occasionally group round to see freah prospects washed at tho dirty little mud creek near. Ilero and there some bold speculator in bell topper and white shirt sleeves tries a prospect from his contract sunk claim with tho usual result, " not a color." Dia conaolato they oit down and calculato expensea with accompaniment from "Fra Diavolo, On quel mondo del mullock reclining, Vicino mi fiasco an ever Wan sunk Is nil bravo speculator repining, Aud tristo pensare he "thunk." llr-rumbles only just look in this dish Del'ora, che non o' a ghost of a show, D yo hear below, 41 down below." liiavolo ! Time hay passed quickly 011 " our diggings." One by 0110, tho bright spirits have left long ago, party on party have gone their different ways, the place is fast relapsinginfco its former state, the treo stumps are sending forth fresh shoots, tho places of the former camps are beginning to disappear, tho 11 lead" begins to partako of a sleepy bollowishnessof aspect,andthodeadwhite heaps surrounding the deserted shafts ataud out sad nnd lonesome in tho pale moonlight. Tho graves of bye gouo days, tho buu of our bright hopes baa sot, and the few diggers remaining of the old golden days of Bcndigo, who spent their best days on it, struggle on, for with thom it is independence- viz.,-TI10 licnevoleut Asylum. Tho night ia going, and so is the 41 midnight oil (tallow candlo price 2d, called sperm), paper is scarce those times, 30 are ideas. Withtheso few remarks, let us subsido for tho present. 