Most poople acquainted with tho requirements of tho town and distriot would bo inolined to think tbat wo havo quito enough hotels in Gundagai. Somo persons, howovor, would ap pear not to bo of that opinion. A few days ago an individual was observed to entor Mr. Bibo's new shop and procced in tho coolest manner possiblo to moasuro tho flooring, windows, otc.,. much to the surprise of the ownor, who could not mako out what on earth tho follow was up to. Having taken all tho moasurcmonts'of tho lowor story ho proceeded to the upper one, and conducted himself in a similar manner. Mr. Bibo was beginning to think that the man must bo a lunatic, and was cogitating upon the pro priety of sending for Mr. Thompson, when Mr. Stranger came out and addressed him thus, ' Say, mate, are you tho boss of that there con cern ?' ' Yes,' was tho reply. 'What's the rent F' demanded the stranger. ' Not to be lot, I'm going to reside in it myself,' replied Mr. Bibo. ' Sorry to hear it,' said tho other, ' for it would mako a dashed good hotel.' On Sunday Mr. Thomas Somervillo received from Mr. George Adams, of Tattersall's Hotel, Sydney, a oheque for £640, being the amount of the second prize in tho sweep on the Sydney Cup. About a fortnight ago (says the Wagga Ad vertiser) a bet was made between Mr. Love, ' surveyor, and Mr. Bebello, of this town, for £10, as to which could Bhow. on a certain date, the most handsome horse. Thursday last was the day fixed upon when the horses were to be pre sented to the eye of the appointed judge, but only one horse put in an appearance. Ho was Mr. Bebello's Sir Peter, aud he looked in the pink of oondition, and every inch tho handsome horse he is so well known to bo. As Mr. Lovo did not show up, Mr. BeboIIo claims tho bet, but is prepared to show Sir Petor against Mr. Love's horse at any future time for £10, £20, or £30. The Lord Bishop (Anglican) of Goulburn has been pleased to appoint tho following gen tlemon as churchwardens for St. James's Church, Adelong Crossing, viz. : — Mr. John Turner, sen., for the trustoes; Mr. Wm. Jamio son, jun., for the people ; and Mr. Frank Jenkins for the clergyman. An important decision, under tho provisions of the Land Act, of much interest to free select ors, has j ust been given by the hon. the Minister for Lands. The facts are briefly these. A free selector named John Pierce, of Brungle, near Gundagai, took up two conditional purchases, comprising in tho aggregate 400 acres, on the 26th November, 1874, and 3rd AuguBt, 1876, respectively. Failing to comply satisfactorily with the conditions of tho Act, tho selections were, after duo inquiry before the district Com missioner, forfeited to tho Crown, on the ground of non-residence and insufficient improvements, and gazetted as such on tho 23rd J uno last year. Pieroe being nuturally dissatisBod with this un toward decision, placed his case in tho hands of a Sydnoy land agent, Mr. James Carroll, and, through the action of that gentleman, the case was a second time referred to tho district Com missioner for furthor inquiry in open court, thereby enabling the claimant to advance ad ditional evidence in support of hi9 clah!P. The result was that last week the forfeiture of both selections was reversed. An immense anti-Chinose mooting was held at tho Sydney Masonio Hall on Thursday. Thou sands could not gain admittance. A resolution was carried, 'That a deputation wait on the Colonial Secretary urging tho necessity for immediato restrictive legislation.' A speoial reporter of tho Sydney Daily Telegraph says, despite all assertions to the contrary, it is an indisputable fact that several Chinese merchants in Sydney, if they were not the prime movers in the irruption, were cognisant of it between two and three months ago; and further, if they chose to impart the knowledge in thoir posses sion at present regarding the numbors of Mon golians likely to arrive, tho publio excitement would be much greater than it is. Mil. Carlo Marina, of Moppity, noar Young, has visited tho Italian immigrants, and ongagod three families. The Burrangong PaBtoral and Agricultural Association's next ehow is fixed for Wednesday, August 24. Some ono who has taken the trouble to count the patents issued to women finds that the num ber for the year ending July, 1880, was seventy, or ten more than the average. Most of tho in ventions of women have to do with household appliances. Amongst the past year' i are a jar lifter, a bag holder, a pillow-sha:.- holder, a dress protector, two dust pans, a washing ma chine, a fluting iron, a dress chart, a fish boner, a sleeve adjuster, a lap table, a sewing machine treadle, a wash basin, an iron heater, sad irons, a garment Btiffener, a folding chair, a wardrobe bed, a weathor-strip, a churn, an invalid's bod, a strainer, a milk oooler, a sofa bed, a dipper, a paper dish, and a plaiting device. The steamer Brisbane, with 106 Ohinese, from Hong Kong, via Brisbane, has arrived, and re ports a case of small pox during the voyage. ^ The steamer has been quarantined. The Bouth Australian Register's estimate of the wheat harvest has just beon issued. It shows that the total area cropped in South Australia this year is 1 26,490 acres in excess of that reaped last season. The grossproduotionwaB8,191,860 bushols; the quantity available for export is estimated at 137,600 tons. The Australasian says: — 'Many men, who have no othor calling or who havo failed in others, take up politics simply as a means of livelihood. As a calling it is not estimated very highly, and gives no Bocial status. This circum stance is readily accounted for by the fact that it is a calling that demands no capital, no char acter, no qualifications, and is ofton taken up by men merely on the ground that no other is open to them.' It is not generally known that a caravan of pilgrims for tbe Holy Land leave Paris every EaBter. Thie year tho pilgrims will set out from that, city on the 17th of 'March. . During the two months of their peregrinations the pilgrims will visit, in turn, the sanctuaries of Jerusalem, Bethlehem, and Nazareth, and all tho other towns and localities of Palestine referred to in the New Testament. Apropos of tho conaus in India. tho Darjeeling News of February 21 says: — 'There was a regular stampede amongst tho Nepaulese coolies in this district on tho night of February 17. There is hardly a garden whioh has not' lost numbors of the laborers omplooed, and some thing like 2000 coolies bolted from the Teesta road works. A sort of unreasoning and un reasonable panio seized tho people. Thoy had a vague apprehension of some impending and in evitable calamity befalling them if thoy remained in their houses on the night of the final consus being takon, and thoy deserted thoir homes in crowds, preferring to pass tho night in the juugle to remaining in thoir houses. One very prevalent notion among the Nepaulese was that a child would be taken from eaoh house by order of the Government, and that tho children's heads were to be cut off and placed under the founda tions of the Teesta bridge. Another notion was that a ohild from eaoh house was to be put on the tram for the engine to run over, and another prevalent idea was that a man from eaoh house was to havo his right arm cut off. The panio has now entirely subsided, and the people are returning to their homes. The detoctivos havo a clue to the robbery from the Commercial Bank, Melbourne of £1000. They know the destination of tho money, but do not expect to recover any. A CABLEGRAM lately stated that the Scotch doctors are investigating an alleged case of ex traordinary fasting, wherein a Glasgow girl has abstained from food or drink for 1 15 days. The cose is believed to be a deception. Says the Free Religious Index (Boston), on the Bible in Public Schools Question : — ' There are at least two versions of the Bible, each of which is claimed by a distinctive Church as the only, true and authorised one. From which will you read? From the Douay version ? Then you recogniso and inculcate Boman Catholic doctrine. From the King James' version? Then you havo practically legalised tho Protestant form of faith in tho publio schools. Or will you uppeal to the majority to decide which version it shall be ? Then you do what is still worse : you re cognise the doctrine in society that, in religious affairs, the minority has no rights which the majority is bound to respect, — a dootrine that has worked incalculable mischief in tho religious history of the race, which has been the fruitful mother of uncharity, intolerance, aud persecu tion, and which is directly at variance with the fundamental principles of Protestantism. Nay, more: you violate tho consciences of a vast number of our citizens, compel them to acquiese in and support schools which to a greater or less degree teach you special religious opinions, and subject tho children of Catholic, Jewish, and Freethinking parents to influences which they are taught to be harmful to their soul's welfare. You may do this, if you havo tho power; but you cannot do it justly. You may vote down the Catholio, tho Jow, the nationalist ; but you cannot reason them down. In retaining the Bible, you aro only encouraging the Boman Catholic demand for a division of tho public Bchool funds, and justifying parochial and private sohools for the education of Catholio youth. Both policy and justice demand, then, the prompt and total withdrawal of the Bible from all the public schools of America. If Protestant intoreBts suffer thereby, so much the more shame to the Protestant Church, and vice versa in respect to tho Catholics. But let us not do evil that good may come. The only public school system possible or just in a com munity like ours, in whioh thore is so much diversity of religious opinion, and in whioh all are taxed indiscriminately for its support, is one based on secular education, and from whioh all religiouB features are excluded.' A Sydney paper says : — ' On the doorstep of every Jewish house is a small parchment scroll, which is supposed to exert a powerful influence over the destiny of tho place. Tho People's Theatre, Melbourne, is the property of the Ben jamin family, and has had a Hebrew scroll for many years on its entrance door. The theatre has had many narrow oscapos from fire, and the lessees will never remove the parchment.' There is an almost unlimited demand for' potato flour in England and Europe : it is used for manfacturing purposes ; in Lancashire alone 20,000 tons are annually used, and the demand is not satisfied. Liverpool quotations are now double thoso for wheat flour, being about 90s. per sack of 2601b. Farmers should make a note of the abovo, for thiB flour is only tho evaporated pulp of tho common potato. A London physician is said to have found a remedy by which an attack of gout may be cured in two days. The first application removes the I pain, the second all traces of tho disease. I . | An old farmer in Indiana says that for his part ho don't know whore the present rage for ! trimming bonnets with birds is going to end. Only four or five years ago he bought hiB daughter a humming bird ; next year she wanted a robin, the next a pheasant, and this season he declares he had to chain up his thanksgiving turkoy or she'd havo had thot porohod on top of horhoad. £600 was offered to Mr. John Mayo for Black Swan, after her viotory in tho Welter Handicap, last week. The offer was declined. These is some talk of removing Shakespeare's remains to Westminster Abbey. The Vicar of Stratford-on-Avon has caused the ground in the vicinity of Shakespeare's tomb to be disturbed, and it was suggosted that the remains of the poet should be transferred to Westminster Ab bey. The ' Swan of Avon ' has invoked a ourse on any person who removes his bones. A young man named Nancarrow, whilst run ning baok to catch a oriokot ball on tho Hamley Sandhill, Yorke's Peninsula, S.A., on Monday, April 4, fell backwards, and bo severely injured his neck that but little hope is ontertainod of his recovery. English farmers are beginning to find out that thin sowing of wheat tends to larger ears and a consequent larger produco per aore. Dean Stanley has proposod that tho remains of Mr. Carlyle should bo interred in .Westmin ster Abbey. Tho proposal has, however, beon deolined by the relatives of the deooased, on tho ground that he had expressed a decided wish that his body should bo laid beside that of his wife in the old Cathodral of Haddington. They oan instantaneously photograph an ox press train going at sixty miles an hour, so that it looks, smoke and all, as if it wero at a stand still. And yet they cannot, or will not, photo graph a man sitting in a chair without screwing his head round in a vice like a moveable. doll, and keeping him looking at a smudge on the wall till his lip drops and hiB eyes water, and the pleasant little speech he meant to think about, just to keep up tho expression, goes wondering through his head like the ghost of a homeless echo. An extraordinary accident occurred near BolIoBton Junction, 20 miles from Christchurch (N.Z.) to a man named Lafferty, who waa driving a horse-roller. From somo at present unexplained cause he fell from his seat, drop ping down between the horses and a heavy oylinder roller, which passed over his head ; but, to tho astonishment of thoso who ran up, the man was yet alive. The injuries received wero severe, but the frightfully swollen condi tion of the head rendered it impossible even to guess at tho precise nature of the hurt. The Australasian, replying to a correspon dent's strictures on tho riding of colonial jockeys, says : — ' It ia satisfactory to know that tho large attendances at Plemington and Bandwick on race days bear witness to the fact that as a rule our jockeys are not guilty of cruelty in their riding, and that cases of what our correspon dent terms 'butchery' are rare indeeid, and when thoy do ocour aro promptly denounced and punished.' The railways during the past holidays havo been more largely patronised than at any pre- . vious holiday season. The increase in the num ber of travellers has been more noticeable in those for long distances than for places nearer to the metropolis. The following race-horses have recently changed hands at tho prices named : — 'Wheat- ear, to Captain Osborne, for 1060 guineas; Bend Or, to Mr. Enam, for 60 guineas ; Bosiue, to Mr. W. Southali, for 105 guineas ; Gipsy Cooper, to Mr. 'W. Forrester, for 200 guineas; the Wandering Jow, to Mr. Maitland, for 310 guineas ; Emulation, to Mr. O. Boberts, for 240 guineas ; Canary, to Mr. M. Jacobs, for 650 guineas; a Chesnut colt, by Boprieve from Midora (imported), to Mr. E. Weeks, for 55 guineas : Boview, to Mr. E. 'Weeks, for 70 guineas ; Harmony, to Mr. E. Weeks, for 83 guineas; Bachelor, to Mr. E. Weeks, for 61 guineas ; and Kildare, to Mr. W- B. Brown, for 32 guineas. The owners of the steamer Tararua offer a reward of £1000 for information leading to the recovery of the box of sovereigns stolen from that vessel in November last, botween New Zealand and Melbourne. The news from Australia concerning the now rushes is creating considerable excitement at Timaru, Now Zealand. Largo numbers are leaving by sailing vessels for Newcastle and Sydney. The exodus is viewed with alarm. The Bev. Dr. Ellis, the new precentor of St. Andrew's Cathedral, is one of the most liberal and eloquent divines filling an Anglican pulpit in thia colony. The B%Hletin says : — Some time ? back the cathedral used to be deserted, but since Dr. Ellis's arrival it is one of the best at tended places of worship in Sydnoy. The half-yearly meeting of the proprietors of the Bank of New South Wales was held in Sydnoy at noon on Friday, Mr. Thomas Walker presiding. The report showed that the net profits for the half-year, after doduoting rebate on current bills, interest on deposits, providing for bad and doubtful dobts, and reducing valu ation of bank premises, amounted to £93,066 0s Id, to whioh was added, undivided balance from last half-year, £2523 lls6d; giving for distribution £95, 689 lis 7d, which tho directors recommended to be appropriated as follows : — To payment of dividends at the rate of 16 per cent, per annum, £76,000 ; to bonus at the rata of 2J per cent, per annum, £12,500 ; to aug mentation of tho reserve fund, £6000 ; to balance carried to profit and loss, now account, £3089 lis 7d. The report was adoptod, and Mr. K. L. Tooth elected a director. 