THE SCAVENGER. ON TUE TRAIL. " Come oae, comead ! this rock shall fly i Fi-oai its firm basa as soon, as I ! ' (Ju AP TER I. It \\\a.s a will and tempestu- ous night. The streets of Richiujud weríí> almost deluged with water, at every step the uulucky passenger who was detained fjoni the comforts of home, found himself floundering in a muddy pool. The heavens were pouriag forth their vengeance, the r«in was driven in torrents upon the earth, tho lightning played in vivid sheets across the horizon, revealing at every flash the fearful state of alderinauic Ricluuoud ; while the winds and thunder played a wild and weird iike harmony to the whole scene. Could it be possible that passengers traversed the streets at a late hour on such a night ? Yes, the town clock which gains 5 minutes in every 10, was tolling forth " the dumb and dreary hour," when four persons might be seen making their way through the sloughs of Windsor-street. One who appeared to be the leader, and whose slovenly step, rest- less eye, and low forehead, proclaimed him an atom in the Civil Service myriads, carried a dark lantern by which he strove to guide j the steps of his fellow conspirators ; the person who seemed his partner in the adventure, bore the high hat, greasy and cur .y locks, and the ho y looks of the average Australian pedagogue. " We'll take him dead or alive," said the little leader, "Amen!" echoed the dauntless pedagogue. The leaders, aaconipanied by two servants who were sw n-u iu on promise of £.> each, instinc- tively made their way towards a streak of light which struggled drearily across the inisty weather from the chink of au out- house. As tiiey- neared the building the little loader exclaimed in a tone far too loud for the safety^of their game, " Now we have him; the Scavenger is trapped in his den." He took the caution of Toady (for such was the humble name by which the worthy pedag »gue was known) and acted with a caution and prudence worthy ot bis cause. Drawing a large red handüercuief from his pocket, he handed it to David, wilde Toady I did a like action towards Roberts. Cau j tiously advancing to the .lighted crack, thc ! conspirators beh id two m< :i earnestly' ! occupied in examining a manuscript which ! lay ou a rude bench before them. After j gazing at the document for some tinie the j elder closed it, and turned his inquiring gaze I n Iiis companion who said "lt is good; I am satisfied.'' With a single gleam of triumph kindling his almost nerveless eye the leader ordered David to try the door. It responded to his endeavours and swung noiselessly back on its hinges. Cautiously entering. David and Robert placed their blinds tightly over the eyes of the occupants of the har, their masters securing their arms with a rope produced fr.jin Toady's pocket, placed the victims together on the cold floor, and proceeded to examine the manuscript which ii ad occupied the attention of its owners at such an unseasonable hour. The Civil servant gazed at it in mute astonishment, then cast it away with an air of disgust. Seizing it as it fell. Toady re¿d. " This is the last will and testament of nie, Ebenezer Abraham Cribbage." after whuäl he dashed it down, supplementing the other^s looks of disgust with an oath unheard of jflt Randwick. " Then he's not the Scavenge^ excla med the little leader rather mournTñdly. "I fear he is not," replied Toady'; *0*gjg; ^)ut a wretched will-maker, providing farJ|P|' future, and thereby transgressing the mi^;* high command of the Lord who has oUstinctty told all true believers nat to be though||uV for." He might have preached a HTO|»': Park address had not his «pmpaa^te bestowed a furious kick on each of i^e^nÄ*| J anea, and le3 him t > the shelter of a friendly ^.willow where they b >th T>ledgt>d themselves JÉ» neither rest, sleep, eat, or drink, while Jheir common enemy remained in security, í*? Follow *on boys," said the leader, " we Must take him soon or late ; I 'ni u. t afraid." Hex^tainly did look as if murtyrd un would have been welcome-in a sensational novel -but happening to tread heavily in a pool Ht muddy water, the oouieuts splashed up funder the leg of his trousers, and made him "iso very uncomfortable that, ha I it not been for shame, he w>uld have voted t i iet the Scavenger enjoy his lawful heritage. The Lord said "Let there I.-J light," and. theie was a deluge. It was int > a part of this deluge at the corner of Wiulsor n,,d W(»t Market- streets that E lbert i ll bodily. He was extricated in no ituiuo.ir i v further exploits against the Scavenger, -so he was placed on the verandah of t:ie Court-house and left to the care of the cats -Olsen s .sore ha heard a ghost next tu truing - whi e the remnant made their way in » doleful mood to Lennox-street. Peering under the blind of the first house, they espied a youl li whose praiseworthy dili renee h id kept him at his post far past the hour when night au;I morn- ing meet, bending studiously over a sheet of foolscap. j TO BE CONTI VUE«. 