ppgaginur vtatton ' coffee. rooms >oj8 Three Toads Totally Tired Tried To Trot To Tetulpa. A witness in Court was asked if a party to the suit was a truthful man. " No," he answered, " he'd rather lie at sixty days than tell the truth for cash." Cheap Swell (doing the grand). — " Haw — waitaw — bottle of champagne." Waiter — "Yes, sir. Dry, sir F Cheap Swell — " What's it to you, whether I'm dry,' or whether I ain't ? Bring the wine." A ship left New York the other day laden with eight hundred gallons of rum and one missionary. Why bo much missionary ? I clasped her tiny hand in mine ; I clasped her beau teous form ; I vowed to shield her from the wind, and from the world's cold storm. She set her beauteous eyes on me, the tears did wildly flow; and with her little lips she said, "You stupid ! let me go." "Are you engaged?" said a gentleman to a young lady from Marysville at a ball the other evening. " I was, but if that Pete Johnson thinks I'm going to sit here and see him squeese that freckle face Wilkins girl's hand all the evening he'll be mistaken, solitaire or no solitaire !" The gentleman explained, and went out to get air. Lord Squanderer — " Overdrawn, Mr. O'Hagan ? Why I cast up the pass-book myself, and showed over a thou sand in my favour." Mr. O'Hagan— "Ah, me lord, it's a trifling mistake ye've made; ye've cast the year of our Lord into the poun's. Troth, it's rolling in riches we'd be if we could only discount Annie Dominv." " Unless you give me aid," said a beggar to a benevo lent lady, " I'm afraid I'll have to resort to something which I gteatly dislike to do." The lady handed him a dollar, and compassionately asked, "What is it, poor man, that I have saved you from ?" " Work," was the mournful answer. A popular conundrum among the anti-Chinese men of California is—" Why is a Chinaman like a vegetable garden ?" The answer is, " Because he queue cumbers his head." " The only time I ever enjoyed the music of a drum," said a cynical old bachelor, "was once when I knew that an enemy across the street had a baby that he wanted to get to sleep." It was a very honest old Dutch judge in Schoharie County who listened for several hours to the arguments of counsel, and then said—" Dis case has been ferry ably argued on both sides, and dare have been some ferry nice points of law prought up. I shall dake dree days to gonsider dese boints, but I shall ewentuully tecide for de blaintiff." When ought mariners to have fruit at sea ?— When they stem the currents. Some wondrously smart fellow has just determined the difference between an editor and his wife. He says one writes articles to set, and the other sets articles to rights. The Schoolmaster Abroad. — The following is a verba tim, et literatim copy of an order for medicaments sent to the village druggist in a thriving district of Aberdeen shire : — " You will me oblag to give the berer £oz. suggar of led and three Leaches and vieniger." A solicitor, who was remarkable for the length and sharpness of his nose, once told a lady that if she did not immediately settle a matter in dispute, he would file a bill against her. " Indeed, sir," said the lady, " there is no necessity for you to file your bill, for I am sure it is sharp enough already." You can never tell what a boy will do within an hour after you lose sight of him ; but you can safely bet he will not do what you want to have him do. A Waterbury man has obtained a patent for drying grass by artificial heat. He is a plagiarist, however, as Nebuchadnezzar was the first grass-heater. As two urchins were trotting along together one of them fell and broke the pitcher which he was carrying. He then commenced crying, when the other boy asked him why he took on so. " 'Cause," said he, " when I get home mother will whip me for breaking the mug." "What," said the other, "hain't you got no grand mother living at your h mse ?" " No," was the reply. " Well, I have, and I migiit break two mugs, and they daren't whip me." In a provincial theatre, where Macbeth was being recently played by a clever man, who was also a very great favourite with the audience, in the banquet scene he had delivered his words to the ghost of Banquo — "Hence! hence! hence!" when he dropped on his knee, covering his face with his robe, and shuddering convulsively. Just as the applause was over, a youth in the gallery, carried away with the intensity of the acting cried out, "It's all right now, Smith; he's gone." A Chicago man has invented a kind of ink specially suitable for lovers. It remains bright for five days after use, and then fades out, leaving the paper entirely blank. Thus the most gushing of correspondence would be safe against exposure. A crusade against bees has been instituted in Paris, where, strange to say, bee-keeping is largely practised — one worthy citizen keeping from 800 to 900 hives. These insects, it appears, inflict a good deal of damage upon certain industries, and at one sugar refinery the damage is calculated at £1,000 per annum. A regiment of bees will empty a whole jarful of syrup in a couple of hours, while the workmen, who labour stripped to their waists, suffer considerably from their stings. A gentleman was promenading the streets with a bright little boy at his side, when the little fellow cried out — " Oh, pa, there goes an editor ! " " Hush, hush ! " saia tne tatner, aon t maice sport 01 tne poor man — God only knows what you may come to yet." Lady (to deaf butcher) — " Well, Mr. Smallbones, how do you find yourself to-day?" Smallbones — "Well, I'm pretty well used up, mum. Every rib's gone, they've almost tore me to pieces for my shoulders, and I never had such a run on my legs.". Instructor — " What does Condillac say about brutes in the scale of being ?" Student — " He says a brute is an imperfect man." Instructor — "And what is man ? " Student — " Man is a perfect brute." Some of the old stage directions were truly absurd for their comprehensiveness. Colman, the younger, men tions a repentant miser in the fifth act of a play who is directed to "lean against the wall and grow generous." The verdict of a coroner's inquest at Tunbridge Wells on the death ot a child was — " The child was suffocated, but there is no evidence to show that the suffocation was before or after death." "That's a favourite stream for trout, friend," observed a piscatorial devotee the other day to a sprig from the Emerald Isle who was whipping away at a well-known subscription pool. " Faith, and it must be mat, sure enough," returned Pat. " Deuce a one of 'em 'ill stir out of it." A Grand Sermon. — A Scotch wife, on her return home from kirk, declared the sermon she had just been listening to was the finest discourse she had ever heard, " What was it about ?" inquired a friend. — " How should I ken ?" replied the lady. — " But what was the subject ?" asked the friend. — " I'm no sure," replied the gudewife. — " But what was the text, and did he divide it ?" still persisted her friend. — " I didna mind the text," answered the lady, " But, oh, it was a grand discourse, the best I ever heard, for first he dang with this han', and then he dang with that han', and then he stampit wi' this foot, and then he stampit with that foot ; and aboon a' he s /at mast vicious." kobinson (alter a long Whist-Bout at the Club — " It's awfully late, Brown. What will you say to your wife ?" Brown (in a whisper — " Oh, I shan't say much, you know — Good morning dear,' or something o' that sort. She'll say the rest !" Aunt Bella — " Now, look here, Tommy. Suppose there were three apples on the table. Could I take away One and leave Three ?" Tommy — " Oh no, Auntie ! Certainly not !" Aunt Bella — " And why, Tommy ?" Tommy — " Because it wouldn't be polite !" A belated husband at Hindmarsh, hunting in the dark for a match with which to light the gas, and audibly expressing his disappointment, was rendered insane in an instant by his wife suggesting, in a sleepy voice, that he had better light one and look for them, and not go stumbling around in the dark breaking things. A poor hungry boy called at a minister's house at the Port and asked for a piece of bread. The preacher gave him an old, hard crust, and asked him if he knew the Lord's Prayer ? "No, sir," was the reply. " Then," said the minister, " repeat after me : ' Our Father in Heaven — '" " Is he my Father as well as yours ?" interrupted his listener. "Yes." " Then," exclaimed the poor youth, " how could you give your poor brother this mouldy crust of bread ?" 