CODS AND ENDS. Tub oldest woman in tho Unito.l States ii only. ' , thirty-nitic. So say the ccnsus-tiikcn. : i A manufacturing wire-worker, in an sulrerlW , Dient, invites tho imblio to coino and »J(! his in-' i visiblo wiro fcucc. ? .: . ;?. . ?: An. old fellow 'now under the control ' of hia '?' fourth wifo always : alludes to the 'tliroo.Ucpartcd.,. 1 oncsas his 'siKiroriba.' i. ,' ,'.. ..it..'.. i ,Tiik Him, of Farb.— Mr. ISnll ; ' What is thera on, William t' William:. ' Nice Imh'slew.'sir '; loars head, sir ; roast turkey, sir.' ? - ? S 'That followr^isjustrUlco.a'tdlcscope,' said a dashing New Y.ork girl. .,' You' can draw liun out, seo through him, and shut him uy again.'... ? _ ? ? ? ? ,..:....„_, ! A I1B33OH ijf MANii'iiiu.-— Visitor : iSoo, now,') would yoi liko mb to givo you a eixpbnco V- .Darling : les. Visitor :: Vcs ? Yes, if you—:' wliat .??; Darling : If ? you can't affords any more I j ~I''tinn;i Follct. '.'??: ':???/-??? ', ? ??.;. ' :\ i Professor wHistort.'— 'Now, Mr. Q.,wo'' v/ill proceed to consider tho causes' 'that led to;! ?alraflord's death ;, .what do yoa think w.isthoi) priiicipaliono?', Mr. Q. (boldly): 'Too inuchi; axp, bit.'— Add Columbians. ].''?-?? ^V-^ A uiuniiT littlo giil, notion' sinct,;was urging' nor mother to j go upstairs and hear her say hot!' prayers bcforo retirinc. Her mother: not flnii.' ' mg it convenient, told her that Jcsu3 could: hoar it just as well: ? '15ut,- inothor,'lroplied tha : little doubter, ' Je3U3 can't lurn'orf tho gaii.' ' 1 No Fame Modesty.— Muggins : 'You'll par-i uon mo makin' sho frco, Mr. Bpoutcr, but though I've a very— (hie)— highish opinion of yer, I think you ve got too much solf conceit.' Spontcr : ' Thinksh sho, Muggins V -Well, begs pardonsh also, but I've every nglit to admire tho raa3tor. pieces of nature.' — Fun. ' Tub old widower Dupont was lately marriod again ; tho honoymoon wcia in tho full, ami ho Wiia too soft for anything. 'I shall always lovo you, my darlinR,' ho said. ' Alwayn; nl ways ?' she sighed. ' As long as I live.' 'And afterwards you will lovo mo through eternity?' ' Great heavens I I have already promised, that to my first wife.'— ParJ3 paper. 1 As nctrcs3 has just finisho:! dressing horaolt for her part, and is going on tho stage, wlion hot mothor bursts upon her in tears with an open lollerin her hand, 'My dear child, do you know what has happened '! Tour siator 13 dqad i' 'Oh, loy, how can you say it— how can you say it just when I havo mado up my face, and can't cry? Wliy couldn't you have waited tillaftcj the third act?' ? Tub Orangcthorpo Sunday school celebrated jits sixth anniversary last Sunday afternoon. In' the review of past lessons tho question waa ; asked :— 'AVhat did God do on tho seventh day?' (referring to- tho creation of tho world). An3wer: 'Ho rested.' 'What else did he ;do?' Promptly camo the answer from a lulls 8-ycar-old boy : 'lib road his new3papor !' Tueodore Tiltom was at a crowded evening party in Now York some years n?o, standing in an upstairs corridor. To him a lady, in a mag nificent dress and sparkling with jewels, camo with great eagerness. Though sho was unknown to him, ho naturally suppo3ea she had recognised him by tho light of his gcniU3 shining on hia nyponon lirow, or knew him by roputation. U« was therefore prepared to receive her with smiles. ' Aro you tho waiter 1' sho demanded. ' No I' retorted ho, with looks of thunder, ' Aro you Iho chambermaid '!' and ho darted down stain. Tan OiD Mas's Guoar.— Sororal days ago says tho Gazclk, a colobratod --spiritualist cams to Little Kock, and stated that hoforo giving a public entertainment he would giro a seanco, whero any member of a small invited circle could call up tho spirits of their friends and converso with them. By mistake, a man from down tha river was admittod, a man whoso roputation for deeds of violcnoo would not placo his spirit above par in tho soul market, After listening n while to rapping, horn-blowing, and gauzo veil mate realisation, tho bad man arose and said : — 'Say, cap'n, whar's tho old man's ghost 1' ' What old i man V' askod tho medium. ?' My old man, tho covernor. Call him up.' ' What is hi3 namo V' ' Tom Bcalick ; call him up?' 'I don't think that we aro in communication witu mm to night.' 'What's tho matter, wiro down!' ' No, tho old gentleman is off on a visit.' ' Now, hero, jest shut up your wardrobo and turn out your light. If you don't civo tho old man's ghost a show, tho thing shan't run.' ' Wait ; I'll see if ho'll come,' said tho spiritual ist. ' If ho raps threo times ho ia willing ; il only onco, ho lias othor ongagemonts.' A Biiarp rap sounded. ' He is unwilling,' continued tho spiritualist. 'Now, here,' eaid tho bad man, ' that wan't my ole man's knock. Why, of ho'd hit that table ko'd splintered it. Call him up,' and drawing a rovolvor tho aflactionato son cast a severe look on tho medium. 'To toll you tho truth, I can't call him up.' 'Tell him that I want to see him. That'!! fotch him.' ' No, he won't come ; but I bog of you to bo patient. Wait ; ah, ho will como presently. IIo is here and desires to talk with you, IIo says tnat he is perfectly happy, and that ho longs for Iho time whon you will bo with him. Ho is ono of ; the rulors in tho spirit land.' 'Can'n, you aro the infornalcst liar in Arkansas,' ' Why so, air?' 'Because tho old man is in tho city prison, drunk as a poddler's femalo poodlo.' A DramtFBTAniiE Telephone.— That reservoir, of fomalo loveliness and intolligonco known as Mills's sOminnry, says the San Francisco Posl, ,ifl connoctod with outer darknes3 by a telephone, through which, in somo senses inndncjuato instru ment, all interviews between tho mmatos nnd malo beings undor forty aro conducted. Tho other moraine Mrs. Mills was informed that a gentloman in San Francisco had eignallod hor in strument, nnd that oxcollcnt disseminator of crochet and Groekvorbs repaired to tho mouth pioce. 'Hollo?' said tho man. 'Heaven, 01'.' answered Mrs. M., who 13 vory pious. ' I vnnt. 'omallin tights, with spanglca onto 'em-,' said tho voico oarnestly. 'Want what?'' gasped Mrs. M., who was inexpressibly . chocked. 'Why, tho girls,' repliod tho voico, 'and very low nocks. Havo somo of thorn jump through balloons, lied Jogs, green Bash ? ' 'Tho rules of this establishment %rlll not Mom anything of tho kind,.' Baid tho model precep tress, firmly. 'Very well, then; raako'cmal) rod. When can you sond em to tho theatre r 'Thd young ladies aro allowed to attend the matineo only in parties of six, and accompanied by a teftchor,' said tho guardian of youthful in. . nocenco. ' Am not satisfied with twin sistora— ' :. must bo inado to kiok higher.' How Mrs. MillJ ';. rofraincd from faintin' bIio never knew horsolf, but whon sho revived a littlo sho mado tho wiro hum liko an iEolian harp in a nor'ciat gajo with' : ?: the emphatic remark, ' I must request, sir, thM you instantly rcmovo your daughters from thu( institution— instantly, sir. I cannot consent to impart any such scandalous information to tho younft,-and I dc3iro ? ' And thoro is no know. ing how tho matter would havo resulted had not the Oakland office suddonly switchod off tho con nection just then and oxplained that bo had by mistake hooked the sominary on to tho Pctalumi station, whore a variety troupe agent was in- 1 structinij a city thoatrieal-hill ODgraverregamUig . j some colored noatora. ?. ? 