BABY FARMING. The case of the woman Honora Dunn, who, at the Criminal Sittings on Thurs- day last, was convicted of manslaughter, and sentenced to five years' imprisonment with hard labour for causing the death of a child placed under her charge, is suggestive of very unpleasant reflections, not simply because of the peculiar atrocity of the crime of slowly killing a helpless infant, but on account of the strong sus- picion raised by the evidence that the in- human treatment of children, inflicted with a view to bringing about their early death, has for some some past consti- tuted this woman's regular employ- ment. She was accustomed, it appears, to receive illegitimate children— those unfortunate waifs whom no one cares to own, and whom even the law itself re- gards as beings having no right to existence —to feed them with food calculated to bring on diarrhoea, and, when the poor little sufferers cried, to beat them most un- mercifully, the object presumably being to hasten their death. Perhaps this baby farmer might for years have continued this brutal trade unde- tected had it not so happened that in connection with the treatment of one unfortunate child circumstances arose somewhat differing from those usually attaching to the inmates of her fatal nursery. In that case the de- ceased was a boy ten or eleven months old, whom his mother entrusted to the keep- ing of the woman Dunn, agreeing to pay the unusually high charge of nine shillings per week for his maintenance, in consi- deration of his receiving more attention than the other children under her charge. The mother, being really solicitous of the health of her infant, stipulated that he should be fed with milk and nourishing food. But it was evidently not the object of such an establishment as that which Mrs. Dunn kept to make adequate pro- vision for the health and comfort of the inmates. The customary course of treat- ment, unwholesome feeding, and inces- sant slapping, seems in this case to have undermined the child's health with un- usual quickness, for when the mother called to see him after the lapse of a week from her previous visit he was suffering severely from diarrhoea, and was already very much emaciated. His cheeks bore the marks of cruel blows inflicted upon him by a heavy hand. He had congestion of the lungs and of the brain. In fact, within the short space of seven days the child had been brought almost to the point of death. The mother then made arrangements for the admis- sion of her infant in to the Hospital, where he died about an hour after his arrival. His Honor Mr. Justice Andrews, in commenting upon this case, expressed the opinion that prisoner had been in the habit of trading upon the indiscretion and consequent misery of young women, and of ill-using the children placed under her charge. He asserted without reserve that she had actually killed the child whose death formed the subject of investigation, and that there was ample evidence to show that she had treated other infants horribly. The question naturally suggested itself— How many children have perished from the effects of the cruel treatment of this inhuman nurse ? Following upon that comes the enquiry — How many of the little victims were placed under her care with the tacit understanding that their death was a consummation devoutly to be wished? It is a terrible stigma upon humanity, but it is none the less true, that such arrangements are common in al- most every civilized country in the world. When Dickens drew attention to the exis- tence in England of large establishments in which disowned children were gradually starved and beaten to death, many people regarded his descriptions as pure inven- tions ; but investigation disclosed the melancholy fact that his charges against society were substantially correct, and that such institutions were in reality suffered to exist. The ailments to which children are subject are so numerous and so readily contracted that the business of slowly putting the little creatures out of the way is easily conducted, and, unfortunately for so- ciety, can be carried on for a con- siderable time by a cautious and un- scrupulous female without the occurrence of any case tending to criminate her, or even to rouse a strong suspicion of her guilt. In the present case the prosecu- tion was the result of the woman's indis- cretion in not noticing that the child's mother was really anxious that it should live. The offer to pay the unusually large sum of nine shillings per week, and the stipulations made with regard to the suitable nourish- ment which the child was to receive, indi- cated that the mother did not possess the amount of heartless indifference usual with females who place their children under the tender mercies of the baby farmer. Had Mrs. Dunn declined the charge of the child she might have con- tinued with impunity her vile trade, quietly starving to death the infants com- mitted to her care without drawing down upon herself the notice of tender-hearted neighbours and the interference of the officers of justice. When we consider the terrible amount of misery inflicted on the innocent in- mates of one of these baby-farming houses, and the comparative ease with which this horrible occupation can be carried on, it is reasonable to enquire whether the law takes sufficient pre- cautions against the existence of the evil. It is natural to ask whether legis- lators, in their anxiety to discourage immorality, have not visited the sins of the mothers too heavily upon their un- fortunate offspring. By entirely ignoring this class of crime the authorities have afforded facilities for its development. It is greatly to be feared that the compara- tive case with which infants can be disposed of under colour of being taken care of acts as an incentive to immorality of the worst kind, and it follows that if steps were taken to prevent the possibility of foul play and secure the up-bringing of the children good service would be rendered to the community. Seeing that the system of boarding out destitute children under proper inspection has proved so success- ful, it would perhaps be a wise step for the Legislature to forbid the boarding-out of illegitimate children excepting in houses duly licensed and regularly inspected by the proper authori- ties. The present plan of ignoring the evil and disregarding the facilities for its exercise, until some glaring case of slow murder brings the offender within the grasp of the law, is in the highest degree unsatisfactory. It is a disgrace to civi- lized communities that in this matter they neglect obvious methods of miti- gating an admitted evil, and in effect wink at practices which, if carried on only in semi-barbarous countries, would raise a howl of virtuous indignation. South Australia and the Transvaal. — South Australia can no longer say that the patriotic offer made by her some months ago to provide a detachment of volunteers for service in the Trans vaal has failed to excite attention and receive due acknowledgment in the mother country. It will be remembered that in the reply received by His Excellency Sir William Jervois to his telegram an nouncing the readiness of a number of local riflemen to proceed to South Africa it was stated that the Queen had been much gratified at the evidence of loyalty thus afiorded by her South Australian subjects. This cordial recognition by Her Majesty of a spontaneous proffer of service was in pleasing contrast to the silence maintained by Ministers in regard to the matter. No reference was made to it in Parliament, and the only information obtained by the Press respecting it was furnished by our own files. Thanks, however, to Mr. Gorst, a Conservative member of Parliament, publicity has now been given to the offer through the Parliamentary reports of the various newspapers, and a tardy acknowledgment of the obligation under which the Home Government has been laid has been extracted from the Secretary of State for War. Mr. Childers asserts that the Secretary for the Colonies telegraphed to the Governor in Adelaide requesting him to inform the volunteers that Her Majesty's Government were much gratified at the offer of their services, although they did not think it desirable to accept them. It would appear that the message never reached the colony in that shape, but whether or no the com plete reticence observed at home in refe rence to the affair was scarcely credit able to the Government. As it happens, however, that very reticence has resulted in attracting more attention to the subject than it would otherwise have received. Tbe South Australian volunteers, although they have been denied the opportunity of fighting under the British flag in South Africa may take'nKlit to themselves for having brought their adopted country into notice as being the home of loyal and patriotic bubjcota, fired with a chivalrous ambition tnasaist the-r fellow-countrymen at honce infighting the Queen's enemies Thi Ochah Maim.— The Chief Secretary a day or two ago forwarded a despatch to the Victorian Gavernmeui, calling their atteatioa to the fact tfc%t the present arrangement with them for ibe transminion of South Australian mails by the P. k O. steamers would expire in August next, and requesting to bo informed whether they bad any proposition to make with regard to .the future connection of this colony with that sewice. Tbe despatch probably crossed the communication from Mr. Berry, enclosing Mr. Langridge'a memorandum, which is published in another column. This commu nication, however, is, in tense, an answer ti the rt quest submitted by Sir. Morgan. Kafid TBkVBixnra. — Captain 6. F. Dixon, of the John Elder, returned to the colony on Friday, after an absence of eighty days, during which time he has been to England and back, lie was last here in charge of the Ootopazi, a ad on reaching home in that vessel, arrived on Thursday bight only to be next morning trans ferred to the John Elder, in which vessel he leit Ply month on April 30. He arrived here on Friday at noon, making the long voyage in eighty days. Retcb^ed Colosists. — By the ss. Job a Elder Mr. H. L. Vosz and Mr. Wm. Vosz re turned to the colony, after an absence of eome time in Germany. Mr. H. L. Vosz, though not entirely recovered, is much better in health than when be left South Australia. Tub Kobth Adelaide Biriisx Ohuhch. — a. telegram was received yesterday from the Rav. ' Dr. LandeJs, of London, stating that it is im possible for him to leave Regent's Park at the present time, and that therefore he is compalled to decline the invitation forwarded to him by tbe North Adelaide Baptish Church. To-Dat's Footbvix.— To day tbe Cirlton team play their first match on the Adelaide Oval against tbe South Park?. Tbe Carltia team is as follows:— J. Bailey, K. Brooks, G Bragge, F. Con way, G. Ooultbard, A. and B. Coventry, H. Crawford, O. Donovan, W. Goer, F. W. Gudi, F. Mclntosh, H. O'Oonnell, A. and J. Richards, W. aod J. Bobertson, G. Bobettaon (captain), G. Smith, and H. Wilson ; emergency, P. Hughes. Tbe South Parks will bi repre ?ented by W. Atkinson, E. and W. Binnie, W. i. Coafc, J. Oreswell, £. Cox, A. Dick (vic- captain), H. Dick, F. J. Dobbj, H. Bwer, 0. Godtrev, T. Gore, 0. W. Hughes, A. Munro, P G. McShane (captain), A. td. Fetcinger, B? Lewis, A. Lukey, D. 0. Scott, H. S. Wyatr, and W. Bromell emergency. The Parks, in addition to their usual coitume, will weir a scarlet hoop over the right sb julder. lax. W. alight will officiate as field umpire. IiBfobt&d; Kobbsbt at Shi.— It is reported tbat during tbb paasige of tbe s.s. John Elder ftom Plymouth soma persons were unprincipled enough to steal a gold watch from tbe Oi'.uolic Eisfct-p acd a lot of medals. The watch w&s; a present from the Poj,a to the Binhop, uci the meanly had also been received in Kome. The Chief Sscbetabi's Spbbch oh tub ?Address.— In our report of the Chief Seer; - tary'tjapeecb. npun the Address ia the Legislative Council on Thursday the hon, gentleman i* m tde to say that ?* such a tariff (as tbat in force here) might be uieful in & country where (he large proportion of the people were tngaged in manu facturing pnrsnits.' Mr. Morgan assure) us that such an idea never entered his htad, bat ' what be said was ' that in the largest znanu facturiiig countries in tbe world there wereonly 10 per cent, of tbe people employed ia minu facturiy,' whereas here there were but 5 per ctnt. &c.; In reference to the transcontinental railway scheme, the remarks of the Chief Secretary might be construed as c is ting a reflection upon Mr. Baker's action when in England. Mr. Morgan wisbes to hare it ex plained that be bad not the slightest intention cf imputing anything improper to him in tbe matter. Abqital of Bishop Bbtsolds. — After an absence in Europe of at jut three yeirs, His 1 jriiBbip Bishop Kej cole's returce J to cne colony on Friday in tbe Orient stem) ship John Eiilur. Tbe veiitl d-oppid anchor at the dema ptore shortly before nuan, and waj iinmediitely Lcard-tl by a number of the Komin Cttholic clergy aud the lvp eommitt. j appoints i ti re ceive His Lordship, who was warmly welcomed by them and coagratulated on his safd return. TLe reception party consisted of tbe following gentlemen: — Yen. Archdeieon Kuajeil, and the I, evs. Tappiner, Peters, Haggar, Byan, Church, Butler, Leybaurae, Burighr, Kegan, Power, liu^er, Pheian, Coonan, and Kenny, and Messrs. D. Mch'auwra, J. Stapleton, J. Lonergan, M. McNamsra, McJUnlltn, Hay ican. M. Davis, F. Duigan, J. Duigia, Mont gomery , and J. Healy. Some of these gentle-Hen rtmained to receive the Bishop oa the ietty, .where among others awaiting for his arrival v-ere Mrs. and liisi Baker. A special mloou carriage was sent down r? the Semaphore for the accommodation of His Lordship's p urty, and in this they journeyed to town. At the Ade W.\u Station a largo uamber of people were on the platform e^ger to sea the Bishop, and after rbakitig bands with a good nany he drove to dt. Francis Xavier'u Cathedral, where a To Oeum vcas sung, and the benediction prououueed by His Lordship. He tbeu drove ho-aa to the palace oa West-terrace. Dariu^ his absecce tha Bi.-bop hn speut a very ctmsi licrabltt portioa of bid time in the United Kingdom, be iidf 3 makiog a long a Cay in IdJy, utd among other place3 ho visited ou tbo Conti nent wire Lourdes and Iuutpniik. Hu haj returned in very gnod bedth, and bn beea r.cconi(.anied cut by au It.Uiiu cltrgymia (tba jitv. Fathtr Gocdola) und two Sisters of Mercy. As 00 his houitiwxrd vojage, so ou his return, the Bishop had for fellow-passscgersDr.GuDSon i»Dii his family. At the Cathedral in was an ccniiced that a pnbtic receptioa wouhl be given Bis Lordship there at 3 o'clock or Sunday afternoon, on which c;c»aioa sever- '. -Jdrejses of welcome will De presented to b:-u. Chimuiai. Sittixos. — Thesi sittiogs wera comioued on Friday. William Gilej, found guilty of mjnslau^hter at Port Willuuga, was ordered to be imprisoned and kept to bard labour for »ix month*. Samue) Brown Hextall, for attempting to commit suicide, was sentenced to a week's imprisonment; William EJ«ard Skelton, for carnally knowing a girl under twelve ye»r.», to five years* hard labour ; George IVutson, for larceny, twelve months' bard labour; and William Giles, for forgery and uttering, a similar term. Tha Court then ad journed till Tuesday nexi. Total Ecxipsb.— On referring to our Weekly C.iltcd&r; it will be seen that the Moon will be totally ectipsv -1 to-morrow (Sunday) afternoon Ihcugh the total phase will have passed off at the time of rising, only a small portion of tbe disc of the Moon will then be visi- 1-»: b it the ' refulgent lamp of night' will regain her full splendour in lew than an hour f forwards. Arother eclitse of the Moon will occur daring tbe night of December 5 of this year. It will be very nearly tot.il, and will be visible from first to Iaat in &11 tbe Australian Colonies. Tbe r& will be no eclipse of the Moon in 1SS2, and only two partial eclipses of the Moon in 1883\. Of these one will b» visible here aud the oihtr will not. .An Exhibit tob tub Exhibitiox.— A lady of North Adtlaida bis just completed a piece of work of a most; artistic chiracter, which will preb-.bly bo erhibitid at the approaching Exhi bition. It i« a quilt, oinpm-d. we are told, of tbe richest silk a=d satin. It glows with all the colours of the rainbow and tint? almost too numerous fcr chemical analysi*. Thesilki and ».iuns are cut intj every very ing shape- a.sd forms, sometimes re~embliog complex diagram of matiemfcticj, at other time* into tlawers o! jubilant loneliness; at moments it look* like a garden parterre. The bonier is pirticulsrly beautiful, from itj symmeirical deiign, and the centie i* formed into a medallion of admirable effect. Tte lining ia of qailted sitiu of old gold bus. It is r perfect work of art, and m worthy of tbe acceptance of those born iu tbe purple. I» fact it would make a byal gift. I! bas taki^^tweeu three und fear years to cjai plefe. It is not intended for stle, bat it will bi eabibiteJ merely to shorv what the needlework of Adelaide can accomplish. Hb51-hbsoi», of tub Fesbkt.— It will be sees by a telegram frcrn Melbourne that the repnteu ' owner of the Ferret attempted to get ont o] gaol on Thnwday mornug by SUns oie cf th( bits ef his cell irlndiw. Thb Toptm3 Dam. — The M\yor, Town Clerk, Oity Bagiieer, and Ooanoillor Baker paid an unofficial visit to the establishment of Mr. Christie, at Net in Adelaide, vesterdsy, and iEspected three or font fine r »ts ha has pur chased with a \iew to their n*e on tbe Dam waters. Having bc?n ecMghtuaed as to the virtaes and quali6catfo~t of the t rxtn, the party j visited the Dam, where of actions appMxJto bs goiDg on vi^oijoily. lne Dam is very close upon completion, and now forms an interesting ?abject far sketching before the not too limpid waters of the Torrens rise in their impotent wrath and bide some of its mask striking points of architecture from the public gaze. The^sver at present gives little promise of becoming the fine miniature lake it must inevitably develop into if the Dam fulfils ifi ends, for at present, in spite of the tains, the Hr-Vs *id bottom of the stream are more C3n»picuous tbtn a sheet of water. When the slnices are shut tbe aspect 0! the scene will scan ba e'rjred for tbe tatter; and looking eastward fiom tbe tap of the Dam one can ob'i.n a fi:r impression of what a fine expanse of wat;r W'U ba formed in a few months. The view can hardly fail ti be pic toroque, the city and the hills beyond serving for a msgQ''5c3nt bickgrsand, and the tre&3, e%or cis'ly tboie on tbat romantic but nnfragrant spot kno«a an 'The Willows,' will make a nwrgin to the little lake of no small beauty. Tne Dam is up to its greatest height— twenty feet— and tbe westjrn side, formed step fashion, is being neatly finished off with finer cement. Tbe water coming o?er tbe top and tumbling dona ibe step] or breaks will have a striking effect. The City Engineer is engajc 1 in making calculations as to the -?!;.-: of a light iron foot bridge to go over the +ip of the dim at a he;;bt oi eight fc :i atove it. If th'? bridge can be ocbtrnctcd at a rf-?or-ible cost and be maae rnamental it will add greatly to tbe appearance f tbe dam. The iron braiket 1, wh'ch r~e leS ior j olid blocks of s^jne built in^o the top of the !»m for caiijiog tbe gatf3 of the sluice*, are learly all fixed and will soon be ready for use. Alma akd Tictohu UsirED Gold Mwisa Jompast, Lnrrr^D.— The followlns is Captain Newman's repsrt, dated Wank^tinga, June 7 :— ' The contractors for sinking underlie shaft are naking fair progress, and are now down to a lepth of 363 feet. The reef shows a f ice tf 6 eet of quartz at tbe above depth, and is of a nost permanent character. I hive not tested j iuy of tbe stone. There is now about 70 tons aissd, which looks very promising. The foan iations for the engine and crushing plant are learly completed. The office and blacksmith ihop are also nearly finished. A large quantity -f mining material has been carted from the lite of the old battery to the new site on the nine, anda large store is b^in; erected for itoring same. No. 1 reservoir ia finished, and I save started No. 2 dam, which I find will make 1 very superior job, as we have a good depth of toogh clay to form embankments. I have let a x-sttact for tbo delivery of 800 round pieces of timber for timbering the Victoria shaft, as I Sod on close inspection it will require timber ing from top to bottom. I will complete this work without delay. I will endeavour to get :v€rjthicg into shape to enable me to proceed to Adelaide by next dotvn mail, e 1 i: is neceuiry to prepare a full set of plans for the erection of slant a?d also consult with the contractors, Norwood, Downs, & Co.' OBJECTION TO A PATENT. — On Wednesday, June 8, a case of some importance in regard to the question of patents was tried before Mr. G. B. De Mole, the Commissioner of Patents. Mr. George Blackeby, of Bundle- street, boot and shoe manufacturer, applied for letters patent for '"improved lasts for making full and half sizes of boots and shoes" and Messrs. G. and B. Wills & Co., merchants, offered an objection to the granticg of the application on the ground chiefly that Mr. Blackeby was not the true aud first inventor, and that the invention was not new. It appeared from the evidence for the objectors that the lasts generally in use were made of iron with holes filled with lead, so as to enable pieces of leather to be tacked on as the shape of the boot to be made required. The applicant's invention consists of an iron last with brass fittings, which are fixed from under neath, ard held securely by a bolt, which can only be operated by a key. Although Messrs. G. & B. Wills & Co. lodge the objection, Messrs. D. & W. Murray, T. Johnson, and A. Dowie joined in the opposition. The Commissioner, after hearing the evidence, thought tbe inven tion was both new aud useful, and said he should therefore grant letters patent, bat be would reserve a point as to tbe amendment of the specifications and also the question of costs. ACCLIMATIZATION SOCIETY. — A meeting of the Couccil of the Acclimatization Society was held on Friday, June 10, at the office of the Hon. H. Scott, M.L.C. There were present— Dr. Mayo (in the chair), Dr. Wyatt, and the Hon. HL Seatr, Vjce-Presidents ; Mej3ra. W. J. Msjarey, J. Fisher, F. J. Sanderson, W. West fcrsKine, M.P., G. W. Goyder, A. L. Harrold, G. Hamilton, and the Hen. Secretary (Sir B. E. Miccbin). An apology for non-attendance was received from Messrs. Samuel Davenport and A. Abrahams. A letter was received from the City Corporation asking the Council to obtain 5 CCO trout ova from Tasmania for the Corpora tion for the purpose oi placing the young fish in tbe Torrens, and expressing a hope tbat ths Council will kindly undertake the hatching of eaire. The Council resolved to order the ova irom salmon ponds in Tasmania, and to fasili tite an far ss possible the wisbes of the Corpo ration. His Honor the Chsef Justice (President), here entered the Council, and was votad to tha chair. Dr. Mayo read extracts from letters written by the Rtv. H. Msyo, of Dorsetshire, in England, having reference to the humble bee, and promising to use tis best efforts to procure a ce--t for shipment to Adelaide. Drs. Mayo acd Wyatt were appointed a subcommittee to b'ain trustworthy information as to the habits, &c;, of the Ligurian and bumble bee. The Secre tary was instructed to write to the Auckland *-o-uty, asking for information respecting tbe result of tbe importation of several hivei of the Ligavian bee into New Zealand, and also to req'.ust that a few of the same be forwarded ns specimens for the use of the Society. Dr. Mayo ioformed the Council that, at bis own expense, be bid ordered a cest of bnmble bees from England. It is generally considered that without the aid of thesa nssfnl insects red clover cannot bj succeisfully grown in the colony. The Council cordially thanked Dr. Mtyo for his thoughtful action -n the matter, and also for his enquiries from competent person* in the United States as to the probi fcilit-y of his beirg able to procura for the coloDy thit magnificent bird the American turkey. The Secretary wai instructed to write to Mr. James 'Wbitp, of Knpunda, and tender tbe bc»t thanks of the Council for his generous r-fTor tn nM the Soctefrv if npcessarv vrith a further subscription. It was intimated to the j Council tb*t the trout pond constructed' at the Thornton Park Beservoir by the Government fer tbe use oi the Society would be completed in atcnt three week*. The Forest Board to bo thanked for forwarding a useful treatise on tree culture by tbe Corservatcr of Forests (Mr. J. E. down. F.L.S.) VoLrsTBBB Itsms.— The brigade competition for prizes will come off at Dry Creek on Monday, Jane 20, beginning at 11 a.m. The 10.40 train will t»ke tbe competitors up, and a special will bring them back at 5 p.m. The conditions will be tbe same as at last year's match, except that five rounds will be fired eon recntively. The challenge-bugle, presented by Mr. F. Aver*, is also to be fired for, and at the close of the competition tbe epeciil prizes will be presented. Sergeant Marshall ha* been ap pointed Sergeant-Msjor in A Battery, tict S«rceant-M»ior Pretty, resigned. Caphins of rempsnies are requested, in General Orders, to send in the name ci the man who baa made fewfst misses is each of their respective com pnnies daring class- firing in 1SS0-S1. Captain Carter, of tbe S. A . National Kifle Association, baa passed a qaiHIying examination for tbe rwik cf Lieutenant, Serceant H. Tomkins, of D Company, having lefs the colony without having applied to his captain for leave, hai been reduced to the ranks. Tbe next military lecture is to be delivered by Msjor Fergosson, D.A.A.G., and the subject will be 'Minor Tactics.' Quick Flight of News. — A* an instance of the rapid flight cf news by means of the news psrer and telegraph wire, a gentleman informs n* tfcat in a letter which he received from a frifnd by the Pan Prandsco mail, the writer stated that while in a train on the way to Sacramento, on May I, he got the Son Froncisct Call, containing art account of the wreck of tbe Terw a, which hue! e,-crre«cS th* e-j&stot; New Thb Govep5meht Lavd Policy. — Onr | Cliiitcn correspondent writes:— 'Tie action of j tbe Government in offering all tbe unselested j icrab lands for c&*\ before offering them on scrub leasts is Dot approved of by tbe firmera. j Tbe most strange part of tbe action is tbe fact j thit tbe Commissioner of Crown lands has j given noaca to introduce a Bill to enable the Government to lease those lands without pre viously offering them for sale far cash, and at the same time does away with the need of such an Act by offering them all for cash.' Thb Gh»vt Cojtst op 18SL— Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G., infonrs ns that Mr. E. J. White, of the Melbar ne Obieuatory, hri kindly furnished him with the following rough elem&nts; of the comet's orbit:— Perihelion passage, June 13; longitude of perihelion, 259° 24'; longitude of ascending node, 269* 30' ; inclination to ecliptic, 61° 53' ; perihelion distance, 00' 953, or 70,r 10,1 X) mil: i from tbe sun; motion direst He adds— 'As these elements have been deduced from tte obsewed positions of. tha comet on Hay 23, 26, and £3, they must be regarded as only a rough approximation, the arc passed over in tbat short time being too small to admit of an accurate determination of the orbit; they are, however, sufficient to show that the present comet is not identical with tbat of 1862, the orbit of which is inclined to the ecliptic at an pigle of S5° 26', intersects the ecliptic at its ascending node in longitude 278° 58', the loogi- j tude of perihelion being 349° 4'. But like tne comet of 1862, it puses between us and the sun, and since it was first seen has been rapidly approaching the esitb.' Pbotectiox nr Aitbbica.— The Han. £. A. Taxlton, under date June 10, writes ti ns as follows : — ' In to-day's report of my Sf-cech in the Legislative uouncii tcere u an important omission of a few noughts. In speaking of the toss sustained by the Western farmer of Ame- | rica in being shut np to the purchase of goads j manufactured in the Eastern States, I am made ' to state tbat lots at SiOO.OC'). It should bive , been S40O.00O.O0O every year. Mon-jredien ! says the amount of Castors re re ana ! which the United States Government derived j : in 1S78 from duties on f sreign goods imported j was S130.000.000. To this amount tbe agricol- i torist, being rather less than half che total papa* lation of the country, contributed at oat S60.000.000. This was, therefore, the proportion of the §400,000,000 overcharged to the Ame rican farmers on their acnual expenditure tbat went to the legitimate purpose of sition^l revenue, and so far $61,000,003 of tbe tital is satisfactorily accounted ; for. But wbit of tha j remaining $340,000,000 V Tney form the extra I earn paid annually to tb a manufacturers of tbe ; EasterB States over and ibove what tbe fdrmeu j would have had to pay for tbe nme article) | were they allowed to make their purchases from { abroad. This is the case of the American j farmer. I hope, Sir, jthe South Australian j farmer will remember this when the advantage i of protection are pointed out t j him. I calcu late it suits the farmer bkst t j se'l hU produce : in tbe dearest market, and buy his supplies in the cheapest.' The Pthogbaph.— Photography by the light j of day has been brought so a wonderful state of perfection, and experi a entails ts have turned their attention to the idr » of *~.kini likenesses j alter set of sun with artificial lijht. Photo- ; graphing in this way is 1 o new thin? at home or abroad, but the mode s of making the light are various. Mr. C. A. ( wen, of Kund'e-street, haa been experimenting with a view to pro ducing a suitable artificia . light for photographic ) purposes, and believei th it he has succeeded to j some extent. After lumerooa trials he managed to fix upon a chemical light of great brilliance, and having tl e requisite actinic ray power, but when sabdc ed for artistic effect it proved useless for ptw icil parposes, as the diffusing screens weakened tha actinic rays. By a happy accident in mixing eome substance with the materials used in producing the light 1 be gained what he required. It reduced the brilliancy of tho light considerably, but absorbed the red and yellow rays without impairing the actinic rays. The appliance for the light is placed ia a glazed cedar cabinet abjut forty inches square, and fonr large silvered reflectors are used at different 1 angles to concentrate the rays. A semi-traps- i parent screen is used to diffuse th« light. Mr. j Owen claims for his ingenious adaptation tbe [ qualities of rapid action, certainty, and regularity j of results ; the production of photogriphic like- j nesees in any weather, and at any time. We bad an opportunity of testing the appliance, and found that by its means photographs were taken with fair precision and cleameM. There is room for improvement,! of cmne, but judging ! from what he has already done Mr. Owen will be able after a little more experimenting to turn out eotce creditable work by the appliance be has named the pyugraph. Govbbmxbmt Laxd Salb. — A sale of town allotments and [suburban sections was held at the Land Office, on Thursday, June 9, and was very well attesded. The bidding was exceed- j ingly brisk, and very good prices were obtained, the highest being for town allotment*, Section 169, containiBg 1 rood, in tbe Hundred of Coglin, which realized £97, the purchaser being W. J. Brook. Tbe highest bid for suburban sections was for Section 207, containing 8.} acres, in the Hundred of Telowie, Mr. M. Habner being the purchaser at £60 8s. Bechaiiitism. — Tbe third and fourth meetings of tbe seric3 arranged for the extension of tha Albert District cf Beshabitei were held during this week. Tho former was at Payneham Institute on Wednesday, Jane S. A large audience assembled, and the chair was occupied by Mr. Kobson. Suitable addresses were de livered by Bevs. T. B. Thomas, B.A., and J. Wright, Messrs. O. A. P. Jones, D.D.R , and O. H. Matters, D.O.R. A very telliog address was abo given by Bev. Dr. Haggar on ' The evils of the drink traffic,' and was enthusiastically applauded. Several persons signed an applica tion for opening a new tent in Payneham, and seven names were added to the pledge-book. On Thursday, June 9, tbe latter was held. A good audience assembled in the United Methodist Free Church, Bnrrside. Councillor J. S. Sanders presided, and addresses were delivered by Kev. B.P. Mndge.P.D.O.R., 8nd Messrs. O. H. Matters, D.C.B., and G. VT. Cole, D.S. Tho sieging was led by the choir, Miss Madge pre siding at tbe harmonium, and recitation* were effectively given by Mr. S. J. Whitmoie, PJD.Q.B. On receipt of the required number of signatures a tent will be opened at Burnside. Tjkwg Ehovisioks to Morjrr Bsotrtb. — Our Morgan oiie3pondeDt s»ys :— ' In ^conse quence of ibe reported srsreity of provisions at Mount Browne: diggings, Me:3rs. Symonds and Scbell determined on etirting from Morgan with a quantity cf tea, sugar, flour, and tobacco; bo on Friday they mud a a stirfc with five teiun fully laden. The routs they propose t iking is ( that via Goveidment Wellacd along the Eastern 1 P kins. Tney anticipate being away about tbree months, and should the Darling remain un- i 1 navigable provisions will be at famine rates at 1 tbe digging*, and they will consequently obtain ' high prices for their stores.' The writ -r, in a '. jocular strain, adds: — 'The party go fully srmed, ard it would be well for the Mount j Browne rowdies to know tbat the leider of the j expedition abet one man just before startiog, i and there is do knowing what be might do if tbe necessity for tbooting arose. The shooting : in question was, however, accidental, and for- '- tunately had no very serious result, the ballet , pasting though the fieiby part of the man's , thigh.' j mHaicl*t' at the Theatbb Botal.— There ; was a tolerably numerous and demonstrative | audience last nicbt at tbe Theatre, for j Sbakfpeare's masterpiece generally attracts Ade- : laide playgoers. Mr. Xeake's ' Hamlet' U of '? tbe strictly conventional school, celebrated for ' its Ir-cg-drswn portentous bass-note scowls and | other unearthly vocal aad facial spasms. Tbe j acting of this gentleman's prototype was pro- ! bably before Sbak*peare*s mental vision when he ; wrote Hamlet's adviee to the phyere, which, in j tbe performance under review, sounded like a { witbericg satire en Hamlet himself. Miss : Myra Kemble, who is a comely, graceful lady, ! to all appearacce, has sot yet been allotted ! any character calculated to display her capa bilities. We trust tbat she will shortly have a better opportunity than was given her as ! Optelia. Mr. Sterling Wfcyte in parts made a ! most acceptable Polonia*, and fairly earned the { lion's share of tbe applause in the quibbling ! t cenes with Hamlet Mr. Vincent's ghost was j is no wsy np to tbe standard of his generally j excellent impersonations, and of them who filled np the remainder of tbe cast we can only ray tbat they revelled in different degrees of badoef . B*rt!e; CaopW-'* ouceessful drs,-R- j ***-!- 2?*riuM.~,~ -1. i- -e ^.odwc&i; UiL. cVcuixig. j Thb Bridgb Disfttb at Post Adbxiids.— )n Friday morning, June 10, a deputation, con- listing of a large numb5r of iiid-ieatial geotle nen (compming members of the LsgUla.ive Joucci!, members of Parliament, the Miyor and peveral of tbe Councillors of Po-t Adeliida, the 3haircaen of lccil District Coaacil*, and the proprietors of property in tbe neighbourhood) 1 raited on the Government, which was repre tented by the Chief Secretary, the Oommis lioner of Crown Lauds, and the Trez rarer, and aaked that a better bridge might be erected at the spot now occapied by tne 3oath Australian Oompanj's Bridge, connecting lodd and Fussell street?. It was universally Bonceded that the present structure is altogether inadequate for the trs&c;, which it was stated bad increased considerably during late years, and was likely to still further increase. An avenge of 4,000 persons and 400 vehicles passed over the bridge every day, and its removal (as asked for by . the Port Dock Company) would cause a serious inconvenience to the public. It was pointed out, indeed, that the bridge could not be dispensed with. Mr. J. Fisher, representing the Fort Dock Company, said in effect that the Company would not press on litigation to the extent of seeking to bvve no bridge whataver over the river at the spot named, bat they would issht as far as possible on having sufficient passage for ship] np to their dock. The coit of a suitable bridge wm roughly estimated as bztween £4,000 and £8,000 The Chief Secretary, in his reply said he considered that as so many owners of property were interested they should contribute to tbe cost of a new bridge if one were erected, and he believed he could say the Government would aiso contriDUie. no auggiabeu ui»«. litigation might be further stayed for a week, by which time the Government would be able to obtain necessary information, and forward a reply. Poet Mcsbtjm.— At the suggestion of Mr. Mocatta, Mr. Charles Jacobs has been good enough to present the Port Museum with a fine specimen of tbe flying fox, from Mauritius* Ibis animal, which is scientifically known as tbe pterofu* rabricollis, measures three feet from the tip of one wing to that of the other, and eleven inches from the head t* tbe feat. Nkw W*stiTAJf HiMiSTBSS. — By the last tteamer from London the Revs. Meiirs. Perry and Bowe arrived on Friday, June 10, 1 rom tbe Richmond Training College t) tha Sjuth Aus tralian Wesleyan Conferenca. They were met at the Semaphore by the Bev. S. F. Prior. Da Lissa Sugab Ooxpaht. — At a meeting of this Company held in the Town Hall building on Friday afternoon, a repori, which wai con sidered satisfactory, was adopted, and some formal business transacted. Death of ah Old Oolokist.— We have to record the death of Mr. William Lines, another of our fast diminishing baud of old colonists. He arrived in the ship Prince Begent on Sep tember 25, 1839, and has been engaged in his trade as a builder ever since. He formerly oc cupied the premise? in Grenf ell-street now known as Mr. Crimp's, and afterwards carried on business in Pirie-street. The deceased, who was seventy-two years of age, has left a widow and six sons and daughters, four of whom are married. He was for miny jevs a Freemason. Death of Oaftadt LhLachhtb.— The City Coroner mad6 enquiries on Friday respecting the death of Captain LeLachenr at Port Ade laide, and considered that there was no necessity for holding an inquest. It seems that the deceased gentleman, whose age was 31 years, called at Mrs. Turner's at half-post 7 on Wednes day evening; almost immediately afterwards was taken ill, and died at bilf-pist 10, Dr. Toll having been in attendance in tbe meantime. Captain LeLacheor has been in ill-health for some time, and a few months ago Drs. Gething and Toll declined to recom mend him for admission to a Lodge on that account. Death was caused by internal hemorr hage, due to the rupture of a large blood-vessel and Dr. Toll gave a certificate to that effect. The funeral teak plats at the Woodville Ceme tery on Friday afternoon. There were present Mr. J. Kiel], J.P. (tbe owner of th-5 Helen White), Mr. A. La Mewurier, tbs chief officer and crew of the deceased's vessel, several of the shipmasters in pott, also many tradesmen, Mr. E. Hounslow (tbe Seamen's Missionary), and others. Tne Rev. J. O. Kirby conducted the funeral ceremony. Some members of the Unity Lodge, to which deraased belonged, also attended. Scsdex Death at KArcsroA.— Mrs. Henry Wbeare, wife of the Town Surveyor at Espanda, dropped down dead yesterday, and on a medical man being oommunicated with he pronounced the cause of death to ba fatty degeneration o£ the heart. Mohstkb VeofcrABLB Makkow.— We have been shown a very large vegetable marrow, grown by Mr. J. L. Tuxford, of Byron-place, off Grote-streer, Adelaide. It is about 27 inches long, 27 inches in circumference at the largest part, and weighs 43 lb. Tbe anil in which it was grown was ricb, but tbe vegetable was altogether unattended during its growth Fubbell t. Fdehbll.— In ihis case, which it will be remembered was a suit of divorce, in which Captain Powell and a Mr. Bobinson were made co-respondents, tbe proceedings came on again on motion on April 27 in London. At the previons sittiegs Captain Powell obtained a rule nisi for a new trial, on the ground that the damages (£500) awarded by tbe Jury were under tbe circumstances excessive. Mr. Powles, on ! behalf of tbe petitioner, no'? stated that his client was willing to accept £300, including the taxed costs. Mr. Inderwick, Q.C., with whom was Mr. Silvester, stated that Captain Powell, for whom he appeared, was not in a position to pay anything at all, but some members of his family had made a certain offer to tha peti tioner, and he (the learned counsel) was in structed not to go beyond that. Sir Jamas Hannen said it appeared to him that £200 as damBges was ample, end unless the petitioner congested to accept that sum there would be a r.ew trial, but the i o-rcspondent was liable to his costs. SBIBCII FOtt LfDECBST PHOTOOBAPHS. — The Customs officials visited the American Novelty Shop, RurdJe-strt er, on Friday morning, June 10, and thoroughly searched it for indecent photo graphs, but found nothing more objectionable than tbe photographs of works of art which have been exhibited, iu tha window of late. Dsath of sv Old Colosist. — The Mount Borrker Courier says:— 'Many old colonists will regret to hear of the death of Mr. Charles Dunn, of Charleston, who has passed away at the ripe age of eighty-six years. He has been in tbe colony more than forty-two years, and for the greater part of that time he has resided at Charleston, in the district of Onkaparinga, where he was much respected.' Garner's Theatre.— There was an excellent attendance at this place of amusement on Friday evening to witness the views of the Zulu War. Tbe recipient of the piano was Mrs. Ellis, of Jowden-oc-the-HilL There wilt be a matinee to-day. Welsh Free Church. — Services in connec tion with this Church will be held to-morrow Borning in the- Flinders-street Presbyterian Schoolroom, and in the afternoon in Mr. King's schoolroom at Port Adelaide. SrOBTB AT THB KxBIRITKW BclLDrSGB. -An idvertisement in another column states that pctries for the athletic sports to be held at the Exhibition Building on June 20, in connection with tbe Baby Show, close with Mr. Britten at the Galatea Hotel on Wednesday evening, June 15\. The sports are to consist of rawi, walking m&trhe;*, bicycle contests, and a display of fire works is advertised for the evening. 