ST. FRANCIS XAVIER'S CATHE DRAL. INSTALLATION OP DE. GUNSON. The impressive ceremony of installing a Knight of St. Gregory the Great was performed mi Sunday afternoon at St. Franois X&vier;'s Cathedral, when Dr. John Michael Gunson, en old resident of the colony and a prominent member of the Roman Catholic Church, was invested with the order. There was a large congregation present, and the Austrian Band gave their servicea on the occasion. The front seats in the nave of the Cathedral were reserved for members of the Hibernian Order, and special accommodation was provided for Dr. Gnnson and his attendants. The ceremony was per formed by the Bishop, who was assisted by the Vicar-General, the Kevs. Ooonan ana Roper, and the principal olergy of the diocese. Dr. Gudbod was attended by Mr. M. H. Davis as esquire, and his two sons (Messrs. J. and W. Gnnson) ss pages. After religions exercises the ceremony began by the Bev. Father Koper reading the Pope's warrant for the installation of the candidate, after which His Lordship the Bishop blessed the sword, and sprinbledgit with holy water. Bestowing it upon Dr. Gnnson, he Baid— "Receive this sword in the name of the Father, Sod, and Holy Ghost, and use it in thine own defence, and in the defence of the Catholic Church, to the confusion of the enemies of the Cross of Christ, and to the enemies of the Christian faith; and, so far as bnman frailty will permit, anjnstly injure no man with it." Proceeding with the form of installation, the Bishop nsed this prayer:— " Holy Lord, Omnipotent Father, Eternal God, who alone ord&ineBt; and rightly disposetb all things; who, to restrain the malice of the wicbed and to preserve justice, by Tby aalutary dispensation baat permitted to men on earth the nae of the eword, and who hast designed to institute the knightly order for the people's protection; and who, by the voice of St. Joho, didst say to the soldiers who came to him in the desert that they oppress no one, but remain content with their just dues, we humbly beseech Thy clemency, O Lord, that as Thou gaveat to Tby servant David victory over Goliath, that aa Thou hast caused Judas Maooabsus to triumph over the ferooity of nations not invoking Thy name, in like manner to this Thy servant, who now submits himself to the rule of this knightly ortier, grant, by Thy heavenly merey, strength and conrage in the defenre of faith and justice. Give unto him an increase of faith, of hope, and of charity. Give onto him aiao fear and love, humility, perseveranoe, obedience and en dnring patience, and rightly dispose all things in him to the end that with this sword, or with any other, he may unjustly injure no one; and that with it he may defend all that is joBt and right; and as he is from a lower order to the higher dignity of knighthood promoted, thus putting off the old man with all his actions, he may pnt on the new, that he may fear and rightly worship Thee; that he may avoid inter course with the wicked, that he may extend charity to hie nigh hours; that be may rightly obey his superior, and faithfully in all things fulfil hie duty. Through Christ oar Lord. Amen." The address usually delivered on such occa sions was given by the Very Rev. Price Butler, 0.8.S, who took for his text the folios ing words:— " Esto Miles pacijicus, strcnuus, fiielis, et Deo devotusT—''It may appear strange to behold here to-day the hand consecrated for peaoe offer ings end blessings bestowing on the dis tinguished gentleman vrbom we have met to honoor, the symbol of his knightly dignity. Whence does the Catholic Church derive her right to confer anch honours, and above all what hps sbe to do with the sword? Is not her miBsioo bnt to preach and keep entirely within the sanctuary ? These may be the thoughts of many regarding the oeremony we ere witnessing tc-day within the walls of this sacred edifice. A complete answer to snch, as well as a vindica tion of her action, will be found in the considera tion of—1. What was the mighty work which the Church bBd to accomplish in the world,? 2\. How sbe acquitted herself of the task. It is not necessary, nor is it my intention, to enter into a critical examination of the right of the Popes or of the Church to confer honours and to inflict punishments. It will be sufficient should it be shown that there has existed no other power that has done so much for civilization, art, law, science, learning, and all that con stitutes the greatest good of society; and that from inherent right, from the prescription of ages, from the admission of all civilized countries, she has the best claim to single out those of her children who have been dis tinguished shove their fellow?, sod place on their brows the laurel of victory or gird them with the eword of honour. What, then, waa this great work which the Ohuroh had to accomplish? We speak not here of her divine mi'sion to preach and administer tie sacraments, but of that minion to civilise, elevate, and refine meh; to teach them correct principles of right; to give lswn and oonsti tntionr; to enconrage learning and patronise art; to shield the defenoelen; to help the weak; to withstand the tyrant and oppressor; to be the bulwark of Christendom and the saviour of humanity. The great Soman Umpire had reached the commit of ice power when Chris tianity entered on her glorious career. From the Tigris to the Pillars of Hercules, and from the burning sands of Hnmidia to the frozen forests along the Baltic, the imperial sway of the mighty empire was acknowledged. Bnt in the very meridian of its greatness there were not wanting signs of its decay. Fierce hordes, too, were gathering on ita frontiers who, in snocessive waves of invasion, swept over the fairest regions of Europe and engulfed in a crimson tide pagan art and civilization. Vandals, Goths, Franks, Allmanni, Huns, Burgondians, Lombards, Slavi, Normans, Bulgarians, again and again rushed onwards in oonntless numbers; towns and cities were given to the flames; the miserable inhabitants were swept into captivity or sl&nghtered; in defending their homes. The ontlylng parts of the empire first experienced the rude shook. England iu 449 was invaded by the Saxons, and in a century barbarism ruled there from Kent to Caledonia; Spain in 466 fell under the power of the Visigoths, .Ganl in 481 under the Franks, and Italy in 493 under the Oater gotbs. From the fifth to the ninth century Europe became a prey to all the evils of famine, pestilence, barbarism, bloodshed, ignorance, and crime. There was but one small spot where learning sstseenre and religion held peaceful eway; awey in the green island of the west—the island of saints, of poetry, and of song. Who was to bring order oat of this wild .chaos, light from oat the gloom of such darkness ? Who conld tame the wild passions of Vandal and Hun, and turn the savage warsong of the Vikings into hymsof peace? There was bnt one power thst had the will and the means to effeot such a change, and that power was the Catholic Ohnroh. The Holy Pontiffs who sat in the ohair of St. Peter were the men who civilized these terrible savages. Hot alone did her Leo face Attila, the scourge of God, and obtain peace and favenr for the people, bnt the Popes sent forth their missionaries to evangelize these warriors, before whom the Koman legions were scattered like chaff, and the Empire went do»d amidst carnage ana tire. ADout toe main century a new Christian empire begins to emerge from the scattered and discordant elements which lay around. Charlemagne is crowned Emperor by Pope Leo HI. in 803, and modern Enrope begins its career. The law of the Church is taken as the basis of the law in every country in Europe. From the ninth to the fonrteenth century the Catholic Church was the great power in Enrope, and what of good did she not accomplish? Learning was restored; tbenjwere established the Universities of Europe, Asia, Borne, Bologna, Paris, Oxford, Cambridge, Salamanca, and by expresB command of the Popes. Then were tbose cathedral schools en dowed and founded, which have survived even to tbis day. Iguorance and prejudice may attempt to call these ages dark; but measure them by tbeir works, and see if ignorance and superstition mark these. Were the barons at Bunny mede led on by a Pope's legate ignorant of the grand principles of liberty and law? Were those ages dark whioh have given to Europe imperishable monuments of highest art? Stand before one of thoBe grand cathedrals of this period, examine its minutest details, the harmony of all its parts; its ponderous yet graceful towers; its soaring spires; its buttresses hung in mid-air. Enter through that majestic porch; look along those pillared wails; see that grand and fretted roof; those mullioned windows which stain in a thousand tints the tesselated pavement. Behold that altar, with its varied marbles; its exquisite and delicate workmanship. Hear that burst of glorious melody, and the Bwelling tones of the organ, and then tell me if the minds which designed and the hands that execnted these were the slaves of ignoranoe and superstition. In the ninth oentury the fendal system took its rise. With all its faults, it has done mnch for humanity and religion; it bound all the members of a State together in a com munity of interest ana protection, xne poor man served, and in torn was defended by his lord, who himself was bound to the King, while over all was the Common Father of Christen dom, whose authority was acknowledged, and whose decrees were obeyed in every land. War and plunder bad been the only trade of the fierce nations whioh had settled in Central and Southern Europe. Bat the Catholic Ohnroh taught the warrior to draw his sword only in defence of the widow and the orphan—to shield the weak and defend the right, as is said in the prayers with which she blesses her knightly sons. Chivalry then was the consecration of all that was brave, and holy in war. It was the Cfanroh that inspired the lofty principles of justice and humanity, which gave to the grim profession of arms its poetry and romanoe. Esto paeificus — be gentle as a lamb—was the exhortation of the Ohorch— take for yoar model that gentlest of mortals, the Mother of God. Let her pitying and loving looks ever be present before yon. Do not close your ear to the cry of distress. Honour woman because Mary your Queen is the mother of the Bedeemer. The worship of the Blessed Virgin has done more to soften the stern manners of men, to elevate and refine their feelings, to teach them to do great and noble things than any other form of devotion, and this is testified to even by the enemies of the Obnrch. Be atrenuons (stremius) says the Ohnroh. At the call of doty, when justioe has to be npbeld and its violstors punished; when the cry of the orphan and widow is raised; when the oppressor of God's poor or his Ohnroh is to be withstood; then tosh forth strong in right. Heed not the opposing forces, bat with thy trusty blsde strike for right, for liberty, and for God. Be faithful (Jidelis) to all. Let thy word be saored as thy osnse is holy. Faithfnl to her to whom you have plighted your knightly vow; faithful to your friend; faithfnl to yonr King, whether on the tented field on in the council hall. Et Do dtvolus—devoted to God. You are not a mer cenary to eell yonr sword to the highest bidder. You are God's servant, let yonr virtues shine forth then, and be the Onriatian knight saai pelir et sans reproche. " See the bright examples of Christian chivalry in the Oid of Spain and Bayard of Franaa— men the very flower of beroio virtue See, too, the benign influence of the Ohnroh in the in stitution of the Truce of God. She could not entirely prevent bloodshed, but she lessened its evils, and gave a breathiDg time far peaoe and calm reflection. From Wednesday to Monday morning dnring Lt-nt and Advent, and for two weeks after Christmas and Easter it was not law ful to avenge any injury, and the heaviest censures of the Church fell on the man that dared to violate this Truce of God. Such was the great Christian Republio mainly created and foetered by the Catholic Church. She had res cued it from the darkness of barbarism, held aloft the lamp of learning, mitigated the horrors of war, and fostered the gentle arts of agricul ture and peace when the very existence of Europe was again endangered, and the black clond of ignorance and fanaticism rose threaten iugly above its horizon. In the seventh century, 622, Mahomet, the cameldriver of Meoca, pro claimed bis mission of bloodshed and licentious ness, dabbed himself a Prophet, and nnforled the standard of ignorance and rapine. The teeming hordes of the desert, the wandering tribes of Tartary, and the swarthy chil dren of the son came rolling like lava over the Eastern Empire. In ten years Syria, Mesopotamia, Persia, Egypt, and Lybia were rent irom the empire of Constantinople, acknowledged the impostor, and worshipped at Mecca. A century did not elapse till the whole north of Africa was added to the Caliphate, and his standard even waved in triumph over the walls of Granada. There was a time when Asia Minor and Alexandria were the homes of learning and the granary of Europe. What have tbey become under the blighting influence of Mohammedan rule? Ignorance supreme, sqnalor, poverty, rapine, last, and fanaticism —are not these the curses which lie so heavy on the richest and loveliest land which the sun shines upon? Where now are those highly cultivated minds that stored up the learning of antiquity in the library of Alexandria ? Gone like the precious manuscripts themselves, to feed the flames kindled by brutal ignorance. This was the dread danger that menaced Europe now that she was rescued from bar barism, and was patting forth her energies of mind and band nnder the wise and fostering care of the Popes of Borne. They it was who, seeing the gathering storm, sounded forth the alarm. Urban n. summoned the Powers of Europe. He pointed out the danger, be de scribed the sufferings of their fellow Christians under the Mohammedan yoke, and in language of burning eloquence asked them to drive back the foe, rescue the holy places from their de secrating grasp, free their enslaved brethren, and fight for right and freedom and for God. At that voice ten thousand swords leap from their scabbards, and seventy times ten thousand go forth against the foe—the Cross on their shoulder and "God wills it" as their battle cry. For two centuries did Europe send forth its chivalry to contend against the fiery valour of Baracen and Moor. Then were performed feats of arms and beroio virtues wbioh shall live for ever enshrined in story. Godfrey de Bouillon, Tancred, Bobert of England, St. Louis of France, are Knights sans veur el sans re proche, who, gentle in peace, were lions in the' neia—woobb gooa sworas were ever need to pnnish injustice, strike down tyranny, guard the weak, terrify the infidel, and right the oppressed. The Ornsades saved Europe from barbarism, they gave an impetas to oommerce, they tanght navigation and geography, they prepared the way tor discovery, they brought home many relics of ancient letters, tbey strengthened the brotherhood of nations by mingling men of different conntries in the same enterprise, they afforded a vent for the pent-up valonr of Europe, and thus relieved it of a dis turbing element, and they gave to the world those military orders which were the embodi ment of the spirit of the age and the genius of Christianity. In the year 1048 some Neapolitan merohants founded at Jerusalem a hospice for the reception of pilgrims, and this they placed nnder the care of some religious men who bound them selves by vow to attend to the siok and defend the pilgrims to the holy places. The saintly Bishop of Fay djew np a rale fortheir guidance Thus the Knights of St. John of Jerusalem, or the "HospiteUars,"ss they were called, were the mailed warriors of Holy Ohnrch. So, too. were the Knights Templars, Knights Teutonic, end those other religions and military orders of the day. It was the Ohureb which blessed their swords and placed the pennon in their mail-olad hands, and with words of benison, which we hear to-day, said, "Erto Milts pacijicus, strmuus, fidelis et Dto devotua." Let the enemies of God slone feel the keen edge of that Bword which is ever to defend the right. Let yonr virtue be as nnenllied as the white mantle that covers yon. Be faithful to duty and devoted to God. And trne those noble knights were to the vows they had taken. Id reading their history the mind seems to revel rather in the creations of fancy than in the records of human achieve* meets. Take their defence of the Island of Khodes, 1480. Hahomet II. determined to destroy this ontpost of Europe, which had long defied his power and marred his schemes of conquest. With a fleet of 160 vessels and 100,000 soldiers he landed on the island, then held by the Knights of St. John, nnder the commander Peter d'Anbnason. For three months, day and night, did this invading army batter at the walls with heavy ordnanoe, and storm the breaehes made; bnt the Grand Master and bis knights were ever at the post of danger. Many of the Moslems devoted themselves to his destruction, bnt bis keen blsde and powerful arm sent them to bite the dnst. Maddened by the resistance ot bo lew a Dumber tbe terrible Baebaw led on hie troops for one last assault. Tbe Janissaries leap into tbe breaob, bat d'Aubnsson, tboogb wounded, stands there like tbe fabled God of War. A host in himself he inspires bis knights with fresh ardour. The foe is driven back, and they fly to their ships, amazed and terrified, whilst the woanded knights proceed to the charoh to give glory to the Lord of Hosts. Or see again a similar defence at Malta, where bat 690 woanded and famished warriors repel 40,000 Moslems nnder the braveBt of their Saltans, Soliman II. It is no figure of speech to say their valonr saved Europe from Mohammedanism. And who bat the Oatholio Ohnroh armed their strong right hand snd blessed their knightly vows ? The Catholic Church—has she the right to confer hononrs on her children ? She plaoed the crown of empire on the brows of Charlemagne; she confronted Attila; she withstood a tyrant John of England, and a Henry IV. of Germany: she harled the : force of Ohristendomagainst tbe hordes of Asia; she adorned the escutcheons of kingly races with their prondest mottos; she passed judg ment on the highest, reproved vice, rewarded virtue, encouraged learning, and ennobled men in every age. Has the Oatholio Church power to confer honours? Let tbe prescription of a thousand years and more, the testimony of every civilized nation of Europe, the sacrifices she has made for society, answer. To her by excellence belongs the power to ennoble her sons, and single tbem out for their deeds of merit. And dearly have ever been prized the marks of her honour—proudly her chivalry of merit ranks where right is re spected and virtne admired. And in the instal lation of the noble Knight, Sir John Miohael Gunton, the Fope keeps up his traditional role of universal patron of worth and excellence. It ia not for me to speak here the praises of Sir Gnnson. He has ever been a faithful son of Holy Church, a distinguished soholar and gen tleman, a good citizen, and a loyal subject. It is because be represents in hie person the Catholicity of this young bnt growing nation, that onrHoly Father wishes to give you a pledge of his affeetion and a mark of his love. He tells yon to-day that yon are a peace-loving people, that yon are atrenuons in the cause of right and mereifnl to the distressed. To this I oan well testify when the loved land of most smongat as lay helpless in the grip of famine. Ton people of Australia, withont distinction of race or creed, came generously forward to alleviate her distress—£68,000 went from Australia to Ire land as the most mnnifioent testimony of her charity and mercy. Oar Holy Father wishes to compliment you people of Sooth Anstralia, It is in vain for foolish men to decry this Church, the eponae of Christ, until man can blot ont the records of the past, and cover with a pall of oblivion the brilliant deeds of Catholicity. Until the worhs of Michael Angelo, the poetry of Dante, the philosophy of Aquinas, the labours of Francis Xavier, the learning of Benedict, the deeds of Bayard, d' AnbusBon and and. St. Bonis. Until these are forgotten and the monntDents of their glory destroyed the Catholic Obnroh mast ever be the highest power on earth, whose rewards are the tokens of genuine merit, and whose gifts are unsullied by injustice or wrong. Bong may the noble Knight wear the sword with whioh he is girded to-day. If the days of chivalry are no more,, still the same or greater foes stand armed against God and His Church, and these foes are just as dangerous to civilization and morality as Moslem or Hun. We need not be reminded to what excesses men are brought by the im moral and materialistio teaching of the present time. They may be read in thelnrid flames of the bnrning Tnilleries. They can be beard in the mnrderons explosion of the assassin's mine—in the phrenzied passion of depraved mobs—in the defiling publications of s wicked literature—in the unloosing the bonds of paternal oontrol, and the Ucentionsness of youth. These are some of the evile of modern thought and sooiety Therefore it is necessary to have in every country men distinguished by their abilities and position—peaceful knights, cultivating the works of the understanding, strenuous in every good for the advBncement of religion and morality — faithful in the discharge of their duty — and above all devoted to God and his Church. And it is meet and proper that that Church should honour Bach men, and send them forth in her name and with her blessing to fight the battles, of the Bord—not with the sword of the flesh, but armed with the shield of faith and pro tected with the breastplate of justice, that they may be shining lights by their good example, and doughty defenders of truth and justice. Arise, then, noble knight, and go forth to this contest with God's blessing on your stainless shield. Bong may you wear those blushing hononrs with which our Holy Father crowns you; and may yon ever be a • knight peaoeful, strenuous, faithful, and devoted to God.'" The service, which was verjr impressive throughout, was then concluded in the usual' manner. 