GEELONG WINTER RACE MEETING. [By Telegraph.] [From our own Correspondent.] Geelong, July 29. The Winter Race Meeting was held today on the pretty course on the banks of the Barwon. There was a fair attendence and beautiful weather. weather. HaXDicAr Teot.—Black Diamond, 760 yards (Boddy), 1; Ton M?Hke, 400 ;ards (Shep pard).S; Oonqueting Hero, 400 yatd?(Oann), 3\. Seven others atatted. Betting—c to 4on Brown Hawk. Black Diamond soon got to tte front, was never headed, and won easily by several lengths, Yon Moltke earning with a fine tush, bat too late. Time, 8 mia. 5 ccc. ? 1 Hcbdles. — Oomberland (Batty) 1, New Zealand (Bailee) 2, .Cyclops (Carey) 3. Kisg of Trumps, DhttrriugQe, Bhesui, and Dntofaman als? statted. Betfeug—3 to 1 against Dhurringile, sto 2 Cumberland, 4 to 1 Kieiu*. Dutobman got away with the laid, bat New .Zetland led over the first bardic. Dutchman led in the straight, cloeeJy pushed by Bfaeros, X>hvrrins.ile being third, ?nd iv this order passed the stand, no mittekes being made. Rounding the nest tarn New Zealaud was sesond, the rest close tagetber. At the next hurdle Rhesus and Camfeerl?Dd were in front; the former ?omebow ran off, and Dknrringile and King Tro??snietcnifi?utafcejOamfceclaad was left *(oEein4be-]ead, and won ea?isy by a lengtb from t?ew Besland; Oydopa a bad tfurd. Wihtee Hasdicap — Nasper Tan^y (O%rieD) I, Kohineor (Oay) % At*.a*e fMorphj) 3. Vertare ateo ?tatted. BeWiog— Bnc "Kch*ccor, 3tc 1 ftttscbe. Naj>?rr Ttcdy iv first away, with KohifiOoi>on his shoulder, Verdure getting c bad Btarfer/PreseEtly Attache came np.but when enteriof*he straight gave way co the other pur, between whom a fine rase coined, Nepper Tandy winning by a ehort bead <ju the poet from Kohinoar. Time—2 mm. hi sees. Steeplechase. — Collingwooi (Scobie) 1, Victci (Caiey) 2, Ranger (Watt) 3. Blue Jacket ?i*o started. Betting-5 to 4 against Oriling woed. 2to 1 Kanger, 4 to 1 Victor. Ranger was first awey, but gave plsse to Victor and Colliogwocd. All jumped well, very little dividing them. Collingwood leading by a neck until Victor forged ahc*a. At tba nfEt ftuoe Collingwood led Victor again, then the Hangtr came tip. Blueissket dreppei back beaten, irad Itaoger <Jied aWay ; Caiiiag wrod took the lead mod woe by tnoieDgths. Selling Hurdlks.—Rimrod i, Fairliaidsn 2, Miner? 3. Railway Stakes.—Kapper Tandy 1, Tin Ghost 1, [Kruno 3. Verdure sea Lady Hampdsii alto started. 