? i Music and Drama. I Herr August Wilhelmj, the violinist whom musi cians and musical people in Europe have alike placed at the top of fame's ladder, who by lus most violent opponents — and all great men and artists have op ponents — is admitted as second only to Joacliim, has returned to Sydney, and is now giving a final series of concerts in the Masonic Hall. So far, we regret to say that, however enthusiastic the welcome accorded to this eminent musician has been by those who have heard him, the numbers have been so few that the result must have been depressing in the extreme to those who have taken part in the concerts, and in a financial sense very unsatisfactory to the entrepreneur. It is not our function to find rea sons for the failure, or it would not be diffi cult to do so ; we have to do with the facts, some of which, apart from the music, too clearly affect the public for us to pass them by, and they also compel reflection on the causes wliich, while they pro duce irritation, tend largely to remove the reproach which at first sight seems deserved for the want of appreciation on the part of the people for the work of an artist of Wilhelmj 's power and fame. On Monday the programme contained Bruclc for Bruch, Shuman for Schumann, and ' duet from the Kreutzer sonata.'* These peculiarities show that no care is exercised in revising the programme, while the many changes imply that the list is drawn up haphazard, and that the performers vary it at pleasure, one result being that non-musical people spoke of the rarely heard selection from Wagner's ' Meister-singer ' as the well-known evening song of Schumann. On Tuesday the concert was advertised as taking place at the Town Hall. No programmes were provided, no announcement was made from the platform as to the termination of the first part, the opening of the second, or of the con clusion of the concert. People came and people went as their fancy dictated. If the management so lightly estimates what is due to the performers in making known the order of the performance to the public, there need be no cause for wonder that the general public are slow to recognise them. Interest begets interest, and those who want the public support must be prepared to make the public familiar with the attractions for which they -wish their favours. Of the performance of Herr Wilhemj it is impossible to speak too warmly. His first piece was a concerto by Max Bruch, one of two of the most important instrumental works by this eminent composer, who, amongst living German musicians, has few equals. Bruch'e mother was herself a distinguished singer, and watched her son's talents with jealous care in his childhood's, days. His first theoretical teacher was Professor Brudenstein. At the age of 14 he gained the Mozart scholarship at Frankfort-on-Maine, and during the four years' residence there studied under Hiller, Reinecke, and Breuning. At the age of 25 he was appointed musical director at Coblenz, and two years later kapellmeister to the Prince of Schwarzburg Sondershausen. In 1870, at the age of 32, he resigned his post, and has since lived independently at Berlin and at Bonn, devoting himself to composition. He has written in many branches — chamber music, orchestral and choral works. That which established his fame was ' Scenes from the Frithjof Saga,' for male voices and orchestra---' a work of the freshest invention and consummate technique.' Bruch is largely endowed with melody, and his mas tery over all modes of treatment allows him to clothe his musical ideas in the most brilliant setting. The delicacy and exquisite sense of harmony which are so characteristic of his works were admirably revealed in the concerto played on Monday (it is dedicated to Joachim), and, if for the introduction of this only, the musical public of Sydney are largely indebted to Ilerr Wilhelmj. In the second part we again heard the paraphrase of the Knight Walter's ' Prize Song' in the meister-singers' competition for the fair hand of Eva, the goldsmith's daughter. In this great work, which the violinist played at his final concert in the first series, we listen entranced to the passion ate outpouring of that absorbing love which so inspired the knight that all obstacles were vanquished and the chivalrous singer became the victor. In unfolding the beauties of music in the highest walks of the romantic and classically poetic school, Herr Wilhelmj is heard at his very best. His consummate skill and absolute control of all resources of his in strument enable him to forget difficulties insurmount able to ordinary players and to concentrate his powers on giving his hearers the most perfect interpretation of the musical sentiment, added to revelations of matchless art. The noble 'Ave Maria ' of Schubert followed, and this, on the following night, was given as an encore. The beautiful ^melody was first played with marvellous tenderness on the fourth string, which for the time sounded like a full- toned baritone voice or a rich bassoon ; and then with equal effect on the higher strings, as if an inspired religicuse with a chorus of maidens, poured forth tliier'adoration. Those Mho had the happiness to hear the perform ance will not readily forget the deep feeling it created. Ernst's ' Elegie,' the ' Hungarian Dances,' the elegant Chopin morceau, and the romance by Wilhelmj were heard during the first series, but were none the less welcome; and the masterly performance'of the famous Kreutzer sonata exhibited the powers of violinist and pianist in admirable contrast. The last movement was so superbly played that Beethoven's speech to Bridgetower at the original performance might well have been addressed to Wilhelmj : 'N'och cinnial, mein Ueler Bunch.'' The sonata was w?ritten for Bridge tower, but a subsequent quarrel Wifh this eccentric player made Beethoven dedicate it to Rodolphe Kreutzer, though Berlioz asserts that the latter never played it. Herr Vogrich has not given us many novelties, Liszt's fantasia on ' Norma ' being the only solo not hitherto included in the programme. In any work in which this musician is associated with another, the piano part is faultlessly rendered, and in short pieces his re fined taste and scholarly power are evident. In transcriptions by Liszt, he still indulges in an ex travagance which closely approaches eccentricity, and which leads him to wander greatly from the text of the solos he undertakes. That he is an artist of un doubted talent he reveals in many ways. This makes regret for his sudden improvisations all the keener. The talented and accomplished vocalist, Miss Kate Thayer, the original soprano of the company, is no longer in its ranks. Her success in Melbourne has been greater than in Sydney, though here her perfect vocalisation secured quick recognition. Miss Marie Conron now undertakes the vocal portion ; and, though she possesses in a large degree, the charms of youth and a fine mezzo soprano voice the want of culture sadly tells against the attractions, and the faults of neglected training are made still more prominent by the high qualifications of the instrumental musicians with whom she appears. The music suited to the character of the concerts is beyond Miss Conron's power, and that in which she suc ceeds — very light ballads or semi-character songs — is out of place. 'Weber's immortal melody from ' Der Freischutz ' was immeasurably out of the singer's reach ; and the beautiful licd-er of Schubert, full of true emotion and musical feeling, are ruined by the maimerisms wliich may be tolerated in 'Dresden China.' The matin6e for the benefit of Mrs. Marcus Clarke and her children is memorable, not only for the kindly feeling which prompted it, but for the general interest manifested by all ranks of the dramatic profession to share in it. The lessees of the Royal generously placed the theatre at the disposal of the promoters ; ar.d the players in the three parts into which the entertainment was divided evidence the heartiness with which so many joined in the common cause. After the prologue, written by Mr. Garnet Walch, and delivered by Mr. Walter Reynolds, w hich was exceedingly creditable to both, the fourth act of 'Richelieu' was presented. Mr. Dewhurst's pourtrayal of the crafty Cardinal was truly admirable, and drew from the large and critical audience the most emphatic and deserved signs of approbation, and made many lament that this clever actor has not had the large stage and theatre of the Royal for his season. Miss Marian Willis and Mr. J. B. Steele ably supported Mr. Dewhurst ; the recall and the unanimous burst of applause told how thoroughly the conception of the actor agreed with the sym pathies of his hearers. The concert was not carried out in its entirety, but all who took part acquitted themselves well. Miss Carrie Godfrey, who has been a long tour with the Simonsen Opera Company, was in good voice, and much pleased her listeners. She will be wiseto cultivate particularly her low notes, whichare are rich and pure ; and contralto voices are so rare tiat their fortunate possessors should do their best to develop them ; we have plenty of singers with high voices. Mr. H. R. Woods needs no favour on the score of being an amateur ; many professional singers have far fewer claims to their position than this gentle man, who uses his fine voice with skill and good effect, and sings with an absence of effort and in an easy, unaffected manner which commends itself to all. ' The he&rt; bowed down,' as Mr. S. Hodge plays it on the saxophone, is always acceptable. Mr. Halle well sing, as a genuine artist, ' Honour and Arms,' from Handel's oratorio, ' Samson,' and for encore the firte old English song, ' Hearts of oak,' of which the sentiment finds a ready echo with all British audiences. Mr. Maccabe fully explained the popularity of his , entertainment ; true humour is in every word he utters and every movement he makes ; his voice is certainly not above that of the average amateur, but the manner in which he uses it is excellent ; and from the moment when, after one indescribable glance round the house, he, apparently unconsciously to himself, half chanted the words, ' I'm not myself at all,' until he finished his song there was an unbroken accompaniment of suppressed laughter ; and the drollery of ' TJhe Whistling Thief,'' »? - a which he gave as an encore, was irresistible. Mr. C *3 Huenerbein was the pianist, and in addition to tha - accompaniments played one solo with good effect. The first act of ' Olivette,' which formed the third ' part of the programme, was chiefly remarkable for j the assumption of the heroine by Miss Minnie j Hope. As Claudine, this young lady made % manv friends ; her parts as Maid of Honour, | and as the sailor-boy who sings of the charms of ? , - Jamaica rum were equally popular, and in her last I achievement she not only revealed additional capa- ** bilities, but showed how very differently the same I part may be represented by two members of the same .** company. Her appearance is very much in her favour .; her speaking voice is very agreeable, and she i is wise enough to use it without affectation; her sing ing voice is not very powerful, but what there is is of good quality, and the 'Sob Song' has never been 1 rendered with better effect on the stage, or with greater satisfaction to the audience. Mr. Musgrove - is to be congratulated on possessing so charming a 1 substitute for the regular prima donna. In many 1 places, the interpretation of the ' Olivette ' of the day was infinitely more acceptable than the usual j version. Sir. Harwood, besides the fun with which he invests the part of the Duke, was largely instrumental in the success of the matinee. ' Olivette ' finished its career in Sydney last night, and to- night (Saturday) ' Madame Favartj' by Offen bach, will be produced for the first time in Australia. At the Opera-ouse, ' Girofie '' was followed by ' La Fille de Madame Angot,' which has been scarcely as successful as have been the previous efforts by the same company. Miss Wangenheim is in clined to be too extravagant in action ; she does not realise that gestures and attitudes which in a very slight figure are not remarkable become so when the actress is somewhat sub stantially endowed by nature. Her singing, too, suffers when she allows the excitement of her acting to carry caution away with it. Her voice in the higher and lower ^ notes is very' good, and her shake is excellent; but there is one part of the voice which is very harsh when not thoroughly controlled, and of this the singer should be ever mindful. Mr. Kelly and his coadjutors work [ arduously, and deserve every encouragement. The i scenery, wliich Mr. Wilson designed, is very good. ' Fatinitza,'' which is new to Sydney, is announced. Those who frequented the concerts of the Austrian Band will remember the name of Suppe figured pro minently in the programmes as a composer ; ' Fati nitza' is one of his operas. Mr. J. Dewhurst has been greeted with crowded houses during the week. 'Macbeth' was given; and to our surprise, with the resources at command, the attempt at Locke's music was not a failure. The veteran Kitts was the Hecate ; and by vigorous efforts of his own, unison singing among the chorus, and a chosen few voices behind the scenes for the echo, con siderableeffect was addedto the witch scenes. Mr. Dew hurst's want of proper support was more evidenced in this than in any play in which he has appeared here ; and probably for this reason lie seemed to concentrate his powers on his own part, irrespective of the others, and to deliver the long speeches as if anxious to make his own version stand out independent of and apart from that of the motley group around him. This at times necessarily inter- ' fered with the play, and made still more plain the j incongruities of the cast; but there were scenes ] in which Mr. Dewhurst was singularly effective, and in none more so than when, after his vision of Banquo's ; ghost at supper, he retires with his queen; word, tone, ? and gesture were alike impressive and excellent. In. this as in all other characters, the variety and magni ficence of tlie costumes worn by Mr. Dewhurst have received general admiration. 'Much Ado about Nothing' succeeded ' Macbeth,' and on Friday Mr. Dewhurst had a benefit, the performance selected being ' The Merchant of Venice.' The details of this must be reserved for next week. - Mr. Maccabe's ' Humourous Sensation,' 'Begone, Dull Care,' fills the School of Arts to its utmost jimits night after night, and for genuine amusement it would be difficult to spend two hours more agreeably. Last week we omitted to notice the amateur per formance in the Victoria Hall, Castlereagh-street, for the benefit of the Kaiser Wilhelm-Spende. The entertainment consisted of two one-act comedies, ' Sachsen in Preussen' and ' Die Dienstboten,' with a selection of very good music between. The actors and actresses were all amateurs. The dialogue was in ? German, and for the convenience of the non-German visitors outlines of the plots were furnished. The acting was good, and the audience, of which a large j proportion were unfamiliar with the language spoken, j nevertheless entered heartily into the fun. The first m piece requires but three persons, and the business is chiefly confined to two, both of whom were quite at home. The lady was conspicuous in the second piece, and contributed very much to its success. One of the best characters was 'the housemaid, played by a young Australian-born lady, whose accent and fluency in German compared well with those of recent arrivals from Fatherland, while the handsome groom of the evening fully justified the j affectionate devotion of Hannchen. The ap- {! plause was frequent, and the delight general when :j by the drawing of a prize in the lottery the old and the § young lovers were enabled to marry. Herr Francek had the direction of the instrumental music, which in cluded the Prince Battenburg March, composed by the director for the occasion ; a quintett by Mozart, with I1 clarionet solo by Herr Kotraschek ; and the spirited k overture to ' Masaniello.' M. Bomon, by permission of Mr. Musgrove, played a ' Fantaisie *de Lucie de Lammermoor,'' by Mohr, with the artistic finish and skill and pure tone which mark all his 'cello-playing. Mr. Bushelle sang a humorous song by Suppe, and received an enthusiastic encore, and the members of the Liedertafel sang three glees with the earnestness and musical spirit which are characteristic of their efforts generally. The fund will benefit considerably by what was a very good entertainment at a very low charge of admission. 1 To-day, Saturday, at half-past 2 o'clock, Costa's I ' Eli ' will be performed in the Garden Palace, by | the Sydney Musical Union. Miss Annis Montague, | Miss Marie St. Clair, Mr. Charles Turner, Mr. John | Bushelle, and Mr. Hollingdale are the principal if vocalists, with a band and chorus of 150. Mr. |j Sydney Moss will conduct. j| The portrait of Miss Cora Miller, vocalist of the i Mendelssohn Quintett Club, is now exhibited in the 1 town ; the members of the club arrive by the incom- ' | ing mail from San Francisco, and a genuine musical g treat in the most attractive form of chamber music jj may be confidently expected. 1 Mr. Grattan Riggs has been succeeded by Mr; I Wybert Reeve in Brisbane, who is accompanied by ] Miss Annie Mayor and Mr. Frank Cates. 1 Mr. H. J. Cannon, B.A. of Oxford, has been. 1 appointed organist and choirmaster of the cathedral at 3 Tuam. 1 The Carandini Concert Company was rather sud- \ denly broken up in Japan. Miss Marion Linden, the ; pianist (a young lady from Ballarat), remains there to J give lessons. The Carandini family are at present in. 1 CooktownJ; and Mr. Otto Fischer, the baritone, of ' whom the French critics in Japan speak very highly* is now in Sydney. 