®hc Watdi, j PUBLISHED KVKBT WBDX5STUT AND I SATURDAY KOBNIKG. SATURDAY, JULY 2, 1SSI. EEFORM OP THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL THE Commissioner of Public Works given notico of the early introduc tion of a bill to make certain changes in the constitution of the Legislative Council. Tbeeo will bo based to a largo extent on tho lines indicated in tho Morgan programmo. Tho most popular, and probably the most inu portanfc, Alteration will bo in the method of electing mombers. Tho one constituency principle is to be abandoned, and the colony is to be divided into districts. Our public men have stuck moat pertinaciously to tho single constituency plan, and only gave way when it fairly broke down from sheer clumsiness. But thuy still dread to go vory far in the way of ro foTm. The establishment of districts that would bo convenient for electors and candidates is still apparently a secondary consideration; thoy still dread tho local" hobgoblin ; and though willing to break up the colony into districts, they wish to keep them large and unwieldy, Tho Government hint at proposing four districts. We may as well point out that each one of four districts now will ba as large aa the settled part of the colony was when Parliamentary government was introduced; and though they will abate the objectionable attendants of the present system they will leave much to be desired. We apeak from a country point of view, and we would urge that the thing country doctors especially dcnire is the opportunity of getting to know personally something of the men and their opinions who wish to represent them, 'lhin th«?y caunot expect, or only vory imper fectly, if the districts are left so large as to entail a too heavy expenditure of time and money. Besides the candid ates would more fairly represent the country if they knew intimately its various requirement*. We object, therefore, to only four electoral dis tricts. Our neighbors in Victoria who formerly haa twelve found them inconveniently large, and have decided to increase them to twenty-four Wo are not anxious for so much sub division ; but when we move in the mat ter we should go a reasonable way. We think we ought not to have less than eight Legislative Council elector* ates. Each of these will bo found sufficiently lar^e to do electors and candidates justice. The next important change is in the number of members. At present the House consists of eighteen members, which the experience of the past Bix years has shown to bo too few to secure a full and honest interpretation of the mind of the country. The eighteen have been apt to run in a groove and to look at legislation from a too contracted standpoint. This ro suit was no doubt due largely to the mode of election, but partly also to the smallness of the House. Members settled down into a sort of happy family, and followed the loader for the time being like so many sheep. It is proposed to increase tho number to twenty- four. This is not a great increase, but combined with the altered mode of election, it will, no doubt result in a decided im« rovemeut in the tone of the Houso. t will supply fresh blood, and more of it; and we may expect the sympathies of the country to be bettor reflected by tho enlarged Council than it has been for a good many years. The third radical change proposed is the reduction of tho time fop which members are elected from twfelvo to nine years.^ This is also a modest pro posal, and is not likely to be objected to except by those who would like to go further. In colonial life nine years is a long term to hold O(1ko, and wo have no doubt many will favor a shorter term on the one ground of keeping members in sympathy with the times. Twelve years allowed a man to become, comparatively speak ing, a fossil; and oven nine veara will occasionally be long enough to leave him' high and dry on tho ideas of the past. We have no desiro to see too much or too frequent changes in the Council, but it is desirable to have enough to keep up its mental vigor and vitality. Under the present system electors havo the opportunity of infusing fresh blood into it to tho oxtent of six mem bers overy four years ; under the pro posed bill they will have the opportu nity of doing this to the extent of eight members overy throe years. Tho new bill proposos toincreaso the num ber of meinbors to twouty-four, ono third of whom will go to tho country overy three years. Asa means of preventing deadlocks it is proposed to adopt tho Norwegian svstem. Mr. Glyde has been tho champion of this system, but it has not met with much favor so far. Ah most of ourreadera are a, ware it brings the two Houses together when a seri ous difference of opinion arises be tween them, a joint vote is thori takon, and tho decision is supposed to settle the matter. We neod scarcely Coint out that this mothod will hardly e accepted as satisfactory when tho question is of national importance. What would have been the result had it been applied, as at ono time proposed, to one of tho burning questions that have disturbed Victoria for some years? The Liberal party would havo been beaten at all points; and instead of turmoil thero would probably havo boen revolution in tho land. The Norwegian plan may do very well for questions of minor importance, but it will utterly fail to Bottle questions on which there is a serious difference of opinion- We may M well go on as we are as adopt tho Norwegian scheme. TIIF. CASTKKTON MAII,,-The irregularity complained of in our last has been rectified. At the meeting of thelioad Board on Thursday Mr. Grouch drew attention to the inconvenient hour at which the mail arrived at Casterton from Mount Gapibier-between 8 and 0 p.m. This might easily be obviated. Nothing was gained hy keeping the mail at Mount Gamhier till mid-day, while if it was started three honra earlier the whole of the journey could he completed with daylight. It was decided to dircct the attention of the Postmaster-General to the matter. The proposed alteration would be a boon to traveller*. THE GHOST.-Several communications bnvo reached ui which go to show that " the ghost" which has been frightening the town for some weeks is largely the creation of the imagination The Sturt-street ghost-" ten feot high and nil black "-was a stTay horse standing on the foot path. A ghost seen in Gray-stTeet was a very substantial visitor from Mitlicent trying to dis cover the entrance to Mr. BolteV residence. Sundry other ghosts are similarly accounted for. Mr. Whitehead saw a white objcct on the road near Mr Williams's mill late on Saturday night. He made a dive at it but it was whisked into the cam reserve. A larrikin was there with a string attached to the rag. Mr Whitehead de sires it to be known that he is not afraid to meet *' the gho#t," and if the latter will appoint a place ana hour he will be there, and try which is the Lest man. There is reason to be lieve that the ghost will now find it very incon venjeut to continue his pranks. If he doe* wo slinll soon know who ho is. We hope the scare will now die out. Tuk TOWN I1ai.I,-A meeting of tho rate fayora of Mount G ambit r was belt] in tho nstitute Hall on Thursday night, when they were asked to dicido whtther the Council should adhere to tho prize dosign for tho building or adopt that of Mr. Harrow, Both plans were exhibited, and before and during the meeting w ero examined by those present. It soon transpired that there was a consider able diversity of opinion as to tho merits of the two plans, and eventually, instead of expressing an opinion as to cither a motion was carried limiting the amount to be spout in building to a.WM, leaving the Council free to do the beat they could with the money at their command. The prize plan was tendered for at £3,400 ; and the otlw-r at i2,RaS. The motion virtually pledges tho Council to the chuipcr plan, and tw dHubt it will now adopted- It will It noiiccd by the report of the T»>ww Cuiineil meeting that Mr IJ.T, Moore has jjtnerously made offer ct a site for the hall. This was to have been laid before the rat payers' meeting, but appears to have been overlooked. NVe hope, huwever, Mr. Moon;'a offer will yet jccr.te tho attention to which it is entitled. Whe thor the land be suitable or not fur tl.c bnilding the handsome« lT<*r disem-s acknow ledgment. It may k.id the way to a further display of public spirit. WATER Scrrt.v.-The memorial in favor of a water supply for Mount (iambier has now 23U signatures attached to it. It will be sent to Mr. Hanker in a few days. It has also bean arranged to send lists showing the voting power or those opposed and those in fator of the bill. " OLD SFORT" coqoplains that Booth No, 1 at the forthcoming itee^iechase meeting was overbastily knooked down to the bia of a nun-publican. We have made erqairy and I are assured that tho sale was pioperly aud I fairly conducted. THE weather ha* been extremely cold and wintry during the week, and »gr<atricalofniin Um fallen. The fall from 0 a in. on Widnesd ty li'i 9 » m. on Thursday amounted to ofer »TI incti The cold has been ecjual to anything in that wav w» have em experience.! here. The weather, however, is favorable to agricultural ojrerations, which are progressing satisfactorily. A Smash.-A few evenings since Mr. H. Peato was driving Mr. J. Ingluby'x lm.'gy aloug the Penola-rnad towards town wlwii the horao became somewhat restiw. Ttio result was that the buggy was ilra^n vio lently against a fence ana the side. of the hood and the two shafts broken and other damage was done. Fortunately the driver himself escaped unhurt. VACCT.vatjos. - Dr. Jackson announces that he will perform vaccination every Thurs day afternoon at three o'clock till further notice. DISTRICT Coukgit. P.I.kctioss -The polling for the election of Councillors and Auditors for the several District Councils in the Sonth-East, where mora persons were nominated than re quired, will take place on Monday next. There will be contests io Mount Oambier West, Penola, Port MacDonnell, Narracoorte, and Millicent. FOOTHAM*-A match between the premier football club of the South-Hast, that of Penola, and the Mount Oambier Club will be played to day in the Moorak paddock, west of Claravillo. There will be 20 players aside. The players chosen for Mount Oambier are -.-Messrs. M, Hayes (captain), A. Dodge, J., C, and A. Clark, P. MacArthur, F. Breton, W, Kommolt, J. Palmer, 0, Crouch, " Martin," J. Harris, A. May, IV Jleid, J. Millhonse, D. MacArthur, H. Crennan, J, Buchanan, D. Underwood, and W. Ilosking. Emergency-II. Scott, 0. Dean, and J. Ryan. A good match is looked forward to. SAWS OF BOOTHS.-Mr. Bolte offered on Wednesday morning the right to erect two pub licans' and two refreshment booths at the Moant Oambier racecourse on Wednesday next. No, 1, Sublican's, was purchased by Mr. Bavin, for Mr. . L. Harrison, of the Shakespere Tavern, for £6 10* j and No, 3, by Mr. D, MacKennic, Farmers' Inn, for £0 10s. The fir«t refrcelununt booth fell lo Mr. R. Sweet for £3 10s; and tlio second to Mr, J. Whitehead for £i 10i, THE PJUCE OF MEAT.-At a meeting of the butchers in tho town on Wednesday evening, at the Globe Inn, it was resolved to raise the price of beef and mutton all round, the reason assigned being the difficulty of obtaining fat stock. The prices are advertised in our columns to-day, and all the butchers in the town have signed the notice. CoMto OPERA.- Our old friend Mr. M. Forde intends visiting Mount Oambier with a comic opera company early nest month, and has engaged the Institute Hall for five days. Engj.i«H Maii..-The mail for England per tha contract packet will close at Mount Oambier on Monday next, 4th inst., at 10 30p,m. PIOEON Sjiootjno MATCHES. - Yesterday afternoon a series of pigeon shooting matches was held in ons of the small paddocks it short distance east of the town, Tho weather was wet and windy and generally nnfarnrablo for the sport. We append the results : - Five bird match Mr. T. C. Ellis.. Hilt 6 Mr. A Fwtch,. lilt- ^ " H. A. Prico 00001 1 " 0. a Scott 0011- 2 " J. R. Moore 1001- 8 " F.Davison.. 1111- 4 8 10 Mr. Frew, who fired for both sides, shot four birds. The match was won by Mr. Fartoh's side. The second match was a four bird one, and resulted in favor of Mr. Ellis's tide, as fol lows : Mr. Ellis.. .. 1101 8 I Mr, Fundi .. 01118 " Pilco.. .. 1010 3 " Scott.. .. 1010 2 " Frew., ,, 111141 " Davison .. 11018 0| ~8 Mr Moore fired on both sides, and secured two birds. A one bird match was also fired. THE HOSHTAI,.-The following is tho r«port for Juno Patients admitted, 10 ; discharged, 10; death, 1 ; remaining in hospital, 45 ; outdoor patients, 50. Count op Rkvisiojj.-On Thursday morn ing Mr, G, B. Scott, S.M., Retaroiotf- Officer for tlio District of Victoria, hold a l-ourt of Revision ac the Court HOURO, Mount Oam» bier. Two names on the Houso of Assembly roil, ono at Ponola and tho other at Mount Gambier, wero struck off; and ono on tho Legislative Council roll at Mount Gambior. The foitowiag table shows the increase in the i number of voters in tho ilistriot, as shown by the numbers in March last and at present: House of Lejpilative Assembly, Council. On roll in March, 1891 1,845 Wtff On roll June 80, 1881 ... 2,015 980 The following shows (he number tiow entitled to vote at each polling place : Houie of Legiilntive Aeiembly. QpiinaU. Mount Gambler ... .., 006 408 Port MacDonuell 212 l(t» Tarneena ... ... ... 40 16 Millicei.t .. 483 'Sib Peuola 235 113 Beachport ... 70 25 Totals .2,045 088 Lrf fAU CoPUT.-There aro two now casoi down for hearing at tho sitting of tho Local Court on Monday, viz.-C. hngelbrccht v. Albert Plato and others, JCvUi 4a. ; and A. J. Twigg t>. A, Plate, £40. Both aro Full Court casea. IUINFAU..-Daring the month of Jane the rainfall at Mount Gambier, as registered at tho Telegraph Office here, amounted to 4 680 inches. Bain fell on 10 daya. The rainfall for the first half of tho preaent vear WM 13'886 inches, being G'3&0 yiohes feu than the fall in the samo perl&d; laat year. The rainfall in Jane 1880 was 4*760 inches. VITAi. STATISTICS. - During the mouth of Jutia 35 liirtha, including 23 mates and 1*2 females, and nine dpaths, flvo males and four females, were registered in the District of Ore;. Excess of births over deaths, '20. I.wn uTK.-A meeting of trustees was held on Thuisday evening, when them were present Messrs. Davison (Ohairmau), Scott, Frew, Pritcliard, Bolte, and Lewis Tenders woro re ceived from Messrs. 0. Watson and It Hood for supplying new covers for tnagaziues, and it was resolved that Mr. Hood's should be accepted. Several small accounts wore passed for payment. ! 