MY LOVE. Bt E. Lynh Lrarow, Author of ' Patricia Kemball,' ' Tht Atonmunt of Iitam Dttndat,' ' XJn&tr; which Lord,' $e. [The solo copyright for Queensland of ' My Lovo' oae been secured {or Tht IPm*.] CHAPTER XOIII.— (Continued.) 'You have disappointed me ; you have angered mo ; you have grievously and wantonly offended me. I comider myaelf humiliated and insulted, and I shall find forgiveness a difficult virtue to exoroiHo on behalf of a perverse and ungrateful child, onoh as you have proved your self to be.'. : Mr. Branscombe opened his conversation with Stella later in the evening, after Valentino had left, and when Augusta and Hortonsia had gone to bed, with this exordium majestically delivered and very sincerely felt. ' Papa, what would you have mo to do r' cried Stella, her courage drowned in despair at this litany of roproaohes from her father, onco so blindly worshipped, andetillso fondly loved, if not so wholly believed in as before. \- I wonld havo had you wise, modest, and obedient,' he answered, fixing his eyes on her with a frown. ' I would have had you accept Mr. Valentine Oowley's exceedingly desirable proposal, and marry tho man of your father's choice.' ' Without loving him, papa ?' ' Without rubbishing sentiment, without selfish consideration, without unmaidenly pro clivities, and without the rostless fancy of your own silly imagination,' he answered, angrily. 1 Had you been the Stella of old days, tho Stella of my hope, you would have trusted your happi ness, like your mind, your will, your heart, your head, your love, to me ; you would hava let ma regulate your lifo as the best architect of jour fortune, und you would have found what I had done, well. Who bo good a guide for-VnB phild as loving father, with experience and r- mind to comprehend life all round ? I know you, and I know that exceedingly excellent young man. It wus the marriage of all others most suitable, most desirable. I planned and arranged for it; and you hava wilfully disappointed and, I may say, deoaived me.' ' No, papa, I never deoeived you !' inter polated Stella. ' You are no longer my Stella,' ooritinued Mr. Braneoombe, not heediug her. ' You are to me aa a ohanging, and henceforth you must live as an exile from thoBe deepest recossotj of my heart where hitherto you hnve had your homo 1' ' Papa, do not say that !' oried Stella, oovering her faos. ? You have eleotod, and you must take tho consequences,' ho answered, coldly. ' But why do you want me to marry at all ? Why do you want it f ' then said tho girl, suddenly looking up with a curiously scared expression. What did she think ? What suspect ? What foresee P ' Only a short timo ago you would not hear of it, and now — why. do you wunt to foroo me ? I lovo Oyril Ponsonby,' she wont on to say in a strange, reckless way ; ' and I do not care in tho least for Mr. Oowley. Yet you made me break with the one and now you want me to take the othor. I cannot uuder Btand it at all, nor why you should b« so angry with me bocauso I have not accepted a maul do not oare for, whan' — sho stopped horeolf in time. It was not necessary to repeat her oon fession of faith within eo short a timo. ' I loved you too well to givo you to that very ordinary young boor, Mr. Orril Ponsonby,' oried Mr. Branscombe ; ' and it wai because I loved you that I wished you to marry Mr. Cowley, in overy way your equal and fit mate. Was that suoh a difficult problem to yon, Stella?' ' But I do not want to marry anyone/ said Stella. ' And I wish that you should marry some one, and soon,' said her father, sternly. Sho looked at him with her large eyes, dark and frightened. \- ' Papa,' she said, slowly, ' do you want to get rid of mo ?' 1 1 wish you to marry, and to marry well,' he repeated evasively. She burst into a passion of tears. 1 Oh, this is too much !' sho said, in her bitter anguish of despair. ' You took me from Oyril to be your comfort and. companion, and now you want me to loavo you ! You have broken my heart twioe over, papa — I who havo only loved yon bettor than myself ; hotter, too, than Oyril.' ?Oyril ! Oyril I1 Baid Mr. Branscombe, now thoroughly roused, and forgetting even to pose, ' Hear me, Stolln. I ooramand you nevar to ropoat that namo in my presonco again. You degraded yourself by your love for that young man in tho beginning ; you dagrado yourself doubly by what I Gupposo you would oall your constancy now. Lot this end. You havo chosen, and I will say dared, to rqjoot tho choioo which I had mudo for you. So be it. You will havo to loarn tho mistake that you bo wilfully made. But I will not havo a daughtor of mino oponly profess her lovo for a man who has dofiuitoly oast hor pff as this Ponsonby has oast off you. Foolish, obstinato, undutiful you may bo and aro ; but immodest, by heavens, no ! That is moro than I can boar. Do you think that prooious littlo virginal angol, Hor. tonsia Lyon, would act as you act? Tako oounBol by hor Bweot example, and let it load you to tho higher levels of ropoutanco, and tho refined paths of maidon modesty.' ? And with this Mr. Brunecombo took up his chamber candlestick and wont off to his own room — one of the raro times in bis lifo whon ho was absolutely in earnest, if by no meane beau tiful or poetio. Moanwhilo, Stella sat in tho deserted sitting, room, stunned and terrified : fooling as, if tho vory earth had given way, and that tho solid things of life had beoome floating and insecure, as if all happinoss had died for ovor, and that hor father was sitting oil tho tomb whero her still living lovo lay buried, and tho only person at tho back of hor consoiousnoss of whuao ap proval sho was sure, was hor good friend Ran dolph, brothor Randolph, brother now moro than over. Valentino, huiniliatod and sore, but too puro and honest a guutleman to seek in dissipation relief from pain, yet un'iblo to live among tbo broken fragments of his shattered hopes und mutilated nrido. started off to Ilisrhwood to the Pennofathors. Thoro at loast he would have ' fan' and suoh distraction aa this includod There ho could not bo poetical nor moody, nor aught but 'jolly' and 'all there' as they said. And Gip was a good girl and thoroughly healthy- miudud. And them camo tho question whioh ho did not aco was promptod by his wounded prido. l;Was it nil ninoero ? Did I not fanoy myself moro in love moro than I really was? Was Stella Bruuscombo so Hupremo as I thought hor? Did I not exaggerate my own foeliugs, spurred on by her coldness rather than by any living pnssiou in mvself ? Was it not rather tho desire to distance a rival memory than spontaneous lovo on my own part, and am I not on tho wholo well out of it?1 Ho asked himself those quostions honestly and clearly, and ho mswerod thom as honestly, us ho thought. Yes, he was well out of it. But if be wore, ho had a singularly harassed look for a man just osoaprd from a danger ; and any ono would have said that, instead ol escape, ho had had a fall, and a heavy one. And iudood all tho Shorrardine pooplo did Bay, each in his own manner, as they received him with an effusiveness of welcome whioh mudo him foel liko tho Prodigal Sou restored to his own and regaled with the fattest of the fattest oalvaa in tho stalls. Thoy fairly ravod at him for his queer lookB and suggested all kindB of absurd explanations of tho same; Gip, und she by a rare oxcession of wit, au almost intuitive perception of thin. ice, strangoly foreign to her general nature, riiiid nothing. But, perhaps, she noted more than the other ; oertainly she guessed nearer to tho truth. Onco only did she touch the seoret sore, and then with tho lightest, kindost, deftest fingers in tho world. As sho and Val were strolling over tho lawn that evening, after dinner, she leaned her face up to his and said, in a voice Bofter than hers in general, and that slightly humbled in spite of herself. ' Yal, you have come here out of tune old man; but, remember, you have come among chaps who rosily love you without humbug or palaver. So you just paddlo your own canoe in your own way, till you are all square again. No one shall bother you, and I'll take care that no one shall ohaff you, and will never ask what it is.' . The genuine kindness, tho substantial delivery of this queer, rough speech, over came Vol. . . i 'Dome with me into tho shrubbery, oat of sight of the windows, Gip,' he said, his voioe, too, slightly trembling, at.d his manner a strange mixture of headlong exoitement and almoit ferocious melancholy. 'Whatever is amiss with me you oan oure — and you only ' ' Whereupon thay plunged into the dark depths of the shrnbbery, and there words were said which loft Gip radiant as a minbeara, and Val like a thuuderoloud traversed by unwhole some lightning. Thoy wero words spoken pnoe for all. and words which would be ituok to ; and if the mother at home, in that stately placo in Warwickshire, did not like them, bo much the worse for her. But that would not effect the position of her future daughtor. in- law. The rejaoted heart had been caught at the rebound, and Georgia Pennefather held the prize. . ' Something has gone wrong,' she said to her sister, when she told her tho news at night ; ?' but Patrick, I will never, never, never ask what it is. I am engaged to him now. I am far too jolly to whino about old scores.' . ' Right you are, George,' said Pip, between laughing and orying, kissing and sobbing ; \- But oh, meroy'me ! whatever shall I do with out you? Oh, George, I shall go dead when you have gone! Val will havo to marry me, too !' ' You'll get a Val of your own, Patriok, and then you'll not mind,' said Gip, soothingly ; but the fraotnre was too patent; and the two T)nvflRRnhhQd And kissed each other, in mirnPRt — Gip's long-dormed engagement to that dear old chap, that nice old man, Val Oowley, having, itrange to say, ita drawbacks 1 CHAPTER XLIV.— Lovb's Shadow— Hath The oure of the boy was now complete, and Augusta had to return home. Not many let ters hud passed between her and her mother, and thoau which hud been written were all on the daughter's side. The terrible old woman was a bad seribo at the best ; aud of late her bodily activities in every direction had noticeably decreased, and she laid aBide all exortion whioh she was not absolutely obliged to undergo. Certainly sho laid aside that, to h r quite uti necBBBary, work of supererogation, a corte spondenoe with her daughtor; and only grunted, in htr peculiar manner, with less pleasure than doubt aid critical distaste, when she reoeived ono of Augusta's letters, largely written, flu.nt in word, flowing in form, and telling substantially nothing Notevon telling the important faot that Sandro Kemp and his cousin Ethel White wuro in the same hoUl »s themselves ! that they all wont out together to that momorablo C.iutlo, and on to tho crimaon sunset-lighted sands ; and that words had been apokon whioh never could bo recalled, and by whioh the whole history of lifo had been changed for both mother and d -nghter. All this had to wait until affairs woro some what arranged, when Augusta would say it fuoe to face, and take tho consequences bravely. Sho know what those consequences would be, and sho did not see tho wisdom of anticipation und prematurity. Her heart light, her winsom faoa beautified by her inner joy, her pleasant laugh dear as silver bells, Augusta roturnod to the home whioh had been essentially her prison, as ono fortified by a charm from all ovil, prcBont and to come. The old woman, koon as a hawk to see all ohangeB in the world around hor, caught almost at a glanoe the now spirit whioh sat like a orown on her daughter's head. : ' What is it ?' she askod herself. ' What haB she done, or what is sho going to do? She hai done something, and I must fiud out what it ii.' Bat she Baid nothing on that first evening ; ahe thought sho would wait for an opening aud, when that waa made, thon sho would enter and put all to the rout. That unknown something whioh ailed herself had boen rathor troublo some of late ; and whon that was troublesome her tempor generally followed suit, as thoso who formed her housohold know to their cost. Meanwhile she sat in het easy chair, with hor heavy old eyebrows lowered ovor hor small keen eyag, watching her daughter's brightoned faoe, with its radiant orown of secrot joy, as hor cat might hays watched a bird on the lawn, wait ing for the momont when it should come near enough for that fatal spring to bo mudo. Tho next day passed as tbo first evening had done ; Augusta said littlo about what had hap pened at St. Anne's and nothing ut all about Sandro Komp. For she, liko her mother, was waiting on opportunity aud the fit moment, and would not open the bag before tho run for tb.3 criftturo within was open and assnrod. But tha silonoe of suspicion on tho ono eido, and of rcservo on tha other, mudo itself folt botwoeu thom as tho dead stillness cf tho coming storm proiagcs tho furious outbreak at hand. It wub Sunday. All Highwood had as sembled its usual in tho church poroh after servico, whero tho roturned travellers woro greated with as much animation of wolcomo as if thoy had been to tho North Polo, aud had oome baok laden with sealskin aud froo of frostbitei. Evoryono wus, what tho elang of tho day calls, ' in good form,' and tho elixir of lifa ran bright and clour for each and all. Tho Doves woro especially beaming, and re splendent, their saucy fuoos wero all ovor dimples ; thoir bold blaok roving oyos shono liko brightly polished spheres of ohony sot in ivory ; and Gip, ro- transformed from her lato sharp and yinogary larva, to something even beyond her old buoyant, breezy, high.mottled ? ' self, and what ahe wonld have called a jolly good fellow to all'the world, and in sploudid caso all round. To Stella Bracscombe, to whom ehe had boen so duel and spiteful in the dark duys gone by, now that sho knew her jealousy to bo a more ghost of whioh she hold the substance, sho was like tho most affection ate sistor. It seemed as if sho tried to make up for her ill-humour and roughness by a corresponding excess of sweetness and fellow ship. ' Doar Stolla ! how prim you look !' shu Baid, in her oluur, ringing tones, squeezing the girl's hand till nbe noarly made her ory out with pain. ' How awfully jolly to have you back again aijd to sod your doar littlo f*ce look a mite moro round itnd rosy than it did. You're not quite up to your old self jot, but you nre not such a peaky lark as you were by wiles. It was so awfully nice to see you in your old plaoo again, 1 declare I could not say my prayers us I ought for looking at you.' ' I am go glad to boo you look bo well, Goorgio,' answered Stella, smiling in her sweet way ; a littlu surprised at tho exuboranco of this greeting, but glui that tho cluud had pussod und that Georgia Punnefathor had ' oome out of tho sulks' as Goorprin hersolf would have ?»w. '..mi ^zzmg®zn~h£3B& ' Oh ! X'atriok and mu, wu aro ulwaya tight us trivetB !' said that slangy, fast, objectionable young person, laughing aud looking at her sister sii?nificaatlv. and PiD. t&kiny; un the rub. luu§hod and gave back the significant look with intermit, shouting us her reply — 1 Goorgio is tighter than any trivet, ain't you, Georgio ?' ' Rather,' said tho twin Dove, a wild outburst of irrepressible hilarity tumbling from her lips like u cascade of jocund watora. .?; ; ' And how waa old- Sandro Ksmp, Augusta iF askod Gip when she had done with Stella. ' Val told us what a jo'ly littlo party yon made. Val came here, you know, a littlu while after ho left St. ADne's, and gave us all th» nows.; Fanoy old Saudro and that Miss White with you ! Whut larks ! —jam for some ona I should Buy, Augusta, should not you?' with impudent merriment ' poking fun' at the end of a quarter stuff. Colonel Moneypenny, who had been speaking in a low voice, and with manifest gallantry to the fair widow, ouught the hated name as a man catohns the ooho of a challenge. He stiffened himself as if ou parade, and fixed his fiery eyes on Augusta's, asking hor in plain language— if looks can be called language — 1 What did it mean ?' and had it been the ? jam' of the Pennefathers' vernacular to have Sandro Komp'a uooioty at St Anne's ? . He looked in vain. That waxen mask of mindless amiability, for which Augusta iiatrobe was famous, came over her face like a shadow. hiding the truth, and her real soul beneath the vacant sweetness whioh was her favourite weapon of defence. ' It was very pleasant to have them there,' ehe answered. ' Mr. Kamp is always good natured ' and Mrs. White' (' That was Oyril Ponsonby's ohum,' shouted Gip, parenthetio ally) 'Mrs. White is a very remarkable kind of woman,' continued Augasta, not noticing the parenthesis. 1 What way?' asked Gip, elliptical when ahe was not vulgar, and ungrammatioal always. 'She is a thorough Anglo Indian,' said Augusta, as if this were an explanation. ' And flirts like fun all round,' oried Gip. AuguBta laughed that vaoant, mindleBS little laugh of hers whioh meant nothing. 1 Why, eho tried it on Val, who hated her, and on old Kemp as well,' said Gip. ' But Val said that didn't run. Old Kemp knew better thin that, and so did someone else, didn't they, Augusta t' ' Air. Kemp did not flirt with her, eo far as I could see,' answered Augusta, with a kind of crass literalness which makes an effectual barrier agaiust further conversation; at loaat with most people. It did nothing with Georgie Penuefather. . I But if he did not with her, he did with some one else,' she said in a loud whisper, ' and from what Val »aid we may be looking out for orange blossoms in good earnest this time. Oh, you sly-boots ! oh my, Augusta ! Those Bpoons, thon, were trne ; and you looking at the time as if butter would not melt in your month.' Augusta laughed again. It might be in de preoiation or in acoeptauce of the charge, who can tell ? Not oven Oolouel Moneyponny, watch ing her so closely, nor Dr. Quigley, who was watching both. I 1 was not aware that Mr. Kemp was one of vnnr nnptu ' t.hft nninnpl f.tian oniil BlnmTv Ha faoe livid, his deep-set eyes burning like two uoals blazing from among tho ashes. ' No ?' anbwerod Augusta, her eyes raised to the level of his cravat, not beyond. ' He came there with hiff cousin a week after we went.' ' And stayed there all the time?' ' Yes, we left them still there,' she answered with the prettiest air of girlish frankness, and tho most admirably-acted indifference. 1 When is it to be, Augusta,' asked Gip. ' When is what to be, Georgie ?' anBwerod the widow. ' Orange blossoms and old Kemp,' laughed that sauoy minx. ' Ah, when,' Baid Augusta; 'I will tell you when you wear your orunge blossoms for Vul Cowley,' sho added, drawing her bow at a ven ture ; Stella with hor father and the reBt of the Highwoodites, being a little in advance and quite out of hearing. ' I'll tike you at your word !' shouted Pip ; as sho and Pip, laughing like two mud oreatures, rushed off down the turn whioh led from the high road to Sherrurdine. 1 She had you them, Qeorgie,' laughed Pip ; ' I wonder if she knows !' 1 Oh, it waa only a flake,' said Gip. 'But who cures ? It'll havo to be told soon, I don't oaro how soon, and I don't cure who knows, do you, Patriok ?' ? ' No, I am too a'wfulll jolly about it to want to keep it dark,' said Pip, and her siator nnBwered, frankly, ? So am I.' \ . (To it continued.) 