MR. BARLOWS SNTERTAlNMEyT. ? * ? The ' inimitable ' Barlow, as he is termed, gave his first drawing-room enter tainment in St. George's Hall on Monday evening last. The elaborate hand-bills and posters, together with the well sustained reputation of this versatile artist attracted a large audience, and the curtain had not been raised five minutes before we felt that he was the man, that he would become popular, and secure good houses. He is just the man to suit a Perth audience ; a good actor, an excellent mimic, gifted with various accomplishments on nondescript instruments, and possessing a remarkable compass of voice. After an overture by Mr. and Miss Easton, violin and piano, which was well received, Mr. Barlow came forward, addressed a few humorous words to the audience, and then took his seat at the piano, being in evening dress during the first part of the programme. His first national song ' Volunteers ! Rouse and be Ready,' full of spirit and pathos, was received with loud applause and at once made his reputation ; quickly following was % comic medley, an orignial piece, entitled the ' Chinese Invasion ' whi.ii set every body laughing and was applauded at the end of every verse. His selections on the Rock Harmonicon surpassed anything before attempted on similiar instruments in this colony. For rapidity of motion and excellence of tone this performance is simply ei tnarveL Th; burlesque with harmonium accompaniment was also well received, but iu his next number, ' Irish anecdote and song,' he fairly brought down the house. His brogue was excellent, his dancing all that could be desired, and his song, ' The Babies on our Block ' was acted as well and sung in a manner unsurpassed by comic stagers. Then followed a ballad with banjo accompaniment, which likewise commanded success. A sensational Comic song 'Have you seen the Ghost f' brought tiie first part of the programme to a close. After a short interval Barlow's Character Entertainment entitled ' The Ploughman's Wedding,' followed. ' Farmer May Blos som — an early bird,' who lives somewhere in the buch, determined upon spending a week at the Perth Exhibition, he is opposed to tile marriage of Smiling Tom, a happy looking ploughboy, to Biddy, and D -rothy Daisy, who is discarded, consoles herself in the belief that there are as g--od fish in the sea as ever were caught. ' Old Sarah Walker,' the loving wife of Farmer May Blossom, is disposed to favor Tom's desires, and consents to his marriage. A love-sick Chinaman appears on the stage whose comic rendering and excellent mimicry set the house in a roar. When Farmer May Blossom returns from his trip he finds every thing topsy tarry, but consoles himself by singing a song descrip tive of his happiness with bis loving wife. Each character is reinakably well made up, and tame to life ; notwithstanding this Barlow maintains his ' personality ' throughout, and is easily recognised. After another interval Barlow gave his Negro Entertainment. This remarkable ' nigger ' can black up to advantage, and oib various songs and dances, grimace and contortions fairly set one's sides splitting with laughter. He is just the man to see and hAft-T* after *?inTi*»r q^ supper, and tiie ' gods ' above seemed to worship him. Bis solo on the Kitchen bellows, and on the gridiron, of which he is the original player, must be heard to be appreciated. As the original singer of 'The Blue Tail'd Fly' he was excellent, and the annoyances incident to an acquaintance with this remarkable fly were well pourtrayed. The last number, a violin song and dance, entitled ' Paganini's Ghost ' displayed the remarkable skill and control Mr. Barlow possesses on the violin ; placing the bow between his knees he fiddles away in a 'see saw' manner, be then places the violin behind his bead, on his head, behind him, ^nd then cross-wise, working the bow perpendicularly in., what he terms ' top sawyer ' st vie. The whole of Ithe entertainment is free from vulgarity of any kind ; Mr. Barlow's appearance and manner on the stage are such as to allay the fears of the most fastidious. He his truly a wonderful performer, and is sure to be well supported wherever he goes. The Volunteers. — The usual monthly moonlight parade of the Metropolitan .Hides was held last Wednesday evening. A very good muster was in attendance, and Capt. Hillman put the men through a number of manoeuvres on the parade ground. Capt. Sdenton, of the Geraldton EiJles, attended the parade, and was courteously permitted to take charge of one of the companies. At the termination of the parade Capt. Hill inan intimated to the men that Messrs. Joubert and T wo^-eny had generously invited the Corpf to spend the remainder of the evening at the Exhibition, free of charge, a privilege many of the men took advantage of. Colonial Beeb. — Yesterday, at the re quest of Mr. Burke, who represents Argent's Albany Brewery, we sampled a bottle of a very prime brew from that es tablishment, which would do credit to any part nf Australia. The sample was light, shi ;», ajd luJ h--'i»d, and equal in fla. or to any i*-^1' h oeverage we have tasted. Mr. Bvut- has opened up at the North an extensive trade for Argentic h . . ai. I is now a»rang ing for iU sale at Perth j,iH Frem mi*-.Lj, where, -ve have no doubt, that i.s onsuuip tior. ?. ill be equal to the many high qua! tfe£ which it possesses. Mr. Guger' hm l ten appointed agent for this beer at Pert ' 