THE NOVELIST. MARY MARSTONr BY DK. GEORGE MA.ODONALD. CHAPTER XII. UA.B?'S BREAM. That night, and every night until the dust was laid to the dust, Mary slept well; and through the days she had great composure; but, when the funeral was over, came a collapse and a chaDge. The moment it became neces sary to look on the world as unchanged, and resume former relations with it, then first a fuller sense of her lonely desolation declared itself. When she said good- night to Beenie, and went to her chamber, over that where the loved parent and friend would fall asleep no more, she felt as if she went walking along to her.tomb. That night was the first herald of the coming winter, and blew a cold blast from his horn. All day the wind had been out. Wildly in the . churchyard it had pulled at the long grass, as if it would tear it from its roots in the graves; it had struck vague sounds, as from a hollow world, out of the great bell overhead in the huge tower; and it had beat loud and fierce againBt the corner-buttresses which went stretching up out of the earth, like arms to hold steady and fast the lighthouse of the dead above tbe sea which held them drowned below; despairingly had the grey clouds drifted over the sky; and, like white clouds pinioned below, and shadows that could not escape, the surplice of. the ministering priest and tbe garments of the mourners had flapped and fluttered as in captive terror; the only atill things were the cofiSn and the church—and the soul which had risen above tbe region of storms in the might of Him who abolished death. At the time Mary had noted nothing of these things; now she saw them all, as for the first time, in minute detail, while' slowly she went up the stair and through the narrowed ways, and heard the same wind that raved alike abont the new grave and the old bouse, into which latter, for all the bales banked against the walls, it found many a obink of entrance. Tbe emell of the linen, of the blue cloth, and of tbe brown paper—things no longer to be bandied by those tender, faithful hands— waa dismal and strange, and haunted her like tbiDgs that intruded, things which she had done with, and which yet would not go away. Every thing had gone dead, as it seemed, had exhaled the soul of ft, and retained bat the odour of its mortality. If for a moment a thing looked the same as before, she wondered vaguely, unconsciously, how it conld be. The passages through tbe merchandise, left only wide enough for one, seemed like those she had read of in Egyptian tombs and pyramids: a Barcophagua ought tQ be waiting in hei chamber, "When she opened tbe door of it, the bright fire which Beenie undesired had kindled there startled her: the room looked unnatural, uncanny, because it was cheerful. She stood for a moment on the hearth, and in sad dreamy mood listened to the howling swoops of the wind, making the house quiver and shake. Now and then would come a greater gust, and rattle the window as if in fierce anger at its exclusion, then go shrieking and wailing through the dark; heaven, mechanically she took her New Testa ment, and seating herself in a low chair by the fire, tried to read; but she could not fix her thoughts, or get the meaning of a sentence: when she had read it, there it lay, looking at her juBt the same, like an unanswered riddle. The region of the senseB is the unbelieving part of tbe human soul; and out of that now began to rise fumes of doubt and question into Mary's heart and brain. Death was a fact. The loss, the evanishment, the ceasing, were incon trovertible—the only incontrovertible things: she was sure of them: could she be sure of any thing else ? How could she ? She had not seen ChriBt rise; she had never looked npon one of the dead; never heard a voice from the other bank; bad received no certain testimony. These were not her thoughts; she was too weary to think; they were but the thoughts that steamed up in her; and went floating about before her, she looked on them calmly, coldly, as they came, and passed, or remained—saw them with indifference—there they were, and she could not help it—weariedly, believing none of them, unable to cope with and dispel them, hardly affected by their presence, save with a sense of dreariness and loneliness and wretched company. At last she fell asleep, and in a moment was dreaming diligently. This was her dream, ss nearly as she could recall it, when she came to herself after waking from it with a cry. She was one of a large company at a house where she had never been before—a beautiful house with a large garden behind. It was summer night, and the guests were wandering in and ont at will, and through house and garden, amid lovely things of all colours and odours. The moon was shining, and the roses were in pale bloom. But she knew nobody, and wandered alone in the garden, oppressed with something she did not understand. Every now ana then she came on a little group, or met a party of 'the guests, Jas she walked, but none spoke to her, or seemed to see' her, and she spoke to none. She found herself at length in an avenue of dark trees, the end of which was far off. Thither she went walking, the only living thing, cross ing strange shadows from the moon. At the end of it, she was in a place of tombs. Terror and a dismay indescribable 6eized her; she turned and fled back to tbe company of her kind. But for a long time she sought the house in vain; she could i ot reach it; the avenue seemed interminable to her feet returning. At laBt she was again upon the lawn, but neither man nor woman was there; and in the house only a light here and there was burning. Every gnest was gone. She entered, and the servants, soft-footed and silent, were busy carrying away the vessels of hospitality, and restoring order, as if already they prepared for another company on tbe morrow. Ho one heeded her. She was ont of place, and much unwelcome. She hastened to tbe door of entrance, for every moment there was a misery. She reached the hall. A strange, shadowy porter opened to her, and she stepped out into a wide street. That too was silent. No carriage rolled along tbe, centre, no footfarer walked on the side. Not a light shone from window or dour, save what they gave back of the yellow light of the moon. She was lost—lost utterly, with an eternal loss. She knew nothing of the place, had nowhere to go, nowhere she wanted to go, had not a thought to tell her what question to ask, if she met a living soul. But living soul there could be none to meet. Sbe had nor home, nor direction, nor desire; she knew of nothing that she had lost, cor of anything she wished to gain; she had nothing left but the sense that she was empty, that she needed some goal, and had none. She sat down upon a stone between the wide street and the wide pavement, and saw the moon shining grey upon the stone houses. It. was all deadness. Presently, from somewhere in the moonlight, appeared, walking up to her, where she sat in eternal listleesness, the one only brother she had ever bad. She had lost him years and years before, and now she saw him; he was there, and she knew him. But not a throb went through her heart. He came to her side, and she gave him no greeting. " Why should I heed him ?" she said to herself. " He is dead. I am only in a dream. This is not he; it is but his pitiful phantom that comes wandering hither— a ghost without a heart, made out of the moonlight. It is nothing. I am nothing. I am lost. Everything is an empty dream ot loss. I know it, and there iB no waking. If there were, surely tbe sight of him would give me some shimmer of delight. The old time waB but a thicker dream, and this is truer because more shadowy." And, the form still standing by ber, she felt it was ages away; she was divided from it by a gulf of very nothingness. Her only life was, that she was lost. Her whole consciousness was merest, all but abBtiact, loss. Then came the form of ber mother, and bent over that of hbr brother from behind. " Another ghost of a ghost! another shadow of phantom!" she said to herself. " She is nothing to me. If I speak to her, she is not there. Shall I pour out my soul into the ear of a mist, a fume from my own brain F Ob, cold creatures, ye are not what ye seem, and I will none of you!" W ith that, came ber father, and stood beside the others, gazing npon her with still, cold eyes, expressing only a pale qniet. She bowed her face on her hands, and would not regard him. Even if he were alive, her heart was past being moved. It was settled into stone. The universe was sank in one of the dreams that hannt the sleep of death; and if these were ghosts at all, they were ghosts walking in tbeir sleep. But the dead, one of them seized one of her bands, and another the other. They raised ber to ber feet, and led ber aloDg, and her brother walked before. Thus was she borne away captive of her dead, neither willing nor unwill ing, of life and death equally careless. Through the moonlight they led her from the city, and over fields, and through valleys, and across rivers and seas—a loDg journey; nor did she grow weary, for there was not life enough in her to be made weary. The dead never spoke to her, and she never spoke to them. Sometimes it seemed as if they spoke to each other, bat if | it were so it concerned some shadowy matter, no more to her than the talk of grasshoppers in tbe field, or of beetles that weave their much in volved dances on the face of the pool. Their voices were even too thin and remote to ronse her to listen. They came at length to a great mountain, and as they were going np the mountain light began to grow, as if tbe son were beginning to rise. But sbe cared as little for the sun that was to light the day as for the moon that had lighted the night, and closed her eyes, that she might cover her soul with her eyelids. Of a sadden a great splendsor burst upon her, and through her eyelids she was struck blind — blind with light and not with darkness, for all was radiance about bsr. She was like a fish in a sea of light. But sbe neither loved the light nor mourned the tludoff. Then were her ears invaded with a confased murmur, as of the mingling of all sweet sounds of the earth—of wind and water, of bird and voice, of string and metal—all afar and indis tinct. Next arose about her a whispering, as of winged insects, talking with human voices; but she listened to nothing, and heard nothing of what was said: it was all a tiresome dream, out of which whether she waked or died it mattered not. Suddenly she was taken between two hands, and lifted, and seated upon knees like a child, and she felt that some one was looking at her. Then came a voice, one she had never heard before, yet with, which she was as familiar as with the sound of the blowing wind And the voice said, "Poor child! something has closed the valve between her heart and mine." With that came a pang of intense pain. But it was her own cry of speechless delight that woke her from her dream. 