l etters to the Editor. \\_It is to be understood that toe do not hold ourselves responsible for, nor identified with, the opinions ' expressed by correspondents under this head. — 2?d.] . LORD MANSFIELD'S GHOST. TO THE EDITOR. Sib, — One of those beatified spirits from tbe celestinl world, which we bear of occasionally from spiritualists, Iins lately been rc.visitiog this lower world of ours, and honoring a learned gcntlemau of Tumut by impartiug information, no doubt by spiritualistic mppings, re specting the law of arrest. The censure conveyed on this subject in your last issue is, however, given in such a mild form, with such kindness and courteRy, and expressed in terms so Battering, thnt it is really more a pleasure than otherwise to receive a rebuke from such gentle bands. We all know that ghost stories are generally unreliable, very shadowy, and unsubstantial. I trust to be able to show that this one bears much the same character. Constables of the police force have tbe special power to arrest and imprison, without war rant, in all cases of treason and felony, in cases of drunkenness, assaults in view, riot, &c.;, also under the Police Acts, Vagrant Act, Arson Act, 0 and 10 Vic. 0 25, S 13 ; Enclosed Lands Act, 18 Vic. No. 27 ; Cruelty to Animals Act, 14 Vic. No. 40, S 5, &c.;, &c.; In all these cases power is given to do so by particular statutes ; but in cases of misdemeanor where do special power is given to arrest without warrant, a constable cannot do so. I quote the following authorities. In Wilkinson's 'Australian Magistrate, page 21, it is written: — 'More suspicion that a particular person has committed a misdemeanor will not justify giving bim into custody without a warrant ; but a constable having reasonable ground to suspeot that a felony has been committed can detain tho party suspected till enquiry be made.' And in page 22:— 'In cases of misdemeanour the warrant must be in the personal possession of the constable at the time of arrest. He cannot arrest without warrant on a charge of misde meanor, unless express power be given by Aot of Par liament to do so.' In a small volume printed by Government is 1877, a oopy of whioh is famished to all police stations, and whioh oontalni the rules for tha guidance of the police force in New South Wales, I find, the following passage in page 46 ' In case of mis demeanor the powers of the constable are not so exten sive (as in felony). He cannot, in such a case where a warrant is necessary, arrest without having such a warrant in his possession at the time of 'arrest.' The difference is alear. A constable can arrest without warrant in cases of felony, bnt in cases of misdemeanor be must have a warrant. Now, howdoeB this apply to the case of Alfred Smith f No oharge of felony what ever was mado against bim. Had there been one made the strictures contained in the ' Ghost's' publishoil letter would have been correct; but the oharge mado was obtaining money under false pretences by means of a valueless cheque, with intent to defraud. This amounts to nothing more than misdemeanor. I suppose tho letter was written under the misapprehension that a charge of forgery was made against Smith, which would have keen a caso of felony ; bnt no Buch 'charge was made. I hope tliis explanation will serve to lay the ' Ghost,' who seems rather in dined to teach his grandmother how to snck eggs. No penon knows better than the writer of this letter what tho worth of Senior-constablo McRlligott is— an intelligent, dis criminating, and . experienced officer. No blame what ever was attempted to be thrown upon biro by the bench, who wero well-pleased at the capture. What was said was merely an expression of opinion as to how eases of the kind should be initiated,— Yours very truly, JD8T1TIA. 