A LOAN FROM THE DEAD. I A good many years ago, the regiment to which I then belonged was quartored at : Aldershott. After a long absence front I England, spent on a parching rock in the middle of the Red Sea, bleak and dreary Aldershott seemed a very paradise. It was delightfully near London too; leave was easily to be obtained; and a great 1 part of my spare time, and more than all my spare money, was spent by men in the a metropolis-spent, I am ashamed to con fess, in riotous living and nmuch disorder. i Still, had it only been that, I should, possibly, like many of my brother-officers,. at the cost of much subsequent pain, .and, weariness, and pinching, havoe passed 1 through mny cycle of dissipation, and settled down at last; but, in addition to 11 my youthful aberrations, I'had a fatal predilection for games of skill and chauce.1b I was tile best whist-player in the regi ment, and could hold my own with the crack players of the clubs'; and. hadl I stuck to whist, which, iii my belief, never ruined any man who had a head upon his shoulders, I could have mide ia decent il- ti come out of my skill ;' but my moderate u wminnings at wihist were swallow'ed iup,and tl much more lost besides, at unlimited loo, i" blind hookey, hazard, and other kindred games. ' To crown all, 'Itook.'to' backing t( horses; and lost at' that, 1' need hardly o say. 'A long run of evil luck beset me;ns I had ' lost all my available funds, lhad mortgaged my 'commission to the' utmost d penny I could raise upon it,' and'found myself, 'at 'the end' of the Epsom' week, b fevered" and parched in body, in. soul r wretched and despairing. I had come to d the end of my tether; I :?as tegulaily done up; life had nothing but evil in store for me. ' On the following 'veekl, I' should be posted as- a- defaulter on 'the d turf ; I should leave the ariny in disgrace:' and such tidings would kill my old widowed mother. It was Sunday night;l I'had boen in London, trying to raise money, but use- . lessly ; the Jews closed their' fists to me. I only wanted a hundred' pounds: to .pay e my Derby losses ; this achieved, I cbuld sell out, and retire without open disgrace; it but I couldn't raise it.- One man offered tr me'.fifty'potinds for my bill of two lhun- n dred and fifty pouiids i;t three months,but i, 1 wasn't quite so mad a's to take that ; I , might as 'well smtash for a .huindred as fifty. " My last sovereign; was changed in pay- et ing myhotelo't bill'oi that Sunday night.; I tl had a return; ticket to Aldershott in my tl pocket, ain' a feiv shillings , besides ;t nothing , else in .the world in tle way of tr available assets. I think if I had been possessed of'a five pound note, I should gi have gone down'to, Liverpool, and taken a ii steerage passage tod Amberica. It.was the limited extent of niy imeans whilch iae. d. me resolve to go back to iny quarters at n Alde'rshott, and appear on parade the next h: day. ? -. ThIe clock in lthe coffee-room where I cc was sitting shlowed half-past eleviou as the hI hour'of'the night ; -the waitei only was in the rooin, arranging his spooins and nap- in kins in the buffet, yawningisurreptitiously everyrnow and then,.quite indifrerent to a the irobleiis wihichli were ag tting me . Waterloo Bridge b r Aldersliott? I nust at make up my mind quickly :. another .five minutes, and it would be too:late for. the tl one; the.iother.was always 'open. " Waiter;;a. Hatisoin !'" I shouted ill of O a sudden in a tone which made the man t jump. o' At that time, there was a traini which di left-not Waterloo, but some station a cc little distance down the line ;'it. might have been Vauxhliall, or possibly Nine i, Elms, j. scarcely remember • which'-left the station at midnight. It was popularly in knowvn amongst .us as the' Cold-riieat. o Train., litspassengers were dead bodies' S for the Woking Cemetery. The railway hi company, ever solicitous to. accomniodate as the public and turn 'an honest p'enny, o had,' for the co'nveniohnce of the camp, t affixed to this train one first-class carriage. of After leaving the dead bodies at Woking, the carriage was rull on to Farnborough,i A whence you could- walk to the camp, if , you had not been prudent; enough io , order a fly to meet you. ; The hotel :seriant- who6 ushireed' me.to F the cab got a handsome gratuity for his w pains. It was my leave-taking of the g world of'pleasure,, ard.I.was too insolvent tl to be careful about little matters. The d cab sped:me quickly, to the station ; but the clock at the hotel had been slow ;:as a we passed under the railway arch, a n premonitory shriek from the engine over- h head warned me that the traiti was on the point of starting. I stopped' 'the cab at 1 the bridge, and ran quickly up a narrow n flight of steps which led directly on to the' li end of the platform-known only to the a initiated ; the train was moving on, but C I haid just time, despite warning' shouts v of guard and porters, to open the door of 11 the last carriage and jump in. Tlii other compartments of tie carriage I noiced c were lighted, but this one was dark ; that t didn't affect me, I didn't waint to read. I took out a bx.'of wax .matches, and proceedel to light a cigar. As the glw c of the match lit np thi einterior of. the r carriage, Isaw in the corner a long dark I object, quite black, anud yet with some little metallic gleam about it ::it was a coffin, reared up at the farther side of the , carriage, a board being placed behind" it ' against which. it, leaned. As I -loolkud! steadfastly at the collin, it appeared sud. l donly to .glow .witlh is faint radiance; Every nail and overy pllate upon it be gan to gleam: with :-'strange mysterious I light. 13ah !.it.wuas tlhe:moon .We :had just left the clouds of(Londbnu behinid us; and the great round nloon,: risimng but lof river-mists, cast her glorious be'mi right athwart us. 3But I turned .away from her in disgust. What:was the ii'boalty of the night to me--a rjinied 'spendthriftP--die scorn and laughiug- stock of the. world ! The black collin on the other side was a more congenial comnpanion to me. I lit another match, and read tlhe inscription on the plate: 'm William Heathcote, died 25th May, 18-, aged 25 years.' The hair on my head rose in a mass; my heart ceased to boat. My own name, my own age, and the very date of the day that was niow just bori I It chimed in too, did this inscription, so mysteriously withll tlhat impulse I had felt the whole day-a turning to self-des truction, as a means of escape from all the degradations of life. I woull accept the omen. I carried with me, a practice I had acquired in the East, a small American revolver, which titted into icy waistcoat pocket. It would kill at twenty paces, and would give me my miittimus easily enough. I drew it oat, aud placed it against my forehead ; then Pit struck me that the ball, after pas riug through my head, might p:ss a.s, through thles partition dlivirding the compartment, and strike somue one ill the next carriage. 1 turned, therefore, my back to thle window, and again placed the muzzle of the pistol to miy forehead. Again I withdrew it. There was no hurry. The train did not stop till it reached Woking. I could not possibly be disturbed. I wanted a signal: the I whistle of the engine, as the driver d siglited the red lamps of- Woking, should a be.:te signal for my. departure from the u world. "Yes," I said aloud, turning upon myself, as it were, in -a sort of 'frenzy- A ;"yes ! tho moment the whistle sounds,. o W.illiain Heathcote, you shall die." I have said that the rising moon was q shining brightly into the carriage', full i upon the coffin, and uaipon its mysterious h iniseription. I don't think 1 really at believed thiat this coffin had any tangible s existence. Tt might be but the product t ofmny'own fevered brain, but none' the 11 less, on that account, was it a veritable Ii i;irning of my doom.. Looking up, tl however, to see if it had indeed dis- P aippeared, I saw no longer the coffin-lid, but a white shrouded figure, 'a pallid, E Corpse-like face, the eyes of whicli, in the P moonbeams, shone upon me with a sepul- I chral gleam. I For the moment, I.thought that.I had indeed passed into the land of shadoirs i t that I was a disembodied spirit, looking c0 upon ricy own mhortal renmains; and the b ,thought , that I had ceased to be . an P individuality, and had become the mere at shadow of a thought, 'struck such a chill it terror and horror to my soul, that every it other imnpulse of it was lost in. au eager. olffrt to resume.my individual existence. I came .to myself with. a deep gasp; digging my finger nails into. my. palms. Ah, the joy of that monment, -after the torture of the struggle back to life ! Life raggedl, miserable, it right be, but still w dear life, how precious it seemed ;' how bi nufatholmably deep, below the, utmost ft wretchedness of being, was the dread ci abyss of non- existence ! Shadows ! I cc defied them... "i Come forth, oldinole !" I shlouted, to ti my double in the confin.. He came forth. As I live, he stepped out of the coffin, ti seated himasolf.opposite to moe, and laid a or finger oni thy arifl--laid a finger on my T arm, and leaned forward to speak into my ii ear. . "'tnoercy, nisercy !" shrieked the figure Ii! in a voice that pierced the roar of the at train then thundering; over ,,a bridge. g "See !" cried thme figilre. slipping a paper cl into my hands ; "keep it, keep it ; only wv dol't betray Ine." .i. \VWhew-w went the whistle of the engine, hi shriektig, as it seesied, close into my 5v ears. I turned my head for a moment;: A the moon had jtst- passed into a cloud. ; the figure had vanished'; the colffin still m stood in the corner, dark and grim. The or train slackened, stopped. TI SJeem," said "a vbieo.-tlhat of the it giarl's, " there's a biily in that middle fua lirst-class coach: there's somee parties si coniing to meet it cit l-inl 'ear se." dl :' All right, Jack," said anotoer voice ; b "they've come to fetch lilan. Bear a b3 hand here, will you 1-0 Lord !" shouted Ji the man, as he saw nme sitting in the corier. " Oh, I beg your pardon, sir. I sa hope you aren't been annoyed, sir 1 .Jack, a what did you mean by putting the gent T into this compartment '" at "I; didn't," growled Jack ; " hemust pt a got in by lhisself." at "'All right," I said, getting out and bd stretching myself on the plaitform .. " I'll pt get into the. ne?t carriage. No bodies to there, are there " " " D'ye call :me ' nobody 7" said Pdt m' Reilly, looking out of the window. gi Ju tlup in, Billy, me bhoy ! I've cleared at out the rest of the. company; ye'll intro- ft duce a littloe fresh capital into the con- se cern.": si i What a contrast to the scene I had ol quitted was the cheerful lighted carriage, tl with its oc-cupants, all brother-oflicers of cc mino, smoking, challing, and playing loo is on a rug stretched over their kneo s ! tl Surely the whole of the previous scene fi had been a dreamn, or could it have been tc an incipient attack of D. T. ? not brought hi on.by drink,,indeood, for I was not given is to that, but by irregular habits and stress re of mind. . It wasn't till I retiched my own hut at sc Aldershott,- that I thought of the paper u which the :ghost had given ime, and d which in my delirium I had imagined I c; had thrust into my waistcoat pocket.; a Here was:a test, at all events :if there i was a real' paper, bearing signs of its ' ghostly origin, then I was still sane, and d the appalrition I had witnessed was not a ti dolusion of the braii. n In the corner of my waistcoat pocket o wats a crumpled piece 'of' flimsy paper ; I t unfolded it, and-found it a Bank of Eng- h land note for a hundred pounds, t] From that hour, 1 was an altered manr t 1 paid tmy gambling debts ; confessed all it my embarrassments to toy friends, who lifted me out of the mire; never touched. t a card or a die; studied for the Staff t College; passed a good examination i went to Sandhurst, came out with high a honoirs, and having a little influence at I hcad-quairters, got an appointmeut as comnissi,otner, to watch the operations of i the American War of Secession, on l Geoneral---'s itatl. 'It'was at the.close of a bloody but' do cisive battle, 'or series of battles, which res?tillod in tshIe retreiit of the army of the Soutll, I[visittd the field hospitals at the rear of thei Fe1deral aimy, in search of at friand who had been wounided during.the I lday.. Ilhe doctors and attendants were all too busy to pay aniy attention to: tny aatits; and I walked down the lobng rows ( ijf hastily improvised couchesi trying t6 recognise mys frietd.: Scraps of paper, 'on which the names of the patteits had been hastily scrawled, were panned, to tie coveringsi :aid I dtarted as I reai on one, ' William Heath cot'--my own name. ' The masil appeared to he sinking from: exhaustion, but he brightened up when he heard the tones of a friendly: voice. I kitelt down beside Ihim, and asked if I could:do' anythiing for him. "Heit noddled his head. "Yon're Elnglish !' hlie whispered. S" Yes, I anr.' . . . " So-am I.- If you should lie' in'thes .nighbourhood of Bedford, and shiould be able to hear of an old:man of tle' namne of Heathcote, a retired draper,'. will you tell him his son died in a creditable way ? I was a disgrace td him,: sir, vwhet I was alive ; bitt when .Iam dead; perihars he'll think lkindly., of nme again. I'll tell you my story,sic. I was a rogue-I wais, sir. i I was ai undertaker, buit I was a collector I of taxes too; atnd I entered into a con Sspiracy to defraud the government. It I camne out; but I had warning in time. SI shammed dead, hand got away in one V of my own coffins with all the s swag. They wasn't very keon after tme 1 doin't know why; bit just at the last t miomeit I thought they'd have me. A Sdetective folluwed me right to Woking ; a but I squared him with a hundred pound e note, "rad got clear away to America by c the Southampton packet. It never pros y perednm th al tmoney and I got lower . and lower, till Ilisted as a soldier; atnd I. lire 1 am ! I'mn gettig, tired, sir. Danti. a forget Bedford - lieathcote, retired it draper." I passed on in wondor and astonish mont; and, if I must confess, a litlo disap?pointed anuddiseuchanted. I was no speoial care, then, of an over-ruling Provi iu0iee, as I had fondly deemed myself. My wonderful warning and deliverance was a mere affair of chance and accident. As I passed the man's couch again, he lay on it stiff and stark and dead. .On my return to England, I made on quiry of the officials of the ~revenue do ipartment, and found- that there really had been a fraud of the kind in question, that the collector implicated in it had'died suddenly-by suicide, it was thought. As to the defalcations, the defaulter's sureties' had paid a part-one of them, his father, having beeoon sold up in consequenco--and the rest had been paid over agaiu'by the parishioners he had defrauded. So I found out the old main-a Bedford. o'e-iwaislivifingF itl a daughter, inc: abject poverty, and I repaid to him the hundred pounds with cotipouund iiterest. .To him I seemned a celestiiil visitant. The Cold-meat Train is now a thing of the past, I believe. A luggage train carries belated " officers back to camp; but, to this day, 1 confess that I always prefer to pass Wolking in broad daylight,. and?that I carefully look inside 'the car :iage before I enter it, for I desire no more Loans from the Dead. 