turf gossip. By Auqob. To-day, should the weather prove fine, there will be an afternoon's sport at Caul* field which will be well worth a pilgrimage to witness. Special trains will leave Flinders street at abort intervals, so tnat tnere win oe no difficulty in reaching the course. There are six evente to be decided to-day, the firer. beiDg the Handicap Hurdle Race, for which I fancy SPOBTOMan, Habu, and Zahga. Next cornea the Nursery Handicap, which will in all probability attract a pretty strong field. If Fryingpan were to start, he would win, but the owner may prefer to stand Tangle, whioalspmay behardto beat; but if SibOuvbk starts, ce ought to win, and next to him may ooihe Saionara, Tavolk, and Roxdbbkb Fojr the Oup 17 have made the final payment. A great deal of dissatisfaction has been " ex pressed at the absenceBathnrstand Tramp ,x<mnl It is said thlt the letter's owner Mid not accept through hn'oversight, and the same excuse is urged on behalf of Riverton, who was regarded as a certain starter Tt seems to me to be a very open race hnt i! Pbiiibose has shown such good form thl? week I mtend to plump for her, and next to ber I like Sabdonts, CakabV. Wabtee Avekkl, Gipst Coopee, and S cdet. Josephine, too, will take a Hnoi of beating if she will ran up to fij tone form, and so will Woodlands. Tiff Findon Harriers Cup will, iffiS?be w™ by fc xfhon or Yendo»' For the Steenil chaBe there is likely to be an interesting con" test, but I don't see any reason to alter ^ selections of last week—Fibst Love and Actbess. The Windsor Handicap £ a Jr»r ticklish thing to touch, but thehalfdoren that appear to me to have the best of the weights areSurrey, Hilarious, Soothsayer The Cockney, Harp of Erin, and The Ghost and I think bdebet or Soothsateb will win. j Mr. E. Jellett s horses were submitted to auction on Wednesday, but as there wm inM® °mdv n DKii y were "tamed un Kinr, r ir'r n .a.two J®ar old colt by King Cole from Proposition to Mr. Brewer for 39 guineas, and a horse named Stockwell was sold for six guineas. eu waB Chantilly hurt himself in his box a few nights ago, and consequently had to h» scratched for the V.A.T.C. Foal Stakes Mr. James H. Parr, of Adelaide, announces I m the advertising columns of The Austral astan that on Wednesday next he will dispose worfV,® 'SP0?4*? *fj®*on8bbred eire Sterlmg. Z®rthv, 10 ^ tbe celebrated sire Sterling from ChUliauwallah, by NewminBter from ' Lady Gough, by Launcelot. As a yearling he was purchased by Mr. R Jardine for 1600 K*' andnhe Ton raC00 at home 'S breeding ib first-class, and studmaeters in « J!? a Bire ahould not 1000 0«Bht of thiB opportunity to secure one. inSS*m2? mUT8t lot f£«et f bat the entries for the Bendigo Jockey Club Spring Meeting close at the office of the V.RC, Melboum? 1 St4R;,n-» ttnd with the B.J.C, secretary, at | Sandhnret, at 8 p.m. on Thursday next, the ^ ijnst. There are several events that should attract attention even from our I visitors, as the programme includes a Handi cRp Hurdle Race of 90 so vs., Epsom Handi s»Piinl^B0VBV ®andhurs' C«P of 200 BOVB., vAJS ^S° °l70 8mVB" T?leg»ph Stakes of ' Hand^P Trot of 50 bo vs., Selling Handicap Hurdle Race of 75 sovs., Flyinf Handicap of 70 sovs., Bendigo Handicap of 150 sovs.,; Handicap Steeplechase of 100 a0*0-' and Selling Race of 40 sovs. The gates, booths, sites for selling refresh ments, Ac., at the V.RC. Spring Melting will be disposed of at Kirk's Bazaar at noon on Monday next At a meeting of bookmakers and backers at Bowes s Australian Hotel on Tuesday (Dr Bathe in the chair), it was decided that the settling on the V.RC. Derby and Melbourne Cup should take place at the Victoria Sub scription-rooms, but that the settling on all other events should take place between 11 a.m. mid 3 p.m. at Bowes's Australian Hotel. An is decision was arrived at in order to pre vent nnseemly congregations in the principal thoroughfares of the city. . 1 °1®0t n<>t forget to mention that the A.J.C. Summer Cup and the Ely Handicap close at 4 p.m. on Thursday next, the 20th October. To snit the convenience of Vic torian, ub well as New South Wales, owners entries will be received at the office of the V.R.C., Bourke-Btreet. Entries for the KenBington-park October Meeting close at Mr. Cox's office, Kirk's Bazaar, at 5 p.m, on Monday next, the 17th mat. Nominators for the Park Handicap and Kensington Cup will bear in mind that the final payments have to be made at the same time and place. Our American cousins are once more to the fore. Mr. J. R. Keene'a colt Foxhall proved that he was a colt of surpassing excellence by winning the Grand Prix de Paris, and now he has added fresh laurels to his crown by carrying off the Cesarewitch, the great long distance handicap of England. As he mast nave had a pretty heavy weight this per formance further enhances his reputation as a horse of wonderful stamina. Chippendale was second, and Fiddler, who was third, is a 0°n of the great American horse Preakness. .The entries for the Adelaide St. Leger of 1882 arenot so numerous as they were last year, 17 having been nominated; but though the quantity is small the quality is good, as it includes Somnus, Royal Maid, Darebin, Topaz, The Israelite, and Spectre. Gorio lanns and Tourmaline have also been nomi nate!. For the Nursery Stakes there are 39 entries,, including Transferred, Essex, Cete wayo, Jack in the Green, and Golden Butter fly from Victoria, and Mistake and Kit Nubbles from New South Wales. . F"" th® Observer I am glad to learn that Mr. W. Filgate, jun., trained no less than four of the winners at the late Adelaide Hunt Club meeting. Mr. W- E. Dakin arrived from Adelaide on Wednesday morning, and was accom panied by a strong string of Sir T. Elder's horse0, including Gang Forward, Lulu, Bas samo, St. Stephen, and Guesswork. After being landed they were taken to their quar ters at the Laurel Hotel, Flemington. lam glad to say that I was in error in stating that most of Mr. Dakin's youngsters were amiss. 1 received the information from Adelaide, but it appears that the only one that was wrong was Enroclydon, who broke away with his boy and injured one of his feet through treading upon an upturned harrow. Bas Banio, Lulu, and Guesswork are engaged in the Maribymong Plate." i>The thoroughbred mares purchased in England by Mr. -A Ynille. on behalf of Mr. Stabley arrived in the steamship Afghan 1 -Tuesday morning, and, as is very in Melbourne, they were kept a.wh°i® d®y in consequence of the non-attendance of the inspector to pass them. Men were sent down early to'get them on Bhore, but no inspector came,, and those who waited at Kirk's Bazaar nil the afternoon in hopes ot seeing them had to so away disappointed. In selecting these mares av h il ?' Mf- Yoille went in for fashionably-bred dames. Echo II., by Thunderbolt (eon of Stockwell) from Far away, by Young Melbourne from Maid of Masham (granddam of Peter and neat granddam of Peregrine), reads like a winning pedigree. She was a winner inEnglandTtoo. tkl a threceAear old j!1® successful in o Scum Stakes at Doncaster, a Selling Race at Newmarket, after which she was sold & "aW C»Ptoin( MachelL for 600 gnueas; the Flying Plate at Sandown V®^d All-aged Trial^Stakes at Newmarket meeting, after which shei was sold to Lord Dupplin iot 800 guineas. As a four year old she won a sweep Btakm at Newmarket, a handicap at Brighton, carrying 9st, 101b • the MUton Stoke* at Dom caster, the Wmdddj Plate at Croydon, and the Sussex Welter Handicap at BriAtoo antnmn meeting. It is. quite evident then i that she could gallop a bit, and with sogrand b pedigree she tunat pro?e a valuable ad dition to the studs of Australia. Ban vie, by ®nchess, by St Albans froro Bay Celia, is another beantifully-bred "»!*• ilj.aIao.Ahft dasKof.Marik milian, for whom 4,100 guineas were paid, and who won the Liverpool Cup, and her granddam, Bay Celia, is alao the dam of the two great hones The Doke and The EarL Another mare, whoae pedigree ContaiaB a deal of the bluest of bine blood, is Penitent, by Rosicrucian from Lncy Hilda, by Stockwell from Lady Hilda, by Newminster. These mares, before they left England, visited ChivalrouB, by Adventurer from Auld Ac quaintance, by Birdcatcher. After the mares were landed, they were taken to boxes pre pared for them at Kirk'B Bazaar, where they were interviewed, but as they required rest, Mr. Yuille soon had to give orders to let them have it. I saw them, and thought Bauvie a very fine mare. She iB a dark brown, with four white feet, and showB plenty of power all through. During a storm she received a great knocking about, and the effects were visible. Echo II. is a stylish chesnut mare, big enough for anything; and though Penitent is small she is a nice lengthy mare. Mr. Ee Mestre has named the colt by Robinson Crusoe from Cocoanut, " Navi gator the colt by Robinson Crusoe from Lady, " Sylvanus and the filly by Angler from La Mousse, "Solitude." Nominators for the WaggaCupand Grand Stand Handicap are reminded that accept ances are due on Wednesday next, the 19th inst. Mr. Hawkes, the secretary of the Murrum bidgee Turf Club, writeB to say that although his committee did not disqualify Mr. Mayo at their late meeting, his case is still in abey ance. From Neotsfield I learn that Mr. Dangar has a splendid foal by Goldsbrough from tbe imported mare Algeria, and that Somerset's dam Keepsake, who iB in foal to Grand master, will visit Maribyrnong thiB Beason. Owners of horses are reminded that the entrieB for Sydney Tattersall's Cup close at 4 p.m. on Thursday next, the 20th inst As the club giveB 500 sovs. to this race there should be a large entry, and I hope those New South Welshmen who are at present in Victoria will not forget this timely notice. Among the visitors that arrived from New South Wales during the week were Captain OBborne, Hon. A. Loftus, Mr. F. Wentworth, Mr. W. Long, Mr. W. Forrester, and Mr. W. Gannon, ana from Adelaide, Mr. W. B. Roun sevell. Mr, Weir's American importations were ex hibited at Randwick last Saturday afternoon, and, according to the Sydney Herald, the ex hibition was very successful. The same authority states that they were remarkably docile in temper, and each animal com manded great attention. The first to figure in a sulky was Mountain Maid, a symmetrical and powerful-looking mare. She showed ex cellent trotting style, but was too full of flesh to do herself justice, and Boon left the track. Crazy Jane, a well-proportioned but some what Bmall mare, came next, and Bhe was accompanied by Beatrice W., a handsome mare. Strideaway and Walter Scott also showed their style, and the former is de scribed aB the best looking horse of the lot. Unfortunately the axle of Walter Scott's sulky broke, the horse bolted, threw the driver out, and smashed the vehicle to pieces. A spectator pluckily stopped the horse, who, upon examination, was tound to have escaped with a few scratches. The principal horse of the team, Vermont Junior, was the next to appear, and he no Booner stepped out on the track and bowled off at a majestic pace than a shout of admiration arose from the spectators. After two or three bursts of Bpeed up the straight he jogged round to the half-mile post, and then came along at a fine swinging gait. Although big and in no con dition to trot at his best, his time for the half mile waB lm. 24s. This horse was greatly admired, and during the afternoon he was sold to Mr. W. Harris, of Sydney, for 1,200 guineas, after which he trotted the half-mile in lm. 26£s. He is described as a very fine horse, and Primero, who was also speeded, is said to be a grand-looking chesnut stallion. At a meeting of the committee of the Hay Jockey Club on the 5th inst., it was stated that the funds were in an improving and satisfactory condition, and among other mat ters discussed was the desirability of holding the annual race meeting in July instead of March or April, as hitherto. 1 believe it is quite likely that this suggestion will be adopted, and a hope has been expressed that some arrangement may be arrived at whereby the Wagga, Deniliquin, and Echuca annual autumn meetings may follow one another at convenient dates. Mr. H. E. Best tendered his resignation as hon. secretary, as he was about to leave the district. A cordial vote of thanks was accorded him, and general regret expressed at his resignation. At a meeting of the committee of the Bairnsdale Racing Club held last week, it was decided that the annual race meeting Bbould take place on the 26th and 27th De cember. A programme, with added money to the amount of £205, was agreed to. Debater has been thrown out of work, and has gone to Bundoora-park. Mr. Dakin found that he was growing very fast, and de termined not to persevere with him. Mr. M. Fennelly arrived from Sydney on Monday, and brought with him Martindale, Bathurst, Monmouth, Morpeth, Paragraph, and Segenhoe. All were landed from the train without a scratch, and were at once taken to their quarters at Mr. F. Mortison's. AU the horses were looking well, and both Bathurst and Monmouth were fuller of muscle than when they ran at Randwick. The Ballarat Turf Club meeting will be held on Monday, and Wednesday, the 26th and 28th of December. The full programme will be published shortly. A " mixed" meeting was held at Boccaccio park on Saturday last It was a " very much mixed" affair, and as the turf cannot be elevated by Buch exhibitions, I hope Mr. Roberts will, in future, confine his attention to the sport over which he becomes so en thusiastic, trotting. The weather was quite summerlike in its character, and as Brighton is a very pretty spot, there was a fair sprin kling of visitors from town, card-sharpers, welsners, Ac., being very conspicuous; and the unblushing manner in which these gentry ! conducted their little games did not reflect credit upon the police authorities. The j sport—Heaven save the mark!—was below I mediocrity^ and after the fonrth event I i Btrolled quietly across the course towards the railway station, stopping to gather cran berries by the way, ana as I stooped to pro cure these luscious little globules, the com petitors in the Selling Hack Race approached me. Suddenly I heard somebody yell out "Pull off," and rising from the ground I observed that Flinders was leading, and the rider of Alice repeated the injunction to the boy on the leader. " Never mind him, go on, boy," shouted the cranberry-gatherer, and on he went, for, setting vigorously to work, he kept his horse going, and he made the pace so' merry that Alice was dead settled before they had gone another quarter of a mile. I need not eay tnat the boy won. The winner was a eabborse, and his owner was so sweet upbn dear Alice, whom he believed could not low, that he laid £20 to £8 on her, and, as he'had to pay an extra £12 to get hia horse ba6k, again,.poocyabbyjoatytesriy £30,Jby<the«i transaction. Yet he took it in good par and altogether I think that the Jehu is a better sportsman than many who profess to take high rank in tnrf circles. The galloway race ended in a "fizzle." Johnny Smoker, who was pronounced over height only a shdrt time ago, was thrown into it, and as he was declared under height, the owners of the others declined to meet him, so Johnny cantered over, and thuB ended the Boccaccio* park " mixed" meeting. V Nemo," of the Sydney Mail, and Caspian," of the Town and Country, ar rived from New South Wales early in the week, in order to be present at the V.A.T.C. and V.R.C. meetings. D. Sullivan, having Bold his stables and given up training, has determined to devote his time to riding again. Sullivan is a good horseman, and as he can scale 7st. 71b. if due notice be given, he should have some work to do at the forthcoming V.R.C. spring meeting. It will he remembered that some time ago H. Grubb, the jockey, was very seriously in jnred while riding in a hurdle race at Ken* sington-park. After remaining in the hospital several weeks he partially recovered, and was discharged, but as hiB spine was injured he is not able to do any work, and probably it will be some time before he can. As he is penni less, I think this iB a deserving case for the V.R.C., whose Jockey Fund might be en croached upon in order to enable Grubb to pay hjs board and lodging for a few weeks ; and as Grubb was always a well-conducted lad, 1 hope this appeal will not be made in vain. The New South Wales trainers who came overland last week complain that they were not very well treated by the Victorian railway authorities, and that the arrangements on this Bide of the border were not nearly so per fect as on the other side of the Murray. I can corroborate the latter assertion, for during the past five or six years the manage ment of the New South Wales railways has improved far more than ours, and one re ceives much more attention and politeness from the employes. Mr. Weir, the importer of the American trotting horses, arrived from Sydney on Wed nesday, and he informs me that he intends to bring over several of hiB horses, so that we shall have an opportunity of seeing what sort of stuff they are made of. Mr. W. T. Cox, the owner of Norma, informs me that the mare has been thrown oat of work, and will be pat to Knight Errant. The great sensation of the week has been the demonstration in favour of Santa Clans, about whom fabaloas reports have been cir culated, some of them being so highly coloured that to corroborate them Santa Clans would have to be about 71b. better than that equine wonder Grand Flaneur. The facts of the case are that the colt did an extraordinarily good trial during the latter portion of last week, when he galloped a mile and a quarter. He had, it is Baid, 8at. 51b. up, and had Napper Tandy for a com panion during the first six furlongs, and Sir Joseph came home the last half mile with him. He quite held his own with both, and ran the distance on the sand in a shade over 2m. 13s., remarkably good time over such a course, . which, however, had been rendered excellent going by the continued dry weather. The performance was good enough to induce his friends to plunge on to him for the C&ulfield; Guineas and Cup, as well as the V.R.C. Derby and Melbourne Cnp. Santa Claus was soon in everybody's mouth, and Where does he come from ? Where is he training ? were the interrogatives put a thousand times during Monday morning. Santa Claus is a fine up standing bay colt, and an exceedingly well bred one, as he is by the imported horse Glorious from Catherine Seyton, by Stock ham from Mary AveneL His sire, Glorious, is a grand horse to look at, and boasts the possession of a right royal pedigree, he being by Victorious from Letty West, by West Aus tralian from Bay Letty by Priam, and as Victorious is a son of Newminster, Glorious's pedigree is a most aristocratic one. Catherine Seyton is full sister to that excellent mare, Maid of Avenel, and, therefore, Santa Claus can lay claim to a most fashionable pedigree. The members of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club have no cause to regret the establish ment of a spring meeting, for though Jupiter Pluvius nearly spoiled sport, and prevented a large number or ladieB from attending the pretty little Caulfield course, the first day was a grand success from a racing point of view. Mr. A. F. Sullivan, who was mainly instru mental in having the Guineas and Foal Stakes introduced, had good reason to be proud of the result. One seldom sees a finer lot of two year olds than the 18 that came to the post for the Foal Stakes, the winner of which is one of the truest-shaped colts that ever faced a starter's flag. He was a bit skittish at the start, and he and Saionara caused some trouble. Satanella, who, like Fryingpan, belongs to the Bethnal Green family, ran a good little mare, and Creme de Bouzy held a forward position ; so did Syl vanuB, who must have made up a lot of ground in the last furlong, as he was one of the last in the bend. Iphigenia was never dangerous, and though Saionara was once in front he didn't perform up to the expectations of his admirers; yet he may see a better day. The contest for the Guineas was about the best of the afternoon, and had not Royal Maid been disappointed at the turn I think she must have won. The Santa Claus babble burst, for he was never once dangerous. It may be that he will be better served by a greater scope of ground. Dhurringile proved what a good horse he is over two miles by winning the Hurdle Race easily. Handy Andy aid not rtm forward, but, no doubt, when he has three miles to go he will give a better account of himself. It was a very pretty Bight to see three and twenty horses go to the post for the Toorak Handicap, and the contest was a very interesting one. Josephine bore out the good opinion J have, often expressed of her, end won cleverty. There has been some good work afr Flemington lately. On Wednesday morning 1 saw Carmen run round the outer track in 2m. 80s., which is the heat of the season, though on Saturday Josephine and Respite did the distance in 2m. 32s., and Darebin, with over 8st up, in 2m. 84s. Riverton on Thursday morning, when the ground was heavy,accomplished it in 2m. 33s.—a splendid performance. The entries for the V.R.C. Spring wmttu. are very satisfactory. In theCopoS horses remain, but this number includes Mr. Maro's three, which will not be allowed to atart. Everybody will ngcet to see that Pro! grease name does not appear hi anything. His owner informs me that one of hklan order*o saws him ior another titWilU<5.hM rompdladto ease tutu up. In the welghtrfoMn now th* names of most of the cradks appear, and aa all of the handicaps arewS ' - may reasonably anticipate sport. * At the Wollongong (N.8.'l guard won the Hotdla Ra and others. Then were WoUongong Handicap, v tQueenaberry, a daughter iwbo carried fist fib.; Dd was aaooad, and Julian, fiat I am informed by Mr, American sportsmen are so elated with their pncrecHsx in England that they intend to turn their attention to Australia, and ^send something to " capture" the Melbourne Cup or Champion Stakes. We can promise our cousins a fair held and a hearty greeting if they are successful. A revised edition of the Racing Guide iSjto hand, and as the price is only a shilling, it ehould be purchased by all who take an inte i est in forthcoming events. ' Scbatchings. — V.A.T.C. Hurdle Raoe| King of Trumps, Cumberland, Handy Andy, Acrobat. Windsor Handicap—Venture, Mil brodale, Sunbeam, Hilarious, Albyn, Verdure, Tonrmaliue. Nursery Handicap—Fryingpan, Gamin, Mistaken, I'Ansou. 