Taller & ®&©fce&es; A TERRIBLE VISITOR, It was in compliance with the mandate of my medical man that I found myself late one .autumn, about a dozen years ago, at the little town of Quimper in Brittany, surrounded by the usual impedi ments of a married man oh his travels. Not, indeed, that I intended my journey to extend much further at that time, for I had taken a fancy to the quaint old ?world Breton country, and so long as I escapea me Keen easterly winas 01 our English winter, I had free choice left me to pitch my tent for the next few months at whatever spot I might think best! and it seemed, both, to myaulf and to those who were with me, that we might'go further and fare worse. About eighteen milss from Quimper there stands, or stood at. the .time of which 1- speak, for of its after-fate 1* have no knowledge, an old-fashioned house of considerable size, with high- pitched roofs, twisted chimney?,' and dormer windows, known, appropriately enough, as Maison Gris. Maison Gris was two hundred years old, and had never belonged but to one family. Of this family, which pertained' to the class of what we in England should ? '-call gentlemen-farmers, the lastsoion pre ,f erred the gay salons of Paris to the quiet home of his ancestors, and had -long been desirous of finding a tenant for the old , house, and increasing' thereby his some what limited income. The rent demanded was moderate in amount, and as we could find no other place that promised to suit . us equally well, a bargain was quickly k struck ; and three, days later, ourselves and baggage . were comfortably installed in our new home.- The house, to be sure, was far too large for the requirements of -our small family, which consisted only of myself and wife, and our little girl, Mim, eight years old ; my wife's sister, and two stout Breton lasses to wait upon us : but we put such of the rooms, as we did not require under lock and key, and feminine tastes soon gave the others a -comfortable homelike appearance. I had chosen one of the best apart ments in the house for my painting-room. .It had. been the dining-saloon once on a time, and had a large mullioned window .fronting on the north, consisting of small ?diamond-shaped paneB set in lead, with thin iron bars running across at intervals, -and having the family lozenge let in, high ?up, in .painted glass. After the fashion ? -of the period from which this window -dated,' a small casement opened out of its middle compartment ; but the hasp of this casement being defective,. Mien had found out a ready way of opening it from ?the, outside by means of a bit of crooked , wire ; and sometimes, when I was busy .with my brush and pallet,' the minx ' w.ould cease from trundling her hoop in ./the garden, . and wait with her nose ..pressed against the ,,, window' , for the encouragement of a nod or a half-smile ; taking which as permission, she would, manipulate -fop a few ; momenta with her bit of crooked wire, which she kept on the sill outside ready -for' 'such emergenj -ciea, till the'/hasp; yielded, and the case ... ment ? opened, -, when she -would- .creep , -demurely; through', andlsteaL on tiptoe'to my side, /. ? .Two.! doors, opened into this room ;. one from' a corridor which ran ' ,thf oiigh' the^lowerj part of the house, the other from'a corner of the verandah' which led by a' 'ft'ea'cen't of two or three steps 'into the garden. ; Why I am .thus par- , ticular.in my description of this room will appear by'and by. -:': ': * ' My great picture, as I 'have- called;1 it; '-and which il had fully determined in my own mind should be an advance on all my previous; efforts, , was a scene from \+ The Lady of Shalott, where the boat, . which the poor lady has found under the willows, is floated by the tide, with its '-silent' burden, into' 'many-towered' / Camelot ; and ' ' knight and burgher, lord ?and dame' crowd on to the wharfs, marvelling who this may be. But besides 'this, I had another picture on hand, to ?which I could turn for relief when the necessity for change' came upon me. This -second picture was a commission of my friend Sir Richard Thornfield, at whose house in the Peak I had been staying a ahoit time previously ; and had reference to a rather singular legend which ' had been current in his family ' for several centuries ; for the Thorn fields ' were quite ancient 'enough to 'have an apparition of their own, and however lightly they might seem to regard it, you ?could not touch them on a more tender p -int than by attempting to ridicule the family ghost. ' .'',-'?'?' 1 As if it had been put there to aid the purpose I had in view, I found in the ' 'state -bedroom of Maison Gris an old fashioned cheval glass, than which, with' its fantastic framework of carved oak, nothing could have been more appropriate for the background of my picture. I at on co caused it to be transplanted to my painting-room, and there it stood for several months, generally with a sheet of , - green baize thrown over it to keep it from the dust. When tired of the company of her ladyship of Shalott, I turned to ray ' ghost- picture,' as Mim called it, by way of variety. Then was the glass unshoeted, and Laura, my wife's sister, would pose -. herself before it, as in the act of twining a string of pearls in her hair ; while I transferred to my canvas the outline of her figure, theiurn of her little head, the flowing masses of her chestnut hair, with the up-curved arms and the taper fingers holding the pearls.''- The two faces as ceen reflected in the glass—that of the appari tion, peering blue-white over the bride's shoulderj and the girl's own fnce — I left till the last, or, rather, was waiting till some moment of inspiration should lend my fingers the necessary power to repre sent clearly on canvas the two faces a3 I saw them in my own mind. One autumn morning J. got up as 1 had often done before, just as the sky was be ginning to put pie with the coming day ; and ? slipping quietly down stairs, I opened the front door, and stood for a moment or two on the steps enjoying the delicious freshness1 of x- the ? morning. Whilst standing thus, the thought 'ca'ine into my head that it would-be as well . to take a peep into ray painting-room, . and seeSthat everything was right thore. On leaving off work the. previous ovening, I had left open the door leading into the iVerandah, in order that the, room, might be purified by morning from the smell of some turpentine which I had accidentally spilt. This door I had afterwards forgot ten to shut before going to bed ; and the idea struck me, that it would be as well to see that no stray cat or dbg had been playing any pranks among my brushes, and colours during the night. The door leading from the verandah into the painting-room was at an oppo site angle of the house from that at whioh I was now standing, so I descended the steps leisurely, and walked across the grass-plot towards it, noticing, as I did so, what I had never noticed before, that the old house looked older and grayer, showed the scars and brunts of age more clearly by that cold half-light of early morning than when seen at any other time, even under the bright sun of mid day. As I stepped under the verandah, I saw with some surprise that the door in front of me was shut. It was a swing door that shut of its own accord -unless fastened back, and on leaving it over night, 1 had propped it open with a chair; but the chair was now gone, and the door closed. Wondering a little by what means this had come about, I pushed open the door, and went in. As I entered the room, I mechanically let go the door, which swung to, and shut me in ; and the same instant 1 felt, rather by intuition than by the action of any more positive sense, that I was shut up with something that had no business' there- with something terrible. I had but one brief instant to' look rouud ; the next, my wandering gaze fixed itself upon two great blazing eyes staring balefully out at me from a dusky corner of the room ; but in .that one second of time my mind took in the' fallen ohair.i the (great . rcheval glass in -the centre, of ,the-room,j my easel in one corner, a broken doll of Mim's on the.floor jiwhiler other familiar ..objects further, away in the .big room still shpwed indistinctly through .the,.. dim;; gray. flight creeping slowly throngh.the-, thicks pane's ofthe old. vwindow;;. then. the;.. eyes , took ? me,, andlin ,that , fir.st ., awful -?? shock;! with which- the sightyo.^them - thrilledHjme/. I think that I:vcould'hard:.hav.e i turned; my head away even to save my t life, ^hey glared at me 'unwinkingly 'from the'1 semi ' obscurity of !th'e corndr with a sort of con centrated ferocity in ''th'eirvglare'wh'ich. chilled my, very heart's,'- blood/i. To w.hat strange monster' crouching there, but' ' half seen' in . that'.d.imi corner, ?' did) rthose .fiery orbs belong-?- -.-N.ot long wasl left in doubt. .With a .snarl,: low, deep,; and ferocious ; with an arching, and;, bristling of its immense back ;'-, .with ' its. ?mouth grinning murder'; with f. one crouching step backward, as if ; to give itselfr-more; leverage, for, a .spring:;, andwith almighty rush, the Tiger was upon me. .,1 ,fell-.as though smitten by a thunderbolt, a blood red light danced: for an. instant before my eyes, and then came, a darkness as of death.- ,— ...?; ;-. '.?!?;,,.-!? ,-?..'..:,: :;'.'??..?„?',?:???/?; '. My senses came back but-;, slowly:- I awoke by degrees ,toi a consciousness of life, but of a life utterly .dissevered' from that of my, former self, -, .,; '' .':.:--:;i,\\-s'. Where , had' I , been; and. what Yhad happened to, me? Ah, the tiger \, I re membered, everything now. .But -even this reality, bad as it was, seemed hardly as terrible as the doom which threatened me in my dream, if a dream it - could be called. That dull, dead weight upon my chest, which even in my half -conscious state had seemed ponderous enough to gradually crash the breath out of me, was nothing more or less than the immense paw of the animal in whose power I now was, and the shifting of it had broken my vision just at the point where endurance ends, and madness or death supervenes. In that first moment of semiconscious ness, after opening my eyes, I groaned slightly, and tried to turn over ; but scarcely had I stirred a limb, when the tiger, which wa3 crouching on the floor close to my shoulder, put forth his paw again, as though afraid I were going to escape him, and brought it down on the upper part of my right arm ; at the same moment his claws shot from their sheaths like so many hidden poniards, and pene trated through the thick cloth of my shooting-coat deep into my flesh. A Bhriek of anguish involuntarily escaped my lips, to which the beasc responded with a muffled roar ; and then for the second time I fainted. . ' ? ? .'!.-.? . My poor scattered wits, on dragging themselves painfully together for the second time, seemed intuitively cogniz int of the danger that beset me. Every nerve and fibre in my body seemed to whisper 'Benare!'-. I was conscious of the pre- i sence of my terrible adversary before 1 ' opened my eyes ; I felt that to move dven an arm or a leg might be my death warrant ; I lay there like one dead, slowly gathering my energies to meet ? the ordeal still before me. He seemed to feel himself so thoroughly: master of the situation, that he was in no hurry to proceed to extremities. Perhaps it was gratifying to his feelings to find one of the hated race of men so completely in his power. . . t .. It was broad daylight by this time, and such of the familiar features of the -room as; I could see without stirring my head, were just as they had been left last night. The tiger,' whioh I could only conclude to have escaped from some menagerie, had doubtless come prowling about the house in search of shelter, and finding the studio door invitingly open, had1- walked in, overturning the chair in his passage,- and had made for himself a snug lair on some discarded drapery in one corner, till roused by my entrance. But for my carelessness in leaving open the door of the- painting-room, I should never have found myself in this sad plight. Instead of being clo3e ' to the door;by which I was standing when the tiger sprang upon me, I now found myself lying on a square of Persian carpet, and in close proximity to the second door, which opened out of a corridor in the house. Immediately opposite to me, on the other side of the room, was the large old-fashioned window of which I have already spoken, towards which the tiger's back was now turned. In a direct line between., the tiger and the window, supported by two wooden uprights,- and covered' with green baize, stood the cheval glass, behind which the window was partly hidden, one side only of it being visible from where I lay. All this time I had been gathering up my energies to meet the fate that loomed so imminently before me with whatever of courage and composure was possible to. me. My chances of escape seemed very faint indeed, but hone the less did I keep revolving one scheme after another in my brain — never more subtly active, never throbbing with a fuller life than in, that hour of my extremity— only to reject them, one by,, one .as utterly hopeless. Alas' ! ? for me there seemed no help . on earth::.,';;;? /'?? ?' ,.( .' . .; ??,;.'. .; ,; ; A. dull 'vague despair, in spite of my efforts to. the contrary, was beginning to settle clown, over ,my soul, ,when, ^bringing rayX'oyes to' irest ' bribe; more.'pn.ihWbrute beside the,.' I 'saw, with a thrill of hopei, that those unwavering eyes had closed, at last.- , He .was asleep, , with one paw laid against my shoulder,' ready . to grasp me should' - T ' offer to1 stir. A small matter! truly, to cause me to thrill with hope;'b,ut I could not help accepting the fact, trifling ; as it was, as an augury of good promise! Lightly and delicately the tiger slept-^as lightly as any maiden dreaming of her lover, and waiting for his coming. I ventured to open, my; /eyes;a little wider', and a moment afterwards, a sight met my gaze which stirred my soul to its very depths, _ ; and .would ; have : drawn, from me some cry or movement of surprise, had not the painful lesson of a few minutes ^before; beem still so fresh in myjmemory! What I saw was the white agonised face of my wife peering in through that: corner of ..the.. window, not hidden by ' the' cheval glass, and Laura's face, scarcely less anguish-stricken, gazing over hershoulder. . They had discovered my dangerous position ; would they be able to help ino ? My wife's eyes and mine met in a long, yearning, heartfelt gaze' across the little space that kept us asun der. I had learned to read the language of those dear eyes years before, and their meaning was plain' to me now. They told of love and pity in a way that no mere words could have done, and yqt breathed, withal, a Bpirit of hope and consolation almost divine, as though wishing me not to forget that both her fate and mine were in the hands of a merciful Power, without whose permission not even a sparrow can fall to the ground. Suddenly, Laura whispered something in my wife's ear, and a flash passed over the faces of both. Then Laura held up her hands in a way that made me grasp her idea in an instant. She was going to communicate with me by means of the manual alphabet — called by some people ' the deaf and dumb alphabet' — with which we were both acquainted. One by one I spelled out the words as she formed them, letter by letter, with her finders. Her first communication ran thus : — 'Courage. We are praying for you with our hearts, and working for you with oar heads. We are trying to devise some means of rescue, and do not despair of success.' Then they both kissed their hands to me, and went back out of sight. I knew that they would come again in a little while ; that they had merely left me in order to talk over some scheme of es cape. But what chance of escape w as there indeed for me? None, none that I could discern. Presently they returned, and Laura had Mim in her arms, whom she lifted up to look through' the window at poor papa. The child was frightened- when she saw the great brute beside me, and turning away, put her arms round her aunt's neck, and burst into aobs., A low growl from the tiger warned us all that the least dis turbance might be fatal to me. Laura took the child away, but my wife remained by the window, her hands clasped one in the other, her head drooping against tho stonework, gazing at . me ; through the panes with tearless despairing eyes. , In a little while Laura and Mim came back ; and Mim, no longer terrified, now ' looked through - the ^window at me, and smiled and kissed her hand. Then came another message, worked out by Laura's nimble fingers : 'We have thought of a plan whiob, with Heaven's help, we hope will succeed. Lie per fectly still, and do not bo surprised at anything you may see or hear. God bless you !' A minute or two later my ears, preter naturally alert during those, terrible mo ments — indeed, 'all my senses at that time seemed to be preternaturally alive — de- tected a faint rasping sound, which I had heard many a time before, only this time it, was fainter and' more cautious than usual. It was the. noise made by Mim when she opened the casement from the outside by means of her piece. of crooked wire. Faint as the noise was, the tiger pricked up his ears, and gave utterance to another low, deep-throated warning. The noise ceased for a little while, to com mence again about a minute later ; and this time the beast did not deign to notice such a petty interruption of the prevailing quietude. In a little while the noiseceased, but whether the casement was now open or shut, I had no means of judging, hidden from view as that part of the window was behind tho cheval glass. .But even if they had succeeded in opening the casement, in which way could that fact conduce to my deliverance ? Had I even possessed the tiger's full permission to use such, a mode of exit, the casement was far too -small to admit of my passing through it.' '.'? ': .; '''? . ..'-.', ?'' ' ??;';':;! : ' ' '? ' ? \ Laura coming back to the window, tele graphed to me the third ,- time with her fingers: — ' ; . ; . ?? 'All is prepared. Wait and be silent. Our hearts are with you.' ?'- ??' , Dear ones ! that their hearts were wjth me, I never for one moment doubted ; ncr that whatever womanly wit, sharpened by the most devoted love, could do 'for. my deliverance, would be accomplished by those two ! ' . - My wife, Laura and Mim were now all gone, and I was left alone with . the sleerj ing tiger. A short space of the most in tense silence followed, and then my ear, hungering anxiously for some sound, de tected a faint rustling in the direction of the window, but so faint, so like a whisper -' of silence itself, that . iu any ordinary ? mood it would not' have' reached my senses at all. ' Although his eyes- were still closed, and he was to all appearance asleep, I saw-, -by -a. slight pricking of the tiger's eara, that the noise had. not, been unnoticed by him.' ,',Ifc was,' with a feeling of Rickening. anxiety, which I should; vainly try't to. describe, that I awaited whatever might happen next. ? ' ? : ????-??'. j With half-shut' eyes I watched and waited. ~ The intense silence, of the room waa unbroken.' .'', At .once,', without any warning sound :or- intimation of; what' was coining, I saw a- wee white! hand; and; slender white arm protruded from behind, the1 bheval 'glass. ' 'Great- Heaven .'!' I cried to myself, |{ that is the''harid :and iarnyof, my darling Mim !'.:and-!my eyes blurred over with tears, and all my heart went forth in a great silenbcry to Heaven tb'prbte'ot and save my'bhild.'-'i' ? '' :?; When I could bear to look again,' 'the hand and arm were gone, but the object for which so much had been ventured was safely .accomplished. .Fastened to; the curtain of green baize which covered the cheval glass were two braBS' rings, and to oneof these rings Mim's little hand had now succeeded in hooking a thin cord : so much I at once discovered, although for what purpose the cord had been thus' attached I waa utterly at a loss to conceive. ' I was, however, far too anxious just then regarding Mim's Bafety to give more than a passing thought to any other sub ject, however strange. But so cautious, as well' as brave, was my little darling, that not the faintest sound betrayed her presence, till, as I was afterwards told, she had reached the casement, and was about to be drawn through it by her aunt, when her foot slipped, and her head coming in contact with the stone work of the window, she gave utterance to a low cry of pain. That cry thrilled through me ; but no sooner did the tiger hear it, than he started up with a roar that seemed to shake the room, and the same instant the claws of his right foot, buried themselves in my shoulder, only to be withdrawn the next moment, so as to enable him to turn himself round, which he did with one sudden swing of his huge body, standing now with his face to the cheval glass and the window, from which point he evidently sniffed danger. Fortunately, he did not attempt to go near the window, otherwise poor Mim's fate must have been sealed before she could have escapad through the case ment. As it was, the brute contented himself with standing directly over my body, and giving utterance to a series of terrific roars, such as might well hava made the stoutest heart in my position quail with fear. Mim was safe by this time ; I had a glimpse of her white face as the Breton nurse hurried with her past the window ; and I could now afford to turn my mind to the consideration of my own danger ; and/truly, .my '^prospect of deliveranco seemed at that moment a faint one in deed. .The. tiger's suspicions wero thorbughly aroused. Ho had now taken to walking round and round mo in an un ending circle, sniffing at mo from time to time, and growling to himawlf, while I lay with shut eyes simulating death as closely as possible. Suddanly he stopped in his walk, and fell back a pace or two from me ; aad ac the same instant there ^ burst from his throat a loud snarling yoll, half of rage and half of fear. Tho cord hooked on to the ring by Mim had boen pulled from outside, the window; the sheet of green baize had fallen away from before the cheval glass, and the startled ' beast, turning at the sound, saw reflected, therein another tiger and another man. With him to see and to act ' . were one. His tail lashed his sides once or twice as he stood gazing for a moment at this in truder on his territory ; then, still snarl ing viciously to himself, with contracted body, and all his huge muscles quivering ,with excitement, he worked his way. back ward almost to the door, so, as to give himself, more room for his spring ;, then all at once curving his. body into an arch, and bringing his grinning muzzle nearly to the ground, he shot over me like a flash of yellow light, aiming straight at the reflection of himself in the glass. Carried by the immense impetus of hi» spring, he shot through the glass and the. woodwork behind it, coming out on the other side, bleeding; and partially stunned, and quite as much frightened, I suspect, as either. But at the first sound of shivered ' glass) -: and. before the scared beast had time to recover his presence of mind,-!; tho door behind me was suddenly opened, and my two good angels rushing in, -seized mo as I lay, and with a strength which at any other time would have astonished: themselves, they lifted me lightly up, and swung me out of the room. , It was the work of a moment. .Laura's bold device had succeeded, and I was saved. , The rage of ' the tiger was something fearful when ha found out how he had been tricked, and that his prey had really escaped him. ; Later on in the day cama the caravan-people, from whose custody he had escaped on the previous nighb shortly after feeding-time, and in such a quiet cunning fashion, ' owing' to one of. the keepers having imperfectly fastened a small grating . at the. top of his den,; that his departure was not discovered, till daybreak. He had subsided into a fitiof sulks by the , time the keeper reached Maison Gris, , and neither cuaxing /nor threats could, stir him. out of the corner in which, he1 1, had taken up his quarters, and there was no keeper bold enough to venture into, the room to him. Ultimately, he was icaptured by means of a tempting shin of beef fixed in an iron cage, which ' he was obliged,, to enter, before he could get ? at ;.it, , and i once , inside the cage,, his liberty was gone. * * - ' -^ I was yeryjill.f or, along time, and, nearly a year elapsed . .'before my arm and .shoulderj. jwore:, sufficiently recovered to- » ^enable ;ma, to use. brush and pallet again. The scar3,l shall carry with me as long as ,I;liyo.7).-'j;v .-'jvi/.. ?;';'....-. ,{,!,' * 