Scientific Lectures. ON the evening of the 26th ultimo Pro-<*> fessor Pepper gave the third of his fare-<*> well course of science lectures in the Minories Hall, Queen-street, which was comfortably filled by an intelligent and appreciative audience. The early theory respecting li>{ht, which was said to consist of minute but practi* cally imponderable particles, was related and shown by more recent experiments to be fal lacious, the correct theory being proved to be that light wob produced by vibra tory motions from the sun, communicated through universal ether, to our earth. The experiments illustrating this view were most convincing and beautiful, calling forth re* peated applause. Proceeding in the elucidation of the vibratory theory it wa« shown bow sounds were rendered visible to the eye, tLu vibra tions producing lines corresponding to their oharacter of harmony, discord, and octave. The professor's remarks on this subject were mott interesting, opening up a world of intellectual enjoyment unknown to the vast majority of even educated minds. By generalising on the, vibra tion of sound?, the principle of the telegraph and telephone was explained to the simplest under* standing. The effact of sympathy upon sounds, colours, and light was afterwards shown and beautifully illustrated. The second part of the entertainment consisted of enlarged photo* graphic views of late improvements and dele* brated places in London, very life-like and in* teresting. Professor Pepper on Saturday evening re peated his interesting lecture on fire and heat, and was closely watched during the performance of his varied experiments, which bo clearly illus* trate some of the principal features of his sub ject All of these were performed with the pro. fessor's usual coolness and (.kill, and the readi* ness with which he dipped his hand in boiling water or handled molten lead would have estab* luhed the reputation of any coujuror, but for the simple explanations given hb to how it wad all done. The remarks in reference to the explosive condition of water exposed for a length of time in a highly heated iron vessel, and then sud* denly cooled, were very instructive, as showing exactly what tabes place when cold water in suddenly pumped into a boiler in which the water has previously been allowed to fall to a very low level, or even into one which has for a considerable period been kept without a fresh supply, so that the water in the boiler has be* come heated to a very high point After the lecture a series of pictures were thrown on the screen by the aid of the oxyhf drogen lantern, showing the advance of invention in the matter of artillery—guns of the earliest type being fol* lowed by those of later date and larger siz-i, until the 101 ton gun and gigautic mortar of the pre sent day were reached. Of all these the professor gave instructive details amountiug almost to a second lecture. ' Professor Pepper's lecture was very interesting on Monday night, and the various experiment* of the powerful ory-hydrogen microscope were wit* neßsed with evident delight by the audience. The illustrations on the screen of the modern system of marine warfare by means of torpedoes were also full of interest, and give a more correct idea of the principle* on which torpedo warfare is likely to be conducted thau the reading of pages of scientific matter. The subject of Professor Pepper's lecture on Tuesday nignt was " Alchemy and its apparent contradictions to chemistry," in the course of which the lecturer gnve some very beautiful experiments. After the lecture, the diorama of the war in Afghanistan was exhibited. Professor Pepper has been induced to extend his farewell season until Tuesday next, in ordur to give the Brisbane public an opportunity of witnessing his famous ghost illusion, as invented by him and exhibited at the Polytechnic, London, for several hundred nights. The first of a series of five lectures under the auepiceH of the congregation of St. Thomas* Church, Toowong, was delivered in the Institute, Toowong, on Monday evening last by C. «S. Caus> dell, Esq., barrister-at-hw. W. H. Miakiu, Eaq, presided, and the lecturer chose for hie subject Shakapeare's " Hamlet." The lecture consisted chiefly of readings selected from the various scenes of the play, each readiug being prefaced by a graphic exposition of the uature and con* tanta of the piece. .Amokost the little attritions paid to their royal highnesses the Princes Edward aud George during their visit to Brisbane was the preaenta tion by Mrs. Spilabury, confectioner, Queen* street, of a basket of bonbons and a bouquet of flowers. The basket wan all of sugarwork artistically designed, and surmounted hy a crown, which was supported by Prince of Wales feathers, and filled with the best t-rench bonbons. The bouquet was composed of the choicest flowers procurable, so admirably arranged that the whole was quite a triumphant floral combi* nation of nature and nrt. Wo have heen n letter from Miss Kenuedy to Mrs. Spilsbury, express ing the admiration o( the princes for her pre sents, and their thankfulness for the delicate aud agreeable attention shown them. A. MEETING of gentlemen connected witli tho various football clubs of the city was held last week, for the purpose of arranging an athletic meeting for the season of 1831. A committee was formed to carry out all arrangement*, and it is ezpeoted that the programme will bo issued to-day. 