IN THE MIST. i. ' Yes, Winnie, I say it, and I mean it, you. are a cruel coquette. . Ytni know | -that I love yon more than life itself, and yet you take a pleasure in tormenting 3ne,J _ ' It is you who torment me with yonr I jealous snspiC&Sns;, Noel, and your ,tem- 1 per is simply unbearable. I warn you 1 that you may try me too far.' I This fngment of dialogue reached my I ears one autumn afternoon as. 1 — :the j vicar of Penravon — was returning home I across the heights after a long round of I parochial visits. . 1 The speakers stood facing each other, 1 on the dnsty, ennbnrnt turf at the edge 1 ' of the diffi too much- absorbed in their J quarrel to notice my approach. .Not J that my presence would have greatly .dis- j concerted them had they been aware of it. I bad known both Winnifred God- yon and NbelTremaine from childhood ; had christened them, and should probably have the pleasant task of marrying them, j if all 'went well- — thoneh the coutse of their trae love did not seem to be running j very smoothly at tins moment. - j ' It mast be- admitted that there waa j some gronnd for their mntnal reproaches. Tremaine, who was a clever young mio- 1 ing engineer, had the quick temper which often goes with a warm heart, and the | very, strength of his affection made him jealous and exacting. As for Winnifred, her best friends could not deny tbat she was somewhat wayward rand capricious, though bo thoroughly lovable withal tbat those little failings, which time wonld certainly correct, might well be forgiven. She was the orphan grand-daughter and spoilt darling of the wealthiest man for miles round. Penravon — old Michael Cariyon, the ship-owner— and was, besides as pretty a gal as yon would , meet in a summer day ; with a complex- 1 ion like a May rose, and eyes of the won- derfnl bine tbat seemB peculiar to Corn wall—the deep, limpid, cbangefnl hue of ' the western sea ; - whilst she never smiled . bnt to reveal a set of teeth dazzlingly white and even. Noel's stalwart form, -and handsome, vivacious, olive-tinted face, mode; a picturesque contrast to her delicate beauty : a better matched young conple could not have been found in the Dnchy. Jest now, however, neither of my favourites appeared to advantage. The gid was -flashed and defianj her cbm- panion white with anger. Hitherto their disagreements had merely been -the "renewing of love," bnt in tins there sip- peered to be sbmething more serious. ' What, quarrelling again !' I exclaim ed, looking at them severely over my spectacles.. 'When will yon two learn to agree V They started and turned, both looking rather guilty. ' Noel has insulted ine, Mr. Glynn F Winnie declared, hotly. j 'I have not — unless truth is an insult,' asserted NoeL: ' I said that yon— —' | There's ho need to repeat it,' inter- j :tpo8ed"W)inme. 'Excuse me,'- iiB JBtnraed. . ..-AB;you have appealed to Mr. Glynn, ft is only \- - fair he ehonld know wfiiat hasssed. I ' eaid it was scandalous that yon ehonld '. ' encourage other 'nren's attentions when you ore my. betrotiied wife.''.. Winnie laughed -provokingly,ithongh her fingers trembled as she trilled with a spray of heather at her breast 'Is no one else even to look at me without yonr : permiadonf' she asked.. Noone ehall make love to yon if I1 know it,' he answered between his teeth. ' And prey who has done so T . Tkemfdne hesitated a momenta . "! Wal- ter./Borlace, lor one, .be said, at length. : Winnifred raised her pretty brows in astohishthe'nt Walter Borlace 1 " why- — I have- vknown: him rallmy life We sure almost like -brother and sister." ; "'A. little less than kin and more' than kind,' quoted Noel, with an angry iangh. 'Yon know Weil enough that he is in love with yrHL'- ; - jt j. 4 I -Winnie - -begap,: , thaji Stopped prf, colouring to her temples. '-At. any rate he has never told meso, ' /she -fintshed proudly, r,: . - - 'Bit yon know it well enongh I re peat, and yon-encourage him.' \- 1 ' T. It. is false'!' she interrupted. ' I have 'nevereiicortBpdhini.,' 1 / 'It is; tru'? returned Noel. ; L have C8 IAr'sKri a.l:>JT.fA £1117.' An angry retorJ .fOBeJq Ber- lipb ', bnt nhelpontrollei herself . . ; - .; ':V i,.":tJ:YesI5Sbd> yourzre 'Uin41-/isl>a,- ssudj more, i gcotij- - 'rYon;; in; ; blinded j by jealousy, or ypu-woqld knQijh»t,.wha,t- ever my faults may be, l am ndt1 pntrne orFe- hBarted- Bat yon (cknthinkho rf ydIrb36ej, ehe'cbncladed,' raising her -" ' bead proudly. 'I vrill be indifferent ito f . /j«wrAph»op.;, r '.:'l ' r1-; ' ; ' ' '.' '.iYoir; wqold not eay that if you reaUy, csniid 'forkner-'/fietniihed Noel,- : ' bnt . yooi don't;" ' I -ir ave dong 1 tirobgbt yonr loveis 'gjrvth7 eLrorej bdf 'taow l Bin'shre.of nitJ.r ' HerTip quivered, but she said nothing, \- - -l-x>kii>g away from him. unes-fra calm, / 'suh lit eeiL 'Noel gazed intolrer face as iif hc were tryirig toxead her heart in te . 'Js it so f ' hfi qneatioDedj -with fierce anxictv. - Have I lost yonr -heart, Wio- . C nie I'- TQ 'J 5 1 : . ; : Her.bre.amB/qnickly j'Jhe TaiBea r hit femes' tb fejs wiffl ja look wrach plight ' ' ito have con vinced ham te the, .contrary ; r: : > bptryngetong- jlBa. angry, snspidoas gaze, her face ifKms4agun. You-have not taken much- tronble to 'keepit/WVer.topljv ... f ! He drew.a qnickbrMm.-lmd stepped; 1;f;b»ck from -te. see— 4t is as. L in his eyeBihat almost msned the beauty . T; D of .Us toco -'-''Ab each is the case," he . .resumed, apeakh ek>wly.qnd;with diffi- .. iicnl; M .release yon frtmyonr promise.. ; I wHl ®ot wed B womau -whoee heart is! " VfrisV hending his close to .0r>lr»ifiypflwriUsnt be my wife yon ehalTbe' no other man's. I wiH frill; yon first?.. : " ../'-r-r ; ' ' eBrowba-sritiiarant my, tmnii -J.aftgtolddeBtypaJfi.ir:4---'-' g feflf f»r - 'That it certainly ahall be,' Winnie said quickly, bnt in a tone of insolation that was new to her. Her young face had a hard, resentful look that altered it strangely. Yon have given me my freedom,' she continued, turning to Noel ; ' I accept it. 1 VI a I" A to vmip Mnn U cnaafinrfiV wnti nn<3 >sug, uwuimvivu juu nuu I are strangers.' , She held it ont to him, and as he made no movement to take it, threw it at his feet, and went her way, with a firm step and erect figure, taking the road over the moor towards Borlace Court, as the old-fashioned manor-honee was oaUed. Tremaine mechanically picked np the ring, and stood, looting after her, with a blank, incredulous expression, as if he hardly realised what bad happened. The tempest of passion hsd passed as qnidtiy as it rose, leaving pain and remorse be hind. 'Do yon think she iB m earnest, Mr. Glynn 1' he asked at last, in a tone of: dismay. /'It. looks very like.it,' I answered1 dryly. 'Yon think she' really intends to take me at my worn, ana r«> good heavens, I did not mean it 1 I was so maddened with jealousy I hardly knew what I said.' Yon most have been mad indeed to believe for a moment that Walter Borlace had taken yonr place in her heart,' I said. \- She did not contradict me,' he mut tered/ J . ' . './ . ' Pride sealed her lipe, bnt her face I spoke for her, if yon had bad eyes to see.' I He was silent a moment looking down. I His colour oaine'and went ; his face ores j troubled and remorseful. 1 'I have acted like a fool 1 he burst ont at last. 'I know that she is tone at, heart, in spite of ..her little coquetries; and X have driven .her from me — perhaps for ever 1 What ehall I dol Do yon think she will for give me 1 I will ask her pardon on my knees — " " T hnne mn will do nothine SO ridi- culous," I interrupted. '"It wilL. be better polity to keep away for a few days, until she has had . time to think it over, and then—" " And- then, perhapa-I shall find that she has engaged herself to 'that fellow" //-he nodded towards Borlace Woods— wIn a "fit of pique. No jl will not eat bj bleep tin my ring is on her fmgeragain / Shs'Js gone to'the'Gonrt to tea shall waStherebillfiie YetumB, and it wDl be" strange if I can't win her pardon fora few hasty words. She, knows that my . temper, and sot my.heart -jras,.rib'' blame. " " Yon moBt learn to control that tem per of yours," I oaid gravely; aS we shook I hands, " or I fear it will lead yon to a; terrible tronhle someday." |; 'Liiittle thought when I.htterod that prediction hbw toon it was- Sastined-tofcB folfilled. ' / He turned from me witnont replying, and- 1 left him standing with folded arms on Penravon Cliff, while I went oh my way home, pondering, with a bachelor's Ssnsad j petplfafito, on the/frfrange .in- ' Ninfrstenries "of "the passion called love." Five mhtS' wstt broaght ine tor the "Vicarage— a low, square' house of grey stone, facing the sea, while its back dows looked ont over the pnrple moor. Between the boose and the. cliffr stood the church, a quaiot, weather-stained Lnramte buildine. esid tobe of sixteenth century architecture. In stormy weather, its walls are often wet with epray, and in Its crowded graveyard many a humble atone bore witness to tbe perils of those that 'go down to the sea in ships.' The most striking object in the view was Hie ancient Martello Tower on Pen- j raVon Cliffl locally named as the <Smng- I glera' Keep.' The vaults beneath had j ones been used as a storing plaee for I contra band goods, and it was said that a I subterranean passage connected them with I the beach, bnt the entrance in the face of I the cliff had. probably long ago been I blocked np by falls of rock. These dips I frjerebf constant occurrence, sometimes j only ponsiBting of loose stones and sand'; I hot often great masses of rock, detailed, from;... the overhanging, edge,' .'.went crashing and thundering to the beach. \- -The- narrow - footpath, passing the Idbtirchyarilgate, wound along Penravon i Cliffy nd dipped abrnptly into .the wood-, ed hollow which sheltered the village — bne' ' of lhe; : 'most pictnresque on the Cornish coast. : It8 Bteep, zigzag main street wentptraggllng downtothe waiter's edge, where it terDunated in a little jetty of.roagh bpslders and dark., beams drip/, ping with seaweed. The houses were;, for the most part, low stoDe cottages,'- witir deep doorways and slated roofs, and: gardens where myrtle and fnchsia flourish-' ed Inxnriantlyjbat on the wooded slope frbove waji dqftednot » &w; white- wall- ed viliasj among whichthe shipowner's Mose, ,'shbstaiitial and sturdy-looking ie iinrselfi showed Conspicuously. \- ' A cbnple'bf "honre later, haying dined i and - rroted/i - strdlled ont throngh my garden '/intp.. the : humble '- God's ; acre' which kdj oined' Tand sat "down' on the 1 Ibw stone wall; wnder a twisted old thorn treV. " The glory of the evemng -had riepf>rtedImnd',;teriligbt was / gathering qvtoWd tod'sea— a fitill gray twilight, Sfrith frqmethliig hidaricholy in its fitter staeas. /The snn hiid Bet in a hazy horizon, and now Urn cold' "sea mist < was ffiifting'irdand like ;a ghostly vol, gradn- ally ' blotting Ont the familiar outlines of As leat, emoting meditatively, watch ing bid Dan TregMlos, the sexton, who was.diggtngfrgrave not far off two figures, approached along the' path, loonduglsnd- deoly ontHif >the toist — Wnnifred Carl- yqq qpd, 5Val|er_B(nlace. . .. ' Tireiatterwas » slight raft eysffeminate footing feUowoftoro <w thBeemdHtwenly, with pale .grpv eyes /and thin lips— as restia cdhtraBt to Tremaine ln person as m chmcter. '-1 There had always been a jsiant. frntagomsm betweenthe ffro men, wtidi Jonly nfieded a prrtext to tweak intd'eminto, - Has!%xpre8aon, k8-be looked down' toto drfr mmnion's - &ce;, - left little Winnie did not eeem 'to obaenre'lt ;; her them/noticed mihotjtheynassedso bappiness wonld yon have had with Tre- maine — a violent, dangerous follow, who ' He is nothing of the sort;' she inter rupted quickly. ' Yon were always pre judiced against him, and for no earthly reason.' ' And yet you told me jnst now that he had threatened yonr life !' exdalmed Borlace. He said some wild words in the heat of passion,' replied Winnie ; but of course they meant nothing. I am very sorry I repeated them. I was the most to blame ; I ought not to have provoked him to anger.' He glanced at ber with an unpleasant smile. ' I see — it is the old story. Yon have quarrelled jnst for the pleasure of making it -np agon.' She shook her head. ' Not this time ; if has gone too for,' she said gravely. 4 Are yon sore of that I! he . asked, taking her band, and speaking for once without affeotation. 'Are yon really free f Then, Winnie, I may say at last what has been on my lips many a'time before, though yon would never let me speak. I think yon know what it is. Yon mnBt know that I ' Winnie coloured, and drew her hand away. 4 Walter, pleaae eay no more,' she in terrupted. ' I am not in the mood to listen jnst now.' His thin lips tightened. ' Will yon ever bein.the mood ? ' he questioned. .'Eome fithm/topae I may be— I don't know ; bnt certainly not now.' She put ont her hand as she spoke. ' Don't trouble to come- any further," she added abruptly. ' Good-bye.' / ' Are yon offended with me 1 ' be asked, . bending Jto look into her face. 4 No, but— rbqt I yrofild rather ' be alone. \- ' How white yon are,' be exclaimed, as they shook hands ;'andyouareehiver- ing. Are yon cold f ' She laughed uneasily. ' No, it was only a nervous tremor. Someone is walk ing on my grave, as the country people say.' 1 He lingered a moment, twisting bis neat little blonde moustache as he looked after ber; then, with a slight shrog, turned sod walked Blowly away in the op-: posite direction. I watched the girl's retreating figure till the oust hid it from view, wondering if Noel was still waiting on Penravon Cliff and whether there, would be another angry Bcene when they met; Asthe thonght crossed my mind I was. conscious of a strange, uncomfortable feel ing, such as I have experienced sometimes in a troubled dream ; a vague dread ; a presentment of some impending calamity -which I was powerless to avert. I tried to ahake it off but It clung to me, assum ing every moment a more definite shape. At length, yielding to an impulse I could jrot understand, I swung myself over the low wall, and followed her. The mist fras nowko dense, that I was obliged to procaediantionBly leet I should stray from the path, which lit some points is dangerously near. to the qge of the precijHtonsiliff, ; ;Vj I had passed tire spot where I parted frorn.Tremaine, andwasapproaching the old/tower, when a -confused sound 'of yoicea reached me ; voices I recognised, though the sneakers were as yet invisible. \- .'Winnie, don't madden me I Yon know that ! didn't mo1 what I stiff Take bsck'the ring.' ' After yon have insulted and threat ened me i Never ! No, yon shall not force it on me; let go my hand— how dare yon 1' 'I dan anything rather tirnn loose yon.' ' This is not the way to win me back. Let go my hand — yon hart -me! Ah, take care, Noel ! yon will — ' The words broke -off in a scream — a- cry eo wild aDd' terrible that it went throngh my nerves like an electric shock;' In another moment I was on the spot. Tremaine was standing, rigid and motionless as a figure carved in stone, on the extreme verge of the diff gazing blankly into thedepth below, whire there was Dotting to be seen bat. the drifting, nrist nothing to be heard bnt the wash of the incoming waves upon the rocks. . ' .Where was Winnifred f \--When I.put/the question m a fiLltering ice(, juidlaid my hand hpoh his/ti-m, he Blowlj tnrhtiliiis head end lookedat me. \--Itaist .I may never again see on a hnrnfrii fato jti.jexpression frjs. wore at thettoonubnt— fihh speechless Imrror and Bair' sriiiidi ietoied to petrify eveiy ffeiitnr& j-jHff. tried to ' answer, ' frnt ho -ttoud bis white lips. He tofttely pointed down to the'beacb. ""/'Greatheayen 1 ' Igtoped, yohdo not wheto thatyptt-that elfo has Sdleh- overf ' ciinedjusiheaa. .". //' I V 5Were etendingpfr Jhe»,patfa dose totoo3|S|vu|tegan1 iiiV«/ jowoarse !tief; «he reakted h'nd straggled Jto get her band .la-nay." I loosed . it euddenly -to suddeulv'that she staggered backwards, And— and -titibra I tould' preveht it, she —i) Ji.yi.'.'jxr : ":/' Hia voitsebroke ; a shudder ran throngh him from b'8 "tq ' foo'tJ ' -He'J th'reW ftp his handswriafiffld.despairiag gestnte. ' ' i imvefrilled her— I that would have died for, her 1 1 have tilled her — my love 1 j -1, ji jsbpt astep to join In iahbthor ' moment be" would, in the .frenzy, of/ despair/' and remorse, have thrown himself over tire cliff but"'.! seized his arm ahd' dragged him back by mtin foncatf f |j : ; . As I did so, young Borlace came buny- ing np, ont of breath. What has -happened !' he panted.. 'I heard a ery „ . ; . - '-There bas been: a terrible accjdeht, Tbi aDd in a Few teifried 'W&rda; told, him tiff J , He ;sjared hf rne with an expression of IrrcrednlohB horror, then turned his/ eyeson Noel. Tremaine. . 'An accident!', he repeated slowly. Was itanacSdentT \- ' Tktinaine atarteia, end raised -his head. Tborrfiyes met,'' «>d- for a moment they lookedat each other as if nnder a speU.rt . Good htovens— you- cannot .believe reading the .qtberls dart enapirion only, :|<m:pltitiy.«::5dr'-fop he .left ;ihe seirtencennfihiBhedjiand turned. abmpfly; r' , sluwntefel inOTnuatioo,%I dried wmmly.;', YonfrnowtortTkemhiOT; loyBd lter tooWeUto— — . . . -ffliriiiteNd tofoyrooOnrioteiTnpted Notifies ; fw hit. frozen into a strange qnietnde. ' I do. I not deny it It is true.' I ' And a moment ago I heard yon say j tbat yon had killed her,' I 4 Bnt not intentionally 1 ' I exclaimed ; 1 ' it was an accident. Tremaine — speak 1 1 defend yonrself from this sbocldng ac- 1 cosation. Do not let it be sqPP0Bed that yon are — a murderer 1 ,'.,/ He shuddered, and covered bra ayes with hand. ' I feel like ' one, ' he groaned. ' Bnt for me this wonld never have happened. Her death lies at my door ' ' We do not yet know that she is dead, ' T mfcnmed. hentilv. ' While we are loitering here she may be lying insen sible on the beach.' The' suggestion — improbable as I felt it to be — had the effect of ronong him from ids despairing apathy. The words had hardly left my lips when he tamed from us, and harried away, soon dis appearing in the mist. . If she baa Bnrvived such a fall it is little short of a miracle, ' Walter Borlace remarked, as we followed. And yon forget, Mr. Glynn, that the tide is at the flood. It will take as more than an hoar to reach Pants von Roclra ; by that time the waves will have carried her away.'- : I made no answer ; I only knew too well j that he was right, and my heart sank as I thonght of oil the misery that was to come. _ ' ; The nearest way to the beach' was through the village, where Noel had arrived before as. The news spread like wild-fire through the place (though none dared to csriy it to Michael Cariyon), and half the - population tamed oat to accompany/as. There... was some delay while the boats were pat out, and lanterns and torches provided, and it seemed hoars to our impatience before we reached the spot A light -breeze had sprung np, dis parting the mist, and the mobri and stars looked forth as serenely as -if ., there were no death in the world no /sin oi sorrow, ine pals; pore ligirts gleamea on I Penravon Bocks, from which the tide had I retreated, leaving them wet and bare ; I sparkled on the shallow pools between 1 the boulders, showed every crevice arid j projection of the ragged cliff— bnt it did I not show as the figure " we hoped, <yet I dreaded, to eee. j Noticine that thsra had been 'a 'recent I fall of turf and soil from the -edge of the j cliff some of the men -eet to - work to I remove the debris, while - toe others | gathered round, hardly daring to>|hirik j what piteous sight might be revealed j Bnt they found nothing. . Hoping, against hope we continued the search for hoars, Sometimes mistaking a patch of moonlight for a fair dead face, or a floating tangle of sea-weed for f a drowned maiden's hair, ' — all in vain. Of Winnifred -Cariyon, dead or; living, ! there was no trace. - j At length we prepared to retarn, but-' withont Noel, who refused to , leave the; spot ' I shall find her yet — something, tells" me that I shall, ' he mnttered, "casting a, haggard glance round him. ' (Jp— all the j rest of yon ; X . would rather be alone.'; . Walter Borlace gave him a carious look from bis pale grey eyes, and seemed abont to speak, but checked himself, and! followed the othera in silence, .. > , /< 4 Whb'll break thenews to old'OariyOn V-'t toe -men whispered among themselvec, glancing furtively at me. r . I kriew that toe Borrowfnl task-Vronld' be mine; though I wonld have given much to avoid it. I dared not think of tbe grief and desolation the tidings wonld! bring into the honse which toe sweet girl's presence had brightened. . . .,,!/.' v" .- . - -. ,.s ii- . Nothing travels so swiftly as .fll- tidings, and nothing is more infectious than suspicion. Before anotherday had dawned the tragedy was'known "for and wide, and as the news spread,, a vague shadow of doubt and distrusr gathered round Noel's name. No accusation had yet been uttered, but on every side I heard the echo of Walter Borlaoe's doubting question — ' Was it an accident !'/'' , , Tremaine himself seemed unconscious of- the whispered euspicion ; uaconscious of everything except Ms despair.; All day long he was wandering on theheights, or by the margin of the ' cruel, era wling fioam,' as if in toe wild hope that the,, graves would give back what they had taken. There had been a sudden change m the weather. - A strong northwesterlyl gale was rising, -and as I sat in, my 'stfifly at the vicarage that evening I felt tbe sturdy old honse vibrate beneato thiegnst, while the rain beat against the panes " as : if it wonld drive them in. I was endeavour ing, not .very successfully,, to concentrate my mind on "toe. sermon - 1 had' begun when there was a tap at toe door, land old Dan Tregellas, toe sexton, entered, look iogearied«nd startled. '< -;r - ; " !What is it S ' I enqnireff' Yofilook as if you had seen a ghost.' . 'Something likeoneSir. Coming np from the -village just now X. met young Tremaine, and.it .gave me quite a/turn." Where was' he T . ' . / . ' ' i On Penravon Cliff jnst about wfrere ike accident happened. He was walking foht; talking to himaelfi I spoke to him, but he didn't hear me ; didn't even , see me, thongh he passed close to foe. , He was staring straight ' before him like a sleep-walker," ford his face was ' as / white as tois'— laying his finger on my writing- paper. . 1 1 donbt his mind's giving fray, sir, and he'll do himself a mischief if heis not prevented.'- I threw down my pen and rose. ' , ' 'In which direction was he going T/ , '-Straight towards the Eeep.' ; ,f, . \- X-drew aside toe enrttin and loqked opt.1'J "Dusk was deepehihginfo night ; a wild stormy night of hurrying .doaflriahd! driving' rain, ' . Enough , Jighl; remairied /to, ebowme toe maraive form of foe tower,, standing sentinel above the angry sea. - , " "'Hnrely he doesn't mean to speqd ; foe night in that dismal -place f old Dan mritteredot my elbow! - ..... -He mnst not be allowad to fdp eo. Fettir me alantem and htip me oh with n/ovirriMit ;/i ,'iiali': j?o after him at1 rihcsL " ' '< ' -Ffve minotes/Iatef l/stilied forto into Jhe rfon anffda;/ . . .. : /!"/ the honW- 'foer|nhd sfrpoped down frpijfii |fomth«- j. jfiihjliiili" hliodfogiBe/frs it idfove foe tiiarpj; slog' f i foe lower pwVoffof building had been rpagbly restored ; the, I breaches in the 'wall Estopped np, theil windows barred ncroaSj-wml a massive' j door added," which now irh awry on.! its rusty hinges. The plrme had anjl uncanny sort of repntation lffthe neigh-, bourhood, and nothing, wotdd have in-: duced the snperstitions fisherman to enter it after dark. . - : I pushed open toe door and looked in,: holding the lantern above my head. Its' I fight showed me tire figure pf Np.'e-! mdine, standing motionless in foe middle of the floor, ae if he had stopped short in the act of crossing it. His face was turned towards the door, but'he'.did riot appear to eee me. He stood in a listening I attitude, his lips apart, his eyes fixed and I dilated, every line of hie face expressing I strained and anxionB attention. 1 What was it he heard ! No soring reached my own can .bat toe .roar of tbe I wind and foe murmur of foe see. A j vagne, half-enperstitions fear crept over me as I watehed him, bnt I shook it o& land entered, closing foe door loudly to 1 attract lug attention. But though the sound echoed throngh foe pjace, it did not break the strange apeQ that held him. It'was' not'tmtU'Ttoached his aifofoat he seemed consaoas of my presenca Then he started -rfolentlv. and looked at- me with a wild, haggard . stare, but ex- pressed no snrprise at my sadden sppeari anoe, and for a moment seemed hanlly to recognise me. At length he drew a deep breath, as if waking from a dream, mid j laid his handon my wrist - I- 'Do yon hear it f be risked, in. b I breathless whisper. I 4 1 hear notMng bnt the wind and toe MSL' . J I ' 'Not that — the sonnd is within- the tower. Hark!' ..'/ j I listened intently a moment; foea I shook my head. '.It was the cry .of ri I sea-gull. ' 1 ' I tell yon it is here, close to ns, I seeming to come from the gronnd beneath I our feet,' he persisted excitedly. ; 1 ' 4 What ii rtifi anntu) I1 HSs answer fairly took my bresfo away. !' ! Winnie's voice.' L I looked at Mm compassiocatelf. ' Yon are dreaming,, Noel 1 grief and ex- citementhaye- nfoerysdlm!. Come out of this 1 gloomy ;plwa> come/ home with r He fooolris head imperitiy,- j -jNo,I daremotjeave thisripot..Jome- foi-— an attraction ! can'lvsnjpfoin— Brewore to it iri spite of mysriff ra jqst riow, -before you catne, I thoephtdSeard 1;. /There rigainl' & brace dft, shoiflder. ! I fod&hefrrafrantmttefoy;, seeming, as he harT mid, foieTrom the gronird i beneath oarfeet! n;;/-.";"// ' '" He had watched my face, arid ms pwn l fited np fotoa wdd trinmpii. ! /,' i I ' Do you believe me now, or. are we j /both dreiniibgF he/bfijlvfoiiilin j quishing my arin, he thre w hi tritelf on toe 1 'floor, beating the etoneh as -if Ae/worild I have! torn foem iip wito ils bare handd j ''Winnie — Whmie'i'' Npeakfo me — i stoere'rireyon /!" j .'. 1 /, It/was no dehasun thk lime,:/riafrmk'j of excited d anoy.' - A . voice — not the I 'J.jpjSl of "a -froiid. ;5itJ paiff'bfit toe yoice of I ri linng .-woman, anhwefed / '! am here , fo fos yafot ! Help--— com® to ! T; / ./ ./' :' ./': ' ' -rl L /Noel- eprang to' his f eet, with a cry I foat rang throngh - toe place; ' ' Ah, ! nndefatarid I /Dolt; that. I was riot to think' Of -it before | Mr;>Giynn— foe enb- rterraneari— passage--. .'. '/ . . ' : ' !. r . I started, and ;looked:back -at/himf with'1 a :€ace as <ex<ated'Ta8 his pwii.J I 'Bfiti--— but Tbfow conld" the—— I. began. Z At 'Saa't know. It is -all /mystery qt Ibresent,' he interrapted ; ' bnt orie thing j/is certain.- By ridme ahcange chknee die j I'mqsthafodistovfiredthfi oeiiiDg in foe jjbliff and' mqde her way / to the vault., , I The entrance is sdfoewhere in the floor,, J IjGive me foe lariterii— quick !' ' j h I handed it..tp him, and we anxiously ; |(Kaib9;j|jfo'4Pipjfolbi< was <uj uequarertmie slal'iyqniand uneven with lege./. ffiT-Jfofo-foem, which Appeared : nnewer "foSff '"the rest, rfos em-;., jbedded a rasty iron -ring. Myccimpanion. jt.frifhp'qt/aimi'and riet' j' >.v ThcetoM hM -" hecmrie finiy fixed | m- ite./poaition, : ®nd. i jrrijnired the; jlqtmpst exertiop "f onr mnited strength; we snifr j: eroded m -reiriovjrig iL jibfeato of cold,; j damp air, Charged yvith-an j earthy odofir, j1 cajpe , rushing up from, the yanlt be- I ! . - ri'. I " 'Nod-r bent rver tfie oenTng, gazing down mixionsfy ap fre swm tte lantern I to and>£ro. :Tts rays<fell-bri!what looked (like a heap of light -drapery, ; huddled l.togetoer in the farther ended toe vault;,, I. 'Sheis foere I'he.breathed'; 'but— I but she did riot sprokbrrtfrr Soppose— I suppose we ore too late 1' I took the lantern while he let hjm- ! self drop into the vault; then handed it I dotra to him, and watched him as he I approached the motionless figure. , He bent over it, raised toe drooping head, and turned the white face to jthe light. Then, with an inarticulate sound of mingled pain and rapture, he lifted' the slight form and bore it towardstoe opening where ! was waiting to receive, it ! We took off onr coats and laid her down ,npon them. . !/snpgro;i& tar head on my, knee while he tenderly bhafediheiv hands; ." ' ' j .'Are We too late j ' be faltered,;16ok- ing np at . me with a face hardly leas white thanheru . . , . ... i ' No/foe has onlyfoiiried. : Loofe,'she isreviving already.' '' ' / .-" t . .. ' Even asl sp'pke she stirred nnpailyj drew jb. deep breath, and . nnorod 'her eyes. They wandered round the unfamiliar place, then tested 'on her lo ver, who knelt at her side/watchingriei with breathlefa! anxiety.. , , . . t . , . ,"r ' The change m'her face. whs something tO Temembro. Light; life and colour rnshedback to in a sudden . tide ,pf joy. toat ixaosfigared every foatnre. - < /NqiffNroli4 " " Uv ./TherieiA inpment his Etotolbnri Wilier round her, Iifo.|treroea )rifoers. tatwtorivbfrjfooriatelafoeri'Btowcaii' Ifotofchesveaenotahiorits maty in suffered since yesterday .! , the sgouy of t self-reproach.' ' . - ' My poor Noel, yonr faro speaks for ' yon,' she interrapted, with a faint smile. .. ' Bnt yoq need riot have reproached your self ; it .was a pure accident!' . :'Are you badly hurl; my darling!' he asked' audoosly.,'- '. '!' am a little braised and stiff- — nothing more.'. , . ... 'Yon eacaped wifoont injnryfrom that terrible fall, I . exdalmed.' ' It seems ri miracle/ ' ' . !. , ' ' , / It was indeed little ahort of one,' rihe answered gravely. 'Let. me try to tell yoq how it happened. After I fell from the cliff — was it only yesterday ! it seems so long ago— I most have /been nncon- scioua for sometime. When I recovered I found myself lying bn a projecting ledge .of rock, my dress eifrangled in a straggling bripq Thotah not injured I wasterribly braised ana- shaken, and foe I ledge was so narrow that I dared not Btir 'for fear of falling agfon. I cried for help, Jjrit my voice was. drowned .in the noise of foe breakers, and foe mist hid me from yomr "sight Ab I looked rip de; I spauringiy, thlnldng every nroment would I be my laiitj/I noticed a hollow /'jn . foe cliff j oat aboye me, like foe month of a natural cavern, half-hidden by bramblee and fnrze-bashes. ' The thought flashed across me foat it most be foe entrance to foe old' Smugglers' ' Fastoge; rindfoat if I foffld' creep into it I ehonld be safe till yOa found ine." With soma difficulty, lor the opening was only Imit lkrge enorigh to admit me,, !, sqcroqdaff 3irtnrbhig a whole c6loriylS seagqlls who had bnilt their nests insids. Bat: another fdanger threatened me, which I oonld not foresee. I was beginning to getaccoBtomed to my position, and to feel thankful far my marja&l; escape, when I heard a curious BUUUU Ul DUD ffliu WJUVe tlip— » WWiMUg) I rending noise. A qnahtity of loose atonee and gravelcame rntoing down before.foe opening, half blinding me, and almost at. the saqre moment I fannd myself in total daTknesri A mass of rock rind earto ifatling irom the qpper part .of foe foff had - blacked np foe entrance making me a prisoner. .'At' '' first I hardly Jrrolitod I what had'happeqed, bnt when I found I that I was acjritily walled rip in the cliff j q dreadfnl fear seized me. Still I did not I yet despair. I resolved to make my waiy ' 1 »1<H foefpossage, Moping to findiahother l pntiet, in -the tower. It was, a, .steep j incKne; ' with' iqqgh.qteps rtiintocvids, and 1 it bronght me/ ea f expecteff fo ri' vfolt tBa.tofoyriorrnr/Icbrild Grid no. outlet I of any sort. I groped round toe damp I etorie walls again and again before I could I beUeve'it;fota'8ankdown,ris.if stunned.. I I pictnred' you all seeking for ine in vain ; I poor gfandpapa's grief— Noel's .despair. I.I thqqght wjrit my fate would be/dying 1 of slowieUrration in toe dreadful darkness j of that living tomb.' She broks, offshnddering ; then, after a motnent's.'pausej frentonagairi 'The. .time fragged by till, from sheer 'exhaustion, I foil into a deep dreamless" sleep, which : most .Java lasted many hoars. , At length! .woke wttoaleterttoriUingin evecynerve with B Btraoge -cqn-yiction foat Nod' was some- where cear/me. t srit rip, stretfoirig ont toy Sims in foe darkness, calling to him, imploring him -to come to me. , When S.t last, tareplipd, , the sudden joy "rind relief overoame me, and I fiunted.' - -' Never while I live shall I forget: what i, I fait when! :heajtfl yohr vciro,' sqidNoel, ina low- tone of , deep 'emotion. 'And yet ft wm stetoely stuprim! , I, too, had I toe same instinctive cqnyiction toat you were near met My spirit waa conations of yogis . , ' ... ;'.frv, '' . They dasped hande and were silent a mbment'; S silencel would ribtiriterrqpt, for !saw they were blissfirlly oblivions of rmy.'imeeriee!... ''.",„!! " ' Nod,' Winnifred whispered after a I pause,ljn a tone half playfo!, half serious, rind Whblly tender ; 'when yon offer me, .foe ring. : again! shall not xefose-.it. I think you believe now that! loveyou — a little f ' - ' 7 ' : . . I Was mad ever to! doribt.it; sb Mr. Glynn toldme. ."Bqt you need :not .-fear, : | Winnie,' he-added with a smile, 'the I 'grSfo- qyed rriibrirtd'.t'Jvfil: riever come between ris ogain. I have learnt a lesson in self-con trol that I. staff remember all 'iriy'life/'./ /! / /." : ?Thus, out ofevil comee »d,' I- put in seh'tentioudy. Brit listen ; I hear, foOtstepS'paUiide.? ' / . There was a momentri pause — sound bf frhiBpering voices) ttan the heavy door foddenly Bfrnngopen; and WalterBorlace j rippWed ori tta for old, ! !folloWed by foe ' qM.fehipowner Snd two'menj whom I, recognised as police-constables. ' Hastily siguing'tp Tremaine to place himself to that Winnies ngnre was hidr dor/! -advanced towards the' intrnders, who" Steemed ndt ri little astonished at my presencSc't-f - / What ' does, this rmqan!' -I inquired, looHng.frqm one to the other. . , . 'lit means, Mr. L»ynn, .toab these men faave a '"Warrant for the arrest of Noel Tremaine,' yonng Borlace answered. We trafoedh&rlherejyLrii-ti;'li Mky I ask Of'whrit' I rim sensed-!'- Noel interrapted, vnfo >< coolrieaB which seergedcto tafe.jtoem #11 by surprise. ' ' BefoB8'thB!;other«Joaldi»eply, Michael Cariyon stepped forward. He was a tall, ; sUtorkafr, and.<» h andsomefivsather-beaten - faro,ptie- and haggard jnstnow. isr.-,«- .... I ;ln,4nisn?gijajed vtice,1 ' they tell me that — that yon killed my ; d|ariing'inS . ,fit of jtolonsy — ' (titere was a sthbtofered Exclamation from foe btokr! grBqnd, vfoifoipaared .nnngced)' fcpt, now ! (look ypuin foe face I ean't believe jt tvmB aaqgdeijtjiyonffldnot— yon conla jnot.tave intended to — . ! , t Mr- -yon,' the yonng man answered earnestly,.;: but afoNwnto'foks my word for W /HiraTsG witness owho £ilf sprok for , v.rrs-'Z iA.'.<3>;ao : He stepped back, and sho wed — Winni- freff whO roee hastily to hhr feet, and qritcWy sbnt 'the shelter bf her grand: , fafoe:qiataT''/'V.' ; f/nBTT I aid- < j Bhall aot attempt: to Aascnbe .foe r Walter, ;Bqiiaros ritoazemept, , 5 rind foe; bewilderment of the two ptiiroi; con-, (toMeq,ta1ancMy6.|dtoSi i-;1 bno'i.yo fa j fo Wren/fos fiist feircitement : bad/ snb- iabtidsnt oecnrreff , repeated whatiras al, foe-qnertfota hearers.' -foen foe tad contittded, foc i , tod that to his cheek. . He bring his head, matter ing something inaudible. . After a mo ment's straggle with himself, however, he turned to his rivaL . 'Tremaine, I don't know, whether yon can ever forgive. me,' he began, awkward ly enough, but with evident sincerity. ' I feel heartily ashamed of my unjust suspicion, and- — ' Let ns shake and any. no more abont it,' Noel iriterrripted, suiting the aetjfui to, the worri 'Even if I were disposed to resent it, my heart is too fan of foankfalnessjast now to have room for any other feeling.' - - ' Well spoken,' said the old ahipowner heartily ; 'yon can afford to be generous my boy.. And now,' he added, 'foe sooner we get .home foe better for Hub yonng lady, who is looking like a little ghost.' - - 'Yon most please to consider foe Vi- carage yonr home, for to-night at least,' I put in. '. . f Thank you, Mr, Glynn, that's, kind. Can you manage, to walk so far, my dear, or shall Nqel cany yon f Winrne essayed a few- steps, then paused, looking white and faint. . .. / I think I stall have tp traet myself to Noel,' she said shyly, blushing bb she looked np at him. He stepped forward, nothing loath, lifting her as easily as if she had been a chili... - 'Yee,yon may traet yonreelf to me, my darting,' I heard him . whisper as he prosed ont. 'These aims, stall gnard and serve yoq faithful rill your life to come.' "Winnie made no . verbal reply, bnt foe sigh of rest . and contentment with which she let her head sink on his shoulder was an answer more eloquent .than words. . 