PROFESSOR A. E. RICE, THE MINED-READER. Professor A. E. Rice gave a second exposi tion of his ttuly wonderful powers at the Academy of Music last evening. The audience was considerably larger than on the previous evening, showing that the entertainment baa been greatly appreciated. The assemblage, though large, Was rflofit orderly, and evidenced the greatest interest in the proceedings throughout. The ■ curtain was . raised punctually ait 8 o'clock, when Mr Jen kins and a joiidg lady played on -the pianoforte a duet. Mr G. Florence followed with an admirable rendering of. the ever favorite song, “ Let me like a soldier fall,” ahd had to respond tp an enthusiastic encore. Miss Fannie Marston next sang in a really delight . ful manner a comic song, " Where is my Peter gone," and, in answer to an encore, sCUg, “ Killarney," The professor then made bis appearance, and was received with a hearty burst of applause. He gave a resume of what he intended to unfold, in a few brief but appropriate sentences. He then made a request for the most sceptical to test for themselves the power be claimed to possess, and asked for a most rigid investiga tion. The professor was then subjected to a number of severe tests, in which he succeeded in every instance to- the entire satisfaction of the audience. Whatever explanation may be given by some people, it appeared to be evident to'the audience that the professor has really the possession of some very marvellous powers. The mind read ing was especially wonderful —go won derful indeed that we do not as yet con: eider it wise to attempt to criticise the efforts of Mr Rica in aby way until we can see more of bis' performances. The first part of the entertainment was brought to'a close by Mr Weir ' rendering in capital style a song, “The farmyard,”, for which an encore was demanded. After a short intermission Mr 6. Florence again made hia appearance, ahd rendered a capital song' in his usual style. Professor Rice, again' appeared, and made several, startling exposures in connec tion with Mrs Ada Faye's alleged spiritualistic . efforts, and. -showed how to produce raps, Ac., without machinery in many different ways. He also showed how to placo an iron ring upon the arm of any'person while, bis two bands were clasped together. Another wonderful test was the mysterious untying of several knots in a silk handkerchief, the knots having been tied by the audience. The handkerchief in this case was held by a well-known citizen, who. appeared to bo rather sceptical, although apparently much, perplexed at the result. Professor Rice will again appear this evening with an entire change of programme, and will positively produce the materialisation at ghost scene ia advertised. In addition to the other attractions, the musical purtion of the enter tainment will be further supplemented by Mr Du Brenner, who will sing one or . two of his best songs. We can only Bay that Professor Rice's exhibition is the bast of the kind We have yet seen in Ballarat, and needs otlly tb be seen to be ftppfeiiatcd. . 