OUR VICTORIAN LETTER, fFrom our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, July 23. SirBryanO'Logblenhssbiswili atlast. He ia dow chief iu his own right. How long he will remain Premier is a question about which, however tanguino he.may be, even he must have some doubts. He will no doubt keep bia plaoe during good behavior, provided that such behavior have respect to the Conservative and not the Liberal side of the House. From the latter, although his quondam .associates and friends are to be found there, he has nothing to hope. To the "insult" of leaving them he , bas added the " injury" of putting them out of their places. Having committed the unpardon able in'this double degree, he wiil certainly Da both unwise and weak if he looks for quarter in that direction, The signs there auont are bo decisive that,, although the possession of nous is by no means his strong point, he will not be likely to make the mistake of ex pecting 'clemency from his former friends, but now most bitter foes. The temper of the Liberal party towards the new ultra-Liberal Premier may be gathered fromthe'fact that the Hon. .Robert D. Reid, who represented the Berry Government in the Upper House, has had the irrational temerity to resign his position in that Chamber for the purpose of testing conclusions with Sir Bryan in the 'West Bourke consbi-. tuency. Mr. Reid may succeed in ousting his opponent, in which case the oourse he has taken will of course receive, ample ;jus tification. In the mean time the. great majority "'of"persons will be disposed to regard him" as very ill-advised and fatuous individual. If he is returned it will be one of those political marvels whioh occasionally belie all reasonable calculations. He goes as a Liberal, Sir Bryan goes also in the same capacity, and being now a Minister of the Crown in the first position, it is natural to suppoje that he will divide that interest with his antagonist.1 It is fair also to infer that the constitutional vote, which nearly equals the other, will be largely recorded in his favor, for the reastfnsthat he has brought Mr. Berry's reign to an end, that he promises an era of peace, progress, and pros perity, and because the Catholic vote will certainly be cast in his favor.- The Constitu tional leaders have declined to contest the constituency for the avowed purpose, of giving him a fair chance. The treat-' roent which Sir Bryan has received from the Conservative side of the House stands in such strong contrast to that whioh he has met with from the other, and his continuance in office must depend so. entirely on those gentlemen that it is impossible to oonceive he will do other than use hiB utmost endeavor to retain their confidence and approval. It is not supposed that bis policy will be Conservative, but it is not likely that it will be inimical to Conserva tism. He says with perfect truth that the country has had enough of heroic and disquiet ing legislation for a time, and that what is wanted ia a plain, straightforward, and diligent attention to honest and practioal government. In so speaking he has-indicated the exact course, the via media in which his safety lies. ; So long as he . does not give offence to the Conservatives it is probable that with his own limited following and" the help of the more moderate on the Lioeral side, he may hold his own' loDgertban if his Government were slronger. There are some who seem to think that only a few of the new Ministry will, return from the country, ahd that in any case theirtenure of office will be of the briefest j but. that remains to be seen. The strength which Sir Bryan laoks in himself he may find in the antagonism which divides the two sides.of the House, and it is by lo means impossible that be may gratify his friends ami disappoint his foes in a degree wtiioh will transcend all present anticipation. Four of the Ministers—Mr. Dr. Dobson, Mr. Bent, and Mr. Youog—have already been returned unopposed, and it is not likely that the rout amongst those who remain will be of a very serions character. A somewhat embarrassing contretemps oc curred in connection with the election of Mr. Charles Young, of Kyneton, Minister of .Agri culture and Water Supply. The returning officer of this place is Mr. Nathaniel Bleucowe. "When I first knew this, geutleman he was a messenger at Port Adelaide in connection with a shipping agency there, after which he trans ferred himself to Victoria, and set up as a grocer in the small town of Kyneton. BeiDga man.of steady habits and of reputable oharacter he prospered so. well .that a short time ago he was able to retire on his earnings. The little public distinction which he gained served to mark him as a partisan of the Berry Govern ment, and thereafter " he was appointed itturning-officer for the dietriot. by Mr! Berry; By the Service Government he was superseded - en the ground of partisanship and unfitness, but. when Mr. Berry returned to power he was rain stated by that gentleman. In the case of the iatebt election, he so misread the Speaker's writ as to be led to state that nominations would be received a day later than they would really be receivable, and Mr. Oarlier, who professed to be anxiouB to oppose Mr. Young, misled by the announcement of the returning officer, lodged his nomination a day too late. Mr. Bleucome telegraphed to Sir Bryan asking what oourse he should pursue under the circumstances, and Sir BrjBD, prudently declining to commit himself to an expression of opinion, recommended him to secure' the best legal advice available. He did this, andin addition communicated with the Speaker. The reply in both instances was . that no mistake of his oould postpone or extond . the time legally fixed for receiving nominations. Mr.. Young was therefore deolared duly elected, oir. O&rolm; professed to be deeply incensed, but as he had not the ghost of a cuance as against Mr. YouDg this was regarded as so much gasconade. He dow saya that he will sue the FeturniDg-omC-frfowthe e^ppses t§ yfftwUhf. was put in cohhedfcloh with iiie election. Punch has made very merry,.over the affiair, and starts the enquiry as to how many of Mr. Berry's returning-officera can read aha ,7.rite ? It is a part of the penalty of politics that every active politician, in. proportion as he pushes his own views and interests, is dtst:ned to make enemies, but it is some compensation that the same process which makes foes on the one iede, makes: friends on the other. In the electioneering contest now in progress, there is one man who is a singular exception to this: general rule. The Hon, David GauusoD, for a few; brief days Minister of Lauds, has a unique political history, and as the result a fata which is significant enough to be highly monitory. He is supposed to have beeu included ia istie present team through the icflrence of the H ia, J. M. Grant, who is his brother-ia- Iaw.bub the very best service the electors of; Ararat- can do for Sir Brian O'Loghlen wili be to decline, to return his cantankerous protege*,-,He has beau such a treacherous and. insolent Ishtnaelite that be is almost without a friend on" either side of the House. He has boxed every"'.point of the political compass with an audafoity absolutely conscienceless, reckless of all 'deoenoy, and fighting for his own hand with a'nakedness which wonld seem to show that he ia as devoid of common sense as of consciousness He began his fool's game before"he bad been in the House a month, and ever, since he has perverted the ilutney of speech which might have been one of his best auxiliaries to the lowbst'-and most dis graceful uses He is, totally devoid of reve-. rence, courtesy, and honor, and1 has "done more than any other man to provoke a style of debate in the House which borders on itfce worst development of Old Bailey hectbriDg- and Billingsgate. He tried his hand first on Sir James' McOullooh, until this gentleman deolined to answer or notice him. He does npt pay the slightest respect to age or experience, or to the most hoLorable antecedents, but filings out like a . fithfag, and rails like a virago whenever a sensa of revenge or the hope of "reward, however rie mote, prompts him. He has betrayed, every perebn who has trusted him, and instead of blushing for his duplicity and" moral shallow-; ness' makes merry over his own degradation and shsme. Most men have some one who will say a good word for them, but not a voice ia lifted in this man's faro.".' The- Argus, the Age, and the Telegraph agree in stating that the one thing necessary tor the credit of the community, and for the vindication of free institutions is that he of all others.should be kept out of the House at ail costs. He is opposed at Ararat/" by the Hon'. - Wiliiam Wilson,-who is well and favoi ably known in that' district.' Whether he will be defeated or not remains to.be seen. He bas a flexible humor, a suave manner when he likes, is glib tongued, persuasive, and indomi tably industrious when it Buits hitu, It is not too n.uc'u to say that the feeling is so general and itrorg about this man that the interest ■ felt iin the election at Ararat is scarcely less than' that which is felt in West Bourke itself.. [Mr./Gaunson waB defeated.—Bd 1 Mr. Beiry was frequent and emphatic in aver ring! before his expulsion from office that th-re was jnothing he eo much desired as to bere leaied from the cares and responsibilities of public life. He had' worked so hard, and had? been so much fretted and disap pointed by unreasonableness and ingratitude where he bad a right to'look for some thing different, that nothing would please him i so muoh as retirement and rest. There is no doubt about his having been hard worked. He jmust have the faculty of doing what he doesj with comparative ease, or he could hardly manage to get through his numerous aud diverse tasks. There is as little doubt aHo about the ingratitude of which he complains, for apart altogether from that other question as to the country's debt to him, there are many to whose fortunes be has been a very dew ex machiva, but such is political life, and Mr. Berry might well be excuBtd in the mid-.t of the cares of the State, and the vexations ol conflicting parly ol&ims;, for looking with longing eyes to the havm of quietude and peace. Bat relief from the cares of Government does not seem to have brought to him the repose he sighed for. Habit is stronger with him than sentiment, arid, the case being' reversed, a reversal of feeling ensues. The occurrences of the last moDth have developed new claims, and the exigencies of party have brought for him new duties. He is no longer a young man, and might well be excused if he shifted his burdens somewhat on ether shoulders; but he is still to the fore,as ever, and his worst enemy cannot say of him 1 hat he is weary of such doiDg as he finds his acoount with. He throws himself into the breach by addressing public meetings whenever he thinks he can aid his friends and damage his opponents thereby. Some time ago when then the Reform Li ague had grown to dangerous proportions, and discus-sed' before hand what measures should orshould riotreqeive the support of the party in the House, and when it took a tone of dictation which was reatJy em barrassing. Mr. Barry was bold enough to avow ' the opinion that as the league had* accomplished the purpose for which it had been brought iu.ro existence, it should now be disbanded. This was at the time when Longmore was president and Mirama secretary. Later the signs of dis ruption in the League were bo unmistakable that these gentlemen retired from their posts, and the League seemed as though it would col lapse of itself entirely. Now Mr. Berry seems to think that it may still serve his purpose, and instead of repeating his. advice for its extinc tion,, he tries to rally the several branches and to galvanise the central League into life by becoming president of the once despised institu tion. A large meeting was held in the Tem perance Hall a few days ago, when the ex Premier recounted the services which he had renderedto the State with that happy temper of self-glorification, under the influence of which he ascribes to himself the very political achievements which he did his best to retard -and defeat. But he does it all with such an air of seeming earnestness and sincerity, and with such a force of simulated enthusiasm for "the^working man" that the working man unfortunately becomes again and again the victim of this adroit .and wary schemer, and seems to like it almost as much as the victimiser himself. It should be said that the programme of the new Premier gives very general satisfaction. His acquaintance with Mr. Berry and his con freres seem tohavetaught him something, and he has evidently learned wisdom by experience. He says, with something to show for it, that his faults were faults, not of heart or purpose, but of inexperience and temper, and he hopes to keep dear of these in future. Fortunately for his reputation he cannot be held to have had any complicity with the Black Wednesday episode, except as an accessoryafterthesct, and this more by default than by any attempted justification of that deed. He did not join the Berry Ministry until after that cowardly and dia bolical violerce had been perpetrated, and though no man oonld be held guiltless who .ooold in any degree countenance suoh outrage ous barbarity, it is a relief to those who wish to • welcome Sir Bryan back into decent, company ■' to reflect that be was not one of the authors of the moat disgraceful act that has marred the history of the colony, and that after becoming Attorney-General he always defended his de partment from any ruthless raid that his col leagues would fain have made. He is a still a Liberal, but so long as he is not a Red Radical be will not find that in his way, for the poli ticians in the House who are nob Liberals migh't be counted on (he fingers of one's hands. It is all nonsense to speak of any political party here as though they were Tories and obstructives; They are nothing of the kind. There is not a man amongst them whose political anti cedents and history I am not acquainted with; I have known them when thsy struggled painfully into life, when they got their first foothold, when the promise of their .fubare power was in the bud, when they were recogniied as ris'Hg men, and when they have risen to positioned' influence, and control amongst their iellows; and they have all risen by Liberalism, and intrenched themselves within it. The wisfat amoBgst them have discovered the limits and obligations by which Liberalism is con ditioned, and without which it could not exist; and some hold by freetrade, and some by pro tection, but it is absurd to snppose that there is anything like a party of obstructives and reactionaries in the colony, who would turn back the tide of progress, and revert to any former state of despotism. The only solitary individual that I am "acquainted with that could bo so classed is the President of the Legislative Oounoil, who is reported to have spoken of " that humbug . representative Government" in a private conversation with Sir ■ George Bowen, which privacy, by the WBy, was rather discreditably violated by Sir George. It is a burlesque on Liberalism, so called, that men like James Service and R. W. Smith should be spoken of as anti-Liberal because they are the out spoken ad vooates of freetrade, which in every other country is held to be the very passport; and standard to this designation. Sir Bryan's pro gramme may be'said to be thoroughly liberal, but that it is not too liberal for the Conserva tives these gentlemen have.given the best proofs of in their avowed intention to yield him a reasonable support in his. effort to carry on the business of the country, " Why did you not "join him?" said a legis lator in my hearing to a Coaegjvative member who hs? fought cons pic iouolj" for his own aide for several years. "I would hav£, joined him readily," was the reply, "if I [ badi known that peace, progress, and prosperity, were tC orde* $ay." The Berrj regime h&B; Certainly been the best possible preparation for. this promised new order, for if th6 people— not the mudlarks and larrikins of Collingwood Flat and of the back slams of Melbourne—but those Who really constitute the state were ever heartily tired of anything, it is of the fruitless uncertainty and turmoil that . have cursed onr politics and perplexed society during the last four years. The Catholics are to be placated by a commission to investigate the working of the. Education Aot. The free selectors are told that it is the intention to enlarge the area of selection to doable, the number of acres at present allowed, and the public are informed that while it will be'necas sary to borrow £12,000,000, two thirds .of this - sum will be used to take np a debt.soon falling due, sod as we can now borrow at 4 per cent.- a3 the most, the new debt will cost nothing tor i interest bey ond what we are at'present paying. The great defect of Sir Bryan's Cabinet is-that it' includes no man of ponspioUqus ability as :a financier. . . r, r ■• • . . '' -?e have had rather a curious example of • what 'may happen to a: mail in Victoria.1* JA' tradesman at Emerald - Hill wat-jealous of his .wife. A neighbor, butcher by trade, and former suitor of hers, was Cassius to.hia Othello. "His feeling took somewhat brusque and unceremo nious forms at times, especially when he'was under the influenc9 of frink, as he was wont, with the frequency provoked by his state of mind to be. The wife, whether guilty or inno-.! cent, was at least a woman of purpose, which she carried eut with a directness and vigor whiob showed that her heart was in it. Having secured the opinions of two local medicos, Dr. Jffla and another, on the case, - she lost no time in making a practical use of the ad vantage she has gained, and before he well knew where be was her husband found;himself shut up,in,the Yarra Bend as a lanatio. The man's friends got the ear of the authorities by same means; an investigation followed, with the resnlt that be was released as perfectly sane, and whose only insanity was that he had shown himself obtrusively .sensitive .to. his wife's'[ assumed predilection for his neighbor, the •butober. This was. not thought to be an extraor dinary thirg onder the circumstances. The thing that was held to be extraordinary was that a man could be so soon, and in such a convenient manner, put out of the.way on the single testi mony cf one. who appears net to have been without a motive for her conduct, and that two doctors could be found n ad or bad enough to lend themselves to the very shady scheme.' Maryborough promises to furnish a tragedy of some magnitude to our current history. A young girl entered the service of Mr. and Mrs. Hilder.'and was in time so "liked by them that they adopted her. Mrs. Hilder died, and Dr. Jackson, the medical adviser of the family, seems to have, established thereafter such au ascendency both over Mr. Hilder and his daughter that he did pretty nearly what he liked with. them. The other day the girl died from an overdose of chlorodyne administered by herself, but before doiDg this she stated that she was tired of life, and wished to get out of it, because she loved the doctor, whom she knew she ; could not marry, as be already had a wife and children. Subsequently Mr. Hilder had a ttory to tell. It was to the effeot that Dr. Jackson had given him drugs which stupefied him, that while he was io this state he borrowed £400 of him, and he believcb got him to execute a deed of gift in his favor, and to make him trustee for his daughter. The doctor's reply is that he repaid this £400 to Miss Hilder 5 .but as he has nothing to show f< r this, and the young lady is dead, this iB looked upon as a very lame aubterfuge. At present the-| whole tbing looks' something more than Bbady on his part. Whether the investigation wh'oa ' vrtrr fSe made will implicate or exonerate him remains to be seen. 