Tliero aro reliable accounts extant of the primitive modo of imprisonment, or rather detention, resorted to in the early days of tho colonies, when incorrigible convicts had to be dealt with, and civilisation was in its infancy in Australia. In those dark ages of colonial history, and even later, down, when the disco- vory of gold attracted some of tho worst of tho criminal classes to out-of-the-way locali ties, men had to bo chained up to trees during the night to prevent them escaping from custody. The practice under tho most un avoidable circumstances had a smack of bar barism about it which it is not pleasant even to read about, and no doubt many an innoccnthnnn had to put up with tho ignominy of being chained up like a wild bea6t. It appears, however, that in this present year of grace, accused people are linblo to quite as great an indignity, and the unavoid able barbarity of past years is repeated now in an intensified form, nnd under circumstances for which thoro is no valid excuse. Mr. Buchanan called tho attention of the Assem bly on Friday to the fact that persons who aro arrested on any criminal ohargo at Coon- amble are put into irons to prevent them escaping before tbe time comes when it can be docided by a court of justico wbotbor they are guilty or innocent of tbo crime of which they are suspected and accused. Tho lion, member assured tho House that ho had seen this, and thoro was no attompt mado to contradict him. Mr. Wisdom stntod that tho gaol officials at Coonamble had been requested to furnish a 'reporton the subjoot, and from the hon. gentleman's remarks it. may bo pre sumed that as soon as Mr. Buchanan's cotn- plaiut is corroborated by officinl statements, orders will bo givon to preseryo tbe " leg " irons" for tho use of sontenced convicts. One or two lion, members seemed to think that applying them to men, no matter whother thoy woro innocont or guilty, does not signify much. Mr. J. W. Foster, ex pressed the opinion that tho polico had a perfoct rigtit to keep prisoners in irons until thoy camn to trial if it was for safe custody, and Mr. J. P. Abbott pointed out that tliore was no other way of keeping tho prisoners, as tho Coonamble Gaol was a small one, and if they wero not put in irons they would have to be locked up in the cells without air or exercise. Some men, especially those who are innocent of the charge preferred against them, might prefer being hid away in a cell .until theirinnocence is proved, toboirig exposod like felons in leg-irons for the sake of air and exercise, and they shotild at least have tho tlie option of the cells or the irons. Our chief purpose, however, in referring to this outrageous practice at Coonamble is to call attention to it as an illustration of the unrighteous and tyrannical system under which men- and women are treated as criminals before their guilt is established. The- theory of- British justico is that every person shall be deemed innocent until he or she is found guilty. The , practice of official injustice is to treat them all as criminals until ' they convince a jury that they are respectable men or women. There is no occasion to go to Coonamble to see this principle in full operation, for a visit to Darlinghurst during the sitting of any criminal Bcssion there, will afford an opportunity to see: it at work. Those who are accused are not brought into court in irons, but they nro locked up in an iron cage after tho fashion of hyenas in a menagerie. From tho moment: anyone is arrested, even on suspicion, he or she is addressed a3 " tho prisoner," but why Bhould this term, which is so offensive to innocent people, not be abandoned, and that of " tho accused " be substituted for it. A " prisoner " who is ' locked up in tho cage at Darlinghurst is, in the estimation of average jurymen, half convicted, and, even if he is innocent, it is compara tively easy for tho Crown to supply sufficient evidence to fully convince tho twelve good men and true that the captive in the iron don is justly there, tho scale of injustico being turned by tho unfavourable impression created in the jurymen's minds by seeing the accused glaring through tho bars of his prvmaturo prison, and guarded by policemen, Before, behind him, and on ovory hand. This objectionable system of practically brand ing all accused persons as felons is, of course, not confined to the metropolis, ns it is in opera tion all over the colony. Other Court-houses may not bo disfigured by a cage which has so much the appearance of having been origin ally intended to be a wild beasts' residence ; but the exact construction of tho " dock " in which the " prisoner " is locked up docs not affect the injustice of the practice, which is only a practical dc- volonmont of the nrcuments which were re- cently used in the Assembly when Mr. Buchanan's motion to givo a person cliargod with a misdemeanoor tho right to challenge a certain number of jurors was under consideration. It was contended then that " prisoners have no rights," nnd that giving persons accused of felony tho privi lege to challenge jurymen wns merely an act of grace on the part of tho law. The Crown can challenge all round ns a matter of judicial right, and in its case the privilege is presumed to bo perfectly proper ; but what right hns a " prisoner," who mny be as inno cent as the Judge on the Bench, to challenge any of tho meu whom tho " Crown" may pick ont to prove him guilty 7 How many in nocent " prisoners" havo been insulted nnd humiliated nnd temporarily degraded by boing treated as criminals merely 011 tho strength of tlioso suspieions which occasionally haunt the detective mind. If wo nro asked how is the evil of which wo complain to bo rectified, our answer is there are two or thrco ways of doing it. On tho principle that it would be better to let several guilty people escape rather than punish one innocent one, it would be an improvement to imprison no euspectcd culprit in open Court rather tlian degrade the innocent. This cxtreino need not however bo gono to. Men nnd women who have been in gaol before have no cause to complain if thoy aro put into tho dock " nnd spoken of ns prisoners and a line might be drawn between those who had boon previously convicted nnd persons charged with criino for the first time. But there is another distinction which might be drawn. Numbers of persons who aro charged with felony or misdemeanour are allowed out on bail until their trials com mence, and surely, if they stand high enongli in the estimation of responsible citizens to bo ablo to enjoy their liberty pend ing their trial, they might be allowed to appear on tho floor of the Court nntil its conclusion. Tho latter would bo a reasonable provision to introduce into the Criminal Law Amendment Bill now before Parliament, for thougli it might not snvo every innocent person from the humiliation to which all " prisoners " arc now subjected, it would at. least protect a numbor of tliem from boing exhibited in the Courts of justico throughout tho colony as tho victims of n system which is as unnecessary as it is general, nud ns degrading ns pro miscuous. According to several lion, members of tho Assembly tho btato lina no right to recogniso an cquitnblo domnud, or pny a just debt, pro vided tho person making tho claim lias been kept out of his rights for. over a quarter of a century ; or provided further that dealing justly with ono man might induce another who has also been unfairly treated to try nnd get justice done to him. These are tho two arguments on tho strength of which an effective opposition wns raised 011 Friday night to tho proposal to grant Mr. A. F. Wilshiro tho sum of £2000 as compensation for the losses ho sustained through tho destruction of his business in consequcnco of Act of Parliament passed in 1849. The subject was brought undor tho notico of tbo House by Jlr. Farnell, who moved that tho sum we have named should be placed on the estimates for tho pnrposo Rpeciflei. In doing so tho hon. mombor frnnkly admitted that some years ago lie had voted against n similar pro position, but otatcd that he had done so in comparative ignoranco of tho merils of Jlr. Wilshiro's claim. Sir lienry Parkos briefly reviewed tho case, with which ho said lie had been familiar for more than 20 years, and ex pressed his intention to support the motion, which wouhl probably havo been carried without a division had tho objections to it, which wo linvo referred to," not boon raided. Somo hon, members consider that it is a dangerous thing to admit claims for compen sation arising out of matters which occurred SO years ago, nnd thoy pointed out that if Mr. Wilshiro wero successful thoro would bo other " similar claims made." Wo; would liko ,'to ask what " danger " attaches to either an individual or tho State by tho payment of a just debt, no matter how loug it has been overdue 7 If Mr. Wilshirc's demand is a fair one, tho 80 years which havo passed sinco the claim aroso only strengthen the claimant's position. Surely, if the homely proverb " bottor Into thnn never " applies to anything it dooB to such a case bb this, and wo feel assured that if hon. members reconsider the matter thoy will come to tho conclusion that if a liability has been incurred by tho Stato it cannot be repudiated on the ground that it lias boon loug standing. Touching tho other objection raised, that of tho proba bility of other "similar" claims 'being Bent in if Jlr. Wilshire's is recog nised ntul paid, tho manifest answer is that of Jlr. Wilshiro's is a just ono, and any other man can establish a " similar" one, by all means let him bo paid too: It would bo a curious principlo to act upon that if tho Stato is honestly indobtod to two individuals neither of them should bo paid, for fear tho other should apply for settlement as well. But about theso " similar " cases— where aro they to come from, or who is to set ouo up ?: What, other tradesman in Sydney,, or the coldnv, had a business broken up, which was more than half a century established, by nn Act of Parliament passed, ns one lion, member put it; " for the good of the "public?" Who is thoro besides Mr. Wilshire, who complained of an injury 31 years ago; nnd has during tho last 20 years been presenting l»a claim to Parliament for adjustment. Is there any other pro bable or possible " similar " claimant who can show that bis. case hns been brought beforo Parliament on five different occasions, on each of which hon. members were so satisfied that a prima facie caso was established that five select -committees were appointed to inquire into its merits — tho two first of which lapsed through prorogation and the third through the dissolution of Parlia ment. Tho last of the series reported that the claim " demanded the nttention of the " Government " and can any other claimant show a report like this as the result of a long series of attempts to obtain what he considered justice. If there is nny ono who can submit n claim " similar " in these respects to Jlr. Wilshire's ho should certainly set it up and no doubt Mr. Farnell will take it in hand, as williagly, and Sir Henry, Parkes support it as cordially as they did that of Jlr. Wilshire, It is simply im possible that a " similar " case can be submitted, nnd tho records of Parlia ment would bo quite sufficient to answer the application of any speculat ing party . who might be disposed to " try it on". with a claim should Jlr. Wil shire's bo admitted — or rather paid, for it has beon virtually admitted , in five different sessions of the Assembly. The most valid objection taken to recognising tho claim now was the ono based on the faet that in 18G8, thrco years after the recommendation of tbo Select Committee, tho Bum now asked for was placed on the Estimates, and tho vote was negatived by 10 votes to 9. In a petition he recently pre sented to the Assembly Jlr. Wilshire states " several of tho members who voted in ;tho " majority havo assured mo that had they " been moro fully informed they would have " voted differently." In confirmation of this we havo Mr. Farnell coming forward nnd taking tho lead in an attempt to undo what I10 nssisted to accomplish by giving his vote against Jlr. Wilshire ; and it wonld bo interesting to know how many moro if the 10 are on tho stool of repentance along with the hon. member for St. Leonards. The motion to plaoo the £2000 on the Estimates was carried on Friday night by tho casting vote of tho Chairman, there having been 17 for and 17 against the proposal. It will, therefore, come before lion, members again when the Estimates arc under consideration, and, ns we havo already intimated, unless better arguments are submitted against Jlr. Wilshire's claim than those wo linvo been considering, for tho credit of the colony the money should bo paid. It is satisfactory to find that the Sydney JInnicipal Council is at length upon the right track in rospect to tho improvement of the city footpaths. Alderman Withers has given notice of his intention to move at the next meeting of tho Council, which takes place to morrow, " That the City Solicitor bo in- " structed to preparo a Bill to amend the " Corporation Act in reference to the pnving " of tlie streets, so ns to leave the power of " laying pavements entirely in tho hands of " tho Council at tlie cost of tho tenants " or owner, ns tho caso may be.'' Tberc can bo 110 doubt that if this system is adopted the public footpaths will 600n present a very different appearance to what they do at present. Under existing arrangements, everyone makes his own foot- pntli, and ho does so pretty much as ho pleases. Hence we find not only chess- board patterns in respect to the material used, but it is laid nt all conccivablo angles and levels. In ono placo there is a fall from the building lino to tho kerb about equal to tlie pitch of nn ordinary roof, wbilo in another place there is no fall at all. This uncertain nnd inconvenient condition of things is occasioned by the circumstance thnt every householder is his own engineer and suits his own ideas as to whnt a footpath ought to be. If this work wero carried out by tho Corporation under an Act of Parliament it would not only bo done in a uniform nnd crcditablo manner but tho cost would be considerably smaller. It stands to reason that tho patchwork system of paving a few yards nt a time mn3t be mora expensive than calling for tenders for wbolo blocks, and we havo the evidonco of our senses that it is ns bad as bad can be. Tho City Surveyor, no doubt, does tho best ho can to modify tlie oecentricitios of amateur engineers, but I10 can not be everywhere nt once, taking individual lovels for every house, so thnt however anxious lie may bo to secure good footpaths ho can not do so. If Jlr. Withors' motion is agreed to, and tho work is placed in the hands of the proper official, tliero will be somebody responsible, and we shall be in a fair way to reniovo tlie reproach nt present attaching to the footpaths of the city. The disgraceful milcc of larrikins in tho Botanic Gardens yesterday afternoon, when nn open air preacher was set upon, proves that the regulations posted up in that public roscrvo aro consistently disregarded almost with impunity. The man who was assailed by the mob lias his own grievances to settle, but the crowd who pelted him must havo trodden down tho grass and young plants in the gardens, and thus have broken tho regulations, and their disorderly oondust should havo been checked by the arrest of a few of their number. The keepers aro very particular about threatening to expel quiet persons who smoke on tho grounds, hut mobs of larrikins they hold in wholesome dread. No doubt an argument will bo used that tho tho open air oxhortcr was tho prima cause of tho disgraceful exhibition, but this has nothing to do with tho matter. However undesirable it may be for tho cause of religion to bo ridiculed by open air preachers, 1111 individual has as much right to exhort in a public park as a politician has to discuss griev ances, and, ns n fraction of tho public, and therefore part owner of the reserve, I10 should bo protected ugainst cowardly ami brutal as saults. If somo of tho ringleaders of the larrikin 1110b who yesterday assaulted the preacher, oJl'endod decency by their language, and injured tho gardens, had boon arrested, or if even a fow of tho mob themsolvcs lmd boon taken into custody, a ropotition of tho occur rence might to a certain extent havo boen pro- vontod. As it is, tho larrikins got olf soot free, and it is only probable that 0110 or two will bo rocbgnised sufficiently to onsuro a con viction against them. In another column willbo found tho first of a series of homo lotters, which wo proposo to publish for despatch by tho Ban Francisco and alternate Suez mails, 'J ho mail per R.M.S. Ilydaspes oloses at tho General l'ost Office, Sydney, at half-past 4 o'clock Hub afternoon. Our cablegrams to-day state that the occupation of tho city and forts of Tunis by the French has been completed. Tho term of oeeupation has not yot been announced, Tho Liberal counter- demonstration at Leeds took place on Friday evening. There was an immense assomblago pre sent, nnd Mr. Gladstone made a lengthy speech. Ho referred principally to the English land laws, and declared there was no necessity to apply to England nuy remedies such ns were necessary in Ireland and provided for by the Irish Land Act. Ho acknowledged, however, that some change wns necessary in the existing relations between land lords and tenants, to relievo the latter of the many burdons under wbieli tboy laboured. Laler tolegrnms announce thnt a great banquet in connection with the Liberal demonstration in Yorkshire has been hold at Leeds, at which Mr. Glndstono and other prominent members of his party wero present. Tho Premier made a long aud impressive speech on the occuuion,in wliioli he reforred nt great length to tho existing stato of nffnirs in Ireland, llo atliilmtcd much ot tho diseontont of tho past year to tho notion ot thoro psiudo-patiiols vlia agitated the minds of tho people, and denounoed- in. strong terms the con- duct of Parnell -nnd his collegnes. Mr; Gladstone declared that tho issue of the present time In that dis tressed country lny between law on one side, nnd law" IcEsness on the other. He contrasted what he termed Parnell's "gospel of public plunder combined with degrading nnd immoral doctrines" with the loyal Utterances of Daniel O'Connell, nnd urged that the conduct of the one leader could not bear anv comparison with that of the other. Referring more directly to the measures recently taken io remedy tho real grievances of the Irish peasantry; the Premier said that the passing of the Land Act had entailed new and special duties on the Govern ment, nnd that it wns incumbent upon them to en force the laws for the maintenance of the public peace, 'and that tho Government were determined to use the powers conferred upon them, ln conclusion he made nn'. enrnest appeal to all classes to givo tlio authorities a cordial and active support in tho great crisis which was now impending. . .The speech wns received with much enthusiasm. A Cabinet Council has been sum moned for Wednesday next. This early meeting so soon after the prorogation of Parliament has excited some surprise, and it is believed that tho Ministers have been called together in consequence of the aspect of Irish affairs. Tho renewal of the . Anglo-French commercial treaty has been undor discussion by tho cham- bers of commerce of the. towiiB in the north of England, and those bodies lave addressed the Premier on tho question. In a reply, mado nt Leeds, Mr, Gladstone stated that in dealing with the renewal of the treaty the Government would neither sacrifice flnv nf flan principles which they bad always contended for nor conclude a retrograde treaty with France' The reply wns received with satisfaction. Affairs in Afghanistan continue satisfactory for Abdur Rahman. That potcntato has determined to push forward towards Herat, with the object of occu pying tho roads nnd interrupting tbo communica tion of Ayoub Khan. Several bodies of trooDs have been despatched to Girshk, On Saturday' a groat liberal meeting wns again held at Lced's at which Mr. Gladstone made a second speech, re viewing at length tho policy of his Government since they took office, nnd their policy in Afghanis tan, Egypt and the Transvanl. The appeal of the Volksrnnd against the terms of poneo proposed will bo considered at tho Council meeting on Wednes day. The weather yesterday wns unusually warm, with n brisk north-cast wind. Towards evening the sky became clouded, nnd the barometer went down to 29.91, but up to 3 o'clock this morning uo rain had fallen. Six fresh cases of small-pox are reported by the medical staff as follows A child, aged 2 years, of Mr. Ilayes, of 2, Plunkctt-strect, Woolloomooloo ; Mrs. Willis, wife of Win. Willis, Field of Mars ; Mr. Ward, grocer, corner of Catherine and Lodge-street?, Glebe ; nnd three of Sir. Durnford's children, of Pyrrnont. The Pinafore steam launch conveyed Mr. Durnford nnd three children who are well to the Quarantine stntion yesterday morn ing between the hours of 11 and 12 o'clock. There was nothing to indicate that tho launch was the boat employed for the conveyance of small pox patients, the (lag nt her stern having through wear become the colour of dirty canvas. The re sult was that several small craft were cruhing in very close proximity to her, and wero only aware of tho fact when her name could bo distinguished. She was lying in Woolloomooloo Bay for a con siderable time previously, during whieli the traffic in the bay was brisk, Alderman John Young lias given notice of 1 is intention to move at the m- eiing of the Sydney Municipal Council to-morrow, "Thnt the report of the Finance Committee, recommending thnt tlie contractors, Messrs. .Smith and Bennett, and their sureties, for plastering the corridors and rooms 011 the ground floor of tho Town Ilall, bo called upon to take down all defective work and reinstate the whole of the work in n Found nnd workmanlike manner, to Hie full and entire satis faction of the City Architect, at their own expense, he adopted." The general Synod of tlie dioceses of the Church of England in Australia and Tasmania meet this nfternoon nt -4 o'clock nt the Church Society's house, Phillip-street. There will he a full choral service in St. Andrew's Cathedral nt 11 a.m. The senior Bishop, the diocesan of Adelaide, will preside at the opening of the Synod. Prayers will then be offered by the president, after which the roll of bishops, clergy, and lay representatives will ho called over. The presideut will then address the Synod, nnd the standing orders will be adopted. A motion for the appoint ment of two secretaries, one clerical and one lay, will next berandc; as also motions for tho appointment of tho finance committee and tlie chairman sot committees. Reports will then be read from the bench of bishops with refer ence to n tribnnnl for trial of bishops, and from tho hoard of missions. The following will give notices of motion Canon King (3), tho Diocese of L'crth, Canon Stephen, Mr. Alex. Gordon, the Bishop of B illarat (2), Archdeacon I'.irr (2), Canon Selwya (2), the Archdeacon of Lauucestou (2). Notices of questions and motions generally will tlieu come on for consideration. The opening of the yachting season was duly celebrated by the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron on Saturday, when a dinner was given at Cremorne, and a very enjoyable day spent. Our report of the proceedings is unavoidably held over. A most disgraceful scene was witnessed yester day afternoon in that usually quiet resort, the fir- tanic Gardens, arising out of Mr. Cocks' Sunday harangues. This gontlemnn's stylo of address has the effect of collecting a number of " roughs," who consider the opportunity good for " fun" by jeer ing, hooting, and bantering the speaker. To get rid of his persecutors yesterday ho retired to tho Gardens with n friend. They entered tho front gate followed by some hundreds of young men, who pressed hard upon Cocks ;and when ho arrived nt the centre gate between the upper and lower sections lie placed himself against the gate. Tho hooting and jeering continued; tho garden keepers interfered, nnd one of them was jostled and his au thority utterly defied. Ladies looked on in amaze ment at the strange sccno enacted in their favourite quiet. The passages from ono gar den to the other wero quite blocked ; herders nnd flowerbeds were trampled on, nnd shrubs wero ruthlessly destroyed. It is full time such practices as theso were stopped, not only in the Domain but in all other public resorts. It would have been much more satisfactory had ono or two arrests been mndn flO ft ivnrninrr fs\ tlin n « vAitrstre A Sunday evening lecture was delivered by Mr. James Greenwood nt the Theatre Royal last night on tho subjoot of " Tho Bible examined in its own light : Its origin ; its accidental Uanonicity ; lis cluim to Supernatural Inspiration ; its value as nn instrument of education ; its place in Literature, Tlie subdivisions of tho lecture were — " Is the Bih.o a criterion of Truth for Man, or Man for the Bible. " If the Bible is its own Witness, in what Court is its Evidence given 1" " Which is greater— tho Witness or the Judge?" The lecturer dealt with each section in nn interesting manner. Repeated complaints have been made to tho police of lato that gentlemen's overcoats havo been stolen from the passages nnd public room9 of the principal hotels in the city. At least 20 such eases were reported during tlie past month. Tho police linvo at last caught one offuuder, whoso jfilfcring propensities have led him to appropriate somewhere about 15 overcoats, and other articles of wearing apparel from different hotels and club?, to which lie gained easy nccess unobserved. He is a German, named Adolph Bladel, and he was formally introduced to the magistrates at tho Water 1'olice Court on Saturday morning, when nbout 15 charges of this nature were entered against him. Only ono case, however, was heard — that of stealing an overcoat value 23?, the property of William Fisk, from a hotel, for which, being found guilty, he v.-as sentenced to two month's imprisonment. Several other charges will be preferred against him this morning, the first boiug the theft" of an overcoat -belonging to Mr. Jamicson. There was a large attendance at the Cullogo Hall, in the School of Arts, ou Saturday evening, when n lantern reading oil Italy was given. Tho view3 wero certainly magnificent, and afforded much pleasure, but tho descriptive rcadiug was not so good as it might bavo been. Tho scenes represented in Rome, Milan, Florence, Nice, I'isa, Naples, and other Italian cities, wero por trayed w'ilh remarkable clearness, nnd evoked much nppluuso, A very unfortunate accident occurred 011 board the ship Salamanca, lying at Dibbs' Wharf, on Saturday afternoon, whereby a sailor named Hugh Owens, 2U years of age, n nativo of Wales, will probably lose liis life. Ho wns descending from the fore-hntch into tho main-hold, nnd losing bis balance, ho fell a distance of 20 foot, upon some iron pipes, fracturing his skull nt tho base. When taken up lie only muttered Bomo words, being almost unconscious. He afterwards vomited blood. The shipping doctor was in immediate attendance, and advised hia removal to the Infirmary, where on arrival he became unconscious. Upon_ inquiry at the institution at a lato hour last evening wo were informed that ho had regained consciousness, but was in a critical condition. Last evening n iiorso attached to n buggy bolted opposite Kiss' stnbles, in CnBllcrongh-strect, and proceeding as far ns tho old Victoria Hall, tho vehicle collided with a lamp post, throwing tho occupants, Mr. F. Hnlliwell (late of tho Opera Compauy, Theatre Royal) and a lady, on to tUo pavement. Mr. Hnlliwell sustained 11 severe abrasion of tho face, besides several bruises (while tho lady wns not so much hurl), nnd was conveyed to Bowtlon'a Club Hotel, where ho was staying at tho limo of tho accident. Tho annual picnic of tho employees of Mr. John Sands look place ut Pearl Bay 011 Saturday, and was a most enjoyable affair. Tho l'rinco of i\nlc3 wns chartered to convey tlie party, nnd a goodly number, including tho numerous staff of tho es tablishment in question, their friend?, and other gnss's, left Circular Quay at ubout 9 ",. .w'ien Pearl Bay was reached the excursionists disem- barked And congratulated each other on their luck in having such a lovely day for their holiday. A breakfast, or luncb, urns first of all partaken of, after which many of tho e present dispersed over tlie shore, or among ti c wild flowers. Others again preferred tho dance and in spite of the heat, kept tip the merry round, choosing partners for the gliding mazurka, tic mitzy valse, the social qliadrille, the lancers; lind the artistic highland fling, Messrs. Lyons and McGuinness acted as masters of ceremonies and gave general satisfaction throughout. After cricket, round games, etc., had been played till long past noon the excursionists wore rallied up to partake of dinner, spread fit fresco. Mr, Sidney Carter occnpied the chair and Mr. J. W. Spiccr tho vico chair. The spread having been done full justice to, the toasts of " tlie Queen " and " the Firm " were proposed, both being honoured with onthusinsm. Mention was made of the consideration alwayB shown by Mr. Sands to his employees, and it was im pressed upon the latter that while they con tinued to merit that consideration, tlicy would always be comfortable and content. At 1 p.m. tea and coffee were handed round ; and at 0.30 p.m., or a little later, the steamer left again for Circular Quay, conveying a party who had enjoyed themselves to the utmost. The authorities who aro cleaning out the sewer at the junction of Lackey-street and the Railway Pier Hotel, near the Atlas Company's works, Ultimo, should pay some little regard to the public health. Tito work has been going on for tome weeks, and all this time tho stinking refuse dredged out has been left in a huge heap on the roadway to, poison tho air of the neighbourhood with the most noisome exhalations. Now that tho warm weather is coming on, fevers may bo ex pected to become common in the locality if the stuff is not deodorised. This'ought to bo done at once, as the refuse in its present condition is undoubtedly a public nuisance. At about half-past 8 on Saturday morning John Combes, 30 years of ago, and who acted in the capacity of groom in the service of Mr. A. Craig, omnibus proprietor, of Balmaiu, was found dead on the floor of his bedroom. He had been drink ing to excess for some time past. A post-mortem examination will be held this day, and an inquest subsequently at the Observer Tavern, Lower Clcorge-street. The usual weekly temperance meeting was held in the Alliance's Nsw Hall, Pitt- street, on Wednes day. Mr. John Roscby, M.P., presided. The meeting was under tho auspices of the Rechabitcs, viz., " Tho Captain Cook Tent." Most of the officers appeared in regalia. The meeting was addressed bv Mr. Morgan, the Tent secretary, nud Mr. J. 8. Ehearston. Recitations were well rendered by Mr, Thos. Notting and other oNccrs of the order. A more orderly and enthusiastic meeting could hardly bo found. The room was comfortably fillo.l Mr. D'Arcy Reid and his ghosts alill continue t amuse tho public nt tho Victoria Hall, and on Hnturday night the " Haunted House," the "Water Nymphs," and "Beauty and the Beast," succeeded in" pleasing a very large circle of admirers, The same programme is nnnounecd for to-night. An American paper mentions : — " Ex-Alderman Clancy, of Ottawa, gnve nn exhibition recently in the presence of thousands of spectators of his re cently-invented flying machine, which is worked by a crank, nud has wings. Starting from St. Anne's Church, he managed to keep in tho air, at tho average height of 12 feet, for n quarter of a mile. The exhibition created considerable excite ment, and tho inventor is proud pf his success, nttd boasts that he will ha able shortly to accomplish the desired results. He proposes flying across the Ottawa River on Dominion Bay from the tower of tho Parliament Building. Clancy lias been nt work for 30 years nt his machine, wkioh ho will hare at once patented." An extraordinary general meeting of tho South Pacific Petroleum Company (Limited) will be held at the office, 31 Clarence-street, on Friday, Mth instant, at 3 p.m., to consider the alteration of certain rules. Tho semi-annual ordinary meeting of the company will be held immediately after the extraorilinarv general meeting, when directors will be elected, and the usual business transacted. Tho lialmain regatta is announced to he held on the tlth November. Dr. Steele's second lecture on the "Highlands of Scotland will be delivered in the Scots' Church on Wednesday evening. The annual meeting of the Now South Wales Insti tution for tho Deaf, Dumb, aud Bliud, will be bold nt the institution, Ncwtown-road, on Monday, 17th instant, nt 3 p.m., when His Excellency the Governor will preside. Tho half-yearly meeting in connection with the Illawarrn Steam Navigation Company i? advertised to take place on Wednesday, October 20, nt 11.30 a.m., in the Chamber of Commerce. The report of the directors will be brought forward and other busi ness transacted. Mr. .Tolin Sands' Christmas cards, engraved front the prize designs, Ac., sent in for the recent competition will be offered for saloon and after Monday, 17 th instant. 