AMUSEMENTS. At the Theatre Itoval, last night, " Eureka " was repeated, and with perhaps greater success than on the occasion of its original production here. All the shortcomings generally lioticablc in first night performances were removed, and tne play was most lavornbly received. " Eureka " will constitute the piogramme this evening. At the Gaiety Theatre last night, "Mother-in- Law " was once more produced, aud with success. Every point in tire comedy told well, and occa sioned much amusement. Tire programme eon- eluded with a sparkling little comedietta entitled " Who's to Win Uim," in which tbo characters were sustained by Messrs. Stewart, and Rootiiman nnd the Misses Melrose, Jenny Desmond. Horan, and Iiowartli. Miss Melrose played capitally, and we must highly commend tire arcii vivacity displayed by Miss Jenny Desmond. Tire same programme will he repeated this evening. The Opera House was -again well attended last evening, when " Luerezia Borgia," which was produced with such matlted success on Friday and Hfturday cveniugs, was repeated, and its success was fully as groat us on the first niglil: of its represen tation. From first to last the opera wont splen didly. Miss Montague, as Luerezia, acted 'with that intensity which marks nil her performances, and which stamps her as one of the finest lyric artists who ever visited this city. Mr. Turner gave an excellent rendering of tire part of Gon- naro, while the impersonation by .Miss Lambert of Maffio Orsini was a very Dleasing one. The prin cipals were ably supported, and the opera was so highly successful that it will be repeated this evening. It may undoubtedly Ire termed the suc cess of the season. The popular Irish drama "Quid Krin " drew another good house at the Queen's Theatre last evening, the interest created in its production by the author, Mr. Walter Reynolds, having in no small degree increased during the third week of its occupation of the hoards of this theatre. The cast remains the same with the exception of one part, viz., Michael Ferris, which was ably represented hy Mr. Charles Burford, an old Sydney favourite, and who was met with quite an ovation on his appearance on Saturday, after an absence of ten years from Sydney. The hero of the plot. Denny Doon, was skilfully pourtrayed by Mr. Reynolds, who is always to the fore in the interests of his linneee, Oona Consi- dinc (Miss M. Willis), lo whom he exhibits a never-failing constancy nnd fidelity. Miss Willis executes with a large share of talent, the confiding and honest daughter of the Emerald Isle ; while the vile machinations of the perfidious process- server. Critch Rhua, are, nt the bnfrds of Mr. J. I\ O'Neill, a source of merriment from commence ment to finish. Mr. Stonclinm fills well the portion allotted to Archie Daley, who, disinherited by his stern parent, an old land-owner, at last is in the position of forgiving his hitherto implacable father. Mr. Keogh, as Dr. Fitzgerald, is highly amusing in the explanation of the cure of bis patient, which he delivers interspersed with a liberal sprinkling of medical " liighfnlutin." The tout ensemble of tho piece is exceedingly sensational, and sparkles with Hiberninnisnis right through. " Ould Erin " will be reproduced this evening. There was a large attendance at tho School of Arts on Saturday night, when I'rofcssor William Miller, the champion athlete of tho world, took a farewell benefit tendered him by his Into partner, Professor D'Hnrcourt, and the pupils of the Sydney Gymnasium. The programme pre sented was a varied and entertaining one, embracing exercises on the horizontal bar, singlesticks, foils, Indian clubs, tire parallel bars, dumb- bells, and wrestling. The programme was well carried out, and fully appreciated by tho audience. Selections of music were rendered during the evening. This evening, a concert is to take place in the Masonic Hall, in aid of the funds being collected for the relief of the sufferers by the recent sevorc gales in the north of England and Scotland. Among the contributors to tho entertainment are the Misses Kate Horniman, Bessie Harrison, E, A. Foxall, and a lady amateur -, and Messrs. T. if. Rainford, Frank Brewer, H. R. Woods, W, K. Baker, J, A. Herman, II. M'Mnbon, and E. nnd N. Gebde. Professor Edward Gehde i3 tha musical director, and Miss Hayes-Williams will act as accompanist. It will be seen that the services of the best available nrtistcs have been secured, and an excellent entertainment is promised. But be yond this, the claims of the charitable object in view should bo enougii to ensure an overflowing house. An entertainment of an unusually interesting and very novel character was given in the School of Arts last night, in the presence of a crowded audience. The first part of the programmo con sisted of performances on pipes, fiddles, banjoes nnd fifes, which were interesting, In that they were said to be a perfect example of tho music of tho Flowery Land played by people acquainted with its beau ties or attractions. Ah Gow gave an extraordi nary impersonation of the oharnpters of " Poverty, Wealth, nnd Kingdom," nnd How Dock, appearing as a tcmaie, sang anct delivered in recitative, a lover's lament. The second portion of tho enter tainment was a Chinese opora, entitled " Treason in the Palace." No doubt the author and the actors and actress engaged in tho representation carried out the intention conveyed by the title, but it was rather difficult to follow the plot, or to understand tire dialogue. How ever, those engaged in the representation enjoyed it, nnd nppenrcd to think their audience agreed with them. It will be repeated ttaia evening. A specialty in tho entertainments is a distribution of valuable presents. Mr. Wilson's Circus, which has always been a very popular entertainment throughout tbo colonics, is shortly to bo reintroduced to the Syd ney publio. Mr. D'Arcy Read's " Ghosts" continue to amuse good audiences at the Victorin Hall. On Saturday afternoon Mr. Leon Caron's cele brated cantata " Victoria," produced originally at the opening of the Melbourno Exhibition, is to be performed at the Garden Palace. Among the artistes to take part in it nro Miss Annis Montague, Miss Eva Davenport, Mdlle. Charbonnet, Mr. CliarlcB Turner, Mr. Edward Farley, and the mem bers of tire Montague-Turner Opera Company nnd the Sacred Choral Association, 