TH-IE RIVALS. There are gayer and more fashionable watering places'than llfracumbe, in Eng land, but there are none that offer such attractions to the lover of the beautiful. Nowhere does the sea break on such bold rocks; nowhere are there such deep clear pools, such lovely seaweed, such treasures of sea- flowers and anemones; nowhere such a shore to ramble on and climb over. In point of drives and excursions inland and along the coast there are few places like it; but its great glory is its sea and its rocks, its pools and its seaweeds. Such, too, was Gerald Maylields's opinion ; and he appreciated it the more because he en joyed the beauties and hunted for the seaweeds and anemones with Maud Hene age. They were not old acquaintances. It was but a fortnight since they had t arrived upon the outside of the coach from Barnstaplo together. So pleasant had been that journey to the young man u that he had at once decided to stay at the Grand Hotel, where Maud and her mother I were going to stop, instead of going into F lodgings, as lie has before intended. 1 Gerald Mayfield was junior partner in the house of Mayfield and Harper, Aus tralian and Cape merchants. His father had been the head of the firm, and at his death Gerald, who had just left college, 1 came into the business. He was now u thirty, a tall, strongly-built matn, with a s quiet manner. Not a handsome man, i but with a good deal of character and re- d solution in his face. Until lie saw Meaud t Reneage he had never been really in love. He had always supposed that he should o marry some day or other, but had gone v on leading a quiet club life, and had been J but little in the society of women. During 1i this fortnight he had been almost con tinually with Maud Heneage, sometimes y with her mother as a companion, some- a times with a party of three or four others I from the hotel, occasionally by them- hi selves, or rather chaperoned only by Mrs. Heneage, sitting on the rocks in the c distance reading. By the end of that time le loved her with all his heart, but a as yet he had hardly even begun to won- a der whether she would in time come to n love him. a Before breakfast Gerald always went for his swim, walking round to the cove, im and co?inig back by the row-boat across G to the pier. He was a strong swimmer, ri and his custom was to swim out through the mouth of the little inlet into the ' rougher water outside. One morning a ol bather went out just before him, and as swain steadily seaward. "That fellow A will be getting into a mess," Gerald said p; to himself. "The tide is running up, and o{ he will find a difficulty in getting back again." Keeping a hundred yards or so out, as was his custom, for about ten a minutes, Gerald turned toward the a mouth of the cove, not having given a , second thought to the swimmer who had preceded him. Just as he was opposite p, to the great rocks at the entrance he heard t a shout far behind him. He stopped to ri listen, and again the shout for "help" ai came distinctly to his ears. al " I thought that fool would get into a tl scrape," he muttered, turning rounid and b making off with a long, steady, even g, stroke in the direction of the mail, whose at head he could see nearly three hundred yards out, giving a loud shout as he G started to encourage him with the know- v ledge that help was coining. He arrived H just in time; the swimmer was utterly t} exhausted, and had lost both pluck and c presence of mind. Once he disappeared il altogether, and Gerald, who was still b nearly thirty yards off, thought that he s! would arrive too late. However, he came ti up again, and splashed and struggled ai wildly for a moment or two, but was just I} sinking when Gerald arrived. The latter It caught him by the arm, and the man strove desperately to throw his arm around s him. b "Keep quiet," Gerald said, sternly. S " If you struggle I'll let you go." H There was no mistaking the firmness of s1 the tone, or that the threat would be o carried out. .The man ceased to struggle f, at once. tl "That's right," Gerald said. "Now , lie on your back; I'll take you by the t hair and tow you in as easily as possible." a As he spoke he looked round and saw w the boat coming out from the cove with A its load of bathers. He shouted at once, Ii and an answering shout came back, and t the boat's head was turned towards them. "That's all right," he said cheerfully to the other. "Now l'll tread water, and you can put your hand on my shoulder i, and keep your mouth above water com fortably till the boat comes up." With the prospect of help close at hand v the man regained his courage, ain was 1I soon able to dispense with Gerald's help , and to support himself until the boat i came up, and he was taken on hoard. Gerald swam gently back, and by the time he reached the cove the man had already began to dress. Gerald's clothes a lay close to where he was sitting, for at Ilfracombe at fresco dressing is the rule, the two or three little wooden boxes on wheels being insufficient for a tithe of the i bathers. As he approached, the man stood up and held out his hand. 1 "I owe you my life," he said; "another few seconds and I should have gone un der." "Yes; it was a near shave for you," Gerald answered. " But there was no difficulty in saving you; it was not like jumping off a bridge for a shrieking woman, or into a sea when a ship is run ning before a gale. I saved your life certainly, but it was with no more trouble and risk than if I had been standing on shore, and had thrown you a rope." "I was a fool to swim out so far," the man said ; " but I have been out as far before. I.1 suppose there was some sort of a tide, for after I turned I did not seem to make any way toward shore." "To tell you the truth," Gerald said, "I thought you a fool when I saw you swimming out. One ought never go so far from shore at any of these watering places till one has found out all about the set of the tide. There now you are dressed, I would advise you to ran back at a sharp pace, for your lips are blue, and you look pinched all over, and drink a strong cup of ctfeo directly you get in." " I will take your advice," the other said. "But when can I see you again 1 My name is Gossett, and I am at the big hotel." " Miy name is Mayfield, and I am stay ing there, too." " I don't know why, but I don't like him," Gerald said to himself,as he looked after Gossett,as he went up the steep path from the cove. " They say that a man you have saved from drowning is sure to do you some harm; not that I am fool enolgh to believe that, but I doi't like him. Somehow or other, I should say he was shifty. But, there, I dare say it's prejudice, and that he is a good fellow enough, though certainly not a strong man, anyway." Physically, the man did not look strong, and tlhe wrIld diid not trouhhi itself as to his mental strength. Paul Gossett was manager of the Metropolitan and Suburban Bank, a good psitio, for a man of his ago. A popular iman gener ally, with a constant smaile and g?n le manner. Much liked by his Directors, i all considered a very eligible man, in deed, at Clapham, where lie lived. Gerald Mayfield went for a sharp walk t after lis bath, and most of the visitors at I the hotel had finished breakfast when he went in. Half-an-hour later Mrs. Hone- I age and her daughter camrne in dressed for c a walk. As a matter of course, he took off his hat. "What are your plans for this morn- 1 ing." "I do not feel equal to much walking t this morning," Mrs Heneage said, "so I think I shall sit down behind the Lantern s rock. Maud will stay there with me, and c in the afternoon we will go along the Tor I walks." i " Very well," Gerald said; " Twill see s you comfortably seated, and then I shall f go for a walk inland and be back to i lunch." h Three minutes later, at a turn of the a walk, they came suddenly upon Paul o Gossett. v " Why, Mrs Heneage, this is indeed a n pleasure," he said, as lie shook hands with h mother and daughter, with a warmth that s5 showed that their acquiutance was an b intimate one. " How long have you been a down here, and how long are you going s5 to stay 1" fi Then, as his eye fell for the first time on Gerald, who was at this moment s1 wishing in his heart that he had arrived it just too late that morning to save his life, 1 lie recognised him. ft " Ah, Mr Mayfield, I did not recognise m you. I had not seen you dressed before, It which must be my excuse. Do you know, af Mrs Heneage, this gentleman saved my iii life this morning 1" iu Mrs Heneage and Maud uttered an ox- W clamation of snurprise. ti "It was a mere nothing," Gerald said, almost rudely. "He was tired; so I at swam out to him, and he put his hand on G my shoulder till a boat came. It is not ti worth imenticning." a, Maud looked up in surprise at the tone ni in which (ierald had spoken, but Paul Gossett, without apparently noticing the H rudeness of Gerald's tone, went on- Ii "No, Mrs Heneoage, it is of no use for st Mr Mayfield to try and put aside the iu obligation in that way. It was, I can w assure you, a most gallant action of his. ti And I ant ashamed to say that 1 lost my in presence of mind, and was within an ace w of drowning us both." I And he proceeded to relate the story.. " Excuse my interrupting you," Gerald t1 said; " but as i don't want to listen to I my own exploits, I will go off for my li walk." fo "That fellow has come down on pur- he pose to see Maud Heneage," Gerald said to himself as he strode along the country of road. " I should not be surprised if they lh: are engaged, or next door to it. Well," in after a long pause, "I had no reason in I the world to suppose that she cared a lo button for me : I don't suppose she ever cI gave the matter a thought, one way or I another." It was late in the afternoon when fi Gerald returned to the hotel, having li walked some thirty miles since starting. pi He had by. this time made up his mind is that he would stand aside and see what st came of it. If Maud Heneage was in li love with this man, the matter would soon of be settled, and it was not for him to act spoil-sport to their wooing. This resolu- IM tion lie proceeded to carry into execution; tr and for the next week started early upon re long walks, and did not return until late, at leaving the field open to his rival, an ci opportunity of which Paul. Gossett was not slow to avail himself. He had months at before resolved to win Maud Heneagoe. s She was pretty, stylish, and had mouney. Hitherto his wooing had progressed but d slowly, but now he made the most of the I opportunity left for him by his rival's at folly. For Gerald Mayfield had indeed sI thrown down the cards when the game gi was in his hands. Although lie was wholly unskilled in wooing, Maud Hene- h age had had sufficient experience in being tl wooed to feel that this man loved her. st And the thought was not unpleasant to al her. She felt that he was strong and tender and true; and when a girl feels this of a man, unless her affections are a; pre-engaged, there is but little doubt p what her answer will be when the question n is asked. When, therefore, Gerald suddenly gave up walking with her, and b left. her to the care of Paul Gossett, she as was alike surprised and pained. Had she n had an opportunity of speaking with him a aline, she would have frankly asked himt t if she had offended him, but he seemed to a avoid all opportunity for explanation; f and, from pride anid pique, she lau,ho?d t and talked gaily with Gossett, who was a always beside her. Gossett had from first c understood that he had a rival in the man ' who had saved his life, and diiily a fathomed the motives that actuated him t in leaving the course clear for him. v " The man is a quixotic ass," he said . a to himself. "I believe she likes him, and he is throwing away his chance; but tile 1 sooner I get him out of the way the better." a At the end of the week Gerald came into the smoking-room of the hotel late one evening.- Gossett was alone there. For a time they chatted on indifferent matters, and then Gossett said : "I am sorry I don't see more of you, ( but you seem always out, and I-well, I a hardly look upon myself as a free man." 1 "May I aik," Gerald said, after a moment's pause, " if you are engaged to Aliss Heneage ?" "Well, after what I owe you," Gossett said "I do not like there to be any con cealment between us. Thereis, and has been for some time, a sort of an engage ment between us. It is not actuallyari engagement, because her mother objects to long engagements, and is anxious that her daughter should not marry untilshe is three-and- twenty. So, you understand, there is no avowed engagement, although in point of fact it comes to the same thing. It is a secret between us two now, and I shonuld not tell you, but I know thatI can rely upon your not mentioning it or Snoticing it in any way. In a few weeks she will be within six months of three and-twenty, and then it will be publicly announced." Gerald was silent for a short time, and Sthen said quietly : d " You are a fortunate man. I stispec h ted it was so froti the first time 1 saw n you address her. And now I will say o good night good-by. I am going up to ul town to-morror. Will you say good-by e for me to Mrs Heneage and her * daughter " a " A very good stroke," Paul Gossett \- said to himself as he went out. " Now Ig something of the same sort the other side, and I think the game's mine He's hard k hit, and won't care about seeing us after Ii urriagu ; and if he does iild it hlipptejis to Collie out, it WOllln't iatter theln." The next morning at breakfast, hea said carelessly to Maud Heneage. "That queer follow Mayfield: went up to town this morning. H" e asked me"to say good-by to you and Mrs HIeneage:' r " Has he gone for good ?" Miud aske'd ( after a short silence, and Panil Gossett` could see that she had grown suddenly t pale. "Oh, yes; from what he said, I fancy his wife has come back from some visit or a other, and wanted-liiin.home:" a .' His wife "!'jMud,Hieneage said. - " Yes; did he never speakl to you aiut" c her ?" y Maud did not answer, nor did she -go out for her usual walk that morning.. . "Married !" she thought to herself as n she sat alone in her room looking t out on the sea'; "nikrriedT' ' Then she b had been utterly ristake? in lihor jiludn ment of faces ; and yet, as she sat there 1l she was unconsciously 'making excuses for him. He had;-she felt' siureb'loved h her; but he might not have known it I himself, and when ie. realised, it .he lhad. altogether withdrawn from her. Hea ought to have told her. It was wrong, h very wrong; but yet lie may have nifeant. ai no deliberate harm.- He :might beounii happy with his wife, and so avoided the Y subject, thinking thlatso longas, she was. but a chance acqutiintance, " it was 'ho' es affairs of hers. So, with an aching heart, bi she made excuses for.him?;and blushed f: yt find herself doing so. ye '_ I have no right to think of him," she cried ; ."he is .a married Is ian,: and' iothing to 'le. mTliaiik lheaven Jo 1 never gave him cause to think I cared I for him; thank heaven, rif- we meet to-. a morrow, I at least need not fueel ashaniedo. It is all over novw," shle said wearilly ye after a pause, " They say every woman ti meets her ideal once in her life ;I -hav?'e l met mine, but lie was already, another's ti Well, it does not matter who 1 marry a Six months later the papers had the 'at announcement of the marriage . of Paul lo Gossett and Maud. Eleseage; and upon hii the day that the notice made its .appear. or ance Gerald Mayfield said to his part- tr liar : to neIhave been thinking for somq time, I, Hlarper, that it would be well if we had a re house of our own at Melbourne. I ai yl sure we should largely increase our busi- nI ness. I have not been. well lately, and ni want a change bitldly ; what do you ay to p my goinmg out for a year oi two acid 'stIurt 1 lug a house there ? Once set fairly.afloat at we could take Purvis in as partner, and. t' I could come back again." ' o. "You surpris i me, Mayfield. I think ca that it branch ihouse woiiuld ] pij well;, bit I don't see how w6e could spare you. 'I' P have noticed yon 'have not been yourself for some time ; but two or three months' ii holiday would set you up." ' . i " No," Gerald said, "I want a change of work as well as of scene. .I have been wi hard hit, old man, very hard hit,; and her le marriage is 'in The Times this umorning. I knew it would be there soon; still as at long as it didn't appear there" might be a in chiince. It's all over now, and I feel that' of I must get away for a bit." -' And so, after long.consultation, it was It finally settled. It was a busy time at home, and for the "moment Gerald's gr presence was' essential; but it,;wiis at last arranged that early in June he should' p sail for Melbourne. A week before leaving he went toa largedinner-party. He was one of the last to arrive ; and his hostess said : li " I will introduce you at once, Mr bJ Mayfield, to the lady you are to take down hi to dinner, and Gerald was led across the in room. " Mrs Gusset--Mr Mayfield," she at said, andtthen turned away to repeat the or ceremony elsewhere. ' Gerald bowed in silence. The shock w and the surprise took away all power' of t speech or of collected thought. :: •. " There was no occasion, for an intro duction, Mr Mayfield," Maud said, gently, af holding out her hand.: ' We are old si acqumaintainces, thoughI you did treat us noi slhabbily by running away without saying good- by." - Gerald touched the hand extended to hI him, murmured something in reply to to the question, and then fell baik' a few steps until it should be time "to offer, his itc arml"l." . , , , " Be looks ill," -Maud said to herself. :ft "It-is very awkward, and hle is evidently. a ashamed of himself. Poor .fellow,' I ex- et pet lhe is very unhappy. WTVhat mistakes si we all make !" ' " . Y Maud had been inmarriedbut fourmonths, ' fl but she spoke as if she was conscious that she too had made a mistake.. 'In the few tl minutes which elapsed before dinner.was hi announced, Gerald. had recovered- from p the shock that the' meeting had liivon,him, ii and was enabled, as he took her, dowlii to follow the lead she .had. given -him :and R to talk to her as to an indifferent acquaint- ..b ance. The party was a large one, end the a conversation was not, therefbre, .general. t They chatted together upon indifferent I subjects':' the opera,-the -:last ndw, bobtik, h the Parliamentary struggle, tlhe .Derby s which was to be run on'the morrow...Not C Sa word was said of-llfradombe." " Mr Gossett is not here,"' :Gerald said, looking round the table. : ,: f "No ; hle promised to come,- bit ::he is a so busy atthe bank he.could not get away, and as Mrs Patterson is a cbisih of sine, t I ivas able to come alonie.P d When dinnrwasneasrlyoyver,.Maud said: .t "You are not lookingwell, MrMayfiheld." ( "1 have niot been quite well, Mrs. Gosseti, for some time..' -.Overwork, I I suppose. I.am going abroad to Australia next.week, probably, for some years.'e ;. - Maind looked up at him. , :... : "For some years, Mr Mayfiefld Do 1 you mean it T'.,, - - ... . , ! , :" Yes, Mrs.Gossett. 1 have, been rest-. less and unsettled here for.. soino monthls, so I am -going to open, a branch4pf opur business out there.. -Some) one must-go, I Sand-I am glad to be the one.'".? , . " Is Mrs Mayfield here. Of course she rgoes with youo . . . - 'MIrs Mayfield!' Do you th ink I. im married, Maud I" Slhe did not notice the Ohristian name. "'iAre 'you llnot ? " "Married ! I married ! Who cini have told you such a monstrous thirigl '. For a full ininuite 1MaInd did nt answer. She was 0ookling down into hei plate; and the coltir hi~d all died iut of: liaer face. "I heard it mentiohed," ishe 'said. " G'Oe-tainly some oiie said so. I sulppose I it was a mist ike There was nothing monstrouis fit'."i : '''i : S ,"It s?uld 'be' monfstrou?· to me," Gerald said.' " Believe -ie, Mrs Gosiiett Swhoever may hencefirthl{ tell' yo? tluat SGerald fMayfield us inatfried' ypu can tell o them it is not so, I shall riever' i?ery Snever." r For a time no further word was sporken. The colour did not return to her cheek t Presently'she said, "I am going to ask you a strange U, question, one I should not ask you wore d it not that you are going away, and that ur perhaps-perhapsi w'e shall niotmreetain. It is well to clear up misunderstandings. I Why did you leave llfracoumbe so suddenly without even saying good-by 1" " May I tell you:the truth 1?" Mrs Gossett bowed her head. '"'"Because :I' heard-of course there's no secret now- because I heard from t Gossett that you were engaged to him for I nmonths; 'and 1 loved you so I could not trust myself to see you again." I SAlain.she sat silent, and without a l vestige oif colour in her face. There was a slight noise at the head of the table, and a sfidden flush leaped into her cheek. I < `i?We :ere going," she said. "Dor.'t c 'comeo ip stairs -don't see me again before I you go. Have I four promise 1" t ",You have," he said. t ",TliednQofd bless you, Gerald, and f make you happy. Say anything you like a to me--it is for the last time. It cannot 'i 'bevery wrong: ' .7i.. G " God bless youn. my darling, 'my own. 'is lost love I May you be happy," , a As he .spoke she. rose, gave him her n liaind, looked full'in his face with a wan ca look of sorrow and love, and was gone. si .\~.When she.returned to her, home, she as went' straight' inito the' library, at which it her husband was still busied with books and papers. ..Helooked up. tl " Bleds us) Maud, what is the matter..? You look like a ghost." Ic " I have seen Gerald Mayfield," she al s?id.i?'"!id I ki~ow that you lied to us d, both. You told him we were engaged, '1 you ;toldl.meihe.was married. What have a you to say 1" y "Say 1" Gosseett said, with a light ladgli~7 "Nothing'. Everything is fair in ge ;loveoeffd war. :.::If. we were not engaged, w I knew we should be soon; so I was only w anticipating the thing a little." S'" Patui.Gosett," ,hisiwife said, "when 3c you asked me to 'marry you, I told you 'tliaT'Tdid?i'idt love you ?s a woman should live a man she was going to marry, but h that I would give you what love I could, tl and would do my best to make you a good h: wife.: You were content with the terms, and said "hat you hoped and believed the c} love wduld come. I hoped so too. We a liave not been married long, but long of onough' for me to see that your love is no tc truer than mine. I should have no right to complain that you gave no more than le I, and could have gone on with liking and B respect. That is over for ever. I find h, you won. me by a lie-that you have si neither honour nor generosity. I will at not bring scandal upon our names, but at to presdht I cannotliivewith you. To- morrow sc I1 shisll go homelto my'mother ; she is ill, tc a'id it will appear natural for me to wish at toibe with her.' After a time I may. get di oterd the iborr~or I feel, and then I will come back and try to do my duty." G ."A'id'how'about-Mr Gerald Mayfield?" hi Paul Gossettiasked, with an evil smile. w Miadisteljped 'back a pace; as if she gs had been struck, and put her hand to cv her heart. "G6d help met!" she said, at " and I am married.to this man !" And re withdut.: another word she .went out and m left him. w; - Gerald Mayfield was sitting. in his office bi at Melbourne, two years after his arrival: in Australia, when he heard the shouting of thelinewsboys outside "Great fraud in fil England ! Second `edition of the Argus I" h Inainotlier minute a clerk came in. ui .";:Here; is the Argus, sir. Another I great'bianking swindle at home." sc When Gerald was alone he opened the pi paper and read, in large letters " GREAT FRAUD AND EMBEZZLEMENT. ti \--The Metropolitan and Suburbman Bank cc has been robbed of upwards of £100,000 m by its manager, Pial Gossett. The frauds 0o have'been going.on for years. Money lost fe in itock exchange gambling. Goasett still at large. ' olice on his track. All ti outward bound vessels watched." tc 'For a lo'ng time Gerald Mayfield sat ly without moving. "Poor girl!" he said tl at last; as he puit down the paper. "I never tholight tihe follow looked honiest. f, I put it down to prejudice, but I was right is after. all.' I wonder 'what she will d,7, 1 n saw that her mother died just after I came k out. i; Isuppose-her, fortune's safe." s, Two days later came another telegram : h -.' Gossett still at large.- dis wife his a handed over her owndfortune of £25,000 to bank. "ti Then Gerald Mayfield sent a telegram n ito his partner- t s' "Find out adoress of Gossett, the de- b :faultor's wife. Place £50 to her credit at u a bank ; advise her anonymously that an 1< equal sum will.be paid in quarterly. Be f, sure it is :done so as to be untraceable. h 'You remember our conversation when 1 G fisst'prpposed coming out here." It was nearly three months after this b that Gerald,3layfield was breakfasting at h his club, chatting with the head of the q police. Presently a boy came in with'a t note for' the lItter. t '" Ah," he said, glancing over it, "the a Taunton Oastle is off- the Head ; I have i been expecting her for some days. By 1 what we hear, it is possible tlihat Gossett, a tlhat: fellow who swindled the bank in t London, is on board, and we shall put our y hand on him as helands. I can't go my self, for I have a very important case in Court; but we shall have him." " Why doyou think he is on board 1" 1 " Of course, we can't be sure, and in fact they are doubtful at home. All they 1 say is, that there is a passenger on board i who seoems to have given no address, and I to have belongings in England, and the description of his height and appearance 1 .tallies' pretty accurately with that of Gossett. Still that is not mucl to go upon,,,and.we shall have to be very care ful." ",. '. What.time do you think the Taunton nCastle:. will be in I I am going down to nmeet. her,' as I. have an old friend on board, and Ishall look out to see if your oflicer effects a capture.". ',.'%She ought to be in by eleven. ;:Gerald sat some little time over his breakfast after tile chief of the constabu. lary had departed. :'" I. must save him if possible for her sake,'" he said to himself at last. " He is a swindler, and, I fear, a bad lot alto gether; but she loves him, and that is etnough for me. Even if she did not love him I would spare her the disgrace of his trial and punishment." At eleven o'clock Gerald stood on the wharf watching the Taunton Castle coming alongside. Near him stood a couple of constables. He knew them, as both had been engaged in bunting up more than one fraudulent debtor to the firm. "I hear from Captain Peters that you are on the look-out for a passenger." "Yes sir. We hope so, but thero Sdoess't seem much certainty abuint it." As the ship came alongside, Gerald was t one of the first to leap on board. He I looked hastily round, and among the \- passengers he at once saw the man he was searching for. Paul Gossett was looking Sill, and had grown a beard, but there was no other change about him.i. " What is that gentleman's name ?" he e asked a lad who was standing near. " Hopkins," the boy said. S Then Gerald went up to him with out s. stretched hand, Gonsett gave a start; but a gesture coutml, atuling celitioll on the, part of Gerald caused himt to repress it. "How are you, Hopkius? What a time it is since we met-ages almost ? How are you ?' He spoke in loud tones, in order that t the constables, who were close by, might hear. "Well, what sort of a yoyage have you had? and how did you leave everyone at , home ?" Paul Gossett had prepared himself for arrest at the moment of landing. He knew that if any suspicion had been ex. a cited that Paul Gossett and James Hop- u kins were one and the same person, that i the constable would be on the same quay a to arrest him as he landed. He was there fore prepared to meet whatever came; n and after the first slight start he recog- o riised by the action and tone of voice that n Gerald was trying to save him, and fell tk into thelead. A man whohasfor months and years been running a great risk must i, necessarily have his nerves well under control, and the constables, who stood a in short distance offlistening to the conver- b sation, did not for a moment suspect that at it was forced. f~ For a few minutes they talked so, and d then Gerald said ;ci "You know I am only in bachelor's tu lodgings, but I have taken a room for you tl at theRoyal. I shall see you later in the h, day. I must go off to my office now. N Well, officers," he said to the constables, tl as he turned from Gossett, " have you got at your man? Which is he?" d " We haven't got him, and we ain't a- o going to. The chap that we were put on was the very gent as you've been talking with. in " What, my friend Hopkins ? This is a joke." is "Can't be no mistake, I suppose, sir ?" Ii " Mistake, man ! Why, I have known F him for years. We have been down at the sea-side together. In fact, I saved ac his life once." D " That's good enough, Sir. It's quite 1 clear the people at home have gone after hI a wrong scent altogether ; very likely put f~ on it so as to render it more easy for him si to slip off in some other direction." "Likely enough," Gerald said care- , lessly. "At any rate, it is as well for r Ij Hopkins that I happened to meet him g here. Imagine his astonishment at being w seized and loocked up. If he had not had p any one to identify him, and you had de- a tained him for a couple of months, till some one came out from England to swear to him, he would have had grounds for an action, and would have got swinging a damages against all your people." Twice in the course of the evening Gerald called at the Royal, but each time he was told that Hopkins was out. He b was relieved to find that this man had guessed that, although lie was bound to t -call in order to keep up the story of their acquaintanceship, yet that lie would far 1l rather that they did not meet. Next morning when he called at the hotel he was told MrHopkins had gone up country, I but that he had left a note for him. Its contents were brief. a "You are a grand fellow, Gerald May- P field. You have saved me twice, and have returned good for evil. If I could undo the past, heaven knows that I would. e I am going up the country to get work of some sort ; I only got off with enough to pay my passage out." Ten months later Gerald received from m the doctor of a hospital at Ballarat the certificate of the death of Paul Gossett, mortally injured by a fall off the roof in ii one of the mines there. He had lived a few days, had said who he was, and had written to his wife. He had ordered that the certificate of his death and his letter to his wife might be forwarded to Mr Mayfield, who would, he was sure, see that they were sent to his widw. For another ten months Gerahl May field worked on at Ilelbourne, and then, having been relieved by his junior part nI ner, hlie sailedl for England. Maud was Ihe knew living at Brighton, where she wars supporting herself by giving imusic lessons, having firmly declined to touch the money anonymously hpaid to her accounlt. Then he went down anid peremptorily took possession of her. Maul had deter mined upon resistance, for she haul schooled herself to believe that it would be wrong for her to marry again. She acknouwledged freely to herself that she loved Gerald Mayfield. She had heardl from her husband how Gerald had saved him from arrest ; she felt sure that it was Gerald who would have provided for her ; she never doubted that he would come back and claim her ; but she had assured herself, -over and over again, that she g would never allow the stigma of her name to attach to him hard though it might be I to refuse him. But when he came in, and straightway took her in his arms and held her there; when he stopped her lips as she tried to speak about disgrace, I and wiped away her tears as they fell, there was nothing for her to do but to yield, and even to allow him, in his masterly way, to settle that, as the marriage would be perfectly quiet, there was no reason in the world why it should be delayed beyond a month at the outside. "You foolish Gerald," she said to him, later on in the evening, "you are always in extremes : you lost me five years ago because you were so timid you would not strind up for yourself ; and now youi have become a perfect tyrant, and won't allow me t', have ever so little a bit of my own way." "You shall have all your own way, darling, when you atre once my wife," lihe said ; "but till then I mean to be master; so your best plan is to hurry on your pre parations as fast as yon can in order to free yourself from my tyranny. And there is one thin,, Maud, if you don't object: I should like to spend a part, at least, of our honeymoon at Ilfracombe. Another yearyou shall travel all over the Continent, if you like; but if it is not painful to you I should like Ilfracombe now. Of course we will not go to the hotel, but get into some quiet lodging, and ramble on the rocks as we used to do." d Yes, I should like it," Maud said; " and we will agree to believe that we were only there a few weeks ago, and that t this five years has been a bad dream, Snever to be talked about or thought of I willingly again."-Family Ilaqaziune. She was the young wife of a betting 1 man, and though a strong-minded, intellectual woman, did not understand Sthe technical terms and abbreviations for racing language, and when, therefore, she s received in her husband's absence on the e Leger Day a telegram worded as follows: e -' Put youiir last shirt on the Devil," .s she was mystified, and immediately wired g to her husband's friend as follows :-" I s know my husbandl is a fool, but if hlie taikes Syour advice and gives his spare undeicloth e ing to Satan and his imps, here is a woman going to, get a divorce." A mate may snile and smile and con I- tinue to smile, and be a temperance ;; orator. 