A TRIP TO TALISKER AND THE CA.YES NEAR CAPE JERVIS. I had heard to much about the deserted silver ai,d lead mines of Talisker and the so-called caveanear Cape Jeiris, that a fortnight ago I | became fired with the tpirit of investigation; ; ano, caving a nouoay at my disposal, I made j arrangements, or ratber they were made for me, j to carry oat that veij laudsble spirit. As a . matter of course, I fully expected to witness something* little short of the wondroDigutro of Antiparos, or the mammoth caves of Kei tuefcy, pnd elerated my mind accordingly. Ac companied, or rather con^ejed, by my (..vo friends, Mr. and Mrs. W ? , ' of this ilk,' we had a pleasant drive to Silverton, a place created by and once enliveced with, mining industry, as its came implies, but nowa melancholy agglo mt ration of huta in every possible stage of ruin and decay. The quondam ' hotel,' photograph* of which in its palmiest days still exist, pre sented a sad spectacle as we passed close to ib crumbling remains, where ' wild weeds are gathering on the wa'l,' indeed, though no 'dog howls at the gate.' Once full of life, activity, music, and bacchunlitn revelry, the entire village ia now as desolate as Nineveh or Bibylon — a refuge and a rendezvous for tte opossum and wild cat, in 'ieu of the da!8ica!|jackal atd the lynx. Jnst beyond the precincts of this heip of iuins, my kind friends deposited me on ttrra frma; and thenceforward I bad to make my way on foot among the low, abrupt, and scraggy hills, with a stout 'Alpenstock' in the shape of a goodly cudgel of English oak, which had sup ported my weary steps for many a hundred milea on a former journey afest along the northern shores of Tasmania Thus left to myself, I felt like oar first parents of old, but in a somewhat limited sense, that The world was all before me, where to choose My place of rest, and Providence my go'de ;' and onwards I trudged towards the mines, straining my eyea for signs of habitation, having been informed that a little further on I shauld not fail to see 'lota of chimneys.' Tne proipect was a curioua o_e, consisting of the ruins of dwellings constructed according t-j some very doubtful orders ef architecture, some scind ing alone on hills, sonre on slopes, and others far down in the hollows; with here and there a solitary lily, shrub, or bulb, the remains of what had once been a miner's little garden. When arrived at my destinati in I was to place myself under the orders and guidance of Mr. T ? , the only dweller in this Jotely scene, who has charge of the still existing Company's plant, and who now occupies the foiiner abode of tbe captiin of the mine. But the difficulty was to discover inn atoae. There were plenty of cbimnevn, but no smoke; plenty of crumbling walls, but no roofs ; windows, but no glass; doorways, but no doors; and not a living creature vo be seen except a few sheep grazing at an angle of about 5U°. On, by a melancholy-looking building with the roof half off, which 1 had no difficulty in identi fying as a church aod school combined; overs bridge of loga Wuich had recently ' cived-in' to an alarming extent— on I wtit, looking out for ' the tmoke which so gracefully curled,' or ou;ht_ to curl, from the chimney of the sole occupied bui'diDg. I approached an iron build ing in tolerable condition, and seeing a t jard or sheet of zinc sloping inio a tank or caik, I thought ibat mifbt be my geal, which proved erroreous. Then I neared another with some u«« °'» iu iiic wiuuuwh proving xue aDsence of wicked urchins), but that was not it. I passed also a long, low buildirj of sla-3 with no windows, which I subsequently leirred hid once been a boarding-bou»s and 'aalcoa'— the other two having been stores, and one of them the old Po3t-0ffice. But all was silence and desolation. It was now half-past 3 p.m., cloudy and cold. It seemed impossible to hit upon the right spot amid. this xrild wilderness of uninb\bitable ruins, and I was just seriously thinking of taking shelter for the night in some old windowless bed room or rootless and dcorltsa parlour, hiving a pipe and a box of lucifers as my sole luxuries, when I Btumbltd, to my great del;ght, acrojg a cow ; then I heard a cock crow ; then some reapic^able grunters with cnrly, aristocratic tails ecsmpered off with a scort ; tbea another cow, which happened to be standing behind the very dwelling I was in search of, though tbere wai no app«arance of smoke. A small wood pile and a clean-swept space near it nc-v niade me feel that I had got ' as far as the chipV— as a nervom Yankee lover expre?*? s it— and in another mo ment I was standing at an open dear, knocking somewhat loudly with my stick, for I heard some children's and a feminine voice inside. After a slight pause, the owner of the voice appeared, whom I found on enquiry to be Mrs. T ? , to whom I introduced myself, and waa ushered in at once, having been 'expected.' Mr- T ? had not yet arrived. I remained for a brief time, and then tcok a itroll towards the sea, which only seemed a few hundred yards off, thinking to pick up some marine specimens ; but I found that the shore was too distant and difficult lor a hasty approach, so I returned u- thehcuseand enjoyed the warmth of the fire, whiling sway the time in conversation, and rocking a cradle, wherein lay a tiny specimen of humanity, with whom I soon made more rapid advances in acquaintanceship, for tbe little lady in_ the cradle having apparently finished her third or fourth nap, I then and there imitated the example of our illustrious King Alfred, and nursed the baby whilst the mother milked the cow and performed other little domestic duties. At 5 o'clock Mr. T ? , accompanied by his Drotcer, my turure guide, waa seen wending his way slowly along the hilly track, and after greet ings and a short rest, we all three started to see the mines. _ But thtre wis far less to observe than I had imagined, and, moreover, the shades ofevening were now rapidly ' closing o'er us.' Digging my heels for security into the sides of a descent at an angle of something less th*n 90* of elevation, I was shown, in successiou. the different objects of any interest, the cn.shing ?works, the ehatts (two), the smelting furnace, the etgincB, and the long curious tlue, con structed along the surface of the ground to convey the arsenical fumes to the top of an ad jacent hill, caJltd the ' Sugar L»f' or 'Bald Hill.' This tine, by-the-way, must have ab sorbed much labour and exosase. for it is a trtnch about 4x4' walled in and arched over for two hundred yards or more, to the summit of ihe hill in question, the poisonous fumes of the arsenic having proved very dangerous to animal and vegetable life, evidences ot which, in vegetable life, at least, still exist around the summit, at the aperture, where there is the remaips of a ' stick,' id e.-t a sort of chimney. The principal shaft is 72 fathoms deep— 432 feet. The two engines still look very well, for they have been kept well oiled externally. The great wonder to me was how the huge boilers and other partrons of the machinery had been conveyed to such a spot at all, the whole region being so precipitous, and apparently utterly unapproachable by ^ wheeled vehicles. My predominant feeling, as the evening closed in npon us, was one of melancholy. For ntoe years voices and engines, chains and binds, furnace and stampers have remained as they were left on that day, except the voicsj, when, on the receipt of some message or telegram, the miner threw down his pick, the stoker ' ceased firing,' the eDgines came to a standstill ; and each atd all, picking up their scattered ' t.;g B^ry,' departed to his own home, or hat, preparatory to a still more extended exodus. It seemed as though nom» awful convulsion cf natnre had arrested the movements of men, and prompted a hpity flight. It reminded me of Pompeii and Herculaneum; of ' Tadmor, in the wilderness; of Sodom and Gommorha ; of the Koyal George ; of the good ship Kesolute, abandoned in thfc. Polar Seas, and tjoitirg about in solitude, her nbiDS, tables, chairs, cushioD', chests, books, pictures, and instruments, to say cothirg of the' cook's coppers and ' mess kids,' lying just as the officers and crew had left them. It reminded me of tbe 'two women grind idj at a mill' ? and a gieat deal more, evtn though on a small scale. Here, on the one hand, lies a he.p of j excellent ore unsmelt«L There, on the other i nina, lies R jeap ot. mineral uccroibed, and bo od. The chairs are corroded with rust, the binds are rotten with alt^rnatj heat and damp, j and an iron tar'ii at the vouch of a hand col j lapstd like a child's balloon, and crumbled like J brown-paper »-hes. Pocketing a few small | sperimer\ I turned my back on the »r?Tie, won ; dering how mnch logger a region so rich ia i mineral wealth will be permitted to remain onworked and desolate. I After a he- .y tra, a long sit by tte 6re. a i little coavemtioD, a little mene, and a game ? | at cards, we all retired t3 onr respective bet1*— i I ' biby and alL' Bat ia the night, from wbit- ? [ ever cause it may have t.'en, I was sick— very : j sick; »Iept bat little, and ic the morning rose ' feeling 'a little bit poorly.' However, I ate a' ' light breakfa,t, - on principle.'' and bidding fire- i well to my kind he :t«*— not forgetting the b«by i — I stfted on my nest expedition, Mr. T ? piloting me on to the mountain track, where he I °le.,,to Pnrsae mr wj alone, oace more, j 'overhills, dales, vallejs, and mountains, where the wir,d never blew, and the cock never crew BDd lbf— Beelzebub, I mean— never sounded his' bngle born''— to his brother's house farther on, to as indefinite distance towards the se», where I waa to be takeo charge of and bjme on socne bow. right side up with c*re,' in what direc tion I knew not. I itUl passed many ruined house*, untenanted walls at least, until I at last spied in the distaws a new wall, a hay stacfe, and a building with a re jf on it. And there, too, stood my new guide. « tbe other Mr. 1 — --, who had left ns to ourselves the night previous, ready to escort me. No time was lost here; and having had my breakfast, I barely eiittrtd the honse and then left, havinc re marked a garden, some very fine-lookicg fruit trees, and a perfect colony of baes. Taking me down to the stables, we found two steedsTeady saddled which we mount ad. and away we went at a walk, for I had not ridden for yean and never had been a horseman. Mr. T ? h.rf th Destnan of a fircass of mutton at his saddle bow, whilst I '-well, I sat as elegantly on mv Kosinsnte as the statue of Peter the Great at St. Petersburg. I'll swear I cut a batter figure on that horse than the Iron Duke does upon his iron one opposite Hyde Park Gate-ilouriihing niy 'alpsustock' with consummate grace— the first time, by-the-way, that my -shai-ks' mare' was ever on horseback. I need not dwell npon our jog-trot upj and downs. We pissed land* ploughed and sown, the yield of which was in the hours of futnrity ; we passed stubble l»nd where the yield tad been exceedingly poor ; we' passed other stubble paddocks studded with stones, ' thick ai leave: in Ve!lambrosa ' We prised, again. gc3i. substantial, babiUble house', seme of them but very recently vacated, in fact the Ieag- ; of which, with tbat of the land, had expired, the forma having been re sumed by the 'Lord of the Manor.' at d their late tsaauts gone to tbat Southern Texw the K.orth-3 pcor exchange, in my opinion, but what could they do:- Some teven or eight families thus left the Cape, and migrated to ibe North, or rought other work than failing like an evicted tenant of SliSo or Tipf rary. We proceeded past Fishery Lay, where the sruehin-* works formerly existed, and whence the engines had been removed long, long aeo, to Talisker at manifest labour and expense. Then we wound round a deserted school house, the Oapa Jervis School, still in ecod order, but the children of which have been scattered abroad, never to meet again. It wsi in this neighbourhood that I first «aw the coast tealree-a very pretty orna mental tree indeed, casting a nice shade, and as unlike the teatree ot t:,d rivers and swamps r i the oak to the cedar of lebacon. We passed, too, 'Iind's End,' very much unlike its famous namesake of Cornwall; and then we jagged along, 'my guide, philasopher. and friend' dilating on the prospects of Kangaros Wand, which, with the sea, we kept ia si^ht most of the journey toward the lighthouse at Oipe Jerris, my hone now and then breaking into a trot, as I lingered bi-hind a little, to eDJoy ' the breeze upon the sunny hills, the billows of the se».' In due time we reached the lighthouse, and having dismounted we eotired the exten sive and substantial dwelling attached, and were entertained moat heritably by Mr. and Mrs F ? . in charge. Here is a Post-Offic* and a Telf graph Stitioa. We had, of course, passed the scene of the Sorata's disaster, and whilst resting at the lighthouse I was shown no If is than six or seven different views of tbat unfnr. lunate vessel, not one of whi;h, strange to eiy ncluded a view of the lighthouse itself. ' \- Taking farewell of our kiud entertainers, \ boots and saddles' was the order of the hour, and mounting our Bteeds wa started ajaiu across country, until we came to the summit of a green-clad hill overlooking the seashore, where ocr equestrian journey ended for a time, snd my ' alpiLStock' once more came into legiti mate requisition. Fastening our horses tj a tree, we descended a very deep declivity, digging our heels into tbe earth to retain our equilibrium, and at last we reached the bottom snd stood on the shore, composed of sand, rock, and lough shingle alternately. This was close to Schnapper Point. And now I must remark that, though I have paased through some queer adventures and scenes, tue scramble for two weary miles over these sharp recks, was the most painful journey I ever per formed. My companion aud guide informed me that there was arothur way to epproach the caves, but that it waa very difficult, if not some what dangerous. I saw it afterwards, and re gretted we had not taken it. Mr. T ? raid me of two men, strangers, who had attempU-d it, and were in dacger of their lives. Oae of them tcok off his boot* to facilitate his mjeut, and both were rescued with some diffirnltr ? banled up by ropes, I think— and the abandoned bluiherB remain there to this day. Ladies, I am told, accomplished the route we took; but how they ever mastered it it ia difficult to conceive. I never met anything more horribly sharp and wearying as that ct urse of two miles. The ap proach to Sicd bad the Sailor's Valley of Diamonds must have beeu a mere btgatelle conspired to it. On eevtral occasions I had to rtsi — even to lie down— owing to my sicin^ss; for, apart from that and horrible chilblains, I was attacked with the most intolerable pains My very sight grew dim, and I seemed to be overtaken with ' all the ills that HeBh is heir to.' One portion of my scrambles en all fours was so perfectly Al pine in its character that I thought I should have Rone headlong, and left 'a dollop of boneB,' as the workhouse boy elegantly ex pressed it, at tbe fooi of the rocks— a sad end for jour hnmble servant. At length, some wbit dilapidated— ' With fingers vee&rr; and woia, With eyelids heiv'y and red, A gentleman sat In angeatlemanly rajs. And wofoily scratched his head !' ? Acd at last I gazed upon the object of my jour ney, the mouth of the caves ! bat yet some hun dreds of yards distant. Tney will not utke long to describe. On reaching the mouth of the principil open ing—a very paltry affair, after all— all my visions of Antiparos vanished, like Venus, inta thin air. Sick, sore, and almost sorry, I again sat down to rest ere entering. Indeed, I had ti stop, for my eyesight completely forsook me for a time, and I could scarcely breathe. There is but ene cave or cavern of any size, which I did not then care to measure, but I suppose it may be about 80 x 30 x 13 feet, the latr r on an ave rage, as it 'slants.' However, when I hvl re gained all my breath and some of my spirits, wo explored it. There was very little in the shape of stilactitfB or stalagmites to see worthy of Lotice. except in one sptt, called ' The Elephant's Head ;'' and even of that some Goth or Visigoth tad demolished the trurk! Whatever icicle droppings ever exinted hod been ruthlessly mu tilated or borne away. The once pi'-s white his leen smeared by candle smose, and the at.no f phere is Bnything but sweet. At the further end of the large cave there is a smaller one, in front of which Mr. T ? prostrated himself like a Hindu devotee before the Oar of Jugger caut, and, in reply to my question of what ha (?aw, replied, 'Not much' — though he held a lighted candle in the opening. We retraced our steps to the mouth, picking up some odds and ends as we went. I got t wo or three broken fragments of stalactite, somewhat resembling stumps of ' farthing dips,' and that was all, ex cept some shells, which I had gathered tn route. On stamping the feet there are certain reverbe rations, which mBy not be altogether c»used by the echoes of the cavern ifelf. It seems quite post i Die tDat the existing tloor. which is re markably level, has been formed by huge, t!*t masses falling and reiting trarsversely across the chasm which now forms the cares, leiving a deeper cavern or civercs below, reaching, per haps, beneath the sea level. Upon my exit I found a large piece of detached rock lyiog pros trate near the entrance, with a dark, even sur face ; and taking a piece of chalk out of my pc:ket, I scrawled on the face of it— 'Try Cockle's Pills' — in honour of the occasion, a gratuitous advertisement which I hope Mr. Cockle will duly app.eciate when be hears of it. ' Dixon's Stove Polish' has been daubed on tbe Great Pyramid ; ' Erandreth's Pills' has graced the face of the rocka on the Hudson; why should Mr. Cockle not h»ve his turn in tbe cav-:s cf Cape Jervis r After paining the ou-uide my friend crawled a la tvrth into a very small grotto lower down, and brought me out the somewhat startling intelligence that he had div covered ' seven 'dcjsuih* — ekinned : and oh ! wtat a smeil : I had planned great tbiDgs when I got to the car*.?. I itodi dilate to my friend T ? up m reck temples acd the ruins of empire*. I woald strttch forth my right hand — the other being under my coat-tails a la Pickwick — and I wcnld gpont OssiaD, and what not :— ' Wcsp on the rocks of rearing winds, oh ! maid of Iniq tore. Etcd thy fair head to the wavei, Iboa, fairer than the Ghost of the Hills, when it (talks like & snnbtaoi o'er the silence of Ma* ven!'' And, after all. what did I dor Why, I «at down, like Ejipio on the ruinj of Oarthaje, and said— ' I'm awfally sick!' Alas! for re rcacce : ' What cam* ye out to ses ?'— I aikti myself. ' A reed shaken by the wind!'' ' What csme je out to ste 't'1— again I aiked a'oud ; and an echo, wonderfully iike~T ? 's Toic\promp:ly answered with a reverberating roar— 'Seven 'potsnrts— skicred '.' _ V» til, Set De get on and a^ay. I will not cwtll upon my return ovcr these rocks. We reached our horses in due time, and once in the Baddle I revived considerably. Nothing pirti cular transpired ou the route, which wai sow quite a new route to me. After some miiei' ridiEg, in which we passed more abandoned bonieg and lonely orchf-ds, I had to part from n.y friend. I dismounted whilst yet in the bash, and left him within three miles or so of rcy abo^e : ar.d whilst he retraced his steps with the SLid&ls;, I sought a bouse not far off, bat oat cf night, at bin recornxnecdatioD. to soelc advice as to my road. On my arrival at Mr. W.'», whom I had met once or twice,I waa not aUowed . to proceed further that tight- it wai just Eet '? S*^ *r^ai *' ri«bt W11? entertained. , The hospitable treatment I r.oeivel here w«« i ?°fficJTni to recompense me for a forcsd descent ; into Hade*, much more for my voIulU- t visit , to the caves ; so we | ' Sat by the tn, and tallied the night away ' until it was time to retire ; and when I did re I tire it wm like to a retreat in an encbantnd i CasI , In^ the fore»t-one of Mrs. K»tclinVi i castles. But comfort here was tao real to bj qcoted with romance. A large, comfortable room ; a broad, massive, four- poet bedstead ; a bright, hot fir* of logs ; a large, cozy, armchair by tte fire ; a pair of soft glippars for my weu/ lctt; some interesting old books, just tbe sort I liked- acd what more did I want ? I weut into a pleasant sleep, whilst the shadows of tbe fire were tracing fantastic figures on the walls and ceiling, and my pilgrimage was ended. I slept soundly, cot dreaming even of 'possums, aud woke refreshed. Cut I got a scoldion for get ting up too early, which did Dot ruin my appe tite, however, for a glorious breakfast. Ou taking leave of my kiud friends -Mr. and Mi;. W ? and their pleasant family— their son acted as my guide a little way tn the ro-1, tnd ' Rich- 'd wa- himself again H* At a quarter to 11 a.m. on Sunday morning I ma.de m- trium phal entry into ZuUapiringa, flourishing a rcgu FrossiBn belmet-3baped sponge in onehtDd tvd a handkerchief full of shells and stones in the other. 