THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME; OR, The Experiences of an Edinburgh Detective. BY JAMES McGOVAN. [Published by special arrangement with the Author All righte reserved.] Third Series.—No. XIX. A WAIF OF THE GUTTER. No 0110 who remembers seeing little Molly Slater singing on the street, in slush, ox rain, or snow—generally near the High-street well, below the Tron—will think of that little bundle of rags having a story. Molly had but one song—" Home, sweet, homeT'—and as her voice through could hardly be called musical or a success. I dare not speculate as to Molly's age; she looked about ten or twelve, but Ihave often thought she must have been far below that, : and merely aged with bufferings, and cruel blows, and starvation, and cold. For a •while she carried a child in her arms, tucked close in to her with a shawl, but even then she did not make a fortune. People said it was a shame to have such a /child exposed, and shut their pockets and ! passed on. It was a shame undoubtedly, I but then the shame wasn't Molly's. Only the care and concern, and hunger and cold, were hers—the shame all belonged to j Abe Slater, her loafing, thieving, drunken | Abe Slater was at regular intervals drop ' ping into our hands, and during those re tirements Molly's appearance was wont to improve somewhat. The look of wolfish hunger was partly smoothed from her face, the scared glance left her eyes, and part of the grime of months disappeared from her face. But regularly as Abe's term expired Molly was over at the jail gate meeting him, and then she quickly merged once more into a legitimate bundle of rags. That was all I knew of ber from casually seeing her. She was very dirty—how could she he otherwise when she had no home, and slept " nowhere ?" hut I looked forward a few years and thought of the time when she would surely rub off part of her dirt and accept a livery of finery more degrading than her rags. What else could come of such a training ? I had no idea of the bundle of rags being an exception to the rule and having a single thought higher than the gutter. One day, however, a little light was let into my mind by the bundle of rags her self. I was going dowu South Grays Close, when I saw Molly crouching on a stene step at a stair-foet, and thought I would have a word with her. I daresay the thought of speaking to her would never have entered my head had she not, much to my surprise, greeted me with a friendly smile—the first I had ever seen on her pale face, "You Jare Abe Slater's girl, I thinkP I said, pausing with one foot on the stair, which I had to ascend on business. " Yes, I'm Molly," she answered frankly. "You seem to know me?" I said, won dering at the change a smile made on the misery-lined little face. " Oh, yes; everybody knows you," said Molly. " Yen took father the last time." There was no reproach or bitterness in the tone ; she seemed to accept the «taking " bb part of her fate; yet I thought proper to justify the action. "I would rather not take anybody, Molly, but I must do my duty." " Yes, I know; but father won't always be troubling you. He'll mend some day." ; «"What ? • 1 cried, so astonished as to be completely off my guard, and to show the incredulity I felt. "You don't think he's too had to mend?' said Molly, with a surprised look iu turn. "He wasn't always poor, and a drunken man, and a—a—you know what. He had once men working under him: _ that was long ago, when mother was living, and Bubbzie." " And who was Bubhzie ?" " That was my wee brother. He used to go out with me singing up at the well." "And where is he now?" I asked, simply. ^ . A" curious, quivering contortion came over Molly's lips, and they worked spasmo dically for a moment or two without a word rising to her lips. Then her eyes filled, and with an enforced gasp she blurted out the one word— " Dead." Secretly I thought that it was perhaps bstter so, but I said— : " I suppose you miss mm a good deal r " Miss him ? I think all the heart is gone out of me Bince he was took," she huskily quivered forth. "Oh, I didn't think anything hard when I had Bubbzie, but now, if it waBn't for father, I'd want to he dead too." . ., I could scarcely sympathise with such a sentiment, which I knew would be quite thrown away on a brute like Abe Slater, and merely grunted out a dry— "Imphmn." : "It wasn't so bad when mother was alive," continued Molly. " We had always a house of our own then, and mother used to wash, and clean, and do lota of things for money to feed us." "I think we had her, teo, once?" I thoughtfully observed. "Yes, but that was for him,"breathed the child in a hushed whisper. " He sold some of the things she had got out to wash, and he kept out of the way drinking till the people wouldn't wait any longer, and mother was took up for it, when you found out where the things were." " But she pleaded guilty," I said, with a new light breaking in on me. " Yes, just to save him. IfIcouldsav9 him and make him better I'd do just the same—the same! I'd he glad to die and he shut up in a hole in the ground if it would make him leave off drinking. It's the drinking does it all; he's not a thi6f or a bad father by nature." " He won't seem that to you, of course, I dryly answered, "hut I'm afraid he's a brute. Some one told me that he actually stripped your mother of the only blanket covering her when she was dying, and then, insensible with the clrink it brought, lav snoring on the floor through the night while she was freezing to death." " Yes, but that was the drink too," said Molly, with her tearful eyes turned up to my face. " He didn't know what he was doing, I know he didn't, for when I was crying over mother, and he woke up with the noise and heard she was dead, fie said, 'Well, don't bother over her—that won't do her any good—but get me something to drink fox the love of God!'" " What a pity he wasn't taken instead of her," 1 said, with undisguised pity and in dignation, " No, no; he'll mend—he won't be always so bad," said Molly, with a shiver. "Never in this world, I fear." " Did you never know of any one as badl changing ?" said Molly, with a tinge of de spair crossing her pinched face. I thought instantly of Simon Penbank, but as swiftly remembered that that singu lar character had hidden somewhere in hia bloated frame a heart, and I began to fea$ :tbat Abe Slater had none. " Well—yes—I have known such a things but not often," I dubiously answered, after a pause. " Then it's possible with my father ?" she joyously cried, claspingherhands and look ing up with her grimy face almost radiant.' " Possible ?—yes, it's possible," I said* with a peculiar emphasis on the last word. "Then would you try to help me to make him better ? she eagerly pursued. "Me?" How?—that is scarcely in my power," I said, rather staggered. "What does the jail generally do to people that are not quite bad ?" said the little oracle as a kind of clincher. I was so taken aback that 1 lost ground a little and admitted that it generally made them worse. " That's just it," cried Molly, quite de lighted at having clinched me. "Now, if vie could keep father out of gaol as much as possible—save him from it, you see—ho • would get better instead of worse. The argument was scarcely sound, but I was upset a little, and said " Yes." " Well, will you promise to help me ta keep him out of gaol as much as yon can ?" Again I said " Yes," with the reservation that if he infringed the law he would cer tainly have to suffer for it. Molly, however, had eagerly grasped at the promise, and token my hand in her own for a warm and reverential grasp in ratifi cation of the queer compact. I was in the act of turning away to ascend the stairs when a sudden thought struck me, and I paused. " What was it put into your head the idea of bettering yourself, Molly?" I quietly asked. She thought for a moment, and then ' said— "It was father." " What, he ? that brute ? how ? " There was a lady passed me one day on the street with a little girl—so beautiful and pretty-dressed—oh, she was like a wee angel! I was singing and the lady sent .. the wee beauty with a penny to me. I'd have given some pennies to have been let kiss her, hut I'm too dirty. When she was gone ! ran to the entry where father was waiting and gave him the penny, saying what a pretty wee lady had given me it. ; He swore and said—''You'd be just as pretty if you wore as fine clothes.' I'd never thought of that before, and I said, ' Then why haven't I fine clothes, father?' but he only gave me a drive and went into the whisky shop, saying, * Off you go to your singing—there's a beautiful shower of rain coming on.'" "And that set you thinking of the cause* eh ?" ....... " Yes, that and another thing. I was up in Parliament-square one night—that was in summer when it was nice and warm—and I got into a crowd where a man was speak ing on a wooden box they'd put up for him,1 He was speaking about arink, and he said there was a demon in the whisky bottle, but he was so thin and so mixed up -• and like the color of the whisky— that you couldn't see him. Well, I knew father had taken a lot of whisky, so - some of that demon must have got insida of him. If I can only get him out father will he all right." " Well, and do you think vou'Il manage that?" " - "I've been trying hard, hut I've not got on very well. You see there always keeps : more of the demon getting in." I shook my head and said nothing, simply because I thought her task a .hopeless one. " Where do you sleep at night, Molly ?" " Oh, I've lots of places to sleep, where nobody disturbs me or conies near but the rats, and they're friends. I've one rat that likes me, and comes and gets part of my supper when I've any. They can't taka him away as they did Gudgeon's dog. He loved me and would have done anything for me. He was awful sorry for me when wee Bubbzie died, and he cried just as muchc as I did; hut one day a policeman took him. away up to the office with a string round his neck, and he never came back. He had - a bad look, just as father has, and I think r they killed him. But hia badness was all : in his face. •• Poor Grip! I miss him, too—- - I'm always missing some one," The lonely little wretch looked so cool ' and calm in her misery and neglect, and so - ingenious in extracting sunbeams from icicles, that I could scarcely look down on her seamed little face unmoved. I fumbled "= in my pocket, and tried to slip a copper or two into her icy fingers; hut she drew hack hastily, and, with almost a scared look— "No, no! don't give me anything,for I'll just have to give it to him. You can't help me, hut maybe you'll be able to help him. Thexe'B no good in pitying me, or giving me money, or boots, or clothes, for they'd all go, and only make him worse. We're best to be hard up, and I wish people would give me less than they do." What answer could there be to such acute and old fashioned reasoning? None. : I left the child thu3 ; but I did not get her so easily out of my head. Her pale,"ghost- • like face haunted me for days and weeks./ To my surprise I had discovered a possi bility of good inher—an instinctive prompt ing to something better ; and I began to consider how best something could be made of that feeling. I managed to interest soma friends, with more means and influence r.nan myself, in hex case, and to my great satis faction found an opening for her which pror - raised great things compared with what she was steadily drifting to. Of course the change demanded an entire.separaii m from her father, and I expected a fierce resistance from him. To my astonishment, ho wever, the stumbling-block was not the father, but the bundle of rags herself. He expressed - himself as callously as indifference could! make any one; but she promptly declared > that, though they had b8en offering her a palace to live in, and a carriage of go id to ride in, she would not leave her father. "I'm all he has now," she quietly replied., "He's got no Bubbzie now, and no ra ther * —nobody but me. No, I must take care of " father." . , So the well-meant attempt came to naught, and Molly was heard as usual ero de- . ing out the pleasures of home, which- she. never experienced or saw. There is a fixed idea in some minds that a little fortune is, to he made on the streets by a species of . beggary, but the idea is very* far from the " truth. Molly often croaked a^.iy till... she was all ^ but frozen dead where tfio stood for a few paltrv cop pers, wbich only wbetted but did hog ■■ quench the insatiable tbirst.of Abe Slater. Then in the desperate hours that followed - he became a thief and a criminal—usver a bold or even & skilful one, because that . requires a special and arduous training— but still sufficiently persistent to cause us : annoyance. The petty robberies were be ing constantly reported, and always with some aggravating remark as to " Where were the police ?" or why were the sufferers so heavily taxed to pay us for doing nothing? Now it was a baker's basket of bread left incautiously at some stair foot; then a ham or a keg of her rings from some shop door; then a second- • hand coat exposed for sale, or a pair of boots, or a bunch of cured fish. Abe was ' worse to detect than an ordinary gaol bird,' • for he appeared to burrow the moment ha had committed a crime, and indeed, though often suspected, seldom left behind him evidence enough to convict. But this could scarcely continue. Petty thieving cannot, In the very nature of things, remain so. Those neglected gutter children, who seemed created to be criminals, and begin that way, tfo not continue it long. At first it is a potato, or. two snatched from a shop door to pitch at the head of a companion, then apples from inside the shop, then on—on to anything that man has made or God has grown.- - Abe grew confident of his powers, and played for higher stakes. He had no con* frdants or companions from whom to fear betrayal; he never robhed where there was the slightest chance of capture or detection, so. in the usual infatuated fashion he never looked to the end, hut went blindly forward, grasping madly at bubbles with a thousand pitfalls at his feet. : Very early one morning, and long before I was due at tbe Office, 1 was surprised by a visit at my home from little Molly, ft struck me that she was paler than usual, even though the dirt and rags were promi nent as ever. She kept one hand persis tently in her breast while she tremulously openedher negotiations. " You remember you promised to help me all you could about-—about father?" she began. I did remember, and said so. •" Well, I've brought something for you. I know I can depend on you not doing him any harm. And you won't ask me any - questions or anything ?" : Somewhat incautiously I gave the re quired pledge, and holding out my hand, received a gentleman's gold lever, with a fragment of a gold albert still.dangling at the ring. I was about to say very sharply —•"Why, where did you get this?" when I remembered my promise", and moreover a look into her scared face supplied me with the whole truth. "That's all now, and I'll have to go," said Molly, in trembling eagerness to be gone. ■ "Stop a moment, Molly," I said, deeply moved by her famine-stricken face and grateful eyes; and I led her into the kitchen without once alluding to the valuable plunder she had placed in my hands. A cup of hot coffee and a thick slice of bread and butter were placed before her, and she was accommodated with a seat close to the fire. Molly took the bread in her hands without a word, and slowly wolfed it up, salting the scalding coffee With many a silent tear. I verily believe the child was starving, and yet it was impos sible to help her out of the rut. There were unknown capabilities for good In her—there was love, the true spring of all greatness; and there was courage, and tact, and readiness, which were not there through any special training; and with all these gifts she was bound to drift steadily to destruction. As I stood with my back to her, gazing idly as it seemed out at the window, I could not help sighing over her fate. "A secret terror that I might detain or question her, I believe, made her hurry over the unexpected meal, too concernedto enjoy it. But when she rose I needed to say nothing. The whole history of the valuable had been as plainly put before me by her scared face as if it had been written there. She grasped my hand with her cold fingers atthe door, and was gone; and then I went into the Office and looked over the night's arrivals as recorded in the books. One was —" Gentleman—drunk—name unknown— watch and part of albert gold chain missing —no purse.1' " Ah, I believe I have the watch and the hit of chain too," I remarked, as I coolly drew them out; and every one stared as if I had done something wonderful. As soon as the "gentleman" came to his senses, and had paid a visit to the bar of the Police Court, he was able to identify his watch, and to thank me for " my activity and skill" on recovering them so promptly; hut he knew, nothing of how he had lost them. I was not sorry. If he had I should have been compelled to take Abe Slater, which would at least have looked like a breach of good faith with poor little Molly. But I was not the less incensed at Abe himself. ."Ill get him before long, and see that he is put out of the way long enough to give her a chance to get out of the gutter," was my mental resolve. It was not difficult for me to guess how Molly and not a reset had got hold of the watch and chain. Abe was not an ordinary thief; and as they never lived in a proper lodging or fixed home it was probable that he had hidden the watch in some hole or corner in the condemned land they at times occupied while he imagined Molly asleep. Possibly he might not even remember hiding it, for he would ( probably be as drunk as his victim at the time of the crime, but if he. did he was not likely to suspect his own girl, but rather some worthless wretch like himself. Again I was visited by Molly about a week later, with the same trembling con cern and eager anxiety for no questions being asked. This time she brought me a pretty ladies' purse containing £17 in bank notes. There had been some silver in the purse when it was missed in Princes- street by its owner, but that was gone. The numbered notes had probably, frightened the novice at pocket picking, and "he bad hidden the watch in the same way as the purse. This time I was questioned as to who had been the thief, but I could only say in reply with perfect truth that I suspected one man, hut had no proof that I was right. The lady was delighted to receive hack the purse and notes; and I was more anxious than ever to limn Mr. Abe Slater. If-he progressed in this way, he would soon be dabbling in every branch of the pro fession." A morning or two later Mollov appeared again, this time almost dropping with breathless excitement and fear. "Oh, I'm afraid I saw father coming 1 along the Cowgate after me," she faintly gasped, as she was admitted. "If he finds me out here you won't take him up if he strikes me?" " Won't I! I only wish he may give me the chance," I exclaimed, with energy. •'Well, Molly, what is wrong now?" This time Molly's prize was only an old- fashioned Silver verge watch, with a bit of brass chain attached, wrenched as I afterwards dis covered from the fob of a poor laboring man who had taken more drink than he Could carry. I took the watch in silence, and then noticed for the first time that there was more than the usual dirt on Molly's face. One of her eyes was blackened, and a great dark bruise marked her lower jaw from the ear to the chin, as if some one had printed on that part of her face the width of a poker-point. " Let me see your fsce, Molly," I said, examining the wound in hushed interest. " Who did that ?" " Oh, that's nothing. It wasn't father. I'm always getting myself hurt. _ I don't think anything of that," she hurriedly re turned. " But I'm frightened for father— he has looked so strange this while, and perhaps he's watching me. Would you go down first and see that he's not there ? He'll go away whenever he sees you." I obeyed with great alacrity, hoping that I would catch him lounging about, when I determined to make short work with'him. But the cautious and thoroughly cowardly Abe was not to be seen, and after a search about I returned and' told Molly she was safe to depart, but at the same"' time en joined her to threaten to tell me if he dared to raise his hand to strike her, and to come to me at once if she was in any danger. The next morning, much to my satisfac tion, I learned that Abe was in the cells. He had been found on the streets mad with drink about three in the morning, and in : stead of moving quietly along had turned and ferociously attacked the policemanon the beat. It had taken two of them, with the assistance of some passers-by, to bring him to the Office, and even then he managed to give a deal of trouble before he relapsed . into a drunken slumber. The same forenoon a messenger appeared before me atjthe Office, saying— "There's a girl out at the Infirmary wants to see you badly. She's quite a little thing, and was found awfully smashed in one of the condemned lands. Fell and hurt herself, I think." " What does she want with me ?" I asked, thinking with an instinctive pang of dread of little Molly. " I don't know—she's not likely to get better—internal injuries as well, and her head all cut and broken—you can hardly see a face on her." I sat down—I had to—I was so over come, and I suppose the man noticed my pallor, for he said with some feeling— " She's not a friend, is she ?" " No, no; I have met her, that's all," I answered, rousing myBelf; "but are you sure she has not been pitched into by some one "They can't tell; she says not, and she should know best, but they found some bits of a glass bottle in the cuts on her head. She suffers a deal, but is very quiet, aud just keeps on saying, 41 would like to see McGovan—would you let me see McQ-ovan, the thief-catcher, and let me hold his hand?' I said nothing, but as I left I could not help thinking, " How lucky we have the brute safe in the cells—it will save a deal of hunting." Out at the Surgical Hospital I was shown a mass of bandages, over which the chaplain had just been leaning, and was told that that was little Molly. The moment she heard me doubt the fact she put out a trembling, groping hand, which I took in my own. She could hardly speak, but when I bent over her she eagerly whis pered— " I was afraid they'd say it was father hurt me, he gets such a bad name, and I wanted to tell you I fell and cut my head." " Molly, you must tell the truth now, because they say you may not get better," I said, looking down on the quivering lips and crimson bandages with moist eyes, 44 They told me so, and that's why I sent for you. You won't let them take my father for it, will you ? It wasn't him— mind, it wasn't him," " Hush! Molly. Listen to me. Wasn't it the demon you spoke of that was mixed up in the whisky that did it ?" There was a slight pause, and then she said— (C I can't tell anything about it. I'm too ignorant to know these things, but I know father didn't do it. He'3 too fond of me. •Bits of a bottle ?—well, maybe I fell on a bottle or got hurt somehow with on9. They say I'm to die—will I be put in a hole in the ground? Who is God ? I never saw Him. Surely He won't be hard on me, seeing I never knew Him. Will I be long of falling asleep and waking up on the other side? Love Him? I'd love anybody if they only spoke kind to me. How my rat will miss me! he'll be looking everywhere and never finding me." I saw that she was getting hysterical and slightly delirious, and tried to soothe and quiet her. telling her to try to sleep and not tbink of anything but the possibility of getting well again; but voice and brain were now beyond her control, and she feverishly chattered on in the same eager strain. Now she was with her father, then with me, then in the old ruin which sheltered them, and then on the street, but never accusing any one of injuring her. "1 must go out and sing—there's a beautiful rain coming on, and snow in it," she feverishly cried, trying in vain to raise herself in bed, and then she began to sing in her poor croaking way, " Home! Home ! sweet, sweet home! Be it ever so humble," there's no place like home!" After that she seemed to be wading among deep snow —snow that rose higher and higher on her body, that would not be beaten down, and could not be waded through or escaped. At last she seemed to give up the struggle in despair, and resignedly said—"Well, it's awful cold, but it'll keep the wind off me. I'll just sleep till father wakes." , And poor little Molly, the gutter waif, SLEPT. When 1 told her father of her death he stormed and raved that she had been killed by some one, and fiercely upbraided us •with hunting out any information that was to benefit the rich, but neglecting a clear case when the sufferer was an outcast like him self. I thought that the drink was scarcely out of his head, he looked so earnest and hot in his persistence, but assured him that 1 I would do my best to bring the crime home to the real culprit. I did my best and failed. There was no evidence whatsoever against-him, and he was discharged after a fortnight's imprisonment. To my surprise he came straight up to the Office aud hotly demanded that we should investigate into the cause of his girl's death, aud bring the murderer to justice. I looked at him steadily for some moments, and then draw ing him aside, I said-r " A.be Slater, you may be putting on that look or you may not; but 1 may tell you that you and no other are believed to be the slayer of that poor girl. Is it true, or is it not ?" " Me ? No. Would a father kUl his own child?" he cried with energy; then he started and appeared to think during a long and horrified pause. " N o, it couldn't have been me; she said it wasn't before she died," he muttered more to himself than to me, witln a heavy perspiration oozing out on his brow. "My God ! it couldn't have heen me? Surely it couldn't have been me! No, no! I'm bad, I know, but I would never have done that 1" He left me and the Office thus muttering and feehlv questioning himself; and it was then quite clear to me that if he had actually caused his child's death it had heen when he was insane with drink and.uncon Ecious of his own action. I met him afterwards out at the No. 10 ward, and his reiterated cry was to the end a feebly whispered, " No, no, I won't believe it. My God! could it have been me?" The question has never been answered, but it will be, I hope, one day. " Ycu do not find any flies in the butter which I put on my table," said a Boston hoard ing miBtresB, proudly. " No," replied a boarder, " it's too stroDg for them." While preaching from the text: —" He givefch His beloved sleep," a Toledo minister stopped in the middle of bis sermon, gazed upon his sleeping auditors, and said :—M Brethren, it is bard to realise ths wondrous, unbounded love the Lord appears to have for a good portion of this congregation!" Things Not Generally Known,—The berths cn board ship do not necessarily add to the C'bsub. The hatchways are not hen's nests. Ti'e way of the ship is not the extent of her avoirdupois. The boatswain doe3 not pipe all hands with a meerschaum. The ship does not have a wake over a dead calm. The swell of a ship's side is not censed by dropsy; nor ia the taper of a bowsprit a tallow csndle. The hold is not the vessel's grip. The trough of the ship is not dug out ot the ship's log. The crest of a wave is nor the indication of eta rank The buoy is not the captain's sou. Ships are never boarded at hotels. The bow of a ship is not evidence of politeness. A sailor's stockings are never manufactured from a yarn of his own spinning. The sails of a ship are uot made by an auctioneer; nor are the stays constructed by a milliner. 