NEW ZEALAND. (FROM OUR OWN OOBBKSPOlTDKKr.) WELLINGTON, Aug. L After nearly a fortnight's wearisome debate in which not a single new idea was broached, nor the slightest approach to a practical suggestion made, as to improving the Ministerial policy, which Mr Ormond's amendment so bluntly pronounced "unsatisfactory the division took place just before midnight on Thursday. The result was that the Government, as anticipated, scored a majority of four, the respective numbers being Ministerial, 41 ; Opposition, 37. To this have to be added four pairs, bringing up the total voting to 45 and 41. If to these numbers be added the Speaker, who of course could not vote, and Mr. Driver, an Otago member, who was absent without pairing, the total strength of the House, 88, is made up. As Mr. Ormond's amendment was moved on the motion that the Crown and Native Lands Rating Bill be read a second time, the formal result of the division which negatived that amendment was to carry the original motion, and the bill was read a second time accordingly. The Colonial Treasurer, however, intimated-in a singularly injudicious and boasting speech, by-the-bye - that he should not ask for the committal of the bill for a fortnight in order to allow time for Ministers to consider what further steps they should take in the matter. The general belief is that no more will be heard this session of the Local Government bills, which have been the ostensible subject of all this turmoil, beyond a quiet announcement that they are to be dropped. It is difficult to see what else the Government can do. Of. the 45 supporters who loyally voted with them on the no-confidence issue, fully half declared plainly their dislike to these measures, and their reluctance to give a vote which by nominally saying that they were not "unsatisfactory" might seem thereby to express approval of them. The Government could not possibly carry these bills through without forfeit- ing the support of some of their staunchest adherents on general questions of policy, and without calling in the aid of Opposition members who liked the measures although they hated the men who proposed then. Then again the provincial revival cry, which has been raised in different shapes by Sir George Grey, Mr. Sheehan, Mr. Moss, Mr. Ormond, and Mr. Saunders, willobviouslyhave to be dealt with by the constituencies at the general election which takes place at the end of this year. This vexed question must inevitably be fought out now it has once been fairly brought on the ' tapis, and until either the dead bones of provincialism have once more been clothed with life, or the ghost of that defunct System finally laid to rest, it would be quite hopeless to attempt any reform of the present plan of local government by which it was succeeded. I do not anticipate, therefore, that we shall hear much more of the local government reform cry until the eve of the general election. It is curious to analyse the late division and compare it with the - lists of last session, as indicating the change which has come o'er the spirit of the party dream. This change is more apparent than real. At the close of last session, Ministers could always command 49 votes against 38-a safe majority of 11. But during the recess, Mr. Adams, one of the Nelson members, and a safe Ministerialist, resigned, and was succeeded by Mr. Levestam, who has declared for the Opposition. This brings down the Government majority to nine, and this is the only real alteration that has taken place. Mr. Ormond and Mr. Reader Wood deserted the Government on this particular question, but on all others have voted steadily with them, and this loss of two to Ministers, and addition of the same to the Opposition, reduced the Government majority in the late division from nine to fire, Mr. Driver, who, as previously mentioned, was absent unpaired, finally diminishing it to four, the actual result. It is believed, however, that Ministers will be able to command a working majority of from five to ten during the remainder of the session, and that their principal measures will be safely passed into law. Of these the chief are the Redistribution of Representatives and Railways Construc- tion bills, the purport of which I have explained in former letters. Both are likely to elicit considerable discussion, but are tolerably certain to be carried.' The Estimates are not yet down, but are promised for this week. Native matters continue as quiet and favourable as possible. The monthly Pan- bulla meeting was held as usual last week, when the speeches were of a most pacific and amicable character, auguring well for our future relations with the erstwhile turbulent and disaffected natives. The settlement of the formerly disturbed district proceeds rapidly and very satisfactorily, expensive improvements being effected by the new European settlers, who evidently regard their newly purchased land as their permanent home. This colony has been visited during the last week or two with storms and floods of exceptional severity, but the damage both on sea and land has been remarkably slight considering the violence of the tempests. We have files of New Zealand papers up to the 10th inst., and take from them the following items of news The annual goldfields report has been presented to Parliament. It records unusual activity during the year, especially in prospecting new country. The total yield of gold in 1880 shows an increase of 17,784oz. over 1879, but the March quarter of 1882 shows a large decrease of 28 60oz. as compared with the corresponding quarter of 1880. The total export of gold, from 1837 to the end of June, 1881, was 9,G35,2GGoz, of the value of £37,810,G53. The average number of miners at work during the year was 14,730 ; the average earnings per man, about £75 8s. for the year, as against an average of £82 7s. 6d. for the four previous years. The average in Victoria is £80 15s. per man, but New Zealand miners have the advantage of cheaper living and fuel, and pay no rent. Fully two-thirds of the year's yield of gold were obtained from alluvial workings. Over 5,000 miles of water races were constructed by miners, at a cost of nearly £800,000, in addition to Government races, which cost £450,000. The yield of gold from quartz and cement waBll4,478oz., at an average rate of 4oz. 2dwt. 2gr. per ton of stone, as compared with 9dwt. 15gr. per ton in Victoria. In Auckland the quartz crushings yielded from four. 15dwt., to 3oz. 17dwts.; Westland, from 13dwt. to 18dwt.; and Otago, from 10dwt. to 15dwt. per ton. There has also been issued the report of the Government Insurance Department. It states that the funds of the Insurance department had increased in 10 years 318 per cent., and in five years 118 per cent. The expense of management absorbed about 5 per cent, of the income, being only half the cost of private offices of the same age, and less than some companies 20 years older. The large number of deaths arising directly or indirectly from intemperance is alluded to. Many deaths have occurred from consumption and other diseases which ought to have been detected at the time of application for policy; but in spite of all these drawbacks the office has done remarkably well. There are 4,949 policies for £100 to £200 ; 5,205 for £200 to £500; 1263 for £500 to £3.000 the maximum for which any single life is insured. There are only 22 policies for the maximum sum. The department has been urged to increase the maximum to £4,000, but it is not deemed advisable, unless at least five for that sum could be depended upon annually, which is improbable. The balance- sheet shows a net surplus on 30th June, 1880, of £73,070. Of this sum it is recommended that £50,000 be distributed as a bonus to policy-holders, leaving £17,070 as a reserve fund to provide for unforeseen contingencies and to equalise future bonuses. An effort is being made by the timber merchants in Wellington to have £500 placed on the estimates for the expenses of an agent to proceed to France for the purpose of bringing New Zealand timbers into favourable notice. The effort is likely to be successful. They assert that they are sanguine of a large and profitable business being established. The Redistribution of Seats Bill introduced by Government has excited much discussion, and called forth proposals for many important changes, The North Island members insist upon the Maoris being included in the basis of representation, in addition to Maori special representation, which would practically give the Maoris 14 members, their object being to equalise the North with the South in representation Mr Murray has introduced his Duration of Parliaments Bill. It repeals the Triennial Parliaments Act, and provides that Parliament may dissolve by resolution Electors may petition against sitting members The petition must be adv creased, and notice to member given If no counter petition be received with an equal number of signatures, the judge is to notify the time and place of holding an inquiry as to the authenticity of the petition and counter petition. If the petition is sustained the seat is to be vacated, and a new election held The petition is to be dismissed if the counter petition is the more numerously signed The judge is to have the powers of the Supreme Court Act It is to come into operation on the dissolution of the present Parliament. The Wellington correspondent of the Otago Daily Times states that a section of the Opposition, including Sir Geo Grey, Mr Do Latour, and others, will bitterly oppose the Railways Construction Bill, and that one piece of special pleading to be set up against it will be that it is in direct infringement of the promise given that the colony would not borrow again before the end of 1882. It is argued that the effect of the scheme is simply to put forth a company of the nominal borrower in order to get works carried out which the Government could not borrow money to undertake On the other hand, Mr. Turnbull and other Opposition members will warmly support the bill. The same correspondent says that some sensation has been caused by the strong report of the select committee on the Taranaki harbour works. The report is wholly condemnatory of the scheme, assert- ing that at best it could only afford berthage for small vessels in fine weather at the top of high water, and this at enormous expenditure It is therefore recommended that the works be stopped by legislation. A fierce debate is probable over the report, which, however, is very generally approved by members An inquest has been held at Featherston on the body of an infant which died under peculiar circumstances It appeared that a medical man, Dr nanrahj, had occasion to apply hot water to the body of the child for medical purposes According to several witnesses, Dr. Hanrahy was asked if the water would not blister the child, to which be simply said " No ' But he was not observed to test the temperature of the water. The child was afterwards found to be a mass of blisters, and for several days was subject to convulsive fits Death ensued on the morning of the 1st inst. Dr Hanrahy certifying the cause to have been "convulsions" The police heard of the circumstances shortly after the interment of the child, and at once had the body ex- humed, when an inquest was held. The jury returned a verdict that " death resulted from severe scalding, owing to the use of water which was above a temperature safe for a child of that age The jury also held that neglect was shown in failing to obtain professional services, or those of some other medical man, for the child at an earlier period. Dr Hanrahy was arrested on a charge of manslaughter. At the magisterial investigation the case was dismissed, the magistrate being of opinion that the evidence adduced was not sufficient to warrant the commune of the accused. 