DONE IN DARKNESS. BY A. WINSTANIiEY. It was December, and the time evening, vrhen I the most miserable of men, found myself unexpectedly travelling express to North Wales. Owing to the cold, inclement season, there were few passengers, and those few gradually mdted away at ew different stations, until finally I wasleft alone. Much pleased to be so, after one glance out at the dark night, drawing my railway rug closer about me, I surrendered myself to reflection. Mine was a strange errand. I was going to the marriage of the only 'woman I had ever loved, and who was lost to me for ever. _ The night previously I had been seated in my room, immersed in a German book re lating to the spirit world beyond the grave— a style of literature towards which I possessed a strong inclination — — when Marian Bel- 7 cbdififf thai hv bourne s letter umx wufw, rvr Sir John Redcar's earnest solicitation, their wedding would take place in a week. I knew the union was to be, -yet when I read those words, bowing my head, I wept. What wonder? From very boyhood I had adored Marian Selbourne. Nevertheless, a hard-working student of medicine, with no prospects, I dared not even breathe my love. Not merely from a sense of honour did I it wrong to ask her to link her fate to each a problematical future as mine, but I maintained silence out of justice to the t memory of her father, , who had been to me both friend and protector. Left an orphan in infancy, he had taken me to his home, and bad mated and educated me as, his own son. Difficulties, however, had suddenly over taken the apparently wealthy merchant, and society was one morning startled at its break - fast-table by the news of Edward Selboume's death. A week previously he had run over to Barwyn to see his wife and daughter, who were preparing for certain festivities at the pretty villa he rented in North Wales. He bad stayed with them three days, daring which he was observed to he gloomy and ab stracted. At the end of that time he had taken an unusually affectionate farewell, and had started for Liverpool, promising to return on Christmas Eve. Rig family never again beheld him' The last information which could be got was from a man employed about the docks/who said he had seen him late one evening walking moodily in a solitary part of the quay, and had looted at him the more attentively as he seemed as if bent on drowning himself.' The idea of suicide was speedily confirmed when, Mr. Selboume's accounts being in spected, it was discovered he was a mined man, his liabilities being great, and, owing to unfortunate speculation, his assets almost nil. The creditors seized everything, for a rumour got an oat hum u was uu buwuiB, uui a swindle, there bring those who swore to having seen the merchant alive in New York. That assertion made the position of Mr. Selboume's wife and daughter yet more pain ful. Friends dropped off, and they would have been reduced to absolute want but ty a small private income of £50 belonging toMrs. Selbourne, which enabled them just to' exist in a little cottage on the outskirts of Barwyn Village. Through all their trouble only one friend had proved true — this was Sir John Rcctcar, of Tteflcar Grange, Barwyn — a circumstance the more singular, as Mr. SribouriiB and the baronet had never got on well together. But before six months the reasoned Sir Joint's behaviour was explained by his fieri aring inm- self a suitor for Marian Selboume's handl A pain like a knife- thrust pierced my hetet when I heard i£, yet it more hermetically closed my lips upon the subject of my own love, for the baronet was wealthy, and oouid | give her, besides his affection, the .potation to which she had been accustomed." So, though Marian refused him at first, his persistency, their dire poverty, and her step mother's pleadings, finally won her consent. Everything was arranged, and' rim had, now written that they were 4a be married,jmd . asking me to spend her last week ai home with them. I was too rejoiced to be in her company to refuse; and thus it came about th&t;,wiih a heart as heavy as lead, I was txavrilingdhis winter evening to Barwyn, which, owing to the necessity for constant study, I had only visited once since Mr. Selboume's death. On reaching the station, two miles distant from the village, I found the usual chaise; the gaunt white horse, and tke driva: awaiting me. The latter welcomed me with, the com pliments of the season, tittle dreaming how foreign they were to my heart ; and we setoff down the dark, solitary lanes. It was a thorough winter night. Snow, inches deep, laid on the roads and fields, aire on the leafless branches over our hods, from which frozen masses Ml at tunes, with a strange, ghostly sotmd m ita darkness ; while, far off, looming out from the sky, be ginning to lighten with the rising moon, were the mountain tops clothed in the same wtrite garment. " It was an evening wfaentiie oomforts of the fireside are trebly enhanced ; but I was not destined yet to enjoy them, for we had not traversed half the distance when there was a lurch, ami X found myself extended on the snow. A wheel had come off 4ho«dkaase, which was now lying ori its side on the road. Fortunately, neither the driver nor l had sustained any injury, but the damage: dope proved to beirremediritf e, the box of the wheel bring in splinters ; therefore, bidding the man keep himself as warm as he could wiihmy railway rug, I set off on horseback to the village to send him help. The moon had by this time risen suffi ciently to cast bright dashes across' the heavens, giving the black, flying riemds weird- like shapes, but as yet the earth laid m aam- parative darkness. Nevertheless, Iknew the way well, and with bent head to avoid the biting wind, was riding at a quick paeewhan the violent rearing of my horse ne&rtyagain; unseated me. Using my heels, ! strove to urge him on — in vain. Snorting, backing and swerving, his manner expressive of ex treme terror, he defied my efforts: It was evident some object frighteneflinm. I looked around. Heavens! Vftiatwasthat extended on the snow, beneath thestimted pollard that , threw its branches upward like accusing arms? It was a man. He lay on his back, one hand thrown out, his head towards the hedge, the shadow-from which totally concealed it. My blood ran cold as I reflected, but for the sagacity of the animal, I should have trampled over the poor wretch. But it turned colder yet with horror, when, alighting, I ap- roached and found myself evidently gazing upon the corpse of a murdered man ; for the fWimggg i had taken for shade was a veil of blood covering the entire face. Bemounting the horse, nothing loth, I rode back to ijjie driver, for I deemed it advisable to have a witness before I examined the ghastly thing. Two rustics had joined the man, who was re-, lating-to them, no doubt, my mishap, when a few seconds later I dashed up to them. For the love of heaven,' I cried excitedly, come with me! There has been murder done ! A poor fellow lies assassinated within a UtlUlCU jjiHWBl Bapidly I told them what I had seen, and soon was leading them to the spot. My im patience1 caused me to get in advance, and I reached the body first. Throwing myself from, my horse, I turned to quicken the others. ' Make haste !' I called ; 'it is here ! Oh that the moon were higher, or that we had a light ! See,' I added, wheeling round. ' It is ickening ! Look how the blood has flowed, ike a deluge, over the features !' Heaven! Was I mad ? — was I blind ? The body had gone ! Before me was only a pure expanse of snow ! I was paralysed, dumb with amazement ! The previous moment I had stood by its side ; now it had vanished! What strange conjura tion, or delusion of the brain, was this ? How long I should have stood tl us I do not know, had I not caught the glances of the hree men fixed doubtfully upon me. They believed me mad ; how could I blame them ? ' Look you, but ur sees no body,' said the river, drily. 1 tell you it was here — almost where I stand ! I saw it when I fetched you ! 1 swear I saw it when I came back — now it has gone !' 'Her has, by St. David, if her was ever there,' ! heard one of the Welshmen whisper, as, kneeling, I examined the snow. It was so smooth and so light that the pres sure of the finger easily left a mark. It was evident nobody had ever lain there. What did it mean ? Was I the victim of delusion ? Had the wild German books I de- . lighted to study affected my brain? Was the spirit world opening to my gaze ? Was my earnest wish, once to see a spirit, if spirits existed, being granted? If so, why in so ghastly a.f orm? Had I trespassed on forbidden knowledge, and was this my penalty ? My brain reeled ; bnt sufficient reason was left me to remember the ridicule I must be attracting from my companions. I see it all, now,' I said. ' I have been very ill, and my head is weak from over-study. It must have been the shadow of this pollard which I converted into the body of a man. I beg your pardon for frightening you.' I gave them some silver, and was about to mount the horse when one of the men re marked, ' Perhaps the gentleman belongs to Bedcar Grange ?' No,' I answered. ' Why ? Because, of late, folks say ghosts are there ; and, perhaps, one might have come out to meet vou. I hit my lips, but tried to take the man's jest in good humour. 4 1 merit your laughter,' I said ; ' my folly is owing to ill health, therefore, my man, pray be merciful. Good-night.' And I rode off to stop further conversation. But all the way I went, as the shadows fell across the path, I could have declared I saw the murdered man, with the horrible red veil, lying across the road, sometimes so close to my horse's feet that I shuddered, and caught at the bridle to escape crashing him. I was convinced that it was the delusion of an overheated brain, yet how to account for the animal's previous behaviour— his obvious terror at the thing I saw? The whole was unaccountable. Neverthe less, as I entered Barwyn, I resolved it would be the wisest plan to keep the whole matter secret ; also, to forget it if I could. Having left the hcrse at the inn, and sent help back to the driver, I repaired to Mrs. Selbourne's. I found her singularly gay and active, quite like her old self. I was not sur prised. The late disgrace and penury had been hard to bear by one tenderly nurtured, and accustomed to wealth's comforts ; and, by her stepdaughter's marriage, these com forts would be hers again. In Marian I beheld little difference ; she was sweet, gentle, and kind as usual, though lacking any of those signs of a secret happi ness natural in those about to be united to the one whom they had selected as a life- partner. Yet I could not term her bearing sad. She was cheerful, and the winning smile I so loved frequently lighted up her face ; nevertheless, in the depths of the grey, calm eyes, there appeared to me a mournful gleam, as of one who regards their lot rather with holy/esignation than gladness. There had been moments when l had flattered myself that Marian had entertained for me a warmer feeling than sisters experience towards brothers, for in that relation we had regarded each other ; but I had ever beaten oat the idea as that of an egotist, and it was hot likely that at such a moment I would enter tain it. . So, with a breaking heart, yet cheerful, sympathising mien, I sat with her and her step-mother, listening in the firelight to Mrs. Selbourne's plans for the future, her admira tion of her son-in-law that was to be, her ex- patiations upon his generosity in overlooking their disgrace, and the excellent fortune of my darling, to all of which Marian gave a Halm hearing, now and then breaking in with quiet praise of the goodness of her future hus band. It was while sitting thus that the ghost of ' the murdered man was recalled to me by an incident almost as singular. Marian and I were conversing in a low tone, Mrs. Selbourne having left ns for a space, when my darling gave a convulsive shiver, while I noticed the blood go from her cheek. ' Are you ccld, dear ?' I asked in surprise. 1 Cold — oh, no !' she answered, smiling ; ' but for the last few months I have been so subject to that sensation which old women call people walking over your grave. I sup- pose I am nervous. It &an; icy thrill which runs through me, such as rhave heard per sons describe who say the air is filled with spirits.' Starting, I turned my eyes round the room. What was that by the door, just beyond the firelight ? A greyish, misty substance, bear ing in cntline an undefined resemblance to a man, though but a semi- opaque cloud. I gazed in awed bewilderment; Mrs. Sel bourne, entering, passed unconsciously through the figure, and it was gone. This event so unsettled me that I lapsed into silence. Was I, indeed, a haunted man ? Were spirits henceforth to be my companions ? Was I becoming a monomaniac ? I found it impossible to arouse myself again to conversation.; so, pleading fatigue, I gladly, sought , my own bed-chamber. Here, locking the door, I opened the window and leaned forth, hoping the cold air wonld cool the fever in my blood. The moon had now IJPiCII lAlIiVcrull 1116 SuUWj "ApttllhCy UU plain and mountain, into dazzling crystals ; while on the right, rose Bedcar Grange. It was a handsome, picturesque building; yet rather gloomy, owing to its being sur rounded by a wood of firs and cedar trees. The rich, dark dashes made by the foliage of the latter against the night sky, gave jtke scene a mournful, wild appearance, so much so that it forcibly recalled the Welshman's words, ' Folks say ghosts are there of late.' Judging from the exterior, the place looked no unfit abode for such visitants; and I almost could imagine I saw again the mur dered man, gazing out at me from the trees the horrible veil lifted. After a space, closing the window, I threw myself on the bed, but not to rest. Awful dreams wakened me from restless slumbers — dreams wherein Marian, pale and horror- stricken, played a part. While awake, strange lights seemed to flit about the walls of my room, and steps, like a person walking, sounded about me on the floor, the whole ac companied by constant cold screams of air sweeping across iqy face. I was a haunted man, beyond, doubt ; but wny / Xiie dawn was breaking before I fell asleep. I had, as I have said, resolved to say nothing now to Marian respecting my love. Man, however, is weak in those matters. When his whole being yearns for, at least, the sym pathy of her who is to him as the breath of his nostrils, it requires a strong effort to be silent, especially when he is a witness of those preparations which are to consign her to another. I do not know to this day exactly how it happened — what led to it — but I did speak. It came about in this way : Mrs. Selbourne, who was as brisk as a gadfly, had gone to a neighbour's, and Marian and I were alone, talking, in the firelight. She had scarcely been in good spirits all day ; and it was she, not I, who first reverted to that time when we were boy and girl together. We spoke of this and that circumstance, until, I recollect, with a cry of pain, I dropped my head on my hands to hide my gushing tears, and ejaculated, ' Oh, my God ! would that I were dead! Marian — Marian, I love you! It is killing me to see you his !' , No sooner were the words uttered than bitterly I repented them. I blamed myself for the cowardly act I had committed, and raised my head to sue for pardon ; but at the sight of Marian, the sentence died on my libs. She had risen from her chair, yet, trembling violently, leaned on its back for support. Her face was pale, her eyes half- closed ; one hand was pressed tightly to her bosom. ' Oh, Gilbert !' she murmured, in accents of anguish : ' why have you said this ? — why had you not pity? You should not have spoken thus to me now !' I knew I should not have, as well as her gentle lips could tell me ; hut whatever the consequences, I could not, in my joy, have governed myself at that moment. ' Father of Heaven !' I cried ; ' Marian, is it possible that you love me ?' She strove to speak — to summon her dignity as Sir John's betrothed. It was useless. Averting her face, she burst into tears. The next instant I had caught her in my arms. I was clasping her to my heart, forgetful that the baronet had ever existed. Bapidly she broke away, a look of alarm on her features ; but not alarm of me. '.What was that?' she ejaculated, shrinking together, and drawing her breath through her teeth like one shivering with cold. ' I thought some one was near us. There is that shudder again. The door must be open.' I assured her it was not, my mind equally diverted as hers from the subject so close to our hearts ; for, standing behind Marian, I beheld the shadowy form, from which now two eyes seemed to peer. It was so near, that, in terror, I would have plucked her away. She misconstrued my intent. It recalled my last passionate embrace, and, with a despairing glance, she fled from the room, exclaiming, 1 Be merciful, Gilbert ! Bemember, in the eyes of Heaven, I am Sir John Bedcar' s wife !' As she disappeared, so did the shadow, and I was alone. I dropped into a chair, and tried to bring my stunned faculties into some order. Impossible. I was dazed, bewildered, ashamed, and had not wholly recovered com posure when Mrs. Selbourne returned, bring ing with her Sir John Bedcar, just arrived from London. The baronet was a tall, handsome man of forty, yet looking xnach younger. His fea tures -were well-expression ed , and what is termed aristocratic; while his bearing was gentlemanly and graceful, as if, people re- marked, ' he had been born to his position,' which was not the case, he having inherited the estates through the unexpected death of two distant relatives. His manners were so exceedingly agreeable that even I could not help liking him, though my rival, while the expression of his large dark eyes showed how intensely he loved my darling. He watched her wherever she went, and I noticed his whole frame vibrated when his hand touched hers. For her sake, I was, glad of his devotion. Still, his happiness was agony unendurable to me, and to avoid witnessing it, I pretended to have letters to write, and sat at a side- table as far removed as possible. It was, however, out of the question not to look to ward them. Almost involuntarily my eyes would rise in their direction, and my heart would throb to suffocation to see how lie watched her as she sat making a purse for me, her last gift as Marian Selbourne. H It was during one of these stolen Inspec tions that I once more became aware of the presence of the misty form. The baronet had been talking in a low tone to my darling, when, believing himself unobserved, he had bent forward with the evident intention of kissing her cheek. It was at that moment the figure grew into existence, and floated between the two. I was assured Sir John had not seen it; nevertheless, he instantly drew back, abandoning his purpose. Three times during the evening I beheld the same occurrence, and frequently daring the period intervening before the marriage. In fact, whenever the baronet approached Marian with the .action of a lover, that grey figure, which grew into being and melted into air like a summer mist, intervened and baulked him, for he ever relinquished his purpose, though evidently unaware of any reason. I saw little of Marian alone after that evening, v neu nut eiigageu. w»n ner wed ding preparations, Sir John monopolised her society, while I knew that she carefully avoided anything verging on a tete-a-tete with me. I could not wonder. Our secret was re vealed, and a tete-a-tete would have been confusing to both. The sole occasion when accident threw us together, to put her at her ease, I asked a question quite irrelevant to the subject I felt to be in both our minds. ' Marian,' I said, on the evening of my arrival here, when the chaise broke down, you recollect I. heard a man who came to assist say something about the Grange being haunted. What did he mean?' Marian laughed pleasantly, as she an swered. ' It's an absurd idea which has grown up in the rustic mind about this part, Gilbert, and all from a trivial cause. Some months ago Sir John had brain fever, and one of the servants, an ignorant fellow from the village, happening to hear him in his delirium, spreac the report that there were ghosts at ihe Grange, and that the baronet saw and spoke to them. I can only say, she ended, smiling, ' that Sir John, if it be true, is the only one who has had that pleasure.' ' If it can be termed one,' I rejoined ; while I began to wonder if the servant was right, and if I went to the Grange, whether I should be haunted there as I was at Barwyn. So the short days went by till the morning of Marian's wedding — the morning to confim Sir John's happiness and my misery. Aware that any outward manifestation of suffering on my part would deeply grieve my darling, who, from what I knew, had her own cross to hear, I assumed and maintained a cheerfui 'demeanour on descending to the parlour where she awaited me to conduct her to the carriage. My gentle Marian — my queen ! How superb she looked- in her bridal veil and dress oj shimmering silk, flounced with filmy lace, looped with fair flowers ! How the graceful, pure-hued attire became her delicate beauty. She perceived my admiration, she read my mental agony. Nervously her hand pressed mine, while her eyes rested on my. face with piteous entreaty. Poor child ! she feared I might lose self-control — that there would be a scene ! I beheld it in her timorous glance, ber quivering lip. I reassured her by a look, and led her and her mother to the carriage. (to be contikued). 