ENTERTAINMENTS. DRAMATIC, &c.; It is amusing to see how staid business men, M heavy" fathers of families, solemn dowag6rs, and even politicians, with all the cares of busi ness, private and public, on their shoalders, patronize the pantomime, and enjoy it as heartily as the most juvenile of the small fry that langh their loudest with such child-like relish for fun. The theatre in pantomime time is as thickly packed with elderly folk as it is with youngsters—and the majority of the former have not the excuse of saying that they came to take care of the children, for many have no flock to shepherd. They are simply children of a larger growth, following the romantic episodes of the extravaganza with solid interest, and enjoying the absurdities of the clown, pantaloon, columbine, and harlequin with true zest, born of the weariness that the monotony of daily life creates. Amidst the shrill peals of children's laughter mingles the deep bass of older throats, so that in grey heads as in curly pates, brains are bent npon ne more serious thoughts than howBir Rupert the Reckless will fare in his light loves, or how that droll dog the clown will get out of the scrapes in whioh his practical jokes involve him with the lean and aotive pan taloon. The Theatre Royal rarely sees better houses than when a pantomime is on, unless it has the other extreme of engagement— a first-clasB opera. The new pantomime of " Amphibio, the Rhine Queen," which the enterprise of Mr. Allison, the lessee «f the Theatre Reyal, has been the means of bringing out on the boards of that pretty little theatre, is nearly all that could be desired in spectacular display, leaves little room for desire in point of extravagant fun, and is rather above the average of pantomimes in point of plot.* The simplest shadow of an argument is popularly supposed to suffice for performances of this class, because brilliant mechanical effects, gaudy dresses, hosts of absurdities and boisterous fun are the main ingredients for mixing these essentially Christmas entertainments. Am phibio, however, pretends to have a connection though slight withal. It hinges upon the love cf Lurline.the beautiful legendary Rhine water nymph, for Sir Rupert the Reckless, whose affection is rnled, alas! by cash, as in our mercenary days, rather than sentiment. There are of course demons, monsters, bigheads, sprites, amazons, and all sorts of characters contributing cither absurdity or sentiment and making such a happy mingling that the audience slide from one laugh into another without time to wipe their eyes of the tears of mirth which excessive risibility provokes. The opening'scene repre sents ''Amphibio's Retreat in the Demon's Haunt" with the demons chanting with a sub lime indifference to what the world may think cf them. " We are vile, vile, awfally vile— We are bold Amphibious gang; We're a mystery not in history, Of us poets never sang." Then comes a string of local hits, bristling thickly out of the poetical development of the scheme in which the Rhine Queen and her demons indulge for the persecution of mortals. The spectators are introduced to the Bub Bhinal Retreat of- Lurline, which is a very cool grot beneath the waves, and remarkably com fortable for a South Australian Christmas audience to contemplate on a close night. It is painted with much taste. This, after a deal of singing and plotting, is succeeded by a moon light scene on the Rhine, wherein the rippling Water is cleverly contrived, and the effect artistic to a degree. Lurline's Home Beneath the Waters is shown, and then a " moral ballet" of a particularly amusing description is given. Love and folly hand in hand keep up the fan in the varied turns of the performance, and Lurline. who has been jilted by Bir Rupert the Reckless for a mortal maiden, throws off her soft sedaetire nature, and calls up an armyof Amazons. These dazzling troops eased in silver armour of minor like brightness are reinforced by minatore Highlanders and grenadiers—email boys who cause immense fun, and no little admiration by their clever evolutions in combination with the Amazons. The fun runs high, there are two mock duels, one of which—that occurring between Sir Rupert the Reckless and his seneschal—sends the spectators into fits of laughter; and the affair ends by Lurline mag nanimously surrendering the Beckless Rupert to her rival. The transformation scene at the wind-up is a most gorgeous affair, and on the i first and second representation elicited un equivocal marks of appreciation. Of course there were a few hitches, but these were not very glaring. The antipodean flarliquinade, with its rollicking fun and loaal hits, was irrisiatible to the auditory—the laughter was carried ontBide, and the ecomitims passed upon the whole pantomime were certainly com plimentary. On Tnesday evening the theatre was crowded to the extent that it was said 500 persons were refused admission, there not being even standing room. Mr. John L. Hall, who adapted the piece, contributes largely to the success of the performance by his clever comicality, and the soenio artist Mr. Massey, has shown excellent taste and marked skill in his department. The pantomime of conrse has its faults—what play has not—but they were not so apparent on the second performance, and will probably show less each evening. The stage at the Academy of Mnsic, as well as that at the Theatre Royal, haB been oecupied by a pantomime. The little people at the former popular place of amusement have been playing with great success an extravaganza, entitled " Nursery Rhymes ; or the Party, the Prince, and the Pie." Another attraction has been an exhibition of Marionettes. The English Oirous has been drawing large houses, and here also a pantomime has been produced, under the title of "Ride a Cock Horse to Banbury Cross; or Harlequin Queen Fairy, and the Little Old Woman that wanted to Ride the White Horse, and the Race for a Lover." Pearce's Combina tion Tronpe, which has recently been performing in the Acsdemy of Music, has appeared at Port Adelaide. Professor Pepper, after a tour in the North, reopened his entertain ments in Adelaide on Boxing Day with a performance in the afternoon and one in the evening. The afternosn's show introduced many of the wonders of the Professor's reper toire, " The Agatha Daemonis," a curious mecha nical tableau containing a large number of moving automatic figures, and " Bluebeard's Home," after which there were a number of experiments made by the Professor and his assistants, which were very instructive. In the eveniDg, after the exhibition of some good scenes called Christmas and New Year's WelcomiDgs, a scene was given from Professor Pepper's drama entitled " Hermes and the Alchymist." The Professor read the dialogues which take place between the Alchy mist, Hermes, and the other characters introduced, and his assistants supplied the action. We need hardly say that the drama is weird, and is - principally interesting in that it serves for the illustration of a number of chemical and mechanical possibilities, including the ghost illusion, which is produced several times. The performance was brought to a con clusion with " The Shadow Pantomime," which was very amusing. " Ariel, or the Flying Boy," is the title given to the latest illusion which has been placed before the Adelaide public. The inventor is a gentlemen well known iu Adelaide, and the illusion may be seen daily at Mr. Wivell's Art Gallery, Rnndle-street. The mechanism visible to the spectators consists of a plain white table, with a cushion placed in the centre; also of a number of lamps placed above and below the table. The public have a fall view of the space both underneath and above the table, and to all appearance there is no concealment, drapery being conspicuous only by its absence. The illusion is evidently ecientific and optical, and, it may emphatically he added, most complete. " Ariel" is snpposed to be mesmerized and placed in a trance upon the cushion, and then, after the operator has made a few more passes, the cushion and the motionless boy are seen to ascend gradually four or five feet and to remain suspended in the air, apparently withont sapport. A sharp sword is then passed above, below, and around the cushioned figure, to further demonstrate the success of the illusion. From the appearance of the performance it seems probable that a new and original feature has been superadded to the ordinary tricks of this kind. The Adelaide Liedertafel celebrated their anniversary on Wednesday evening, December 22, and gave a grand concert in the Albert Hall, Pine-street, followed by a supper and hall. The Adelaide Liedertafel have deserved well of the public, because they have given them mnsical treats by the score, and so well trained are the members of that harmonious company that every entertainment they have been responsible for has been of a high-class character. The concert given on Wednesday night was no exception to the rule. In addition to the ocoasion being the anniver sary of the Liedertafel, it was in honour of the birthday of a musioal composer the Lieder tafel delight to honour, viz., the celebrated Franz Abt, who is their patron. The programme wasvery appropriately made np solely of com positions by Franz Abt himself. The attendance was not large, but the audience were apprecia tive to a degree that moat have been very grati fying to the performers 