HEWS IH BRIEF. ' (Specially collated and epitomised for " The Weekly Times.") . The New South Wales Pisli Company is to be wound up. Mr. G. Cunningham has been re-elected Mayor of Geelong. An Exhibition will be opened at Buenos Ayres in February, 1882. Mr. Alfred Tennyson is reperted to be at work upon another drama. A new Presbyterian congregation has been formed in East Melbourne. The City of Melbourne Bank purposes doubling the number of shares. The number of scholars being educated in Yictorian private schools is 40,097. Cholera has been prevalent in the Pun- jaub and in the Bombay Presidency. A new Brewery Company, with a capital of j £2,000, has been formed at Lancefield. A recent fire in Cheapside, London, de stroyed property estimated at £500,000. The long-delayed report of the Police Com mission will probably be ready on Tuesday. " The World" was produced at the Theatre Royal, Adelaide, on Monday, to a full house. Two fatal cases of scarlatina having oocurred at Sale, the State school has been closed. The Commercial Bank of Australia is increasing its paid-up capital from £850,000 to £400,000. Michael Rush, the Clarence River sculler, has taken a business in Sydney, and intends settling there. Mr, J. C. Williamson has liberally donated £100 to be apportioned among the various Adelaide charities. Mr. Zachariah Wilson, town clerk of Bel fast, died on Tuesday morning after an illness of several months. A popular ballad programme will be given in the Town-hall this evening by the Wilhelmj company. At the forthcoming season at Leipsio, Weber's operas are to be performed in chronological order. Moody and Sankey, the American re-. vivalist8, are making another preaching and singing tour in England. A miner named M'Carthy was hilled by a fall of earth on Monday at the Working Miners' claim, at Homebuah. Tn inn nmth.«ncfaM ufefna A 4L» farms on the Atlantic seaboard range from 4,000 to 40,000 acres in extent. The E. and A. S. Co.'s steamer Brisbane went aground on Monday on the Fish Reef, thirty miles from Port Darwin. t The Tunisian troops of the Bey hare attacked and completely routed the insurgent Arabs, who suffered heavy losses. Complaints are made of the scant courtesy shown by the Customs officials at Wodonga railway station to. overland travellers. The Melbourne Milk Supply Company are sinking fcr water at. Rom »ey, with a view of establishing a milk- condensing factory. An explosion of gas occurred on Monday in a tunnel under Oxford street, Sydney, by- which three men were badly scorched. The Adelaide City Council are about to borrow £6,000, either in the colony or Eng land, for the erection of a new town-hall. Alderman Ham was unanimously elected by the City Council on Monday as Mayor of Melbourne for the ensuing municipal year. Three nuggets were sold on Monday at the London Chartered Bank, Dnnolly, weighing 220oz., the weight of the largest being 75oz. Small-pox cases are reported as being con siderably on the increase at Sydney, and chicken-pox of a severe type is also prevalent. A middle-aged resident of Fitzroy has been arrested by the police for an alleged eriminal assault on his own daughter, a girl of four teen. Fighting has commenced between the chiefs in Zululand, which, it is feared, will necessitate the intervention of the British troops. Vienna cablegrams report the sudden death of Baron von Haymerle, the Austrian Pre mier, a distinguished statesman and diplo matist. England and France have guaranteed to maintain the Khedive of Egypt in his position, and a British ironclad has been ordered to Alexandria. The shipments of wool at the port of Sydney for the year 1880-81 were 226,762 bales, an Increase of 35,141 bales over the previous year. Mr. Gladstone stated at Leeds on Saturday that the British Government would adhere to the main points of the treaty concluded with the Boer leaders. Mr. A. S. Robertson has been nominated by ihe council of the Melbourne University to a military eadetship in connection with the Imperial forces. The British troops in Natal have been con centrated in close proximity to the Trans vaal frontier, owing to the hostile attitude of the Boer Parliament. . The pioneer of a new line of steamers to trade between Bordeaux and Australia, La Pr&curseur;, is due in Hobson's Bay, having left on the 15th August. The body of the man who shot himself on Monday in the Sydney Domain has been recognised as that of James M'Lean, a recent arrival from Melbourne. Mr. Munro says he has lost confidence in Mr. Bent as a railway administrator, and asserts that the Minister ruleB at Spencer street " like a larrikin." The official record of the Sydney Inter national Exhibition has been issued, in the shape of a handsomely-bound, well-printed volume of over 1,200 pages. At the close of last year, 1,624 State day schools were in operation, attended by 187,210 scholars, an increase over the pre vious year of 3,276 children. All trains on the Victorian railways are to be fitted with Mr. K. L. Murray's electrical apparatus for communicating between pas sengers and drivers of trains. | |Two hundred acres have been devoted to flbp.-gtoWWg district this Year, giying peripdical employment to a large number of pojters and pickers. r Sixty- Ave, new Stete' night schools were established last year, but there was a falling, off injthe attendance of 1,128 scholars as com pared with the previous year. An application has been made to the South Australian Government for a lease of 10,000 aores of land near Terowie, on which coal is stated to have been discovered. Daring the ten months of the fiscal year ending 30th Jane, 1881, 9,118,048 bushels of barley, valoed at 6,361,063 dollars, were imported into the United States. The Exhibition at Perth, Western Aus tralia, is to be lighted with Needle's gas apparatus by Messrs. Aloock and Co., who have obtained the contract. Mr. Simon Fraser, M.L.A. and railway contractor, asserts there is a floating body of navvies in Australia always available for railway construction purposes. The last shipment of Australian mutton and- beef by the steamship Orient arrived in excellent condition, and is telegraphed as selling in the London market at s|d. per lb. A miniature telephone exchange has been provided in the inquiry-room of the Crown Lands Department by which twelve different offices are brought into speaking communica tion.- The Juvenile," Tambour Major" continues to draw appreciative houses to the pretty Bijou Theatre, where the -young performers and their audiences Always appear thoroughly at home. The establishment of a Women's Model Lodginghouse Company is likely soon to: be an accomplished fact, all .the preliminaries having been completed prior to the issue of shares. A young French lady, Mdlle. Durand, of Rouen, has received - from the Faculty of Caen the diploma of Letters and Rhetoric, being the first of her sex who has been so honoured. Sir Henry Parkes has offered that, provided Mr. Skuiliorpe will submit the alleged Leiehardt relics to certain tests, the New South Wales Government will deal liberally with him. On the site of the capital of the ancient kingdom of Daoia, recent excavations have disclosed the remains of a Mithras -temple, with inscriptions and a collection of Mithras sculpture. TVi o iv 41HA XTA. O Anil AAA vug Itow wuum TV cues Government and General Savings banks increased from £1,844,000 in 1879 to £1,996,000 in 1880, being an increase of £152,000. A Stawell justice of the peace having been fined for selling liquor, has been called upon by the Minister of Justice to show cause why his name should not be struck out of the commission. A small obelisk to the memory of the sufferers by the late torpedo explosion off Queenscliff has been made by an A.B. seaman oat of the only pieces of the boat saved after the accident. Mr. J. Quick, M.L.A., has had conferred upon him the ad eundem degree of LL.B. of the Sydney University, being the first bachelor of laws of the Melbourne University 8 honoured. Owing to the destructive effects of gas on M. Baudry's piotures in the new Opera- house, at Paris, it has been decided to aban don gas, and illuminate the theatre with the eieotrio light. Hudson's Theatre and Palace of Varieties (late the Novelty) opens to-night with Hudson's popular Surprise Pariy in a variety entertainment comprising "music, mirth, and melody." A youth named Davis was riding a whim horse at Egerton on Monday, when the animal bolted, throwing the unfortunate lad so heavily to the ground as to cause instan taneous death. Petroleum has been discovered in Hanover, a 200ft. -deep bore near Peine giving a twenty- four hours' yield of 19,800 gallons of liquid oil, one-third saleable as kerosene, and one- third as grease. Several new justioes of the peace were ap pointed at the Executive Council on Mon- j day, and Mr. F. L. Smyth was appointed acting Crown prosecutor, vice Mr. J. S. Arm strong, invalided. The English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank are about to erect a hand some edifice on the site purchased for £60,000 at the north-east corner of Collins and Queen streets. The dreaded phylloxera is extending its ravages throughout the vine districts of France, and has recently appeared in the German Rhine provinoes, and also in Switzer land and Hungary. Abdallah, a Mahommedan plaintiff in the Melbourne County Court on Tuesday, swore himself by reading a portion of the Koran he bad brought with him in hie pocket, and was allowed to give evidence. The Norfolk, the first of the Messrs. Money Wigram and Sons' new line of Australian steamers, sailed from Plymouth on the 5th inst., and may be expected to arrive about the middle of November. A Sandridge watchmaker, named Soden, has been committed to gaol for seven days tor defrauding the Gas Company by fixing a pipe and consuming the gas without its passing through the meter. The Austrian archaeological exploring expo dition to Asia Minor report that their excava tions of the sites of some of the principal cities of the ancient kingdom have resulted in very important discoveries. Extensive works are being constructed at Yarraville, on the banks of the river, for the treatment of pyrites and general smelting, and a company is being formed for the pur pose with a capital of £50,000. A cricket match was played at Sydney on fonday between Musgrove's Theatre Royal Company and the Sydney Press, in which the journalists received a shameful beating, only ©coring 53 runs to the actors' 258. At Sydney on Monday, the forty-eight ' hours' pedestrian match between EdwardB and. Swan, for £50 qside, resulted in a i" , rJ , / victory for the latter, who completed aii|«le f1 c Wniites inkhaaUottodime.. ; Nwe city and cuburban cqunoils liave signified their approval of the Fidipran'e Bend ; site for the Opntagioup ; Diseases Hospital. EmeraM Hill, Sandridge, Footscray, f and Williamstown object to the site. r The London Jews have a " Jewish Defence League" for protecting from. outrage and . oppression their oo religionists in Southern Russia, Germany and other parts of Continental Europe. average attendance at State schools is thus compared in the Victorian education j report just issued New South Wales, ! 4728 ; South Australia, 48-44; New Zealand, 5163 ; Queensland, 5500; Viotoria, 5202. In replying at Wexford to Mr. Gladstones < speech on Saturday at Leeds, Mr. Parnell said the remarks of the English Premier j were unscrupulous and dishonest, and cha- j racterised him as Ireland's unrivalled slan- t derer. r The Hon. William Campbell, M.L.C., will :.A resign his seat shortly, on the occasion of his visiting Europe. Mr. Woodward, of Sand hurst, and Mr. M'Kenna, of Kyneton, are named as probable candidates for the espeeted-. vacancy. Dr. Heara's new Landlord and Tenant Bill, now being considered by the Legisla- - tive Council, abolishes the old principle of distress, and substitutes a process of eject- ment and recovery of rent by a judgment in th8 law courts. A banquet was given to Mr. Davies, Mayor « of Prahran, in the local town-hall on Monday evening, at which' all the Ministers, except Mr. Walter Madden, were present; and the ;/» Premier and his colleagues received a hearty and cordial reception. !- - Last year, in New South Wales, 27,022 hands were employed in mills and manufac tories, as against 24,564 the previous year; showing the large increase of 2,458 in the ; number of hands employed in the free- trade colony during the year. During the year ending 30th June last, < upwards of 100,000,0001b. of : fresh beef, valued at £2,000,000, was shipped from the Atlantic seaboard of the United States and conveyed aoross the ocean to Europe in refrigerating chambers. The resignation through ill-health of Mr Justice Hargrave as primary judge in equity was accepted by the New South Wales Exe cutive Council on Tuesday. The Minister of Justice, Sir George Long-Innes, ib pointed to Aft A BrohfthlA fillAOflflflnr. A birthday book will be published by Messrs. Smith, Elder, and Co., of London, at ' Christmas, consisting of water-colour illustra-' tions, by appropriate flowers, of the twelve months of the year, from drawings executed by the Princess Beatrice. : The inhabitants of some of the suburbs in teres tedin railway extension are taking a stand against the prinoiple of the Minister of Railways withholding or delaying railway construction on account of the exoessiva demands of landholders. A male eagle was shot last week in the Grampian Ranges which measured within 3in. of 12ft. between the tips of each wing. The female eagle, measuring 7ft. 6in.t was subsequently shot, and the nest with a brood of five young ones secured. The Tariff Commission on Monday adopted a long series of questions relating to the operation of the tariff, to whioh the various manufacturing, mercantile, trading, mining, agricultural, and pastoral interests will bp asked to furnish categorical replies. The bodies of a man named Clarke and his two sons were found in bed at Milicent, S.A., having been dead apparently about a fort night. The father is believed to have killed his sons during a fit of temporary insanity, and then to have committed suicide. During the year ending 30th September last, 85,000 trees were supplied from the Mount Macedon State nursery to public institutions, 2,100 to State schools, 8,000 to reserves, ana ou,uuu were transplanted in nursery lines, and 20,000 in seed- beds. The sixty-eight artisans employed in the, railway workshops at Addington.r N.Z., have struck for a 10 per cent, increase on /their wages, being a restoration to the original amount received by them prior to the redac tion made during the recent depression; The much-needed rains have been general t throughout the agricultural and pastoral districts of Victoria and South Australia, and have resulted in immense benefit to the growing crops and grass. New South Wales has also shared in the welcome downpour. > The shareholders of the Indian Mining - Companies have offered a premium of £1,000 to the manager of the. mine first producing 500oz. of gold, and £500 to the manager of the second mine producing the same amount; and £500 for distribution among the staffs. During a heavy thunderstorm on Tuesday afternoon, the lightning struck the King's School building at Parramatta, ripping the shingles off the roof, And making a hole 12ft. t in width, smashing the windows, mid tearing an irohbark pillar into shreds and splinters. The dead carcases of the sheep which offended the eyes of Mr. M'Coll, M.L.A., when gazing from the window of a Sand- - hurst tram, were not, as the hon. member stated, the property of the Hon. W. J. , Clarke, but were the remnants of & travelling flock. Signor %Giamtnona, musical composer and flautist, was fined £5, with seven guineas :, costs, at the Melbourne District Court on, Monday, for an assault on Mr. Alfred Monl, the cause of offence being an adverse musical critique in a Melbourne daily morning - journal. ; v. A discovery has been made that a lawyer's clerk named HoskinB, formerly residing in the Maryborough district, but who has left the colony, and is reported to have died in India has forged several Crown grants and worthless deeds which have been negotiated aepgood securities. Mr. Relet, member -for East Svdney, in moving for an inquiry into the working of the land laws of New South Wales, asserted fehyt the public estate was being sold at-an uopre- f cedent-ed rate, and instead of hping _ pAhpM . with farmers and graziers, was being turned into sheepwalks. , Mr. Denton's seoond ' StfX'u science lectures at the Melbourne Athenaeum are aa much appreciated by his large audiences as were the first series, and his reputation is now thoroughly established as one of the most popular science lecturers who have as yet visited Australia. The disgraceful condition of the St. Eilda road, and of the area near Prince's Bridge used as a rubbish receptacle by the Emerald Hill Council, was strongly commented on at the Melbourne City Council on Monday, and the attention of the suburban council ordered to be drawn thereto. Daring the last three months 13,090 rabbits have been destroyed in the Bellarine shire, and the purchase of the skins has so depleted the funds of the local council that the councillors have decided not to buy any more, but to throw the burden of purchasing on the property owners. The Agricultural hall, a portion of the buildings erected for the Sydney International Exhibition, has been utilised as the dispen- sary and out-patient ophthalmic department of the Infirmary. Nearly a thousand patients lyave been received, and a considerable number have been restored to sight. Two- young sailors — John Traynor, of Bristol, and Olsen, a Norwegian — recently crossed the Atlantio in a boat 14ft. long and 5ft. beam. During the voyage the boat of the adventurous mariners was capsized, all their provisions were spoiled, and their only compass was lost overboard. Professor and lionise Anderson make their final bow and farewell to the Melbourne public at St. George's-taall on Monday night, prior to « flying tour round the world ; to night and Monday are therefore the only opportunities left of witnessing the Pro feasor's deftness as a prestidigitateor. A Brighton and Balaclava deputation asked the Commissioner of Customs on Tuesday to recognise the exertions of Mr. H. Hodgkinson in relieving the surviving sufferers of the Jolimont railway accident from the dibrU of smashed-np carriages. Mr. Graves promised to bring the matter under the notice of the Cabinet. ; "Narcisse," "Dead or Alive," and " The Bonny Fishwife," have formed the week's programme at the Opera-house, where Herr Bandmann, Miss Beaudet, and Miss Eloise Juno have now become established favourites. To night the Herr essays Hamlet, with Miss Beaudet as Ophelia, and Mr. Fairdoogh as the Ghost. Mr. Harkins is rapidly gaining the suffrages of Melbourne playgoers by the exosllenoe of his artistic and finished Shakesperian impersonations at the Theatre Royal, and the effect of his pieces is greatly enhanced by the splendid costumes he has brought out from London, in which the characters are dressed. Forty-four claims for damages have been received by the Bailway Department from persons injured by the Jolimont railway acci dent. Of these claims, twenty-one have been amicably arranged by an aggregate payment of £3,584, and the remaining twenty-three claims are under consideration. On Saturday the floor of an American carriage conveying railway employes to the picnic at Geelong ignited through the friction on the springs. The ntmost alarm prevailed, but one of the employ at great personal risk, clambered over the roofs of the carriages, signalled the driver, and the train was stopped, and the fire extinguished. Opposition support of Mr. Monro's one £ pec ted attack on the loan proposals of th Government, in the Assembly, on Tuesday was more than counterbalanced by Opposi tion support given to the Oabinet ; Mr. Yale especially declining to enact the role of grimalkin, and pull the chestnuts out of the fire for the aggressive Highlander. King Alfonso of Spain is developing an administrative ability and a capacity tor steady and continuous work unknown amongst the sovereigns of his race for a century of years, and he has become a permanent and powerful factor in the govern ment of the country, recognised by statesmen, aristroeracy, politicans, and all grades of Spanish society. Intelligence has been received of the death of Mr. G. Bentham, C.M.G., F.R.S., president of the Linnean Society, a distinguished botanist, upwards of eighty years of age, author of the "Flora Australiensis," and many other learned and scientific works. The deceased was descended from the celebrated Jeremy Bentham. Daring a fit of delirium tremens, a man at Kangaroo Flat on Saturday burned down an old man's hut, under the belief that a man who had ruined his mother and sister, and whom he had been hunting for nineteen years, was inside the hut. The drunkard also burned his own swag, valued at £10, and set fire to a second honse. On Monday evening, during the closing scepe of the very realistic combat at the Tneatre Boyal between Biehard HI. and Bichmond, one of the soldiers clumsily struck up Mr. Harkins's arm with his pike, and the sword flying up, struck Mr. Douglass (Rich mond) on the temple, inflicting a nasty flesh wound ; the fight, however, proceeded to the bitter end, and the crooked-back tyrant duly received his quietus. The minerals of New Oaledonia are attract ing considerable attention. Niokel-smelting fnrnaoes are working night and d»y, pro ducing 15 tons per week of nickel metal, worth £200 a ton. The mines of chrome and oabalt are stated to be practically inexhaus tible, and a company of French and foreign capitalists has been formed, with a capital of several million francs, for the purpose of testing the capabilities of the island. A riot recently occurred between the Hindoo and Mahommedan inhabitants of an Indian town, owing to the former resisting ; the importation of beef- The Hindoos sackec the Mahommedan mosques, burning the korans, sacred carpets, and the religious books ; and the Mahommedans in turn fired the Hindoo temples and scattered the oon- tents- After many of the rioters had been seriously injured, the disturbance was quelled by the troops. The Ghinese educational mission at Hart- lord. U.S., has been broken up, the Chinese YUMng ooramtaiowa having wpottod that the young Celestial atojents were besoming iSnwicanW in their ideas, aliens bom then country and customs, and would become, on their return to China, the germs of social, civil, and religions trouble Among their own people. The report of the commissioner alarmed the conservative instincts of the Ghinese authorities,- who at once despatched orders to break up the mission. A railway trieyole haB been recently im ported from America by the - Victorian Bail- way Department ; the machine travels on the rails at ten miles an hoar, -and can be suddenly stopped in five yardB distance by the aid of a powerful brake. The weight is under a. hundredweight, and the machine can be easily lifted off the line. Two of the wheels of coarse ran on the same line of rail, and the third wheel on the opposite rail. All the railway inspectors are to be supplied with these tricycles as soon as the consignment ordered arrrives from America. iatee items. Wool continues to arrive in very large quantities at Eohuea. The Minister of Bailways will visit North and South Gippsland next week. Very rich stone is reported to have been struck in the Nil Desperandum claim at Temora. The Governor will visit the Grand National Agricultural Show at Baliarat on the 26th and 27 th inst. A serious charge of indeoenoy to scholars has been made against the teacher of the Kilmore State school. " The World" is drawing great honses at the Theatre Boyal, Adelaide, and is increasing in popularity nightly. The Queensland Meat-freezing Company are freezing 300 carcases of sheep and a large number of cattle. Italian diesatisf action at French occupation of Tunis has culminated in an official protest from the Italian consul. The manager of the Oriental Bank at Murrumburrah, N.S.W., has been killed by being thrown out of his buggy. Mr. Justice Williams decided on Thursday buat a scamp was not necessary on receipts given by barristers for Grown fees. The Bombay, a latge merchantman, foun dered during a heavy storm off Lisbon, and only seven of the passengers ' and crew were saved. The Marquis of Salisbury and other Con servative leaders are making a political tour, addressing large meetings in the North of England. The opening day of the V.A.T.O. race- meeting took place at Caulfield on Thursday, when the attendance was good, and the racing first-class. The large number of fifty- nine horses were paid for at the final acceptances for the Mel bourne Gup on Thursday, being twenty-two. more than last year. Owing to his recent seditious speeches, the 1 British Government have arrested Mr. Par- nell, M.P. for Cork, and president of the Irish. National Land League. Dillon, the unfortunate man who was crushed between two railway tracks at Haw thorn on Tuesday, died the same evening at the Melbourne Hospital. The New Zealand Minister for Native Affairs ! las had an interview with the Maori prophet, Te Whiti, on the West Coast, but with what result has not yet transpired. A Brunswick resident, arrested on a fraud summons, was discharged by Mr. Justice Williams on Thursday on the ground that th arrest had been made on a Sunday. Eight of the perpetrators of a series of outrages committed in Orange County, Texas, were recently arrested by a citizens' vigilance committee, and summarily executed. During a drunken carouse at Stawell on Thursday night, a hut caught fire, and one female inmate was burnt to a cinder, and another woman so severely that s'e will pro bably die also. The second reading of the £4,000,000 Loan Bill was passed by the Assembly on Thursday without a division, speeches friendly to the Government being the feature of the closing debate. Sir J. G. Long- Innes, MvL.C. (the Minister of Justice for New South Wales), has been appointed to the puisne judgeship rendered vacant by the retirement of Mr. Justice Hargrave. Amatchhasbeen arranged between Trickett, of Sydney, and Hanlan, of Toronto, for £400 a-side and the sculling championship of the world, to be rowed at St. Louis, Missouri, on Tuesday, 22nd November. A man, fifty-three years of age, and em ployed on the Victorian railways for twenty years, has been arrested for stealing spirits and wine from casks sent to Spencer street for transmission to the country. In the Government chincona plantations in Southern India, four and a half millions of trees have been planted out, and the nnnal vrinlii aJ UnvV aim.y cauuuat JWVI VI. UBIA AO ACfe£»l%Aljr AUU&OttaiUg; with the growth of the trees. In the HealesvUle poisoning case, resulting in the sudden death of the boy Thomas Kenny from the effects of strychnine poisoning, tfle jury found Thomas King guilty of wilful murder, and he was committed for trial at the Central Criminal Court on the 15th inst., bail being xefased. Mr. Bent informed the Assembly on Thurs day that he had received " bushels of letters" from ladies beseeching him not to withdraw the regulation prohibiting smoking on railway stations ; the regulation was " a grand one," and hie would not withdraw it. Hon. members cheered the announcement. The Hon. William Campbell, M.L.C., will not leave for England until the early part of next year, and will retain his seat for the present. Mr. Woodward, of Sandhurst, has decided not to come forward, and Mr. M'Kenna, of Kyneton, is the only candidate for the expected vacancy as yet announced. The country members interested in railway construction were very wroth at Mr. Berry's suggestion, in the Assembly on Thursday, to strike out the amount for new lines, and apply it to increasing the waterworks estimate, and curtailing the new loan, insisting that the railway vote must not be lessened by a Single penny. Lieutenant Phillips and5 two seamen of H.M. surveying schooner Alacrity drowned on the 6th September, through tne upsetting of a boat when engaged in sur veying near the Island of Yedua, JJiJi. Lieutenant Phillips was a good swimmer ana struck out for a reef, but is supposed to have been seized by & shark. A popular " Ballad Night" will begiven in the Town-hall this evening by the Wilbelmj Conoert Company, when the great violinist will play Ernst's brilliant fantasia _ on Hungarian airs, and Laub's grand polonaise ; . Miss Marie Conron will sing " The Snowy- breaeted Pearl" (which so delighted her audience at the first concert) and " Elaine s Song," composed by Plumpton ; Herr Yogrich will give, as a pianoforte solo, Liszt s grand " Galop Chromatique and the orchestra will perform several popular over tures; the concert closing with Hanael s 11 Hallelujah Chorus." The country journals who weekly favour us by appropriating The Weekly Times briefs wholesale and retail, without acknowledgment, anil nfirViona lrinlir in fnfnrfl finotfi the 80UTG6 from whence their briefs are obtained. — Ed- 