Ti — .,-;v. ?:-?. \» '? , r,,/; ,,,d s ' ODD NOTES.; ?' .Jir:4 BOSEWAN. ' '- ? ' '? :t ''(From 2%«'7reei.) \- So ray old mend air Arthur has oeen trans; ated ? uot to the Bench' of Bishops, exactly, but to tho House of Peers: elevated to the woolsack, as they would say in the English p.*rK.m*.*nt. ? &i;\f\ \\\\\» Tilapo tiiiit has known luni.'so' fong in the Assembly will know him no more for over. I suppose the proper thing to do would be to congratulate him on his well earned promotion to the honour and dignity of being President of the Legislative Council arid Acting Govornor in the. event of the ab sence of tho Governor from1 the colony. Honestly . and truly I know of no one iii the colony who so well . deserves . the position, or who will fill it more worthily, in spite of his little idiosyncracies-'fino word that. But his gain is my loss, and how can I with any consistency rejoice over u loss ? I will not pretend to do anything of the kind. He was to me a never-failing subject for 'Odd Note? '.while- lie was a member of tho Assem bly, Hiid better still when he was a Minister of/the Grown ; and now that hitherto perennial source of comment is dried up at the fountain head, so to speak. At the very worst of times, during the severest dearth of subjects, there was always Pal i»er to fall back upon. It was always safe to 'go for him,' and, figuratively speaking, pole him up a bit over something he had . done or neglected ' to do, f omethiug iie had said or was reported to have said, worthy of notice. Sow he has gives; up party politics and gone to preside over-l-bo deliberations of the Legislative Coun-^ cil, there will be no ghost of a chance at him ever any more. This is where I feel it so' severely. And not prgfcssionally only do I feel the loss — but personally. He was so delightfully peppery, so deiiciously obstinate !i::d cU-teru.iucd at times, and so hearty, honest, and thoroughgoing in his likos and dislikes, that, one could uot help but admire him, and tee! ai: exquisite pi nsnre in touching him up; a. little now and then— if only for the purpose of auniims'.eriag a. counter-irritant to soothe and comfort him when his soul was vexed by- political opponents, or the (persistent worry of people with '; grievances, ?? whom, for E0'.r,e cause or other, he happened : to have a' 'down' upon. But, as he magnanimously' inti'iE-ites, in his farewell address to the elector's . of North' Brisbane, that if he 'lias during tho.; last two years onended any one of them so as to make 'personal enemies of 'them, he freely . forgives '.hem now, — why, I will not be be hi:ul-b.ani in magnanimity,. and I freely forgive hull for any annoyance or vexation I havd caused him during his public life, or any in-, justice r may have unwittingly dono him. I freely forgive him for having gone to be Presi dent of the Legislative Council. I cannot say fairer than that— can I ? But this is not the only loss I have to deplore. Mo:ehead has gone to the Council too, and be come a3'good as lost to me ; and now I hear that the gentle Immley Hill has sent in his resignation to the Speaker ! It is another in staree of the truth of the old proverb that 'troubles never come singly.' Luinley, the joy and delight of ' newspaper editor men,' and the man above: all others to enliven the debites in the Assembly and make ' Hansard' interesting readir.2,— he, too, deserted the As Eca-.V.y! .Fi-sr Morehw.cl, thin Palmer, and now Luinley Hill, leaving the balls of dazslins light, otherwise known as the Legislative As sembly— what does it all portend? Is t'ee dawn of -the millennium at hand, or is the world coming to a speedy end - or what ? I cm getting dazed, bewildeivd, and nervous at all '.he-e sudden and great changes in the poli ticsi' wovld of Queensland. I had resigned r.rr;?lf to' the Jp« of tales for the Eariing Dov.-nsj . had coir, for! ed myself', with the fho-.sLt thai, ilestor. would gel - his certificate bcf'.rePai-iianent isein met, in which ense he wo:;Id still be qualified to sit for So.-owood . ' lt-.': .fondly hoped and btiieved that the c-ok-ny ir'e-.i-' b-.able to struggle through without the | jrrwcscf oi Stubk-y in the Astembiy ; I eor.M t-.cv. have ecau.-..-:! with fortitude anil beccming roy^T-Liior. t!-e. r.vv-.-? -ci tie abdieaf'.--n of ±'r:ce- for VrK? Biy, of Swa.iwi.-k for Eu::^;'-i. o.- F e-dcriek Augustus tor Cook, if P:c~:den.Cs «'.- oi-i-.-c-dif. but tiji.-.:-e-:Hi..i;ion o: LusJey Hill is a.. stagger*:-. There is one t-:i! :'?-?«——? siiil iiave the member for Jfor i::« ?'??? ic the- As5»2.-jr.riy. He may be able to Kr»; '.he :n-;:r.or7 of the- subjection »rcen there, a:i-v wi.0 knows but that the new member for \'iie Gregory maybe a man after Stevenson's own Leart, and prepared to 'wire in' , on the E]:z?iT*st provocation to - Griffith, Dickson, G-j-rick, or But'.ecge on the one side, or poor Dc 3t££o on trie oihsr. Still, nothing can quite make up, I fesr, for the loss o* the faithful Lts-ey. There was in his Parliamentary ad totsct e boundless plenitude of ' cheek,' a wesltb of vituperative invective, a sub liir.:- disregard of simple fact in state ment, and a noble' scorn of logic in argu. meet that it would be difficult to match IE sny of ? tie four quarters of the cm li-?3 glob? — acd in nineteen ca*ea out of tir^ity ihc*e rare and exceptional powers were brought into exercise for the mere .fun of the SMr-s, cttn-ly regardless of consequences. If i: Izlvzd the psrty he supported and voted irhi.— ta =s-h'tiie better; if it injured, the ptrtj — «- math the worse for that party.; but hi .-Ji3 tc e»y what came into liis mind when tbe £i ra on, go Traitor whom it helped or ir- jtrsd. 'So;tjtbynS\,X fear, ? be a long time Ifξ ih* equal of llr: Lumley HiU, aVa par HiS«.:arT deafer &ad; legUlstor, will be found. ? /'Wh^hia Uiie Palmer's place as member; tar'Sceth VnraAraA in the Leeislative Af=cm Hrr Jhst U th* coition wiiich i? agitating purfjs't szzii d'j^n at this end of the colony iz*z '~*xr. I nzdentuA there will, be plenty o^t.z.cjjiii'rsit trie requisite qualiflcalicrns are so (fiKi.y r.iie~&auA; zvxu-j, the different, eandi C4tc» ffcit kJsh two 07 three of t3i«n could be ToVjii-i'-to cz.1 -wiidi u physicaliyUiupostible —tht tltixzit urill fcs porzled who to vote for. Tn'.Tsii c-zt -voA'tj Major, sboul as good a ram {wrionalh r« one couH with to mtet. I i:iVe not nod Hj tA&itu; jti, but I understand tha»- fii ???!»? 'a Cna believer in M'Ulwraith— nail torJriCt, iUtl rei'u contracts,, acd trans t-jn:i.-.=ntal raCway on the literal ked grant ey.tcrn, and eooiie labour included — with a strong leanin? to ProUetion to locsil ' irdiu tries ty the iapoiitiojrtWitavy Cusloias duties. Ke miy hi right in all tliu.7 ll'Ilwraith may be heuTcn-born ' statesman who,, in conjunction with MaerOisan, saved, the colony un'old w'* alth iii tho3e steel niL'3 contrucls, without iDJuricjjt Us own relatives acd friends in 'JEJi« slightesy degree; Hi mail tcnice may be' much more suitable for (he requirement* of the people at this end of the colony than any of the. speedier serrices to the southern colonies could possibly be, and hi» mauur of forcing I lie contract ui»n tho colony as a. purely party Question' without emendation or alteration inigh have' beea^iho'' wSest ''and most pa triotic UiingMhj could, possibly? have done. Still, the 'tpeople-Odo«ni here do uot sic these tilings in that light exactly, so far S3 I have been^ableto ascertain, and if John Sinclair is .elected, as I expect he will be, it wili be in spite, of his yiews regarding the Premier, and not in consequence of them. He will be supported on purely personal grounds, . and in the hope aud expectation that such :v ! thoroughly houest, genial, generous-hearted : fellow as. JohuSincluii', may* be safely trusted to represent the, interests^ ''Brisbane in Par lliamcnt,' and that general poh' tics are not a ^natter of much consequence after all. If the j'ands of the westarn interior are handed over to a syndicate,.- , on condition, of the syndicators making themselves a railway through the centre of them, it will ;not injure Brisbane to any appreciable extent; if coolits are introduced instead of European labourers, they will not compete with iEuropein labourers in and aiound the metro polis during the. present generation at all .events ; and the chances are ten to one ag-inst any more mail contracts or steel rail contracts being required- to be entered into while SI'Il wraith holds olfice, so that we know the worst on that subject, and it is no use crying over spilt milk. Ihis wili bo the tone and style of argument which I expect will decide the issue at the forthcoming election for Sorth Brisbane If there is. one thing I hate more than another it is the calculating lunatic who tells you- how much you would save, in the space of iifly years say, by abstaining from the use of tobacco ; drinking nothing j stronger il'.aa Enotgera water or very weak j tea; fcoli'.ig away no money on ihe-tres, cou L'tr's. or other ulaefis of amusement : SDendins no money on dress for the mere sake of per si'iiiil adornment ; nor on frivolous or trashy books, papers, or other selfish indulgences ? I don't want to know. I have read the lives of mauy .- noted- muers, and liave been sur prised at the, enormous sums of money they managed to accumulate by a rigid system of self-torture, continued through a long serie3 of years, until at last each one carried the thing:jii3tti trifle too far and died of starva tion', leaving enormous sums to be squandered away by their heirs-at-Iaw. But I cannot ;On sineutiouily saylthat I ever folt the slightes desire to imifato- their example. On the con trary; these records ' left an impression on my mind that men or women who cut down their expenses in thai manner could. not possiMy.be right in their minds. It requires ? no abstruse calculations to show that every one could save aheap of money if he only spent what- was absolutely . necessa/y to . hide his naked ness, ke*p;: him from starvation, and ' pro vide requisite shelter from the inclemency of the rr-Ort(1ia». Tlt-4r tirlint oavl-.iilv rmnd *vi'1ii!m Ilia savings be to him? — that is where I' always stick. 'And next to these calculators I de'e3t most the propour.ders of stupid genealogical riddles aboutintermarriages of different kinds, and the complicated results they lead to. The latest atrocity of this kind has been perpe trated by the Tumid Times, n New South ?\Vales provincial paper. This is what it A bridal party vras seoa in Tuinut, en route for cunrcli, the other 'day, whose relations with each other are somewhat complicated. The leader thereof was an elderly. Inn somewhat nsile iuai vigorous parson, who. liiiviu:-' been a widower, took unto himself a youthful sponst*, aud on the occasion we speak of the brother of this spouse was soiiiir to iua-ry a daughter of her husband's— tho ex-widower— by his llrst wife. After thu wedding, the joutiuul wife of the widower would be the .stepmother-in-law to her brother, sister-in-law ofhci- stei-dAKshttr; while her husband v.-ould be bolh :Lafiither und brothsr-iu-law of his Oanirhter. In tha proUiblo event of the junior coniile bnviiij; off spring, the elder pair would respectively combine the relation* of 'giimOfathsr and uncle, nnd bTauduiotber and aimt to 5'.iuh yoniijsiers. This family connection I further worked but sets very tangled. I should rather think so. But what is the good of attempting to work it out even so far as that ? If a man is so reckless as to marry his great grandmother, 'or a woman so lest to u sense of decency as to be married to her grand daughter's husband's broiher -it is no matter what becomes of tlu-si after ttat. They are unworthy of further notice. That is my firm conviction. 