BUNDABERG. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The machinery of local self-government has not run very smoothly in Bundaberg from the start. It started with a dead-lock and ended its existence by the townspeople finding the key ; it was dug up at the Victoria Hall on Tuesday night last ; it was in no way rusty ; it opened that dead-lock completely ; it was sup- posed to be a ratepayers meeting, but on the suggestion of one of the Aldermen, the Mayor requested the Aldermen to give the reasons why this lock was lying dead. Alderman O'Connell opened the ball by relating his reasons for the action he had taken in the matter. He said in brief that the question was whether the main street of the town should be made well or whether it should be made in such a way as to take all future rates to keep it in repair. He was an advocate that it should be done well, and was borne out in his actions by the highest authority. Alderman Adams followed. He thought the obstructionist to this mode would have rose at once after the remarks of Alderman O'Connell. He came to the meeting more as a ratepayer than an Alderman. He was in favour of draining the property on to the streets, and not the streets on the property. He had quoted the highest authority to bear out his actions as well as the town surveyor, and if the Council could not work let them all resign. He was prepared to do so if they (the Aldermen) went in a body. Alderman Gaffel said Adams had hoodwinked Alderman Rowland, and no "shen- nanican." Alderman Rowland put the whole blame on the Mayor because he had a will of his own, and would not give him his casting vote. He also said if the Aldermen coul not make a street one and a-half chain wide, kerb and channel it in a substantial manner, better let others do it. Alderman Isambert instanced a road being made for the Barolin Board 47 chains long, 22 feet wide, for seven hundred pounds, and maintained the streets ought to be made the same way. Mr. John Lamb as a ratepayer looked upon local Government as a boon, although there may occur hitches in detail. He was in hopes that the municipal work would be in full sail and well out to sea, but they found that even a jib was not hoisted, for they had got on the breakers of obstruction, not- withstanding the high authorities and town surveyor. He was of opinion that all that was wanted was to dig side drains, throw the earth in the middle, metal on that, and good streets would be made. Mr. W. E. Curtis, in a good speech, maintained if work was to be done it ought to be done well, and moved that the Council be requested to proceed with no work until after the next municipal election. Mr. Wright moved that no action be taken to cripple the Councillors in their actions. Mr. Haigh seconded Mr. Curtis' motion. Several others spoke. The meeting was lively through out. The motion was carried. A Council meeting took place next evening, all the Alder- men present. After the formal business and passing accounts were got through, the town clerk was appointed returning officer. They all resigned in a body, leaving the town without even the ghost of a Mayor. On Saturday night the clouds floating over head seemed surcharged with rain, and a glo- rious downpour was expected, but we were again doomed to disappointment. Wind there was, sometimes in fearful gusts. One of these gusts took one of the large sheds in course of erection for Mr. Cran as a charcoal house, and lifted the tennons out of the mortice holes, throwing it down with a fearful crash. The damage thus done will be something heavy, and retard the progress of the work. On Sunday morning, as the Bowen, steamer, came to port, she took the Scottish Hero in tow and brought her on to the Messrs. Youngs wharf at Fairymead, where she will discharge a quantity of sugar plant, after which she will be brought up to the refinery with other machinery. 