PICTURES IN PARLIAMENT EBAGE—LAURENS—2HMMO. (FROM OU« MFABOTTRSE CORli.ESPO!SDEKT. It is'straiige how one can trace simi- .laiities ,even .between* the most unlike objects.-,;, -Parliament; to my mind, re sembles a plize light There is No. 1 round, wjven blows are exchanged heavy and'fast, until one -side is cornered and falls, after which the bottleholders take 'tbe-meno'ntheirkneesaiioL.adm'inister lemonade and rub them up. Then time' Tiscalled and^at it they-go again.-- There ,haye-.beenvtwoor three 'fair.rallies"since -the House ,met, theu Opposition -always .getting the woist of it, and comisg up a "bit 1 '"greggy 7 "-when-, time was called. -They weifl; i( down" on Wednesday weak', mil jiitrtl-' put up tm i> bauds win.11 calkd upon on ^Thursday, "to-go'dovai under "the* ropes- J ®gain.'L :Tlus .paet/week-tnaj' be; looked upon as a rest preparatory to the subsidy round, which is reserved for the <30mmg week,, and the more lmportari set-to in " another place.-" When the big people retire from the ring to recuperate, then is the opportunity of the small fry or light weights, who favour tho " fancy" with an exhibition of their quality. Hence this week Messrs Laurens aud Nimmo came to the front and occupied most of the attention of the House, a fact Winch will account for the deserted benches and gallery. To these two gentlemen the-3oy was almost too great. Mr Laurens has of late made great strides. Both parties have coucluded that he hat a safe seat, and men with safe seats ever y.) hold their own m Parliament- Sir John O'Shanassy and Mr Mirams now patronise the North Melbourne bore, and should the more volatile- members feel disposed to groan when Mr Laurens rises, Sir John cries out "Chair," and Mr Mirams, "Can't you hear the man ; you ought to be ashamed of yourselves"; when the delinquents subside. Truly the sun is at last shining on the head of the member for North Melbourne, and the gleam of "Sice is seen afar off by him. As for Mr Nimmo, it was a relief for all that he was at last able to bring up the Harbor Trust Bill, grasping which, his hat shading his eyes, he has remained in hiB lonely corner for months, taking no interest in the work of the House, oblivious even to the Reform Bill, " the House forgetting, by the House forgot." To paraphrase Byron— * " To his eye there was but one beloved bill on earth, And that was iu his hand." When, therefore, he was summoned from his eyrie and sate him -down in company with Laurens at the table, I almost imagined he could have sung a nunc dinitUii, and in sheer joy have given up the ghost. If Mr Nimmo knew Horace he might well have whispered to Mr Laureus the poet's verses as paraphrased by Dryden— ' Happy tlie man and happy lie alone He who can call to-dayhis own j He who, secure within, can say, To-inorrow do thy worst, for I have lived to-day." The effect of these gentlemen's oratorv on me is like that of a nightmare. Tuesday was eminently somnolent. People pricked up their ears when Mr Patterson was replyiug to Mr W. M. Clark, the infantile member for Foots'cray! re automatic gates, for Mr Woods, who had just come in looked bellicose, but he satisfied himself with contradicting Mr P. about trains coming m fast or slow, instancing the " walk-over-the-crossing" placards of the City Council. Mr Woods with a tone of superb contempt said there waa no parallel between the cases; the quicker a train came m the less probability was there of passengers jumping out and getting mashed. Mr Patterson scowled, but said nothing. Then there followed a mild discussion on rabbits, during which everyone seemed at sea, and then Dr L. L. Smith went for the Yan Yean, which elicited from Mr Langridge that the water had improved" that day, at which Messrs Mirams, Richardson, Vale and other teetotallers gave a sigh of relief, looking forward no doubt to deep potations that night. Mr Patterson then comforted the House by stating that after the Exhibition closed there would be no travelling on the railways. The Reform Bill was then got through committee without remark, Mr Murray Smith getting the admission from Mr Berry that he would take the third reading next Tuesday, when there will be a marshalling of the forces. The discussion on the Estimates was mainly noticeable for a sharp tussle between Mr Francis and our splendidly bearded Commissioner of Customs, out of which the veteran came out on the wrong Bids of the fence. Mr Francis spoke of illegal appointments, and Mr Clark said the statements were untrue, when Mr Francis said if so there must be several scoundrels in the department. Mr Clark : " No doubt that." Mr Clark then arose, aud in his deep abdominal voicespokeand turned the table on his foe. Mr Francis could only feebly cry out when Mr Clark showed what good he had done, good that Mr Francis had not been game to do. " You went bang at it, that's what I complain of," said he. Well, answered Mr Clark, if he did go bang at it, in the Franciscan vocabulary, he'd made the department pay. " Yes, " put in Tom Bene, " because people are compelled to drink grog instead of bad Yan Yean," and he Beemed to hint that, rendered desperate by a falling revenue the Government had poisoned the water to compel the absorption of whiskey. Mr Bent then went for the Ministerial Bide generally, and offered to bet Mr Laurens, who was unusually lively, that he hadn't a copy of the reductions in the customs; and Mr Laurens looked beneath his seat and m lus hat, and failed to find them. Some talk ensued about the publichouse inspectors, the complaint being that no one ever heard of them, and this elicited from Mr Clark the pleasing statement that he had samples of liquors from all parts of the colony, and found they were only adulterated with water, "and bad enough, if it's Yau Yean," said Mr Bent. Ah! Mr Clark, if you took a glass of whiskey at an hotel not many hundred yards off where you were speaking you would have changed your tune. The last noticeable incident of this sitting was a wholesale attack made by Mr Bent on " our Boy Harry," the Minister of Mines. According to Bent Mr Williams was indulging in " trick o' the loop," which he condescended to explain meant dishonest work. In. fact, if Mr Bent is to be believed, Mr Williams is working the department for himself and his friends. There was a lot of " duckshovmg " going and if Mr M'Coll wasn't there he would tell a story about the Richard Heales Co., and what lie had to pay. "Two-pence a share " cried Mr M'Coll, Mr Burrowes insinuated tlie duckshovers came from Brighton. " No?' cried Mr Bent ff they belonged -to Sandhurst, and they , took, in the Brighton orphans.'- Here Mr Bent posed as an", orphling" in so : comical a- manner that the House roared; and Mr M'Coll, Mr Williams, and Mr.Burrowes looked as if they could eat the orphan. ; Good progress, -however, was made; and the House adjourned m a good-humour. As it was known that .private business, would be before the House on Wednes- -: day, and that the Irish members would ' insist on an adjournment over St Patrick's " Day; which the other members would be afraid to resistj tliere was a general set- to. . Country members: could not be absent from the local St Patrick's sports, whereby '•'; many votes could be secured. The evening was entirely devoted to Laurens and Nimmo. Mr -Laurens started; ..with his Local Government Act; Audit Bill,- the reason-for which is; that Hotham has more money than it wants to pay its loan with, ':; but as the local bodies in most members' '; districts never have' sufficient cash to, ', meetibeir expenditure, it was but reasonable (hteycouldnot understand the matter, easily/and were 4ncredulous;;in-facV3hey - fancied Mr Laurens had some game on hand.: The ;• way: ,;membersfloundered when tliey spoke on it was amusing, even- Mr Pattetson, clear-headed as lie is, got into a muddle, and the way Mr LaurenB towered above his fellows for once was grand. He would rise aud explain, s.nd members would follow and say they couldn't understand,-and Mr Laurens would shriek-at IbefcSor > their' 'stupidity.' 1 -Mt Murray- : Smith-even joined-thfe'.melee to 'thrairlight upon darkness, but got jnto a Ser-. boman fog.'to quote Mr Quick, xif 'figutes and.-gave it up Mr Laurens at last "got - the HbuBe iutowch-aiog that fcsntooiiV, feir cliance o£ running through his bill while nieniberswere m despair, but Mr Ifem was on the watch and begau to stonewall. ' He. couldn't understand the bill, and he wouldn't until Sir Laurens' amendment vraem print. Then the member for, North Melbourne got mad, and insinuated that Mr Bent opposed the bill because theHotliam. Council - made him pay same rates. .This put Mr Bent on his mettle andthebill waa lost forthat niglit. Mr Bent said thcHotharaitesiad swindled him ; they had let a tenant's rates rua on for tiro years until 3ie went insolvent, and then made Mr Bent-pay them, althojigh he had received no rent. The bill was hung up, and Mr Ramsay tried to run through hia. Pensions Abolition- Bill, but Mr Patterson stopped bim and prevented his taking tbe credit of a very useless though clap-trappy measure., The remainder of the night was devoted to Mr Nimino's Harbour Trust Bill. Mr. Laurens acted as help, and nicely the pair got muddled over .the suggestions and amendments. JJven Mr Zox.pitied them.. and called on Mr Vale to givethema hand, but he didn't. However, fair progress was made. -The close of the sitting was noticeable .for the successful attempt: to adjourn over St. Patrick s Day. Mr: Vale resisted Sir Bryan O'Loghlen and others, but when Mr M'Kean arose and declared that the reason why Mr Vale refused was that there was no Irishman in the MiniBtry, the Attorney-General had nothing to do except give in, which he did with some grace. Upon my word Mr Tale is becoming guile tamed ; he will presently be as pohte.as-Mr Tnrveydrop. His liver must be getting all ncht; there can be no obstruction in the biliary ducts. 