BISHOP HEDLEY ON THE BIBLE. The newly-enthroned Bishop of Menevia, on Sunday evening, delivered at St. Peter's, at Cardiff, tlie first of a course of lectures on questions of the flnv. The church was crowded. Bishnn Hedlev said his subject that evening would be "The Bible." It \vas, he said, the duty of the Catholic Church to take advantage of the discussions which arose on questions of the (lay, so as to defend their own principles; and if possible, enlighten others. The words, " Bible," " Bible truth," &c;„ were fre quently heard, and the Bible was held up bv some 11s the distinguishing mark of the Protestant Re formation, aud the " open Bible" was set up as what was' to smite what was called Romanist per version. But about eleven years ago that assembly of Anglican Bishops, &c.;, known as the House of Convocation, resolved to appoint a committee to "revise the authorised versiou of the Old aud New Testaiment, aud correct such mistakes as were found iu the Greek and Hebrew versions from which the others were drawn. Cardinal Newman, Dr. Pusey, aud others, for reasons of their own, de clined- to take part in the work, but a committee was appointed, and it was said that in the ensuing mouth of May the result of their labours would be " printed and laid before the world. There was no doubt this prospect caused uneasiness in the minds of some Prosestants, because it seemed subversive of Protestantism altogether, inasmuch as that was said to be dependent on the Bible. They did not know what changes might have been made, such as leaving out the word " hell," and substituting ' liudes." " gebenna perhaps abolishing the words bishops and priests, and substituting overseers and elders ; substituting breath for spirit, &o.; But the original Hebrew aud Greek were to be revised also. Ouly a few of tlie old text Greek Testaments were in existence, and these disagreed with each others and disagreed with the Latin Vulgate, which was a translation from a much older version than any now found. There was a passage in the first Epistle of St. John, and the 7th verse : "For there are three that bear regard in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost, and these three are One." It was considered to bear upon the Divinity of Christ, &c.;, but it did not appear in the Greek. : and was almost certain to be left out of the new 5 English versiou, so that if a man had cherished it from his childhood, what he had been building upon was now taken away, The authorised Eng. :lish version now in use was that known as King ! James' Bible, and having given a brief history of that, the Bishop letnarked that while the Catholics had the same books iu their Bible, the English or Anglican, divided theirs into two parte, calling one the Apobrypha — the unauthorised — and, to a cer tain extent, it was looked upon as not being the Word of God. But Luther and Mclanchtheon re- jested portions of the New Testament, because, they said, they did not agree with Christ's teach ings. He dwelt at some length, upon the difficul ties surrouuding'more particularly the uneducated) , when.it was said that he must accept the Bible as the only rule of life and faitli, and went on to say that tlie Catholic who accepted it in conjunction with the teachings of the Church, had not such a strain put upon him when unbelievers and critics talked to him. The Bibie taught -them of a living . and a teaching Church, and while the Protestont who" could not trace back the Bible to its source might be in doubt as to its being tlie Word of God, or its being inspired by God, the Catholic traeed it back by and to its teachers. He did not expect men to believe that every word was inspired, but as it came from the apostles, and was carried down tiiey had records showing that in the fourth century they- had a canon, or list of the books of the Bible, though they were then scattered, and they were told then to believe them all alike. The Catholic did not read liis B;ble to know and find out his faith ; he had that principally from the lips of his pastor. The Church was the keeper of the Bible, and could she be blamed if she kept her band upon it aud upon its translations ? The reason why she had spoken strongly against translated versions in the fifteenth century was owing to the terrible social pestilence in the shape of heresies which raged at that time, and which affected the trans lations of course. If there were pages in the Bible so terribly direct to be placed in the hands of the faithful, that rule did not differ from that of nature itself. The Church had nothing to fear from the Bible, for had she not been its keeper for centuries 7 Iu the Bible slie fouud taught as its main rule that there was a living, never-failing, teaching On srian Church.' — (The distinguished prelate has propounded a theory which in the Middle Ages engulphwl the world in tribulation and death ; and no -doubt it will coutinue to foster scepticism lonsr aft.er his lordship has learnt the "grand secret." — Ed. 