to tbx amrroB. Sir— As there » a greai aeu oi miscon ception with regard to the above subjeoU at present, especially amongst us poor boot makers, and as all our factories are to be closed |)JU BUI kUu TTWI Illlyrn w*t vuu ihvwiiw w»ih - «m.Q v-» k free-trade policy is carried out, I wonld ask who 1* it that has enabled the proprietors of Factories to get rich, especially the would-be member for East Adelaide? Is it not the public that has been obliged to pay what they have almost liked to ask for their goods. I apprehend nothing so very dreadful to us poor workmen if shoes were brought into the colony' free of duty, for the leather woald also be brought on as well free of duty, and Mr. John fob could get the same amount of profit with less capital, and the public would have better materials— what to call leather in Borland— I do not know what they call it ib Australia, and I have followed the trade thirty-six years in the old country and over five years in South Aus tralia. I do not know why all tbe commisera tion Is felt for the shoe factories and shoe makers at the present moment, but it seemi hard that those who bad to fight for the glorious principles of free-trade should, in 1881, hare to fight the same principles over again in South Australia. Tbe dreadful things that are to happen if a free trade policy is carried out are only like Pepper's ghost — there is no reality in them. All the experience i n other part* proves that free trade has been the greatest blessing that ever happened to all classes of sooiety. Let any one who doubt* what I say laok into the subject carefully, as it would take too long to go into now. Why do not the people, if protection is best, carry out the prinoinlea in their integrity, and not let tbe goods from East Adelaide be imported to the inhabitants of West Adelaide, and vice vtria, I Bty from ex perience that protection cripples trade and commerce. While it makes a few rich, it i» starvation to tbe masses and a blight to the best interest of any country. I am, Bir, be, NoiHiwa LutE Good Lbitiibb. Glenelg. 