We nrc willing fo accord to tlio Minister of Lands and tlio Government credit for being sincere in their wish to protect tlio selectors against exorbitant claims for compensation lor nnguariting on tlio part ot the squatters, but in all frankness and sincerity, wo tell them they are laying themselves open to tlio charge of playing into Iko hands of the squatters in this matter. If tlio Bill to regulato , ringbarlcing pass in the form in which it went through the House on Thursday evening, wo vonture to predict that thcro will bo trouble among the selectors, and that the Go vernment will find their prestige more damaged by this measure than by anything that has happoned during the session.' Wo can not understand how a House of soventy-two members could, consent to pass a measure, tho-effect of which is, to say tho least of it, very doubtful, unless it was that Mr. M'Elhone's violent language in " advocatiug tho interests of tho selectors hnd turned honourable mombers against them. His language was utterly without excuso j but it was prompted by tho anticipation of tho manner in which tho selector can bo harassed and ground down under this measure. If tho mensuro is not ' amondod, it should bo ignominioualy thrown out on tho third reading. No ono is . moro fully persuaded than wo are that legislation is required to protect tho selector from tho extortionate demands of tho Grown lessees ; but tho Bill, which was framed ostensibly for this purpose, and which was agreed to by a majority of 41 to 31 in the Legislative Assembly on Thurs day night, will have tho opposite effect. Wo might almost say its proper title should bo " A Bill to provide for; " tho Mortgaging of Grown Lands to the " Squatters." Under its convenient pro visions tho Crown lessee will bo ablo to shut tho selector out entirely. Tho policy .of tho country has hitherto boon to ' pro mote settlement, but this innocent-looking measure . reverses tho order of things, and puts it .within, .tho powor of the .pastoral 'tenant to upset tbo provisions: of the Laud Act. This is no mere fancy. It is a positivo fact. /Undor tho 4th cIqubo of tho Itingbark- lug Bill -the Grown lossco can summarily recover 'from tho soloetor compensation of tho cost, inourred in ringbarking,-. If, there- fore, the Crown lessee chooses to incur 5s or Gs an ncro for work which might bo done for 9d, ho obtains a practical mort gage of the land. To avoid this it was proposed to limit the amount that it sbould be legal to recover for ringbarking, but this limitation did not meet with the approval of hon. members. Even tho proposal to insert the words " what such ringbarking " ought reasonably to have cost" wns rejected. Such an amendment would have put a stop tp fictitious charges, and in that way have facili tated settlement. But it was thrown ont and the Bill, as it stands, hands over the public estate to tho Crown lessees without any limit to tho amount for which they may choose to mortgage it. This is the grand result of the efforts of hon. members to stop the extortionate demands of the Crown lessees. Wo do not think that tho Government have properly considered the effect of tho working of the 4th clause. The Bill has been so long before the House, and there has been so much trouble about it ono way or another, that Ministers and all parties are anxious to get rid of it. Hence this injudicious hurry. But this is not wise legislation, nor will it impress the selectors with the idea that their interests are much cared for by the Assembly. Mr. Baker, who introduced the measure, voted with the majority on Thursday night against the re-committal of the Bill. We must say wo are somewhat sur prised at this, for he, as tho Minister who in troduced it, should bo regarded as having tho greatest interest in its being made a success, and he cannot contend that tho wording of the provision in the fourth clause for tho pay ment of compensation to the pastoral tenant by the selector will not open tho door to great abuses. The clause states thnt compensation for ringbarking shnll not bo recovered unless tho pastoral tenant has received permission from the Minister to ringbark, and un less tho effect of such ringbarking has been to increase tho value of the Ifinri fn f.lt rt cnl/infoi Tltn o!onr/i tlmn goes on to Bay : " And in every case tlio claim " for compensation in respect of such ring- " barking, whether tho same has been carried " out belore or after the passing of this Act, " shall be limited to the actual cost thereof." This sounds very fair nnd reasonable, but it does not rcquiro much consideration to sec how easily this provision may ho used by shrewd and unscrupulous lessees to levy black-mail on tho selectors, or to prevent their selecting at all. The selector must pay tho actual cost of tho ringbarking. It inny not be a reasonable or nil ordinary cost, but may be a fancy ono, such as a squatter determined to keep off tho selector from his domains would indulge in. There is no going behiud tho words of tiie clause in order to guard against any trick or evasion' of the object of tho measure. The " actual coat " must bo paid, and it will be astonishing, after this measure passes into law, to find what a rise in the prieo of ring barking has taken place. Tho conscientious squatter will pay a high price and chargo it, but tho unprincipled lessee, if by chanco there may bo such a person, will pay as little as possible, but will have his receipt framed to order. Such things have been known to happen. Tho workman has been required to sign a receipt for an amount in excess of what ho has been paid, within tho memory, and probably within tho experience of many of us. If the workman has demurred, an extra pound or two has satisfied his conscientious scruples, and no impertinent inquiries have been mado as to tbo genuineness of tho receipt. Then neighbourly squatters could enter into mutual contracts to do each others ringbarking on suitable terms, and how are the Government to find out tho swindle? Of course it is highly improper to hint such things about tho pastoral tenants ; but then wo have to remember that human nature is fallible, and is very prone to regard No. 1 in preference to tho other numbers. How can Ministers with a Wisdom among. tbem commit such blunders as hold out a strong temptation to people to turn a dishonest penny ? What can Mr. Iloskins, with his knowlcdgo of the world, bo thinking of, to treat all pastoral tonants as paragons of honesty, who, despite tho combined influence of gain and grudge, would treat tho selectors with tho utmost magnanimity ! Mr. Fitzpatrick put the case very forcibly in hiB speech on Thursday night, nnd ho is no mean authority on the subject. IIo is frnnk and outspoken, which is moro than wo can say for some gentlemen who took part in the debate, nnd who should know better than their speeches would imply. Mr. Pilchcr is re ported to have said, " Why should the "selector not pay tho fair value of ring-, "barking?" This is tho gist of tho whole question, " What is the fair value?" Mr. I'ilcher knows as well as any man that the " actual cost " may not in all cases bo the fair value of the work, nnd that there is no certain meanB of ascertaining tho " actual " cost," although there is of ascertaining pretty nearly tho prieo thnt should bo fairly charged. This the selectors are willing to pny, Why cannot tho Bill be so worked as to ex press this ? If it is beyond tho powor of tho Government nud of tho House to come to a satisfactory definition let the Bill bo thrown out, for, if passed, it will bo a premium upon roguery, and will do moro to discourage settle ment than any measure thnt has passed since tbo famous Orders in Council. Tho case of Mrs. Andrews, which was heard at the Water Police Court on Thurs day, should apparently act as a warning to wives who interfere with tho peculiar procli vities of their liege lords. From tho evidence given before tho magistrates, it appears that Mr. Andrews prefers living at an hotel to residing in his own houso with his wife and children, and tho statement was made that this arrangement costs him £40 per week, Mrs. Andrews objects to all this, nnd she went to tho hotel on tho 17th of last month for the purpose of see ing her husband, but according to her account she was refused that favour by the landlord, the result of tbo refusal being that the disap pointed wife used some strong language, for which she was summoned to appear at the Police Court, and after heaving tho caso the magistrates ordered her to find security, her self in £10 nnd two others of £5 each, that she would not misbehave herself in a similar way for six months, or in default of the guarantco go to gaol for a month. If tho state ments of the wife aro correct, it is pretty certain' that her husband is undergoing tho process commonly known as being " lambed down," and it was very unfortunate that Andrews himself was not summoned as a witness to give evidence in the case. If bo is spending money at the rate of £40 peri weok, his appoarauco should have been good testimony as to tho real merits of tho matter, and considering tho revelations which have recently been mado with respect to what may: happen to men in public bouses, we fancy the magistrates obould have remanded tbo case for tho production of the man who it was stated was subject to delirium tremens — ono of "the ills that a drunkard is heir to. Unfortunately, there is no other way of ascer taining what conditiou- Andrews is in. HiB wife cannot see him, and tho police have no power to enter, the house to look after bira — provided that ho. requires looking after. Possibly ho may fall into their hands, and that of .the Coroner, but then his mouth will be closed, so that ho will be unablo to give information concerning tho treatment he had received in' the hotel. It may bo thnt the lunn does not caro to livo at homo in conse- queueo of domestic differences, and that ho is leading a porfcclly steady and economic life whore ho id, but nothing would havo bc/eu easier than to prove this by his own evidence if ho is in his sober senses. It will cost his wife £10, nnd two friends £5 each, to make any further inquiries about him during the next six months, unless she elects to go to gaol for one month, and so curtail the term of her non-interference by fiyo months, but it might turn ont that at tho end of six, or even ono month, it would bo too late to interfere. This somewhat peculiar case " point a " moral," which is, tho necessity of an im mediate amendment of the Act, that in tho Statute Book is called " Liquor (Licensed " Sale of)." We nrc aware that there is a Bill now before the Assembly, the object of which, according to its title, is "To remodel " the law relating to publicans nnd other "persons engaged in tho sale of liquor." It is to-day two months within one day sinco this Bill was introduced by the Premier, and it is now in oxactly the same position as it was on tho 7th Jnly. The time of the session is slipping away, and to all present appearances this question of reforming or nraending tho licensing law that has been dangling (before Parliament so long will be just where it is now two months hence, nnlcss tho idea of passing what is called a " comprehensive measure" is aban doned, and the Government comes to the de termination to introduce a short Bill which would cnnblo tho police authorities to more practically interfere with the abuses of tho liquor trade, that are so notoriously ram pant. The Bill, that has been before the Assembly for two months, consists of one hundred and three clauses, and for all present and practical purposes, it would bo greatly amended by striking out one hundred and ono of tbem, leaving tbo 21st and 52nd clauses only " to stand part of the question." We offer this opinion in no spirit of an tagonism to thoso who are the advocates of Local Option, tho reform of tho licensing UOUWI1V3 VUlUUjjUUUII vliu LUIUIIj J U1 bUIUw other of the amendments in theJJIicensing law, which the Bill now under consideration con templates, but wo do so for tho simple reason that wo consider it would be better to do something at once jthan run the risk of doing nothing for an indefinite period. Instead of grasping at tho shadow of a " comprehensive measure " which is not likely to be pnssed this sossiou wo would advise securing the substance of a practical and powerful amendment of the existing law ; and we submit that if the two clauses in the proposed now Act were added, as an amend ment, to tho present one, tho good results would be immediate and material. Two of the cardinal flaws in the present Licensing Act are that the police authorities have no power to enter hotels to seo what is going on inside, and that there is no punishment pro vided for publicans who supply intoxicated persons with drink. Tlio 21st cluuse of tbo Bill now before the Assombly would rectify one of these evils, and tho 52nd would remedy tho other. Under tho former, it is provided that any mngistrnto or polico officer, or any constable, authorised in writing by any superintendent of police, may demand entrance into any licensed premises at nny hour of the day or night, and, if refnsed admission, may " break iuto such premises." Wo are aware that this right of cntranco into hotels is objected to by some pcoplo on the claptrap ground thnt every man's house is his castle ; but experience has proved that those who keep well- conducted liconscd " castles" havo no reason to fear nn annoy ance from such a law being in force. More over, it baa been found that the delegation of such a powor to tho polico authorities is tho surest nnd almost the only way to protect tho trade from being polluted by such sinks of iniquity as exist under tho immunity of doors closed ' against police supervision. With respect to the 52nd clause of the new Bill, its enactment would do more, in our opinion, to advance tho cause of temperance than Local Option or any othor provision which could bo suggested by tho united wisdom of tomperanco reformers. It pro vides that any publican supplying any intoxi cated person with liquor shnll be liable for tho first offence to a penalty of livo pounds, and for a second offence be liable to bnvo bis license forfeited. Now, we put it to those who aro petitioning Parliament in favour of tlio comprehensive Bill introduced this ses sion, whether it would not bo better for them to devote their energies and influence to gotting these two clauses added to the existing law than to wasto them in tho vain endeavour to got tho wholo Bill, with the amendments they demand, pnssed into law ? Supposing the polico had the right to enter such hotels as they know are disreputably conducted ; that all publicans supplying drunken men and women with drink could bo prosecuted, and that if tho enforcement of such n law was specially entrusted to an energetic officer — sav Inspector Auderson — what would, or rather would not, bo the result? Wo pause for a roplv from thoso who think that it is better to leave the law as it is until the distant day comes, when their longed for comprehensive measure will supersede the existing act, tho greatest flaw in which is that tho police have no power to put its latent principles into operation. The kudos accorded to tlio police for tlio suppression of a Chinese gaming house iii Goulburn-strcct, and tho arrest and conviction of a number of the nlmond-oyod players, is likely to bo disturbed by the decision given in tho Full Court last week. Tho Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Windeyer held that pak-uli-pu was not a game, but a lottery, and if it were not a gamo tho four defendants who appealed could not bo considered tho keepers of a gaming house. Tho . clement of timo seemed, in tho opinion of their Honors, to constituto tho dis tinction. The players bought their tickets when they chose, and on a certain at'tomoon met for tho distribution of tho prizes, which took placo by chance. Eighty tickets arc sold, 80 numbers aro put in four jars, and tho holders of tlio numbers in ono .of thorn divide the spoil. Presumably, if they choose to take oiglity more tiekots, and there and then go through tlio jar trick, tho gamo would bo pak-ah-pu. Tho amusement might bo prolonged for an indefi nite period ; and if it were, would not this be, to all intonts and purposes, gaming, and would not tho lessee of tho premises bo tho keeper of a gaming houso ? But if Li Chi nnd his throb friends did not keen a gaming house, because no game was played at it, what becomes of tho cases of thoso Cliincso who wcro lined for play ing at what tho Court has decided is not a game? And we may ask, what is tho opinion of tho Chinese themselves of this amusement? Re cently, several of the Cliincso merchants in this city interviewed the Colonial Secretary, and askod him to tako stringent steps to put down this gamo, as they call it, of pnk-uh-pti, on ac count of its demoralising infiuenco, both upon themselves and Europeans who were tempted to indulge. Perhaps tho polico may bo moved now to pro3couto Li Chi and his friends for getting up a lottory. Thoro is very little encouragement for thorn to do so. Tlio Chief J ustico seeniB to havo hold tho opinion that tho Court should not strain tho law to inako offences which nro not presented as such in tlio common law. We should havo imagined that if over thcro was nn instanco when a technicality should bo passed over this gaming caso was one.. It clearly came within Tho meaning and- spirit of tlio law, and wo havo no doubt withiiri tho intentions of tho Legislature. Should the- polico prosocuto tho pak-ah-pu bankers for- lottery, -his Honor may by that time havo dis covered that it" is a game, and tho. indictment may therefore again como to the grand jury. : There has been further disturbance in Ire land, In county Limerick, on September -1, at a large gathering of peasants', tho constabulary who were stationed on tho ground to main- tain order were attacked. Tho polico flrcd on the peasants, more or less seriously wound ing lu . persons. According to tho special- cor- respondent of tho Times in India, Avoub lihan, who is. at present at Candahar, has issacd a pro. clamation tn which ho . declares . ho will not fight against the Amoer Abdul Rahman, but invites recruits from the Afghans for a "jehad " or holy war against the British. This, however, ir believed to be only n ruse on the part of Ayoub Khan to obtain the arms of the adherents of the Aineer to his own cause. The Legislative Assembly will meet at hnjt-pnst 7 this evening. A number of questions, chiefly of interest to particular constituencies, will be asked by hon. members. The following important motion. will bo submitted by Mr. Fletcher: — " That this House will, -on Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of tho Whole to consider the follow ing resolutions : 1. That, taking into consideration the great quantity of rails which will be required on the new railways sanctioned by Parliament, this House is of opinion that tho interests of the country would be best served by having a portion of the said rails manufactured in the colony from nntive ores. 2. That, considering the largo nmount of capital which will be required for the establishment of an industry of this character, the Government should without delay call for tenders in the colony for the manufacture of ft sufficient quantity of rails to lay 250 miles of railway, tho snid rails to be manufac tured from native ores. 3. That the price per ton of rails should not exceed tho average price paid for rails imported during the last ten years. Mr. Copeland will ask the House to consent on Friday to consider in n Committee of the Whole tho desirability of affirming that the Australian colonics should bear half the cost of maintaining the Australian Squadron, and that the portion of New South Wales of such expenditure shall be paid out of the proceeds of land sales. The opening contests for the Walker Whisky Trophy were rowed yesterday. Judging by the attendance, which was not large, tho rowing did not excite nearly so much public iutcrest as the Rush-Laycock match of last week, but tho final heat may fan popular excitement. Three of the four heats were very well contested, and the race between Trickott and Power was alone well worth the trip to sec. The events passed off smoothly enough, with the exception of the dilatorines3 of the competitors in coming to the post, there being no foul3 or protests. Tlio weather was not the most propitious, and tho water especially ill the curiy pure ot i-nc nucruouu w.is very lumpy # xuc next heats will bo rowed to- morrow. Thcro was again a numcrou attendance at the meeting of the School of Arts Debating Club last night, when tho debate on the question as to the social effects of the extensive employment of women in the avocations hitherto confided to the male sex was resumed. Mr. Dingle presided, and the debate, which lasted until a Into hour, and had ngain to be adjourned, was of a very animated description. The motion affirming that ill ctfccta to society were likely to result from the employ ment of females in the occupations of men was supported by Messrs. II. A. Price and G. Dingle, nud opposed by Messrs. II. H. Kingsbury, A. J. Lidddl, U. J. Griffiths, and W. M. Thomas. The debate will bo resumed next Monday evening. Among the recent arrivals in Sydney is Mr. E. W. Pearson, the Australasian manager of the Crosslcy Telephone Company, of London nnd Halifax, England. Mr. Pearson lias, we under stand, brought out with him a variety of electrical apparatus, in addition to the speciality of his com pany — the telephone. On Sunday last an attempt was made with the Crosslcy instruments to speak through from Sydney to Melbourne, over a tele- gragh wire. Although, owing to what is called " induction." uud the high win-l prevailing at the time, causing so loud a crackling noise in Hie receiver as to give the operators a bad headache, the experiment was not quite successful, only a very faint sound of the voice being heard from Melbourne, perfectly audible conversation was carried on between Melbourne and Albury, thus establishing the practicability of speaking over a distance of 200 miles. Between Sydney and l'ur- rnmnttn the " talking" was as distinct as that of two persons conversing in the same room, Mr. Penrson is staying at Pfahlcrt's Hotel. We have much pleasure in recording, that by the last mail news has arrived of the distinguished success of another of our colonial youths. Mr. J. Hubert Murray, the son ot the bite President of the Legislative Council, Sir Terence Aubrey Murray, has succeeded at Magdalen College, Ox ford, in gaining n deiniship of £1)5 for five years against eighty competitors. Mr. Uubort Murray received his primary education at the Sydney Grammar School, where lie took many prizes— notably the Junior and Senior Knox prizes. We have received n pamphlet by Mr. S. Pepper- corno, C.E., " On Rainfall and Water Conservation in New South Wales," printed by John Sands, of 37-1 George-street. This littlo work gives an in teresting history of the succession of droughts und floods in this colony, and refers to tho formation of subterranean reservoirs through the percolation of rivers ; and after briefly, noting the discovery of Artesian wells, the writer gets to its thesis that water is allowed to run to waste that could well be saved. " Suffering as the colony of New South Wales has done sinco its formation, from the defi ciency of surface water," lie savs, " thousands and tens of thousands of millions of gallons may be seen daily running to waste in the livers of its eastern watershed ; .and as nil of the water poured by these rivers into tho sea is a part of what had been precipitated as rain, it is thus lost to tho colony, in so far ns tho pro motion of agricultural and mining operations is concerned ; since it is a well established fact that every gallon of water which can be kept back from tho sen, retained and evaporated, aud again absorbed by Hie soil, promotes vegetation, and i3 so much gain to the district— while tho large quantity which is allowed to run to waste shows how very largo must be that at the command of tho colonists, to use for their own benefit if it so pleases them." Altogether, Mr. Peppercorne's work is well worth perusal, and thoughtfully compiled. We have received from tho publishers, Messrs, Gibbs, Shall arc), and Co., tho Illustrated Sydney News for September. It is an excellent number, containing a large variety of engravings, including some very interesting Fijian scenes and skeichcB, besides several loc.tl landscape views. The letter press isappropriate and entertaining, and the issue is' rendered additionally attractive by a large coloured plate presented with it in the form of a supplement, representing a pair of emus on a plain— the malo hatching the eggs, while the female, according to the custom of these birds, mounts guard close by, and watches for tbo approach of danger. A novelty is also introduced in the form of a lnrge coloured advertising sheet, entitled " Tho Chinese Invasion," in which a number of prominent political authorities are mixed up with Chinamen sandwiched witli advertising boards. The Registrar-General's report on tho vital statistics of Sydney nnd suburbs for July is to hand. The births recorded in Sydney numbered 285, 1-15 males aud 110 females, being 135 more than tho deaths of the month, and -10 below the quinquennial average. 'J he deaths numbered 150, 83 males and 07 femnics, being 29 less tban the average for the preceding five years. There were 15 violent deaths, 11 deaths, or 29 30 per cent, of tlie total number, took place in public institu tions, In the metropolitan division (Sydney and suburbs) tho births numbered 731, and deaths 290, being respectively 2 nnd 32 more than the num bers registered, in Jnly last year. The iufantile mortality in Sydney was at the rate of 21-00 per cent., which is 95S per cent, below the quinquennial average. The percentage in the suburbs was 42-80 or 2-95 less than the aver age. Tho percentage of deaths to population in each ward of the municipality was ns follows : — Gipps, 0 08 ; Bourke, 0 81 j Brisbane, 0-1-1 ,- Mnc- quarie, 0-10 j Cook, 011 ; Fitzroy, 0-13 j Phillip, (JOS ; Donison, 0-10. Tho percentage of deaths to population of each district was as follows :— Syd ney, 0-1-1 ; Balmain, 012 j Globe, 0 09 ; Newtown, Dirlington, Camperdown, Maedonaldtown, Oil : ltcdfcrn, Waterloo, O i l ; P.addington, Itandwiek, Wiivcrle.y, Woollahra, 0 09 ; Canterbury, 0-1-1 ; St. Leonard's, Manly, 0 03; giving an averago per centage of 0-13. In the suburbs thcro were -1-18 births (222 males and 221 females), being 301S in excess of deaths, and 103 abovo tho quinquennial average. There were 110 deaths (78 males and G1 females), being 22 above tho quinquennial average, Tho annual ball in nid of St. Viucenl's Hospital takes place at the Exhibition Building to-night, and, judging from tho past, it ougiit to bo a most enjoyable reunion. His Excellency Lord Augustus Loftu3 nnd the Most Noblo tho Marquis of Nor- rannbyand suite have announced their intention of being present. For tho convenience of suburban visitors a train will . leave Sydnoy at 3 a.m. on \\\ ednesdny, the morning after the ball, calliog at all stations between Redl'orn and Parramattn. . Professor A, P. Rudolplie, the celebrated billiard- ist, has lately arrived in Sydney, from America, and proposes giving a series of his popular enter tainments with tho finger and cue. Tho manner in which Professor Rudolphs manipulates tho ball with his fingers is described by the American and English press as being something marvellous, A somewhat enrious ease carao under tho notice of tho magistrates at tho Central Polico Court yesterday, when a man named William Rose, was charged by Emma Everall with being unlawfully on her premises, in Fowler-street-. From the evi dence given, it wonld seem that for some time past the prosecutrix had been persecuted by the pri soner, who was always waylaying her,, and wanted her to marry him, notwithstanding tho fact that he know she was a married woman living with her husband. On one occasion, a few days ago, on her again refusing to commit- bigamy, ; prisoner said lie .would out her throat if she did not comply with his demand. On Saturday ho went to hor house, when she ordered him nway, nud ho went, hut a. couple of hours. afterwards- ho was found- on' his bands hnd knees undor one of the beds in an upper -room. Ho was. then given into cur ,dy. When charged yesterday he refused to give any account of his strange conduct, aud was sentenced to a month's imprisonment,- The State Children's Relief Board met at the Colonial Secretary's office yosterdny, when there were present : — Dr. 3 ten wick, M .L. A , (president), in tho chair; Mrs, Garran, Mrs, Windoyor, and Miss Stuart. Tho.. correspondence: received and rent since tho previous meeting was read, and the president nnnouiiced that in consequence of the regulations required under the Stnto Children Relief Act having been adopted, the Board were in a position to, place ont children without delay ' The boarding-oiit officer presented his u"uai monthly report, from which it aopeared that the homes of State children placed out in the neigh bourhood of Sydney and at Wandellnma, Bowral nnd Menangle had been inspected during August' The children were all enjoying exellcnt health, and seemed to have very happily adapted themselves to their family life. When old enough, they regularly attended school, cbnrch, and Sunday rchool. The boarding-out officer; indeed, spok" enthusiastic illy of the way the. new method of pro viding for the children of the State wns working and stated that tho great majority of the homes lio had visited afforded as psrfect a realisation of the boarding-out system as could be desired. Mnny applications for children had been received during the past month, and inquiries into them had led to the belief that there would bo no difficulty in ob taining nny number of such homes that might bo required, Tho Board directed that a number of children should bo placed out immediately, and the meeting then closed. . Patrick Fceny, a lad under the nge of 1 7, was yesterday charged at the Central Police Court with robbing ono of his mates of the sum of £2. lie was ordered to pay a fine of 20s, or suffer 7 days imprisonment. The following slight cases were attended to at the Infirmary yesterday, viz : — Ben. Stocker, of George- street, found on Queen'3 Wharf In' an attack of convulsions ; admitted. John Hulcnhv of Gas-lane, abscess on arm, caused through falUn on a stone. Mary Sheen, Woolloomooloo, fracture of left clavicle, in consequence of receiving a kick from a borse.| A. ice Cook, Albion-street, abscess on leg. Mary Ann Harris, injury to eyelids, through assault by q man. George Summerfield, injury to thumb, result of previous dislocation. A man named Oneir, from the schooner Victor, shattered fingers, tho result of nn accident, with n cartridge. Early yesterday morning n man named Thcodor Hansen, nged 28, was brought to the Infirmary bv a constable, suffering from vomiting nnd shock caused by having fnllen down the hold of the s.s. Australia, where he had Iain the whole'of the pre vious night. Ho was examined by Dr. Mollitl, nnd found to be suffering from a slight graze only at the back of his head and on the back. No traces of broken bones or fractured ribs could be discovered, but it was deemed advisable to admit him into the institution. A case of considerable interest to dealers was decided by his Honor Judge Cohen, at the District Court, yesterday. A man named William Bryant, described as a dealer, sued one George Kebble- white, chemist, for tho sum of £G 12s, the price of goods bought but not delivered. From the evi dence it appeared that tho plaintiff, about the timo of the late small-pox scire, seeing an adver tisement of the defendant's in the papers, regard ing the sale of disinfectants, visited his shop, at -13 Erskinc-street, and purchase I from him two gros9 of half-pound packets contaiuing carbolic acid, for which be paid a deposit of 10s, intending to pay the remainder the next day on removing the goods. On calling at the shop the next day for the goods, the defendant stated that he had disposed of them, whereupon the plninliff brought uu action for the price of the acid, £G 10s. A receipt was produced in court, which was tendered by the defendant for the -19s deposit. The defendant, in his evidence, stated that lie informed the plaintiff that he had not the quantity which was required in stock, but would endeavour to get it for him by tho next day, but, having tried about eight dnn.rgi.sts in town, failed to secure it. His Honor held that a contract had been entered into between the parties through a receipt being tendered, and be was of opinion that the defendant ngrced, thinking that he could procure the acid by tbo next day. A verdict wns given in favour of tho plaintiff for £5, with costs. A shoemaker named Christopher Fagan was in troduced to the notice of the Bunch at the Water Police Court yesterday, by Qonstnble Sawtcll, who laid two charges of drunkenness nnd disorderly conduct, and of assault against him, committed in llyder-street, on Saturday. Tho defendant was Gued in all £3. At the same court a tailor, named Edmond Bulbert, was charged with being intoxi- cutcd and behaving in a disorderly manner on tlio South Head-road, nt Puddington, on Saturday. The defendant not appearing, his bail, £10, was estreated. An cldoily woman named Maria Recce, brought up at the Water Police Court yesterday, on a charge of being thrice convicted of drunkenness within the preceding year, and with behaving in a riotous manner in Kent-street, on Saturday last, wns found guilty nnd sent to gaol for one month. For using obscene langaago she was ordered to pay a line of 40s. ' J The game of pitch and toss, which is so frequently indulged in by idle youths iu the streets and lanes of the city where there is not much traffic to disturb the amusement, being a game strictly prohibited, is at ail times likely to briug tke players into trouble, as was instanced yoster dny in tho - Water Police Court, where two lnds named Thomas Sullivan, nged 14, and Henry Smaller, aged 1G, were fined 10s each for the offence, A sawyer named Michael Corbett was brought before the Bench at tho Water Police Court, yesterday, on a charge of threatening to tnkc the life of Mary Ann Corbett, his wife. The prosecu trix stntcd that her husband was addicted to driuk, and when the worse for liquor was very violent. On Saturday last he hud chased her with a carving knife in his hand, with which he had threatened to kill her. She was afraid he would do her serious harm unless restrained. The Bench ordered tho prisoner to find two sureties in tho sum of £10 to he answerable for his goo d behaviour for tbrco months. Owing to the increasing business of tlio Insol vency Court the premises have long been felt to bo inadequate to the requirements. Adjoining the offices is a wide space occupied as a colonnade to the Supreme Court, which, it lias been suggested, might bo employed for the extension of these premises. Wo have received from Mr. Robert Briscoe a pamphlet written by tho Into Robert Stevens, Al.R.C.S., &c.;, entitled, " An Improvement iu the Pathology aud Treatment of Small-Pox." This treatise was read before the Royal Medical and Cuirurgical Society in 1837. While it describes small-pox, its symptoms, progress and develop ment, from Dr. Mason Good's " Study of Medi cine," the writer's own opinions are freely offered, lio combats tho idea that " it is owing to an unao- countable nnd specilio aptitude in the individual " that small-pox is moro virulent iu Borne cases than in others, and proposes to subjugato the disease when the febrile symptoms appear, by lowering tho circulation, thu3 preventing the introduction of the sued into its proper soil, for without the heat of tbo preliminary fever the pustular develop ments cannot proceed. Altogether the littlo pamphlet exhibits a thoughtful research into the subject with which It deals, and if it. can throw any new light upon tho eradication of a loathsome disease, such as the one which is exercising the minds of all the medical profession iu the colonies at tbo present juncture, it will have done a good work. The' question arises, however, whether a treatise on the cure or prevention of small-pox written in 1837 und reproduced in 1S81, will not have been iu a manner superseded nud rendered obsolete by later discoveries. The Hon. W. J. Clarke, M.L.O, of Victoria, says tho Aryits, has offered a prize of 50 guineas to be awarded to the successful competitor in a cham pion ploughing match, to bo open to nil the colonies. Air. Clarke has also offered a prizo of £50 for a certain quantity of butter, to be mado by the factory system. In each ease the prize may be increased to £100 should the projected com petitions appear to be favourably received. The leading agricultural societies are invited to super intend this competition also. Complications arc likely to arise soon over the patent rights connected with the diamond drill in vention. Thcro arc two companies — an English and an American one — which claim to have exclu sive possession of tho patent rights. Roth com panies demand a largo royalty for tlio use of the drills. Tho Victorian Government purchased tlio first four diamond drills brought to Victoria, from tho American Company, which ha3 patented the invention in that colony. Sinco then (says the .-lye) drawings and plans havo been prepared from those drills, and tenders wore accepted about 11 month ago by tlio Government for the manufacture of fivo of theso machines, Tlio Melbourne foundry firm that obtained tho tender has been served with a notice on behalf of one of tho two rival diamond drill companies, enntioniug the firm against in fringing their pntcnt rights. With tho largo increase in tho demand for drills, and in the face of tho fact thnt several public companies hnve boon formed in tho mining districts solely for tho purpose of manufacturing diamond drills and letting them out for hire to mining companies, tho wholo subject as to tho pateub rights in these valuable machines is likely very soon to como pro- mineully before tho public. During tho last voyage of the steamer Darwcnt from Sydney to Brisbane (says tho Nrkbn no Tele- yraph ) ono of the seamen, named Augustas Uonii- niok, fell overboard. There was a very heavy sea running at tho time, and tho vessel was rolling considerably. When off Seal Books, at about 5.30 a.m. on August 21, tho boat gave a tremendous lurch, which throw the unfortunate man off. his feet. He endeavoured to savo bimBclf by catching a rope, which, however, gave way, and ho was pre cipitntcd into the water. Every effort was mad to save the man, but witli no result. Among tbo lossous learnt sinco the late railway accident in Melbourne is tho value of life assurance. Tlio train passengers comprised all classes, hut among them many of the wcalthici members of the community. The vorv numerous assurauces for £500, £1000, £2000, £3000 ami £4000. in tho Australian Mutual l'ravfdeiit. mid other societies which \vouW have b'ocn payubjo (,9 , surviving relatives would in all havo constituted a largo sum. One gentleman who escaped (says the Age) had but lately added £2000 to a former assurance. One among tho30 to whom tho acci dent proved fatal had ' deferred completing an nssuranae, though tho medical roferee had been instructed to examine him for that purpose. A story of a somewhat sensatioanl eae.apa from death reaches us from Narandera. An individual on the "spree" was turned out of some hotel drunk. He wandered about looking for a soft plank to repose upon, till ho discovered a well, with boards nailed up to the top of a windlass. The local paper says he took this contrivance for a tent, and in trying to open what he thought was the door he stepped into space. Ho continued to fall for a distance of 72 feet till he brought his impetuous course to a close in 10 feet of cold spring water. He suddenly got sober then, and on screaming for assistance was hauled out none the wone, except that the alcohol he had absorbed had not sustained the reputations of tho publicans of Narandera, "We have received copies of Messrs. GibbB, Shallard, and Co.'s penny pocket diaries for September. Tho September number of the Australasian A. B.C. Guide, issued by Messrs. Gordon and Gotch, is to hand. It contains a largo amount of valuable infor mation. The Victorian Hall (the old Scandinavian Music Hall), 111 Castlereagh-street, has been leased by Mr. D'Arcy Read. It has been entirely rebuilt and deco- rated, and will be opened on Monday, 12 September, when D'Darcy Read's ghost will appear. The Naval Brigade will muster on the Circular Quay to-morrow and on Thursday in bluo uniform and wliico cap covers. The band will attend. Ou and after to-morrow the outdoor department In connection with the Sydney Infirmary and Dispensary will he carried on at the Agricultural Hall, imme diately at the rear of tho Infirmary. Dispensary and outdoor ophthalmic patients will be required to. attend at the usual lioura. Thompson and Giles, of Denison Honsc, George- street, report the receipt of their first intalmcnt of new goods, specially selected for the Australian cli mate. These comprise spring and cashmere mantles, capes, pelerines, dolmans (varying in price from 10s fid to fij guineas), silk and satin mantles, costumes, laces, &c.; They are also in receipt of fans painted ia exquisite designs, together with a variety of good3 appropriate to the coming season, well worthy of in spection. A concert will be held at the Oddfellows's Hall, Manly, this evening, when a number of lady and gentlemen amateurs will assist. The steamer Fair- light will bring back the Sydney visitors, and tho pro ceeds of tho entertainment will bo devoted to the Parsonage Fund. Wo have been requested to call attention to a special general meeting of the New South Wales Cricket Association to be held this evening, at 8 o'clock, at Die Exchange Hotel, the business being to consider what steps shall be taken to obtain tho Domain ground for cricketing purposes for the coming season. A committee meeting will be held after the general meeting. Dr. Sitnais will deliver tho first of hi3 second course of illustrated lectures at the Tempcrauco Hall, Pitt- street, to-night. The subject will bo "The llumuu Face, and how to read it." When this lecture was first given here it was thought to be a very interest ing aud intellectual treat, and valuablo as a guide in Tho following is tho report of the Sydney Infir mary for tho weekended 3id Sept.: — Admitted, fit males, 21 females, total 68 ; discharged, iili males, 10 females, total 4ti i died, 2 males ; total 2 ; reuuiuiug, 1 Id males Co females, total 181. 