THE ABDUCTED. 'Murder!' shrieked the women. And 'Murder,' groaned the men. 'What do you mean, Jameson?' gasped old Woodhurst.' 'I mean, sir,' said Jameson, 'that I've just found out that my lord has been shoot at, for there's a bullet lodged in the saddle.' 'Let us see that!' cried old Woodhurstt, leading the way to the stables. Jameson proved to be quite right. With a knife the saddle was cut open, and a bullet drawn forth. They all gazed at each, other in mute horror, when suddenly Timeswell drying his eyes, said, as he almost danced about in his delight, and slapped his thigh, 'That's the best sight these old eyes have seen this many a day! That 'ere bullet wor meant, no doubt, to do for my lord; but it missed its wicked aim. 'Taint lodged in my lord's noble bussum, 'cos vy, it's lodged in his saddle! Very likely Grey Friar took fright, poor feller, and small shame to him, it any — and he may have run away and throwed my lord. But my lord not shot, that's one com lord! And now I'm off — and all you lads had better be off, too. We knows, from Squire Woodhurst, my lord left him at the four roads, and took the bridle-road to P__. Well, then he had to come through what we calls Maple Wood. Its all my lord's own — and I've long knowed its full of poachers o' nights, and there's muggers and gipsies, and all sorts o' sus picious characters, pitched just where the com mon faces the wood. The gatekeepers told me they seed some desperate-looking chaps, and they were looking out for a shindy. Perhaps my lord catched 'em among the preserve. My lord's as brave ats a lion; he'd speak out if they wor ten to one! But come let's waste no more time in jaw, we'll hunt the wood and we finds 'em. Lord a marcy on us! look e there! O' there aint my lady, as white as ever a ghost, a coming this way, and Mary a leading her on, and looking for all the world like a angel just a going to hopen the gates o' 'evin o some departed saint.' It was true! Mina, unable to bear the agonies of inaction and suspense any longer, had, with Aunt Tabby's aid, repaired to the nursery to weep over her babe, and there she found Mary watching by the cradle of the infant heir — for Mrs. Prosser was gone, summoned by a mysterious look and a reckoning finger from the housemaid, with all the other servants to the stables to see the bullet taken out of the earl's saddle. 'Oh, Marry!' cried the countess; 'sweet angel child. I am so glad you are up. You will come with me, will you not?' 'Whither, my lady ?' said Mary, going to her side, and taking her hand, and keeping it. 'Of course I willl go with you to the world's end, if you wish it.' 'Mary !' gasped the countess, 'my husband — he is not come back — but his horse is — with the saddle empty.' Mary turned deadly pale; but she had too much presence of mind to say anythin about the scared, white face of the housemaid, or the request that had called Mrs. Prosser from her post. She mastered her emotion, and said, 'My lord is such a good rider, my lady, it is not likely he has been thrown. If he went to P-- on business, Grey Friar may have got away from some boy who had to hold him, or have escaped from some tree or post to which he was tied. Take comfort my lady, and trust in Providance. It you could quiet your dear heart and prey — even a little short prayer— it would so comfort you.' As Mary spoke, the countess sank on her knees by the cot of her infant, and burying her face in her hands, prayed for some minutes with all the fervour of her soul, Mary sinking on her knees, too, by her side, and uniting the prayer of inno cence and faith to that of passion and despair. Aunt Tabby had glided away to suggest that immediate search should be made. She had just found the pale, trembling groupp assembled at the stable-doors, when she saw Mina wrapped in a large shawl, and a bonnet hastily tied on by Mary's careful hands, coming towards them. 'Not a word of the bullet found in the earl's saddle to the countess,' she cried, hastily, 'or you will kill her on the spot.' 'We are all going to Maple Wood, my love, in search of Beaudesert,' said Mr. Woodhurst. Luckily it is such a bright, moonlight night, that, h the borso has run away, we may meet him com ing back on foot. At any rate, go in; it is so dangerous for you to he out for the first time at this hour. Lead the countess in, sweet Mary, and comfort her when we are gone.' Mary, like a little guardian spirit — the moon shining full on her long, golden hair, and her large blue eyes full of love and pity— did as Woodhurst directed her. She turned round, and led the countess back to her own room, and to an arm chair placed close to the window that looked on the avenue and the moonlit park. Aunt Tabby was soon one of the party. And while they are gazing out on the silvery grass as far as their eyes can see and straining them to try to pierce the shadows or the dark trees, let us in quire what has really become of the Earl of Beau desert — what induced him to repair to P-- in stead of returning home to dinner and to his ex pectant Mina— and whether he has really been the object of any vile attempt at assassination, as he was on that day when he and his bride were stopped in Coombe Wood on their bridal tour. CHAPTER LII Oh, there's nothing half so sweet in life As Love's young dream. — Irish Melodies. It will, perhaps, be necessary, in order not to mystify the reader unnecessarily, to explain what was the object of Beaudesert's first visit to Clara Bell, at P--, and what the pretty young Ameri can girl had to say to the Right Honourable the Earl of Beaudesert in the wretched little lodging in which we saw him visit her. The reader is aware that Oswald Egerton (Mr. Woodhurt's ward); a vary handsome, intellectual, and engaging young man, had been from his earliest youth, nay, almost from his very boyhood, secretly but passionately in love with Mina Wood hurst. That passion Mina had reciprocated with all the ardour of a romantic and enthusiastic nature nursed in soliditude and seclusion. Hers was a love to which obstacles only added intensity, and op position was as fuel to fire. The great error of this strange girl's life was not the love, which was involuntary, but the conceal ment, which, while to her strange, romantic nature it added new charms to her attachment, entailed upon it all the horrors, miseries, and meanesses that are inseparable from clandestine engagements. But Mina was not alone to blame in the deception which was born of terror. Woodhurst was far more capable - as all parents, who, by their harshness, destroy a child's confidence and para lyse with terror the young heart, whose instinctive tendency to trust and confide soon yields to the ex perience that teaches to dread the result of open ness and sincerity. Mina adored Oswald Egerton, but she dreaded her father so much that no token of the intense passion of her heart ever escaped her in his pre sence. Oswald Egerton was equally reticent. He well knew what lofty hopes and high ambitions his guardian — that proud, stern Woodhurst of Woodhurst— cherished his beautiful Mina, his hope, his pride, his heiress!' Alas! alas! they loved in secret, corresponded in secret, met in secret: even to Ladybird, the chosen companion, almost the sister of her youth, Oswald implored his Mina not to reveal their en gagement. One person alone knew of it for cer tain; and one suspected it shrewdly. The person who knew it was Miss Temple, Mina's excellent governess, who, as in duty bound, i having just before she left her lovely pupil to keep her rich bachelor Indian brother's house, dis covered it by accident, had earnestly entreated Mina either to resign her lover, or, if that were impossible without misery to both, to acknowledge her love to her father, and implore his consent to their engagement. But there is no arguing with such a dread as that Mina had of her father, and Miss Temple pleaded, reasoned, implored in vain. She was very unwilling to be the depository of a secret, which her right judgement and high prin ciple convinced her was one likely to prove fatal to her beloved pupil's happiness; but she could not resist the kneeling, weeping Mina's passionate entreaties; and, indeed, Miss Temple, from what she had seen of old Woodhurst, would not have liked to incur the responsibility of enlightening him, or to have left poor Mina to the rage and resentment of his wounded pride and disappointed ambition. It was, then, about a year before we introduced Mina Woodhurst to our readers, that Miss Temple left her. About the same time Ladybird announced her determination to marry, not the rich old high sheriff , but the young curate, and Mina was left to her own guidance, her own passionate heart, with its wild, secret love, and to the too captivating society of Oswald Egerton, who, quite unsuspected at that time by her father, generally spent with Mina, at the Woodhurst's house in Spring- gardens, all the time that Mr. Woodhurst was in his City counting-house. Gaspar Mountjoy, at this time, was in Paris, to acquire some knowledge of commercial cor respondence in French, and Mina attained her ma jority during his absence. When be returned, his perceptions quickened by wild jealousy — for he loved Mina passionately himself — made him re solve, if possible, to get Oswald Egerton removed. But this required time, tact, skill, and oppor tunity. Mina's happiness in Oswald's company departed with Gaspar's return. Woodhurst of Woodhurst took her down to the court. Gaspar Mountjoy, the Bussels, and Mrs. Lackaday were their only guests. For some reason or other Oswald Egerton was not invited to join them. Mina grew very pale, ill, de jected, and gladly availed herself of some invita tions to visit friends in the country, and especially to pass some weeks with Miss Temple at Scar borough, before the family-meeting at Christmas, which annually took place at Woodhurst Court. Mina had been away from home altogether four months when we first introduced her to our readers, just before that Christmas when Mary was so mysteriously conveyed in her little bassi nette to Woodhurst Court, and during her absence Gaspar Mountjoy had contrived to induce Wood hurst of Woodhurst to use his influence to get Oswald Egerton, who had been called to the Bar, an appointment of some value in Canada. The reader is aware that in the concussion of a Cana dian steamer with a Newfoundland vessel, the steamer went down and Oswald Egerton was drowned, and now we come to the point as to what Mrs. Bell and her lovely daughter Clara had to do with the property of poor Oswald Egerton, and with the history of Mina, Countess of Beau desert. Mrs. Bell was an American lady, who had married a Canadian merchant. He had failed and she was left with one girl (Clara) unprovided for. She then let lodgings, and those lodgings were taken by Oswald Egerton on his arrival in Canada. Finding her a lady, and a kind, motherly creature, he agreed to board with her, and became very intimate with his amiable hostess and her sweet, sympathising daughter. It is probable he con fided to them his romantic tale of love and sorrow, for, when business compelled him to take a long excursion by steamer up one of the great rivers of the New World, he told Mrs. Bell and Clara of a dark presentiment of coming death which he could not shake off, and implored them, should it be realised, to take charge of certain papers and other articles which he confided to them, and if ever they visited England, to seek out Mina Wood hurst or her representatives, and convey them to her hands or those or her heirs. Soon after this the sad news of the fulfilment of Oswald Egerton's prophecy and presentiment reached Mrs. Bell, in the horrible account of his early death by drown ing, when the steamer went down with all hands in the — — river; and, though many years passed before the death of a brother whose fortune, she believed, was left to her, called her to England, yet she never forgot her solemn promise to Oswald Egerton and resolved to seek out Mina Woodhurst and leave in her hands the sacred deposit of which she had so long had the charge. Poor Mrs. Bell, when she arrived in London (having given up her lodging-house, and sold her furniture to pay for the passage of herself, and her daughter), a great blow awaited her. Her brother, who had always passed for a bachelor, living with a low sort of woman, whom Mrs. Bell had always despised as a person of bad conduct and mean be longings, proved to have been married to this creature for many years, and to have a large family by her. Not the smallest legacy was left to Mrs. Bell, and she found herself and her beautiful Clara in very poor circumstances in London, unknown, hopeless, and bitterly disappointed. But still she remembered her promise to poor Oswald Egerton, and, as in tier youth she had spent some time at P — — , a place which had always agreed with, her, and where she knew lodgings and living were very cheap, she resolved to go down there, and thence to write to Woodhurst Court to state her object in requesting an interview. At P-- poor Mrs. Bell fell ill, and the expenses of that illness compelled Clara to remove her mother from the inn to the cheap but wretched lodging where the earl found her. For she had desired Clara to write to Miss Woodhurst at Wood hurst Court, stating the object of her visit to P --, and what she had in her keeping. Of course she had no idea that Mina was become Countess of Beaudesert. It was during Mina's illness, indeed, just before the birth of her baby, that Mrs. Bell's letter was brought over from Woodburst Court, and as Mina had requested, the earl to open and answer any notes or letters that came to her, never for a moment dreaming of such a missive as this, the earl read Clara's note, and we have seen the re sult. The packet of letters, as the reader is aware, were stolen from Mr. Blyth by the command of Gaspar Mountjoy, whose spy — the page Edwin — put him in possession of all that passed at the Castle. It was no part of Gaspar' s deep and well laid plot to bring matters to a sudden crisis and have wrenched from his own hand the sword he held suspended over Mina's head. We know how he obtained possession of the packet of letters, but the reader does not know what Edwin the page had discovered, and had not failed to convey to Gaspar Mountjoy, who, no longer on a visit at the Castle, was awaiting him at an appointed trysting-place not far off, a sort of cavern in some chalk-pits on the Beaudesert estate. This revelation was to the effect, that a note had come that morning, in a female hand, addressed to the earl, and signed 'Clara Bell;' and that by dint of a process which Gaspar had taught him, Edwin, had succeeded in opening this envelope, and had read these words: 'My Lord,— My mother has found another letter, which she wishes conveyed to the Countess of Beau desert, late Miss Mina Woodhurst. It was written to the countess by Mr. Egerton, and confided to my mother, but not to be posted or delivered ex cept by herself, if she ever visited England. We leave P-- to-morrow early; so, if your lordship could call this evening, you can take charge of this letter for her ladyship. I am happy to say we have received remittances from home, and I return with many thanks your lordship's loan to me.— I am, my lord, your obedient servant, 'Clara Bell.' A letter-carrier wishes to know why the Govern ment holiday, on Tuesday, for employees, was not general? Some departments were closed, but those connected with the mail branch had to work all day. 