CHAPTER XII.-"WE MUST BE STKONG." j " Ono wo« doth tread upon anotkor's kool, So fast th«y follow," Mr. Carisbroke, however, was not dead, as his young daughters affirmed; but for a little while it did not occur to Joan to doubt the accuracy of her sisters' report. She stood rooted to the spot, by the cradle, mechanically touching it with her foot to still the little one's loud cries. Miss Buby could not understand why she was not taken up immedi- ately, according to custom ;. never before had she made her protest all unheeded by her sister- god- mother, and she shrieked on louder and louder, till the girl who officiated as nurse came to the rescue, looking almost as scared as poor Joan herself. Her entranco seemed to break the spell, for somebody spoko, and there wa3 a lull in the loud sobbing of the twins, and Joan had strength to gasp out that she would go downstairs, and seo if she could bo of any uso» "Ay, Miss Joan, do;" said the brisk nursemaid. " I will tako all care of Miss Kuby. You might givo Miss Martin a helping-hand ; all the others aro too frightened to know what they aro about. But 1 think he's coming to-poor master 1" " Oh, then 1" oried Joan, with a burst of tears that wonderfully relieved her,-" then hois not dead Î. What could make you say eo, Netta and Brenda P" *' He looked dead !" answered Brenda, with an injured air-"and I dare say he is dead; how Bhould that girl know ?" " How Bhould that girl know ?" responded Netta. Leaving the twin-eÎBters., Joan, though still trembling in overy limb, hastoned downstairs. Her father lay on tho lorge old-fashioned sofa in the dining-room, whither he had been carried from tho ohurch. Ho looked very like death, certainly ; but he breathed, and waa speaking incoherently in a low, smothered voice. His neckcloth was re- moved, his clerical waistcoat unbuttoned, and Hr. Ingledew was laving a cold wet cloth on his tem- plos. Meliora, very whito, but still equal to the occasion, was promptly doing all thero was to do under tho doctor's supervision. It was a positive relief to her to seo Joan como in, and she beckoned to her, saying in an undertone " Take my placo, dear, and rub your papa's hands; so! Maggie, will you put a rug over his feet ? I expect they are deathly cold. And, Lavinia, will you givo mo about a teaspoonful of that brandy, in water, for I feol rather poorly myself P" As indeed she did. Meliora had had a very try- ing day, and the agitation of tho last few hours had been a greater strain almost than she could bear. And she was not a remarkably Bfcrong wo- man, though rejoicing in a Bound and vigorous constitution. "Oh! don't break down, pray don't !" implored Lavinia hysterically, ready to pour down Moliora's throat all tho alcohol in tho sideboard cupboard?, if that would, sufiico to keep her with alt her wits about her, Btaunoh and able at her post. " Tho ono thiug now io to get our patient to bed," said Dr. Ingledew, at length; " I am afraid ho must bo carried upstairs, for ho is quito incap ablo of making so muah exertion aa to walk, even »with assistance. Who will help mo P" 1 ," Thp clerk and Bcxton' (aro bot]a in the JjInchon, T think," said Meliora " I wül ball thein,.1*' ;And so, b^ kindly hands, the lioctor was carried to his chamber, which, he waa not to leave for many a day ; and from whence he waa nover more to go forth hale and hearty, as he had been till within the last few weeks-or rather days for it was only when the leaves wore falling thickly on the damp, sodden lawns that the true peril of his position had flashed upon him. When the doctor left his patient, Meliora followed him ; and when they were alone in the library, where that discarded sermon, with its " Well done, good and faithful servant 1" still loy upon the table, she asked : " Now, Dr. Ingledew, tell me what is to be done P" " There is not much to be done at present, Miss Martin. Giro him some kind of nourishment, anything you can persuade him to take. I leave it to your discretion to find that which is most suitable : and do not let him have any more stim- ulant, unless by my orders. I will send a com- posing draught, which must be taken the last thing. And I think you had better have in Nurse Barnard at once ; I know she is at home, for she spoke to me to-day, and said she was in want of a place." " Will a nurse be required ?" asked Meliora. " Will he be moro than poorly when ho has quito recovered from the faintness f " " Miss Martin, you are a woman of sense, and I do not bolieve in deluding people, even of mediocre parts j BO I tell you candidly, that I am afraid, very much afraid, Mr. CarisbroRe ia going to be extremely ill ! I may be mistaken-I hope I am -but it will bo well to be prepared for the worst." "It is not, then, an ordinary fainting-fit ?" " It is hot an ordinary fainting-fit. I hardly know what to call it. I can scarcely tell you at present what I apprehend ; there are eyjotptoms of fever, there aro premonitions of something still more serious." " I think I understand you. Yes, Nurse Bar- nard had better come to us immediately. She is a trustworthy woman, though not so sweet-tem- pered aa we might wiBh, and she is very fond of Mr. Carisbroke. He would not like to have a stranger about him." " He ought not to seo a strange face, for he is very feeble ; there is a certain irritation of the brain which warns na to keep him as undisturbed as possible. And that reminds me, Miss Martin it is my duty to inquire, and yours, if you can, to answer mo-has Mr. Carisbroke had any kind of shock, quite recently ? Ha» anything happened to-day, or perhaps yesterday, especially tonding to agitate his mind ?" Meliora was silent, from sheer embarrassment. Toa well she knew the fatal secret of this Budden indisposition ; but was she justified in giving Dr. Ingledew the remotest hint of the truth? She began to speak, then paused, not knowing what she ought to answer, and yet aware that her silence must confirm his worst suspicions. Me resumed,-" Miss Martin, 1 think you know ; you may trust mo. And what is more, I can give a Bhrewd guess at the truth. Of course, the Rec- tor's money difficulties have become town talk, and I don't hesitate to say, somo rather unkind things have been said, both in our own village and at Massington. For my part, I have been cogni- sant of Mr. Carisbroke's unfortunate position for a period of six er seven years ; I ehould say he was never a man of business, and he was brought up, most unluckily for him, to spend lavishly on him- self ; t© gratify his tastes and desires at any cost ; and, above all, to put off-or rather to stave off the evil day, till the accumulation of embarrass- ments-in the shape of debt, liabilities, &c.; became overwhelming. It is my opinion, indeed -why should I mince matters, as we are speaking confidentially I-I know that tho time has arrived for a public exposure of the poor Bector's affairs. He will be dealt with as any other bankrupt, and tho ' living' will be sequestrated from the forth- coming Christmas. Ho will have only tho residue of his wife's property for his support ; and that-I speak from actual knowledge-has been so groatly diminished from various causes, that I fear it must bo altogether insufficient for tho maintenance of any kind of establishment. Now, it strikes me that either yesterday, or perhaps to-day, some- thing occurred-a trifle perhaps- which has re- vealed to him the entire hopeleesnes of his posi- tion. Am I not right ?" " I think you are ! I know things are coming, or have come, to a crisis," said Meliora at last, thank- ful to find that the doctor had no suspicion of the true state of affairs, and that she wau not in any way compelled to apeak more openly. Dr. Ingledew knew quite enough to guido him in making a diagnosis of the case. He had already decided that the illness proceeded from extreme mental agitation; and that somo fresh cause of disturbance had quito recently occurred waa likely enough, even to an outsider,-some aggravation of circumstances which had been the crowning blow. She could keep the secret, therefore, with- out fearing to compromise the Bafety of the patient. The doctor knew all that it was neces- sary he should know for tho wiso treatment of the sick man. "Yes," continued he, " it is as I thought, as I feared. Our poor friend is like a mau who obstin- ately turna his back on the thunder-cloud which is Blowiy growing in blackness on the horizon, and thou " sinks helpless and confounded when the storm bursts upon him. Well, Miss Martin, I leave you in command, and I will take care that NUIBO Barnard comos to you for the night. She will bring the composing draught, and you may expect me quite early in the morning." "Just ono more word. Dr. Ingledew. Is the Rector conscious, do yon think ?" " He is conscious to a certain extent, but ho is not by any means himself. Allow no one in the room, eave tho nureo and ono of tho gir's who may be most efficient. If she were two or three years older, I should say BelecfcMiBs Joan ; thero is moro of the woman in hor than in any of her elder SIB'era." " lt is Joan whom I mußt take for a helper. I havo no other choice. Lavinia is, at presont, hysterical and frightened, and has no idea of con- trolling hor foelingo. Maggie is too abrupt, too i loud, for a cick-ehambor. " I toll you what, Mian Martin, there is no moro valuable lesson to be loamt than that of solf-con i trol. Teach your young people to restrain their feelings j to romain calm while excitement reigns ai out them, to keep back tears, hasty words> lamentations, cries, outbursts of any kind. To indulge one's own feelings continually is the very acme of selfishness, and renders a person, especi- ally a woman, 80 worthless as to bo an actual en- cumbrance. I know no creature on earth more aggravating, moro despicable, than tho womarl who shrieKs or oxolaims under the smallest provo- cation. Well, good-night ! Take care of yourself/ and tako caro of Joan ; for you and she, with nurse» for your coadjutor, wi'l have to fight this battle to the end." As soon as Dr. Ingledew had left the house, J oan¿ still pale and trembling, stole into tho library. Up to this moment she had controlled herself. After that brief outburst in the nursery, she had kept stern hold upon herself, and refrained from tear3 ; but now the girl's strength, which hud been overtaxed for so many hours, gave way-she waa little over fourteen, you must remember- and she threw herself into Meliora's motherly arms, and wept there unrestrainedly. And Meliora, for awhile, wept with her, and the ebullition, no doubt» did them good. It is unwise to put an over-pres- sure on the safety- valve, even as it is contemp- tible to yield to every passing weakness of nerves or brain. ?.-.?< Meliora was, naturally, the first to recover her solf. " Now, then, Joan, my dear," Bhe Baid, almost sharply, " we mußt bo strong ; we have had ~ enough of this. We were overwrought, and our feelings have had their way; bu i here must be the end of it. No truo woman cries and bemoans her- self when action is possible. Let us consult as to what is best 1 You and I have a secret to keep, Joan, and we muBt keepit-if we can." "Ahl if wo can 1 Oh, Meliora, it is true, then?' " Quite true, my darling. I saw you understood it all only too well. But, thank God, no one else understands, no one else oven guesses, except Mr. Baxter, and he may bo dealt with." " I am afraid not, Meliora j I know him. He is a hard, stern man, and papa and he have had differences in time past. Ho is one who talk, ad nauseam, about his 'Christian dooty,' and his Christian ' dooty' unfortunately always accords with his personal inclination. If he can humble poor papa, he will ; I am sure ho will ; and he will have no mercy." " We must put it out of his power." " How can we? 1 Bee it alias plainly as if I were the only person concerned. It is horrible to speak of, but this is how it stands. Tho money I don't know how much-has been paid to papa, as treasurer of the organ committee, and for that other affair-the screen, or rercdos, or whatever it is called. Well I papa unadvisedly has used that money for private purposes ; it was wrong, of course-altogether wrong ; but it is not for us, for mo, his daughter, to oondomn him. It strikes me that it was to pay Frank's Oxford debts that tho funds were first, and in great part appropri- ated. However it was, there stands the terrible fact-the money entrusted to papa is gone, and cannot be replaced. Mr. Baxter suspects this» He is chairman of the committee and church- warden-people's churchwarden, to boot, and not over friendly to papa ! He is pressing a settle- ment of affairs, not unjustly ; and though we may manage to get a meeting or two adjourned, the . fatal day must come, and all must be disclosed. Meliora, if I oould sell myself into slavery to avert this misery, this indelible disgrace, I would do it." " I know yon would, dearest. Bat I think we can manage Mr. Baxter.'' " We could not put him off with untruths-riot even with excuses 1" " Certainly not ! We will speak the truth, my Joan, and truth only, whatever shall betide. ' I have apian, but I must havo a few days in which to work it out. Now, your father himself urged that the meeting could not be this week; and: ic cannot, even if ho were willing. His illness pre- vents it effectually. By next week you and I will contrive to know all about it, and act for him." " We can only confess-what is shameful." ' " No ! we are moro than justified in keeping what is shameful to ourselves. Let the accounts be audited any day next week-say Tuesday or Wednesday week- and the money shall be forth- coming." " But where is it to come from ?" '. , "Don't concern yourself about it, my dear; I can find it without much trouble. Your papa will have one creditor more, that is all, and-no one will be the wiser. We will keep our little i secret, you, and he, and myself." "You mean that you will lendit tousP Oh, Meliora, how very good you are ! But are you sure you can spare it f I am afraid we ought not to take from you the savings of years, tho . money you have so hardly earned. For my part, . i I don't seo when or how it is to be paid back again." i " Never mind that. It will be an after-consid- eration. The great thing, at present, is to re- lieve your poor popa'B mind of its heaviest burden, and to keep him from the blame which muBt i attach to him, unless speedy moaeures bo I taken." > " Meliora, I want to know what would bo the) : consequences if theso 'speedy > measures/ whioh ; you alone can take, wero to be-not taken; if j things were allowed to go on-as go on they . ' must, I am afraid, but for you-to tho bitter end?" j " The oonsoquences would be most disastrous. I fear the offence, in spito of every palliation, i would bo treated as a felony. The Reotor would ) then bo tried and found guilty ; the punishment r would bo a term of imprisonment, perhaps of penal i servitude. In former timoe, when the law was 3 more severo, it might have been death." r " Oh, how dreadful ! how very dveudful ! What terrible lifo-long disgrace ! It would kill poor [ papa ; he, of all men, to suffer hardship and im , prisonment; but to us who survived, how groat \- would bo tho misery. Wo should have to chango j our namo, to go whore no ono knew us ; wo could rnever hold up our hoads in our own country aganL i l would rathor dio than livo with tsuch ti slur upon . m0." 1 r "Fortunately, my dear, we oannot dio when we wish. God gires strength to thoBô who seek it, j even in their direst need. But we will not con- template any sort o£ extremity. The subscription money must be paid into Mr. Baxtor's hands with the least possible delay. Ho must never be allowed to know that his suspicions of to-day were correct. Now, Joan, we will havo some supper. No, I dare say you are not hungry; I ; am not. "Who cou'd bo, in such a painful strait? \- But you see we are only flesh and blood, nerves and sinews, and cannot, even with the best inten- tions,, keep ourselves well and vigorous for our work without proper nourishment and repoBe. And you and I must neither sink nor flinch, Joan. ,"It comes to this, that tho family welfare, as well as your papa's safety, mainly depends upon us two. We alone know the truth, and have to Suard the dangerous secret ; we only are at all tted to assist Dr. Ineiedew and .Nurse Bar- nard. As well expect a lamp to burn without oil, aa a mortal to think and act wisely, and on . dure fatigue of mind and body, without food and . rest." : .* To» are right, Meliora, I am beginning to feel ill already ; and you, you are looking like a ghost; ? only I never saw one. And, as you say, we must not fail ; certainly you must not, for though I were brave and strong as a lion, I could do nothing " without you." " We will ask God to strengthen us for our \- work, dear. Unless He help us, all our efforts must be in vain. Take courage, my child; 'be- hind the clouds is the sun still shining I' God, ' our Father, will lighten our darkness, and givens peace and joy once more, when Ho sees fit." '. " It must be a long time first, Meliora." "Perhaps so, dear. God knows best. Of one thing we may be sure. He never afflicts willingly, ? : and this time of our tribulation is necessary, and ? will work out for us the very things most needful '»'both to body and to soul» Now let us go to our supper." They went to the dining-room, and managed to ; make something of a meal. Lavinia had gone to ' bed, really disabled for any kind of service, and : Maggie was in attendance on her. The twins . j were feasting on cold plum-pie and custard, ? and were most unwilling to be obliged to retire. ' They grumbled fiercely at tho "favouritism" ? - shown to Joan, who might " sit np till midnight ' lt ahechóse." It was useless to argue with the poor girls ; ' Meliora generally did try to make them under- stand the raison cf dre of her commands ; but to- night she could not attempt to disouss the point. She only said, " I shall send Joan to bed as soon ?. as I can do without her ; for awhile, I want her to help me in several mattara. Your papa is very ill, my dears-worse, perhaps than you imagine 1 ; ¡We are all in great trouble; do not, I beg, be tiro .'. ' some and disobedient. There's good children ? away to bedl it is getting very late!" The twins sulkily retired, and again Joan and her governess were alone. Meliora was just going . upstairs to (the invalid, who had been left for awhile with the one servant who could be trusted, when there was a long and lend peal at the door- bell. .* Who can that be !" cried Joan starting. *f Nurse Barnard would certainly go to the back > hall-door. Can it be Mr« Baxter come again?" "I dare say it is some one from the Grange, or > elsewhere, kindly anxious for the last ac- count; but how thoughtless to make so much J. noise in a house where there is known to be sick- ness I" > " I do not hear any one going to the door j thoy :'tf; will ring again, > whoever it may be." "I will" go. Lucy ÍB in the nursery, and Nancy ? is with her master ; I suppose Sarah does not hear." ¡ .> The door was not, yet bolted for the night, and >; I Meliora fearlessly throw it wide open. There stood the figure of a tall man wrappod in a shaggy i overcoat, and there was something so Btrange in xi his attitude, that fora moment her strong heart . ? quailed. But Joan, who stood so that the light of iv.( tho hall -lamp fell full upon the intruder's face, cried out, "Oh, Frank, how you frightened us ! : : * We did not expect you for three weeka." " I dare say not ; I did not expect myßolf," said the young man, entering the house, and pushing on for the dining-room. " I say, where's the gov- ernor P" "Papáis ill, very ill in bed !" answered Joan. \- " Have you had your Bupper?" j v "Yes-no! That ÍB, I had a morsel of bread < and cheese, and a glass of ale, at Massington, but ? :I don't think I want anything more. I am out ? ' of sorts myself. Where aro the giris? Why are you and Joan sitting up in secret conclave, ;< Meliora P" i - * *' We are in great^trouble, Franki Your father 'waa taken very ill, struck down, as it were, at . the close of this evening's service. He had been unwell all day, and ought not to have gone into ; the pulpit." : "Had anything been upsetting him, do you knowP" " Much, I fear. The fact is, Frank, things are come to such a pass that utter ruin is staring him in. the face. There ia no resource left. Can you wonder that he succumbs P" *' No, indeed; but it's a bid hearing-a very bad hearing, Meliora; and-" " I hope you|lliave not coma to him for \- money P" "Not exactly-it's worse thnn that. I'm in trouble myself, and trouble that even money won't pull me out of, I am afraid. I have said good bye to Oxford. My University career ia ended." ' "What ia the matter? Are you illP or-you surely have not boen rusticated ?" " For good and for all, Meliora ; it's of no use to beat about the bush, for the truth must come out. I've gone and done for myself, and the Dons have kicked mo out." "Expelled you, do you moan ?" " Expelled mo, if you like to call it that. If I repont in saokoloth and ashes, they will never Cake ms in again. After what haBipasaod, no college,* w^ over receive me." 'fWhat havo you done F" "Don't ask me, I can't tell you.^I must toll tho governor I Eupposo." " That you cannot ; Mr. Carisbroke is too ill even to see you, at present; and in his state the slightest agitation might he fatal. Joan, dear, will you go and see if Nurse Barnard has arrived ? ' Exit Joan. And then Meliora resumed : " You had,better tell me your st jry, Prank, for I do not know when it will be posible for your father to hear it, perhaps it will je never 1" " You don't mean ti say things aro so bad as that! Meliora, your looks frighten me. But,I say, I can't tell you what the bother is-not all of it. You're a woman, you know." " Frank Carisbroke, if you have done something that you cannot tell to a middle-aged woman like myself-a woman old enough to be your mother you must indeed be a scoundrel." " Well, I'll toll you, if you like ; it'B a bad busi- ness, I own ; don't blame me if I say things you don't like to hear." And then came out such a history as made Meli- ora's cheeks glow again, it needs not be repeated here ; suffice it to say that though Frank Caris- broke made light of his transgressions, he could not but feel that his own words covered him with guilt and shame, and exposed him to the con- tempt and righteous indignation of the kind- hearted, but high-principled woman to whom he made confession. When he had finished, ho sat staring gloomily at her. At last sh© said,/"God forgive you, Frank Carisbroke ! youhavo brought sorrow to the house of sorrow." \- (TO BB CONTINUED.) 