OUR LETTER HOME. ; Since the date of our last, the weather has continued, of the same character Z then recorded, and as indeed it has been Bince the beginning of the year na days generally have been extoemelv pleasant—too pleasant and warm for this time of year—and at intervals there has been some real hot weather which would not have been out of place in tlie height of summer. There has been but little ram, although at times we have been threatened with, or ire should nevhaiis saypromised, heavy and fertilising showers but the clouds have disappeared or have : been driven aivay by the high winds : which, blowing at times with considerable i violence, have dried up the very small : amount of moisture which the thirsty • earth has received. The difference between the weather of tins month and that experienced during September of last year will be the more easily realised when we say that up till yesterday only aa inch of ram has fallen, while ill the corresponding month of 18S0, five inches and- eighty- three points—close upon sii inches fell. It is true that we have a week yet to put in before the month is over, but it is neither likely nor to be wished that we shall make up the deficient five inches, Tlie rainfall last year, till the end of September, was as nearly as possible 2Sf inches, as against about 14 inches to date this year, while the total rainfall for 18S0 was about 35J inches. It will thus be seen that we should have to mate up nearly 214 inches of ram during the remauiing three'montlis of this year to come up to the rainfall of 1880—a thing which is neither probable nor desirable. The ram commenced again on Tuesday, and. at the present moment bids fair for a continuance, much to tlit satisfaction of all. Notwithstanding that the results of the later mining enterprises have hitherto been rather unsatisfactory, new leases are being Still applied for, no less than nine having been gazetted as granted in the last, issue of the Government Gazelle. Several of these-are m the Dargo and Grant district, and ilie Mitchell River division also supplies its quota. In the direction of Bairnsdale-there is a .good deal of mining vitaliij observable of late, -while at Waratah Bay in the extreme south, gold has been found in considerable quantities in the sands of the sea beach. It has been for so lung a matter of certainty that the whole of Gippsland is more or less auriferous, that there is never any surprise expressed at the intelligence of a new discovery, and from the work which has been done by the track clearing parties, it is possible that with the increased facilities for prospecting we may at anv time hear of the. discovery of payable areus. These parties have cleared upwards of 400 miles ' of tracks, through densely timbered regions, exclusive of 75 miles of side cuttings, and thus the way has been opened up for future work. The New Mount Budgee Companv which has reoontly risen up on the ruins of the old one of that name, have let the mine on tribute. The tributes washed up last week for a total yield of 64ozs. 4dwts from about 40 tons oi stone, and a small parcel of about 12 tons from Hardy's No. 1 East yielded loozs. gold- The directors of the Mount Birregun Company have been empowered to let a portion of the mme oil tribute, and Hley have also determined to fartlier nrtspect tlie Republic mine by sinking a shaft 100 feet in depth from the present level, wlneh is 90 feet below tha surface. At -the date of last week s report from tie New Good Hope Company tlie res® 5t the continuation of the level westward « not satisfactory, and a new survey MS made. The result of this is that then-ore has been changed to the east side of mj tunnel, and If the reef is not raw :S00n,, a rise will be put up under the engine shaft. Since then an accident)® occurred to the borma machinery, Will necessitate the stoppage of the worfs for a time. The latest repon tro» .the.ITormanby mme will be found unaer the head of mimns intelligence. i» second crushing of the stone at n» See-It-Out company, Briagolong, » * place last Saturday, with a much «« satisfactory result than that ivM ® 1 tended the first. From 65 tons of qmw, 20oz 5dwts of gold were obtained, MI i" manager is convinced that this is W means a yield which i capable ot oeiuj . sot from the stone, and it is mwna » ; 1ft one of the tables, which, tln-ough som . defect, lias allowed the metal to pas , the tables are to be entire }' <u* before another crushing. The last cr" iiig; : at 'the' Bisniark company' Donnelly's Creek, was an excel ® o. •5086K: having been taken Irom ie» . 250 tons of stone The duectors aa* a ; dividend of 2s 6d per share. ' j : Tunnel company have declared a di™. of 30s pei shaie (133idl, and ^ ^ : £180 to tlie reserve funit month 18«=| tons of s^?® Stfteof crushed, -Bitli a yield of l< wo f' m gold. Great dissatisfaction "as expressed at some of the connection with tlie Long Tmw tended company The first c * ^ officially announced to take p '. „ffiatter mh inst.-,- -but it appears that, a-- ^ . of fact, a. pnor ciushmg had ^ t0 : which resulted in a yield of onljs» . •the ton. - - Various reasons were Bi' . this Shoiild not have been made, i , the other hand theie " ere ""'a ready i people «fco had a ve.J ion#- emanation of the feet ^V 3 ® 3^ • : •the manager lias deiermnied w i ^ , : i)nly«6rtiiighay. instead ot ' • heietofore, and ^e w information as to -Hie result o th8r r mg on the 17th Operate®« ^ 0f f mines do not piesent any : particular interest. wliich the The question of ,field proposed railway hnc fh»» • W i Baiiusdale will take has ^ J tl.o deal of ^citeinent here lecenW^^ | repoi t of tlie deputation i j ; the Minister-of Kallways ™ staaf i giv a very good Idea ofho^Bxatt® t,,fl - ill tlus legald at piesent time the deputatav was IU.I , interviewed various other depart: result whidiwiUbe.:found Amongst other recorded elsewhere. matters Ajn^ will "lie observed;, that - the o]jenil)g of tlie Lakes Vntrauoe are decidedly .bright.. r; SouSi Gippsland is also estremely busy • -J for tramway communication. f l U it is entitled, on every ground; 4 0 ! thai any district in Victoria^. wpnce from the various shires, held T loX evemng at Waterloo, to^hicli we refer our readeis South Gippsland is rXniifioent district, and ;it only requires \rthmff like decent facilities for commu- Siffltionto m(«ke-it«Mj^&ev.4nost; pros-, supiJy "of carcase meat to the metro- Tiolitan markets has commanded veiy rable attention, and it is witli „ j that we have to record the success n{ the first consignment from Sale, of,four L Of splendid beef sent by Mr Gilder Z the 1st Septembei The account sales we not been made public, but fiorn what can learn, a lucrative trade m dead meat is likely to result. v-Of^ouKe any peculation in that line must depend in ;a Im irreat decree on the state of the; Melbourne cattle market. While on . this subiect we regret to have to • record that ^ provisional directors of the slaughtering company recently initiated, at .Rosedale did not meet with support sufficient to justify them in proceeding any further, ind as the required number of shares had not been applied for, it was determined to wind up the company. .We are happy to sav however, that this has not arisen fi-om the presence of any possibilities that establishments like these will not Tpay m; this district, and that the. prospects of the company now in process of formation at Sale are extremely good, and that the necessary arrangements will shortly be made to carry out the intentions-of- th<v company. While on this subject we may state that some of the meat sent to London iras reported not to have turned out quite so sound as it ought, and several letters, have appeared in the metropolitan papers suggesting that perhaps the cattle were, heated by being driven or trucked, but,no one seems to have grasped the idea that, to avoid such mishaps in. future the cattle should be killed as close as possible to the 1 fattening paddocks, and thus prevent the meat being fired by bad driving or rough usaoe in the trucks and Melbourne cattle yards. As soon as the site of land asked for is surveyed, a slaughtering establish^ rnent will be erected in Sale, and such establishments could with advantage .be'placed in different centres of cattle fattening localities. Action has been taken by the Lands department to temporarily- reserve for the purposes of municipal cattle sale yards, a portion of the police paddock at Sale, on the opposite side of the line to the land applied for by the deputation for slaughtering purposes. • ;.•"." . It will be remembered that , some time ago Or King brought under the notice of the Rosedale shire council the desirability of encouraging the growth of wattle oil the waste lands of the colonyffi' -The subject cropped up at a" conference of the ~ ' ndGi jrroup of the Municipal ' ' ' Associa- ' l of Victoria- held, at Sale on the 16th September, wlien Gr Kuig/supplied;:sonie mj interes&ig.;:StaJis^^':»^I|fiTO^toV#ie importance of the gro wth"«f-that tree, .and also as to the best means to be adopted to secure the preservation of the State forests. "" i scheme. not only would there be 1 a distinct means of fostering a ; industry - but tlie 1 forests of the cofony would be efficiently looked after, and the destruction of trees, which has hitherto been the rule,' would be avoided, and the cultivation of useful timber would be encouraged. He proposed to cut up the waste lands into blocks and allow each area to be taken up under certain conditions. He would compel the selector of each block to cultivate,-one-half/,.withwattle, and plant the other half (nth useful trees, and, at the same time, *to conserve the natural forests. ^According to estimates formed from enquiry, Cr King had arrived at the conclusion that in the fourth year of the growth, of the wattle £13 10s per acre would be realised from the bark, in the fifth year £17- 15s per acre, and in the seventh year £2415s. The whole subject will be fully considered at the conference of the municipal representatives at Melbourne on Wednesday next. The area comprised in the returns from the various shires in Gippsland shows that there were 1166 square miles available for the purpose. The Gippsland Fish Acchmatesation Society held a meetmg at Sale on the 7th September, when interesting correspondence was read relative to the introduction of trout fry into the Gippsland rivers. Steps were also taken to obtain the most reliable information as to the most valuable species for exchange with other districts, and other matters of interest. If the society pursue their efforts, as they give promise to do, the numerous streams of Gippsland will soon be alive with fish of the very best quality. . The Sale Rowing Club met at the Boyal Exchange Hotel on the 7th September, and resolved to raise funds by the,issue of 25 debentures at £2 each, on the club's security, repayable at the end of .every six or twelve months as the club's .funds accrue, the numbers of the debentures to be repaid being decided by ballot. It was \ also decided that a meeting of the club i should be called to open the season on the \ 1st October, when it was proposed .to have i a procession of boats. Several gentlemen; were elected members of the club. Our post and telegraph offices are about : to be enlarged to meet the: increasingrequirements of the district. The portion of the building at present occupied by -the: reoeiver and paymaster is to be added to: tiie post-office, and separate premises are; to be provided for the treasury officer by ouilding on the vacant space between the present post-office- and Hie court-house.:-. A largely attended meeting was held in the Victoria Hall on the' 9th September Mder the auspices of , the Sale branch of ton a ational Land League Mi J, Little, .'^'i occupied the chair, and in hie open- "ig remarks explained that- while he sympathised with the legitimate' agitation' wmch had been got up for the relief of the ™™ tenants, he had no feeling but-one of ^testation for the criminal outrages which been perpetrated in Ireland m the name of the league. The Rev Fathei jMgarty moved a resolution sympathising ™n the tenant farmers of Ireland m their Worts to vindicate their right to live as nee men 0f tlle ialld of tllell blrtll al)d . approving, of;the Land:League the exponent of just pimciples, and l ? most powerful agent m carrjoiig these Principles into effect. Tins resolution was seconded by Mr Slattery, who was, until a resident of Sale, and was carried unanimously. A resolution -tendei- ing niaito to Miss Parnell was movedtiy 'Mi' M.L.A. for South Gippsland, and ™ seconded by Mr.Joseph Wmtei of the » and was also earned Mr Hugh n p M'L.A., proposed a resolution ™Ma. subscription list should be opened. 1«T > a Permaneni branch of the '0 opened in. Sale Tliis was sewnded by Mi Cullman, and carried Mr v -Walshe, the delegate from the As- ™ciation m Ireland,-addressed tliejneet- JT6 ipngtli, and gave many instances of m™ soured by the tenant fai- W"' - 'neeting lasted-for over three "^Jj^dthe proceedings weie of tlie of jinn - 1 J 1 \- '1™ Besides a ,sum W « m ]la nd> £25 was sent -to Ireland Sale s im • ^arich.: Theie are otliej. oS l n ihe Viands of the trea«uiers of "Mei branch leagues in the district'" t Ti«i S general meeting of the Sale - Club was hfeld on the 10ih oe r i "Then a proposition was carried requesting the trustees of i the • Qreen wattle racecourse -to advance- saffi.-: cient.:money' toipay off the -debt- of the club, £107 2s 3d, either by way of a loan or otherwise. 5=lti"was a subject of general lemaii thats.tlie: townspeople had been rather lukewarm im supporting the club, aud it was ultimately decided to take steps to get up a race, meeting- during - the inesent year. The: adjourned meeting of the- club was fixed for the 8th October, when doubtless measures will be taken to place the club on a more satisfactory basis : Wearevery much gratified to be able to record that the- members of:4he North , , , . ,, , „ . , i , , I Gippsland Agric^turaLSpciety have lately shown a largely .mcreascd amount of ] interest in the welfare of this, one of the most important associations of - which the district can boasts It cannot be denied tliat for some time past, the society appeared to have been losing ground, and this state of tilings was very much l-egroHcd by those who, have alwaysattached' a • very large amount of importance to the opera-, tions of < .theassociation. -.-, Last. Saturday,: however, tilings took a decided turn>-ior the ' better,';''aiiii'.-^e'ia^gest;'3neetmg"'of members which lias taken place for a very long time was held at the Glub hotel, when the position of the society was J m s a T b T thoroughly well, debated,. and some of the most - practical' men in ihe district were • elected to office ; nothing now remains to ensure the futureof ^the society but that the public should, accord it their ^warmest support, and considering tlie great importance -which it is to -.themselves, • we.- have mosdoubt that ; the committee will, liave nothmg:' to -complain of m.this The second meeting of the North Gipps- : land Couismg Club was held on 30 th and Slstiult:- . A lC dog stake was runfor, the jesult being that Mi"G. A. Carpenter's bd d Warfare by Whip—Tempest Tossed, beat Mr R. J; Th.omspn|s ns. bdd-Brmdle by Tiger—Fly in the decider. A private match was afterwards decided between Carpenter's King and Thomson's Brnidle, the former secuilngthe fiat : of the judge MrT. H. Row, who gave every satisfaction. Hares ;ian very strongly - and some really good'legitimate trials were obtained. A number of gentlemen hnbued with true sporting proclivities have called a meeting for Saturday next, for the purpose of forming a .-Guii iOIub. ! This is . -a more in the right direction, and we are glad to hear that such genuine support is promised the promoters,' thiat th^ yehture ^ ,.;Bpund; to turn out a success./ A pigeon "shoriting tourne'e was held on;Saturday jlOth ihst.,; when some good shooting was exhibited by Messrs J. Allan and G. Carpenter, the: former stopping 13 out of 15, whilst ihe latter killed ll out of ;14. Several sweeps -were shot bff,-falling.claefly to the/giifis of { the above-named gentlemen. •. •* .: The annual horse show, under ;! ilie auspices of Messrs ' English, Peck, and Co., took place .on Saturday the 3rd, and was: dccidedly. the most successful .eve^ (held here yet. In draught stock there : were-27-representatives, aiid^'-ll'^ia--blood "stock, with the trotting suillion Despatch The universal opiruon'e^fessed was that the diap]ay ; was'-equal to any that could be ! got up. out of 'MeWourne.' A reference/to ; ' i j our advertising ; columns will give a splendid ; Est qf;sires,which Gipp3laiid can . show at the present time. \ Amongst other .topics; of interest we may mention that the-gasworks are nearly completed,-and that ere- long we -may •expect to see. our .town .illuminated withgas —Tlie Sale Mechanics' Institute have been continuing their fortnightly enterr tamments : with success, while the Temper-: ance Hall is, on every alternate Saturday,: well patronised.—Cr- Davis, :of -tlie Mafira slure, has been sleeted: as president of. the slnre council.—A-- rule -jizsi for a new trial m :the tease of W.. Manson v. the • Maffl'a Slure has been ai'gued before the Full Court, but the decision has teen reserved. —Samuel Allardyce, for the late savage attack on Cr Thomson, of the Maffra shire, has been committed , for. trial.—-Mr Richard Mackay, who lias been for many years' identified with.-Gippsland,-lias com-. menced business - at Traralgon as an auctioneer . and - commission . agent.—The dredge Wombat has .arrived at the Latrobe riveiyio complete-the work required m clearing the bar there, a work which is absolutely necessary," as -the steamers. 1 trading on the Lakes are very much mconvenienced by the shallowness of tlie water, —Operations.at:the swing bridge over the Latrobe river are being continued satisr factorily, and:the .snaggmg of the Thomson nver inll soon .be ihorouglily completed. The records -of the month contain particulars of a very shockmg death on the Port Albert road. Mrs Salter, while in a state of temporary insanity,, set fire to 3ier house, and was burned to death. The occurrence took place on the evening' of the 31st August, and the woman-died on the 1st September. An • inquest was held resBltmgin?a verdict- bemg returned in accordance Tilth the circumstances of: the case. We have also to record the death on the 12th September of Mrs Dawson, the widow of the late Mr W T Dawson,: who was district surveyor of Gippsland for many years. The,deceased lady died at: Roseneath from congestion ofthe lungs. Mrs Dawson was hold in groat f v respect ,by aE who came withm ithe circle a of her acquaintance m i Correspondence -is unavoidably lield i M \- Accounts are at the treasury, Sale, for. W.-Forbes,' -L. Kabat, A. Macdonaldi and Ji, Robinson Mi R Gddei, of Sale, will send to day four tons of carcase meat to Melbourne.; We understand <tliat it ;is ;the intention, of; Mr' Gilder to- send, within a few days, a: lai^ei consignment of carcase meat, inclining pigs and sheep, to + he metropolitan market Mr Lowery, of Foster-stieet Sale, dis plays m his window a lithographic picture; from " Puck," winch gives portraits of the late Piesident Garfield, and likenesses of his colleagues m the government of the United States. The dredge Wombat has arrived at the Latrobe bar and will be engaged at once to remove the accumulation of mud, &c; , which has hitherto been of so much inconvenience to steamers and other vessels trading between Sale and the lakes' ports The committee of ihe Sale branch 0f the Irish National Land League lave adjourned their usual meeting until Tues ? clay evening next, at the Criterion hotel,: pending thereceiptofcertam-mstructions 1 afidiiiformatioli from: Melbourne relative; to their futuie proceedings >: A deputation from Maffia proceeded tn, Melbourne by the afternoon tram on' Tuesday to interview Mr Bent on railway , matters They weie accompanied by som ej gentlemen from Bnagolong, who earnestly^ desire -railway communication, but expressed their indifference as to the point , of connection W« are requested by Messrs B. Guthridge and Oo to«state that by mistake tliey adveiiised. -Mr" Douglas's "tele at Square Forest'to take place yesterday in' place of next Wednesday, the 58th September, wlien they swill sell the goods enumerated m the advertisement Two bags-of tailings fiomthe See Company, Bnagolong, were .sent on Tuesday eyenmg by lail to Melbourne ior treatment By a reference Ao QUI report^ m last issue at will be-seen that there was, icason to suspect that 'a considerable quantity of gold had >een diverted ^ts proper course tlirougli defects m the tables Mr Xandy, the< manager who went to Melbourne on the -same 'evening ;s took with Inm^he ZQozfiske of -go" ^nm-f ' mine. ^ _,", •Mr. Arider'soii; the traffic manager, and Mr Mills, superintendent of rolling stock, leave Melbourne this morning on a visit !of -inspection on the Gippsland railway. They may be.. expected to arrive in Sale A deputation'fromi'Mirboo waited yes terday on . Mi-. Bent' in reference to £ rumour that the Act authorising the construction of their line was to be repealed. Mr Bent said that they did inbtknow what they were talking; about, aiicl that he was not supposed to notice every piece of gossip. ; He understood the line was :being surveyed. At the Sale, policc-court oil Tuesday, bofore Mess].s j.sp AVimam . Mawley,' charged with having been drunk and disorderly, • was cautioned and discharged. J. Lloyd obtained an order against W.. A. Morrison for £8 13s, for goods sold and delivered, with iis .costs. J. Mi-s Jane Spraguc sued B.oss for:£l lOs foivrent of premises; Macahster-street. • Mr • Bencraft, ap< pearedfor the plaintiff, and, after hearmg oinexpiifiictthg e^dehce, i 'thfebench''n^^ order fordihe. amount, with :13s costs.. he defendant said that ho had a set-off, ut it transpired that his claim was against homas Sprague, the husband oif the com- , plainaait, and consequently it couldnot be entertained. On Monday and Tuesday evenings the refreshment rooms at Warragul presented a, veiy.annnated appearance, caused by xhe; large::;number, of. travellers bent onrdepuitation busmess We are not awaie jfthe caterers at this station;mak«.arrangemejits;; io -reeeive advices wlien a ^ai^ernumber of-travellers than usual may be'expected ito pass through the station, but' tliey ap-' ,peared to be well able,to supiply all comers without much trouble^ ,and we certainly must congratulate the present lessees of •the.;rooms on 'the , improved cooking and', extra .assortment of the viands supplied 'a,t,this station..-.; ; ; ' ^ ",.'.'; , ' The; works at the new bridge over ihe 4he , ;,Lateobe"n^ progressing as satisfactory as can be expected. . ^VConsiderable, idiffiemtyi^has. been experienced in .finding a good arid substantial- foundation for the piers, ; as a ! bed of quicksand was reached at a considerable distance below the depth originally estimated, .'..vin/^ base it has been found necessaiy to make one : by the, use of timber,' - which it is expected will answer all purposes. It is : iot known yet when the bridge will be 'completed, but as soon as the under structure is finished, no time will bo lost in. placing- the' flooriiig, rails, &c.; iii ipositibn.~ .We, have been inioi'iri'e'd "that, the bed of sand' which 'wM 'stfuck^vlule' 'sinking for a fouiidatipn', : ;;is:^eiy"^ siniilar : to one which * was. j.passed Lthrough during boring for th'e artesian well at Sale, i , . \- A correspondent-from- Moe'writes;:— .Tlie;' insufiicient accommodation' at; the Moe Railway ;Sfation:i3ias ;f6r.;^ rpMt.JjemA^puKse^pI- annoyance bbth't6': those employed therein and the general ' public,—tlie small railway office having: also to do for a post office. It is, , however satisfactory to note that additional accommo'dation > is" J now/ being provided,"and' the- men at work in the construction::of ;the .-improvements t^ndto give our usually quiet: station a some-; what lively; .appearance. , Since commencing operations, ; tho'se employed "'have set ; a good example ^ to others, by farming themselves into a temperance club, known as the Three Star Club, one of the rules of. which, provides that any member found taking intoxicating. liquors shall suffer ,a penalty of 20s; this is very good for them, Ho doubt, but: the hotelkeepers don't like it.—The Moe Ghost, like all other such, things, has about-come to the end of its tether.' A short time since letters wereifound daily, tied to the.fence and ,other places ;about the house • where the strange things were' being-done;' but no sign of any person could be seen These letters* together with some hand-, writing of one of the inmates of the house,, were, it appears, sent by thepolice to an expert, wbo gave .it as ms opinion that all of the wntuig.had been done by the same person....- Nothing further-has been heard , of the .ghost smce. .••..- . ..,•:...-•- Messrs ; C. 1 and E. Millar commenced the Hawthorn and Lillydale line on Mon-1 day last, and,.as might be expected under'- their hands, the works are" being pushedforward; vigorously.—-Mr Perres lias re-; sumed duty as Government prmter.—; •Frederick Morant,'charged-wit&attempt-; j ing to murder Catherine ' Parry m: Colhiigivood -some time ago, has been acquitted.—A,case of suspected smallpox; has been detected at Yackaaidandalu.._ -Dr; Youl expressed an opinion that it was not the true smallpox which had, broken-out, but overy precaution has been,taken m, the meantime. -—A young man named Robert Alexander, J at Eialla;.rWesti; accidentally cut off three of his-toes, and; while a doctor was being sent -for:.he blewout lus hrains with -adoaded gun, winch : was in the room into which he had been taken:, , Before this, lie had tried io commit suicide by cutting his • throat with • a penknife. — A new comet lias been dis- ; covered by Mi Tebbutt, of NSW, who; irst drew attention to the comet recently"; isible. It is in'the constellation Libra,; nd is very famt. ..Its ,distance-;isv;118; illmria of miles. from the earth, and -is! ncreasing at ihe -rate of,.three ..millions .ofj nilesper day.—We regret to observe that. i Walter Sherwm, foi many yeais. manager of the Carandmi Opera troupe, is lying -.dangerously,-all, at. Sydney..—It is estimated that the sum .of ,£35,-000 will be' required to compensate the sufferers,- -aiid tlie relatives of those who lost their lives in thelate Jolimont: accident, -JSIessrs Englishi-., Peck, .and Go^will-sell.^t Maffra^to-Aorrowffat 'bullocks and cows. . : Messrs R. Guthndge and Co., advertise for sale to-inorrov,; at M.'i-tlr.i prniie fat bwILoclvH and cows, -a-nd';Etore^"buIIockE--4 yeara old. ,, - . ; :':.Messre' , C'-''Mackintosh'and,;.eo.V':w lor i,o-morrow at Maifra, fat and store cattle. Messrs ,A MLean and Co. will, sell to morrow at'MafiraJ'-fat:bulloclis , and^'C0W6,.iand a lot'of superior cows and bullocks Jrom D.eishr". tuu, .-also ,bullocks from,;,Wombat.,,-.®lat,.,and 'go"od'cows,Bteer6,&c..-;:as.per;adverti3ement.,> ;-^he4oi»llaii'd'bbai , di.will-sit at Sale to-day ,atlla.-m. A pound sale will take place at Maffra to morrow } 5 Mr J. Gove advertises his draught .stallion, Scotchman's Lad, an to day 6 issue Attention.is.dir <1 .cted , -to.theadver-tisement-o£ MrS Feilclienfeld, draper, of Maffra. TheStosedale store council.caution"aIl persons cutting: r dow,n-timl:er'or,removmggTavel.or : sand without proper authority:, ••.;..,. ;',-. . ; , Mr J .T Drew adverti;,e.s a Irattcr T.-ojlanr; machLne.whieh lieivill.be happy toedubit.at his warehouse, Yoik street,^ale , teiW.iS3Boldfen v ihotifies^±hat.the, ; general list of voters for the Eastern division of the province canibe-inspected by;thosemterested, .'^ir Beiicraff., solicitor, advcrLises lhat -he removed to; the ofliees .in iKister-sti-oei,. ijl'ext :tovM;essrs-»i!ngli6hjt®Eoliv«iand smses ^ ^ The "Eev H Woilaston will deliver a Jectuie in'-StPaurB-ChurchpSale.-on'Pridayeven.ing, on the Revision of the NewTestamfent, The; lecture \vill: commence, at f. : 30p:m, ' We fl.rc in receipt of the latest.mimber ofthei ' 'Sketclier^', : It ifi jeplete .-pjifih-illustrations of; Tenders,for ?e3gum sleepers /and^flssmg 1 timbei must be fleposited jnfthp Railway tender box, jPioivn -Lands Office, Treasuiy„£aidens,! Melbourne, by noonxm Friday,'«« per^adver- > •The ^annual ^meeting of -the TCno\et Club is sfco be -held at the -CnteHOn. hotel, Sale, to-morrow evening af~8 tfclock: memliers|s>%ctu^sted. I ^Ji-f® J* t ' *Weare'req.uestedi;o direct' J;he attention of contractorEto tli wnK m counc.-i.ioi -wit.i -the Tanibo ValleyToaa,.for ?vhich the7Bami'), l laeaMgcWodpnTOtetendera ^im^articu- 