A. Laodiceaii- BY T. HARDY. [The right of publication in Australasia has been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Muil.~[ BOOK THE FIFTH. Chapter XIII. It was a fine* afternoon of late summer, nearly three months subsequent to the death of Sir William De Stancy and Paula's engagement to marry his successor in that title. George Somerset had started on a railway journey that took him through the wooded district which lay around Stancy Castle. Having resigned his appointment as archi tect to that important structure — a resignation which had been accepted by Paula through her solicitor — he had only subsequently visited the locality to put matters in such order, that his successor, whoever he might be, should have no difficulty in obtaining the particulars necessary to the com pletion of the work in hand. Hardly to his surprise this successor was Havill. Somerset had less reluctance than before in abandoning the undertaking to Hnvill's untrained judgment from the circumstance that the design wan matured, even to the working drawings, and the walls too far advanced for any material alteration; so that mere con structional superintendence was all that he had deputed — a branch of the profession in which Havill was a proficient. Somerset's resignation had been tendered in no hasty mood. On returning to England, and in due course to the castle, everything bore in upon his mind the exceeding sorrowfulness — he -would not say humiliation — of con tinuing to act in his former capacity 'for a woman who, from seeming more than a dear friend, had become less than an acquaintance. Though bitterly reproaching her at every moment, he did not revile her for fickleness, and could nof: criticise her; indeed Somerset was still in too regretful a state to see anything in Paula but the unattainable one who had chosen to renounce him. He blamed himself, not her, for having become the fool of his wishes, which, despite his resolve, be yet remained to such an extent as to half regret the opportunity of being near her that the office of her architect would have afforded, even after she should have become the wife of another man. But, after the diseased sentiment of moods like this, a reasonable defiance stirred in his breast, and he saw how intolerable it would be to come in contact with her under such altered circum stances, the ghosts of sweet remembrances for ever arising before him in maddening contrast with her altered eyes. So he resigned ; but now, as the train drew on into that once beloved tract of country, the images which met his eye threw him back in point of emotion to very near where he had been before making himself a stranger here. The train entered the cutting on whose brink he had walked when the carriage containing Paula and her frignds surprised him the previous summer. Be looked out of the window: they were passing the well-known curve that let up to the tunnel constructed by her father, into which he had gone when the train came by and Paula had been alarmed for his life. There was the path they had both climbed afterwards, involuntarily seizing each other* s hand ; the bushes, thn grass, the flowers, everything just the same : ' ——Here was the pleasant place. And nothing wanting was, save She, alas ! ' When they came out of the tunnel at the other end he caught a glimpse of the distant castle-keep, and the well remembered walls beneath it. The experience so far transcended the intensity of what is called mournful, plea sure as to cause bim an appalled regret that he bad miscalculated himself to the extent of supposing that he could come here with controllable emotion. On entering Markton station he withdrew into a remote corner of the carriage, and closed his eyes with a resolve not to open them till the disturbing scenes should be passed by- | He had not long to wait for this event. When again in 9 motion his eye fell upon the skirt of a lady's dress opposite, 1 the owner of which had entered and seated herself so softly Jj as not to attract his attention. '\ 'Ah, indeed!' he exclaimed as he looked np to her a face. ' I had not a notion that it was you ! ' He went | over and shook handB with Charlotte De Stancy. I 'I am not going far,' she said; 'only to the next J station. We often ran down in summer time. Are yon going far?' 'I am going to Normandy by way of Cherbourg, to finish out my summer holiday.' Miss de Stancy thought that would be very nice. ' Well, I hope so. But I fear it won't.' After saying that, Somerset fell into consideration, asking himself why he should mince matters with so genuine and sympathetic a girl as Charlotte De Stancy? She could tell him particulars which, notwithstanding the anguish they would cause him, he burned to know. Moreover, he might never again have an opportunity of knowing them, since she and he would probably not meet for years to come, if at all. 44 Have the castle works progressed' pretty rapidly under the new architect? ' he accordingly asked. 'Yes,' said Charlotte in her haBte— then adding that she was not quite sure if they had progressed so rapidly as before ; blusningly correcting herself at this point and that in the tinkering manner of a nervous organisation aiming at nicety where it was not required. ' Well, I should have likea to carry out the undertaking to its end,' said Somerset. 'But I felt I could not consistently do so. Miss Power — ' (here a lump came into Somerset's throat — so responsive was he yet to her image) 4 4 seemed to have lost confidence in me, and — it was best that the connection should be severed.' There was a long pause. ' She was very sorry about it,' said Charlotte, gently . ' What made her alter so ? — I never can think ! ' Before replying Charlotte waited again, as if to accumu late the necessary force for honest speaking at the expense of pleasantness. ' It was the telegram that began it, of course,' she answered. ' Telegram ? ' She looked up at him in quite a frightened way — little as a quiet fellow like him was to be frightened at in this sad time of his life — and said, ' YeB : your telegram — when yo were in trouble ! Forgive my alluding to it ; but you asked me the question.' Somerset began reflecting on what messages he had sent Paula, troubles or otherwise. All he had sent had been sent from the castle, and were as gentle and mellifluous as sentences well could be which had neither articles nor pronouns. ' I don't understand,' he said. ' Will you explain a little more — as plainly as you like — without minding my feelings ? ' ' I mean the telegram from Nice.' ' I never sent one.' ' It was about money.' Somerset shook his head. 44 No,' he murmured, with the composure of a man who, knowing he had done nothing of the sort himself, was blinded by his own honesty to the possibility that another might have done it tor him. ' That must be some other affair with which I had nothing to do. Oh no, it was nothing like that ; the reason for her change of manner was quite different ! ' So timid was Charlotte in Somerset's presence, that her timidity at this juncture amounted to blameworthiness. The distressing scene which must have followed a clearing up there and then of any possible misunderstanding, terrified her imagination; and quite confounded by con tradictions that she could not reconcile, she held her tongue, and nervously looked out of the window. ' I have heard that Miss Power is soon to be married,' continued Somerset, with a boldness that astonished himself. 'Yes,' Charlotte murmured. 'It is sooner than it ought to be by rights, considering how recently my dear father died ; but there are reasons in connection with my brother's position against putting it off; and it is to be absolutely simple and private. There was another interval. ' May I ask when it is to be?' he said. ' Almost at once — this week.' Somerset started back as if some stone had hit his face. Certain as he had been that a marriage between Paula and De Stancy was impending, he had not anticipated such promptitude as this. Still there was nothing wonderful in it : engagements broken in upon by the death of a near relative of one of the parties had been often carried out in a subdued form with no longer delay. But he could not easily say much more, and Charlotte's station was now at hand. She bade him farewell on the platform: and he resumed his seat and rattled on to Budmouth, whence he .intended to cross the Channel by steamboat that night. He hardly knew how the evening passed away. He had taken up his quarters at an old-fashioned inn on the quay, and as the night drew on he stood gazing from the coffee room window at the steamer outside, which nearly thrust its spars through the bed-room- windows, and at the goods that were being tumbled on board as only shippers can tumble them. All the goods were laden, a lamp was put on each side the gangway, the engines broke into a crackling roar, and people began to enter. They were only waiting for the last train ; then they would be off. Still Somerset did not move : he was thinking of that curious half-told story of Charlotte'6, about a telegram to Paula for money from Nice. Not once till within the last half-hour had it recurred to his mind that he had met Dare both at Nice and at Monte Carlo ; that at the latter place he had been absolutely out of money and wished to borrow, showing considerable sinister feeling when Somerset declined to lend ; that on one or two previous occasions he had reasons for doubting Dare's probity ; and that in spite of the young man's impoverishment at Monte Carlo he had, a few days later, beheld him in shining raiment at Carlsruhe. Somerset, though wrong in his premises, was right in his growing conviction that there was something in Miss De Stancy's allusion to the telegram which ought to be explained. Without considering how he personally would be able to explain it, he felt an insurmountable objection to cross the water that night, or till he had been able to see Charlotte again, and learn more of her meaning. He countermanded the order to put his luggage on board, watched the steamer out of the harbour, and went to bed. He might as well have gone to battle for any rest that he got. On rising the next morning and noting how extremelv vague was the course to which he had committed himself he felt rather blank, though none the less convinced that the matter required investigation. He left Budmouth, by a morning train, and.about eleven o'clock found himself in Markton. The momentum of a practical inquiiy took him through that ancient borough without leaving him much leisure for thsse reveries which had yesterday lent an unutterable sad ness to every object there. It was just before noon that he started for the castle, intending to arrive at a time of the morning, when, as he knew from experience, he could speak to Charlotte without difficulty. The rising ground -soon revealed the old towers to him, and, jutting out behind i them, the scaffoldings for the new wing. While halting here on the knoll in some doubt about his i movements he beheld a man coming along the rood, and was - soon confronted by his former competitor, Havill. The first i instinct of eachwas to pass with a nod, bat a second instinct i for intercourse was sufficient to bring them to a halt. After ] a few superficial words had been spoken Somerset said, i ' You have succeeded me.' i ' I have,' said Havill ;' but little to my advantage. I ( have just heard that my commission is to extend no further than roofing in the wing that you began, and had I known ] that before, I would have seen the castle fall flat before I ] would have accepted the superintendence. But I know who i I have to thank for that— De Stancy.' ] Somerset still looked towards tiie distant battlements. On ] the scaffolding, among the white-jacketed workmen, he i could discern one figure in a dark suit. ] 'Jon have a clerk of the works, I see,' he observed.' i ' Nominally, I have, but practically I haven't.' , ' Then why do you keep him ? ' ] 44 I can't help myself. He is Mr. Dare ; and having been t recommended by a higher power than I, there he must stay in spite of me.' J 44 Who recommended him ? ' ' The same — De Stancy.' t ' It is very odd,' murmured Somereet, ' but that young man is the object of my visit.' e ' You had better leave him alone,' said Havill, drily. t Somerset asked why. ' { ' Since I call no man master over that way I will inform f you.' Havill then related in splenetic tones, to which e Somerset did not cue to listen till the story began to advance itself, how he had passed the night with Date at 4 the inn, and the incidents or that night, relating how he o had seen some letters on the young man's breast which long ii bad puzzled him. ' They were an E, a T, an N, and a C. I I thought over them long, till it eventually occurred to me I that the word when filled out was De Stancy, and that kinship explains the offensive and defensive alliance between them.' ' But good heavens, man ! ' said Somerset, more and more disturbed. ' Does she know of it ? ' ' You may depend she does not yet ; but she will soon enongh. Hark — there it is ! ' The notes of the castle clock were heard striking noon. ' Then it is all over.' ' What ? — not^ their marriage ? ' ' Yes. Didn't yoa know it was the wedding day ? They were to be at the church at half- past eleven. I should have waited to 6ee her go, but it was no sight to hinder business for, as she was only going to drive over in her brougham with Miss De Stancy.' 44 My errand has failed ! ' said Somereet, turning on his heel. 44 I'll walk back to the town with yon.' However he did not walk far with Havill ; society was too much at that moment. As soon as opportunity offered he branched from the road by a path, and avoiding the town went by railway to Budmouth, whence he resumed, by the night steamer, his journey to Normandy. Chapter XIV, To return to Charlotte De Stancy. When the train had borne Somereet from her sider and she had regained her self-possession, she became conscious of the true propor tions of the fact he had asserted. And, further, if the telegram had not been his, why should the photographic distortion be trusted as a phase of his existence ? Bat after a while it seemed so improbable to her that God's sun, as it is called, should bear false witness, that instead of doubting both evidences she was inclined to readmit the first. Still, upon the whole, she could not question for long the honesty of Somerset's denial ; and if that message had indeed been sent by him, it must have been done whi'e he was in another such an unhappy state as that exemplified by the portrait. The supposition reconciled all differences; and yet she could not but fight against it with all the strength of a generous affection. All the afternoon her poor little head was busy on this perturbing question, till she inquired of herself whether after all it might not be possible for photographs to repre sent people as they had never been. Before rejecting the hypothesis she determined to have the word of a professor on the point, which would be better than all her surmises. Returning to Markton early she told the coachman whom Paula had sent to drive her to the shop of Mr. Ray, an obscure photographic artist in that town, instead of straight home. Ray's establishment consisted of two divisions, the respectable and the shabby. If, on entering the door, the visitor turned to the left, he found himself in a magazine of old clothes, old furniture, china, umbrellas, guns, fishing rods, dirty fiddles, and split flutes. Entering the right-hand pa66age, which had originally been that of an independent house, he was in an ordinary photographer's and print collector's depository, to which a certain artistic solidity was imparted by a few oil paintings in the background. Char lotte made for the latter department, and when she was inside Mr. Ray appeared in person from the lumber-shop adjoining, which, despite its manginess, contributed by far the greater moiety to his income. Charlotte put her question simply enough. The man did not answer her directly, but soon found that she meant no harm to him. He told her that such misrepresentations were quite possible, and that they embodied a form of humour which was getting more and more into vogue among certain facetious classes of society. Charlotte was coming away when she asked, as on second thoughts, if he had any specimens of such work to show her. 'None of my own preparation,' said Mr. Ray, with unimpeachable probity of tone. 44 I consider them libellous myself. Still, I have one or two samples by me, which I keep merely as curiosities. — There's one ! he said, throwing out a portrait card from a drawer. That represents the King of Prussia in a violent passion ; this one shows the Prime Minister out of his mind ; this the Pope of Rome the worse for liquor.' She inquired if he had any local specimens. 'Yes,' he said, 'but I prefer not to exhibit them unless you really ask for a particular one that you mean to buy.' ' I don't want any.' 44 Oh, I beg pardon, Miss. . Well, I shouldn't myself have known such things were produced, if there had not -been a young man here at one time who was very ingenious inj'these matters— a Mr. Dare, he was quite a gent, and only did it as an amusement, and not for the sake of getting a living.' Charlotte had no wish to hear more. On her way home she buret into tears : the entanglement was altogether too much for her to tear asunder, even had not her own instincts been urging two ways, as they were. To immediately right Somerset s wrong was her impetu uub ueHire aa uu uunesi woman wno lovea mm ; but sucn rectification would be the jeopardising of all else that grati fied her — the marriage of her brother with her dearest friend— now on. the very point of accomplishment. It was a marriage which seemed to promise happiness, or at least comfort, if the old flutter that had transiently disturbed Paula's bosom could be kept from reviving, to which end it became imperative to hide from her the discovery of injus tice to Somerset. It involved the advantage of leaving Somerset free ; and though her own tender interest in him had been too well schooled by habitual self-denial to run ahead on vain personal hopes, there was nothing more thtm human in her feeling pleasure in promoting Somerset's singleness. Paula might even be allowed to discover his wrongs when her marriage had put him out of her power. But to let her discover his ill-treatment now might upset the impending union of the families, and wring her own heart with the sight of Somerset married in her brother's place. Why Dare, or any other person, should have set himself to advance her brother's cause by such unscrupulous black ening of Somerset's character was more than her sagacity could fathom. Her brother was, as far as she could see, the only man who could directly profit by the machination, and was therefore the natural one to suspect of having set it going. But she would not be so disloyal as to entertain the thought long ; and who or what had instigated Dare, who was undoubtedly the proximate cause of the mischief, remained to her an inscrutable mystery. The contention of interests and desires with honour in her heart shook Charlotte all that night ; but good principle prevailed. The wedding was to be solemnised the very next morning, though for before- mentioned reasons this was hardly known outside the two houses interested ; and there were no visible preparations either at villa or castle. De Stancy and his groomsman — a brother officer— slept at the former residence. De Stancy was a sorry specimen of a bridegroom when he met his sister in the morning. Thick-coming fancies, for which there was more than good reason, hadoisturbed him only too successfully, and he was as full of apprehension as one who has a league with Mephistopheles. Charlotte told him nothing of what made her likewise so wan and anxious, but drove off to the castle, as had been planned, about nine o'clock, leaving her brother and his fnend at the breakfast-table, to follow later. That clearing Somerset's reputation from the stain which had been thrown on it would cause a sufficient reaction in Paula's mind to dislocate present arrangements she did not 30 seriously anticipate now that morning had a little calmed her. Since the rupture with her former architect Paula had sedulously kept her own counsel, but Charlotte issnmed from the ease with which she seemed to do it that her feelings towards him had never been inconveniently warm ; and she hoped that Paula would learn of Somer set's purity with merely the generous pleasure of a friend, coupled with a friend's indignation against his fraducer. Still, the possibility existed of stronger emotions, and it was only too evident to poor Charlotte that knowing fhia, the had still less excuse for delaying the intelligence till he strongest emotion would be purposeless. On approaching the castle the first object that caught her :ye was Dare, standing beside Havill on the scaffolding of he new wing. He was looking down upon the drive and xrart, as if in anticipation of the event. His contiguity lurried her, and instead of going straight to Paula she ought ont Mrs. Goodman. 'You are come early: that's right!' said the latter. You might as well have slept here last night. We have mly Mr. Wardlaw, the London lawyer, you have heard of n the house. Your brother's solicitor was here yesterday ; int he returned to Markton for the night We miss Mr. ower so much— it is 00 unfortuuate that he should have been obliged to go abroad, and leave us unprotected women with so much responsibility.' ' Yes, I know,' said Charlotte quickly, having a shy distaste for the legal prose incident to the romance of matrimony. 44 Paula has inqnired for you.' ' Whatsis she doing ? ' 44 She is' in her room : she has not begun to dress yet. Will you go to her ? ' Charlotte assented. 'I have to teR her something,' she said, ' which will make no difference, but which I should like her to know this morning — at once. I have discovered that we have been entirely mistaken about Mr. Somerset' She nerved herself to relate succinctly what had come to her knowledge the day before. Mrs. Goodman was mnch impressed. She had never clearly heard before what circumstances had attended the resignation of Paula's architect. 'We had better not tell her till the wedding is over,' she presently said ; ' it would only disturb her, and do no good.' ' But will it be right ? ' asked Miss De Stancy. ' Yes, it will be right if we tell her afterwards. Oh, yes — it must be right,' she repeated in a tone which showed that her opinion was unstable enough to require a little fortification by the voice. ' She loves your brother ; she must, since she is going to many him ; and it can make little difference whether we rehabilitate the character of a friend now, or some few hours hence. The author of those wicked tricks on Mr. Somerset ought not to go a moment unpunished.' ' That's what I think ; and what right have we to hold our tongues even for a few hours ? ' Charlotte found that by telling Mrs. Goodman, she had simply made two irresolute people out of one, and as Paula was now inquiring for her, she went up stairs without having come to any decision. 