THE LAST ABBEVILLE OF DURICANE. (.Reprinted from the Lamp.) CHAPTER I. rt was under the reign of Good Queen Bess,” as many Englishmen still call her, little as the claim to such a title is now allowed tier. On the south-west const of England where the waves of the ocean sing then- eternal lullaby, there lay, nestling as it were among the rocks, the old baronial castle of the Abbevilles of Duricane. Since the time of the Normans the three lions on a ground vert had floated from the battlements, and while the lady of the castle pined in soli tude, an Abbeville was the terror of his foes either under r.ichard the Lion-hearted in Palestine or Talbot before the walls of Orleans. But as years moved on this war like renown paled. It is true that the green standard still waved among the rocks, and the sound of the hunter’s horn was still occasionally heard on the downs, but for the most part the castle hardly seemed alive. The descendant of the Abbevilles quitted with reluctance his old grey castle, he seldom or never appeared at court, and only in com pliance with the wishes of a few old friends, did he now and then indulge in the pleasures of the chase. Some secret sorrow must be gnawing at Lord Richard’s heart. Society was insupport able. to him, and it was only of the solitude of Duricane Castle that he never seemed to tire. And yet he was not quite a lone being in the world ; he had a daughter, who shone at the Court of Queen Elizabeth ; hut he had no son, and it seemed as if the name of Abbeville must he extinguished. Some people tried to li ml a reason for Abbeville’s avoidance of society in this circumstance, others whispered that it was caused by re morse of conscience in consequence of some ill-treatment of his iirst wife, whoso rerneui 1,ranee still lived m the giateful heaits of her dependents ; there were some who went so far as to assert that she was living when he contracted his second marriage, but tliey dared not express their opinions openly, for Illy lord was a severe master. He had sworn eternal hatred against the Catholics, so that there was hardly one. to be found in the whole county. As soon as he learned lhat there was a piiost in the neigh bourhood, or that the poorest “Papist” was going to his Christian duties, he watched him frornbehind his lone breastworks, rushed out upon him with numerous followers, in order to o-ivc him chase, and no rest till the poor man was languishing in the prison of the nearest town. And woe if the chase proved unsuccessful. Woe to his followers ! Woe even to the great black dog which was always his companion ; for even Moloch had to feel bis master’s wrath when things did not go exactly as lie had planned them. It was a dark night; the clouds piled them selves up in heaps or rolled into masses as if ready either to send forth suddenly their fiery shafts, or to pour themselves down in heavy streams. The waves beat, roaring against the rocks, and threw their foam hissing against their steep sides, as if in rivalry of the howling wind. It is a mighty and terrible concert, in which all dissonant tones concur to bring forth a fearful hind of harmony. Even in the great tower of [durieatie Castle the lights are ex tinguished, The keeper of the tower, his teeth chattering with fear, wraps his cloak around him, and leaving his dreary couch creeps down the steep winding staircase into the more cheerful kitchen where the family of servants are assembled. “ It is as if all the bad spirits were abroad,” he muttered as he approached the hearth. “ It forbodes no good,” said old Ailey, as she sat at her spinning wheel. “ I have never but once known such a storm, and that was when my lord was thirty years old, and that is some time since.” “ And did anything bad happen ?” asked the l'air-haired Madge. Silence, child ! There are somethings of which we ought not so much as to think. But I tremble still more for the things which are, perhaps, coming. Early this morning the staff of our colours broke, and it cannot be mended. God preserve the Queen and the race of Abbeville.” Then through the howling of the tempest there was heard a shot. , “ A ship !” cried they all with one voice. “ It is the Papists,” said Willie the page ; “ they always choose such nights as this for landing.” “ Have you any reason for thinking so ?” asked Archibald, the earl’s own servant, in a decided and somewhat pompous tone. He was a tall man with a pale face, which evi dently betrayed the Puritan. He was almost as much feared as his lord himself, and Willie made a stammering answer : “ John Stamps was walking up and down on the rocks the whole of the middle of the day, and his daughter Ellen was waving a red handker chief from the tower cliff.” Archibald said no more, but rising slowly left the company. j “ Now there will he another chase,” sighed ! Madge. “ How can people be so cruel ?” “ Madge,” said Ailey threatening her with her finger, “ it does not become a daughter of old England to speak thus. The chase is only after the Papists, tiie enemies of our Queen and of our faith.” “ Oh, if it were only after the wild beasts of the wood I should have no regret,” she murmured quietly, and a tear trickled down her cheek. “The white lady! the white lady!” cried Willie suddenly, as he pointed to aside tower near. Before one of the windows there stood a tall, thin, pale fieure ; she held a lamp in her hand, and her eyes appeared to svreen through the darkness over the wide spread ocean. The servants looked up in breathless terror ; but Ailey let her wheel go round with a louder hum, and appeared to care little for the general alarm. Suddenly the lady stretched out her arms, the light vanished and all was obscurity in the tower. “ It is the ghost of some lady of the castle,” whispered some. “ The ghost of Lady LtheJ. “What do you know of Lady Ethel? Silence, silence. You are not to mention her name. Lady Lthel has long rested in the family grave, under the old chapel,” said old Aiiey in an excited manner. “ How terrible that was. I am so fright ened,” said Madge. Archibald at this moment entered the room. “ Light the light in the tower,” he said in a harsh and commanding tone. j A shudder ran through his hearers at this j fearful command, hut they all were so afraid of the severe Archibald, that no one dared to question his word. They ascended in silence towards the tower, j while Madge fixing her eyes upon Willie said j reproachfully : u Oil, Willie, what have you been saying?” Then there was silence in the servants’ hall, and only7 the raging elements and the hum of the spinning wheels was to be heard. Lord Richard stood at the window of his apartment, and looked forth. His sharp eyes seemed as if they7 would penetrate the dark ness. From time to time the black clouds were illuminated by7 a flash of lightning, which showed a ship which was driving to wards the castle. A demoniacal smile passed over the face of its lord. He followed with breathless anxiety the course of the vessel which sometimes curried by7 the waves seemed ready to dash upon the castle rocks, some times appeared to be swallowed in the abyss. But a feeling of satisfaction pervaded his breast, his eyes shone with joy, and his hands trembled with anxious expectation as often as by the flashes of light he saw that the ship came nearer and nearer to the rock. There was but a small space between it and destruction ; the waves danced wildly around the little bark, the foam broke over its deck ; then a mighty wave drove it onwards. A second shot sounded like tne adieu of despair, ami a cry for help seemed to sound from the abyss. Lord Richard laughed. Moment after mo ment the flashes followed each other, every move of the ship could be observed. Then he saw a small boat tossing on the waves to its rescue, and he stamped the ground with rage. Meanwhile the fury of the storm has abated. The lord of the castle retires from the window, sinks into his arm-chair, and for hours stares motionless on the red glare of the hearth. On the following morning the storm had exhausted itself. It is true the heavens were still grey, the earth still bore the traces of the heavy rain which had poured upon it, and the clouds still rolled in monstrous forms, but the rage of the elements was stilled as if they were satisfied with the sacrifice that the lord of the castle had brought them. The shapeless wreck lay among the rocks, two dead bodies lay on the sands, a sailor and a young man, who seemed as in a peaceful slumber. “ That is a Popish priest,” cried the villa gers, as removing his coarse under linen they drew forth a small silver cross and a reli quary. “ Into the fire with that,” exclaimed a pair of hot-heads. “No, tike it to my lord,” advised a third, “ he will give us a reward for it.” The inhabitants of John Stamps’ solitary fishing hut seemed to care little for the outer world. The little Ellen was sitting at the door, busied as usual in making nets. John and his wife were standing within by the side of a poor little bed, on which lay a pale but handsome youth. “ He opens his eyes, John,” said Mary, and her voice trembled with joyful emotion. “ Jesus, Mary ! where am I ?” he whispered so quietly that only the woman who bent over him could catch the words. “ P>e still,” she replied, “ we have saved you ; we who are one with you in faith and in love.’ And to confirm her words John took a crucifix from the wall which was covered by the bed curtains and held it be fore him. The young man stretched out his hand for it, and pressed it warmly to his lips ; then he again closed his eyes. There was again silence in the cottage, the sick man slept ; Mary busied herself about household matters. John had taken up his nets, and had returned to the strand. “Mother,” cried Ellen, “here comes my lord.” Mary grew pale, she hastily drew the curtains together and enjoined upon Ellen the strictest silence. “ Has your father saved anyone from the shipwreck?” asked Lord Iticluird of the girl. Was it fancy, or did her terror deceive her? It seemed to Mary that his rough harsh voice trembled a little. Ellen shook her head. “Speak the truth, child, or—” and he swung his riding-whip in a threatening manner. Light as a chamois sprang Ellen past his side,"and in no time had clambered up a rock. The earl muttered something like a curse between his teeth, and without further delay entered the cottage. “ Answer the question which I asked your child,” lie said in a commanding tone. “ Pardon me, my lord,” stammered Mary, “you know that we obey your lordship’s commands.” “ Have the goodness to understand what I said. I ask whether you have saved any one?” “ Early this morning a body was cast ashore.” “ I saw a boat go out to the ship. VV hat did it bring back ?” “ I was not in it, my lord.” “ But your husband was and his father. Do not play the innocent. Does your religion permit this shuffling. It is for me to decide upon life or death. Tell me at once who was saved ?” There was more sorrow than anger in his tremulous voice. Must lie not wish an unfor tunate man to escape ? But Mary was cautious. “ Pardon me, my lord, the ship—” A slight cry in the corner interrupted her. She trembled and became deadly pale. The earl hastened to the poor bed. ‘“My lord,” she cried beside herself, “ since when has pity been a crime?” He heard her not, he forgot that there was any one in the cottage but himself and the shipwrecked man. With feverish haste he drew aside the curtain and looked at the sleep ing man, who seemed as if troubled by a painful dream. But this was soon over, and again he smiled. His dark locks lay on bis marble forehead, the long eyelashes, the fast closed lips gave the appearance of peaceful and restoring rest. “ Father, mother,” he whispered now in his dream. the can's breast heaved with stormy emo tion ; liis fiery eyes rested on the sleeping youth with an expression of pain which he seemed unable to repress. He felt as if lie must bend down over him and press him weeping to his heart, while ho bestowed upon him the tenderest names. In the very next moment, however, Ids face again became, cold as that of a statue, his lips were firmly closed and his frame bent under the weight of a heavy struggle. Then he turned suddenly : “ Mary,” he said,“ I forgive you your disobedi ence ; this youth is the son—of one of my friends. I pity his errors, and will receive him in my castle ; Archibald will provide •everything necessary for his recovery.” Mary bent her head submissively, but as the proud lord left the cottage she sank sobbing upon her knees. The young man’s sleep was too sound to he disturbed by his removal to the castle. When he awoke at a very early hour the next morn ing he lay on a white couch surrounded by flowers. The sun threw its golden rays upon the terrace before him, and in the distance he heard soft music. lie looked around in sur prise. He had had sweet dreams. A lady clothed in white had bent over him, and kissed him on the forehead ; she seemed to be his mother, and as she did once on her death bed so she had now placed a broken cross upon his breast. Would the dream continue? But who could his mother be ? lie raised himself up, something fell upon the covering of the bed. It was the half crucifix of his dream. But he always wore the broken cross next his heart, and he in stinctively drew forth the silken chord which held it. There Imng the broken half, he pressed the two parts together, and they formed a whole. Quite bewildered he concealed the cross in his pocket. A new surprise! his coarse ■clothes had disappeared, and he found that lie was wearing a black silk dress such as the pages of Queen Elizabeth wore at that time. He rose. A large mirror reflected his figure. He cast a fleeting glance upon it, and went, out on to the terrace, turning his steps to the side from whence the music pro ceeded. A few steps above him some young girls were seated among (lowers shining in silk and velvet, and in the midst, of them, with her harp in tier hand, and the most beautiful of all, a, slight and lovely form in a, blue silk robe and with a golden diadem in tier hair, rose to meet the young man as lie approached. She gave the harp to one of her companions, and descending the steps she addressed the youth : “ Welcome to Ihirieane Castle,” she said in the sweetest voice, “ welcome. Oh, stranger, may you bring peace to these walls.” “ Lady,” lie said timidly, “ are you the mistress of the house?” “ I am Hilda,” she replied, u the daughter of Ijord Abbeville, the lady of Durieaue, and one of (he maids of honour to our good Queen Elizabeth.” “Oh, lady, then you are able to explain what so tills me with surprise. For a while 1 was in a boat with some dear and true friends, which rvas threatened to he. swal lowed up hv the waves, and now I see, the ocean calm as a looking-glass, and I myself in an entire!}' different and quite strange, situation. Tell me, lady, was it only a dream? Where is the ship in which l re mained so long ? ” Lady Hilda, pointed with a serious look to the waves which played upon the rocks, be tween which a wreck lay fast fixed. “ That is your vessel,” she said, “ or at least fill that remains of it. Your companions I rest cither in the deep or in the peaceful churchyard.” J The young man hid his face in his hands in ( dumb sorrow. The lady looked at him in silence. ' “ So the light which we saw upon these rocks was a false one ?” he said at last. I “ No light is burned upon these rocks,” she said quickly, “ or if there was one it was j meant as a warning.” “ We took it for a lighthouse.” - u What a fearful mistake ! You are the I only one saved. My father offers you hospi tality in his castle, and he will show you still greater kindness if you forsake your super stitions.” The young man fixed his eyes proudly on the beautiful girl. “ Lady,” he said, “ at such a price I would not purchase a throne. Tell i your father so. I will leave the castle at once.” “ No, you must remain. Tell me j’our name.” “ Reginald Reaulieu.” “ Are you French ?” lie shook his head. Ilis liand rested on | the iron rail while his mournful eyes swept over the boundless waters. Gilda stole a glance at him. u IIow hand some he is,” she thought, and then she ven tured to ask : “ How old are you ?” “ Five-and-twenty.” “ Five-and-twenty ? Then you are older than I am. I thought you hardly twenty. Now tell me something about France. Arc you known at the court? Make yourself one of us, and render my short stay in this lonely castle a little more lively with your pleasant conversation.” “ Pardon me, lady ; my companionship is too undistinguished for such as you. A child of the people, brought up in a quiet village, I know nothing of the vanities of the world ; I am acquainted with little beyond what is called the ‘ folly of the Cross.’ ” “ Oh, lie ! You remind me then that you are a Papist. Re reasonable and follow me ; here in England we have for a long time I broken off from Romish idolatry. Do the same.” j He spoke not, his look was of deep pity. “ Relieve my words. My father has some designs about you. Never before has he received a stranger so graciously. Do not be obstinate. He can make you great and re nowned, and what more can a youth of your age require ? Despise any honours that Rome can bring you, and please my father.” “ Rady, I desire honour from England alone, hut I am not worthy of it.” “ It is vain for you to desire honour till you have cast off your superstition.” “ You do not understand me, lady. If your father gives me my liberty I will hasten to London to fullil my duty.” “ Do you know what awaits you there?” He smiled. “ You neither know nor suspect, foolish boy. Rut I know. I have seen them. I have seen young men of your age, and grey headed men bending under the weight of years, I have seem them on their way to-” “ To Tyburn ?” “ Yes, to Tyburn, that is the fate of all of yon. or if the Queen is very merciful, to the Tower ; the fearful Tower, with its thick walls and its dismal cells. Once enter there and only death comes to bring release. Oh, I have seen the young, the lovely, the be loved, those nearest to the Queen herself in rank ; I saw Philip of Arundel enter there, once the Queen’s favourite, whom she almost selected as her husband. He entered full of health and strength. I was then a child, and was playing carelessly in the house of the governor ; he bent down to kiss me, and I felt a tear fall upon my forehead. Ten years have passed since then, and he still lies dying in those dark cells far from bis children, far from his sorrowing wife. There will he no one to close his eyes, no one to weep hv his death-bed. You see this is the fate of those who are disobedient to the Queen.” “ And obey God.” “No, not God; but their own humour. The Queen is good and generous. Why dis please her ? The fools ! Is it then so difli cult to choose between honour and shame : between fortune and allliction ?” “ Retween a llowery gailand and a crown of thorns? Rut among the Rowers a deadly poison is concealed, and between the thorns shines pure gold.” “ Where is that gold ? I see it not. A vain deceit 1” Reginald looked up to heaven. “ There,” he said, solemnly, “ every thorn is changed into a shining ruby. Woe to me did I choose a crown of fading flowers before it.” Gilda was silent. She was tilled with an involuntary awe. lie was the first to break the silence ; and shewing her the pieces of the broken cross, said : u I found this piece of silver in my room ; do you know it ?” Gilda held the two pieces together. “ Our coat of arms is in the middle of it,” she cried in surprise. “ Xo, I never saw it. What do you know about it ?” “ This piece belongs to me. A few hours before her death, my mother said to me, ‘ Reginald, go to England, and if you find anyone who can again make this cross whole you can ask him regarding your descent.’ ” “ I know it not,” cried Gilda with emotion. “ I suspect, I fear much. Farewell ! You must not leave this terrace. Now, go to your room, there you will find some refreshment. If my father comes to see you, 1 intreat you not to irritate him. (to UK CONT1NUKD.) 