MOY O'BRIEN A. . Tale of Zrish Life. D'Y "M ELLBINE." (Iniserted bU Special Arrangjement teith Harper . Brothers, Newro York.) OHAPTER XXIX.--(Contitnued).- 'W ell; as the Ameiricans wohld sity, I think that ought to, fetch him,' said. Mr.Davoren, laughing, as. he handed the letter to'Moy,' after reading it over carefully. ':And now,' he added, 'I . have i·rdered'that anbient "coveied car :for this:afternoon to take ii' oveir'tothe Arthu1:s.. Yobi ought to return Miss Wentworth!s visit,' and'the drive will : do you good. ".'" . . So.: they ':went,: 'aiind" fouid Lady .atherine -in:' the act. 'of writing to Moy. ' ?'How curiousl' 'she said, coning froin' lier little;"ritiing.table to meet 'theiii ' I .wasi'just"asking you both to come over and dine with us to mor row, to'talk' over sbme privite theatri cals we are tiying to get up.' M. , oy thanked her, but deolinied the theatricals."' ' You know, dear, she said,, have not been anywhere the whole winter. ' Th very reason you ought to begin now, Don't youdd thik so ?' ad she a; ppealed to Mr, Davoren. He agreed with her H' thodught it would be good foi Moy, and thiat, she Sought to do it.; . . •'And ndw that Mr. O'Brien is so i.well she has no oexcuse,' said' Lady 'Catherine. :" : So Moy felt herself being drawn'into .gayety against hler will. Shb hand many good reasons for not wishing to go but just no w; bti the strongest w;as 'to help Mri. Gilmartin. .Had he not said, ' While you are here I musintlstay away. ?We have ahieaindly had such fun,' continued Lady Catherins. ' W'e were reading Shakspeaike' aloud, and one evehing~'we actially' set to work to act " namlet. 'We' 'did Mr. Wentworth up inu'black calico; whiolih. oraokled fright fully as poor Hamlet walked aboult, and SI lent the. Ghost.my water-proof,' and :although papa said'it ought td 'hive :boeen called a soreaming farce', I think, Sit was very, good. However, this new Sidea is ona much grander scales: and it seems to me there'are a great many? more people at home now than there used to be. I find I can :sorape ..to gather a' really ' respectable-sized "audience; and now, Mr. Davoren, will you cot ?' "The Ghost in Hamlet ?' he asked. ' I will choose that if I may have youe water-prdof.' She blushed and laughed. ',No, no, This time, ve are not going to attempt tragedy. We have almost doolded on " The Ladies' Battle,', It's veryi easy, they lsay.' Do yoi know it? ' Yes; but I have only soon it anoted by amateurs,' he said. , 'Ah' somuchi the better for us ;you won't be drawinfig comparisons between some celebrated professionals and our Shumble selves. But to proceeed,': Miss Weiitwdtlh is to be Lconie, eor biother is' to be the Brigadier, I'am to be' tlie 'Countess, and MIr', Gilmartin has at last consented to" 'dnot' Henri' de Flavignoul, I 'think' he' will' de soribe that scene beautifully ~vh'~ire he pin's his bwn corossi 'oni the old s61. dier's breast., But now, Mr ,Davorou, what will: you be ?'! :and: she oIboked very eagerly for his answer. : " I thihk;" sakid Matiri0,e, the only oharacter loft for me to take is theli one I wouldi soonest have.: But do you really want help ?"' ... :.i '" Oh, ,most' decidoly I': have ieden counting, upbn your. help.. I knew it was no use of askingMoy. There is the. Braibnr'o Montrichard left and Gustave do Grignion." '.At that mmoment Miss Wentworth ontered'tho drawing-room, and as Moy hurried forward to meet her, Mr. Davo ren said in a low voice to Lady Catho inoe, 'Let me be Do Grignon when he : says to the Countosse, ' I willgo through with it, like the bravest of them, if ' may but hear you say at my last mo .:ment, ' I am by you?'" :: Miss Woentworth thought, as Mr. Davoron was presented to her, that he had a very flue face, and was a remark "ably happy.looking man, while the next moment she found herself roe marking her unusually brilliant color :in her cousin's face., Moy thought that Miss Wentworth ldoked anxious. She had not the calm, :,happy look of the other day, when they weore driving together, but she took her hnittmlng at once, and so occupied her s:eof wlhilo she' talked, Her knitting, as Iady' Cathlorine pointed out, was wvorth ro.n?maiklng,. It was only wllIon sooks f: or; gntblomon;, but wihli these she had p't iii' a' ehuP~uhwylindow,,and' iow sup po dr;', ,coffeoe pialace,,i :i Loidon. 'filor frlonds bought the stobkings from her, and ot her ' lairgo orders' from others. At last Moy looked at MR. ])avoron, :'and roio to takoloeavo, and then it was arrange&d;' thant thle two should dline wilthb'lio. Arthurs the following day, . and talk the A' play ' over. As thoy drovohmom, Mauricoe said, A I am glad, for mly. own sakeo, that 'L tly Cat heorine is to be the 'Countess bxitsi. e ught to have boen Leoonie, for she lboks much younger than Miss Wentwort1.. MoyIogedh o i a what, relation Henri .d Flavigneul stood tio 'Leonie, but she dared not... The next morning Mr. Gilmartin's man-servant called at thb' door, with his master's compliments, to" know if Miss O'Brien.and Mr. Davorein would go iii his carriage to Lord.Arthur's, as Mr. Gilmartin ,.was.:also,~,igomg to dinner. " Mr. Davoren looked at MoyJ ,, ' ,We cannot refuse such a very considerable request," said he. Moy bent her head; ?and so an answer accepting the offer was returned, and all Maurice said was, ~,Now, you won't walk into Lady jArtlhiur's drawing room with some of the lining of tho carriage sticking to yijor dreesi,! as was the case yesterday.'. .: i -','. Moy laughed. 'Poor people I' shie said; ' till quite lately they have made so little at the'inn, they really may be oexcused- for. not having- the car re. lined.', S'It's been. relined, patched with wood, and repaired.all over so' ofteii, said Mr. Davorn,: ,tlift I - thitik, like Sydney Smith'scarriagei,. it ought to be called "'the Immortal! "'T Men forget so anytlhing buti ~hat immedia tely ,touches themselves; and some times even then. b Now?t?hit Mr. Gilmartin and Miss Weiitivorth ,wore:. engaged to be minarried, and Maurice snaw no more of the admination-4-to;use no stronger ter-m-iwhich Mr. Gihnar tin had;once filt fo Moy; the thioughts. which had so much annoyedhihn faded entirely from 'his memory, and he eveni forgot that. lhe had ever callad Mr. Gilmartin 'a confounded flirt i' oHAPTER XXX. i " Their glances mot It seemed they could no more remain aloof Than nearing waters hurrying into one, , Yet their steps slackoned, and they, pjiauseod · apar t,- , Pressed backward by the force of memories Wlhich roigned supreme as death." . 'Vh Spainish Gypej, Mn. Ga.caITN'ms carriage,' stopped. the. way a':t Mr.: O'Brien's gate punctually at the hour named, and, in walked'its owner, looking :ery hand sorde, but very stern ; he paused for a moment :on ' his way ;to. the idraw,-, uing-room before the picturi-the likeness 'of his aincestor--whioli MiiSs Wentworth ha.dlibeen speakin'g to himn about, and then ie passed on,. and Kitty ushered hinm into tlhe drawnig room. There sat M?r. Davoren by the shaded lamp, reading -the FrIeeuan's Jouronal; there was the piano, theli music, the picture thalnt he :(Mri.:Gil uriitin) hnd looked atf\iwhile fihe qubtoed Mr. Morley's'words about women be inkg 'th' -hardbst' f: "froblems '-all brought'back the evening that had conoluded the few; happlesthwebeks of this man's lonely life. Therie was hardly time for much thought about it at all, for Mr. Davorenli began talking. 6f the latest news, and the prospects of peace. - s \- Lord - is said to have seued it for us,' said he; 'but I expect.his po6!kts are so full"bf o.fireworki thant there will be a grand blazo befor :very long. However, he will have floated himself into a niche in Westminsetei' Abbey. That style of thing is all he cares for. There is not one woird in his speech of. generous syinyathy for any oppressed nation.'r ' The world must be still very, iin oivilized,' said Mlfr. Gilmartin, _'whed to be great is to be able -to flourish guns and fists at your neighbours all round without being laughed at.'i And just as he finished':speaking, Moy entered the room;. She had never, even in the rich:dress :he had seen-her in at the secoidinmusioal party in:Lon don, looked:iio lotelylas.now in her exquisitive soft white muslin, high to the throat. Slie was, still iih mourn ing, so she wore no icolor find hei'only ornament was a spray of fresh white lilae in her hair. She had her shawl on her arm, aind Mr. Gilmartin,! with one huirriidlly withdrawn glance"tt her, went to put on her wrap, and then, as if , he remembered somethifig, drew backl' almost with a haughty gestui'e, and Maurice placed the shawl round lier'ashouldors, but the owner of the carriage oflfered her his arm to lead her t~o' it. So " stately and tall he crossed tkhe. hall " with MIoy beside him, and Mlr. Davoren following, they were watched by three pair of admiring eyes-the cook's, and Kitty's; and Tim O'Leoary's. Poor Tim, he had been very subdued over since the private enquiry at Mr. Syms's. When the excitement was over his spirits sank, and he blamed himself for the whole affair, as far as ";Miss Moy" was concerned. "I'd hev' done better to let that old rascallion go homo to Ardoovin, arid -ill himself with his own brandy," said he, "-than .uit after him as I did. Sure, I might hey' known Miss Moy was too much of a saint, bless her 1 to like any one even to got a bating." ,Moy got into the carriage, and thouen Mr. Davoron followed, and sat ddwn with his back to the horses. Mr. Gil martin asked him once if hlie would not sit the other way, but did not press it, and immediately seated him oself beside M?oy; but he was most caro ful not to rouse Mr. Davoron's jon lousy I He hardly addressed a romark to the lady, but devoted hiniself to the Bgontlomar, and Moy onjoyedi hearing thom talk about the stat?o of the coun try, polities, and trado. -When they arrived at tihe Arbuitra they found only Lady Arthur and her daughter in the drawing.room, aid -a tiny King Charlos, who received them all very graciously, and then rioetunied to his baskoet in a cornor near the lIre, Lady Arthur drew Moy to a seat bn tihe soi boeside her, andl, while they were having a little quiot chat togethllor, Clatherino and the two gentlomon stood on the hugo rug in front of the ufliro, for the ovening was chilly. Moy hoard her friend telling how Miss Went worth had been trying to make her scientific by reading aloud a "very stiff" book on theNebular Hypothesis 1 "and I was thinking all the time of 'The Ladies' Battle,' " said Lady Catherino. "I really was in. that state of mind that I did 'not care whether the world was formed out of nebulous haze .or green cheese, or whdther thought was a property. of rmatter,' or. no matter at all I" ""' And did Miss Wentworth never gti6is.the state of mind you.were in ?" asked Mr: Davoron, laughing. "" ' Yes; she gave me a look once, whlen my brain was.just feeling like' concentrated essence of. chaos; and so,' after an hour and a half 6f intense suffering,.. I confessedl that I did not like it, or wasnutu qtits in the humour for it." :Both' of thli gentlemen laughed.this .timie, and she went on. ' Actiirally, ' nstead of being lSvexed, or hnnnihilating mieiviii one scornful:glance for' my stepidity, she paid mo. .a high .compliinent- fanOcy, andi selia 'lies, never( bIeen ito Blarney rI. ? . . . .. . . .?.. .,..'," . 'Iamsinure Cathrio is alkg bout me,'. said Miss Wentworth's Idadylike vio.'e She had enterei d th lon?i'g drWigjig r6ioom iunperceived, add 'was now, approaching ..theigroup round:: thei fire... She had. her .knitting in her hand, but laid it down as shei shook !hands with' the'g`osts, '. She:stood by the sofa for.a-ininute speaking tb Moy, and Ithenr she..,turned:':round' to the threb on the hearth rug:. . , Miss Wentwvorth,' iaid Mir. Gil Imati-(6ea: d'M6y w6oderedl if. he never 'called her e':Alice '),' willr youi be so good'dis:' to tell us all the eomnpliment 'yokiipaid?Lady Catherine to-day!"" "'II told heiher intellect was brilliant en'piuglh' tograpple witlh all tlihdsbje6ts we had been reading about, one' after theother,' replied Miss Wenthorth'; addding, 'as she smiled at her. cousin, ' 8o you have been telling of 0 irself, .Catherine, andleaving oiut"thepraise. -that?is like you.' Then she turned away to Mlr. Gilmartin, and left Cathe rino and Mr. :Davoren to have a ohait together., , .. Though pobor Mloy sat aiid talked to Lady Arthur, s?de :oiuld iinotlieolp ob serving M ,fr, Gilimartinm:and ,Miss Went. worth:: She rdid 'not"'appear' to see ,'th?m, and yeit, thoi'gh. she icoild "only hear' a word now and thenof their con versation, she ,wass keenly conisolous that Miss Wentwiorth had an anxious maniner to her betribthed,;:She'seemed to wish so much t'o please hin, :and to be iso fearfuil ,of not salisfying him, so; aware, perhaps, of te titrth 'thalt she neveor could :'satisfy ''himi. ?All thrbougih.the evening M'oy, obiservedo thlisin Miss Wentwoith's manner. , . ,.Miss Wentworth was ,richly diessed, but not :in 'lecominig: or,? ell- ohosen eplours, foned as. she was.of d?rbbing in: art... Still, like the- majority of her countrymeni'.and .women,.sha.was diefi oient' in that! true art instinct ,which makos a peison decide 'iiniiediately on whiat is harmonious and leasing tb' the eye. : !" ' " ",If wo:hda in;othiig .else to g'by,4this. total want of the knowledge of a proper mixture of oolours: which'Ti possessed:in so high a degree byall' Eastern'nations, would:prove that the ancestors of the English: stitdd too. long inithe cold and barren regions of the north of Germany, and lbst'in their sdjourn there "niuch of their Aryan' cultivation; while the Irish, cdmiii' from the East, either by sea dowit the: Mediterrnanean, or along the southern' 'shore of Africa, passed thence by .sea to Erin, and:there, far from the'chill ing:influence of the Saxon, nourished :and cherished:their artistic:and refined oivilisation, till it 'was almost swovpt awyay by those rude barbarians of tlh. North, whom it his been so much. he fashion of late to oxtol-thougli, ex oepting pbrihap's in 'physical trength~, it is' difficult to find out anything in .which. they excelled. ,In Frankland and in Ireland they found' a rich and. refieod eivilisation, and they crushed 'it out... They excelled as robbers and murderers. Theyover-ran and rayagedo country after country, arid portioned out the land among thomselves, and we may congratulato ourselves when we remember that nowhere wasitheir power at last so completely broken as in Ireland. 'When dinner was announced Lord Airthur gave his arm to Moy; Miss Wontworth followed with Mr. Davoroen ; then Lady Catherine and' Mr. Went worth; while Mr. Gilmartin and the countess brought up the rear, . Moy was distressed at boing(taken out before Miss Weontworth; b ut of course, as she was not staying it the house, and the other lady was, it was perfectly correct, and it had one grpat advwitago over any other arrangement, namoly-that it put the whole lonth of the long dinner table between Mr. Gihlmnartin and horsolf. Sheo tried never to look at him, but sometimes their eyes would meeoot. Ho had an expression grave and cold, and she felt as if her own had no expression at all. The conversation was protty genoral. Miss Wiont. worth talked wall, not brilliantly, bunt very evenly. She never forced an opinion or drove an. argument rudely to exotromes. She calmly suggested a likolilhood of such and nchl a way out of a difioulty, and so gained ground at every stop. Moy saw how much cnud how wimoly the Englishl woman had road, and tribd to fooeel glad that' Mr. Gihuartin would have a oompanlion so worthy to share his thouglhts, but some how or other she ould niot realiso that they would over be man and wife, Onuoo, just as this idea flaslihed thlroilgh her mind, sheo loooked from Mliss Wontworthl to Mr. Gilmartin, and found his eyes fixed upon hiormolf with au expression almost as if ho had road her thoughts, and hlie actually smulled as their eyes mot. ':oy, blushiig deeooply, looked away. ' After dinner, said Lady Catheorino, ' there is to be an inspection in the library of our almost medioval ward robe. The period of the play is 1810 ; but people, you know, wore their clothes for a much longer time in those days than we do now, so we can't be far wrong in using the helmets and jackets, the trains and the dresses, of the beginning of the last century; and I am sure I shall look well in what my great great-great-grandmother wore.' SI am afraid, Catherine,' said Lady Arthliur, that you did not go to-day to Mrs. Gerald's.' ,' How, could .1, dear mother ? 'It's perfectly fightful all the different directions I have wishe'd:to go in the liast few days. Alice says that if it was not for the dttiaiction of cbhesion Iwould fly all to pieces from thd action of thought. " Of course:.I said'.nibthiig of tlie kitina,' Mis Wentworth remarked; smiling at her'gay. cousin, at whom all the obthers were'olaughing'heartily. '.W.hat I .was to go to the Geralds' about,' said Lady Catherine,' was'Mr. :Gilmaiztin's and Mr. Davoren's livery. It does not sound well, does it? We thought ordinary livery would' be too dradfild on oii?'friends'devoted'shoul ners,'and:the Geralds have some ivon derfulb offiial suits, which :were worn before thlieEinjperor of Morocco, or the 'King ofi Siam, or some of these mys. terious' potedntttes, 'when 'sdome of the :Georald family were, sentton a special mission', and had 'a 't?ain of their own servants asattendants., 5 When the young people were going to the library, Moy asked 'to be allowed tb stay with Loid arid: Lady' Aithur; and as she'was not going' to takesany 'a rt in theplay, no one thought her request strange but Mr. Gilmartin; and 'Lady Cadtlierine knew that 'she was 'tryingin every way to avoid speaking to him, or even meeting his eye.; And. 'lio ? .The longing to speak t6o her was 'lecomiing stronger and.. strdnger, as each moment he became' more certain thatshe vi; ash not happy. :Thd factwas t~hat Moy's setrongth had been soroly tiied, especially tliheolast few. weelks, knd to night the conflictbetdee love iand diuty seemed oinuelly harird :t bear. She longed, like King David of dld, fori yings, tlihat she mightily away and be at rest." . ' ' At last she heard laughing voices as thoe :p?ity retiurned .from the lbrary and. then the carriage was announced; andn liord Arthui took her down to it limsinielf. Again 'shes sat. beside: Mr. Gilmarfin,.audlistened t'o his voice as he spdoke, though not often, to Maurice Davoren . t M:ay :lookbd out of the winidowiv and watcl?ed 'the clouds passing quickly over teli;starlit .sky, throwinmg! their darik shadows over trees and fields and farm-houses,,and many and many a rdboofless cabin; and she thought( of'all the :.'siad'heiarts that had turned froni thise i:humble homes and .passeo away to die or to still worse than death--to :dingy, ?bhoiless courts in great Englieli dities,.to see their chlildren growing up in poverty, misery, andsin. , A..ih I tonight lfoe seemed all too sad; hopeless, mysterious. Poor Moy for gitthat thoigh the c'olouds wore hiding the light;' still the light was there. She was only tired and weary of the 'battle' .Tako mo, my mother earth, to the sold A i fold mothere 'in everlasting rost The long day Is o'er; Im waonry I would aloop. i But do( , deoop, d .e .. Never to waken more." ',' (. '0( b o Ceoitlisu d). 