[?] EUM4if*OT-L4n»oK«-B£iW0., and'on reacluWPm^ey Jfto'i-^aa Jaid to flboutflOO; Just lieloreUie.inen i'liiade tfteiriappeanirice 5 te I wa«jAid,,.»nd BhaDy 4 to 1-wbb tafes fe^y,,Bio*it pf ^he ^veoto^pne^^^QuifiA^paBt^tfo ^rsciselVj arid |at 'the firei attempt, ?2-l3Ra~/Sin&a; 'went away 'for jthe race. ' The pair started very eveijly, liaycock going off with a stroke of Sd'to the tuinute, Ana J3&nl;&n; .Bculli^g &t; as: ' Tjie.'rprp^ft vmpm v?®m &$ remarkaWe vigpc ^oqu «ecared a filight lead, wliich £e increased as they passed Duke* Hea^te about half a -lengtlu -At the Jtop of the boathouses, going, .very strongly. ..Haitian iiad ,l«ft,*li# Aufitralian fully & length behind as they passed the' Creet- rtime^ljniiu^ 18 tec-.— -^ind as Tie mow relaxed Iiis e^etfione a iittle he' did' not gain much tipon' his opponent until half-way along Hie Concrete Wall, when, 8ofarnECoull.be judged from the Press, boat, which Jiad .dropped soinewhat iuto the sear, he was leading by about two lehgtliB. ' .He , was at tJiis tune goiijg easily and looking round at the Bpeclatore in- a ^. thoroughly uncoticerned manner,' At this point he suddenly slowed, down, and ~sbemcd very nervous about his course, and 'by the time the top of the ' Wall was reached, he. was rowing but 30. to the minute. Laycoclc in' the meantinie 'had been exerting himself to the utmost, aiid .and apparently punishing himself terribly. His stroke was very short, and he did not seem to. dip his sculls well into the .water at the' commencement, or to pull them well through. At this point Hanlan pulled out from. thp shore, into mjdriveu,. and rowednearly.right ahead of Xaycock^ treating h'ini.to^is wash. The pair now both began' making the shoot for the Surrey shore, Hanlan taking a splendidly judged course across, while. Tcickett, also steered Layeoek most judidpusly. ?. At tlie Grass, TOiarf Laycock was dnng'-all lie Vnew togethis boat through' ,t\ie water,' dasiiiijg m his sculls with a short' jerky stroke of 37. ' Harihuij* in the meanwhile, - was taking matters as. easily as .poasibk,, and 'maintained, lite 'lead with no apparunt effort. /Whenever the (An.tipodean.made a' sjMrt Banljuijlb.pt iiirsis:..or seven ' telliiig BtrokcB, a,hd gained aiiy lost ground again, imniediately slowing' down once inoro 'to his long steady stroke. They, passed - tlie mile ' point iu .the .^following ..tinjes :-»- Hanlau, 4 mill. 48 sec. ; LaycQck, .4 min. 59' sec.' At this point pf the jouriicy the, continupus exertions' made 'by ' the Australian seemed ')» begin to tell upon him, and ho still struck short ; and ' jerky,' and showed no improvement jn, hiB Ioi;m. On the ptheij band, .the Ciihttdiai» sculler was looking about liiiu', atthe.pucjple'on tlie banks, . and sculling leisurely along at fully three lengths and a half ahead: Neither of tlie oarsmen seemed to care to get far over to the Surrey side, Hanlaii especially, apparently preferring, jnid-stream, w)ule Lay.cock did notget, iiwij-e . than seven 'yards Surrey . wards from tlie line cut out by the Cham pion. As they approached the Crab Tree the 'Canadian -still maintained the same lead, and looked about him as coolly as ex'er, -i-hi]e.,Laj'cock, in ' recoverinir,'' caught .the water once or twice with his blades, which considerably retarded his nro^rcsa. At the Crab' Tree (time Hanlan 'j!»i:i. I2boc., Laycock C win. 20. sec), the Toronto man had a good three lengths ? lead in his favor. uAf, tliis part, oi the river the banks ^wo,, simply lined with spectators, every 'proininejit point being literally alive with people who had come together to get a.rjew of ihe struggle at a critical stage. The visitor, cheered the meit lustily. Thta seemed, to give a spur to Layco.ck\ who.dasheq jn.bJB bcuIIb freely , .and made a'Jbob}. eflort to recover his lost ground. Hanlan, however,, not to be taken unwares, responded, im'niediatciy, and 'lying down' to his Avork for some dozen strokesheshpt ahead #gaui at once, and helfl his opponent 'vntil ' the Austra lian's spurt had died away, .hi' response' to a cheer froip. the' cr,ow(j assembled on tlie, Suap 1 Works-bridge Hanlan ducked hisjiead and. laughed, but Laycock was apparently too intent upon the.busjness in luvnd to take any notice. The Soap Works' w,ei;e passed by the leader in, 7 -min. 30 sec.,, and by his opponent in f' min. 48 sec. After passing the, Soap Works, Lay cock steered, rather too closely into the Surrey' Bi3o,whicli necessitated his 'mak ing a ratjher'.wicfe dptour to go through Uie centre arch of; Hanmiersvnith-bridge , . as specified in , the articles. The bridge itself presented, .a somewhat curious spectacle, as it liad been entirely cleared of people, ^this being the first 'occasion such a step' has been taken except on the anniversary of the Oxford and Cambridge' University ilatch. The sides ' of . tlio structure, however, and the towing-path fpr some distance were literally 'packed witli sightseers, who kept up, a constant round of cheering. At this stage of tire race it was quite apparent that Laycock was rapidly tiring, and when- some 150 yards be'ow Hammtrsiuitli-bridge Hanlan must liave led by fully four lengths. As the pah? neared the bridge the enthusiastic and hearty cheering of the -people- once again seemed to put new life into the Australian, who. spurted with, totrific; vigor,, and by this meaiiB managed to shorten his opponent's lead .to two. lengths, and a lialf,.but the effort soon died aw^y again, and it was butioo;»te)it. that, the champion could do pretty well as he liked. The time to. Hammersmith-bridge .was— Kanlun, !).nim,,i9scc.' ; Laycock, 0. luin. 28 sec, .Oijf the, Doves /Banian stop'pesd rowiug altogether, looked . round, and went. on. again. This , was the nearest, approach to the jauiics ho performed on a former occasion' /'observable , throughout: the race.- He did. not. stop to mop his boat out, or to lie down iu his craft, hut simply contented : .-himself with rowing, away .as soon as Laycock .endeavored tp.; get oil- terms with him, and then, slowing down to an easy swing. The-plucHv .Australian, (hough, he naturally flagged, now. and again, kept pegging away with, surprising energy, and -never once 'failed to respond to. the, signals of his pilot in. .thc 'cuttbrl About the top pf Coriiey' .Beacli it could besecn. that the tide was exceptionally sluggish, and lipie the labors of the Australian . Hercules began to tell coiiBidera^ly uponhini. , ^Tlie banks pf the .stream at the' Point were, Slickly crowded with spectators, and the river with .small craft. ' 'piie greatest eWteiucnt . prevailed, and there, were many cheers aud encouraging shouts raised for the Antipodean sculler. At this stage of the race the result appeared such a . certainty that an offer of 100 to 2 against LaycocU was made upon one of tho steamers with out finding :an acceptor. Just off the well-known timber, pile, the scene of the Blackman and Biley collapse, . Laycock had contrived to draw up very consider ably, but it was clearly evident that it was insufficient to do him any good, as Wnnl^ii once, again dashing in his sculls placed a cheen ana ^salutes \k& Xlie oiilnoteri. ' In wasgouigeaBfly,wbye4heA«B^aia»was' aiany period tiiroiighout the 'race'. 'He was only striking abtiut 30 to the minute, but hg jwus MsingTuB »U8e »fe-jSie | ujlest see how neatly hoijftridled W6 seullA ali'd dragged them thrpugh tlie wator, and tlie omouiit of sp&d; he g6t onliK boat ' with1 ipparcnlly Uttle effort. t Off the Water-, works the wind, which 'wafe blowing nearly ' .ahea^of the men, caught Haulan'a wind .Ball and' slewed' hiin'ibut into the rirSri' However, he kept on quite undauiited; wlijteTrickett certainly Tnafle a Tirtstoke in keeping haycock 'hugging th'e £iix5re'EO lW!g. . From this point it was patent that no .further spurt was to be looked for .at. the hands of the'Sydney sculler. ' He liad been rowing a wonderfuliy game race. but. it was evident that he was no pussible' match for Hunlaii'e great .speed, and as the ' procession' ' wended ' its ? ^roy_ 1 through. Birnes the'^orontcf mah 'got more a;id more 'to the fore, eventually. lauding a winner 1-y fonr lengths, The time 16 ( Barnes-bridge' was— Hanlftn;.^ min. 13 sec. ;'Laycock', 21 min.', 24 Bec_.x and -for the full course — Hjmlau, 25 tuii). 41 sec, ; Layc6ok, 25 min. DO* sec. '.Botli men were Vociferously cheered at t]te _ei)d of the race. . ' ? ,' \ . .; People who have been beenly.- watching, the course of events in the acquatic world for, years past must have been ' very _covi siderably puzzled by the extremely curious ' turn inatters have taken from time .tp' time with regard to the race, of yesterday. At one period it seemed to be . almost universally supposed that Layeoek would make a bold- fight with his Canadian .rival,, anfl.thore were not wanting partisans. .to asBcrttbat the acknowledged 'staying', powers of the Antipodean mace likely to enable him to wear down tho Torontonian, who has been supposed to require a rosi at.some part of the journey. Since .the. adjouyment -resolvea .upon on .'22ni January, however, on which occasion, it. will be remembered, all wagers .were ' off' on acconnt of the postponement extending over a Sunday, there have been found few willing to support the Sydney sculler for any amouut of money. lu .depd, some of his most ardent supporters were tlie most clamorous in demanding ruinous oddr and they asked for prices, .which led persons to observe that they, must feel' their man possessed scarcely the ghost of a chance. Still, all the .while it was. declared that Laycock was in tlie best of health, and was rowing even butter than lie did when ho defeated Blackmail, JJosnicr and Itilcy. ThcVe can be no ques tion about the fact that the cx:Bushmau showed up in his best style yesterday. \YJicn he got to the post he seemed to bo trained to tho minute, and he . started leisurely, it is true, as is always his. wont, but with . a power and determination which seemed to indicate that lie intended stubbornly contesting the .battle . to the bitter cud. For a mile, or perhaps rather more, be made excellent time, and. that oil a tide which could )iot bo described . as of the best. He was smart at' his work, but there' was «« cuvimons disovenco be tween his execution and thai of his rival. Laycock docs not catch the . water so readily as his late antagonist, his scull blades appeared to drop into the water when almost-level with his rowlocks, aud thereby it is patent 3ie must lose much. Agaiii he seemed lo hang rather before re covering. He must be 'awarded, the highest credit for the dash and vigor with which 'he rushes his sculls through the water, aud for the rapidity with which, when he. has once started, lie settles down to work 'again. 'In short,' speaking genei'aUy, he rowed a most plucky 'and. determiaedrace yesterday, and his courage, was as niu'ch.to be admired as was. the patriotic feeling which prompted Jiim to wake air effort unflor 'discouraging circum stances tt- aveige the defeat of & comrade, ? and to irjplioM'fi-e honor' and retaown. of tho colony whuueo' lie 'hailB. So far as Hanlan is concerned »'e do not ' desire to . say much.- His pi'ftifies have been' sounded in the Sportsman' times and -oft, and -we' can add 'no more than that'our opinion is unaltered, Via;-, thkt he is die ftwstaeeom . plished' sculler tlte-jifesent age has seen. Ho bigah'rathgr'avkwiirdlyyostp.rday, fur the simple reason'tliatho broke Iiis best sculls' on 'Friday aud had to ww with' a pan- which ?scarcely suited him. When ic once fiettlBd'flovfn quietly ? to work, however1; theVe wa^ obsemiblc ' all \ that : splendid JiiliffJi'and fekill for winch lie' 3i(ls become so dbsefveuly famous,' and Vhich. enabled him to snatch air easy victory' from a determined and, up to that time, exceedingly forttniate1 antagonist: The race was a gallant one from- beginning to end, and fittingly wound -up an aquatic' season the' like of which has not been known in England for many years, and which' 'may not be' equalled for a long time to'coine. Iktewjolonial-Ewht-Oab Bace.— The Intercolonial Eight-oar Eace for 1881 took place 'on 'Saturday afternoon, with the result that for the first time the Victorians have scored a Win iipoji the Parramatt* Hirer, aad foe the third of the four occa sions upon which Use -race has taken place, New1 South AVaieshas 'been' ishojvn the way over the course, and this J time from' start to finish. The contest *wai witnessed . by about 5000 .spectators, for not only were about half a dozeu steamers heavily laden with onlookers, but the points along the cpurse were well occupied. Tlie .course, was ..from . the bathingjhouse at Jtyde- Ip^ jThe ' Brothers,', below Qladesvillc, a length of three miles '330 yards. , This is rathec short- for aii eight oar race, 'awd it might witli advantage be extended hy a third -of a jiiUe. ; Thun the termination would be at the neft- bridge over the, Pan-aninMn., .a jioiut from ',' which iHany,tlioU8ana's of people nu'ghit view tlie finish— a change which would tend - to po])iilai-ise contests ' oh the champion course much more, than is.the case at prc seuk . Tiie weather enhanced the .suuciiSs, of Satuj-day's, race, for the.da.y.,was. fine,' and a .light warm W.K.'Wi bre.ez;e blew nearly straight down the river, just ruffling tho water, and balancing tlie tide which at the time of the race was . nearly, full. It was fiood. title, at Fort 35e»ist-u at' 4.8 p.m., and, allowing lialf-ati-hotir for the swcU to extend up ihe river, it was nearly flood at half past 4, when the start was made. Sir. T. F. Strange was starter, and Mr. B. A. Clarke judge, tlin start bcitag made from ' two watermen's boats moored amidstrteim, Jfoth crews dincarded the swivel rowlocks, and rowod on the old fashioned poppets. 