NEWS AND NOTES. A number of European telegrams will be found elsewhere. The particulars of a fearful railway accident appear elsewhere. A full account of the catastrophe is given. Withkegard to‘a recent gold-stealing case at the Queen Company's mine in Ballarat East, it;• is said that*, a meetiog- of directors of the company .affected will be held to consider whether' the'’ offender shall be prosecuted or not It may be'added that- the man Went to the -manager yesterday, and expressed his penitence fpr the'offence. ' , ■ An assault occhrred at the Phoenix Foundry last Saturday morning, and this morning the parties appeared before the. City Court. - It appears that Mr Shaw, the manager, requested -Edward Hosaaok, who was talking with another man, to go on - with hie work, when Hossack immediately -struck the manager on the, eye, inflicting a sovero bruise. Defendant admitted the offence,.but elated that provocation was given by therlenguage used by plaintiff. ' The bench commented on the bad effect the assault was likely to have upon the youths working in the Fbcenix Foundry, and inflicted a deterrent fine of £lO, with 21s'costs; or, in default, three months’ imprisonment.’.- A week - was allowed to pay the fine in. A little boy named Charlie Cookson met with a nasty accident near Warrenheip yester day. He and another boy were playing with an axe, when it accidentally cams down on hie hand, cutting it open. He was taken .to the Hospital, where he received the necessary treatment, and was taken away. A somewhat similar accident happened to a little girl named Lucy Bray us. She and a companion were playing with a reaping hook, when she managed to cut her leg rather' badly with it. -She was. also, taken to the Hospital, where she was treated, and speedily relieved from danger and pain; ;-r Something in the nature of a aalvaiion 1 army’ appeared in our streets last night A number el helper* ot the fter, John U'NeU formed .themselveeintoa procession lastevomn'g.snd proceeded down Bridge Street, singing sacred melodies,: until they hadarrieved.'at the ilnter- x section of Sturt; and Grenville streets. [Upon arrival there Mr M'Neil uttered a fowbrief remarks upon the efficacy of the GospelepancT invited all to join in the service held at St. "°hp’e Presbyterian Church, Peel street. Several members of the Contralßoardof; Health proceeded to Dahdenong yeiterdayf snd inoculated two'calvesi "They return oh 1 Wednesday to seek for lymph. The erection of a Sugg lamp is being pro- ceeded with at the intersection of Sturt and Grenville streets. The lamp, which is 200- power, will brilliantly illuminate all the lower part of Sturt street and the upper end of Bridge, street, and will doubtless prove a great convenience to the public. • According the' directors’ report submitted ; to. the half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the Parker's United Company, held at Craig's hotel yesterday; it appears that the. legal ex penses necessary to defend the action 'brought against them by Houston and the. Parker’s' Freehold Company amounted to £219 13s. This sum, it was stated, bad been paid, inde pendent of the bosts awarded by the court; in addition to which, the directors anticipate' a ' further : expenditure of from £lOO : to £l5O. The question which naturally arises ie, ; would not arbitration.be feasible in such cases as the above V- It would certainly be a less expensive as .well; as a far.; more 'conciliatory, course to adopt- - • ' - ; Hr Richard Craze, -Aitbank Farm, Burmin beet road, has' recently Buffered very heavy losses. through the’ destruction committed among his sheep by prowling dogs. His flock's have been attacked four times within the last month, and the dogs have been traced in the direction of Ballarat as. far as the paddocks adjoining the Industrial School. Ur Craze 7 baa laid poison, and several dogs have already paid a penalty for trespassing on his grounds; but still there are others left to come down like the wolf on the' fold, and be is unable to preserve bin sheep; 'He estimates his recent, losses at £3O. , , , ; Mr-.P. /oily; formerly mining manager of the .Victoria and Claries Console Companies,, Clones, and recently manager of Smith’s Free; .hold Company, Redan, Ballarat, has, -we learn, : been appointed manager of a copper mine in New South Wales. Hr Jolly will; he leaving in the course of a few days. The appointment •is a lucrative one, and Ur Jolly’s many: friends will be glad to hear of bia advancement. In the meantime Mr.Jolly's family will remain in Ballarat. . ; ; . ■ In another column will be seen a list'of sub scribers to the Turner testimonial, -- We under stand that the list closes this' week., Sub scribers are.desired.tohand in. their -subscrip, lions to Mr Beeves, Sturt street. - The amount colleoted-by the'Board of'Advice has-been put into! the earns fund. .The' committee 'wish.to. .conclude.the matter as soon as possible. . - \- The-'usual'meeting of. the Barkly etreet Mutual Improvement- Association waa held .last evening in the vestry. Vice-president R. M.' MlGregor presided, and there was a full', .attendance, of members present. - The, sixth issue, of .the quarterly-magazine was read by the editor. A number of original articles,-- poems,, conundrums,, Ac., .contributedi by the members of the association • under . fictitious names, were presented to the meeting fordls oussiori and criticism*. ' The following were the articles comprising the number;— * ( Self denial,Energy,” 11 Humor and the fallen, one;” “ Moments;” “A trip ■ to the Blue Mountains (NS.W.),” “Oar,social tea,” “Fact arid fiction,” Ac. - The.interest and attention manifested by the audience ahowed apprecia tion 'Of- the efforts of. the contributors and the. ‘editor, to whom a.vote of 'thanks was given; at the close. The secretory, duly replied. ; It was announced: that at next meeting an essay would be : given by a lady on ” Novel reading.” ... \- -The Cabinet bas not-yet'(writes : the Aryiis) 1 dealt with the Tariff Commission. The Minister of Customs recommends tbat .'a commission of seven members should be- appointed, and he has invited and--obtained' the assent of the following gentlemen to Fincham, Mirams, Tucker, and Bosisto,'M’s.L A.; Mr Andrew, late MXIA; for'West Melbourne; Mr Qrimwade, of the firm of Messrs Felton, Grim wade, and Cos., vice-president of the Chamber . of Commerce; and Mr J. Cbstfield Tyler, ex collector of customs. \- Dr Whitcombs,• who is one; of our most ardent pisciculturists, has (writes the Ballarat correspondent of the Argus ) just been making some very successful experiments with the brown trout in the batching ponds at the Botanical Gardens. The fish kept there are small, from the confinement to which they are necessarily subjected, but email os they are they appear to be capable of reproduction. To lest the question Dr .Whitcombs recently sub jected some of the females—not more than 9 inches or 10 inches in.length—to the Russian; or dry process of stripping, and after impreg. Dating the ova he placed them in thebatching -boxes; where they are now promising' 'an' abundarit return. Ha only procured about 600 ova, but he expects about 90 per cent, of fish from them. ' z.u' As our readers are aware (remarks the Tele graph), there are at present five diamond drills at work in the colony. Five more - are com*' pletod, or are rapidly approaching completion. It need scarcely be said that thia number is' totally inadequate'to develop the mineral re sources of the colony at large, and it is a fact that at the present time there are some thirty eix applications in from companies willing and anxious to pay for the use of the drills. It is,, we understand, the intention of the Govern-' meat to cause others to be constructed. It may be mentioned that the cost of a drill is about £llOO, and that it requires from six. to' nine men to work it. Apart from any inten tions of the'Government, we leam that private' enterprise will very likely step in, and a' wealthy company be formed for the purpose of supplying these drills. The patent, laws will, to some extent, interfere .with the latter project,' for private parties must pay a large royalty upon their manufacture, which the Government, of course, has not to do, and hence there is a question of morality arising, for if the Government went wholesale into the manufacture,'the inventors and patentees must suffer. However, the usefulness of these admirable inventiona is so marked that some determination must be come to before long. .: The difference between water and land carriage has (observes the Dunolly Express) often been commented upon. We were last week made the victims of a fresh illustration: of the expensive nature of the latter. Our agent in London sent us a block for an advertisement, the freight and charges for which from London ' to Melbourne came to 2s. To gat it from- Mel- - bourne'to Duriolly we were put to the expense of 'ss. The; weight of the packet was 'SJoz,', and might have been sent through the post for 6d. Traders up-country ate' very much handi capped by the system that at present obtains in the carriage of goods, especially when these are small in bulk, there ; being generally an . imposition of 20 or 25 per cent, extra charge for Melbourne agency expenses. The local carters are content with 6d for the delivery of a parcel—the Melbourne carrier for hie trouble' must need charge la 6d or Is 9d. The quantity of iron transhipped by the lighters trading between Geelong and Mel bourne ; from large vessels at Melbourne" Ts" (observes the Outong Tima) something enor mous, and baa to ba seen to be realised. For weeks past several, lighters have been unload ing, this metal, all of which is consigned to the Phoenix Foundry,'Ballarat, showing conclu sively.-that trade'is not retrograding in this colony at any rate.| . ■ A new and improved method for the con veyance of valuable sheep is (says the Outong Tunes) at the present time owned. by John Wilson,.rof Gala, Lismore. The. contrivance consists of a number of pens made of light material, fixed to the frame of a large waggon drawn two horses. The. pens are most compact, and are fitted np with eating and drinking utensils,; besides having a covering overhead. The sheep are very comfortable in thia invention, and are not subjected to the rough treatment they invariably receive. ', An instance of a rather inopportune “ nap” is reported by the P, O. Newt as having 00-, curred on the line between Ballarat and Stawell by a bridegroom expectant. He hailed from one:of the towns between here and Horsham, where ha had made the acquaintance of his promised bride, who was on a few weeks’ visit to a friend when he mads her acquaint ance. The lady had preceded her intended spouse to her parents’ residence, where the ceremony was to be celebrated. The happy man, who had business to transact in Ballarat on the day prior to his wedding day, put up at one of the hotels near the station, and left etnet orders to be awakened in time to catch the first train for Stawell in the morning, aod, the expected happiness of the marrow proving rather too much for him to bear alone, he invited a friend to share his joy. Glass suc ceeded glees, and ere the friends separated the small baud of the clock pointed to j and the large band to 12, and both the intended bene dict and bia companion were able to count at, leaat.twice as'-many lights as there wore in thA the, jno_rDjog ; thB roused, as he fancied, just as he was about dropping off to sleep, but there was no help for it, u toe train would vary soon be starting. vHastily aoda ?and for the station. jHavingjpit)cuwd hisUicket be composed him* foruaaleep,' aoon oblivious of the Anoise c^Tthe^tfaihi'rattling over the hills and u D S 8 Aod-nf the shrill soresm of j whistle as stations were approached and stentorian voices bf the guards as they I annouDced'the na_me.pf.oach | -of-these stoppiog pfewr might have 'been seen father anxious female face watching the dif* 'ferent passengers as they alighted, and as the 'traiirmbvbfroff itwMearily^» ,; lje'*BeeC 1 that' she waa diiappointed in her search, When at last the train stopped at Ararat, and tickets J r were'demanded,'there at ~teast onsipas* ! seoger who was.more than a little incensed at /brought farther than his ticket, allowed,~h!m *Co .travel. There was ho help' for it, however, ‘he. was compelled to the extra distance he' had 4 travelled, and to i .wait for the afternoon’train 'to' convey hfnP th ,bw proper Meanwhilo-fhe wedding l^guesta-were entertained,, informed that the ‘bridegroom ..had'not Arrived,' and quietly’’dia ' P o rsed; When’ tbe unfortunate bridegroom arrived He found that bis marriage! would 1 have to-be poafcpbned—for a time at least. The •lady would. accept .no -apology i and is still obdurate, though there arb hopes - j that the services ot the .minister maylyet b’e‘ called into requisition. ! On Sunday (writes the Geelong Advertiser).a practical ,°f_, the' nearly., had a eeripus^xesult. -:;Fbr' 'some- nights a figure 'clothed in wlufie 1 lias 1 atartled > unwary pedestrians in a [certain j quarter of the town, and the more timid have not ventured a second-time In the locality? The white clad figure,-' which * was*eithersthat of a young athletic man or a fall woman,-again • attempted to frighten passers-by, and’a man,' ! who bad evidently determined to find who the I practical joker was, made a sudden dart at the I figure, missed it, tripped bn . a stone: and fell 1 headlong into a deep cutting.'-'The'would-be | ‘-‘ghost” escaped, but not without a fright. The Australian Freehold Banking Corpora* txonj Limited, is meeting with' success In placing the balance (7000 shares) of Its second , issue. There were about 400 abates unapplied for yesterday, and these will be, it la expected* placed early today. • The - bank’s 'subscribed I capital . will now reach.;. £lOO,OlO. jit has . hitherto paid 10 per 4 cent dividends.*? Applica tions for shares have to be-made to! Mr W. Little, broker for the bank in this district. b A meeting of the Australian Natives* Asso ciation will bb held this evening, rjy-r., } A recital of. sacred music will take iplace at St. Paul’s Church bn the 19th September. •. A meeting of those interested in k tbe J Arch-' deacon Potter memorial fund 'will take'place at half-past d.p’clock to day.' .< T ? ! . ‘ Mr Jas.Nicol offers £5 re wa'rd for. conviction | of a thief who committed depredations athis . garden, Lydiard street,- bn Monday .night. j' 1 THe Mastodon Minstrels had“a full bouse at the Academy of Music last night, whed an ex* j cedent programme of musie*Bnd : fua was^gone through. Theiperformance* qfi‘.‘Pih*a*4” was I a great,Buccess,.-aod caused heartiy, merriment.: ; The, company; reappear tonight,-and should meet ’with .hearty recognition, r ~i r I One of the heading footbaUers,'Mi SWilUam; .Tooted, having recently 'met with j a very severe accident, which necessitated his admission to.the Hospital, itchas beeu’decided by the Ballarat Imperial and City.Cluba (as per advertisement) to'play their match' bn r hU behalf j These . clubs -'having’ defeated one .anotherthis r season, the contest pending yviU; : prove ..-the most exciting of .this; year, the teams being well matched. j 