AIET ROPOLITAN GOSSIP. By H. J. H. AI. .. The scandal— loving portion of onr com-' munity have recently had two very in teresting, cases to gloat over— a breach of proniise of marriage, and a disputed will involving a large sum of money. Aly lady friends" persist on appealing to me for my opinion, but as I happen to hold the views not altogether in accordance with the majority, I invariably declare that as I ani not seized of all particulars concerning one case, and the other being sub jiulice, judg ment so far as I am concerned must be" re served. The Lamont will case is far too good a thing for the lawyers to let slip through their fingers in a hurry, and as, the testator appears .to have left his money to strangers, because he had -so little loVe for his relations, one can hardly blame the gentlemen of the long robe for thinking that one stranger is as good as another. With regard to the breach of promise- one may hazard an opinion, since the jnry have given theirs and have backed it up with the respectable sum of £200. I re fer to the case of Brooks v Smith, where a lady had to sue "in her maiden name after being twice married. As particulars of thi3 celebrated case have in all proba bility appeared in this journal, I shall! not repeat them here. What makes this ease such a general subject of convarsatknci i?. the fact that, one can never be quite sure whether one is married or single. Mr Coutt3, no doubt, firmly believed himself to be a benedict, till Airs Coutts dis covered that he was a bachelor possessed of £600 of her money, and proceeded to quarrel with him for it. I can't say that I have much respect for a lady who accord ing to her own showing, divided her affec tions so evenly between her husband de facto, if not de jure, and her lodger, and was so willing to link her lot with either provided he would only submit to the necessary legal ceremony. Public sympathy is undoubtedly with Airs or Miss Brooks, and since she has that and £200 sterling, perhaps the lady' will rest con tented as a femme sole. Really something oiurht to be done to assimilate tlie mar- riage law throughout Her Alost Gracious Alajesty's dominions. It does seem strange that tlie subjects of one of the most virtuous of monarchs should be trapped into a breach of the moral code, or be liable to be robbed of hard earned savings and turned adrift to starve or to go to a Benevolent asylum in old age. A friend from Geelong has been giving me a glowing account of the increased commercial prosperity of the Pivot. I fancied Geelong must be looking up when I heard that a double line of rails was re quired from the railway station to the wharf. Air John Woods was not so far wrong after all when he declared that the Golac line would pay when carried on to the border of South Australia. During the last season in addition to 45,333 bales of wool no less than 810,478 bushels of wheat were shipped from the port of vaooi«jij0, tiuu iiu icoo iiiitwi fj x \ . cleared out representing a total tonnage of 3S,082 tons. Being a resident of Mel bourne I, of course, think there is no place, like Alelbourne, but for all that I am not so blind by prejudice as not to see tliat i the interest of the colony demands that the metropolis shall not be allowed to monopolise all the trade. I differ from those who think that a city, or township should be subsidized with public money, that it may continue to exist, simply because it does exist ; but 'I do think that trade should be allowed to flow in its legitimate channels and not be diverted to the capital. To my mind the farmer has an un doubted right to demand that he shall have a good road on which to send his produce to the nearest port, be it' where it may, and as the iron road is the cheapest, the quickest, and the best, that is the road he should have when he asks for it. A yield of 9,363,956 bushels of wheat, the produce of the colony this season, is the outcome of a vast amount of privation, patient endurance, energy, and enterprise, and these virtues, much to the benefit of the State, and very little to their own, are certainly entitled to at least as much /innmtlnvniiAii »»c ii'oll.nnirl nrhvuna /Iaiyi. zens of our big cities. A week ago we had almost made up our minds that the country was to have peace. Political lions, > wolves and jackals had agreed to compromise, so we were told. According to recent reports the rapacious of these animals are not contented with the good feeds they have had, but are determined to have more. To speak plainly the extreme Radicals in the Lower House are so desperately afraid that when a reform bill is passed their occupation will be gone, that they are likely to induce our vacillating Premier to turn his back on the olive branch now being held out by the Council, and instead of the Council being reformed, there will be another deadlock. Far be it from me to have the honor of being a prophet, when I can see only mischief looming in the distance. The Appropriation Bill is not passed ; the civil servants are unpaid ; and their butchers and bakers are clamorous and anxious. Nearly everybody expects to see the Land Tax Bill kicked out by the Council, or amended in such a way as practically to mean the same thing. I believe Air Berry intends to take his stand on the all-round ten pound franchise, and, if the Council agree to that he will be hoisted with his own petard ; if not, " to your tents, urn asraei. Do you, my good sir, ever read the lady's column in any of those iournals which are so considerate as to devote a column to matters pertaining to the fair sex? If you do not you should do so. Yon will be both enlightened and entertained. Take this for instancy — " The' fate of parasols is almost decided ; they are to be large in size and to match the costume in colour." . Who, I wonder, decides the fate of parasols ? Old Sol, one would suppose, since lie settles the question whether one is to have a sunstroke or require a ulster. Only to think that the wife of your bosom (that wife of whom you are so proud) might have had the tip of her nose scorched till it resemVled a drinker's, if the decree of fate had been for small-sized parasols. Alarie Gouband evidently knows next to nothing of human nature. With her a women is only a lay figure, on which to hang so many yards of costly material, cut and trimmed till it becomes an abomi nation of ugliness, inconvenience, and expensiveness ; and only useful for pro moting celebacy, through making (in the minds of a bachelor of limited means) a charming woman into a scarecrow. Of Frenchwomen Alarie may know some thing, but .one thing is certain she has never seen an Irishwoman. I mean an Irish lady not Biddy the cook or Alary the housemaid ; 'and then both of these could soon enlighten her. Here is a specimen of innocence — " One of the latest eccen tricities of fashion is the adoption by ladies of an officers gorget. We do not attempt to explain this somewhat extraor dinary taste for military distinction, but it is plainly discernible amosg our ele gantes." What ? Can't account for a woman's taste for military distinction ? Fie, Alarie ! You are a hypocrite. One more little bit of unsophisticated inno cence, and I have done witli Alarie. " It would be better, we think/ if we must adopt this article of attire, at least to change its name so as to avoid unnecssary confusion, and give.it a more lady-like nomenclature. " This suggestion i3 past a goak. Why, . the thing is pretty in the eyes of beauties, only because- it is " manlike," and would riot . be tolerated for an hour, under any other, name. In the miscellaneous column of the " Australasian" of this week the disap pearance of ghosts from Scottish moors is . satisfactorily accounted for by an old Scotchman. He says " it requires Scotch whisky on the top of old ale to- enable a man to see a ghost really worth talking about." Although we have not -got any moors in this colony we have some lonely paddocks which ought to answer the same purpose. A friend of mine a few nights ago plied me with enough- whisky to enable a man to- see fifty ghosts, -and that, : too, on the top of some good ale. I rode Over some paddocks studded with ringed and leafless gum-trees, which looked «bostlv and weird-like enonwh in tho moonlight. But I riever 3aw the ghost of a ghost. . Ah, I can tell you the reason. The whisky was good, not raw spirit, but genuine 'c Castle Blend." You can bet your bottom/ dollar .that neither a ghost nor a headache could be made out of a gallon of whisky. , Writing of Castle Blend puts, me in mmd that this was the only Scotch whisky which obtained the highest . award at the ; Melbourne Inter national Exhibition. Such good liquor I deserves a- word! even from a "gossiping I cyjispdnclent.; ... . 