A.11KMCAS*: EUBOPEAST BBMTITrtS. (From tie Detroit EcJm.J The King of Italy is going to visit EkutUnd. George Eftftt got $120,000 Cor Daniel Deronda. The Princess of Wales has just passed her 36th birthday. Nature denied George Hiott boi one gift— persons! bescty. Be Posey, SO yeaxs old, gives & coarse of Iceboxes a£ Oxford iicxl tnontii. Sims Beeves wiD retire from the stage in 1SS2, wfani he will be GO yew old. Seventy patenta were imaed to vorneii last year, Tbe secretary of the Tale freshmen society is aCbmsman. A matter wife 29 cfaOdrea weatw-esttfae other day on x railroad train. Tbe MHvankee bre«Tjies produced $6,432,000 wort* of beer in 1880. Gross revenue of fifeat Bcttam Isst yearover $400,000,000. Tattooing is to be reVY-red in the British army as a check against desertion, Ayooh Khan has kaied his father-in-law. * ||* Agns, for conspiring against him. Queen rcal-gn^ invests largely in Panama **ni^ shsres. James Gordon Bennett's income exceeds StOMWOa-yw. Garibaldi's body below the wist is pact lined and insensible to touch. Si. Gotthard tannel is to be lighted Witt electric It—p' Flogging m the British army was abolished A 12-ton ben is to be put in St. PanTe Cathedral in London. Qoeen Victoria and her dai-ghfar ionise nave liuijuu the batefaet. One mannnutarer of playing eards in tins countzy sends ont 40,000,000 packs yearly. One dayis suhwTiphions to tile Panama anal stack in Sew York amounted to «3,000,000. The taulway eaaapanies of Great Ritain and Ireland give employment to 900,000 penons. Dr. WaEam Chambers, who darted Cham ben4 Journal 49 years ago, still ^tmAm^i that magazine. afisc Stinker, of Fort Austin, married a few day* ago. She didn't change tint name a i.i'.'ij» too soon. Princes! Louise has just published a galop composed by beraelt On tbe title page her name ?pp***'— ° as ** Louise Campbell. Ealmage baa a. quarrel on 'hand wibli his Sunday school superintendent Major Oorknn. The latter threatens to ' show him op.' Under the new parliamentary act aD prisonees for debt in Srotfand have been released. There are 800,000 Scandinavians in tbe United States, who palxonise about a dozen newspapers intzteirowu language. People engaged in «niwil»i- umfaite should not marry. The evils resulting are similar to tiuse of blood onions. Honours fall thick and fast on King Alfonso. The Queen is again in an interesting QSodxtion The people of Orenburg, Russia, are starring to death by hundreds on account of successive bad cattle years. Edison is disgm-tM becanse otber fellows Steal his ideaB and get all tbe credit, and tells a reporter tiist be intends to get out of tie electric light business. A family never becomes extinct in Japan. If there are no male dewymianta, a young son of another family is adopted, and takes the At Utrecht, Sooth Africa, the Boens shot aD persons who refnsed to join them. Potchef - ebnom has been *T'*l'»d. and Hsjor Clarke's 25 men captured. It baa jnst been discorded chat tiie figure on file crucifix in Barges Cathedral is a human body in a perfect state of preservation. Ithas been there for 600 yean. Getting op in the morning is Eke getting up in tbe world. Yon cannot do either without more or less of self -denial.— Bottom Trauaipt. The Boeun Globe, on Sew Tear's Day. issued a paper dated 19SU in which an attempt -cas made to represent the condition of tit vodd 100 years hence. A Dimondale woman lost a pin inner ear, and is having agony by shnlflilr Moral: Never put anything r*11* than yoor elbow ioyonrear. A Batten's Bay ghost, which frightened a party of young men the otter night till one swooned away and the othenfied nanic€triiek , from that' neck of timber,' vhieh proved to be a deer with its back covered with snow. A note from her father's counsel offering to condnct her divot ce nit fnce of charge, was among the presents received by a Philadelphian bride. Sarah Bemhardt persuades Secretary Sher man to refund the $3000 duties on her dresses, on tie plea that they are her 'tools of bade, S^mghst year, the United States raised ?173,000,000 bushels of wheat, 1,500,000,000 bushels of com, 413,000.000 bushels of oats, 24,000.000 bosbeU of rye. 40,000.000 bushels of barter, and 6.000,000 bales of cotton. England's Christmas was as warm as sammer, with thrashes «'npwg and violets blooming in the gardens ; no sign of frost or snow this winter except in tike illustrations of the ** Christmas numbers.' Emperor William on his 70th birthday. told his physician he would make him a count if he brought him to his 80th. Be kept his pro mise, and now promises to make him a prince if he bongs him to his 90th birthday. Greedy grocer (to farmer's wife, who is supplying him wish batter) : — ' This pan' o' batter is ower licfat gndewxfe.' Gade wife : ** Blame yensel' then ; I weighed it wf the pnn o' sugar I gat frae ye yestreen.' An elderly woman named TiBer, at Fonda Lac, Wis., being a sufferer from pneumonia, a warm flat iron was ordered to be not to her chest Her drunken husband heated the flat iron red hot. so (feat it burned through her chest, and she expired in great agony. On Sunday, as nnregawcate son at Belial, Detroit, entered the vestry of Grace Church dming the hearing of morning prayers, and stole Rev. Dr. Stocking's overcoat and sermon. The doctor had to select his text, and give his audience a go-as-you-please discourse. Tbe thief should return the coat and study the General G*r£eln forgot to buckle tite lines to the bns m *'*-**'»£ a pair of eohs to his wagon, after service at the Hentor Church last Sunday, and narrowly escaped a runaway. An old farmer gravely remarked : ' General, you. win have to do better than that when yon take the reins of government, or the political males will get away -with yon.' Some philanthropist sent a bible to a Mil waukee editor, in hopes of doing him some good, and bae editor bhonght it was a new ntUication and wrote a review of it, in which he said the production was a (snore. If it was intended for ? novel it lacked plot, and if for a history it was full of improbable inci dents. Be couldn't recommend it. — Botton Transcript.. There will he about sixteen million barrels cousin, Minnesota. Dakota, and other northern territories this winter. This is equal to 1.553,000 torn of freight, the carrying capacity of 155,300 freight eys. ^^ Since the bepnning of the 16th century more than 800.000 acres hare been won from the water in Holland, and reclamation SOI goes on at tbe rate of about eight acres a dav. Interesting results of a ' falling oat ' be tween tbe contractors in tbe Star route nail contract bosraess at Waahinetos. One of the 6nn swears that he has nude a practice of bribing 'everybody in Washington,' messeu gexa, newspaper men, congreftsusen, governora of states and territories, ett. to toe extent of over SM.O00 a year! A iwwttwwi p—wTwariy »Ti4«wgp teQs that a few days ago. at the Cleveland mine, Albert RiodaH fell 1000 feet, street on his hod, and was not killed or even bnrt dangerously. Still Bindall was a man and not a wooden During the past four months there have been 998 iadictaUe offences lepnrted in Con naught (Ireland), and 577 persons against wbom offences were committed, bat who ttireugh terror nfirni d to give evidence or aid tie police. In Maya there were during tie sameperiod 888 leaser and 236 indictable Mm Thomas Kcstacky vss brutally mur dered in Clarendon county, near Salem. S.C, Die other day, by Vance and Julia Brandt and Joe Barnes (all coloured), who struct her down with hoes sod nearly severed the head from her body. The ndgnboore, both black and white, united in hanging tbe murderers to the nearest toee. An An Sable officer arrived at Bay City a few days ago, en route to India with a prisooer, woo expressed a desue to have one night by himself before going behind cbe prawn bars. Tbe officer, with a most wonder ful faith in human nature, let the prisoner go, and tbe latter, %-ith a wonderful regard lor his word, bad a jolly spree, turned up on time next day, and, went to prison like a little When a young liiiiiimin man of this city. his usnal dinner hour, his young wife surprised him by cTHamiine, 'Well, yoa got out, did you?' 'Got ottr replied the husband, 'outofwhatr ' Why. oot of ttie station ; weren't yon in the central station T was tbe wife's response. ' What kind of a stiff are yoa giving- me, anyway ?' demanded the hns haud. Imagine his indignation when his innocent wife of s few months drew from her ' hosora the following note, and handed it to him:— 'Central Station, Dec. 29, 1880.— | Dear Tilly : I am in bauble from trying to j prevent the arrest of * friend. Send roe $10 per bearer. Your Own Bob.' The $10 and the young man who got it has not sinre been beard from. The Customs retains for the week just ended were :— Collections £1999 14*. II-L; for tte moaft £5803 17s. 3d.; for the corres ponding month of Ust year £«098 16s. Sd. neresse £1705 Oa, lOd. The eoBeetions in February 1877 Mnonnted to £5605 6s. Sd, which was the largest amount that bad been neerved for some tone previous to that period and since. It is therefore — 'Hfm^iiri' to notice that this non has been topped dsDag! ttepa»tmontt.by£1961S«.7d. 'j 