CHAPTER XX. THE driver, who had been an attentive observer of the little episode just related, showed considerable indications of perplexity in his face ; however, he said nothing, but drove on, and in about half-an-hour pulled up at a decent looking roadside public-house, which was dignified by the name of the Travellers' Best Hotel. The coach changed horses here, and re- mained about a quarter of an hour for refreshments. The fire-eating captain was himself again. He had eaten and he had drunken ; and once more the old Adam was in the ascendant. The potent whisky of the Travellers' Best, dispensed by a pretty barmaid, had roused his warlike spirit to the sticking or the shooting point. Perhaps he had received some private information from the barmaid, who was evidently struck with his perfections. She may have assured him that bush- rangers were unknown about the district, and that the only danger he was likely to experience was from the arrows of the wicked little blind god, Cupid. At all events, Captain Blometite was roar- ing like one of the lions he was so fond of killing when he sojourned in Africa. "Who cares for your paltry cow-catching bushrangers ? Let them show themselves now while there is sufficient daylight to draw a bead upon their cowardly carcasses. What a miserable lot of road- scraping, lee-scupper-browsing, deck-swab- bing sons of—" "Bail up !" said a deep voice on the larboard side of the gallant captain. "Hold up your hands !" said another voice to his right. The captain looked from one to the other. On either side of him was a strange figure covered with a horse cloth, and having on its head a sort of helmet made out of an old nail can. All the passengers had taken their places with the exception of the ladies, and Tom Parchment and the little man in green spectacles. The valorous captain ceased his roaring instantly. He no longer thirsted for the blood of bushrangers. He rather longed for a quiet hole where he could hide himself. The revolver which be had been flourishing fell from his hand and he looked as like a washed-out dish-clout as it is possible for a human being to look. The bushranger on his right beckoned him down from the top of the coach, as Hamlet's father's ghost beckoned Hamlet's father's son from the ramparts of Elsinore ; and the captain followed him, while the glittering eye of the knight of the nail can apparently had the same effect upon his victim that the eye of the ancient mariner had upon the wedding guest. In the rear of the establishment was a room that served as a sort of dead-house, where drunken bushmen were bestowed to sleep off the effects of their debauch on bad liquor— when all their money was spent. Into this delectable abode Captain Blome- tite was thrust, and the key turned upon him. Upon the return of the first bushranger, he took off his helmet and revealed the ferocious countenance of— the man in green spectacles. His mate was no other than Tom Parchment ; and they were proceeding to explain that, as Captain Blometite's room was better than his company, they had adopted this mild stratagem to get rid of him— when two ominous-looking figures were observed skulking mysteriously round the corner of the verandah. On their heads was the orthodox nail can, without which Australian bushrangers never think of venturing into the light of day. One of them carried a huge weapon, which looked like a fowling piece of Goliath of Gath— if such had been used in the days of that uncircumcised Philistine, but which was, in reality, an abominable piece of ordnance which the Philistines of sport calls a duck gun. This frightful death- dealing contrivance (which bears about the same relation to an ordinary gun, that Gargantua's mare's tail bears to the caudal appendage of an ordinary horse) takes for its usual charge about five ounces of powder, and two pounds of shot. Now, as a modern breech-loader, such as sportsmen use, requires a charge of about three drams of powder and an ounce of shot, it will be seen that we are not exag- gerating in our comparison, although we are assured by that careful historian, Rabelais, that the aforesaid mare (which "was as big as six elephants"), had a tail little more or less than every whit as great as the steeple of Saint Mark." It is not to be wondered at, then, that when Tom Parchment saw this diabolical contrivance, with a bore three inches in diameter, and a barrel ten feet long, pointing at him, and within three feet of his breast, he should feel inclined to obey the commands of the bearer of this persuasive instrument, when, in a sepulchral tone, rendered more hideous by the vibration of the tin pot on his head, he commanded him to— "Bail up !" It is not to be supposed that Tom Parch- ment had any particular desire to have two pounds of buck shot lodged in his visceral region ; and yet he could not altogether reconcile himself to bailing up without a struggle. He looked at his antagonist, and saw his eyes gleaming through a slit in the nail can with that pecu- liar glare that always indicates the ruthless and sanguinary marauders of the Australian bush. He glanced at his com- panion in distress— the man in the green spectacles. Seeing him looking steadfastly at the corner of the house, his eyes naturally followed the same direction, and there he ob- served the barrel of another gun, with another bushranger behind it, who had as- sumed the usual and customary attitude which an Irish Land Leaguer assumes, quite naturally, when his landlord comes for his rent. But Tom Parchment was at a different angle from his friend, and, in fact, he could see a little bit round the corner. It struck him that the second gun had a very ancient look ; and, glancing along the barrel, his quick eye detected that it had no cap on, and that it was, in fact, deficient of a nipple. This discovery made him think that pos- sibly the gun pointed at him had the same peculiarity ; but he found, on looking at it, that it was capped in proper order, and that it was, moreover, at full cock. The bushrangers began now to be im- patient, and, with the most frightful impre- cations and curses, commanded Tom to turn out his pockets and hand over all his valuables. A third bushranger now made his appear- ance, but he had no gun, and his duty was to do the stealing part of the business, while the armed bushrangers held the victims covered with then; weapons. Tom, expostulating with the man in front of him, asked him to be good enough to turn aside the muzzle of his gun. "My friend," he said, "I am sure you do not want to commit an unnecessary murder. All you want is the money, which, of course, you shall have. If your fingers were to slip it would blow a hole through me as big as a barn door. Looking at it from the point of view of the welfare of your honourable pro- fession, unnecessary bloodshed is always a mistake." Bushrangers are not, as a rule, very much given to conversation, although, in romances, they occasionally indulge in speeches as long as those with which the heroes of Homer's Iliad are credited ; but it is always best to stick to simple, plain facts, and what the bushranger replied to Tom was simply : "Stow your gaff, and shell out." But Tom Parchment had gained his end, for the huge gun was of such a monstrous weight that the villain holding it was obliged to drop the muzzle for a moment while he took a rest. This was Tom Parchment's opportunity ; and, making a jump from the box-seat, he landed with both feet fair upon the shoulders of his enemy. The shock sent the bushranger sprawling, and the duck gun went off with such a terrific roar that the horses took fright, and turning suddenly round snapped one of the swingle- trees ; and overturning the coach, sent those of the passengers who had already taken their seats rolling into the middle of the road. (To be continued.) \------------------------------- CARLYLE AND HIS DYSPEPSIA.— In his "Reminiscences," Carlyle tells how he once rode sixty miles to Edinburgh, "to consult a doctor, having at last reduced my com- plexities to a single question. Is this disease curable by medicine ? or is it chronic, in- curable except by regimen, if even so ? This question I earnestly put ; got response : 'It is all tobacco, sir ; give up tobacco.' Gave it instantly and entirely up. Found, after long months, that I might as well have ridden sixty miles in the opposite direction, and poured my sorrows into the long, hairy ear of the first jackass I came upon, as into this select medical man's whose name I will not mention." 