The Age' on Sir Kenrv Parkes. Meleouene, Saturday. The Age publishes a violent attack on Sir Henry Parkes. It says Sir Henry Parkes made the most of his opportunities at-Albury. But then he always does improve the shining hour; it has been his leading principle throughout life. It was by making tlie most of his opportunities that he elevated himself from the nosition of a dealer in toys to that of the Premier of New South Wales, a Knight Corsmanderof St. Michael and St. George. His political enemies have sometimes said that in the way he makes use of his opportunities, Sir Henry is just a little unscrupulous. This calumny was asserted of the honourable grentleman at the time when he con ducted the Emplke newspaper ; upon the occasions when he figured in the Sydney Insolvency Court; ?when he hanged the wretched maniac Farrel ; when he traded upon the religious animosities which periodically disgrace New South Wales ; wizen he enacted a Treason Felony Bill, which made it a penal offence not to drink the Queen's health with three times three ; when he believed, or professed to believe, in the Kiama ghost ; when he pardoned tho bushranger (jarainer in aenance or an respectable public opinion; and when hs destroyed the old records of the colony, in order that society in New South Wales might never be made to blush for its ancestors. Sut that the persons who charge Sir Henry Parkes with being unscrupulous are his political enemies, and everybody knows that the criticism of one's enemies is apt to be a little unjust.' The article then proceeds to acknowledge the energy and ability of Sir Henry Parkes, but accuses him of pandering to tlia selfifii interests of the people of Kiverina, in order to in duce them to trade with Sydney, and adds ' Nothing can excuse the bad form of which Sir Henry Parkes was guilty ac Albury. When he lec tured Mr. Berry and Mr. Patterson upon the fiscal policy of Victoria, they were his guests, and he was bound to treat them with at leastcivility. No thinsfwas said by either of the 'Victorian Ministers which could excuse the very flagrant violation of jrood taste by the N.S.W. Premier.' 