; Mutual Peace and.Ediflca ion Enjoined. " ,Bct. Jambs Allbn;' 'fheVda ilieteforo' follow'after tho things which ni&ko; for pcaco, and things wliercwitk ono may edify n«nl1.Ar nVimdtta t!v. -in another."—E'oihfttts xiv.lD.^ WH5,NT. tlio Gospel of out tori ieeas 7 T Christ'(whose essence is peace) was first published to the world, although - it im parted substantial peace to nil, who received it cordially dud Unreservedly, ^efc it ^occasioned diesention and turmoil wheriover it "canio in; contact with Judniatical prejudices. And thnt' this should bo the case is'not at all a matter of surprise! for jwhoh we consider the;infallible miracles which attended tiie inttbdiiction*' bf; the JXosaic dispensation to the world,* and tho. very strong attachment which the Jews.had' formed to an observance of ita ceremonies, it is no causo of wonder that when. the . Gospel (which disclaimed KUimporfabccm ceremonies)1 was published to them; thoy should ' manifest a disposition to clcuvo to thoso'ceremonies of tho law which did not affect the fundamentals of the Christian religion, and that this should occasion disputes and dissensions. Suoh it seems was the caso with tho members of the Church':at Rpme iij, the days of the Apostle Paul, tfhey absifijned from cer tain hinds of moats, and observed particular days to which they had been previously accus tomed, and because the Gentile Christians paid no attention to these ceremonies they regarded; them as defective in the pefclothahce of their ditty to God. 3?he Gentile Christians, on tho other hand, looked upontbo abstemious and ceremonious Jews as being superstitiously at tached to these things, to an observance of which the unceremonious system of Gospel Christianity imposed so obligation. From these clashing and manifestly hostile views arose the dissensions to which wo have referred. In the first part of this chapter the apostle alludes to these bickerings, condemns the souree from which they sprarg, and then fur nishes some important advioe, amongst which is tho language of tho text. After having de clared that vital godliness consists solely in * righteousness, peace, and joy in; the Holy Ghost,' he subjoins the exhortation, *Let us follow after the things which make for peace,' and things wherewith one may edify another.' Lett? consider the things which make for: peace and godly bdifiedtion, and fiirniaK some considerations as incitements to attend to this important advice. I. The things which tend to mutual peace and edification. It appears evident from the phraseology of the text, as well as from its connection, that the peace and edification here so earnestly re commended by St. Paul were collective poace and edification—the peace and edification of a Christian Church, or a religious community. 1\. Let us follow after peach. This collective peace signifies harmony and concord, the entire absence of schisms and di visions. One thing which tends to this collec tive^ harmony is (1) A practical disinclination to sit in judgment upon tho character of our fellow-Christiaos for tho purpose of determin ing the reality or hypocrisy of their Christian profession. «Judge not,* said tho great Teacher, 4 that ye be not judgedyet, notwithstanding this plain commandment, which is of universal obligation, we are too prone to violate it by sitting in judgment upon our Christian bre thren. This condemned and condemning dis position is sometimes called into exerciso by the coustitntional temperaments of our fellow creatures. When they are naturally vivid and lively yro are apt to censure them as'destitute of Christian sobriety. When thoy are constitu tionally grave and sedate wo are liable to judge them as being destitute of thoBo Christian feel ings which prompt oourtesy and affability. Their modes of dress call this peace-destroying dis position into cxcrcifo. When Tboy exceed us wo look upon them na conforming to tho world ; when they are below us iu such thing* wo regard them as auperelitiougly i.tfcacbed to the non essentials of religion. Ho who judges in this or in any similar way, in flat .contradiction to the command of Christ, hns not sufficient graco to keep his judgment to himself, but will in alt probability communicate his ecutiincuts to others, and hence turmoil and Et'rifo will in evitably bo produced. A second particular winch tends to this collective po.ice ia— (2.) The reputable maintenance of each other's Christian character: If wo uro '.genuine Christians we. may rest assured that tho uu godly will strive to detract from our Christian character. Would wo, then, ensure poaco, it is our duty, when wo hear such detractions, to utter our protest against Ibcin.. A contrary course of conduct will generato dissensions, and opeutho wound thns nmlignantlv inflicted. We should therefore guard each other s reputa turn, and wipe away from tho fair character of our fellow-Christians thoso stnins of obloquy and roprouch which tho malice and wickedness of an ungodly world h'avo strove to producq. This spirit is powerfully enjoined in tho Gospel, and bountifully exempli fl'-d iri the conduct of all real Chri,. tians. Bsuryo, it is said < one another's bur dens, and so fuiOl tho law of Christ.' (Gal vi. 2-0 ) This is • tho ],» of tho Iioubc,' and no person has any■_legiti.ni.to claim to the namo or tho cbaraolor of u Christian who is a stranger to thoso sqcred principles whioh invariably prompt this eour*o of conduct ■wherever thay exist Hence vlao tho apostoic. advice,,1A» wo have opportunity, lot us do eoodunlo all mop, cspeoially unto them whoaroofthehouBe. hold of faith: (Gttl.tri.10.) We are.exhorted, aleo, to follow after— ^ si» • 0 . The things which.tond to ediHcation.-^To ' edify ono another' is to build up our' fallow! Christians in tho aaving knowledge and lora pi Christ, and to stimulate tbem to make advance; ment in tho path or "nijetaal holiness., Hence ' it ie Bald that 'charity edifieth (t Ootvtnn. I.J Stloh edification to tho oHd Of the Christfafl ministry and of iill Christian ordinance, diid ought to ho tho grand aim and ohjoot of. emy true Christian, Tho authority of Ohrutlan ministers .is given for this epcoiHo pnrpois. This St. Paul intimates: Though ,I shbttli boast somewhat more of our authority,wfiicH tho lord- hath g}*on,hs for. edification.,«hd not for your destruotionj I should fto. M ashamed.' (2 Cor. x. 8.) ' TU'reforVhe Wj* on another occasion, * I wnto tbese.tnipn, PtiDjf absent, lest, being prbsent* I fihould UjJ. flMrJi uses, according to tho power which tho-W hath givon mo lo ediflcstion and not to -do Ltruction.'..(2 Opr. ?i,S iO)..Tho gllts and talents of ihWlsUfs are also Sivon. fpr edifiuij tion,' for tho perfecting oi the. saints, for. the work of the ministry, for the edifying of..the body of Christ, till wo all como in the unity of the faith; &c.; (Eph.iT. 11-16.) Hence, also, beliovefa dfe.oiborfod to 'oomro^ themselre. together, and to edify onocfloW. (1 TMrt. v ll) Thig collective edification maj be toll, sidered with regard to an inoreto of Ofiristiafl graces, aha,an accession of Ohuroh ii\eml»rt., (t'T An increase of WS OTM^ W order to this there must to ctrlstfinnoW. nion.. i It is obviously impossible forOTirietJanf who are not accustomed to hold ^lntetcOUIM with their fellow-Christians to rma high m,th« possession of heavenly graces. Whpn topteS, they become uespbnfctit; When ItHpressM Tith a: deeper Bonse of their imperfections,: they 'write hitter things against themselves-.-Md when joyful, soaring ' high in salvation and thh olimes of bliss,' they are apt to think theyhna reached tho very consummation of.'Ubns Kan nrivileges: but when they como into con tact with tjfeirfello^.qhtistisns these OttoMojB views vaniBh. Mutual Prayer iSaUonefctttlH to this kind of .odifioation. If tho effectual fervent prayer of one righteous man av«WB muphi' how much mora when pany,sui» nnfiS their importunate supplioattonS at tile threhi of grace? let us in• this rsspcot;f^OTTtoij^ ample of tho church. When was itthattheSpmj was first poured out upon upon the.Chntchr It was when tho disciples were met with.ons^ accord in ono place for.proycr and supphcati<m. On what occasion was it 'hat the fotteranf. the . Apostlo Potor were broken off, the doors of hw prison opened for his exit, and himself per mitted to appear amoDg his brethren and friends? It was when tho ^ch^et^et together for prayer on his.behalf. There l>« omnipotence in prayer, and espeoiatly in nnited I nravof; A prompt and mutual attendance ott ?h7ministmriotlo?God'8Wordlsalsonec.^ God's Word is the bread of lfe, and h ft« W which our Bonis are to bo «built up in their most holy faith. A belief ing reception of its promises will impart ef fort, a constant tegard to its threatomnSs wiU deter no 'ffbih the commission of Hn tad W omission of duty, an implicit belief to iU revelations of future glory will animate m » urge on amidst all tho difficulties of this .trying world. • •, . ■ 1 With regard to (21 An accession of numbers it is indispsn sable that there Bhould ho cxemplattncM ol conduct in the members of tho Church. When wocommenoo a religious course the eyeslot on I godly men become immediately fixed upon us. Should tboy (Uncover iuconsietonby in any part of our behaviour thoir prejudices against roji gion will become moro deeply rooted; out it, uotwithEtanding tho strictest scrutiny, hey observe our conduct marked by rectitude and consistency they will naturally becomo more favourably difpoeed to rchgion, and, notwithstanding their enmity to K, no I constrained to acknowledge its vnlUe ana - celleiicf,' and take knowledge of usjhat fr# havo been with Jesus.' Iudced, it that religion should bo fully and correctly exemplified without producing wonder ana admiration. It was therefore in goMtxeason and with infinite propriety that our Lord sal , ' Lot your light bo shino before men, that they may see your good works, and S'°nft.T n4 Father which is in heaven. (Ma". T. I®)-■" hence St. Paul urgoa all "no believers to sbme aa lights in tho world, holding forth tho WOTa of life.' In this way, thorefore, wo.maybocoma instrumental in edifying tho Churoh.. ^ mny bo dono also by soasonnblo ndmonitipn addressing seaaonahlo words to unboi - when wo como in their way. ' A word spoken in edaaon,' obsorves tho Wiseman, bow g is it!' (ProV. xv. 23.) How often has W arrow of conviction reached tho hoarc ouu pierced the onsoienco from tho utterance single sentence! A single admonition, «?xh r | lotion, reproof, or hiut, soneooahtjr ana lionaloly fiivnu, has driven 'a nail whiChhM heen fixei 'by tho master of assiemhlioj, inflicted a wound which nothing could heal but tho balm of Gilcod, mid produced aoiurso or conduct whinh hue caufoJ joy on ear » lured the harps of angels to frefh melody in hoavon—has led to solid peuco «"d here, and ultimately terminatsd in the f of ' the just mitdo perfect' hereaftor. then 'edify' tho Cnnich by seeking »• wandering soula of men'— By eric*, entreaties, tcara to 5*TC'^ And matcli tliom from tho gaping S*V* ' of cverlatttiug deatruotion. Wo may do this, moroovor, • ' ■ n (.3 ) By unceasing Intercessions ftt too lu . . of gruco for tho conversion °f aU ospcciully of thoac who como within tho "P of our own operations. 1 X haro set wa^to upon thy wtdls, O Jerusalem/ says Jo » <whichFhatineveri»o!dthoirpeocedaynor s_ » ye that make mention of the Lord, aUoncc, and give him no rest, till Uo ost » and till Ho innko .Teruu'lcm a prsiso earth.' Ixii- 0 7.) Tho ministers of wo Church inuy preach with «»uruontne8 fidelity \ the members of tho Churoh J exhibit a holy example beforo the world, and endeavour to strengthen this by) adminietoring leasonablo instruction and advico in' the meek nees of wisdom,' and with the wisdom of meekness; hnt all these laudable efforts will be nugatory without the exercise of fervent and importunate supplication to God for his pros pering blessing. Wo are now to II. Furnish some considerations as incite ments to an attention to this important advice. The first] is—1. Thnt wo aro commnnded by Qod to follow after the things which promoto poaco and edification. 2. That in giving a practical attention to this advice wo shall ensure our present and future'wolfaro; and, 3. That in following such "things' wo shall save instru mentally immortal souls from spiritual and eternal death. Let us learn, then, that as; Christians who profess to be imitators of the Lord Jesus Christ,1 none of us' should ' live to himself/ but that,1 whether we livo, we should live unto the Lord; and whether we die, we should die unto tfao Lord:' ao that living or aying wo may be 1 the Lord's/ (Rom. xiv. 7, 8.) 