MYSTERIOUS DiSAPPEARANCE OF Lord Brackenbury. PublUhed by Arrangement with Harper Brothers New York.) CHAPTER XXIII. MRS. PENNEFEATHER'S TROUBLES ' Come in,' said a slightly peevish voice. ' Oh, dear me ! why do you knock? Why don't you come in ?' ' Because I did not like to disturb you,' replied Winifred peeping in. It was a shabby little room, half dining-room, half school-room, with a much-battered davenport in one of the windows, at which sat a lady writing. This lady looked round, put her pen down quickly, jumped up, , and welcomed her guest with exclamations and kisses. ' Oh, my dear,' said she, 'this is lovely of you I Disturb me, indeed i You have a genius for coming exactly when one most wants you.' ' I am glad I came, if you wanted me,' said Winifred. ' What is the matter ?' ' The matter? Oh, anything everything. I am so worried I-The children ? Oh yes, the children are all righb. I've sent them to hunt up jblcokberries for a blackberry pudding. Blackberries are over, of course, but .they dont know that, and it keeps them out of the way.' ' And Mr. Peunefeathet.' 'In the growlery, my dear, writing his sermons for Sunday, The Caldi cotts are off again, as I daresay you have heard. Gone to Paris for a fort night, which means a month, leaving poor Derwent, as usual, to do the drudgery. She is recommended to consult some great French physician. Rubbish I We know all about that. They'll be dining in the Palais Royal every day, and going to operas and theatres every night, and she'll come home with six new dresses and no end of ohiffons, and declare she has been in bed at Meurice's all the time. Ah, I know them so well! Caldicott drops his clerical role and she her invalid rule, the moment they cross the Channel white ties and Anglican waistcoats, me grims and attacks of faintness, all left at Dover to be called for on the way back.' ' You are uncharitable this morning.' ' One can't afford to be charitable, my dear, on a hundred and fifty pounds per annum,' replied Mrs. Penefeather, airily. ' Poverty is demoralizing. It makes one spiteful. Give me a thou sand a year,. and I'll undertake to cultivate all the virtues.' ' Ah, you don't love poverty,' said Winifred. ' Love poverty! I should think not, indeed ! Who does ?' 'I do.' Mrs. Pennefeather shrugged her shoulders. 'You and I are so different?' she -:'said. ,'You have not five small children to feed and clothe. You are not aggravated by feeling within yourself " an unlimited capacity for wealth. Now I am potentially a millionaire-and I haven't sixpence a year to do as I like with. Then it exasperates me to see those wretched Caldicotts perpetually going about and enjoying themselves, when poor Derwent has not had a months holiday for the last four years. What I more flowers ? more eggs ? My dear,:you'll spoil me. As for our hens,. the abandoned wretches wouldn't lay an egg if we were all starving.' A crumpled-looking, delicate-fea tured little face, a complexion once ex quisite, t pair of'brilliant hazel eyes, a rapid utterance, a winning smile, an excited manner, a throeadhare black gown, faultlessly fitted to a fault ess figure-this was Mrs. Pennofeathor. Now Mrs. Pennefeather wife of the Reverend Derwent Pennefeather, and mother of five small Penuefeathers aforessaid, was the only friend of Winifred Savage's girlhood; and the Reverend Derwent Pennefeathor'was curate to the Reverend Valentine Caldi cott, Vicar of Langtrey. Of the vicar a florid, agreeable man, married to a Manchester heiress-it is enough to say that he divided his time pretty equally between travelling abroad and angling at home, leaving his church and parish almost entirely to his curate. 'But you have not told me your troubles,' said Winifred, smiling. "Areyoupeople unmanageable? Have you not yet poisoned the Lady Gwen doline, or succeeded in murdering the Duke ?' Mrs. Pennofeather shook her head. ' That is ndt what worries me,' she replied, with a perfectly matter-of-fact air, as if slaughtering the aristocracy was her peculiar vocation. ' I have murdered the Duke most satisfactorily, in an entirely new way, which I'm sure you'll be charmed with. No--it's about a gnost story. 'A ghost story ?' 'I had a letter from the editor of Gog and Magog-such a nice letter offering me five pounds for a ghost story for the Christmas number. You may imagine how pleased I was I Well, I went into the fields after breakfast, and it all came into my head-a thrilling suicide and a delicious apparition. Just the very thing I and now Derwent won't let me write it I' ' Why not ?' 'You may well ask. He does'nt approve of ghost stories-says it is a sacrilegious levity to write such things.' 'Then Mr. Pennefeather believes in ghosts ?' ' He neither believes nor disbelieves. He says we know nothing about dis embodied spirits under the present dis pensation, and that one has at all events no business to tamper with such subjects. It is useless to argue with him. You have no idea how resolute Derwent can be when it comes to a question of conscience. But isn't it mortifying ? Five pounds, my dear five pounds deliberately thrown away, and Christmas coming, and the chil dren wanting warm things for the winter-' Here Mrs. Pennefeather's voice broke into an involuntary sob. ' I declare,' she said, ' it's heart breaking.' Winifred's arms were instantly round her. ' No, no,' she said; " disappointing -perplexing - not° heart-breaking. Don't fret about it, dear; pray don't fret.' Mrs. Pennefeather laughed nervously and brushed away a tear. 'This is too ridiculous,, she said. 'I who never break down. I am horribly ashamed.' ' There must be a way out of the difficulty,' mused Winifred. ' A very short and a very straight way. I shall write a civil note regrett ing that my numerous literary engage-. ments compel me to decline; and then I shall never again be invited to con tribute to Gog and Magog.' ' You must of course give up yonr delicious apparition. ' That is giving up the story. How can I write a ghost story without a ghost ?' 'You are not obliged to have the ghost of a human being.' 'Eh ?' 'Why. not invent an inoffensive ghost-say the ghost of an animal. ' The ghost of an animal!' echoed Mrs. Pennefeather breathlessly. ' Oh, Winifred, what a great idea !' ' Mr. Pennefeather would not object to that?' 'Of course not. The ghost of an animal-What animal ? A dog ! Yes of course, a dog! A faithful blood hound, who appears in order to identify his master's murderer.' 'Isn't that rather too-too obvious ?' ' I daresay it is, dear,' replied Mrs. Pennefeather, meekly. ' That's my fault, you know- obviousness. All my ideas are just what anybody else's ideas would be. I'm not a bit original.' ' That is not what I mean,' said Winifred, quickly. ' What do I know of originality-I who have never read any novels but yours and Scott's ? No; I only thought that the story should be as uncanny as possible.' 'Of course it should be uncanny.' 'Unlike the generality of ghost stories.' ' Ah, there's the rub I It is so hard to think of anything new.' ' We can but try. Suppose we tried by contraries ?' Contraries, my dear child What do you mean ?' ':Well, ghosts, you know, are always. seen-in ghost storio.,' said Winifred, hesitatingly. 'Suppose you had a ghost that' was felt. Ghosts always glide-have a ghost that springs. Fancy what it would be to feel a cat spring upon your shoulder-a ghostly cat, in tangible, invisible-' Mrs. Pcnnefeather clasped her hands ecstatically. 'Oh, you darling,' she exclaimed. , The children may say there are no fairy tales like thonse you tell them. You ought to be an author.' WVinifred dhook her head. 'I an author' she said, laughing. ' bsurd! I could not put a story together to save my life. No, I am but a truffle-dog in your service, good for nothing but to grub up material which I don't Imow how to cook.' Saying which, she rose, put on her hat, and asked if she might not give baby ' one kiss'before saying good-by. So they went up stairs to a little carpetless nursery, where a fair, wide eye.d infant w 's l?ing quite quietly in his cot, all aloLn, 1ndl staring with placid contentment at the window. ' What a beauty he grows ' said Winifred, when this youngest Penne feather had been duly smothered in embraces. He looks like a little king.' 'Bless him I Ho is my king!' ejaculated the fond mother, taking her boy out of his cot, and dandling him in her arms. Winifred smiled. You would rather have him than all the Caldicotts' money,' she said. ' What I my baby? Heavens and earth 1-as if I would not rather have my baby than all the wealth of all the Rothschilds 1 And he knows it-he knows his mother would sooner have him than bales of bank-notes, and sacks of silver and gold, and mountains of Koh-i-noors.' And Mrs. Pennefeather, pouring forth a torrent of fond, foolish, mater nal endearments, looked as radiant as if she had never sighed over an unpaid butcher's bill, or scribbled sensation stories at a penny a line. A tender mother, a good wife, a care ful housekeeper, as skillful with her needle as with her pen, and an adept in the art and mystery of cooking, Mrs. Pennefeather was the very reverse of that helpless, slatternly, unattractive phenomenon, the typical lady novelist of the nineteenth century. She was her children's own governess, and she made their clothes and her own. For all this, she wrote novels-novels which were neither brilliant nor pro found, but which were unquestionably amusing, and by no means without cleverness. And she wrote these novels anyhow and anywhere, as she could find or make time-in the nursery, or the garden, or late at night when all the little household were in bed. Many a heart-ache, many a headache, many a disappointment, they cost her. Publishers held her cheap, because she always wanted ten pounds in advance. Critics were hard upon her; and she secretly watered many a page of the periodical press with her tears. Yet she wrote on, and even enjoyed some of the pleasures of authorship. She was as much interested in her puppets as if they had been dressed and painted, and worked by strings less obvious ; and the sorrow of her heroine helped her many a time to forget the butcher's bill in the back ground. Then, when by means of this small literary gift she succeeded in supplementing her husband's narrow stipend by no matter how modesta sum she was happy, and deemed herself well paid. This does not mean that she was of a particularly contented disposition, but that she rated her talent at even less, perhaps, than its due. 'I am not witty, you know-I am only sharp. I have had no education to speak of. I know I am shallow; and I don't expect to be read by any but those who are as shallow as my self. Thank Heaven; however, their name is legion. What would become of the circulating libraries if the British public was not providentially blessed with an instinctive craving forrubbish ?' Such was Mrs. Pennefeather's esti mate of her own abilities, and, due abatement made for exaggeration, she was probably not far wrong. The baby having meanwhile been kissed to within an inch of his life, Mrs. Pennefeather put him back into his cot, and said, suddenly, ' Is it true, by the %ay, that Lancelot Brackenbury is going up to the House of Lords ?' ' Who says so ?' 'Every one, I believe. Derwent met Dr. Saunders last evening, riding home from Singleton, and he said the whole town was talking about it.' ' Already ?' 'Then it is true ! Well, it was time. Things could not go on in an ever lasting interregnum ; and the tenantry, I know, were discontented.' ' I believe it was considered neces sary,' said Winifred; ' but it is none the less painful.' 'Painful at first, no doubt; but that is a painfulness that will quickly wear away with use. At all events I am glad it is settled......glad, too, that my dear Winifred will be Lady Brackenbury after all.' ' Mrs. Pennefeather I' Her face crimson, her eyes flaming, her lips quivering, Miss Savage stood the incarnation of outraged pride. 'My dear, I did not mean to offend you.' 'You have offended me very much,' said Winifred, haughtily. ' I am dreadfully sorry. I would not have said it for the world if I had thought you would mind it. How could I be so stupid-so un guarded ?......What shall I say to excuse myself ?' ' ay nothing, rather than go on adding to the offence l " Unguarded." What do you mean by " unguarded ?" Do you dare to-to imply-" Her voice broke, and she burst into a passion of tears. ' My dear friend-my dear, dearest Winifred,' cried Mrs. Pennefeather, now thoroughly frightened and peni tent, ' don't-pray don't give way ! I was bitterly to blame-I acknow ledge that; but was it my fault, after all, that I discovered your secret ? Flow could I write stories- no matter what poor stuff they are made of-if I had not some sort of instinct for read ing other people's hearts ? How can I help that instinct ? Why, dearest, I read yours years ago, as if it had been an open book ; and knowing how you love him-' ' Of course I love him-he is almost my brother,' interrupted Winifred, struggling hard for composure. :To be continued. 