[?] Church of England General Synod. The third session of the General Synod of the dioceses of the Church of England in Australia and Tasmania com menced its sittings on Monday. There was a full choral service at St. Andrew's Cathedral in the morning, at which there was a very large attendance. There were present the Bishops of Brisbane, Bathurst, Ballarat, Melbourne, Perth, Worth Queensland, and Newcastle. Before the service the prelates just mentioned entered tne catnedrai in procession, attended by the Deans of Sydney and Melbourne, and Canons Stephen, Rulton King, and Gunther. The first Lesson was read by the Bishop of Melbourne, the second by the Bishop of Newcastle, the Epistle by the Bishop of North Queensland, and the Gospel by the Bishop of Perth, while the rest of the service was taken by the Bishop of Brisbane. The anthem ' I was glad,' was ad mirably executed by the full choir, Mr. M. Younger pre siding at the organ. The synod assembled for the transaction of business at the Church Society's rooms, at 4 o'clock in the afternoon. The Bishop of Brisbane, as senior bishop, presided, and opened the proceedings with the usual prayers. The roll of bishops was called by the Dean of Sydney, and the roll of representatives by the Rev. Canon Allwood. The following answered to their names: — Bishops : The Bishop of Brisbane, the Bishop of Goulburn, ' the Bishop of Bathurst, the Bishop of Ballarat, the Bishop of Melbourne, the Bishop of Perth, the Bishop of North Queensland, tne Bishop of Newcastle. Representatives. — Diocese of Sydney : Clerical — The Very Rev. the Dean of Sydnev, the Rev. Canon R. Allwood, B. A., the Rev. Canon H. S. King, M.A., the Rev. Canon A. H. Stephen, M.A., the Rev. C. F. Garnsey, the Rev. A. W. Pain, B. A. Lay : —Mr. Alexander Gordon, Mr. W. J. Foster, Mr. Alexander Stuart, Mr. Christopher Rolleston, Hon. Sir J. George Long Innes, Mr. Shepherd Smith. Diocese of Adelaide : The Ven. Archdeacon Farr, the Rev. W. B. Andrews, Mr. G. W. Hawkes. Diocese of Brisbane: The Yen. the Archdeacon of Brisbane, the Ven. the Archdeacon of Warwick, the Rev. C. G. Robinson, M.A., Mr. Thomas Weedon. Mr. Thomas Robertson. DioceBe of Goulburn: The Rev. Canon Scott, M.A., Hon. Charles Campbell, Mr. Thomas H. Mate. DioceBe of Tasmania : The Ven. the Archdeacon of Hobart, the Ven. the Archdeacon of Launceston, the Rev. Canon J. B. H. Bailey, the Rev. Canon A. Mason, the Rev. Canon E. P. Adams, the Rev. Charles Vaughan, Mr. W. Tarleton, Mr. C. F. Collier, Mr. J. Barnard, Mr. R. P. Adams. Diocese of Grafton and Armidale: The Rev. C. C. Greenway, Mr. W. A. B. Greaves. Diocese of Bathurst: The Rev. T. R. Curwen Campbell, M.A., The Rev. E. Dunstan, M.A., the Rev. C. F. Williams, Hon. G. H. Cox, Hon. W. H. Suttor, Mr. J. Rutherford. Diocese of Ballarat : The Ven. the Archdeacon of Warrnambool, the Rev. H. E. Cooper, M.A., the Rev. H. W. H. Adeney, the Rev. Colin Campbell, B.A., Mr. J. W. Rogers, Diocese of Melbourne : The Very Rev. the Dean of Mel bourne, the Rev. Canon Handfield, the Rev. Canon Good man, M.A. ; the Rev. J. F. Hocter, Mr. H. Henty, Mr. G. W. Rusden, Hon. T. T. A'Beckett. Diocese of North Queensland : The Rev. H. Plume, B.A. Diocese of New castle : The Ven. the Archdeacon of Newcastle, the Rev. Canon Selwyn, Major Bolton, Mr. Thomas Hungerford, Mr. Frederick White. The President then read his opening address; and a motion by the Dean of Sydney that the President be requested to allow it to be 'printed was carried by accla mation. The standing orders of 1872 were adopted as the stand ing orders of this synod, on the motion of Mr. Alexander Stuart ; an amendment, moved by Mr. W. J. Foster, to make them tbe standing orders of the General Synod until altered or repealed, having been negatived. The Rev. A. W. Pain was elected clerical secretary, and Mr. G. W. Hawkes lay secretaiy ; Mr. W. Tarleton was elected chairman of committees. Tuesday, October 11. The President commenced the proceedings of the synod, at 4.35 p.m., by reading prayers. MINUTES. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and con firmed. TRIBUNAL FOR TRIAL OF BISHOPS. The President announced that the Bench of Bishops had not been able to bring up their report with reference to the tribunal for the trial of bishops ; and therefore the production of the report would have to he postponed. BOARD OF MISSIONS. The President announced that the report of the Board -of Missions was not yet prepared, and therefore the laying of that report before the synod would have to be post poned. petition. Rev. C. C. Greenway presented a petition from the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale with reference to any action of the synod regarding the marriage law. It was ordered that the petition be received and printed. time of speaking. The Bishop of Ballarat moved, — ' That the follow ing standing order be inserted after order 12 : After a member has spoken for 15 minutes consecutively, it shall be competent to any two members to call for the opMon of the synod as to whether he shall be heard further. In the event of permission being given, the speaker shall be allowed to proceed for another 15 minutes at least without similar interruption.' The Bishop of Melbourne thought it was desirable to limit speaking in some way, and it could not be better done than by some such means as this which had been sug gested to him by the Bishop of Newcastle, and which he would move as an amendment, — ' That after a member has spoken for 15 minutes consecutively the president shaL sound a bell by way of warning, and after the lapse of five minutes the president shall again sound a bell, after which the speaker shall not continue to speak.' ? The amendment of tbe Bishop of Melbourne was negatived. The original motion was then put and also negatived. the organization of the general synod. Rev. Canon King moved, — ' Experience having shown that the many existing obstacles to the free action of the General Synod greatly impair its practical usefulness, this evnod resolves that it be referred to the various diocesan synods to consider whether some less formal organization, not involving so much effort and expenditure on the part of members of the Church, mignt not, for the present, be with advantage substituted for it.' He said it should be re remembered that we had a Metropolitan and a Province : and it was quite within the power of the Metropolitan, in the interests of the Church, to call together an assembly of as great a character as the present, and able to deal with 6U(3i questions as might be brought forward, avoiding at the same time a variety of questions which were brought before this General Synod, because it was believed this synod had power to deal with them. But if we reviewed the past, and went back to 1868, it would be found that there was no positive desire on the part of the church of this province to have this synod. The aim of the Metropolitan was simply that there should be no divergence in point of doctrine and ritual between the church here and the church at home ,' and while there was no enthusiasm in either the colony of New South Wales or the colony of Victoria in reference to the formation of this synod, together the two colonies intended and designed that this assembly should have very little power. Then, if the working of this synod were inquired into, it would be seen that there _ were certain elements in it which time alone would eliminate. He would now proceed to point out that in the work that had been done there were variances existing between the dioceses, such as must inevitably mar the labours of a regular General Synod. There had been an indication of this from the very beginning, as was shown by the early records of the original conference. If there was no Metro politan, what right had the dioceses to come together and establish a General Synod to rule and govern the church throughout Australia ? He could see some justification for such a court if there were a province of Australia, but none if no such province existed. He was proceeding to sketch the history of the determinations which had been arrived at upon the formation of the General Synod, when The Bishop of Melbourne rose to order. This was a motion which went to show that the svnod never should have been constituted, and that having 'been constituted it should now be dissolved. If the speaker desired to go on, he must confine himself to showing what his motion pro fessed. Rev. Canon King could not justify the motion unless he attempted to show that the working of the synod hitherto had shown that obstacles existed which were not patent at the time it was formed. At the last session, rules and regulations to guide the appellate tribunal were not adopted. That tribunal was not a court of appeal, because it was not one to which any person had the right of appeal. The working of the synod had shown there were great differences of opinion as to the power of the synod to deal with certain questions, and these were evi dences of the obstacles which existed to the working of the synod upon its present basis. Thus he thought they would do well to refer back to the diocesan synods the question whether an assembly called as demanded by circumstances would not better suit the wants of the church than the present constitution of the General Synod. The Dean of Melbourne said that 'instead of the formation of this synod having aroused enthusiasm, it was entered into with fear and trembling, with great anxiety— soberly, reverently, and in the fear of God. It was quite true that great mistakes had been made, but that was caused by being misinformed on the part of the highest human authority that could be reached. That the members met for the formation of this synod at the invitation of the Bishop of Sydney was true enough, but the Bishop of Sydney was the natural person to call them together, and Sydney was the natural place for the holding of their first conference. There was no sacrifice of principle in admitting that. They met as Christian men, as members and ministers of the Church of England, who, whatever might have been their differences of opinion in the difficult position in which they were placed, met for the hearty welfare of the Church of England in these colonies, and with an earnest single minded purpose to further her interests to the best of their power, and to strengthen her hands. If there had been no right nor authority to do what had been done, he did not know what was meant' by right and authority. There may not have been some technicality, but they met to consider and decide upon certain things. It might be said this synod wanted authority; but what authority did it want? It had the meeting together of the biBhops of these colonies, and the fully- chosen representatives of the clergy and the members of the church in these colonies. It was desired that the united wisdom of this synod should be placed before the different synods in their dioceses, and the mem bers of the General Synod were thankful that they had not a constraining power, but that they simply offered recom mendations to their brethren and fellow-churchmen in the land — recommendations of what seemed best and wise. They might not have done much work, but they had done work which would benefit their children and theic children's children connected with the church in this land. I Mr. C. Campbell said he should have sought for no other proof of the statement in the resolution that the many obstacles to the free action of the General Synod greatly impaired its practical usefulness than that to be found in the speech delivered by the President on the previous day. The Bishop of Melbourne said that if he thought that by any action of theirs they were dissociating themselves from the Church of England, he would have no part in their deliberations ; but ne woe convinced that they had done no act, and that there was no notice on the notice paper, that would have any such effect. Why, the Lambeth Conference had recommended the church to take the very steps they were taking now. ( Hear, hear.) He would like to mention that in his own case he had asked for letters patent, and had been told by the counsel for the Treasury that these letters would not be worth the paper they were written upon. Did they want to tell them that the Church of Christ had no power to meet together to legislate for itself P The church was above all earthly powers, it was the body of the Holy Ghost, the body of the spirit of Jesus Christ, and had the eternal right to supply all deficiencies ; and as it had been found that the church could not supply her needs by the old rules, they should not therefore throw technical difficulties in the way as had been done. As he had said the church was above law. She made laws to guide herself inordinary circum stances, but when these circumrtances were not ordinary she must make laws for those circumstances. (Hear, hear.} What was to bring them together in Australia but a bond of union such as this r If they were to become mere parochial vestries it would be a great blow to the church in Australia. (Hear, hear.) Thelawwasimpotenttomeettheircase,and they had therefore to leave themselves in the position of separate dioceses if they could not find within the corners of some old parchment some words that would meet the case. (Hear, hear.) So far as the difference between established and voluntary churches left it open to him he would remain through life a member of the grand old church in which he had been brought up. (Cheers.) The Rev. W. S. Wilson pointed out that they were not recognised by law as parts of the Established Church of England, but only as part of the Church of England, with out reference to its establishment. The Bishop of Goulburn pointed out the position of the colonial clergy as compared with that of the clergy of the Episcopal Church of Scotland and of America, and said this synod was not started on any fraternity of love, but upon the legal position that the Bishop of Sydney was Metropolitan of the dioceses of Australia. Ths members could act within their legal position as members of the Church of England, and could, without interfering with the laws of the Church of England, meet under mutual arrangement. The resolution was negatived on diviBion by 69 to 2, the minority being Rev. Canon King and Mr. C. Campbell. uniformity of marriage regulations. Rev. Canon King moved, — ' This synod resolves that in order to secure, as far as possible, uniformity in regulations affecting marriage within the province, it is desirable that no ecclesiastical restrictions be imposed on the celebration of marriage between members of 'the Church of England in addition to those enforced by the marriage laws of the various colonies.' | Archdeacon Child opposed the resolution, and moved as an amendment, — 'That a select committee be appointed to prepare regulations in such form as may seem most expe dient to it, and to submit them to this synod for consider ation at this session, having due regard to the following principles: — 1. That every marriage shall be celebrated either after publication of banns or after license granted for the dispensation from the publication of banns. 2. That every marriage should be celebrated in a church, except after ' the permission of the biehop fixet had been given and taken. 3\. No clergyman shall be bound to solemnize matrimonv between persons either of whom he knows to have been divorced or to be within the degrees expressed in the table set forth by authority in the year 1663.' Archdeacon Child withdrew from his amendment the subsection 3. Mr. Shepherd Smith moved an amendment requesting the Bench of Bishops to arrive at a determination on the subject for the guidance of the clergy. Mr. A'Beckett thought the matter was one essentially for the bishops, and one that had nothing to do with the laity. (Hear, hear.) Archdeacon Davenport said the intention of the resolu tion was very good, but its scope showed the utter impossi bility of any ecclesiastical body adopting such a resolution, which would simply mean surrendering themselves to the various legislatures of the colony. At the same time, the whole question of the marriage law was one that might be referred to a select committee. Rev. H. E. Cooper supported the proposal for the appointment of a select committee, in preference to the question being referred to the Bench of Bishops. Mr. Shepherd Smith said he would withdraw his amendment if the question were referred to the committee. The amendment moved by Mr. Shepherd Smith was withdrawn. After discussion, the resolution was agreed to in the following form : — ' That a select committee be appointed to prepare regulations affecting^ marriage within the dioceses of Australia and Tasmania, in such form as may seem most expedient to it, and submit them to this synod for consideration during this session.' The following gentlemen were then appointed as the select committee : — Bishops of Perth, Ballarat, and North Queensland; Archdeacon Farr, Canon Druitt, Rev. C. C. Greenway, Canon Handfield, Rev. C. Curwen Campbell, Archdeacon Child, Messrs. A. Gordon, Adams, Rogers, and A'Beckett. [A summary of Wednesday and Thursday's proceedings will be found on page 672. J 