The Archbishop of Dublin on the National Demands. His Grace the Archbishop of Dublin, in a pastoral announcing the date of the annual col lection for the Pope, writes :— Troubles of no ordinary character have, no doubt, fallen heavily on our own unhappy country. These troubles may, for the present, deprive many of our good people of the means of being as generous as they were in better times ; but let us remember the advice of the Holy ■Ghost, who tells us if we have but little, to give that little cheerfully, for God loves the cheerful ■giver. And whilst we look for our lasting reward in a happier world than this, yet even here our sacrifices for God’s Church will not gc unrewarded. Let us hope that the clouds which have long overhung our distracted country maj ^ortly break up, and that the morning of a \- -^ay may soon dawn upon us. Let us brighter u , ’-mg-looked-for day of peace anr pray that the w ^ come to gladden the hearts prosperity may soon ^ „ ancl dreary night of of our people after a lonb and guard om ■sorrow. But we must take cau. 1 - ' flocks from danger which their iong-clenied claims for justice might call forth. Unreason able demands or indiscreet zeal may throw our : country into misery even greater than that from j .which she seems to be on the point of escaping. ; We must therefore warn our faithful people against the counsels of some who, even in our own Catholic city, and in the name of religion and social liberty, have laid down doctrines destructive of the principles of right and jus tice. We must never forget that the moral code is the outpost of faith and the safeguard of society, and that if the moral virtues be disre garded there is grave danger that the theological virtue of Divine faith may speedily perish. We must also bear in mind the doctrine of the apostle, that “ Whoever shall keep the whole law, but offend in one point, is become guilty of all” ; for the authority which prescribes the whole moral code prescribes every individual precept, and the violation of one obligation involves the disregard of the authority from which all derive their sanction. Whilst, then, we pray for the success of the righteous cause of justice, let us take heed that no stain of sin sully the banner which is to lead our people to a peaceful and lasting victory. 