THE ROWING CHAMPIONSHIP . HARLAN AND LAYCOCK FOR £1000. t sportsman. lfith february. Having been tho victims of a series of vexa tious delays and disappointments, and compelled to struggle on with their training operations in the face of terrible weather, the aquatic rivals; Edward Banian, of Toronto, and Klitis C, Lay- cofik, of Sydney, New South Wales, were at length enabled to set at rest the vcxcl. question of supremacy yesterday afternoon. So long ago ;i« llio SOfcli Nnromhnr Inat. the dav on which tho articles of agreement were signed, the pair were anxions to enter into contention — the ono to avenge a severe dofoat sustained by a comrade, tho other to defend the title which public opinion had declared to have been fairly and honestly won, but to need up holding once more ore its possessor left this country. So it was settled that tho mo mentous issue should bo fonght out on 17th Janu ary, and' the oarsmen speedily set about the work of preparation for tho conflict. We havo re marked that Hanlan was, as it were, forced into making a match with Laycock considerably, against his will, as he wished to get back home at the earliest available niomept. Those who urged him, however, to meet tho Australian were in earnest, or they would scarcely have come for ward so readily to assist the Sydney man in making up his stake money. Wo nepd scarcely remind our readers that Hanlan at first 'declined to row for a less stake than £1000 asjide. There can be no doubt that even that largo sum -would havo been forthcoming had it been absolutely noedod by LsycocU, for quite £700 was pro mised from 'Sydney, Melbourne, and. Adelaide and nearly £300 was subscribed in England. Eventually Hanlan consented to row for £500 aside, and moro than that1 amount was contri buted in a day or two. Indeed somo had to be returned to tho subscribers, and. thou thorp was ample remaining to rnuko up tho ex-Bushman s stake without his needing to contribute a single farthing of bis own innnoy. It will hardly be necessary to trace the careers of the rivals since that period. They both got into excclicntcomli- tion by the day fixed' for. the match, and thep came the trials and tribulations which havo so worried and hampered the pair. Rowing was absolutely impossible on 17th January, for the Thames was literally teeming' with Inure blocks ofice and snow, so a postponement until the fol lowing Saturday was rendered necessary. On tho day named tho atato of affairs was oven worse, and it became compulsory for the princi pals to gravely discuss tho question und rogolve upon a lengthy adjournment. Finally it' was de cided that an attempt should be made upon 14th February, and the oarsmen took the earliest opportunity of turning their hacks upon Putney, which tuoro resembled a district in Greenland than a suburb of London. Hanlon hied away to Southampton, where lie Wi.is enabled to get some practice, and haycock, accompanied by Trickett, journeyed to Soutffwiok, Sussex, where a stretch of elixir water was available. It should bo observed that for the engagement of yesterday haycock was trained by his fellow-colonist, the ex-champion, whilst Hru- lan had tho benefit of the service? of Wallace Ross and the vctoran George Drcwitt. Even during the last wcek or two tho scullers suffered much from the vagaries of tho weather. A heavy snowstorm ono day npset all thoir calculations,' and this was followed by a drenching fall of rain and a series of bitter gales, which rendered rowing both difficult and daucerons. Still, tho paircou- tinued in capital health, and never relaxed their efforts for a moment. Despite all they had un dergone thoy turned np at the post yesterday in en viable trim, Hanlan scaling 10 st. 10£ lb., and Lay- cock 12 st. 8£ lb. as they stepped into their boats.. It was amiouncod that Uiq misn wouldbe in their boats and at their respective stations shortly be fore two o'clock, as it. was desired- that they should take advantage of what littlo tide would be available. It was comforting to notice that as tho hour indicated approached tbq ".flood" was making pretty briskly, despite the va9t quantities of land water still coming from the upper reaches of the river. Two o'clock passed, and there were no signs of the men. Five minutes moro saw Manlan's cutler, with George Drowittin tho bow, making in the direction of the Aqneduct. Tho celebrated Toronto sculler Boon followed, in bis Warm-built boat Canada, add using a pair of Ayiing's sculls, on accoupt of his Canadian sweeps having suffered damage, wearing . a white jersey over his customary blue racing costume. Hanlan sculled gently down to the 'umpire's boat, in tho bow of which Mr. Jqhn Ireland Rome timo previously had taken liia plage, ajid thgn turning had a fpw sharp bursts up river. Still Laycock lingered and the spectators grew , most impatient at the delay. Evontually the Sydney man came along, accom panied by bis cutter, in which Trickett, his pilot, occupied a place. Laycock was seated in a new Jewitt, by name Tho Australian. Matters now looked business-like, more delay had to be endured. The- Shark Islander, who, by the wgy, wdre that broad-brim (pd wide-awake hat forwhich ho bus become so famous, paddled in very leisurely fashion up to the Aqueduct, and then meandered about for some time as though ho had all the afternoon in which to enjoy him self. At lost ho pulled strongly over to the Surrey shore, and there commenced the process of "pelling," Hanlan immediately following suit. The Antipodean elected to row in a light pink jersey, and remarkably well he look as he length drew away from his cutter and came out into mid-river. Hanlan presented a no less lt taking" appearance, for his face was ruddy with heal tb, and his muscles stood out promi nently, By this time the toss for ckoico.of sta tions had taken place, and the Canadian, with his usual good fortune, was successful. There really, however, was but little to gain by having the pick of positions, for the wind was nob at all boisterous, and was dead aft, whilst the water was in capital condition. Hnnlan, who had fitted a windsail to his boat, chore the Middlesex berth, and quickly ranged up to bin stake-boat.. These were moored . rather higher up the river than is customarily the cdsc, beiug spposite tho top of tho Star and Garten. Laycock was speedily at his station, but he preferred to have a short spin on his own account ore commencing hostilities. At length ho came back steadily, and all was then ready for the race. " On the umpire's boat, on leaving London, bridge, 3 to 1 was laid on Hanlan to £40. Then the odds rose to 7 to S on, and on reaching Put ney 4 to 1 was laid to about £100. Just before the men inado their appearance 5 to I was laid, and finally 4 to 1 wus taken freely, most of the moucy being invested at this price. At twenty- one minutes pant two precisely, and at the first attempt, the rivals went away for tho race. Tho p.ur started very evenly,- Laycoek_going off with a stroke of 39 to tho mjnuto, and Hanlan sculling at 38. Tho Toronto oarsman pulling with re markable vigor soon secured a slight lead, which ho increased iu they passed Duke's Head to about half a length. At the top of the boathouses, going very strongly. Hanlan had left tho Australian fully a length behind as they passe \ the Creck-time, 1 mjn. IS sec. — and as be now relaxed his exertions a bttlo ho did not gain much upon his opponent until half-way along the Concrete Wall, when, so fur as could be "judged from the Press boat, which hnd dropped some what into tho rear, ho wu« leading by about two lengths. Ho was at this timo going easily ami looking round at tho spectators in a thoroughly unconcerned manner. At this point lie suddenly slowed down, and seemed very nervous about his course, ami by the timo the top of tho Wall was reached be was rowing but SO to the minute, Laycock in tbe meantime bad been exorting. him self to tbo utmost, and apparently punishing himself terribly. His stroko was very "short, and be did notceem to dip his tculls well into tho water at the commencement, or to pull them wclj through. At this point llanlan pulled out freni tbo shore into mid-river, and rowed nearly right ahead of Laycock, treating him to his i wash. The pair now Loth began making the' shoot for : the Surrey shoto, Hanlan taking a splendidly-jhdscd course across, whjlc Trickett also steered Laycock most judi- cioiydy.. At the Grass Wharf haycock was doing all ho knew to get his boat through the- water, dashing in his fculls with a short, jerky stroke of 517\. ilanl.in, in tbo meanwhile, was taking, matters as easily as possible, and maintained Ida lead with no apparent effort. Whenever the An tipodean made a spurt llardnn shot in six or seven telling strokes, und gained any lost ground again, immediately slowing down onge more to his long steady stroke. They passed the "mile point in the following times: — Hanlan, 4 juin. 43 sc.?.; Laycock, 4 inin. 59 sec. At this point of the iourney the continuous exertions made by the Australian seemed to begin to tell upon him, and ho still struck short and ' jerky, and showed no improvement in his form, On the other hand, the Canadian sculler was looking ab.oiit him, at tho people on tho banks, und sculling leisurely along at fully . throe lengths ana a half ahead. Neither of tho oirsinen seemed to aire to got fur over to tho Surrey side, Hun Ian ospc», dully, apparently preferring imd-atroara, while Laycock' did not get xnore ,than scvon yards Snrreywards from tho line cut out by the Cham pion. As they approached tho Crab Tree the Canadian still .pmintnincd the Raino lead, and looked about hiin as coolly as ever, while Lay cock, in " recovcrine," caught tho water once or tyrico with his Lladc3, which considerably retarded his progress. At tho Crab Treo' (time Banian 0 niin. 12 hoc., Laycock 6 min, -20. see), tho Toronto man had a gnoJ three lengths' lead in his favor. At this bart of tho river the'bunks worn simply lined with spoctators, every prominent point being literally alivo with people who had come together to get a view of tho struggle fit u critical stage. Tho visitors cheered - the men lustily. Thissecmcd togivcaspur to Laycock, who dashed in his sculls freely and made a bold effort to recover his lost ground. Hanlan, however, not to bo taken unawares, responded immediately, and " lying down " to his work for eomo dozen strokes ho shot ahead again at once, and held his opponent until the Australian's spurt had died away. In responso to. a cbeor from the crowd assembled on tlic Soap WorkH-bridge Hanlan ducked his head and laughed, but Laycock whs apparently too intent upon the business in hand to take any notice. The Soap Works .wore passed by tho .leader in 7 min: 39 sec., and by his op. ponont in 7 min. 48 sec. After passing the Soap Works, Laycock steered rather too closely into tho Surrey side, which necessitated bis making a rather wide dctnur to ro through .the centre- arrJi of 'Hammorsraith-bridge, as spocified in the articles. Tho bridge itaclf presented a somewhat curious spectacle, as it had been entirely cleared of people, this being the first occasion such a step has been taken except on the -anniversary of tho Oxford and Cambridge University Match. The sides of tho structure, howevor, and tho towing-path for somo distance wore literally packed with eightsccrs, who kept up a con stant round ot cheering. At this stago of tho race it was quite apparent that Laycock was. rapidly 'tiring, and when somo 150 yard? below Hammersmith-bridge Hanlan must havo led by fully four lengths. As tbo pair nearecl the bridgo tbe enthusiastic and hearty cheering of tbo people onco again seemed to put new life into tho Australian, who spurted with terrific' vigor, and by this means managed to shorten his opponent's lead to two lengths and a half, but the effort' soon died away again, and it was but too patent that the champion cog Id do pretty well as ho liked. Tho time to Hammersmith- bridge was — Hnnlan, 9 min. 19 sec. ; Laycock, 9 min. 28 sec. Off the Doves Hanlon stopped rowing altogether, lookcTl round, and went on again. . This was tho nearest approach to the antics ho performed on a former occasion observable throughout the race; fie "did not stop to mop bis boat-out, or to lie down in bis craft, but simply contented himself with rowing away as soon as Laycock endeavored to get on torms witirhim, and then slowing down to an easy swing. The plucky Australian, though he naturally flagged now and again, kopt pegging nwny with surprising energy, and never onco failed to respond to the signals of hie pilot in tho cutter. About tbo top of Corney Reach it could bo seen that the ti le was exceptionally slug gish, and hero tbe labors of the Australian Her- cules began to tell considerably upon him. # Tho banks of tho stredm at tho Foint were thickly crowded with spectators, and the river with small craft. The greatest excitement prevailed, and there wore many cheers and encouraging shouts raised for' tbo Antipodean Soulier. At this stage of tho race tho result appeared such a certainty that nn offer of 100 to 2 against Laycock was rnadg upon one of the steamers without finding an acceptor. Just off the woIFknown timber pile, the scene of the Mlackman and Riley collapse, Laycock had contrived to draw up- very considerably, but it was clearly evident that it was insufficient to do him any good, as Hanlan once again dashing in liis sculls placed a cquplo of lengths of clcar water between tho boats, and was then again busy with his pleasant task of acknowledging the cheers and salutes of tho onlookers, In this order tho race progressed. At Chiswick Church —time, Hanlan, 14 min, 54 see.; Laycock, 15 min. 4 sec. —the Toronto sculler led -by throe lengths, - and was going oasily, while the Australian vas keeping up bis old slogging pace of 36. Just off Thorneycroft's \iorka Hanlan gave what was perhaps tho -best example of his style of rowing that he had given at any period throughout tho race. Ho. was only striking about 30 to the minute, hut he was using t his slide to the fullest extent, und it was ex ceedingly pretty, to see twy neatly he handled his sculls and dragged Ihn threugh tho water, and the amount of speed he got on his boat with apparently little effort. Off tho Waterworks tho wind, which .was blowing nearly ahead of tho menj caught Hanlan's Wind sail and slewed him. out into the river. 4 However, he kept on quite undaunted, while Trickott certainly mado a mis- take in keeping Laycock bugging the shore bo loug. From this point it was patent that no further spurt was to bo looked for at tho hands of the Sydney sculler. He had been rowing a won derfully game race, buLit was evident that he was no possible match for Hunlan's great speotl, and as the "procession " wended its way through Barnes -tho Toronto man got more and more to tho fore, eventually landing a winner by four1 lengths. Tho time to Barnes- bridge wa3— Han lan, 21 min. 13 sec.; Laycock,' 21 min. 24 see.; and for tbe full courso— Hanlan, 25 min. 41 Bee. ; Layccck, 25 rain. 50& sec. Both men were vociferously cheered at tho end of the race, ' People who havo been keenly watching tho conrse of events in tho acquptic world for years past must have been .very considerably, puzzled by the extremely curious turn matters have taken from timo to time with regard to the raco of yesterday. At on® period it 'seemed to be almost univ6rsally supposed that Laycodk would moke a bold fight with his Canadian rival, and there were not wanting partisans .to assert that tho acknowledged "stuying " powers of the An tipodean were likely to enable him to wear down tle Torontonian; who baa been supposed to re quire a rest at some part of the jouruey. Since the adjournment resolved upon on 22nd January, however, on which occasion, it will be remem bered, all wagers were "off" on account of fch6 postponement extending over a Sunday, there have been found few willing to support the Sydney sculler for any. amount of money. Indeed, some of bis most ardent supporters were the most clamorous in demanding ruinous odds, and they asked for prices which led persons to observe tbat they must feel their man possessed scarcely, the ghost of a chance. Still, all the while it was declared that Laycock was in tho best of health, and was rowing even better than he did when be defeated Blackman, Hosmer and Riley. There can bo no question about tho fact that the ex- Bushman showed up in his best style yesterday. When he got to the post he seemed to bo trained to tbo minute, and he started leisurely, it is true, as is always his wont, bat with a power and de termination which seemed to indicate that. he in- '(ended stubbornly contesting tho. battie to tbe bitter end. For a mile,' or perhaps .rather more, ho mado excellent time, and that on a tide which could not be described as of the best. . Ho was smart at his work, but tliero was an onoriqons difference between liis execution and tbat of his rival. Laycock docs ; not catch tho water so readily as his late anta gonist, his scull -blades appeared to drop into the water when almost lovol with his rdwiocks, and thereby it is patent ho must lose much. Again he seemed to bang rather before recovering. Ho must be awarded tho highest credit for the dash and vigor with which he rushes bis sculls through the water, and for tbe rapidity with which, when ho has onco started, ho settles down- to work again. In short, speaking generally, ho rowod a most plucky and deterioinoa race yesterday, and his courago was cb. much to be admired as .whs tho Twitriofcic feeling which prompted, hi ro to make an' effort under discouraging circumstances . to avenge tjio defeat of a comrade,, and to uphold tbo honor and renown of the colony whenco he hails. So far as Hanlan is concerned we do not desire to say much. His praises have been sounded in the Sportsman times and oft, and wc can add no more thnu that our opinion is un altered, viz., that he is the most accomplished sculler, the present age has seen. Ho began rather awkwardly yesterday, for the simple reason that he broke liis best sculb on Friday and had to row with a pair which -scarcely suited him. When he onco settled down quietly to work, hbwever, there was observable all that splendid finish aud skill for which ho has- become so deservedly famouo, and which en abled him to snatch an easy victory from, a determined and, up to that time, exceedingly fortunate antagonist. Tbo race was a gallant ono froin beginning to end, and fittingly wound up an aquatic season tho like of which has not been known in England for tiiany yean5, and which rally not bo equalled for a long time to come. 