A GHOST OF THE .SEVENTEENTH CENfTlTHY. About a milo from Ilagley, bordering on tho old Roman ridgway, were the re mains of the humbln priory of Cookbill, tho dormitory and offices of tho nuns being formed into a plain farndiouso, to raise find roof which tho adjoining chapel had been despoiled. Hero lived a worthy couplo, old John Blade, awl Alice, his sister, Alice had long boon ailing, but no one could tell why, During tho day sho was cheerful, but as night camo on alio fell into a grievouB Bweat, and could scarcely contain herself for fear, and sat by the blaring hearth with her eyea iixed, starting at overy sound. For lack of rest and food sho one day foil into a deep swoon, and was put to bed ; whereupon she waked, and seeing that sho was in her usual chambor ad joining tho chapel, she struggled to escape, crying that no mortal should keep her there, Tier brother, fearing that she was possessed, had her tied to tho bed, and acquainted Parson More, thou at Bagloy, whohadmuch repute with humble folk in allaying disorders. Dr, More was brought by Lady Con way, and after much porsuasion and shrinking, Alice filado described to thein how, on three several occasions in that room sho had seen, at the stroke of twelve, a waving figure in a black habit, with the face bound up as if for burial, and that the said figure had afterwards beckoned to her as she was binding fagots on tho chapel flags ; and, " mithered as I was," aaded Alice, " I could but fol low, till sho sank under tho stones at the window end, and on that spot I hear singing and sighing evory day." Lady Conway and Dr, More soothed the suf ferer,' and tho eager interest of tho visitors in any manifestation of spirit ualism afterwards caused Henry Afore to examine very carefully, under Alice's | guidance, tho placo where the apparition disappeared. It was a plain slab, about 2ft. square ; and bending with his ear to I tho ground, there certainly came at in ! tervals a sound like a sigh or a murmur. For a moment that pale and thoughtful face flushed; thon it was turned to Lady Conway. "Our senses are readily deceived," he said; " this may be but a counterfeit of nature-John Hlade, bear a pickaxe this way if ye have one." The slab was upheaved, nnd proved to bo the entrance to n passage or vault ex tending cast and south. Procuring it lad der, and holding a roll of lighted flax set in oil, Tlenry More descended. lie saw somo human remains beneath the tomb of Lady Isabel de lieauchamp, and else where ; and at the entrance, in a fair state of preservation, was a plain elm coffin, having burnt in the lid: " Mar garet Dyson, 1573, R.I.P." The mys terious noise was easily explained; for the ground was covered by several inches of water, oozing from a point near the sur face, where a fragment of stone jutting out intercepted the rill, and from this projection the water, dropping at inter vals, caused a gurgling, sighing sound to reverberate. Alico fcliido became easier in mind, but without manifest disease bur body grew weaker; and when Valentino Great rake was called to her bedside, to feeble was the action of her heart that tho attendant thought she was gone. This wonderful doctor began by murmuring a few mjii tences in a jdaintivu tone, taking her left hand meanwhile. "Whereupon the sufferer ojitued her ayes and smiled; and after a while he re peated those strokes and passes for which no is so famous. He then inquired whether aha would show him tho Malvern Hills; when, to the wonderment of those present, Alice, being dressed, jjiessntly walked quickly out of ths house, and did aa he desired. Nor was there any return of her ailraenta, for Job Heritage, who w&8 then bailiff at the home-larm, saw her as a very old woman vearsafterwards, and gave these particulars to Popharn .Seymour, 