I \- J—00— ^ IS TOT MINING TOWN.' BT Rosa HARDWICK THOBPJS. <A*thor of "Curfew Must notRiog to To-night.') the last time, darling," he gently said, At b* kissed ber lips like the cherries re J, While • fond look shone in hie eyes of brow*. «i jjy own ifi the prettiest girl In town, TO-MOITOW "ft® bell from the tower will ring ~ A joyfol peal. Was there ever a king 80 truly blest on his royal throne, Ai I shall be when I claim my own?" •Twas a iond farewell; 'twas a eweet good-bye, Bat she watched him go with a troubled sigh. 80 lnte the basket that swayed and swung O'er theyawhing abyes, he lightly sprung, And the joy of her heart se >med turned to wee, As they lowered him into the depths below. Her sweet young face, wi'h its trerses brown, Was the fairest face in th* mining town lie J toe morning came but the marriage bell High in the toper, rang a mournful knell F«r the true heart buried 'neath earth and stone, Far down in the heart of the mine—alone. A sorrowful peal on their weddiug day, , for the breaking heart and the heart of cloy. A»d the face that looked from her tresses brown Was the saddest face in the mining town. Thus time rolled along on its weary w*y, Until ftfty yean witb| their shadows grey - Had dirkend the the light of her sweet eyes, flow Aad had turned the brown of her hair to enow. Oh! nsver a kisB from a htstand's lip& Or the clasp of child's sweet finger tips, Had lifted one moment the ehadows brown Fm the saddest heart in the mining townr Far down in the depths of the mine, one day, In the looBened earth they were digging away, They dircorered a face, so young, so fair; From the the smiling lip to the brightfcrown hair, Untouched by the Singer of Time's decay. When they dww him up to the lighiof daj, The wondering people gathered 'round To gaze at the man thns strangely found. Then a woman oaue from among iht orowj, „ With ber long white bitr and tier flight forta bowed { She silently knelt by the form of clay, Aad kissed the lips that were cold and grey, Than, the sad, old face with }ts snowy hair " On his youthful bosom lay pillowed tbeie. He had found her at last, his waiting bride, And the people burted them side bj side. WAY OF THB WORID. Determined beforehand, we gravely pi'stend To aik the opinions and thoughts ot a friend; Should his differ from ours on any pretenoe, We pity his want of both jn1|.« ntnt and s«n» j But If he fells into and flatten our plan. Why, really, we think him. a sensible man, A GOOD TEMPBR, Ehe tamed her «>ft blue eyes on me, With such a look forlorn: "Sweet love," she whispered "dont you see You're trcadiug on my corn!" THE RUSTIC POET. "Tls midnight, and the setting sun Is rising iu the wide, wide west, The rapid rivers slowly run s 'I he fog is on his downy nest; The pensiv* ghost and sportlre oowj Hilarious hop from bough to bough," STRIKE WHILE THE IRON'S HOT. By one decisive argument Tom gained the lovely Kate's oonsent To fix the bridal day. "Why in such haste, dear Tom to wad ? Iehali not change my mind,' ehe said, "But }hen," Bays he I may." TABLES TURNED. 'Kill me, Will," «ang Marguerite, To a pretty little tune, Holding up her dainty mouth, Sweet as rotes bom in June. Will was tan yeara old that day, And he pulled ber golden curls Teastngly, and answer made— " I'm too old. I—dont kiss girls.'* Tea yeara passed, and Marguerite Smiles as Will kneels at her feet, Gating fondly in her oyes, Fraying, 'Won't you kiss m», swe»t 'Bite is seventeen to-day; With the birthday ring ehe toys For a moment, then replies— "I'm too old I dont klu boys." SQUIBS AND CRACKERS. Too much, cheek shows deficiency ef brain ; for Nature does not give lavishly «f both. A wise head hath a Btiil tongue. He wooed and she wouldn't. She cooed; fcnt he coldn't. A troubled conscieiiee is the toothache •f the mind, Either have mind enough to speak well, •r judgement enough to keep Biient. Young ladies who play croqut are fcnewn as "ladies all for lawn." The book of life is in one volume, and •it edition. Woman shows ber fondness for the »nity by always wanting to be won. The greatest glory is in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. Never tell secrets in a cornfield—think •f the ears. lock of hair from a young woman's Jrtad's often a key to a youn^ inu'j heart A bank-note is bet'er than hard money, bfetflM) if yon fqW U you fin^ it in<»cr*t*er< 4 I . • J J E v I l 1 1 1 1 . ' ' PUBLISHED EVERY " TUESDAY, THURSDAY, AND SATURDAY. ' Gourt noman's favorfear no man's frown SATURDAY MORNING. 1TJBB. 19, 1881. 