(DtiQitwl M*. ( Written expressly for the SoutJiern Argus.) THE HOUSE WITH THE CROOKED CHIMNEYS. By H. A. St. Bcxton. [Author's rights reserved.] (Continued from our last ) Chapter XXI. Mrs, Brown's Story. Mre. Brown paused for an instant and ! looked warningly at Mrs. Lee, who just j then appeared in the door-way. Quite ?. at a loss to understand the scene before , her she stood stock still, looking from j one to the other. There was a dead silence in the room for a moment ; then Mrs. Wilson, who was unaware of the cause of the break in Mrs. Brown's i story, withdrawing her fixed look from the long snuff of the tallow caudle, : turned her eyes all ablaze, and her J colourless face which was white and ' livid even to the lips, fell on Mrs, ! Brown, and said, scarcely above a whis per ; yet every syllable fell on the ears of her two listeners distinct and clear as a bell, and seemed to cut them as if they were stabbed with a knife, ' and that's how Harry Muir first came to know Kate Bees, Mrs. Brown.' ' Then you knowed Rose's father end mother, Mrs, Wilson !' said Mrs. Brown with undisguised astonishment, in a j voice many tones higher than she had spoken during the evening. * Yes ; but hush ; don't speak bo loud ; have you forgotten that sick child ? You wonld like to hear my history, to know of my acquaintance with your friends. Finish your Story ; then perhaps I may tell you mine — though God knows it is a sad dark one.' And with her hand pressed to her heart to still its violent throbbinge, Mrs, Wilson leaned forward in her chair, and drank in eagerly the rest of Mrs. Brown's story. Taking up the thread just where she had broken off, Mrs. Brown soon finished her tale. ?Through bringing they things Harry just came to know Kate Rees. His step-mother wouldn't speak to either of 'em after they was married ; 'cause she ?was so cross with him for marrying a poor girl, when she wanted him to have her niece, who'd got a large fortune, and was in love with him. He didn't care for that ; he knowed his step-mother liked him no better nor he liked her, I told you we expected Harry and his wife and child to come down to Cornwall. Well one evening in summer, just after tea, Zeke and me was sitting in our garden, talking about 'em when the gate was opened, and such a tall, grand gen tleman, and a little lady, dressed in a blue muslin dress, I thought she was a little girl at first, came in, leading a child between them. Zeke and me got up and looked hard at 'em as they corned rp the garden, wondering who they could be, when the gentleman took off his hat to me, and I seed his curly hair, and I said, ' Why j&eke;, don't you know him ? Its Harry Muir !' And so it was, and bis wife and little Rose. Ob, wasn't he glad to see us, and wasn't we pleased to see him and his pretty little wife. Oh, she was such a little beauty, Mrs. Wilson, Rose is exactly like her ; -mly her mother had beautiful brown eyes. She was such a dear little thing, so merry and bright. I couldn't help loving her the first minute I seed her. At first Rose was shy of me ; but she'd heard of Aunt Grace and Uncle Zeke, so we soon got to be good friends. Harry hired a furnished house not far from us ; he meant to stay the rest of the summer; 'cause his wife's health was rather bad and the doctor thought it would do her good to live in the country for a little while. I can't tell you how happy we all was they two months, Mrs. Wilson ; the only trouble we had was 'cause we knowed it wouldn't last, and that we'd be more lonesome than ever when they went away. I a'pose 'twas wicked of us to murmur like that ; but Rose and her mother seemed like our own children to Zeke and me, and we didn't want to part with 'em.' Chapter XXII. Mrs. Brown's Stort (Continued.) * Well, three days afore they was to leave Cornwall, Harry was took ill. We fetched the doctor, and he said that the captain had got a fever. We stayed with Mrs. Muir, both Zeke and me. The doctor did all he could for him, so did all of us ; but he got worse and worse every day. He was out of his head most of the time, so he didn't know that his dear little wife he was always calling for was sitting day and night by his bed. We all tried to make her go to bed and get some sleep, but she wouldn't leave Harry for ten, minutes, though the doctor told her she would be ill herself if she didn't git some rest. She only shook her het-d and stayed on nursing her husband, looking like a ghost. She kept up as long as she could, but one night the fainted right off, so we carried her out and put her on a bed, and when she was coming to, the doctor gave her some thing to make her sleep. Zeke and me watched Harry that night ; both of us fitayed up 'cause he seemed worse than ever he'd keen. He kept on talking about all sorts of things ; but he didn't know what be was saying. By and by he went to sleep, and we sat so still for fear we'd wake him. About midnight he opened his eyes and made signs for us to come dose s-j h m '.V- .;' '. :':. . lie wanted, and bts »i«-i-t^ --- ?? j ? is wife. We t4-.]c ; ?'.:?; :?..-??.; -. I sleep. He said, * I'm so gla2j for 1 i }-=,r tittia cM-i .' I-.i^r J^. ,.,;;►, ..... :? ! ?;9 smi tu li.ez: ivi^:: L'i- £?-:.'-.. v. .:.': ! you ? They'll have nobody but you, Zeke, »nd Aonty Grace lo care for them when I'm dead. You won't let them want, will you ? Promise me you'll love them and take care of them for my sake; that you'll be father and mother to my precious wife and child. I know my hours are 'numbered, and this pro mise will make my dying bed happy. God -bless you, dear old Zeke, God bless you, -Aunty Grace!- May He reward you a thousand fold for all the love you have ever shown me, and the generous promise you make me for my dear ones.' Zeke and me promised all he asked us, then we tried hard lo make him telieve he'd get- well' agen. 'Twas no use, he knowed he'd die soon ; and the captain was right, for early next morning we seed - he was dying. We opened the winder 'cause he wanted to. see the sun rise, and we lifted him up in his bed, then we brought little Ro3e in her night dress and i-et her on the bed beside him, and his wife sat on the other Bide hold ing him in her arms, and Zeke and me stood close by. We'd said good-bye the night before, but we kissed him agen, and he whispered to us to mind our promise. Then just as the sun shone clear in at the winder, the brave handsome captain died. Oh, Mrs. Wil sou, it nearly broke our hearts to see poor Kate when she knowed her hus band was dead. She wouldn't let him out of ber arms, but sat looking at him with wild eyes, and her face was set as if it was made of stone She couldn't cry, she didn't shed a tear vill the day Harry was buried. Then when he was put in his grave she cried as if her heart would break, We brought her and little Rose home with us and tried all we could to comfort her. 'Twas no use, she grieved and pined away, and afore Harry had been dead three months sbe was laying by bis aide.' There was not a dry eye in the room as Mrs. Brown ceased speaking. She herself fairly broke down at the remem berance of her past sorrows. Mrs. Wilson seemed scarcely satis fied with the finish, for she asked after a short pause, * then ever since Mrs. Muir died, you hare had the care of Rose, Mrs. Brown ?' ' Yes, Mrs. Wilson, afore poor Mrs. Muir died, we promised her the same as we'd promised Harry, that we'd be mother and father to her little orphan.' 'But why was she left to you ? why did not Mrs. Muir leave her child to the care of her only sister ? Did she never give you ber reasons for not doing ~ so ? Did she never speak of her sister to you, Mrs. Brown ?' said Mrs. Wilson, t peaking sharp and short, as if the utterance of the words hurt her. 'Ye6, Mrs. Wilson, but she never said much about her. She told me sbe didn't know where she was, she hadn't teen her since the day she was married. And she said if ever I met her sister I was to give her her love, and saj tbat she hoped to meet ber in heaven. That was all 'cept that I was to give her a letter she wrote a week afore she died. I've got it now, and one for Rose too ; that she's to have when 'she's nineteen j that'll be next month, if she lives as long, poor darling !' * A letter for Kate Muir's sister, did you say, Mrs. Brown ? Written just before she died. Where is it? Have you it still in your possession, Mrs. Brown? Have you never in all these years met that sister and given up Tour trust?' * 'Tis fifteen years ago since poor Mrs. Muir writ tbat letter, and I never yet heard of Mary Rees ; that's the name on the letter ; but,' said Mrs. Brown, fixing her eyes searchingly on her com panion's face, * it strikes me she must be married, and I don't think I'il be far out if I say that her name is Mrs. Wilson ! What do you think Mrs. Lee ? Ain't I right ?' Mrs. Wilson had been sitting with her back to the door ; and not until Mrs. Lee was appealed to by Mrs. Brown, had she the slightest idea of her presence. She started up, and faced Mrs. Lee, as she advanced into the room, holding on to the back of the chair, she listened with breathless attention as Mrs. Lee said very gently, * My dear Mrs. Brown, Ihe real, true answer to your question rests with Mrs. Wilson alone. Yet, judging from what you have told us to night, I should say that your surmiBe-is correct. I am more inclined to think so, as it would explain what has been a mystery to me so long, the . reason for Mr? , Wilson's fainting when she first saw Rose.' . 4 Yes, Mrs. Lee, yes, Mrs. Browu, you are both right. I cannot deny it, I was Mary Rees, I. am Rose Brown's, I mean Rose Muir's aunt; Yet God who hears me now knows that I never knew it till this night, though it was the sight of her, so like her. dead mother, and not the beat, wb'eh made me ill, when I saw her for the first time in this house. It gave me a turn as if I had seen a -;ho8t. For a moment I forgot myse'f and believed it was my sister who stood smiling so sweetly at me. I suppose jou are wondering why I did not try to discover if there was any reason why that young girl should bear such a re markable resemblance to my only sister. I thiuk your wonder will in a measure ceast- when I have given jou, that is if you care to hear it, a slight sketch of my past life. I will endeavour to tell you in as few words as possible what I have never yet breathed into human ear, what I would gladly now recall did I not feel that I ought to do so, to clear my dead si.ster's memory from a shadow of blame.' '--. '? ?!??.-. !?.-?-? -rr n'7 Mr? !-' ry .????:. -? - u ]-? ? :-h- X , : ?'.-;?- ':.'.£ .-??_ '.Air. .v : ? Wii. . ; i~ .. ? . --? ^?'. ??-?..-. :...: -?-??:.; . .-'-Za ^~:^t-i.i i 