[?] PARTNERS: ? A TRUE STORY. ; BY A COUNTRY ATTORNEY. ? CHAPTER Via. v., ..- ' , WiESK Mr; Parohment left Slooum ho had ! not. ontirely severed his oonneotion with the district; and 'a few days previously to tlie proposal of mariiagb ' mado by Mr. Hooky, he had returned for some temporary purpose of his own. -When he had been : in business at Slooum he had been tho legal adviser : of Mrs. Hardgrove ;: arid therefore it was only natural that she should employ him to arrange the necessary preliminary settlement before making the leap in the dark whioh a matri monial venture usually is. - Aooordingly, be called upon Mr. Hooky, and that ' gentle man roeeived him with tho lofty oourtesy ?which was his distinguishing oharaoteristio. I am happy to be informed,1' observed Sir. Parohment, after soma preliminary con versation, ' that this ia purely a lovomatoh.' ' Oh, 'oertainly,' hastily interposed Mr. Hooky, ' one of those spontaneous develop ment's of the tender :passion of whioh poets dream'; and which only middle aged men who have searched vainly, during a barren five and forty weary years of ^ loveless existence, for sympathy, can fully appi'eciato.' ? 'Just so,' said Mr. ? Parohment, 7' these noble sentiments do' you infinite honour, Mr* Hooky ; allow me to grasp your 'hand and congratulate you upon having nobly won a woman who, in spite of hor poverty, is alike worthy of .SilaB Hooky Esquiro and worthy of the elevated' sentiments of which he is inwh a bhbico exponent.' ]'. 'Poverty! Mr. Parchmont, I don't exactly Understand.' ' ' . . ' 'Nay,* nay, affect not' ignoranco of that which must bo known to you in common, with aU those who are privileged above the common herd in , boing admitted ' to : the iiitimaoy of the fair widow of. Pino Vina.' ? ... 'Upon_my soul, Mr. Parohment, you are speaking in enigmas, will you bd ' good enough to cxplainf'.'' ' ' .''Well, well, as you persist in your assumed ignorance, I 'm! begin' at the beginning. 1 You' 'must ' know, then, that when . old Hardgrove died he made a will. But, here — X have tho draft with me, it will explain all.' Silas Hooky read the draft will, and then ?aid: 'Mr. Parohment, this-is-really most ex traordinary.'; 'The ' very words -I' used to the late lamented Hardgrove,' remarked Mr. Paroh ? ment. ' . 'Tha infernal old scoundrel!' said Mr. Hooky. ... ... 'The infamous oldiioary-headedassassin,' said Mr. Parohment. ' Then she will be absolutely penniless,' Mid Hooky. ' Absolutely,' said Parohment. ; ?? , ' But she must have saved something from her income,' oontinued Hooiy. '.It was. all invested in the HappyQo Imoky BankJ'.' returned Parohment. ' 'And that institution has smashed,' mused Hooky. . ' Smashed,' assented Parohment. 'Mr. Parchment,' said Hooky in tones of the saddest melanoholy, 'mv belief in human nature is. shattered. Human per fectibility is a baseless dream. I feel that the poetry of oxiatenco is a thing of the past, and that selfishness and egotism havo taken the.plaoetof. that tender consideration for others, whioh it is : my . consolation to think . that : I, at'least, have kept ever fresh . and unsullied. My mind is made up. ' I will sacrifice myself on the altar of duW. If I were to marry Mrs. -Hardgrove, ana then to die, I would never forgive myself . , What Would beoome of her under these oiroum stanoesP I shudder to - think of it. No,' continued the eloquent Hooky, as lie warmed to. the subjeot, 'I will never oowent to injure the woman I love by asking' hei to ?hare my poverty. ? She'is free— free as the ?ir! Tell ner that' Silas ' Hooky, Esquire, While his heart is breaking, 'yet recognises the imperative oalls.of that unwritten oode of honour whioh rewards this ssiorifioe. /Tell her,' he oontinued in broken accents, 'that Silas Hooky Esquire will not stand in tho way of - her. marrying some one who shall be worthy of her ; some one who may give her the wealth whioh fit has not to offer; but who oanriot'Bestbw upon her the, wealth of affection whioh henoeforth will be buried in this blighted heart,', and Mr. Hooky struok \- that part of his anatomy wHioh is supposed tj cover the organ^of the affections. Mr. P*r®imont was deeply moved by suoh self abnegation on tho. part of Hooky. He eould haMly find words to express his sonso of the estimation in .which he held that gentleman, and, in taking his' leave, his agitation was apparent in the faot that he had to cough several times to keep down the lump in his throat. However, he seemed to reoover himself very quickly, and, : by the time hehadgained the street, his face bore more indication' of laughter thim pf tears. ' As for Mr. Hooky, he borigratulsited himself npon the ability and address with whioh he. had retired . from a somewhat difficult position.' .v..: , .Upon : leaving Mr. Hooky's office, Mn Parohment returned to Hne Villa, and re ported the result of his interview with that conscientious gentleman. ?' 1 ' V ' Andjso, after all -his protestations, ho fofuses to marry, mo P' said Mrs. Hardgrove. ' Well, he did not absolutely refuse; but he said that you were free, wluoh is tanta mount to the same thing.'. I'-^e , faithless, man ! After exhausting ? toe language of love in protestation, of his affection, and nearly, killing my poor 6at- he now withdraws;' but, I will be j at least,1 avenged. Mr; Hboky shall hot trifle - with my affections with impunity; aiid Mr. 'Walker 'shall be 'my adviser. I shall sue \- him for breadh of promise— damaged £2000.' ,' 'The question is;' observed Mr.:Paroh meat, smiling, as ho helped himself ; to anoth'eir lump of sugar, ' how* muohdamage haveypti sustained?' '} Yes, troe, let mosob,' mused the widow, ' ojne; afternoon- wasted in listening: to his ? declaration — that is eo much' to tha dsbit ; 1- ub against. that I must, simply plaootho value of the amusement the interview affordod mo— andl then, I think, I will really remain, on thije count, Kr, ' You certainly oannot prove liquidated aama^ea there,' said IXr, Parohment. '?No, dearly not, then I must fall back upon the damage done to my oat,' and at the reminisoonces, induoed by the mention of that unfortunate animal, tho two conspira tors, for suoh they undoubtedly were, laughod heartily. ? 1 , CHAPTER IX. morning after. the events rotated in the last ohapter was a very important ono for Mr. Walker; as the .post brought tho intelligonoo of the death of his unole, to whose, bounty . hp . was indebted for his annuity; and,, ho thus learnt, that he. was the owner of several extensive oattle stations in Queensland, and 120,000 sheop in Riverina. J ust as he was finishing the perusal of this lotter, Mr. Hooky stepped in, and he was about to inform that gentleman of his good fortune, when tho latter opened the conver sation by relating his intorview with. Mr. Parohment. Jim's feelings at this recital were'of a very mixed nature, indeed but, suoh as they wore, they led him to make up his mind to say. nothing at all about his suooession to' his uncle's property. His. feelings with regard tp Hoolqr -wero those of mixed , envy and , contempt. If Hooky was to be behoved, Mrs. Hardgrove was in lovo with that astute gontloman ; and Jim's heart was bursting with onvy, whilo ho had great difficulty in resisting his inclination to kick tho selficomplaoent narrator, as ho proceeded' to unfold tlio position of affairs in his own, peouliar, style. Tho conduot of Hooky he considored in the last degree con tomptiblo/. The wUl, as oxplainod by Hooky, was simply infamous. Tho principal foature of it was, that within threo years from tho death of the tostator, his widow was to marry a man worth £10,000, and of an ago at least equal to that which tho tostator .would have reached had ho lived until tho date men tioned ; failing whioh thei whale of tho pro perty was to be vested in trustees for tho benefit of the Kirk, and for tho propagation of the Qosnel nmnnc fTlft Rfifldwinh Talnnrlava Suoh a_ monstrous will Jim had never heard of ill hia life j and ho was burning with indig nation as he took up his pen to write a letter to Mrs. Haridgrove, asking her to marry him right off,' explaining that he knew her posi tion and that he was now a wealthy man and an infinite number of othor things whioh flashed through -his brain, warmed his imagination, and tinged with couleur At rosi his future. Btit he did not go very far in his epistolary adventure before ' he stopped, rubbed the bridge of his nose thoughtfully with the handle of his pen, and said to him self— ' H — m i' rubbed the right side of his nose, and then, with an air of profound con viotion said — 'Oh!' tore tho letter into a thousand pieoes arid walked- out. He went straight to Pine Villa where he found Mrs. Hardgrove working in the garden with a large straw hat on and looking moro oharming than ever. ? 'Mrs Hardgrove, I hava come to say good-bye.'. ? ' You surprise mo Mr. Walker' — and the voioe seemed, a little tremulous — ' but why should I be surprised, as l am going to leave the dear old place myself.1' 'I have heard of your misfortunes, Mrs. Hardgrove, and I can only say if I oan be of any servioe to you in any way, you have only to oommarid me.' . Mrs. Hardgrove wishing to turn tho con versation, said: .'We,'' then oorreoting her self, 'I was going to say w^ shall miss you very muoh — but I mean the sooiety of Slooum will — will miss you,' and the widow vory nearly broke down. .' ' sooiety of Slooum would'nt miss me, ' said Jim, in desperation, ' if I had as muoh inducement to stay as Mr. Hooky has—' ' What 'iriduoement ' do you mean?' in quired the lady, blushing, in spite of her self. ... ' I mean the regard of one whom he has not the sense to appreciate, or the soul to be worthy of.'. 'I will not affeot to misunderstand you, Mr. .Walker, but you must surely have a low opinion of me if you think I ever bestowed a thought upon Mr. Hooky. I confess, that before I knew that I was utterly ruined by the reoent bank failure, I allowed myself to. play with the sensitivo and tender nature of ' that delightful creature, knowing that I was Eerfectly safe from his attentions bo soon as e was informed of my position.' 'It was a dangerous game to jplay, Mrs. Hardgrove.' ' But I knew the man too well to be at all alanned. I confess it was an imprudent thing to ? do — perhaps unwomanly ; but I was drawn into it by the oomioal surroundings of the position ; and; indeed, I had need to seire every opportunity of forgetting my unhappy lot.' ? She was nervously tearing a rose to pieces ; leaf by leaf it was falling at her feet, and it seemed1 as if she were throwing away some tender recolleotion with each bloom. ' Are you then so very unhappy?' said Jim looking into her byes, while he oaught one of her hands in both of his. No reply and but a faint attempt to draw her hand away. . \- A' Mrs. Hardgrove,' said Jim in a low voioe,' ' you know, better thanCoan tell you, what my feelings are. Before I daroa .to hope that I might ever even touoh your hand I felt attraoted towards you. It was not love,. for then suoh a feeling was impossible; but it was a fasoination. I could no moro banish your image from my heart than I could stop its pulses from beating — as they do now — when I . was consoious of your pre senoe. Tor months I lived a hopeless life, and conoealed from every ourions eyo the passion whioh was oonsummg mo. But from you I o9bld not hide iny heart, and I some times dreamed that you were not displeased at my presumption. When you oalled at my offioe; after that unfortunate letter, youfouhd me plunged in the, deepest abyss of misery and self-abosemont. I never could forgive myself, but you forgavo me without asking. I thought, I fnnoiod, somo subtlo instinot seemed to whisper that' I was not altogether1 indifferent to you ; and then the feelings of I know- not what, whioh was mixed of love, and fasoination, and. despair, seemed at once to tpke possession of me. I felt that I was not worthy- of you. It was not so muoh your wealth, ' but the oonsoiousness that I had played an unworthy part. That my life was a living lie, weighed upon my heart. The talisman of : lovo had showed mo my position in all its deformity, and how oould I, sailing as I was, under false colours, dare to pretend to the hand of a lady euoh as you without laying myself open to the suspioicnof marry ing her for her money.' ? . 'And when Mr. Hooky: enlightened you as to my . poverty,' said Mrs. Hardgrove, as shb inade another feeble attempt to release hbr'harid, '.'you otune to say good-byo.' , 'I pame to know my fate, Mrs. Hard grove ; to know if 'you loved Mi. Hooky as ho led me' to beliove,' Mis. Hardgrove at this point snatohbd away her hand, and made, a little; feminine 'gosturo expressive of disdain. ' 'Don't. insult mo, please, Mr. Walker; don't mention tho .namo of Hooky ooupled irith mine unless you wish mo to loavo you. It was as inuoh to punish yoii' for having allowed yourself to bo led by such a man, that ! jgavo him permission to bestow' upon irio his 'lbathsomo addresses. I hate and despisd him so muoh that I feel as if I could almost hato you for being his partner.' ? ' I-- am - not really nis partner,' said Walker in'1 explanation ; ?? ' wo - were only working together to get at the foolish publio. i put I ' peed ' apt t#]) ? j^oti ! f ashamed of oven that piece of disingenuous ness.' ' And how long is it since your conscience began to trouble youP' said tho lady, smiling. .'Since I felt that I really loved you, and might hope for a return.' ' And when was that f'\ 'When I fanoiad that this little hand,' said Jim,' again making prisoner' the hand4n question ; ' when I fanoied that this little hand- returned tho pressure of my own.' ' Then you loved me sinoe yesterday morning f' 'I hoped sinoe yesterday morning.' ' And you loved mo since when ? 'Since the beginning of oroation,' gaid Jim, impulsively, ' for I boliove we were formed for oaoh other.' ? By that time they wore seated on a rustib form, under the shade of an oriental plane, and for some moments thore was oomplete silence as the lovers looked out over the diversified prospeot of green pasture and wooded slope! Pine Villa was situated about two miles out of Slooum, upon a slight ele vation, which cfavo a charming prospoot of wood and wold. Tho smoke of the Slooum hearths eould be seen stealing into the air over tho'tops of the trees, while the resum bent forms of sheep and oattle. wero diminished by the perspective into blotchoB of oolpur. Neither spoke. Jim had poured out his whole heart in a torrent of words, of whioh he hardly know the meaning, and waited for a response. He watohed tho ex prossive face of his companion, -as a variety of emotions ' seemed to strive with eaon other for _ the mastery. Of ? what was she thinking while she looked out into the distance with thos9 sad, steadfast eyes? what memories wore rising, like the ghosts of a dead past, of those years of love less existence with that hard, old man ? of her warm affections orushed and blighted by her hopeless life ?' of the new vista of possi bilities opening before her in the love of a man who was worthy to be enshrined in tho innermost heart of a - true woman ? What ever were her thoughts they were tinged with sadness ; and her eyos filled with the tears whioh sho oould not suppress. Jim was moved with a sympathetic feeling as he drew her to his heart ; and he was assured of his answer,, for she smiled through h9r tears when he Mssedher,as a muto seal of their oompaot. Wo shall now leave the two lovers to^ talk over matters moro interesting to themselves than to nnybody else while wi enlighten our readers as to some other things whioh have had a considerable bearing on this history. . Jim, like most other people had a father and mother ; but, unlike tho gener ality of men, he had also a half-sister, about three years younger than himself. His mother died when he was an t infant; and his father married tho lady who took oharge of the motherless boy,' and who bestowed as muoh love upon him as sho lavished tipon her own ohild. This is not tho usual way of stepmothers; but the second Mrs. Walker was a kind woman, and she had a heart big enough for both of her ohildren, as she very properly oalled them. The uncle, old Jock MaoPherson, as ho was familiarly called, was his mother's brother. To this eccentric . old baohelor Jim was indebted for his annuity, whioh was, at first, only £100 ; but when MaoPherson heard, accidentally, that Jim gave up £75 of this amount to his step mother and sister, to help them to keep house with their own small income, he made Jim an allowanoe of £200 a year and gave a like annuity to his stepmother. It is as well to mention these little traits about old Jock ; for he prided himself upon being the meanest man in Australia, and he would baok himself to travel from tho Gulf of Carpentaria to Melbourne oheapor than any man in the colonies. Now, although Jim was a very kind hearted fellow, and eo good to his half-sister and stepmother, he was, like most young men, a very bad correspondent. Since leav ing Melbourne he had only written onoe to his sister Mary, and the amount of informa tion she had derived from that epistle was of the smallest. But Mary Wnlker had a good correspondent in Mrs. Hardgrove, who had been an old schoolmate of hers ; and, as is the wont of women, they wroto oaoh other most religiously every week long letters 'containing all sorts of feminine information, and, possibly, somo little feminine scandal. : It was a. source of pure and unalloyed, enjoyment to those two unregenerate women j to think that they had a secret, and that the secrot had something to do with a man. That Jim was perfeotly unoonsoious of being the subjeot of a feminine plot added a zest to their . secret understanding which was simply delioious. We must now return to tholovers, whom wo have left long enough, alono to get over their «first raptures and to settle down to an interesting conversation in which delightful plans of love in a oottage appeared tho aomo of terrestrial bliss. - . 'My dear Nelly,', said Jim, as the lovers rose to stroll through the garden, arm- in- arm, 'you have made me tho happiest man in the world, and the only thing that puzzles mo is how it has all come about.' Mrs. Hardgrove looked up with an arch smile, and said: ' Have you, then, so little confidence in. your own merits as to bp troubled with doubts on the subjeot ?' ' I have no doubt that I adore you, my darling ; but I can't imagine what you oan see in mo to make it worth your while to say you love me.' , , 'Aro you not a. kind-hearted, honest, good-loolang, unselfish dear boy, that I have known for the last— let mo think — ' ' Twenty-four hours,' suggested Jim, as he squeezed her hand. - . ' No,' laughed tho widow, joyously, while a slight blush suffused hor, oheek at Jim's evidontly increasing boldness: , ' Well,' thought Jim, 'I havo only been in Slooum for six months, and it can't be more than that.' ? ' Six months, my love !' ho hazarded. ' No ; £uess again,' said his companion, with a smilo whioh made Jim's hoart beat at high pressure. 'I givo it up,' sighed Jim; 'but havo compassion on my ignorance, and don't keep ine longer in suspense.' ' Two years,' said the widow. ' Two years !' eohoed Jim. ' Why, you must bo a witch,' ho remarked in tones of affected horror, while he made a motion as if he wero about to fly from her; but whioh, by a dexterous flank movement, he changed into enoircling her waist with his right arm. ' And who waB your wretohed informant, 1 my love f' ' A young lady.' ? 'Alas! the mystery is thiokening. lam; a doomed man,' groaned Jim, as his. eyes; sparkled with a mixture of mystifioation and delight. ' Arid her name— what is her unfortunate) name P' ? . j ?J Polly Walker,' said tho widow demurely,' while a lurking smile made her beautiful eyes brightert han ever. ' What !' oried Jim, eagerly ; ' dear old: Polly, my sister ; I didn't know that you knew her.' ' Wo wero sohoolmates, and heve been in' constant correspondence over sinoo we loft Bohool. About six months since, I sent her a sweetheart from Slooum, and she returned the compliment by drawing suoh vivid pio-: tures ofyoUr mental and moral perfections1 that I made up my mind that yon wore alto gether too good for me, and I determined to leavo you severely alono.' i , ' Whioh you accordingly did,' interjootod jOT?.jiui' h i i .ii'.i in'iimi iipiiqBgjjpiaap 'Which I aooordingly did.' said the widow, 'until — ' , ' Until what f' ? 'Until I oould see thai you wore going to break yoiir hoart about it.' ? ' And thon you took oompassion on me.' Those two misguided people wore looking at eaoh othor as if they wero tho solo ooou pants of tho Universe. The garden in whioh they were loitoring was their Eden; Here was no forbidden .fruit and no ' serpent tempting to unknown delights. They loved eaon othor . and that to them was bliss enough; but their love was pure, and tinged with a chivalrous regard for evorything that was host and holiest in woman on his port ; while sho credited .her .lovor with all the manly virtues of a Bayard, ' eitnt ptur et tarn reprocht.' Their interesting lilt & till was interrupted by a light step on the gravel, and a disoreet oough whioh heralded tho appoaranoe of a young lady who tried to look very unoonsoious. as tho .lovers aooom panied her baok to tho house. 'And so,. Polly,' said Jim to his sistor, ' you and Nelly— I mean Mrs. HardgTovo— have been engaged in a oonspiraoy.' .. ' Oh 1 don't bo bashful, Jim,' laughed his sister ; ' oall her Nelly ; I .always call hor Nelly; she likes it. Aa for the oonspiraoy I oonfess my share of it; but I hope you won't feel vory muoh annoyed about it. Poor boy I' she oontinued, in. a tono of assumed melanoholy, 'it has cost you your heart; and you oould ill spare that, for it is' about all you have to bestow.' - 'To punish you two oonspirators,' Baid Jim, severely, ' I shall keep from you a most profound seoret until — well, until this young woman hero changes her name, from Mrs. Hardgrove to Mrs. Walker.' 'And I,' said Mrs. Hardgrovo, with an equal assumption of gravity, 'to punish you for attempting to punish us, will lot you remain, for three weeks, in profound ignor-* anoo of a oiroumstanoo whioh is- of .very great importance to us both.' ' In three weeks we are to be marriod,' said Jim.. \- What tho wdow said, in reply, was lost in the noise of shutting the door as they entered tho house ; but possibly tho march of events will in due course reveal her answer. . (To bt continued.) 