EXHIBITION LETTERS. (Bv GARNET WALOH.) No. 12. TEMPORARY SILENOB—SURMISES—THE TRUE CADSB—ON THH OPERATING TABLE—CELE- BRATED EXCUSES—A SPECULATIVE SCOUNDREL —A HOROLOQICAL SWINDLE—Air HONEST JUROR—THE RED CROSS AND ITS VICTORIES— THE ART OP A DVERTISII,-G. Mea culpa. Mea maxima culpa ! I may as well make a clean breast ol it, tell the truth and shame—myself. You have been languishing, sweet readers, for the raentsl refreshment, cheering but not inebriating, to whioh you have lately been accustomed. You have pined for the want of your epistolary " Vigorine," that doubly-distilled essence of veracity, so bracing to the system You have felt, oonfess it, utterly unhinged and miserable, and not even the latest local scandal could act aB a tonic in the absence of your favorite Exhibition letters. And this is all my fault. Of a verity I feel humbled and contrite in your presence, can but acknowledge! my blaoksliding, and sue most lustily for forgiveness, And the cause—the oause of it all ?—Listen I — I have not been saturating my BOHI with Ozonio Nepenthe at Sorrento sQueenscliff or Lome. I have not been devoting every spare minute to the perusal of the forty-three competitive dramas for the Hamiltonian £250 prize. 1 have not been coaohing Jaok Gardiner in his forthcoming great speeoh on the Differential Calculus in its relations to the Protoplasmic Theory. I have not been preparing the Rev. Mr. Strong's defence againBt the gathering thunderstorm of Presbyterian Orthodoxy. X have not been doing a bit of lay preaching on my own account, " B0per"-ing at the Royal, laying down wood pavement in Collins-street, selling walnuts on the side-walk. I have not beep, lured from the paths of journalistic rectitude by any Will-o'-the-Wisp prospectus of a new newspaper, offering gigantic terms to all and sundry who choose to follow it through bog and mire to the ultimate sbuch of Bankruptcj. I have not been closeted with Graham Berry, dictating his future line of policy, I have cot beea witl) Service in the Peshawur as far as Kiug Guorge's Sound. I have nut made a fortune in Bharee or a failure in an Emasculated lleform Bill. I have not joined either the Great Majority or the Moribund Ministry. 1 have not been in gaol for murdering the Queen's English, richly as I may have deserved it—nr in the hospital through a fracture of any of the ten commandments. What then has absorbed my time—what has prevented me from tha labour 1 so love, my weekly chat with friends from glacier-throned New Zealand to the torrid shores of Carpentaria 1 Simply and solely this.—I have sated the revengeful thirst of " mine enemy," whoever he may be j I have laid myself oalinly, gracefully, on the operating table of the great kill or cure Ecole de v iviseotion j I have bared my manly breast to the fleams of the assembled circle of critics, and Heaven help me, am prepared for the result. In plain language, sweet readers mine, I have pub- lished a book, and the final touches thereof have coBt me both time und anxiety. Not wishing to be accused of using this column as an advertising medium, I refrain fiom further particulars; but there is my EXCUSE ! impugn it irliose list! I think the above genuine statement is more creditable than, if not so witty as, the alliterative excuse tendered to the public by a celebrated English writer who on resuming the chapters of biB story, after a lung interval, informed his readers that his silence was attributable to "a little love, a little law, and a great deal of liquor," or to the more elaborate explanation of the French journalist whose " Excess of Emotion at the decease of a much-beloved mother-in-law" kept him away from work and necessitated a trip to the gaming-tables of Baden- Baden—" whereat," he added "I long sought in vain to allay my acute sorrow by alternately plunging my soul in the fiery flood of * rouge' and the Stygian stream of " Koir." My remarks, in a recent letter, about cheap jewellery, have received considerable emphasis by the bursting of the Rodanow Watch Company bubble, an thoroughly exposed by the Argus. The price-list of this supposed company, emanating frum (i einglo speculative scoundrel in Ainoriea, offered solid silver-cased lever watches, jewelled, tvith monogram engraved, spare mainsprings, glasses, and keys, and a written guarantee for three years, at 17B. each j 18 carat gold watchea at £2 4s., and so on. So plausibly were the advertisements worded, so much stress laid on the fact that the firm " was established in 1649," and had since gained prize medals at all the great Exhibitions, and such caution was exhibited in the matter of remittances " or reference to a Boston House." that many, I fear, have been pulled into sending money to America for these impalpable timekeepers It is lo bo hoped that they (the dupes) and one and all of us, will profit by the lesson, and that henceforth the respectable local firms will be patronised at their legitimate prices, and foreign rogues left to expend their cunning on the desert air. Better pay £5 for a serviceable watch however plain and devoid of extra jewels, than remit half that amount across the rolling seas in chase of a ghost of a ticker, a horological Mrs. 'Arris, a wa'ch not made with hands, tictitous, in the clouds. Another swindle, just exposed by the Arqus, is the manner in which one of the jurors in the seotion " Stationery, Printing, and Books," sought to upset the awards of his fellow jurors by refusing at tirBt to vote in their presence, and nftet 7ards furtively adding a series of "noughts" in order to reduce the total average of the awards, As I, personally, am quoted by the Argus ae one of the victims, and as the injustice really is more glaringly apparent as regards my exhibit than in any of the other cases, I take this opportunity of thanking the gentlemen of '.he jury in the said section—excepting only Mr. Oliver Levey, brother of Mr. George Collins Levey, O.M.G.,—for their honorable conduct in declining to accept the slily-aflixed, and palpably Bpiteful, vote of their high-minded colleague. As for Judas himself—poor remorseful Judas— for I am Btire he must be sorry now he is found out—he can seek consolation either after the historical fashion, or in the society of his noble kinBman. Oh ! Chebomind ! The awards have all been made, and there is the usual six of satisfaction and half a dozen of disappointment. Amongst the principal prizetakers I am glad to aes the Red Cross Company, who bear off chief honors for pickles, sauces, and preserves. I do not forget my promise to give some day a description of the operations carried on by this company. I looked in a short time ago for the purpose, and found no less than the Earl and Countess of Ellesmere and Lord Hervey Phipps g"ing over the works. I am told that they were highly pleased with all they saw, and made favorable comparisons between the Red Cross and other similar factories in the old country. It speaks well for the practical common sense of our aristocratio visitors that they should appreciate our manufacturing industries, and not allow the giddy maelstrom of society to absorb them altogether. The application of the Fine Arts to that still firter Art—the Art of Advertising—is every day beooming more and more fashionable; note the admirable little pictures re Eno's Fruit Suit, drawn by Adelaide Claxton, and published in many of our leading papers. Note also a comical cut of " Before and after," illustrative of the "beneficial effects of Poulton's Electro- Chemical Baths. I thought at first that it represented an individual win had partaken freely of Yan Yean liquid mud, and the same countenance after a refreshing draught of " Mount Maoedon" SpriDg water, which by the way, is now beiug sold in Melbourne in large quantities, much to the delight of all who detest the fluid filth that flows from our taps. 