The Storyteller. The Romance of Sunrise Rock. I. WHAT momentous morning arose with so resplendent a glory that it should hare imprinted its indelible reflection on the face of this great Cumberland cliff; what eloquence of dawn so splendid that the dumb insensate stone should catch its spirit and retain its expression for ever and for erer? A deep rarrow stream flowed around the base of the " paint-rock." Immense fissures separated it from its fellows. And charged with its subtler meaning it towered above them in isolated majesty. Moons waxed and waned; nations rose and fell; centuries came and went And still it faced the east, and still, undimmed by storm and time, it reiterated the miracle and the prophecy of the rising sun. '"Twar painted by the Injuns,—that's what I her always heara telL Them folks war mos'ly leagued with the Evil One. That's how it kern they war gin the grasp ter scuffle up that thar bluff, ez air four hunderd feet high an' es sheer es a wall; it ain't got foothold fur a cockle* burr. I her heara tell that when they got ci high ez the pictur' they war 'lowed by the devil ter stand on air. An' I believes it Else howM they make out ter do that thar job V The hairy animal, whose jeans suit proclaimed him man, propounded this enquiry with a tri umphant air. There was a sarcastic curve on the lips of hi* interlocutor. Clearly it was not worth while to enlighten the mountaineer—to talk of the unknown races whose work so long survives their names, to speculate upon the extent of their civilisation and the mechanical con trivances that reached those diuy heights, to confide his nebulous fancies clustering about the artut-poet who painted this grand rude lyric upon the immortal rock. He turned from the strange picture, suspended between heaven and earth, and looked over the rickety palings into the dismal little graveyard of the mountaineers. Nowhere, he thought, was the mystery of life and death so gloomily suggested. Humanity seemed so small, so transitory a thing, expressed in these few mounds in the midst of the undying grandeur of the mountains. Material nature conquers; man and mind are as nought Only a reiteration of a 'weU-connedlepwn, for so far this fine young fellow of thirty had made a failure of life ; the material considerations with which he had wrestled had got the better of him. and a place within the paungs seemed rather preferable to his place without. It was still strange to John Clearer that his lines should hare fallen in this wilderness ; that the door of that house on the slope of the Back bone should be the only door upon earth open to him; that suoh men as this mountaineer were his neighbours and associates. The fact seemed a grotesque libel on likelihood. Aa he rode away he was thinking of bis cottly education, the srerifices his father had made to secure it, hit dying conviction, which was suoh a comfort to him, that in it he had left his penniless son a better thing than wealth,—with suoh training and suoh abilities what might he not reach! When John Clearer returned from his ro+«Mnl studies in Paris to the Western city of his birth, to scores of charity patients, and to a fine social position by virtue of the prestige of a good family, there seemed only a little waiting needed. Bat the old physicians held on to life and the paying praotioe with the grip of the immortals. And he found it diffioult to sustain **Mitnflt while he waited. [ At the lowest ebb of his fortunes there «ftnt to him a tetter from a young lawyer, much in his own professional position, but who hsd eon fessed himself beaten snd turned slteep-farmer. Here, among the, mountains of East Tsnnsssoo, said the letter, he had bought a farm for a song; the lend was the poorest he ever saw, but served his purpose, and the house wss a phenomenal stueture for these parts—s six-room brick, built fifty years ago by a city man with a bucolic craze and consumptive tendencies. Ths people were terribly poor; still, if his friend would come he might manage to pick up something, for there was not a physician in a circuit of sixty miles. So Cleaver turned his face to the mountains. But nnliktrtne sheep.farmer he did not mast his reverses lightly. The man was at bay. And like a savage thing he took his Hi- fortune by the throat Success had seemed so near that there was something like the pain of death in giving" up the life to which he hsd looked toward with suoh certainty. He could not console himself with this comatose state, and call it life. He often told himself that there wss nothing left but to think of what he might have done, and eat ont his heart His ambition died hard. As his horse ambled along a gruff voioe broke his reverie. " 'Light an' hitch," called out the master of a wayside hovel. A man of different temperament might have found in Cleaver's uncouth surroundings some points of palliation. His heart might have warmed to the ignorant mountaineers' high and tender virtue of hospitality. A responsive respect might have been induced by the contemplation of their pride, so intense that it recognises no superior, so inordinate that one is tempted to cry out, Here are the true republicans ! or, in deed, Here are the only aristocrats I The rough fellow was shambling out to stop him with cordial insistence. An old crone, leaning on a stick in the doorway, called after her son, "Tell him ter 'light an' hitch, Peter, an' eat his supper along of we- uns." A young girl sitting on the rude porch, reeling yarn, preparatory to weaving, glanced up, her sedate face suddenly illumined. Even the bare-footed tow-headed children stood still in pleated expectation. Certainly John Cleaver's position in life waa as false as it was painful. But the great human heart was here, untutored though it was, and roughly accoutred. And he himself had found that Greek and T^ftn do not altogether avail. The little log-house was encompassed by the splendour of autumnal foliage. A purple base clung to the distant mountains ; every range and every remove had a new tone and a new delight. The gray crags, near at hand, stood out sharply against the crimson sky. And high above them all in its impressive isolation loomed Sunrise Rock, heedless of the transitory dying day and the Ineffective coming night, The girl's reel was still whirling ; at regular intervals it ticked and told off another cut Cleaver's eyes were fixed upon her as he declined Peter Teske'a invitation. He had seen her often before, but he did not know as yet that that face would play a strange part in the little mental drama that was to lead to the making of his fortune. Her cheek was flushed ; her delicate crimson lips were slightly parted ; the live gold of the sunbeams touched the dead-yellow lustre less masses of her hair; Here and there the clustering tendrils separated, as they hung about her shoulders, snd disclosed bright glimpses of a red eotton herchief knotted around her throat; she wore a dark blue homespun dress, snd despite the coarse texture of her attire there was something of the mingled brilliance and softness of the autumn tints in her humble presenoe. Her eyes reminded him of those deep limpid mountain streams with golden-brown pebbles at the bottom. Scornful as he was, he was only a man—and a young man. With a sudden im poise he leaned forward and handed her a pretty cluster of ferns and berries which he had gathered in the forest The reel stopped, the thread broke; she looked up, as she received mechanically his woodland treasure, with so astonished a face that it in duced in this man of the world a sense of em barrassment. , "Air they good yerbs lor somethinM" she ttiiktd A quick comprehension of the ludicrous ritua tion flashed through hit mind She evidently made no distinction in the healing art as practiced by him at>d the " yerb-doctor," with whom he occasionally came into professional contact And the presentation of the " yerbs," teemed a prescription instead of a compliment "No,—no," he uid hutily, thinking of the poaribfllty of a decoction. "They are not good for tea. They are of no use,—ezoept to look at" And he rode away, laughing softly. Everything about the red brick house was dis organised and dilapidated; but the dining-room, which •erred the two young bachelors as a sit ting-room also, was cheerful with the glow of a hickory fire and a kerosene lamp, and. although the floor was bare and the tiny.paned .windows curtained only with eobwabv there was a Bug gestively comfortable array of pipes on the mantelpiece, and a bottle of gracious aspect Silting in front of the fire, the light full on his tawny beard and dose-clipped blonde hair, was a gian of splendid proportion*, a fine, frank, in teUectnal face, and a manner and accent that proclaimed him as distinctly exotic as his friend. He too had reared the gnat scaffolding of an elaborate education that he might erect the oolossal edifice of his future. His hands beat the empty air and he had no materials where with to build. Bat there was the scaffolding, a fin* thing in Itself,—waited, perhaps. For the sheep-farmer did not need it "Well, old sinner I" he exclaimed smiling, as Cleaver entered. " Did you tell Tom to put up your' baasjfcis V He is so • brigtay' that he might not stand." Wen the two friends sojourning in the Cum berland Mountain on a camp-hunt, these exoerpts from the prevalent dialect might have seemed to Cleaver a pleasantry of exquisite flavour. But they were no sojouraers; they were permanently established here. And he felt that every con cession to the customs of the region was a defoent toward the level of its inhabitants. He thought Trelawney was already degenerating hi thislfabevelbd life,-mentaJly, in manner, eVen in speech. For with a philologist's zest Tre lawney chased verbal monstrosities to their lair, and afterward displayed them in his daily con versation with as much pride as a oonnoiueur feels in exhibiting odd old china. As these re flections intruded themselves, Cleaver silently swore a mighty oath—an oath he had often sworn before—that he would not go down with him, he would not deteriorate too, he would hold hard to the traditions of a higher sphere. But sins against oonvention could not detract from the impressiveness of the man lounging before the fire. If Trelawney only had money, how he would adorn the state of a nabob 1 "Brigety !" he reiterated. "That's a funny word. It sounds ss if it might be kin to the Italian briqata. Or, see here — brigat eh?— brigadar—brigadaris I I wonder how these people oome by it" A long pause ensued, broken only by the ticking of their watches: the waste of time asserted itself. All wss silent without; no wind stirred ;no leaf or acorn fell; the mute mists pressed dose to the window. Surely there were no other creatures in all the dreary world. And this, thought Cleaver, was what he had come to, after all his prestige, all his efforts t ".Trelawney," he said suddenly, "these are long evenings. Don't you think that with all this time on our hands—l don't know—but don't you think we might write something together?" A frank surprise was in his friend's brown eyes. He replied doubtfully, "Write what ?" "I don't know," said the doctor despondently. "Andsuppose we hsd the talent to project 'something* snd the energy to complete it who would publish it P " I don't know," said the doctor, more hope leaaly still. Another pause. The foxes were barkiDg in the moonlight, in the red autumn woods. That a msn should feel less lonely for the sound of a wild thing's voice t ;" My dear fellow," said John Cleaver, a certain passion of despair welling up in his tones,—he leaned forward snd laid his hand on his friend's knee, —"it won't do for us to spend our lives here. We must turn about and get back into the world of men and action. Don't think I'm ungrateful for this haven, —you are the only one who held out a hand, —but we must get back, snd go on with the rest Help me, Trelawney, —help me think out some wsy. I'm losing faith in myself alone. Let us help each other. Many a msn has made his pen his strongest friend ; they were only men at last, just such as we are. Many of them were poor ; the best of them were poor. We can try nothing else, Fred,—so little chance ia left to us." Trelawney laid bis warm strong hand upon the oold nervous hand trembling on his knee. "Jack," he said, "I have given it all op. lam through forever with those oursed alternations of hope snd despair. I don't believe we oould write adjibJog that would do—do any good, I mean, I wore out all energy and afflatus—the best part of me—waiting for the clients who never came. And all the time my appropriate sphere, my sheep-farm, waa waiting for me here. I have found contentment, the manna from heaven, while you are still sighing for the flesh-pot* of Egypt. Ambition has thrown me once; I shan't back the jade again. I am a shepherd, Jack, a shepherd. • Paatorem, Tityre, pingue* raaoere oportet ovea, deductum dioere carmen.' That's it, my dear old boy. Sing a slender song 1 We ve pitched our voices on too high a key for our style of vocalisation. We must sing small, Jack,—sing a slender song 1" "I'll be damned if I do !" cried Cleaver, im petuously, Bpringing to his feet and pacing the room with a quick stride. But his friend's words dogged him deep into the night They would not let him Bleep. He lay staring blankly at the darkness, his thoughts busy with his forlorn position and his forlorn prospects, and that sense of helplessness, so terrible to a man, pressing heavily upon his heart In the midst of the memories of his hopes, his ambitions, and his failures he was like a worm in the fire. The vague presence of the majestic company of mountains without preyed upon him; they seemed stolid unmoved wit nesses of his despair. The only human creature who might have understood him would not understand him. He knew that if he were writhing in pain with a broken limb, or the sentimental spurious anguish of a broken heart, Trelawney would resolve himself into evory gracious phase of healing sympathy. But a broken life?—his friend would not make an I effort Yet why should he crave support ? Wss it true that he had pitched his voice to High ? In this day of over-education, when every man is fitted for any noble sphere of intellectual achievement snd only inborn talent survives, might it not be that he had mistaken a cultivated aspiration for latent power ? And if indeed his purpose had outstripped his abilities, the result was tragic—tragic. He was as dead as if he were six feet deep in the ground. A bitter throe of shame came with these reflections. There is something so ludicrously contemptible in a great ambition and a puny capacity. Ambition is the only grand passion that does not ennoble. We do care that a low thing should lift its eyes. And, if it does, we laugh. There was a movement in the hall below. He had left Trelawney reading, but now his step was on the stairs, and with it rose the full mellow tones of his voice. He was singing of spring-time in the chilly autumn midnight Poor Fred! It was always spring with him. He met his misfortunes with so cordial an out stretched hand that it might have seemed he disarmed them. It did not seem so to John Cleaver. He shifted his attitude with a groan. His friend's fatal apathy was an added pang to his own sorrows. And now the house was still, and he watched through all tho long hours the western moonlight silently scale the gloomy pines, till on their plumy crests the yellow beams mingled with the red rays of the rising sun, and the empty lonely day broke in its useless wasted splendour upon the empty loneliness of the splendid night IL Cleaver took little note at this period of those who came and went in his life; and he took little note of how he came snd went in the liv°s of others. He had no idea of those inexplicable circles of thought and being that touch at a single point, snd jar, perhaps. One dsy, while the Indian summer was still red on the hills,— he had reason to remember this day,—while the purple base hovered over the landscape snd mellowed to artistic delicacy the bold bright colours of Sunrise Rock, he chanced to drive alone in his friend's rickety buggy along tbe road that passed on the opposite bank from the painted cliff and encircled the dreary little grave yard of the mountaineers. He became suddenly aware that there waa a figure leaning against the pali. gs ; be recognised Selina Teake as he lifted his absorbed eyes. She held her sun- bonnet in her hand, and her yellow hair and fair face were unshaded; how little did he or she imagine what that face was to be to him afterward I He drew up his horse and spoke : " Well, this is the last place I should think you would want to come to." She did not understand his dismal little joke at the graveyard. She silently fixed upon him those eyes, so suggestive of deep clear waters in which some luminous planet has sunk s starry reflection. "Did you intend to remain permanently ?" "I war restin' awhile," she softly replied. He had a vague consciousness that she wss the first of these proud mountaineers whom he had ever seen embarrassed or shy. She was in dubitably blushing as he looked at her, and ss she fslteringly looked at him. How bright her eyes were, how red her delicate lips, what a faint freih wild-rose was suddenly abloom on her cheek 1 "Suppose you drive with me the remainder of the way," he suggested. This was only the courtesy of the road in this region, and with her grave decorous manner she * stepped lightly into the vehicle, and they bowled away together. She was very mute and motion less as she sat beside him, her face eloquent with some untranslated emotion of mingled wonder ment and pleasure and pain. Perhaps she drew in with the balsamic sunlit air the Bweetest ex perience of her Bhort life. Ho was Bilent too, Ms thoughts still hanging drearily about his blighted prospects and this fatal false step that had led him to the mountains ; wondering whether he could have done better, whether he could have done otherwise at all, when it would end,—when, and how. Trelawney was lounging against the rail fence in front of Teake's house, looking, in his negligent attire, like a prince in disguise, and talking to the mountaineers about a prospective deer-hunt There waa a surprised resentment on his face when Cleaver drove up, but the return of Selina with him made not a ripple among the Teakes. It would have been impossible to demonstrate to them that they stood on a lower social plane. Their standard of morality and respectability could not be questioned ; there Lad never been s man or a woman of tbe humble name who had Sven the others cause for shame ; they bad lived this house on their own land for a hundred years ; they neither stole or choused; they paid as they went, and asked no favours ; they took no alms, —nay, they gave of their little 1 As to the artificial distinctions of money and education, what do the ignorant mountaineers care about money and education! Sauna stood for a moment upon the cabin porch, her yellow hair gleaming like an aureola upon a background of crimson sumach leaves. A pet fawn came to the door and nibbled at her little sun-burned hands. As she turned to go in, Trelawney spoke to her. " Shall I bring you a fawn again ? or will you have some venison from the hunt to-morrow ?'' She fixed her luminous eyes upon him snd laughed a little. There was ho shyness in her face and manner now. Was Trelawney so ac customed an object in her life, Cleaver wondered. "Ah, I see," said Fred, laughing too. "I'll bring you some venison." He was grave enough as he and his friend drove homeward together, and Cleaver was roused to the perception that there was a certain unwonted coldness slipping insidiously between them. It was not until they were seated before the fire that Trelawney again spoke. "How did it happen that you and she were together?" Evidently he had thought of nothing else since. " Who ? —the Lady Selina ?" suggested Cleaver, mockingly. Trelawney's eyes warned him to forbear. " Oh, I met her walking, and I asked her to drive with me the rest of the way." Nothing more was said for a time. Cleaver was thinking of the fawn which Fred had given her, of the patent fact that he was a familiar object st the Teake house. His question, and his long dwelling upon the subject before he asked it, seemed almost to indicate jealousy. Jealousy ! Cleaver could hardly credit his own suspicion. Trelawney broke the silence. "Education," he said abruptly, " what does education accom plish for women in our station of life ? They learn to write a fashionable hand that nobody ean decipher. They take a limited course of reading snd remember nothing. Their study of foreign languages goes as far sometimes ss to enable them to interject commonplace French phrases into their daily conversation, and render their prattle an affront to good taste as well as an insult to the understanding. They bsve con verted the piano into an instrument of torture throughout the length and breadth of the land. Sometimes they are learned ; then they are given over to ' making an impression,' and are prone to discuss, with a fatal tendency to misapply terms, what they call 'philosophy.' As to their ex perience u society, no one will maintain that their flirtations and husband-hunting tend greatly to foster delicacy and refinement What would that girl," nodding toward the log-cabin near Sunrise Rock, "think of the girls of our world who pursue ' society' ss a man pursues a profession, who shove and jostle each other snd pull caps for the great matches, snd 'put up' with the others when no better may be had? She is my ideal of a modest delicate young girl, ■ ■ and she is tho only sincere woman I ever saw. Upon my soul, I think the primitive woman holds her own very finely in comparison with the resultant of feminine culture." Cleaver listened in stunned dismay. Could Trelawney h»ve really fallen in love with the Utile mountaineer ? He had adapted himself so readily to the habits of these people. He wss so far from the world ; he was dropping its chains. Many men under such circumstances, under far happier circumstances, had fallen into the fatal error of a misalliance. Positively he miqht marry the girl. Cleaver felt it an imperative duty to make an effort to avert this almost grotesque catastrophe. In its very inception, however, he wss hopeless. Trelawney had always been so intolerant of control, so tenacious of im prssajons snd emotions, so careless of results snd the opinion of society. These seemed only originalities of character when he was the leader of a clique of men of his own social position. Was Cleaver a snob because they seemed to him, now that his friend was brought low in tbe world, a bull-headed perversity, a ludicrous eceentricity, sn unkempt republicanism, a raw incapacity to appreciate the right relations of things? In the delicately sdjusted balance of life is that which is fine when a man is up folly when a man is down ? "She is s pretty little thing," he said, slight ingly, "and no doubt a good little thing. And, Trelawney, if I were in your place I wouldn't hang around her. Your feelings might become involved—she is so pretty—and she might fall in love with you, and " "You've said enough 1" exclaimed Trelawney, fiercely. It wss monstrous ! Trelawney would marry her. And he was ss helpless to prevent it as if Fred intended to hang himself. " Your railing at the women of society in that -shallow fashion suggests the idea to me that you are trying to justify yourself in some tremendous folly. Do you contemplate marrying her ?" "That is exactly what I propose to do," said Trelawney. "And you are mad enough to think you are really in love with her ?" "Why should I not be? If she were dif ferently placed in point of wealth and station would there be any incongruity ? I don't want to say anything hard of you, Cleaver, but you would be ready to congratulate me." "I admit," retorted Cleaver, sharply, " that if she were your equal in station and appropriately educated I should not have a word of objection to say." "And, after all, is it the accident of position and fortune, or the human creature, that a man takes to his heart?" " But her ignorance, Fred " " Oreat God 1 does a man fall in love with a society girl for the sake of what she calls her • education ?' Whatever attracts him, it is not that They are all ignorant; this girl's ignorance Is only relative." "Ah,—you know all that is bosb, Fred." "In point of manner you yourself must con cede that she is in many respects superior to them. She has a certain repose and gravity and dignity difficult to find among young ladies of high degree whose education has not proved an antidote for flippancy. I won't be bard enough on them to compare the loveliness of her face or her fine unspoiled nature. You don't want her lo be learned any more than jou want a& Ualea to be learned. An asalea in a green-house be comes showy and flaunting and has no fragrance, while here in the woods its exquisite sweetness fills the sir for miles." " Trelawney, you are fit for Bedlam." " I knew you would say so. I thought so too at first I tried to stamp it oat, and put it down, and for a long time I fought all that is best in me." " Does she know anything about your feelings P " Not one word, as yet" "Then I hope something—anything—may happen to put a stop to it before she does." This hasty wish seemed cruel to him afterward, snd he regretted it " It would break my heart," said Trelawney, with sn extreme earnestness. "I know yon think I am talking wildly, but I tell yon it would break my heart" Cleaver fell to meditating ruefully upon the future in store for his friend in this desolate place. King Cophetua and the beggar-maid are a triumph of ideal contrast, eminently fascinat ing in an ideal point of view. But real life \ presents prosaic corollaries,—the Teakes, for example, on the familiar footing of TrelawneVe brothers-in-law ; the old crone with her pipe, his wife's grandmother ; that ignorant girl, his wife —oh, these sublunary considerations are too in exorable. In his sluggish content he would never make another effort; he would always live here ; he would sink, year by year, by virtue of his adaptability and uncouth associations nearer to the level of the mountaineers. This culmin ating folly seemed destined to complete the ruin of every prospect in a fine man's life. Cleaver did not know what was to come, and he brooded upon these ideas. lIL Those terrible problems of existence of which hsppier men at rare intervals catch a fleeting glimpse, and are struck aghast for a moment, pursued John Cleaver relentlessly day by dsy. He could not understand this world ; he oould not understand the waste of himself snd his friend in this useless purposeless way ; he oould not even understand the magnifioent watte of the nature about him. Sometimes he would look with haggard eyes on the late dawns and marvel that the sun should rise in such efful gence upon this sequestered spot; s perpetual twilight might have suffiosd for the threnody, called life, here. He would gase on Sunrise Rock, forever facing and refleoung the dawn, and wonder who and what was the msn that in the forgotten past had stood on these red hills, snd looked with his full heart ia his eyes upon that sun, snd smitten the stone to sudden speech. Were his eyes haggard too? Was his life heavy ? Were bis fiery aspirations only a touch of the actual cautery to all that was sensitive within him ? Did he know how his world wss to pass away ? Did he know how little be wss in the I world ? Did he too wring his hands, snd beat his breast, snd sigh for the thing that was not f He did the work that came to him oonsclsn tjously, although mechanically enough. But there was little work to do. Even tbe career of a humble country doctor seemed closed to him. He began to think he saw how it would end. He would be obliged to quit the profession; in sheer manliness he would be obliged to get 4o some thing at which he could work. A terrible pang here. He cared nothing for money,—this msn, who was ss poor ss the very mountaineer. He was vowed to scienoe as a monk is vowed to his order. It was an unusual occurrence, therefore, when Trelawney came in one day and found that Cleaver had been called out professionally. He sat down to dine alone, but, before he hsd finished carving, his friend entered. "Well, doctor," said Trelawney cheerily, "how is your patient V Cleaver wss evidently out of sorts snd pre occupied. "These people sre ss unrivilised as the foxes they live among," he exclaimed irre levantly. "A case of malignant diphtheria, a Irayaician their nearest neighbour, and they don't et him know till near the last gasp. Then they will all go frantic together, and swear they had no idea it was serious. I ooold have brained that fool, Peter Teske. But it is a hopeless thing now." A premonition thrilled through Trelawney. " Who ia ill at Teake'. ?" Cleaver wss stricken dumb. His professional indignation had cancelled all realisation of the impending crisis. He remembered Fred's foolish fancy an instant to late. His silence answered for him. And Trelawney, s sudden blight upon bis handsome f aoe, rose and walked out heavily into the splendours of the autumn sunset Cleaver was bitter with self-reproach. Still he felt an impotent anger that Fred should have persuaded himself that he was in love with this girl, snd laid himself liable to this sentimental pain. " A heart 1" thought Cleaver, scornfully. " That a heart should trouble a man in a place like this 1" And yet his own well-schooled heart was all sthrob with a keen undreamedof anguish when once more he had come back from the cabin in the gorge. As he entered, Trelawney, after one swift glance, turned his eyes away. He had learned from Cleaver's face all he feared to know. He might have learned more, a secret too subtly bitter for his friend to telL King Cophetua was as nought to tin beggar-maid. In her dying eyes John Cleaver had seen the fresh snd pure affection that had followed him. In her tones he had heard it Was she misled by that pro fessional tenderness of manner which speaks so soothingly and touches so softly—ss mechanical as the act of drawing off his gloves—that she should have been moved to cry out in her huskily pathetio voice, " How good, how good ye air I" and extend to him, amongst all her kindred who stood about, her little sun-burned hand ? And after that she was speechless, and when the little hand was unloosed it wss cold. She had loved him, snd he had never known it until now. He felt like a traitor ss he glanced at his friend's changed face, and he was crushed by a sense of the immense capacity of human nature for suffering. What a great heart-drama was this, with its incongruous and humble dramatis persona: the little mountaineer, snd those two Poverty- stricken stragglers from the vsst army of men of action,—deserters, even, it might seem 1 Whst chaotic sarcasm in this mysterious ordering of events,— Trelawney, with bis grand sacrificial passion; the poor little girL wmm fint fresh love had nnaooght folio »ta another through these waste places ; and he, all unconscious, absorbed in himself, his worldly considerations snd the dying throes of his dear ambitions I And now, for him, who had felt least of all, was rising a great vicarious woe. If he had known this girl's heart secret while she yet lived he might nave thought scornfully of it, slightingly ; who can say how ? But now that she was dead it wss ss if he had been beloved by an angel, snd was only too obtuse, too gross, too earthly-minded to hear the rustle of her wings. How pitiable was the thought of her misplaced affection; how hard it was for his friend; how hard it was for him that he had ever discovered it! Did she luow that be cared nothing? Were the last days of her short life embittered with the pangs of a consciously unrequited love ? Or did she tremble, and hope, and tremble again ? Ah, poor, poor, pretty thing 1 He had no name for a certain vague mysterious thrill which quivered through every fibre when ever he thought of that humble tender love that had followed him so long, unasked snd unheeded. It began to hang about him now like a dimly realised presraoe. Occasionally it occurred to him that his nerves were disordered, his health, giving way, and he would commence a course of medicine to forget it in bis preoccupation, and discontinue it almost ss soon as begun. What happened afterward wss a natural sequenoe enough, although at the time it seemed wonder ful indeed. One misty midnight, when these strong feelings were upon him, it so onanoed that he wss driving from a patisnt's house on the summit of the ridge, and his way lay beneath Sunrise Rock along ths road which encircled the little grave yard of tbe mountaineers. The moon wss bright; eo bright tbst the wreaths of vapoar, hanging motionless among the pines, glistened like eUMreslised silver; so bright that the mounds within the enclosure— Wss it the mist? Was it the moombeams? Was it the glimmer of yellow hair ? Did he see, leaning against the palings," restin' awhile," the grace ful figure hs remembered so f He wss dreaming, sorely; or were those deep instarred eyes really fixed upon him with that wistful gase which he had seen only twiee before ?—once here, where he had met her, and onoe when she died. She was approaching him; she was so close he might have touched her hand. Was it oold, be won dered ; cold as it wss when he held it last ? He hardly knew,—but she wss seated betide him, ss in that erimson sunset-tide, snd they were driving together st a frenaiod speed through the broken shadows of the wintry woods. He did not turn his head, snd yet he saw her face, drawn in lines of pallid light and eloquent with some untranslated emotion of mingled wonder ment and pleasure and pain. Like the wind they sped together through the mist and the moombeam, over the wild mountain road, through the flashing mountain waters, down, down tbe steep slope toward the red brick house, where a light still burned, snd his friend was waiting, fie did not know when this mad pace was chocked. He only regained his faculties after he had burst Into the warm home atmos phere, a ghastly horror in his face and his frantic fright upon his lips. Trelawney stood breathless. "Oh, forgive me," cried Cleaver. "I have spoken sacrilege. It was only hallucination ; I know it now." Trelawney was shaken. N Hallucination ?" he faltered, with quivering tips. -I did not reflect,^ mid Cleaver. " I would not have jarred your feelings. I am 111 and nervous." Trelawney was too broken to resent, to heed, or to answer. He sat cold snd shivering, un consdous of a now idea kindling there,—begin ning to flicker, to burn, to blase,—unconscious of ths motive with which his friend after a time drew close to the table snd fell to writing with furious energy, unconscious that in this moment Cleaver's fortune was made. And thus he wrote on dsy after day. So deverly did he analyse his own mental and nervous condition, so unsparing and insidious was this curious introversion, that when his treatise on tbe Derangement of the Nervous Functions was given to the world it wss in no degree remarkable that it should have attracted the favourable attention of the medical profession; that the portion devoted to hallucination should have met with high praise in high quarters; that the young physician's successful work should have brought him suddenly to the remembrance ef many people who had almost forgotten poor John Cleaver. No one knew, no one ever knew, its romantic inspiration. No one ever knew the strange source whence he had this keen insight; how his imperious will had held his shaken dis traught nerves for the calm scrutiny of science; how his senses hsd played him false, snd that stronger subtler critical entity, bis intellect, had marked the antics of its double self and noted them down. Among the men to whom his treatise brought John Cleaver to sudden remembrance was a certain notable physician. He wss growing infirm now, his health was failing, his heavy practice wss too heavy for his weakening hands. He gave to the young fellow's work the meed of his rare approval, cleverly gauged the cleverness behind it, snd wrote to Cleaver to come. And so he returned to his accustomed snd appropriate sphere. In his absence his world hsd flattened, narrowed, dulled strangely. People were sordid, and petty, and coarse minded ; and society—his little clique thst he palled society—possessed a painfully predomina ting element of snobs ; men who had given him no notios before were pleased to be noticed now, and yet the lucky partnership was covertly com mented upon ss the freak of an old man in his dotage. He was suddenly successful, he had suddenly a oertain prospect of wealth, he was suddenly bitter. He thought much in these days of his friend Trelawney and the indepen dent money-scorning aristocrats of the moun tains, of the red hills of the Indian summer, and the towering splendours of Sunrise Rock. That high sir was perhaps too rare for bis lungs, but hewassensibleof the density of thedensermedium. Aa to that vagus snd tender mystery, the ghost that he saw, it had been exorcised by prosaic science. But it made bis fortune, it crowned bis life, it bestowed upon him all he oraved. Perhaps, If she oould know the wonder* foi work iho had wrought lo his future, the mountain girl, who bad given her heart unasked, might rest more easily in her grave than on that night when ahe had come from among the moon lit mounds beneath Sonriae Rook, and once more aat beaide him as be drove through shadow and sheen. For whether it was the pallid mist, whether it was the silver moon, whether it was the f*B'aay of an overwrought brain, or whether that myaterioas presenoe was of an easenoe mom ethereal than any, who can know T In these days he carried bis friend's interest close to his heart He opened a way in the crowd, bat Trelawney held back from the hands stretched oat He had become wedded to the place. The years since have brought him a quiet, uneventful, not unhappy exiatenoe. After a time he grew more cheerful, but none the lets gentle, and none the less beloved of his simple neighbours. They feel vaguely sometimes that ainoe he first came among them he is a saddened man, and are moved to ask with sympathetic solicitude oonoerning the news from his sap* posititioas folks " down thar in the valley whar ye hails from." The fortune in sheep-farming still eludes his languid pursuit The red brick house is disorganised and dilapidated as of yore; a sense of loneliness broods upon it, hardly lees intense than the loneliness of the mighty en compassing forest Deep in these solitudes be often strolls for hours; —most often in the crimson and purple eventides along the road that passes beneath Sunrise Rock and endrcles the little graveyard of the mountaineers. Here Trelawney leans on the^ palings while the snn goes down, and looks with his sore heart bleeding anew upon one grassy mound till the shadows and the tears together blot it from his sight Sometimes his heart is not sore, only sad* Sometimes it is tender and resigned, and.he turns to the sunrise emblazoned on the rock and thinks of the rising Sun of Righteousness with healing in his wings. For the sosptioism of his college dajs has fallen front him somehow, and his views have become primitive, like those of his primitive neighbours. There is a certain calm and strength ia the old theories. With the dawn of a gentle and hopeful peaoe in his heart, very like the comfort of religion, he goes his way in thaumistj moon-rise. AMd sometimes John Cleaver, so far away, M with a seoond sight becomes subUv aware of these things. He remembers how Vr. lawnoy is deceived, and a remorse falls on him jy tho^stUl^ darkness, and tears and mangles htjHay :'jf WjtßD/^ there are no words for wnfesdod,-^VW^ noshing to confess. Would his oonjeccare, Mf " unsupported conviction, avail aught T would it not be cruel to re-open old wounds with the sharp torture of a doubt? And the day-break finds him with these questions unsolved, and his heart turning wistfully to that true and loyal friend, jHth his faithful unrequited love, still lingeringSbout the grave of the girl who died with her love unrequited.—Chablb Eobkbt Cbaddocjc in the Atlantic Monthly. 