Love, not Law, the motive power for a Holy Life. LOVE, in the Christian's experience, is like the great river Nile that shoots sheer out of the mountain lakes in the interior of Africa, and speeds on its way thousands of miles through the desert, watering and, in some parts, fertilising as it goes, until it falls into 1 the Great Sea;* for love has its sources in the interior of the now man in the three great i spiritual lakes here mentioned —' a pure ; heart, a good conscience, and faith unfeigned;' and, by overflowing its banks, as it speeds on its way to tho sea of God, it loaves a sediment of graciousness and heavenly blessing all along its course through the barren dosert of this world. Love, and not law, is the great motive-power for holy living. This is self- evident to all who know what Christianity is; for law oan do nothing but oommand, condomn, curse, and kill, wherever thoro is fault, imporfeotion, or failure. Law-teachers do not know what they say when thoynfllrm that Christians should be under law, but it is all one, ns if they insisted that they should renounce their Christianity and go back into the world, get again into tho flesh, and be sons of Adam, and answer, as under responsibility, for themselves to God as sinners; for law, world, sin, Satan, condemnation, death, and hell, must go togethor. (What it is to bo under law is seen in Exodna 19,20, &c.;) Law, if any ono is under it and fails, must condemn, curse, and kill If law-teachers say1 no,' a Christian may bo under it, fail, sin, and yet neither be cursed nor killed,.thon they subvert its autho*ity. They must either allow it to ourse for failuro, if a Christian is undor it, or woakon and nullify its authority. 4 Loro is tho fulness of the law* fKomaus 13): law's righteous requirement is fulfilled in us who walk not after tho flesh but aftor the Spirit (Homauu o, 6, v. 4); bat that is in Christ, and after the law of the Spirit of life in Christ. Jesus hath made us iree from the law of ein and death (verae_ 2). When on reantiee tion-ground, ae rieen with Christ, (in whom there is ho Condemnation, Wo are not alive in the world any more, nor yet are we ' nnder the law, bnt nnder grace.' love in God hae descended and been em bodied and displayed lh Christ. We have Bins, and ah ttnsnbject Will—and the law con demns elns, kills. In the .conscience because of lusts, 'for by the law is the knowledge of sin*; and then onr will ia not subject to the law, neither indeed oan he; and the law can only condemn for that too. But, in Chriet and in Hit death, ' I through the law am dead to the law that 1 might life nnto God Thli is how it is t '1 nave been crucified with OhrlBt and 1 no longer live.' What then f ' Christ lifeth in me, and the life which I now litre in the ftesh I life by the faith of the Bon of God, who lof ed me, and gave himself for me' (Gal. ii. 20). Christ has died, and by faith we have died unto Bin in virtue of His dying; and, risen frith Him; ' frs wBlk ih newnetsi of life,' and are1 dead indeed unto sin, bnt alive unto God in Christ Jeans '—a new sphere of erase to which our law does not apply. In fact, onr association with Him being in Hie risen life, after He had ceased to be nnder law and curse, we hare Him aa 'the end of the law for righteousness.' Law's demand is perfect obedience and, on failure, oondemna tion and death; but love ministers life, right eousness; and the Spirit (2 Cot; iii.) The one is all requirement, the other ia Ull communi cation. Law promised life on obedience that was never given; love gives life, righteousness, and the Holy Spirit to produce obedience, and graee ia in the motive; for Christ baa died, and He la both duf life add our object: ' for me to live is Chriet ' i.). Christ hot buly lived under law perfectly, and gave a perfect obedience to it aa to the perfoot standard for a man, bnt he went beyond that, and was ' obedient even nnto death' in devotedness to God—which law never thought of. And beyond thia (and this ia an entirely new thought for man),..Christ was here displaying God in gfabe foir man;' for God ia love,' and we perceive the love ' because He laid down His fife for us;' besides, being perfectly obedient as a man—and it is precisely in this He has left lis ah example for otir walk. God Was in Christ reconciling the world iinto Himself: and thia asanmed a form the very antipodea of law. Law, ae in the caBe of a prodigal son, said, lay hold of him and atone him, and thus pnt away i evil (Dent. xxi. 18—21). Love says, let him he embraced, kissed, clothed, and feasted with the father's beat, and this will not only pnt away evil, bnt display the father in grace and love (Luke iv.). And, besides, the Holy Spirit produces graces against.which there ia no law (Gal. v.); and, aa in Hebrews, we are set down before Jeans the perfect pattern of a man of faith in the earthly courae,—one who began, continued, and ended Hia course in per fect faith, dependence, obedience, and devoted ness, and whom, aa aet down in the glory of God in heaven, we are to be beholding with unveiled face, and by the Spirit of the Lord be changed into the same image, from glory to glory. Law puts us on the first Adam line of rails under responsibility, with neither carriages, coal, water, nor steam : love seta na down in a first-class saloon carriage, with every comfort, with a powerful engine and steam up, and nothing to do to get to onr journey's end, but repose in peace, and trnet to onr appointments. Law aaya, Do everything for yonraelf, and without a new nature, motive, or the Holy Ghost: love says, Yonr place ia in a risen Christ, who, on God's part, ia made nnto us wisdom and righteousness, and sanctification and redemption. Everything is found for yon by the grace of God. We are lifted clean ont of the flesh and the world where law applied, and married to another, even to Him that is raised from the dead that we might live unto God. The law has power over a man as long as he lives (Bom. vii.), but death ends it. 8o in Christ's death the law oeasea to have authority to enrse, command, or condemn the believing tinner. We are in Christ risen, not in Adam fallen; and, easing that the proper and lawfnl nae of law is not for a righteous man, bnt for those described in 1 Tim. i. 6-10, the absnrdity of putting Christians nnder it ia abundantly j proved. And mark, that the Apostle links the | law with the Bins whioh it condemns; but love with the gospel of the glory of the blessed God whioh enfolds it. Paul was himself a notable example of a man : who came from the line of law to the line of | lore. He was shunted rather violently at noon, one day, near the City of Damascus, but he kept on the line of grace ever after; and in Fhilippians he shows how he pressed on, having given up law and ail its supposed privileges and advantages, for Christ, and having Christ in humiliation as his food, motive, and pattern, that (having the same motive) ho might walk as Ho also walked, and Christ in glory as his power, object, and goal that ha might not rest with any attainment on this side of perfection in glory—boing like Christ Himself. We are not in the flesh, but in the Spirit; and instead of settling down with the object of showing what man ought to bo under law, we ero now aiming by graar, as alive to God in Christ, to be to the praise of His graco, and to be tho continuators of the display of God in grace and love in the midst of a graoeless and lovoless world, the epistle of Christ written not with ink, bnt with the Spirit of God, known and read of all men. Christian life ia not the life of the children of Adam nnder law, but the display of the grace and goodness of God in Christ in those who are ' all the children of God by faith in Jems Christ'— ' not under law but undor grace.' Thia ia a very different thing from implementing human responsibility: for aa those who aro partakers of tho divine naturo, and aro children of God who hath given us of His spirit; who dwoll iu love, and dwell in God and God iu us ; who aro the temples of the Holy Ghost, who is tho power in us to display tlio very life of God on earth, we are enpaoitated to reproduce the very qualities of God in OhriBt as Colossians 3 and Ephesians 5 tell us. Flesh, world, sin, and law, are done with, for yo bare died, and your lifo is bid with Christ in God; and the practical display of that id given in the power of the Spirit in putting off the old man and putting on the new. "We are not to be imitators of man—-not even of the man Christ Jesus made under tbo 'law; for as such wo bare no connectionJwith Him, how« ever edifying it is to see that He was perfect 1*4 that as in all else; bat we are enjoined to be imitators of God in grace, fcr on the back of 4 Be good to one another, tondcr-hearted, forgiving one another; even also as ^ God in Christ forgave you,' wo hare this word, ' Become, theiefore, imitators of God as beloved children, and walk in love even also as Christ,loved you and deli* vered Himself up an offering and sacrifice to God for an odour of a sweet smell, (Eph. v. I, 2.) Law-teachers confound God in grace with man in responsibility, and thereby lower the Christian life from being an expression of God in goodness and grace to u weak exhibition of man in failure asunder law, and.instead of ;l6h. 0? superiority over sin and .the manifestation, God in lore and divinely impelled self sacrifice; we hare man made an object to himself, and no wonder that he can never get farther than 10 wretched man that I am!' : ; ; Were wo the ' epistle of Christ/ as we should be if living by tho faitb of the son of God, then men would behold our good works, ana glorify oar Father in Heaven. Love would actuate and regulate ns in all onr relationships, spheres; activities, and services; and while ' imitators of God* in being perfectly good to bad peeple, and having lovo that never failetb, 1 and going out in the etiergy of a faith ! that worketh by love, even when acting | under the constraining lovo of Christ; and in flelf-rtbneg&tion; and self-sacrifice towards men, our whold service, lih6 that of Christ'^ will go op to God as a1 sweet efaelling savour. We are of His nature, and are commanded to 1 walk as children of the light,' for the frnft of the light is in all goodness and righteousness and trnth (Epb. v. 9). ' A good tree bringeth forth good fruit / but no amount of command would produce fruit. Law gives no new nature; love^ does so, and against the fruit of the Spirit there is no Ihfrj nor i» there a measured requirement; but we are enjoined to grot? np unto Him who is the Head in all things—4 filled with the full knowledge of His will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding, that je might walk worthy of tho Lord unto all pleasing;' blameless and harmless, tho children of God, without rebuke in the midst of & crooked and perverse generation, among whom yo appear as luminaries in the world, holding forth the word of life (Fhil. ii, 15 and 16). Love produces the life of Christ risen is those who believe in His name — not the life of man In responsibility as under law; 'Pot on therefore, as the elect of God, boly and beloved, bowels of mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, long* suffering; forbearing one another, if any man have a quarrel against any j . even as Christ forgave yon, so also do ye. And above all these things put on charity, which is the bond of perfectness' (Col. iff. 12—14.) How very awful, then, must it be to be 4 teachers of the law!' Truly they know not what they say, nor whereof they affirm I If Christians could be pat under law; then its an* thority is nullified, and Christ has died in vain; the gospel of the glory of the blessed God is subverted, and Christian holiness, as the Bruit of love,is rendered impossible! But 'sin shall not have dominion over you, for ye are not under law but under grace/ and tbe motive* power for boly living is (Charity out of a pure heart and a good conscience, and faith un* feigned.' ' /'*' The law, the Apostle affirms,'-"'is the rule of life to the Chriatless, but not to the Christian —4 not made for a righteous man/ and he is more—but to transgressors it can prove only s ministration of condemnation aud death. Law is tbe rule for a son of Adam,. Christ for a son of God. Love ministers life, righteous* ness, the Holy Ghost — Christ being our motive, example, and rule of life, Christ revealing God in grace and goodness, and not the law—holy, just, aud good, as it is, measuring man's responsibility, checking his badness, and cursing him for failure—Christ if our only pattern, rule, and measure of walk in this world; for 1 he tkat says he abides in Him ought himself also so to walk even as Ho walked.' (I. John ii. 6). -Bible Merald. 