THE NATURALIST About Snakes. SNAKES command a very catholic, but rather sidelong, regard; in Booth, no beasts of the field receive the like attention. Their report goes forth solemnly from the cathedral: not less faithfully from the shepherd's hut. We meet them constantly gliding into table-talk ; we Bee them uncoiling wondrously in storied type. Every sunburnt traveller bus a Joseph's mess of snake storieo to Bet before ü B , Bapid with marvelß, an I we consume it with a keen appe. tite and no discretion. Every paragraphist knows the value of the Bea-serpent, or the inordinate inches of a python. We could exclaim, " What a coil is here!" about snakes, did not conscience whisper that we share the interest and are by these presents, adding to the garrulity. In 'cool climes this concernment is mostly adventitious its roots stricken deep down in the dark dank mud of niythio lore. In ours, much more in those which are thoroughly efficient incubators of reptile sperm, it becomes intrinsic—solid, arid, indeed, self-plenishing, if it rub but smartly against ophidian interests. Where, as in Hin dostan, the annual tale of deaths from snake-bite rises to a sensible percentage of the population it is no wonder that the creatures, their habits and peculiarities, lodge in the thoughts and play on the tongues of men. But the outcome of that which plays loosely on the tongues of men is likely to be in part error—especially if the emotionß be its playmateß ; add to this that much uttered about snakes in coloured by nuroery engrainment, and it is but natural that the subject should bo encrusted with fallaoies as a land-fast stone with lichens. To reduce, if only by one, these misconceptions is the writer's wishful but not hopeful aim : old tenants of the mind are not to be evicted with a toacb, and some of our curious notions about snakes are veteran indeed—heirlooms of a thousand generations or more, whose pedigree-founder was the first man with sense and articulation enough to indoc trinate himself and his incumbrances with snake horror. For indubitably fear (indiscriminating because often well founded) is the mainspring of this interest of ours. Developing according to its wont into veneration, it was as certainly the basis of that gorgon-headed system of serpent worship which dominated men before the Joves of Europe and Syria ramified over the hemi spheres, and but latoly traced its graceful symbolism on the jungle-buried temples of Guatemala. The fear of Bnakes is a wholesome one while under the eye of judgment; blindly indulged, as it usually is, it works more harm than does the rashest fearlesßnessß. There is abundant reason to say that in many a case people have been frightened to death, or to long and perilous sickness, by the bites of harmless or slightly venomous snakes. Every person, there fore, has a very self-regardful inducement to educate himßelf and those about him out of this' wholesale dread—an end not difficult to attain by a cursory study of snake characteristics. Though fear it was that drove men into the zoolatry of snake-worship, the respect so engen dered has been in all ages increased by admira tion of the undeniable beauty of form and splendour or neatness of colouring germane to snake life. If our minds be freed from instilled loathing we can watch, in that waving column of life, the very emblem of grace, whether in repose or activity—the organised energised type of the " line of beauty;" we can dwell on the contour of the sleeping coil ever returning upon' itself, and appreciate the old poetic thoughts that made it the Bymbol of eternity and of the life-perpetuating sun-god; and we may be sure that the beauty which has instructed the artist and the poet—those great propagators of the imagination — has stimulated superstition, its child, notwithstanding that it is the beauty of a thing otherwise abhorrent. Danger and beauty are sources of interest obvious enough; not so that other conception of the serpent's preemi nent intelligence which has led some nations to do it reverence, others to hold it execrable. Orthodoxy requires that we should believe ie the whilom prominence of the snake's mental faculties; and if deliberate malice be one and an important phase of intellectuality we must believe that it has retained much of its old superiority, for this is a vice frequently attributed to the animal by injured enemies and closet naturalists. Conspicuous on the head-gear of royalty the Berpent symbolised the reigning wisdom of the Nile ; but whether the pyramid builders deduced the idea of snake wisdom from an idio^yncracy of any Nilotic serpent, or whether, like semi-civilißed people in general, they mistook Bubtilty for wisdom, and saw evi dence of supreme cunning in the stealthy movements natural to, and patient ambuscade* ascribed to, the Bnake, it boots not to inquire. Certain it is that we have an unmistakable measure of the snake's capacity in its diminutive brain-case and undeveloped cerebrum, and that the conclusion of physiology is not invalidated, but confirmed, by all we know of the habits and proclivities of these animals. They are far from using any delusive trickery or circumventing sleight against man or other animal, either in self-support or self- defence—such as the bird practises in safeguard of her nest, or the angling fishes in their capture of prey—much less do they display that innate spite against even their inveterate persecutor which authors describe and teachers keep afloat amid the stagnant scum of prejudice. If tbey strike the hand that by mis* chance approaches them, or the foot that presses them unwittingly, they do so not in malice prepense, nor even in revenge—these are passions too human—but simply in nelf-protection. If they tight, it in for dear life—not for the hereditary sentiment of a clan. But, in truth, they fight not at all; they are non-combatants for Very cowardice. Stories of pertinacious aggressive ness on the part of snakes are not uncommon, but, as those who habitually kill or capture Bnakes of all kinds unhesitatingly affirm that they exhibit the purest anxiety to escape, those apparent instances of combativeness would doubtless be susceptible of a different interpre tation were all the circumstances known. An inoident that of late occurred to the writer may possibly be an explanatory type of all such cases. Seeing a largo black snake iv motion ou the edge of a lagoon, between tho water aud a tree, he intercepted it to secure so Sue a speci men, To hia surprise the snake, iustead of Wtreating, made a determined rush towards him. For several minutes, wheeling right and left, he made a show of fight, fiercely evading the blows aimed at him at clone quarters, till nt length, with a suddsn dash that brought him iv contact with his assailant's person, he disappeared In the reat\ He hud unde good his escape into his hole at the root of the tree, and hII his seeming ferocity was but a nervous anxiety to feaoh it. This, we repeat, may serve to account lor all similar cases, inoluding that of the his torical boa whose skin was preserved in the Capitol. This well-known story, stripped of compound exaggeration, iniy read thus:—Ad vanced guard cuts off a huote snake from its lair; boa, alarmed, rushes homeward; Roman heroes, demoralised, fall back on cohorts; cou oternation genetal; crowd " bailed up," as by a nix-shooter $ dux orders up balista, and at long range well nigh earns a triumph out of 25-foot nnak* that would only have been too glad to depart in peace. Speaking of boas, ono is re minded of a habit attributed to the family which, theoretically, is very improbable. They are cus tomarily said—most, circumstantially, however, by writers of the Waterton school—to lubricate their prey, previous to deglutition, by smearing it completely with saliva. When, as often we *cad» the result of the process is the dis appearance of the ox or Btag, tail foremost, down the interior of the monster till the opera tion i« brought to a premature close by the fixation of the horns between the snake's jaws, we can estimate pretty nearly the value of any given statement in the same narrative. In the absence of any confirmation of the fact by those who are familiar with captive snakes it is difficult %o give it credence. It is true that in the Boidao %he salivary glands, and especially the parotids, Mo largely developed; saliva flows profusely into the mouth at need, but for any external appli cation of it there is no organ at all adequate. Instead of the broad fiat tongue adapted to Buch use we find a long forked worm-like one—an in trument of exploration by touch, and retractable, not into the free cavity of the mouth, where it oould gather saliva, but into a sheath out of reach of it. Snakes of other families certainly do not lubricate the prey, and one canuot conceive why the constrictors alone should do so. In all likelihood the inventive faculty that launched the idea was prompted by two circum stances misinterpreted. The constrictor, after asphyxiating his victim (he does not always crush it), prooeeds to swallow it head first, and ▼cry probably has been seen examining the body with its tactile tongue to make sure of its death and plaoe itself in fit posture for applying its jaws to the head. The prey being received within the mouth (or rather the snake's head being stretched over it) is, by the act, covered with saliva to ease its passage as the six separate jaws of the glutton work it down into the gullet with their reciprocal see-saw action. Now, a recently or half swallowed meal is occasionally, and doubtless for dietary reasons, disgorged and re'swallowed, and an instance of this met with by an impulsive observer would be given to the world as a purposed lubrication of the morsel, and would beget its like in print for generations. It is the pleasure of aome to look on the snake as a degraded animal—one reduced from a more respectable rank of organisation. They are gratified by the affirmation of the naturalist that a continuous series of reptiles from the quadrupedal lizards to the limbless snakes can easily be traoed; but from him at least they do not venture to demand whether the assumed inleriority of the latter be due to natural or to supervening causes. The superficial imper. fection might be held conclusive could we ignore the significant teachings of anatomy. The separation of the snakes from the lizards is not accomplished solely, nor even essen tially, by the removal of tha legs, but by coucomitant modifications of the internal organs especially emphasised in the visceral and cranial structures. A lizard deprived of legs, but other wise unchanged, would be a monster, an anomaly whose speedy end would be destruction. A snake though devoid of legs is perfectly organised, for, by its conditions of life, it is aberrant iudeed from the lizard, but has in no wise sunk to a lower horizon of vertobrato life. He who derives satisfaction from the idea that tho Hnake is a living witness of its own deserved abasement would do well to remember that it is not a crea ture of yesterday. Suakea aa we see them crawled the grouod a^ea before man left the earliest trace of his existence yet known. It is worthy of remark that the typical snakes—thoße in which ophidian characters are moat pronounced —are viviparous, or nearly so (ovoviviparoub). We may not indeed lay too much stress on fco'al maturation as an index of superior organisation, Bince the birds do not accomplish it ; but within the limits of the cold- blooda it in Biguiticant, biuco in thbin it occurs with great rarity. Legs aro suggestive of locomotion, aud to this among the habitudes of the anake we now turn, induced by several prevalent errors respecting it —errors which, strangely ououph, have boeu sanctified by eminent authors. To comprehend the modes of locomotion natural to suakes, Pome poiuta of their atructuro inuot necessarily be understood. The anuke's backbone is elongated by virtue of tho excessive multiplication of its jointed segments or vertcbi ;i; Closely interlocked by projectiug keys, and firmly bonud together by rough tisse, theso bones have but limited motion one upou auother—their greatest play, that from side to side, ia not extensive ; fmin behind for wards it ia much less ; in a backward direction it is scarcely appreciable ; while any degree of revolutiou round their centrea of coutact is itn possible, iiut tho mobility of oach, though re stricted when multiplied by thu whole number of the series, which iu;iy aniouui, to upwardu <>f ;>UO, confers ou the spine its incomparable facility of lateral and convoluting motion. From each ver tebra of the trunk springe on either side an arched rib, so loosely jointed on that it is capable of mutiou in all directions, and to the ends of each pair of ribs are attached tho outer corners aud edge of one of the broad scales whioh shield the under surface of the body. The vertebra) ribs, nud shields are the passive organs of loco motion—the motive power resides in the muscles appropriated to them. Along the upper surface of the baok, on euoh side of the spine, runs an enormous inaas of muscle, while the under sur face of the spine is supplied with another body of inusole uofc usually of much power. These " dorsal" inusoles are the agents of all flexure aud erection of the body. The disposition of the upper musolo causes the greater part of its bulk to act laterally ; if the muscle of one side alone contract the elleot is motion towards that side from eitnplo bunding to tho complex coil; if different portions act alternately on opposite sides the body is thrown into folds—certain layers may, under strong volition, jerk it back ward with a slight flexure. The subspinal musoles have for their chief work constriction. The ribs aro set in motion by a special set of muscles, or rather by a spocial arrangement of the ordinary intcrcostals. It is inopportune to enter upon their peculiarities. Let it suffice that the motion chiefly impressed upon the ribs is an oscillation parallel with the spine, whereby the lower ends and shield connected with them move through a small space at each pull of their muscles. Between the end of the rib and the outer odge of tho shield is a slip of muecle which, aided by another yet smaller between the shields themselves, raises that edge synchronously with the advanoe of the rib. The erected edge of the shield catching on any asperity of the surface beneath it becomes a fulcrum, enabling the musoles of the rib behind it to draw the body forward, and every Bcale in contact with the Bur face being put into action successively the whole body is carried onwards by a perpetual series of minute steps. But if the scale edge meet with □o sufficient resistance the power expended on the ribs is to an extent wasted ; hence we see that snakes move laboriously over thick dust or yielding sand, and are completely arrested by a polished surface. Curious and unique is this gait of the serpent on its skin-feet, as with glid ing ghost-like motion devoid of gesture and apparently of means, to be recognised only by change of place, it steals inch by inch on an unwary victim, or passes on in leisurely quietude. With what deftness, precision, and stability it moves is exempli fled by a carpet snake which has been seen by a friend of the writer gliding on the top of a fencing wire. But now let us startle our snake and send him off at speed —not too great, however, for observation. A total change has come over his mode of progress. The whole body is cast into sinuous folds. The head and neck are raised slightly from the ground. The head moves onward in a series of curves, and its motion is propagated, as it were, through the undulating body. If we can credit our own eyes the motion is continuous and undulatory throughout. Yet what do we find in that splendid monument of research, the " Compara tive Anatomy" of Professor Owen? This: "A second and swifter mode of locomotion" (the one in question) "is by successively bending and straightening portions of the body." Further, "The extension of the forepart of the body carries that part forward, while the necessary resistance is afforded by the point of the tail or by the erected scutes. This being effected, and the ground grasped by the ereoted scutes forward, a flexion of the rest of the body will draw for ward the tail." A little lapse in our habitual veneration of authority, and we could not read this statement with gravity. Who, we may ask, ever saw a snake stretch out his fore parts, apply his throat as a grapnel to clutch the ground, and then draw up his hinder length ? Who could see so laino and impotent a hobble in the sinuous rush of the quick glancing serpent 't But the presumption of criticising a writer so learned must be justified, if possible, by an explanation of the real nature of this progression. It is clear that in mechanical principle it must be entirely different to the mode first described. CrawliDg by the scutes would lose, not gain, efficiency by its course being rendered tortuous. The snake's progression by means of vibrating curves is in kind identical with that of the swimming fish. The short trunk of the majority of fishes can form but a single flexure wherewith it strikes the water right and left ; the two oblique mo mentums so acquired resolving themselves into one straight line of progress. In the long-drawn bodies of the eel, and similar fishes, room is allowed for several curvatures, each of which beats the water, precisely as the single stroke of the shorter fish, and in unison with the rest propels the body according to the same law of revolution. Tho snake its«lf advances iv water in like manner, and from the act of swimming hi» undulatory propulsion on land differs only iv the medium of resistance, which, instead of beirjg fluid weight, ia the friction of his erected shields ou tbo ground—a friction most perfect where it is most wanted, on tho convex edge of the folds where the ribs describe a larger arc of movement. It is apparent that the sinuosities of the body must be deeper on land than in water, to com pensate for the reducsd area of resistance ; and this accords with observation. In the great work already quoted we read with surprise of another kind of locomotion adopted by hnakes which wo will venture to say is quite unknown to simple obnervera They aro iuatructed that the auitnal takes a firm hold of tho grouud by tho shields of its neck, draws up tho body into a vertical arch, fixes down the toil, and then (we suppose) btretchen out the body for auother utep. The ordinary result will, of course, by- the Rait of the looping caterpillars, whose powerful grasping feet fore and aft are no more than necenh.uy to the performance; but on occasion, we are told, the body by a Buriden forcible action " is carried forward as by a leap further than its own length." Tho only case iv which wo could imagine that a resemblance to such a uiode of progress could deceive au onlooker would be that of a hunted suuke wildly vaulting, as it were, over long tangled grata in its hurried flight. That the vertical attitude, whether in many waveß for quiet progress or in one arch for looping or leap ing, in ever aH.iuun.il by the *uake ia ilatly eon tradictcd both by oxperiouco aud by tho auliun'u owa inconsistent but tru« remark, <; that ttura ia. no natural undulation of the body upward aud downward—it can take place only from Bide to Bide." As for leaping, it is very doubtful whether snakes leap by any means. Opinion holds in the affirmative, appealing to experience and the suit ability of mechanism iv the ooil. Several in stances of the snake having been seen to leap upwards have become known to the writer, but the so-called leap seemed, on inquiry, to be nothing more than that bobbing dancing motion of the forepart of the body which the snakes seem to delight in, and which are familiar to us in scenes of Indian snake charming. It is said that the serpent has been seen to leap forwards and Beize a bird on the wing. The bird was no doubt neized ; the leap was probably a vigorous projection of some two-thirds of the reptile body whereby a spring was simulated, not a leap accomplished. The analogy between a snake's coil and a epiral spring is a favourite but super ficial one, true only as to form. The sudden un coiling of a horiz >ntal spring would have a revolu tionary effect anything but conducive to upward intentions. Musculur force acting laterally could not well be transmitted perpendiculaily back wards to the tail as the fixed poiut. In short, the only motion of the kind over which opinion, theory, and observation may join hands is the backward one. It is probably correct that a driven snake may by a violent eff >rt fling itself backwards, and bo, doubling on its pursuer and unconsciously frightening him to a retreat, escape. Snakes are well known to be expert climbers ; it is truly wonderful to see with what sure ease they traverse surfaces, apparently in defiance of gravity. In ascending oblique trees or boughs the undulatory motion is always employed, and if, as is asserted of their usual habit, they ever climb in a spiral course it must be while making way up perpendicular trunks—it is a point on which this penman would gladly receive infor mation. Also on another feature in the economy of snakes : the special use, otherwise the final purpose, of the poison apparatus. Of what ad vantage is poison to the snakes possessing it ? It will be answered : It enables them to kill their prey ; or, it ia a means of self- defence. But both these views are interrupted by objections. If venom be necessary to the victualling of certain snakes it is difficult to conceive how many of the inocuous ones, equally devoid of or feeble in pre hensive organs, yetpursuingthe same prey, can get a livelihood without it. Kreft tells his readers that venomous snakes " bite and let go." Unless, then, it should appear that the venom is in all oases powerful enough to paralyse or stupefy the prey immediately, ihe snake must lose many a meal; yet there are snakes with fangs as imbecile as the sting of a bee. It is not true that after seizing their prey these snakes always let go and await its death. The black snake is often seen with a frog, drawing the struggling shrieking wretch into its mouth. The writer lately found in the stomach of a venomous snake six mioe, of which only one had been wounded by a fang. If, again, self-defence be the purposed end, to this also the poison faculty seems ill adapted.' Every auimal, including man, that can excite the fear and Bo incur the preventive stroke of the reptile has abundant time, and every disposition, to destroy it. Its fangs, so far from protecting it, only bring down on it swifter and surer death. A perfectly satisfactory answer to the query is, therefore, by no means so obvious as at first dawn appears; and it would be interesting to Bee light thrown upon it by fuller knowledge of the modes of feeding adopted by not only the venomous but those innocuous snakes which are not known to kill by constriction. Here appears an opportunity of reminding readers of the signs which serve to distinguish the dangerous from the harmless snakes. The indications have been frequently and efficiently pointed out; but for geueral behoof, and by way of showing that zoology can be "practical," they may bo re peated, premising that often—too often for ex cited apprehension—undue reliance is placed on the brendth of the head behind the jaws as the great feature of a venomous snake. This breadth is partly the result of a strong development of the masseter muscles working the jaws, partly of large parotid glands—glands which, irrespective of size, may or may not secrete venom. One of the most deadly-looking snakes we have is our harmless constrictor, the carpet-snake, and it is constantly reaping the evil of its evil aspect If the snake whose bite is dreaded be in hand, count the scales on the edge of the upper lid from the angle of the jaw to, but not including, the large oue in front called the rostral; if they arc found to be more than seven all appre hension may be cast aside; but for further satisfaction count the rows of scales on the body, not including the shields on the belly; if the scales are iv twenty-six rows or more the snake is innocent. Smooth polished scales, not imbricated like the tiles of a roof—a short tail ending iv a spine, together with imperceptible eyes—lips curved considerably upwards behind the eyes—a small hook on each side the vent— iire one aud all trustworthy confirmations of the tame conclusion. On the other hand a reduced number of rows of body- scales (less than twenty six), lip-scales fewer than eight, and a straight gape, should lead to further examination. On opening the mouth there may appear nothing to alarm one. The long curved fang of the poison brewer id generally folded back on the gum at the end of the upper jaw. Here it may be Bought for with fine-pointed instrument. But if no such tooth can be raised, and the otbor teeth are pretty equal iv ttizu and disposed regu larly ou the jaw, the snake is innocuous. It may be well, however, to add that cert tin snakes of gcuera unknown iv Queensland have sotnu of their buck teeth eularged and grooved, and that such snakes have a very bad reputation iv their native land. Of all thu faculties ascribed to snakes none is more startling aud less intelligible than their supposed power of fascination. Were it not that " there are more things in heaven aud earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy" we might dogmatise and declare it to be ridiculously imp ossible that tho eye of a suake could hnvo any intluenou whatever over utiother animal—much le-a that it could drag duwu into the jaw below it the very bird ou the wing. To this length we will not go, but endeavour to form a fair judgment of the degree and kiud of truth O[i«;u to u.s. Ufcpurtii of something takeu for v f u.ciuutiug proctHil, aud that by luuu whouc iu telligeace ia to the writer's knowledge &otec; enough to accredit their opiuion, are too many to bo lightly laid uside. We muet accept as a fac* that sunkrs do occasionally obtain food in an extraordinary way by moans that aro at least suggestive of mal-influenco. The most frequent cases are of birds seen to flutter nervously to and fro before the gazing reptile all tho while utteriDg anxious cries, ao though conßciouß of a power which was subduing them, drawing nearer and nearer at every turu, till they are brought within the range of their destroyer, or helplessly drop into his open jawß. Other instances are of frogs which have been seen to sit as though in lethargy while the snake has been creeping slowly upon them till it could feel them with its very tongue. There are two or more theories about such cases. One that the victims are subjected to an influence, unknown in kind, peculiar to snukes, and exercised by them consciously or unconsciously—a power which by unaccountable means paralyses the voluntary muscles, or overbears volition and gives it a self-destructive tendency. Another is that the observed actions or inaction of the animal are due to a perfectly natural cause—the con fusing or paralysing effect of terror. Still another, which may be suggested, is that birds habitually attempt to drive away all dangerous intruders upon their haunts—wheeling about and assailing with beak and wing hawks or other unwelcome Btrangers; and in their fluttering concern to drive away a foe so pernicious to themselves and neste as a snake they may unintentionally come within its reach, Beduced perhaps by its seeming placitude. As to the frog, its immovable apathy is so great that we should hardly expect it to be disturbed by the approach even of a snake. Those whose minds tend towards the mysteri ous, or those who have "seen with my own eyes, sir," things inexplicable, will shake their heads over appeals to the rational. Whether they will find justification in that multiplicity of observa tion which the writer now invites from hiß fellow bushmen, time will tell. Moanwhile we shall probably not fail to meet with respectable approval if we say that a natural explanation there ia to be given if only we knew it. Thickthohn. 18th November. (Chas. W. Deviß.) N.B.—lt is universally known that the wound made by a venomous snake presents two punc tures slightly separated ; that of a harmless one two lines of punctures nearly parallel with each other. A case hns lately been communicated to the writer wherein the succeasional fang on one side of the head of a death-adder was matured while the old one was in place. The result of this would be three punctures somewhat irre gularly disposed ; and Bince the succesaionala on both aides might equally be developed a wound of four punctures in two paire might possibly occur, to the misleading of the examiner. 