COUNTBY TELSGSAMS. GLADSTONE. July 28. A meeting of the Farmers' Association was held at Crystal Brook last night to consider the land laws. There ni a large attendance, and Mr. Yenning occupied the chair. Mr. Fearoe, J.P.. moved — ° That is tbe opinion of this meet ing the provisions of the new Act, now bud before Parliament, do not sufficiently liberalise the existing laws to meet the reauire mentsof the colony.' This was carried. Mr. Daw moved— 'That in the opinion of this meeting all future payments should be con sidered as part of the* principal.' A lengthy discussion followed. Mr. Pearcs, in seconding, referred to the Advertiser sneering at agricul turists m«lrftig an attempt to get new laws. Several speakers followed, some disagreeing with the motion, whioh, however, was carried. POET LINCOLN, July 23. An entertainment, in whioh Dr. and Mrs. Parker took the initiative, was held iu the institute hall on Wednesday. The programme consisted of two farces, with au intervening concert of ballad musio, and the originators of the movement and the lady and gentleman amateurs who assisted deserve congratulation on the success achieved. The curtain rose on ' Urgent Private Affairs,' in which Mesdames Parker, Frost, and Miss Davis, were well sup ported by Dr. Parker, Messrs. Blake, Fisher, and Bartletr. They kept the house in good humor from commencement to close. The vocal interlude of nine sosgg and duets was specially applauded; several ladies suffering the penalty of encores. In this Misses Simmons, . Colbron, Stone, Mesdames Parker, Frost, Dr. Parker, and Messrs. Oaborne aud Bartlett contributed well chosen selections, and the distinctness with which they were heard throughout all parts of the hall speaks well for its acoustic qualities. The farce of ' Brown the Martyr ' concluded a capital evening's amuse ment. The weather was unpropitious, but the bouse was comfortably foil, £14 8s. being taken at the doors. This amount will form the nucleus of a Church of England parsonage fund for the incumbent of St Thomas's, as great difficulty is experienced in finding a suitable house in the township. POET PiaD3, July 23. At a meeting of the vigilance committee this everrinMMr. Oarmicbaer* assertion in his letter in tbe Register of Saturday last was shown ta be s grass misststementi of facts. He stated that £170,000 had bees expended in deepening at Port Pirie. The total expenditure to June 30 last, as per returns furnished by Mr. Stephens, reeretary of the Marine Board, amounts only to £52,773 for deepening, and nearly £9,000 far constructing Queen's Wharf. The rent from tbe latter is returning over eight per cent, and three-quarters of the area reclaimed is an avail able lite for Government purposes, the post and telegraph office and courthouse being erected on a portion thereof . GLADSTONE, July 28. Yesterday was tbe coldest day we hive experienced this season. Last night a tucoessful concert was given by the Athenaeum Olnb in aid -of the institute. Over SCO were precent. Thesroond this morning was thickly coated witfa frost. The young crops willnot be improved by these sharp frosts, which are of dauyoooar «r»ce. TIOTOS HA.EBOE, July 29. Tbe annual meeting of the institute was held on Wednesday evening. The balance-sheet and committee's report showed a most satisfactory state of things. The following officers were elected for the ensuing year: — President, Mr. H. Hodgson; vice-president, Rev. O. Hodge; treasurer and secretary, Mr. O. W. Draper; committee — Messrs. Wheaton, Waterbouae, Drayson,and Reid; auditors, Messrs. Le worthy and Goodwin. The weather is beautiful, but very frosty and cold at night GO0LWA, July 29. The steamer Amphibious arrived here to-day with 800 bags of wheat. The weather here is now delightful. Kumbers of the inhabitants of the township are leaving daily for the Exhibition. CALTOWIE, July 29. The Galtowie' Amateur Surprise Party gave their first public entertainment last night in the inetitnte. The programme was well carried out. Mr. J. EiUon gave two Irish songs in character, which were rendered fairly. Mr. Fred, Wagstaff, as tbe Fakir of Woolloomooloo, and also as lecturer on tbe world, whioh included only Terowie, Yareowie, Taieowie and Oaltowie, was very mirth provoking. The Austrian Bank oat done, by members (ofjthe party, as also a ghost scene created roars of laughter. Mr. J. Crab tree rendered three songs iu his usual style, and Mr. E. Luxon created roars of laughter by giving 'The fine old Deutsohe gentleman' in charac ter. YAEROWIE, July 29. Mr.C. B. Cranston was entertained at a banquet by his friends at Wood's Tarrowie Hotel last night. About forty eat down to a splendid spread. Mr. O.W.H.Hirsoh occupied the chair, and T. H. Francis the vice-chair. Tbe usual toasts were given, and a very enjoyable evening was spent. Mr. Cranston will be much missed from the district. 