ASTATE DINNER; ' Tb there no offence tn't? No offence P tho world.' 01 tho dinner tablo ond its associations Englishmen are peculiarly conservative Etiquette, common eenee, end good taste combine to mako tho conversation of tbe meat bout of dcmcsllo life tabu, Tho ellghtest violation of the erclal esorednCEs whloh Kttschoe to tbe enjoyments of private eociety wcnld bo regarded as an Iniquity. The Euglisbmnn is tho baron o! his own castle; the fcndatoitcs who would disclose the seorets of his walls would bo aelf.oondemnod. But there Is no violation of this social oompaot involved in tho attempt at deeortptlon of an Important State, not private, ceremonial. Tbe bktuduy banquet, in the provisioning of which our governors aro annually so lavish, la part of the life thoy live In the light of meu'a cyco. Its very courtesies aro of an official obsrialcr. The gucste aro not bis Excellency' frler.de, but those who approach nearest to bolrg olfioally his peora, Not for their wit, their wort'n, their sootr.l qualities, tbo valuo of their friendship, tho brililanoy of tholr attain, ments, aro they arleatod. Oaly for the position they havo achieved In tho oanfllot of life aro they among tha ohot. Eot that they represent Interest?, institutions, pcWC? attained or excrolsed, sovereigns whose alllsnoo is oouitcd, deeds arhhvsd, are thoy chosen They arc not Individuals, but reprdroiitsisyse. Only a. tbe embodiment of tbo thfnge they represent do tbry tnke in friendship tho hnna of the representative of tho sove rtign, ond sit with him at his board, to honor tbo oaoasion wborofor thoy meet ? In these State banquets la involved a significance dsepor than la forrau' lated in Expresslone, The rigorous otlquftta wbioh controls the ceremony with a gloved band approves tbls. Edmund Yatco has ahown ua thnt the public eyo may Intrude unolfendlsgly Into the privaoy of Dukes. An ago choking with curiosity hungers for euligbtenmont as to tbs nature of all men s acts aud lives. Aud ae long aa tho Jin? bo not o eretepped — and wo know how deli cately tbo lynx eyed 'Atlas' of the 'World' dis criminates— there Ma no ollonoo lu V Tho birthday banqnota of onr Sovorolgn'a representatives havo oomo to be rognrded as tho nnnmil ocoasion on whiob tbo hallmark ot prcoedrnco and etiquette la seinl-pablloly Impressed. Tho Invitations to It put tho seal npon society, and formulate who aro under ths eubtle rigulntlouB whloh dotermlno tho degrees ot mankind, cfiiolnlly the highest, Though to make publio tbo prcolao classifica tion of theso would be Indeoorons, aufllolont will bo dluoernlhlo from tbo guests Indicated aa present at tho eumptnoua ontorti.inment whiob hisExopIlcnoy gave on Tuesday ovenlng to enable a general Idea to bo formed of who arc tbey who alt iu tho high plaoea, Aud it must ba remembered that tbe birthday banquet merely formulates the role, -At uesrly all other repasts of a gouerally cffiolal ohnracter tho guests remain tbo ssmo, For with Iho Marquis of Normanby ndheronoe to ollioial etiquette Is rigid. Strong \- luoaolers draw no faint lines. Tbo entertainment necessarily oommsnaes with the reooptlon of the gueots In tho Stnto drawing-room at half-poet 7 o'olook, Sumo pre decessors have mods a praotlas of receiving their guests wblle ptandlng on tbo hearth- rug, ooat- tails to the fire — Englishman fashion, Tiie oourtoone Marqula avoids this, and meets tboeo whom he honors at the entranoo door Ono light grasp of the band, ono faint bow of greeting, ono glanoe Into those olear quizzing eyou, whloh oeem to absorb evory detail of f>ereon and ooslnme nt a glanoe,' yot having n them the grave oxperlonoe of inaay etorray years, commanding alike nlfeotlon and reppcot, and the entree Is over, and you j)oes ronnd to greet noqnalntnnoes, and wnllo away n few minutes in prelusive chat. Then to tbo great stnto dtnlngroom, with its massive mahogany sideboards, and Ita thiols hangings, through whloh no bitter draught may enter, even In the wild weather when - tbo wind ehrlelra llko an nnmnealod ghost round the building we hay; constructed foe «p« production ol rhoumntlam in tho Qurco'a roproBonlatlvoo. Many nas ll'abta from tho bright rIo-u ohnudt- ! era oro cnstiDR their brilliant cloima upou tho rloiilyliirnlehod tahlu ; tall oaudclnbro, mrond to uphold tho waxon taporo they bear, n> Hen the ii Ickctlcfr luBtro ol Kn>,wbloli ooololy olwoyB inodllito. Gaunt loatajrgo Btand pyrai midffi en tho table, nprliiplug (rum srotloca i.l blnolc loo mixed wish tomlsr jlronda I lorn ; gold pinto, produat of tlio racing vlotorlfa nl tho Norraanby Irmily, ndoino tho oentro board ; llawors ol nil hiif» ""d oondltlono ; va«oa nnd ohina ; cporpnnx and trophies gratify tbo oyo whoro- Ovor It lunmi and n« bin 1'ixanllanoy oents hliu- sell In tbo oeulro ol tho talilo, wblob tuna with tho 01 umo ol tho walla leiigthwlaa, the baud la tho eotrtnae hall gives intlmallon of Its pre-- aence. And then, oonrae by oonraa tho tompor. any Sylmiiloa ante t'icir expaotnnt nppr.tltoa. Soupr, char and turtle, flaheo ul lout ordoro, troludlug,tho fait, tba ouoouUntdookiag bulled uchoappcr, and tbo frto.1 rrliltlng, patoa, und epigram, d' ninenn, poultry, and juioy fi lot do fjienl a In lloemlotino, tho wild aboriginal turbty — au(i bow toml.r bio JUxoollonoy'a snatlro do culalno can males that uanally Irnthery blrr'; ncd then outromolo and iooa, tlollciolea ol (lo««ertwhio'ifi"ightantho II ivorol tho loud ohaiupagnc, and help on to tba enjoy ment ol tho goon old p nt, a: <1 that rare brown ebony , which, liko. gu .rdo ol bouoe, lUnk the xepeit. 01 a mill ilen, while the nhiynd 'nppotito Is £o;lug with tba lir.t bade ol too rteaimct, tbor laaitlr, and tho T7.nda "I'll.- Qnoon ' brim tho guirt' q inlus.'dly t.i t'ooir foot, svhllo tbo drnncl optake rut tliu at'iiinr ol tho Nntlonn dVntboin. Thcro la no H|.- "ob, whoro tbor - oin be no roaponov, end Hor Mnjarty'o luallb in lb in k in u demu eileuca. There la clatter nl enatoro an nontH am rosuraad, tho band pasaoa to tho next number on tbo progrnmino, and denoesi t proceeds, v/hlln tbo goetlp of tho table (lcwo rnoru Irenly na tho dcoantero paoa, and tho time to quiz one'o uolghbora la availed "'bloeo by hla Excolleooy alia Australla'a Iblgheet guett, bla Soreno Hluhucea Prlnoo Liula ol iBnttenberg, with tho broad ribbon ond etsr of hlo O.rbc relieving the ordinary uniform ol » nontenant In hor Al&jeaty;'ii notvicn. O'i I Auntralma lUiidtUB, bowraro of yoiit hmrto now, for that licutennnt ia too plftuy hitndao'no to waat sven tbc advjutiliouj uut w. >oU n»s priooaly wok n fiords him, T«JI, w-II.mnde, with 4 carrlftKO of the hnnd wuic i donotas hlcjh phyfionl truh. fug pud porftot 4 «ot up', a troll snoo'lderl fnco ltt'tmly fnt:13l;Tsiit, and firm mouth, ov'.ouh-,duiv,;ii by « dojp ononstbohp, ho lookit hum io IclU' c>t auy diatBDoo wltblo oyeahot ; Mid if he jhia tbo fiiild to Uftnadf nt tho Exhibition 33all, thcro will be a cood mtviy Bigtu behind perfumed hftndkerohfcfa. Hud by Ij the Admlrii), and a glnnC'i nt toiifc atoro woathor- snatksd laou, on which acrvioo haa aet its lus dullblo mark, iusplr'a rcpict, even if tho many dcaornti ms whloh p.h'.t:r amoogafc the xlcb gold )ac( did not tsll a hlBtory in 2iltle« Wuon Englaad sondd uj her warriors wo oefiDo to wonder at tho work they aobiove when tho v/nr mMt (a nwako There is Rometbin.T lu the E irl'a faao, la She Qb&po; of the o&rvous; tioyor#, In tbe very carriage of authority In bis t'.oHnre, lb at la- epires onntidcuoo, Whou such nnu as Ojcq modoro Wib.iD, so aoou lo achieve his ' stop,' and our present guestn, whoso deoorotlooa Bpgak their nsrvlacs, hold charts of our shlpa, ouo eoon upproolatoi whorolu Eagland'a EftVfil Fitroiigth lies. Oip'.ain Stopbonson, of tha Oary ofurt, G<»ptaiu D-unlatoun, of She Tonrrnnllno, aud thr.fc smart officer, Jjieatru'.at \viunloy, wuo was Ugio Iq IUj Gnlnter, are also prcajiit— th«i lattur uaiior tho cpuctul ohsperouago if Lord Hervoy I'hlppB, who has taken tho oootro of tbo cross«tablo la n tendenot hreczs wbioh bloirs Sn from tbo ball, and mukea the waxen oaadloa gutter to tbo agony o! tbo plashed footman, Pity It fa that no icoord of auoh plesssut bours la presorvable by tbo guests, Thoro is probably utb one in the room, with tho exception of tho polite and oourtsoas ftido-dC'Oaiup and private eeorotnry, who ooutd temembot fitly ont of tbo sfieot soveoty who Bat tit this lavishly provided bond last year, rily is it, for the oatertaiumenti mark epoohs, Voar by yearns tlifiy n-our you Uad gapi In 8b0 ranks, The genial S:r Gjo.'go assombled round him many, w<iutH plaoa no longer know thorn. By those diboocd jou may dUoarn tho chauflee iu Ufo. Tj iot year Mr Sirvloe sat at bis ISxoollency'u right band, aad the honorable Toomso B.ut indulged, for tbe fleet time, In Ujq Hob IWlug rutted to a freuhly-blowu Exccitivo Oouuoiilo.. N we hav? Mr Hetty ctfino to hfs nwn again, nnd by bis q'liat sysertlfln ol bis posiUon at tho. tahlu, yon oaa 8to tbbkiiitft.y ytftw of puilii'ij tho strings oa wnicb even Uovcrnord hiwu to danco, have given him tiiB umiuisoi a c.nrli:r. 1 Smst thou not tbe Mr of If our' io tboeo onfjld- inKS' of ihw Civil S;cvloa uniform, dlere, t"r<, htho fvX.jor, wish that ever pleas | lag tmilo preplng ou- ol thi ootusrs of his in utbjllkQtbttlsuo threurh ashutsrobl!ik,oou fidentnnd chatty asovcr, Youaiu reoognlet; the idebnfaut" at n glanno by thole diffidunoQ— znccbet WHlbius Reeking not tho aut of ths srom- r; pelhpoMFsi- cl lltcl'.'.rd-.'in.narprland at lbs sirloin wblsh Its d-mc; and herj, lol our J two singl giMitlomen roll- id InSo mip, tho Alt ore ey Gcuoral and Minister of Jus fike. First Urns for you hero, Mr Vale, though you have trod tbo glided diulng BRlle of dazzling Toorak. Just hayond tiro la tho voter«.n dinor nut, J. B, Were, the N ipoleonio 0 joauhwlu ahsovba h-lf. the norld, (it'uig hi;t tventy.four';h birthday bacqutt, t What storks bo can till of tbe Qua terns of old. Umo etiquette. Here, la a heap, cro tho heads of tho G >vornmonfc dopiti meoly, tho now Cro-.-n S dicJtor— -anothor debutant, and experienced Morrab, J .-.ok coo, Ij3 O'en, IiVjrtjaoho, msr curiol Uerrlman, tho lively lad— Mr Ellery, with tbcsu thoughtful oyja gazing Into obaQutif y In quoet of oametsj Mr Barker, with lus dijLntOcd laco which never turns a mill j j cheerful Kuudonj Haytor, la tbo Windsor, noiforro, wbloh says 'prisonted at Ciurt'with a coute elcquftuoo ol its own, bandayme Ohomloy, ol tbo Police, with 'all bts bloshlng boDors thiol: upon him tbo Spoakor wlthont bis wig— false wool improves him. Tbare oa tbo far side, rolltlog Mr Lo Sauef, whose 'sword hilt has not nnved tbe frnotlon of an Scch out of pooifclon Rinoe bo was nommksloncd Usher, beams mildly on i "lie Afscmbly'a sllont Palmer, .David j Gaunaon soourgo 1 of G jvornmsn", 6'iifla i with characteristic panthei-llko vcRtloisnass I on % seat wblcb la Boftfir than a Obaitman's, and not liable to dlsioluti'jn.Oii Lird Bblpps's left Is our always gonial sheriff, dryer tbno he 'was throo hoars before; when fiiadiug hla warriors oer cno low lands. Before him Judgo Ojpe ond Judge SIciuner, who would not patt with hla beloved slick even In the flrawlnttvoom, »ro 1 bolding nffblo converse. M\yor Meares, so H furry robed, beams uponbis faiiililuiFrtzgibbon, 3B tlKugb ta Bay, A man, air, a man j take him for all la all, wo shall not look upon his H f-'ke sgeln.' The thinking eyes ol the Master in Equity and Lunacy aro fixed on the faoe of tut University's Vloe'Omuoellor, who una I rhcrrdedths nstrologlo gowu bis InaoauUy tfcvUcd ufc tho foundation of ths institution to v?jh!oh be has given so muoh patient work. Bad every slave of duty bis roward you would fcavo bcon Ohnncellor Dr Brownlceo; hut aaeloR Hj ssu recallo reoolleotlon, of the admired Judgo H dentuted, Ab 'shade of OoniuM thoro is tho H ljton Von MusUor— Sir Feidluaud now upon Mb visiting cards— and gansrous Olurkfl, coon, wo hope, to poaacsa alike dignity. Wbora la our O.'inmifBlouor of Guitoma I JJotU no Roim tho ocoun In uuavou of pirates ami Tplanoa oontrabaud, or is na lisnlng lor wrecks with a lanulng net I Sir Johu O'Shsnassy pmlibig too— hcro must?' >be a etorin brewing; aQd so.vttered about najr adc-zen judcfB, oomo mora uniforms, tus proputy of tbo great Vioiio-'i'm najy» -number of oonr-ula, m'li'.ity ofhoars and dlpnllarlea too numerous to particulariBO. But brigbtost hours v/ill Boonont fade, nuu iheio ia a movement no nw liixoamucy p»u«a lo tho State dtnwlmprooTu. Mr Derry cheerfully ihskcs bands with tbo l-'adsr of th Opposl Hon, r.n much aw to soy 'What a omnfort you 3'o just now,' ond Murray 3-nUh blushCH at t;,e honor. Sfcriutly HpoaVmn. tbo leader of tbo Opposition ia not oiinlahy rEEFnljbnt Mr Smith happens to ho luuuy fey virtue of his position ni Oonaul for oplo, knough undoe what Cabinet ha odmlnla- ra marine law ho raruly. knows, for during ft I a fi;gt year's tenure of ufiloa tbo Go comment obnngod thrao times, oaoll Hating from Monaroby to llanubllanos Ibm, aud forcini? him to iitudy the iintento! Guovera's 'El Uluholo Oojuolo.1 As fchKxotlleuoy posses out tho guests repair to jibe drawing room onco moto, whero ooffee, chat, and ouracoa besulio tho qnartor of an kour ;befQYQ leavetaklng, and then bla Ex« 'cellercy 1 troads alouo, tbe br.nquot ball do Urtcd/ 