— — The public will learn with feelings of irre pressible satisfaction that the honour of that portion of Iler Majesty's Hhips of war. stationed in Australian waters is ahoab to be vindicated. Tim prestige of tiie Iloynl Navy is dear to the heart of Her Majesty's subjects in all places of her dominions. Ever since the good old days of " the wooden walls of "England," when England's ships were British oak, And hearts of oak her men, Englishmen have prided themselves upon the invulnerability of their nnyy, the courage of their " bine- jackets, " and the prowess of their " captains, admirals and men-of-war." Now and then some slight revcrso lias befallen or some mistake has been made calculated to damp the ardour of this British belief in the perpetual destiny of Britannia to rule the waves. 'J'liey have, however, only been pass ing misadventures which made no permanent impression ou the politic mind. Au ironclad may have capsized here and two others come into collision there, involving the loss of hundreds of lives, hut when the lirst excite ment caused by the disasters was calmed down it cninc to l>o recognised that such cnlnstrophics were only tho inevitable mis fortunes incident to our rapid strides in the art of manufacturing unmanageable " muni- " tioiiB of war." The Australian squadron has been fortunate enough to escape any such calamity. It is composed of " handy " men- of-war, which are easily managed, and could ho sailed From India's tires to Zambia's frosts, without incurring any of the risks to which tho tuore unwieldly monsters of tho deep are liable. For some time past, however, .the compact little fleet which represents the navy in this part of the world has been under a cloud. An impression lias got abroad that it is more ornamental than useful. Lying iu Farm Covo tho vessels which carry the thunderbolts of war are the observed of all passing observers, who express their surprise at the apparent absence of life on board, and the marvellous cleanliness of the fleet's appear ance. Itbas happened, however, tlmt within the last few months — it may bo said during the tho last year — a largo number of Her Ma- iest3''s subjects have met with untimely deaths within that portion of the high seas which are supposed to be under the protection of those beautiful ynclits-of-wnr, nud it has been supposed, that the oflicers and crews attached to tliem would have been better employed avenging tho deaths of their coun trymen than resting nt their anchors in " our " hnrbour." There lias been one or two — certainly one — sham expeditions to the scenes of tho murders, hut nothing was done to counteract the feeling tlmt, so far as regards protecting the lives of whitu men iu the south sens, the Australian squadron might as well be nt the North Pole. Where the' fault lies lias not been clearly ascertained. There is nn nsserted division of responsibility which is extremely convenient, hut however it lias come to pass tlmt the murderers in tile South Sen Islands have not been punished, it is about to be proved that they have not escaped jnstico because the naval authorities in these seas are afraid " to smell powder." On this point a most gratifying paragraph, although a somewhat alarming one, will he found in our nows columns to-day. Though the Solomon Islands cannot he successfully invaded, Sydney is to be attacked. .The entire naval force on tho station with tho exception, as it appears, of the Cormorant is to ho brought into action. The Wolverine, 19 guns, under the command of Commodore Wilson ; the Emerald, 12 guns, commanded by Captain Maxwell ; the Miranda, six guns, under Captain the Hon. E. 8. Dawson ; the Alert, four guns, commanded by Captain Maclean ; nnd live other vessels, each mount ing one gun, aro told olT for the service ; and on Tuesday, tho I2th instant, this formidable fleet Will play its various onpinos ; all at once Disgorge its blazing magazines, And lake by storm tiie poor terrestrial citadel of — Lady Macqunrie's eimir. ITere is terrible intelligence for the babies in perambulators nnd their attendant nnrsemnids who fre quent tlmt neighbourhood. It is true that " the position" is to he protected by the naval brigade)) of Sydney ami Newcastle, hut how can it be expected llmttheclmircan he pre served by such a force when it is bombarded by nine ships of war carrying -1(5 ' mortal " engines, whoso rude throats" will belch fortl) volley after volley of smoke to mute the gallant defenders, and seine the venerable seat by tho irresistible force of sheer sulTocn- tion. The only salvation for the chair, and subsequently tho city, which suggests itself to tho terrified imagination, is to put the babies and nursemaids in the front of the battle. Confronted by n fixed array of pointed parasols, and warned olY by the simultaneous jinglo of full-sized tin rattles, Grim visaged war might smooth his wrinkled front. Unless this is done it iB impossible to con ceive what can save tho city. The invading force is to land " under cover of a heavy fire " from the men-of-war," and it appears to he a foregone conclusion that the invaders are to triumph, for after the battle the victors nnd the vanquished are to inarch through the city, their united bands, it may he presumed, playing Sec tho conquering heroes come. Wo confess that under existing circumstances this proposed grand naval demonstration ap pears to us as a ridiculous display. Were it not that the imagination can picture the ghosts of Lieutenant Bower and his slaughtered com panions, together with those of the other victims of South Sen massacres, taking part in the grand attack and the triumphal mnroli, it might bo called a' dismal farce. How gratify ing it will bo to the widows and orphans of the murdered men to witness the gathering to gether of so many ships of war, knowing or believing that whoever has the supreme control of them doifti their duty their hus bands nnd fathers might still he alive. And how rcnsRnring it will be to those whose friends are trading among tiie South Sea Islands to see such a muster of men- of-war in Port 'Jackson,, while .they are living in daily fear nnd trembling of receiving the news of another massacre, tho victims of which may Jjo their unprotected relatives; The times are jltqgcthef out of joint for such a suggestive demonstration. The greater display Coni- njodqro Wilson makes of tho naval force Bijdef hi£' coipma'ndj tho njoro ho will rouao the indignation of the public. It has been and still is kept considerably in check, in consequence of the uncertainty which prevails respecting who is chiefly to blame — a point which will, no doubt, lie settled before very long by the Admiralty. In the meantime the bjood of our murdered fellow-subjects is required nt the watchmen's hands, and to flnnnt nn imposing but useless nnval force in the face of the public is provoking the con tempt of the community generally and in sulting the injured mourners, who are going about our streets, while the living arc unpro tected and the dead are unavenged. For years past New South Wales has been engaged in a race for supremacy with Vic toria. Gradually her population lias been drawing up to that of the southern colony, and in point of revenue she has long been on eqnal terms. Now, however, New South Wales has no rival in this respect. For the quarter just ended the revenue has been £1,393,240 lis 4d, showing an increase of £404,705 3s 8J on the corresponding period of last year. Of course the increased duties on spirits, and the operation of the stamp tax, have something to do with this, but after making every allowance for new taxation, the result is as marvellous as it is gratifying. It is not only gratifying inasmuch as it affords a larger revenue than was expected, but be cause elasticity in this direction is evidence of great public prosperity. The last half of the financial year is invariably better than the first, and, if the rule holds good in the present instance, we shall be belter off in December than tho flourishing finances appear to indi cate. . We can, however, afford to omit such probabilities from the calculation. If the same rate only is 'maintained, the gross revenue will reach £5,572,98(5, or £132,31 G more than the Treasurer ever expected, and this, added to the estimated surplus of £207,703, would leave a balance to the public credit at tho end of the year of £340,019. There is, however, another and more favour able light in which the returns may be viewed. Tho increase for the quarter, as wo have stated, is £4(54,7(55, anil, presuming this increase to extend over tho remaining qnnrters"f)f tho year, the grosH increase will amount to £1,(559,04 0. Tiie revenue of 1880 was £4,911,990, and, if we add this increase, thogross revenue for 1881 would ho £(5,571, 030 or £1,238,004 more than the 'Treasurer pro poses to expend. Willi every desire lo.be- licvo that kite most favourable results will lie brought out, we are not sanguine enough to hope tlmt such a balance as this will be ob tained. The revenue for the succeeding quarters will no doubt he larger than tlmt for the lirst, but it is by no menus likely tlmt the increase will be us great. The Stamp Tax nnd the increased wine and spirit duties rank as new taxes in the quarter under notice, but they were in operation during the last half of last, year, nnd will not, therefore, rank as new taxes iu comparing the Inst half of the current year with the last half of the previous year. Wo may reasonably look for a substantial comparative increase in the revenue, but not for anything like the amount the current in crease would appear to indicate. The pro bability is tlmt the actual result will land the Treasurer, nt the end of the year, with a balance of something like half a million to his credit. There appears, at the first glance, anomaly in the course of argument pursued by many lion, members on Wednesday afternoon, when the vole for stiition accommodation was tinder eon siderntion. This was that the absence of well- conducted refreshment rooms on the railways where a modest glass of liquor could he pro cured is one potent cause of the annoyance many passengers have complained of experion- cingwhen travelling in carriages in which brandy flasks are surreptitiously produced and passed round until emptied of their contents. The practice of " nipping," physicians tell us, is oue of the greatest vices of the age we live in, and according to the evi dence given by several lion, members, the absence of refreshment-rooms on the railways tends to its increase. Tf wo were inclined to philosophize, we might point out that there is an inherent tendency in weak human nature to crave the thing which it has not got, and the man accustomed to his occasional "nip" is not likely <o he an exception to the rule. _ Deprived of the opportunity of gratify ing his propensity lie craves it the more, and as lie cannot get a drink at the railway station lie avenges himsolf by haying a Mask at the nearest lintel, out of wliieli he probably takes half-a-dozen drinks instead of tho one that would have contented him. The idea limy he dismissed from the mind that the absence of properly conducted refreshment rooms means temperance on the railways. If the travellers can run across to the hotel during the few minutes the train stops, so can the stoker, tho engine- driver, or the gunrd ; whilst the porters can drink at their leisure between the departure of one train anil the arrival of another. The re striction appears to he powerless for good, whilst in many instances it generates, promotes, and increases positive evil. Should iMr. Cope- land carry out liis expressed intention of taking some steps next session, having for their object the provision on our railways of similar refresh ment rooms to those found elsewhere through out the world, he will probably find the sense of Parliament is witli him in the matter. Tho distributors of census papers have been busy during the Inst few dayH leaving at various houses throughout tho colony returns to ho filled in with tho names of persons who will bo domiciled nn the night nf the 3rd instant. From the amount of work that has been done, and is yet to lie completed, the opinion iu the depart ment chnrged with the census is that, according to the law of averages, the accuracy of which the figures and calculations of so many statists and Registrars-General have demonstrated, the large increase in the population of the colony, which wo had substantial reasons for believing had taken place, will be proven. The surmise has been hazarded by more than one of our pub lie men that the dilfereuce between the popula tion of Victoria and that of Now South Wales will lie lessened in favour of-onr own colony. The arrivals from abroad iiuy he calculated with very tolerable accuracy, aud these have been very numerous ; besides which, wo have the evidence of Mr. John Woods, ex-Railway Mini ster in Victoria, tlmt tho hone and sinew'of that colony have been migrating to this. It is un necessary to he immigrationist, anti-immigra- tionist, or to belong to that party the name of which is legion, which believes in a judicious system of immigration, to feel that everyone in the colony is n taxpayer to a certain extent, and in most instances a producer of some ware or other. If there be a certain amount required for the government of tho colony, the greater the number of contributors to it tho less there will lie for each one to pay, and there is a consider able difference in a household of half a dozen between the £2 per head that is re quired in New South Wales nnd the. TO that, according to a writer in_ the Omtcmporarg Re- riew, are paid, provinciully anil 'national ly, in the United Slates. Much curiosity will be felt respecting tho smn total of the population, and whilst it will generally be agreed that wo must wnit patiently for details, it is to be hoped fliqt the gross figures will not ho long before tlioy are available. Our London messages say that the Bank of South Australia has declared a dividend of five per cent, for the last half-year, being after tho rate of 10 per cent, per annum. Four tbuusnnd pounds nie carried to the roservo fund. Tho steamship Roma, with tho Queensland outward mail, -arrived nt Port Said on the 2!Hh, anil sailed the same day, via Saez. The bulletin issued on Wednesday morning by the physicians attending on Lord Benconsfield said that the slight improvement previously reported in his condition wns maintained, and the'symptoras which were causing anxiety were mitigated. On the following morning, however, he sustained a re lapse, nnd is now in a critical condition. The Greek question had advanced n further stage, though not a final one. The Foreign Ministers ac credited to tho Greek Government have intimated that the Great Powers are unanimously of opinion tlmt the Intest Turkish proposals area fair and equitable settlement. They are using all their in fluence to induce the Greek Government to agree to tbo offer of the Porte. There jB some probability that the British njny' again become embroiled in the nff iirs of Afghanis- tan. A rising of .Wghans has taken place at Herat,' ; the rebels having attacked, Ayoub Khan and obliged him lo lake refuse in the citadel, which is now closely invested. The Afghans have a very ; summary way of nettling matters, and it is there fore to he presumed that if t Lev catch Ayoali they will put. him to death. This would scarcely lie a sufficient reason for the interference of the British, hut if the country is in such a state further out rages, involving British interests, arc liable to occur. The Legislative Assembly met last night at the usual hour. Several questions were asked and re plied to, but out of 14 notices of motion only one was allowed to pass as a formal motion. Mr. Forstcr's motion fur returns of the number of letters, Ac., forwarded liv the different mail routes was agreed lo. Sir Henry Parkes's motion, providing for a sitting of the House on Monday next, in order that Parliament might be prorogued on Wednesday, was agreed to after discussion. A motion of the Coloubd Treasurer, providing for the printing and publishing of officiul re)iorts during the recess of Parliament was also agreed to. The debate on the Appropriation Bill was then re sumed in Committee of the Whole, and a long de bute ensued upon the llth clause, which, being the Estimate for the Department of Mines, in cluded the item of £10,000 for the payment of the award to the Milburn Creek Copper Mining Com pany, excited considerable opposition. Mr. S. C. Brown moved an amendment to reduce the item by £8000, which was lost by 43 votes to 14. The Appropriation Biil was then passed through all >ts remaining singes, and ordered to lie transmitted to the Legislative Council. The Loan Bill was read a second time, considered in Committee, nnd passed without amendment. It was afterwards rCnd a third time, and ordered to bo forwarded to the Legislative Council. The amendments of the Legislative Council in the State Children's Relief Bill were agreed to. The Liquor Liccnsiug Sus pensory Act Continuation Biil wns then read a secoml time and committed pro forma, the- further consideration being postponed till to- day. A nam- tier of private motions having lioen dealt with, and some withdrawn, the Couftcil'8 amendments in the Anatomy Bill and the A.S.N. Co.'s Act Amend ment Bill were agreed to, the Municipal Baths' Site Acquisition Bill was passed through Com mittee without amendment, nnd the House ad journed at 1,30 until the usual hour to-day. The very much debated item of £1G,000 for the payment of the award of the arbitrators to the Milburrr Creek Copper Mining Company wns dis cussed for about two hours, in tho Legislative Assembly lost night. Those hon. members who were opposed to it, led by Mr. S. C. Brown, took advantage of the Appropriation Bill passing through committee to object to the estimate for the Department of Mines, in which the item is in cluded, nnd a long and at times acrimonious debate ensued. All the old arguments which have been be fore reported at length were reiterated an l>oth sides. Messrs. Brown, Iteid, filattery, Fitzpatrick, O'Connor, M'Kllione, M'Laughliti, Stuart, ami M'Unlloeli were the principal speakers against the item, anil Messrs, Garrett, Wisdom, and Fame I supported it. Tho amendment of Mr. S. C. Brown, to reduce the item by the amount of £800(1, was negatived on division by 43 votes to 14, and the original climate was passed without further oppo sition. The I. eciilative Council last night refused to in validate t he leases which iu 1873 were illegally issued under the the Oyster Beds Act of lSliS. Although the Fisheries Bill proposed to do this without giving compensation, ns the clause for doing so was struck out in the Assembly, hon. mem bers, led by Mr. Darley, would not consent lo treat the owners unjustly, as it was said they hud spent large sums in feeding the beds, relying upon the good faith of the Government. -It was admitted by .Sir John Robertson tlint tiie owners had equitable if not legal rights, and these, he said, would be recognised by a special Bill to be brought in next ses-ion ; although for his own part he would have preferred if the compensatory clause liad been allowed to remain in the Bill. As it was pointed out' that it would be unconstitutional for the Council to originate a charge uoon lite revenue, and as lion, members were unwilling to leave the lessees to the chance of obtaining justice from tiie Assembly, which had already been rcluclant to recognise their ciaitn. An iimcmlmcnt was agreed to, resolving that the leases should not lie disturbed. .Sir John Robertson, who feared that the amendment might endanger the passing of the Bill now that the session wns so nearly closing, was answered by Mr. C. Campbell to the effect that it Would be better for it not to pass than that a wrong should lie done by the high hand of power, which would injure the" moral sense of the community. The Frc.-idcut also agreed that the Bill which took nwny the leases should carry -.villi it the antidote. . The maimer in which the immigration regula tions of 1 -S 7 1 i are carried out may be gathered from the following particulars relative to the immi grants per Devon, nsstated in the Legislative Assem bly Inst night, in reply to a question by Mr. Abigail — out of a total of H'J2 it appears that 133 were English, 208 Irish, 3d Scotch, and 15 belonging to other countries. Under their religious denomina tions 201 were Protestants, 170 Roman Catholics, and 12 belonged to other persuasions. Although it is evident there will shortly be a large intlux of Chinese into the Australian colonies and New Zealand, as the Memuuir is on the rond with uearly 700, it by no means follows that all of tliem are lo he landed in Sydney. Sir Henry I'arkes stated this in tho Legislative Assembly last night, in reply to a question by Mr. A. Abigail, lie also umioiict.-d that it was the intention to intro duce a Bill to regulate Chinese immigration, hut it was the wish of the Government to net con- eurreutly with the Government of Victoria in this natter. In the Legislative Council yesterday, Mr. Stewart gave notice of several questions touching the late disorderly conduct of a number of passen- gets on tho Western line. The hon, gentleman wishes to know whetiier the police have been instructed to proceed against the offenders, nml whether railway officials have been directed how to deal with the authors of suclt riotous be haviour in future. The questions were read amid approval from all sides of the House. The Chapman Estate Bill was read a second time in the Council yesterday, nnd good progress was made with the Fisheries Bill, which was read it second time and nearly carried through com mittee, when Mr. Piddington stayed the proceed ings by calling attention lo the want of it quorum. Leave was obtained to sit again on Monday, to which date, at IOo'clock, the House adjourned after having been informed that the No Liability Mining Companies Bill, the Ilcrrima Railway Bill, and the Church of England Trust Incorporation Bill had been assented to by bis Excellency the Governor. Sir John Robertson announced in the Legislative Council last night that the Government were anxious to prorogue Parliament on- Tuesday or Wednesday next. He therefore asked the House lo sit on Monday in order to get Government busi ness ns forward as possible, aud this wns agreed to without opposition, In consequence of the desire of the Government lo bring the present session of Parliament to a close on Wednesday next, so as to enable it to meet I'ur- liamenl again early in July, it is not their inten tion to proceed with the Fire Brigades Bill, or the Navigation Law Amendment Bill during this session. A discussion took place in- the Legislative As- setnhly last night on Sir Henry Parltes' proposi tion to make next Monday a sitting day of tiie House, in order lo permit of a prorogation on Tuesday, Mr. Com lies pointed out that' lie had a motion on the pnper for Tuesday for the udoption of nn address to lmr Majesty with respect lo the late massacres in the .South" Seas. Mcs-rs. Cope- land and young complained that they would not lia-.e an opportunity, iffthe motion were passed, of discussing motions standing in their names, and Messrs. FilzpntiTck nml Farnell objected to busi ness being hurried through without time for deli- he-ration. Sir Henry Parkes. in complianci with Mr. Combes' request, agreed to a postponement of the prorogation until Wednesday, and tho motion to sit on Monday was passed without division. The Appropriation Bill was passed througiTnll its remaining stages last night in tho Legislative Assembly, and ordered to he forwarded to the I.cgis- lativc Council, flic Colonial 'I rcasurcr in moving the third reading, with the concurrence of tho House, stated that he did so with the desire that 'no time should be lost in paying the salaries of tho civil servants for tho month of March. We are informed tliat the revenue for tho quar- - tor ended yesterday amounts to £1,393,246 lis fd, showing nnincronse over that of the like poriod of last year of £461,765 3s Sd. A special Gazette, lo he issued this afternoon, will give the dctnils. A grand Naval demonstration lias been arranged to take place in Port Jackson on next Tuesday week, the 12th April, which will take the form of a Naval review and shamflght. The arrangements are being made by Commodore Wilson, command ing her Majesty's Australian Fleet, and Captain Hixsnn, on the part 'of the Naval Brigades of Syd ney nnd Newcastle. It is intended to make an attack upon Sydney nt Mrs,- Macqunrie's Chair, which will be defended by a large force of blue jackets from the men-of-.wnr in harbour, nnd about half of the Naval Brigade. The remainder of .tills Nnval Brigade will co-operate with the at tacking vessels, which will land a force in steam launches, cutters, &ee.;, under cover of a benvv fire from the men-of-war.. After tho capture of this point of vantage, tho whole of the forces engaged in the mimic combat will mntcli through "the .Domain, and thenco through the prinoipal streets of tho city, headed by their respective hands The vessels which aro expected to take part in the engagement are the Wolverinp, l'J euns, Commo dore Wilson ; Emerald, 12 guns, Captain Mux- well | Cormorant, G guns. Captain Bruce : Mir anda, 6 guns, Captain Hon. 1C. S. Dawson- Alert, 4 guus, Captain Maclean ; and the men-of- war schooners, each 1 gun— the Alacritv, Conflict, Reynard, Beagle,- and Sandfly. That 'the full details of tho demonstration have not vet teaa finally decided upon, hut it is probable that'thcy will be agreed upon by the two com manding oflicers early next week. Certain it is that it will surpass anything of the kind yet seen in Port Jackson. 'J'he number of worships in port, and the large number of mr ii available for such a demonstration, will render it one ol considerable magnitude, while the presence of tho French, German, and Japanese men-of-war will add to the interest of the scene. It is the intention of Hie Government to appoint Tuesday, April 12, a public holiday for the occasion. The single female immigrants by the ship Devon were advertised to be hire at the depot yester day at noon. Precisely nt that hour the proceed ings commenced, and about 200 ladies were present for the purpose of obtaining at least one of the 21 girls awaiting engagement. It may be imagined that, under these circumstances, con siderable haste and some inconvenience occurred in endeavoring to obtain admission to tho hiring room, which was soon crowded to excess, and the ever-obliging matron, Mrs. Hicks, had Iter hands full in endeavoring to meet all the demands made upon her. Every girl was hired in about 20 minutes — one ns housemaid, the . remainder ns general servants, nt wages ranging from Gs to 10s per week, and averaging 8s Gd. The girls were a strong, hearty lot, nnd the majority evidently hailed from the Emerald Isle. In accordance with a statement made by the. Colonial Secretary in the Legislative Assembly, last night, the second reading of the Local Govern ment Bill will take precedence on Monday next, but will not be further proceeded with this session. It is the intention of the Government to pass the Fisheries' Bill and the Liquor Licensing Suspen sory Act Continuation Bill through their remaining stages before the prorogation. Tho second reading of the Liquor Licensing Suspensory Act Continuation Bill was agreed to in the Legislative Assembly last night. The Bill was, then committed pro forma, ns n discussion was likely to take place upon its provisions, and the Com mittee obtained leave to sit again to-day. The State Children's Relief Bill— better known ns the Destitute Children's Boarding-Out Bill— has only now to receive tho Royal assent to l>ecome law. The Legislative Assembly last night agreed to the amendment of the Legislative Council with out division. The Public Works Loan Bill wns read a second time in tho Legislative Assembly Inst night, after which it wits passed through Committee of the Whole without amendments, and eventually read a third time, nnd ordered to be sent to the Legisla tive Council. The Diraond licensing case came before the Legislative Assembly last night, cn a motion by Mr. Garrett, for the validation of the license obtained by Mr. Ditnond on the llth June, 1SS0. After some discussion, the debate was closed, and the motion withdrawn, on the statement of the Premier that if Mr. Dimond were fined for selling under the license lie had obtained, under the cir cumstances, the Government would remit Hie tines. In the Legislative Assembly last night, the amendments of the Legislative Council in the Anatomy Bill, were agreed to without discussion or division. The saute course was also pursued with regard to the Australian Steam Navigation Act Amendment Bill. The Orient steamer Lusiiania was telegraphed off Glenelg at 10 o'cltjck lust night. Elias i. iy- eoek, it will he remembered, is a passenger, and will be in Sydney about the middle of next week. The steamship Rotomalmna, which arrived from New Zealand on Sunday, brought 265 pick, and shovel men, under engagement to the contractors for the extension of the Great Northern railway. The steamship Wakatipu, which arrived yesterday, brought 115 steer, -ige passengers. The Sydney Fish Company's new premises in Pitt-street were opened yesterday morning under most favourable auspices. The fish is caught in the neighbourhood of Port Stephens where it is placed in a refrigerating house and brought to Sydney in a frozen condition. One side of the shop is devoted to every description of fish, while the other is set apart for poultry, .shellfish, lobsters, tinned fish, xo. From early morning the place was crowded with purchasers, and a large business was done during the day. Wc understand that it is the intention of the Government to gazette Tuesday, 12th April, n public holiday in the Government departments to enable the Civil servants to he present at the naval demonstration which is appointed to take plrtee on that day. An application was made to have the date altered to Thursday, 13th April, in order that the Easter holidays might extend from Wednesday afternoon till the Tuesday following, hut tho Colonial Secretary declined to accede to it. A meeting of the Finance Committee of the Sydney Municipal Council was held yesterday afternoon at the Town Hall, the Mayor (Alderman J. Harris) presiding. The pay bill and accounts, amounting to £15G0 ISs and £3820 respectively, were ordered to be paid. Alderman Chapman moved, tind it was agreed to, that the following resolution he recommended to the Council for adoption — "That application be made to the Hyde Park Committee for permission to erect public salt-water baths on that portion of Phillip Park in a direct line between the Blind Institution nnd the wateh-house." The City Architect pre sented designs for the erection of a drinking foun tain, the cost to be defrayed by the gift of the Hon. J. Frnzcr to the Council. On tho motion of Alderman Lees, it was recommended that two fountains should be erected, oue in Hyde Park and the other in front of the Town Hall, During tho meeting the captalu aud three chief oiliccrs of the Japanese man-of-war Uiujio, at present lying in P. i nn Cove, were introduced to his Worship and the aldermen, nnd after the usual salutations the visitors were shown over the building by Alderman Hordern. The Mayor is still in ignorance as lo the inten tions of the Government with respect to the en gagement of Mr. Oswald Brown to report upon the water supply to the oity. No answer hud been re ceived by him yesterday, and ) visibly it will not be until the prorogation of Purlimnent that tho decision will be made known. The tramway along Crown-street, from Oxford- street to Cleveland-street, is evidently to be the next one on the list for construction. In reply to Mr. Poole, the Colonial Tieasurer stated, in the Legislative Assembly, last night, that lenders for the work would he called for in a week or 10 days. Considering the papulous district it will traverse, it ought to pay as well, or better, than any yet opened. We have been informed tliat in consequence of Sunday next, the 3rd April, being a grand national Japanese holiday, there will he grand doings on hoard H.I.J.M.S. lliugio, now lying in Farm Cove, High holiday will be observed on hoard through out the tiny, and the ship will he open for the in spection of visitors. The event will be celebrated in the evening by a grand display of fireworks. The vessel will also be open to visitors from 2 to 4 o'clock this afternoon. Wo have ascertained that Mr. Lackey, the Minister for Public Works, although somewhat re covered from his indisposition, is still unable to attend to his official duties. Ho was necessarily absent from the Legislative .Assembly Inst night, and the deputations appuinted lo wait upon him to-day have been postponed. The name of the lion, member for the Hawkes- bury, Mr. Alexander Bowman, did not appear in the division on Mr. Melville's motion, on Tuesday night, nor in the list of pairs. This, we under- stand, was in consequence of the neglect of au hon. member who undertook to get some other member to pair with Mr. Bowman. The latter left tbo House before the division, hut had he been present lie would have voted in favour of keeping the Museum and Library open on Sundays, and had it not been for tint arrangement about pairing he would have remained to vote. In the Victorian Assembly on Tuesday even- ing, Mr. Berry s.id, in reply to a question from the leader of the Opposition, Mr. Murray Smith, tliat he intended to go on with the Land- tax Amendment Bill, then bring down the Trea surer's Estimates, in which would be included the Charitable Endowments vote und municipal subsi dies; pass the Appropriation Bill, nnd close the session, if possible, on 'Tuesday, April 5. A_telcgmm from Dunedin, New Zealand, which nppears in the Wellington papers of the IGth March, says : — " It is stated that a position in the Union Bank here lias been offered to Spofforlh, the Australian bowler," A multiplicity of offences, chargeable to a single prisoner, seems to he on tho Increase just at pre sent, but the mnuDcr in which themngistrates treat such cases will prove thnt the drunkenness, which leads to the other charges, is not tho only one of tho number punished, A mar, linmed James Johnson, alias Stein, was fined by tho Cen tral Police Court magistrates yesterday £1 and costs for being drunk. He was fined 3a Gd for dnmnging tho shirt of a man named John Duffy, who assisted the arresting constable, aud for as saulting the snme person he was sentenced to two months' imprisonment. Not content with the amusoment ho had already had, he attacked a man nomcd John Mnlonoy, who was n fellow-prisoner with him in tho Central lookup, nnd kicked, hit, and scratched him in a furious maimer. For this assault he wns sentenced to two months' nddi- tionnl imprisonment. A lad named John Riley, aged 13, was taken to the Infirmary yesterday suffering from the effects of immersion in the city baths. h rattcis nnd Ann Brown who aro chnrgcd with stealing a hag containing money nnd jewellery of the value of £11 from a cab under the circum stances related in the Telegraph of tho 24th tilt, were brought up on remand nt the Water Police Court yesterday, nnd committed for trial. The usual fortnightly meeting of tho Trades nnd Labour Council was held last night at the Royal Hide Park Hotol, Bnthurst-slreet. The President Mr, H, Crockett, presided. The following societies were represented Carpenters and Joiners i2 societies), 1 ronmouldcrs, Shipwrights Seamen's Umo.n, Boilermakers, Newcaatlo Labour League Ooaoltnjakers, Bricklayers, Quavrywen, Plasterers,' Curriers, Sydney united Labourers Society and Coopers. The correspondence was read nnd re ceived from different societies that bad voted sums to the curriers uow on strike, ('mieerning (he ' curriers' strike, Mr. Bey Ian "e said lie had nothing (o report, except tliat. the dount ions received for the curriers on strike had amounted to £225, and other sinus amounting lo about £GD bad been promised. The report of the eommillee appointed to secure a room for the council was adopted. Mr, Dooley called the attention of the Council to a strike wliich occurred last Monday at Ooulburn, at the new gaol through an infringement on the eight hours' system. No action was taken, and after the transaction of some important business the Council adjourned. Owing lo tiie success which attended the first production of .Mr. Kowalski's lyric drama, " Ver- cingetorix" nt the Garden Palace Inst night, it has been arranged that a second performance shrill be given to-night. Tiie members of the chorus are requested to bo present, as the shortness of the time may preclude individual notice. The Manning Times is father rough, although the irony be gentle, on Mr. . Foratcr. It says : "He will do what he thinks is right, provided always that nobody makes any attempt to induce H him to do it 1" j The Orient Company's steamer Lusitanin, wliich left London on February 1G and Suez on Murcli 4, j will bring out in her frigidnrinm 268011)3 of fish. i consisting of Scotch salmon, soles, turbot nnd fresh i haddock. The lot will be sold by tender, very 1 probably in Melbourne, unless New South Wales S purchasers forestall other buyers. | An entertainment took place yesterday evening, | in St. Silas' school-room, Waterloo, in aid of the I funds of the Waterloo nnd Alexandra Fire Brigade. I The music was given by the Australian Minstrels,' I and it afforded great plea-ture throughout the f evening. Messrs. Delohcy, Gradon, and Mullbol- 1 Intnl gave a treble stature clog dance, which was | muck applauded.' Mr, Macnnmarn sang in very a pleasing style " Sweet Chiming Bells." a The annual general meeting of the Western K Suburbs Musical Society was held in the presence $ of a numerous company, at Burwood, in the School $ of Arts, on Monday evening Inst. Dr. P. Sydney 3 Jones, the president, took the chair, and 'spoke very enthusiastically in praise of the society's " movements so fur, and mentioned his willingness to i'j assist, as far ns possible, their operations, speaking ) specially of the advantages of a musical tuition 4 The hon. secretary's and hon. treasurer's annual 'j reports were then read, the adoption of whicli was j moved by Mr. T. B. Robin, seconded by Mr S Hebblewhite. The members, assisted by the < orchestra, then rendered some musical coniposi- ') tions, including the favourite chorus "The ' Bridal," with a few solos. A most enjoyable eve- ' ning was finished hv the members and their 1 friends having several dances in the body of Hip :.j hall. ' Marathon " will lie the next cantata p.-r- ' formed by this society. On Tuesday evening last the mcmlicrx of the 5 Fly to the Rescue Lodge, No. 104, I.OGT, Petersham, gave an entertainment in the .form of f an open meeting ami concert in their ledge room, | j the Working-men's Institute, There was aged p attendance of visitors, amongst whom was I'.ro W- i B. James, G.W.T.. Bro. 8. Brown, G.W.C., Bin F ! Toms, W.O.T., and the officers of the Hope of Hy.l- ' ney Lodge, No. 65. A very fair programme was arranged by the W.L.D. (Bro. B. Bowmalcer) in cluding nddrcsaes, songs, and recitations by the t members, ably assisted by tho members of Hie S Hope of Sydney Lodge, and other friends of the temperance cause. After a vote of tiianks to the ;:j singers, a very pleasant evening was brought to a jg close about 10 o'clock by the company singing tho National Anthem. ; s Mr. Henry W. Chapman, who some eight or nine 5 months ago gave au entertainment in the Pro- j tcstiint Iiall, solely by himself, and oon-isting of a : sr series of recitations, repeated the performance on 5 Wednesday evening last, at the same place, with ' even greater success than attended his lirst efforts ' The friends of this young gentleman mustered in large numbers' on this occasion, the hall being rt crowded to excess. A programme comprising a large f i number of selections from Shakespeare, Tennv«on, Poe, and others, were gone through with a degree of « confidence truly surprising and highly creditable '?« to the performer, who is evidently gifted with a 5 wonderful mental. organisation. At the conclusion ' of eacli piece he was met with rounds of nppluu«e <. from his hearers, . . The following memorandum, from his Excel- ' leucy the Marquis of Norinanby.'lias been received by the Mcll>ourne City Council : — " The Governor ' regrets that lie is obliged to bring under the notice : ' of tiie Government the extreme inconvenience ex- perieneed at Government House from the stench '< which arises from the Varra. The nuisance is one which has increased during - the last year, and ; - unless some steps are taken to abate the evil it ! will soon become itn possible to inhabit Govern- ' 1 nient House. The smell is no doubt worse of an evening, and when the wind is in the east or south- - ;i east, but it is nut exclusively confined to those ' a quarters, and it is consequently impossible to op-n any of the windows in consequence of the disgust- i'.'.J ing smell which comes in. The Governor, in 'i bringing under the notice of the Government the ..'.j inconvenience which he himself experiences from A' this cause, would at the same time remind them J j that the same inconvenience nuist be experienced ' by thousands of inhabitants of Melbourne, nnd N that it cannot fail to have a most injurious effect M upon the health of the city. He trusts that no hi time may he lost in instituting a proper inquiry ) into Hie origin of the nuisance, nnd taking such M steps as may he necessary for its removal." The N matter was referred to the Health Committee ji ? We have received from Messrs. Gibbs, Shallard nnd M Co. copies of their baudy little pocket diary for s.f April. It appears in the usual form, corrected up to )"» date. A general rehearsal of the juvenile choir which will -i-l take part in the grand temperance festival at the »'i Gprden Palace, on Easter Monday, will he held in 3t- JM James's schoolroom, Elizabeth-street, on Saturday afternoon. , A Court of Petty Sessions will be held at tho Town Hall, Newtown, on Thursday, April 14, for hearing ry appeals against tho assessment for the borough ot -j - Petersham for tho current municipal year. 