THEATRE ROYAL. \ Mr. W• H.Lexke is andther exhmplo of tie legicra of- actors who have from the days of Shakapeare essayed-the portrayal of biigreat • creation, Hamlet,-with hot ittftlef more to resom* maid them as exponents of the part than a Love of Shakspearian tragedy. - Mr. - Leake,-" like : many of those who have gone before .hitu, hah ; read, and probably even studied Shakspawj, I untll with the ambition'wbich is- eharac'teristio l of wculdlbe-professional stare he has'dounedrtbe ! suit of sable and'appeared before the footlights as i the melancholy Prince.' Mr. Leake's conception ef ■ the character as presented at the Theatre Royal on Friday night is neither batter nor worse-than ' that -of many -au- aotor who has trcd tbe.same I : boards before him,-but Mr. Leako labors under physical-disadvantages that have'not-belonged j to the majority of the'minor Hisnletst who from. ! timetotimehaveappeaiedattheKoyal. Aa'actos ! who, with but veryindiffcrent supp art, can sustain I the weight of such a role with moderate success i is deserving of a word of commendation" for-hia j perseverance, and his intelligentcoucfepiioa of a j part that he is net altogether fitted, to fill, and in this way only can-Mr.-Leake be-entitled to i the approbation of the critic. As a tragedian ! Mr. Leake is of too robust a type for j the jesthetical" Hamlet.. In his - movemeuts j he lacks -the dignity of the --prince and tho I grace of-the courtier j and his utterance is so ; much marred'by his very ptfonotaosad HiboraiBa j American accent that- the beautied of the prin cipal passages in the play are entirely lost by it. His reading of -the part throws no new I light upon- the vexed question of- whether j Hamlet was or was nob mad, and ia no portion of the play/did his rendition of the character rise above iriediocrity. Hia liest effect!, ^trhagis, was in the aloset sceno, which obtained lorchfm the recognition-of a call- before; the, curtain. -As we'have before indicated; Dir. 'Leake was, but iemely.supported. Kiss Eemble was not iu her element as Ophelia. Although ^ she appeared with credit in the; earlier acts her assumption in the mad scene, was inartistic, and her voice wanted the'rmusi cal softness • that is necessary to enlist- the sympathies of the audience.. Miss Julia Met ton has not the emotional power-that is requisite in the Queen". 'Mr. Vincent, asthe ghost, was-oare ful and effective in his> delivery, but we ques tion wkether.be was'justified in-making a run ning exit from the stage.in the- chamber scene, The other characters domat callfonapeoial-meni tion, but may be described"as -weak tbcoughouti 