?'/.,. ST. CHARLES' ?' ECCLESIASTICAL SEMINARY, BAT1IU11BT. THE Ecclesiastical ^ominary at Bathurst, bearing the name of St. Charles Eovromeo, and which ia the first institution of it a kind tluit lias boon buo cosBfully csfcublisliod in tlio .Australian colonies, ?was eolomnly blessed and oponcd by his Grace tho Archbishop of Sydney, on Sunday las\ in the presence of a, great and brilliant gathering, in oluding his Lordship the Eight Eev. Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst ; his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Gkmlburn ; and priests and laity from all parts of the colony. The gratitude of Catholics throughout Australia — ? for tho seminary will not be of merely local ad vantage — is due to his Lordship the Bishop of Bathurst for his courage in undertaking a work of such magnitude, and his zeal in bringing that work to an eminently successful issue. Knowing fcho groat strength and powor such aa institution would bo. to tho Church in this land, and feeling kconlytho difficulty of any longer adequately providing from abroad for tho over-incroaning upiritunl wants of hie oxtonnivo diocoDO, Dr. Quinn resolved a fow ycaro oineo to place at tho disposal oi' hia people an eincient incana of educating their own Bonn for tho sorvico of God, and ao catabliohing a, nativo prioathood. Nobly did tho Catholico of Bathurst -and tho Durrounding districts respond to the Biohop'o appeal for aid, 'and tho result is that at the pre sent time the EocloBiastical Seminary ia in a flourishing condition. Already six of its students have been ordained, and are zealously working in various parts of the dioeoso — a glorious promise of a grand future for this most useful and valuable institution. St. Stanislaus' College and St. Charles' Seminary, although forming part of tho ono edifice — a noblo structure, erected on tho finest and most commanding site in Bathurnt — aro totally distinct in character and management. Sfc. Stanislaus', which was opened in 1873, is a lay college, and io at tho present time attended by aome sixty students. Tho foundation stone of tho Ecclesiastical Seminary wao laid in STovomboi1, 1876, and the building vrao completed in 1879 ; but on account of bad oeaoono and othor unfavourable circumstanced, the formal opening waa deferred till tho prosont time. The Kev. Esther John Ryan, who liao since joinod tho Socioty of Jeuua, was tho firat rector, and tho following clorgymen wore ordainod after completing their studies at the Seminary : — Eev. Father Byrne, now a profoaoor at St. Charles' j Rev. Father O'Kennedy ; Rev. Father M'Namarra, now of Bourko ; Rov. P. Kelly, now otationed at Wontworth ; Rov. Martin Long, who is now in charge of tho Bourko Mission, and tho Rev. P. Lynch. Tho numbor of gentlemen who aro now preparing for tho priesthood is thirteen. Tho Rev. Father BCoran is president of both establishments, and Rov. P. Davern, Rov. Father Byrno, and Rov. Jamoo Casey aro the profosaoro of St. Charles'. The Very Rovt Father Horan, who, wo regrot to efcalie, MIILIlKlftMm»rij1i.iL.iuii..i....l.tu.i..xi.iJU».,.M..tw»^.ip.miji..i.»,.ii,-.»«.i i in ; , , .-..._..hi[TjuM.jV»V is not enjoying good health, io at present; sa Sydnoy, and hio place io temporarily filled by. the Kov. P. Corcoran. Tho erection of tho Seminary' hnn con'o altogothoi' about -25120, end tho whole Mock including 3fc.3ta.niGlauoovor £15,000. Whon St. Ohavloo' wao commenced tho ram o2 S1988 wan placed upon tho oornor otono, leaving a dobfe of aome £3000, which cum, owing to tho munifi cent generooity oxhibitod on Sunday Inofc,hr/i1)con reduced hj £2200. Hio Lordohip Dr. Quinn, winning to nmlso thp - opening coremonial ao infcoi'oafcing end inopooiag as pocoiblo, invited tho Archbioliop o£ Sydney. and tho chief oooleoiastioal digniforioa end olorgy in thio and tho neighbouring colonioo to bo p*p». aent. Archbiohop Vaughe-n r^nd. Biohop licni^on attended, togethoi* with c. groat numbor ol' eloTgy-. men, but tho other proltitoo wove,&om; c vcxicbyjo2, circumofcancea, unablo to acoopt Dr. Qumn'o in^ vitation. Tho Archbishop, the Biohop .oi! Covd? burn, Rev. J. P. Fitzpatrick, Eev. John 'CV/cv S.J., Very Rov. Pore Joly, S.M., Kov. Scxzatf Horan, Rev. Father Gallagher, Sir ' 2?atrio^; j a o M 9 fcd I 3 Jennings, KO.M.Gk, and a pavfcy of influential Catholic gentlemen loffc Sydney at 9 o'clock on (Saturday morning, and, after a moot pleasant journey, arrived at Bothurofc about dunk. It wao raining fta tho train left tho city, but after proceeding _ a few mileo into the country fchoro was a delightful change, the weather being all that could bo deoiral, and everything looked bright and green. A crowd of come hundrods of poroono hod congregated in and near tho Bafchurot railway otation, and tho oppoarenco of tho train whioh brought the Arch bishop and pavby wed tho signal for loud and long-continued cheering. His Grace and Dr. Lanignn were accorded a hearty welcome. They were received by Dr. Quinn and hio clergy, and driven to the Bishop's residence amidst tho enthusiastic applause of the aoaembled crowd. The clerical visitors -were entertained at tho college. Tho early Mcmos on Suuday morning at tho Cathedral of S3. Michael and John were vory largely attended, and shortly beforo ten o'olock preparations wore made for tho procession which ?woo to form the first part of tho day'c pro ceodingo. Tho v/oather was gloriously fine, and the oity looked at its beot ; in fact it would have been imposoiblo to have had a brighter, clearer, or moro -plecoanfc day for a celebration of thio do ooription. At half -past 10 the procession left the Cathedral, and by that time the streeto in tho immediate vicinity were thronged with people. Tho procetioion wao a really splendid spectacle — although there wao no attempt at mere vulgar ohow — and all the arrangernenta were carried out with si great degreo of success. The impooing pageant waB headed by tho mom bero o£ the Bathurot Guild Band, who played the 'Holy Family,' tho 'Sacred Heart,' and other appropriate oaored marchoo, after whom came the A.H. C. -iS-uild in their handsome regalia, to tho number of over one hundred, undor the direction of Mr. Q'Koefo, Warden, Mr. Alderman J. Kelcher, Bursar, and Mr. Eyan, eccrefcaiy. The fine appearance of thio largo body of mon X7&S; fcho oubject of gonernl comment. The Hibernian Society walked nest, and in thoir riohly voi'tod saoheo of green and gold they ?Dsaoontod a hc,ndoomo appearance. Moot of tho mombera o£ tJiio Qoeiefcy and nearly the wholo of fche Guild wore the ribbon or the Confraternity of the Holy Family. ITesfc came thoBO membero of the Confraternity of the Holy Family who did not belong to either of the oocioties already men tioned, and they were followed by the membero of tho Sacred Heart oodality and the pupilo of the Convent of Mercy, who carried in their ranko a beautiful banner of white Bilk. Tho children of Mary in their pretty blue capes followed immediately after the Uonvont children, and they too, carried a very elegant ban ner bearing upon it a representation of tho Blessed Virgin. Somo one hundred and thirty boyo from the Catholic Denominational School, under Mr. O'Brien, walked nest ; and then came tho Dtudento of Sfc. Stanislaus' College, to tho number of forty-five. The nest place in the procession waa ocoupied by the students of St. Chcrleo' Seminary, who were preceded by a cross-bearer and acolytes. Then came the priests aooording to rank, and lastly their Lordships the Biohopo of Bafchurst and Goulburn in their episcopal robeo. The route of the procession, which was lined with poople, was along William street, by Piper and|Bentinck streets to the college, and the procession looked particularly grand and picturesque as it wended its way up the College Hill. On entering the grounds of St. Stanislaus' tho processionista divided and formed long lines,, through which tho bishops and clergy passed to the temporary church erected near the northern entrance of the Ecclesiastical Seminary. The large marquee, which for the nonce did duty ao a church, was densely crowded with people, and when the necessary preparations had been made the bishops and clergy marched in procession to the great hall of St. Charles', where hio (3iv.ee tho Archbishop, who was robed in his pontificals, performed the impressive ceremony of the bless ing, being attended during the solemn function by the Eev. J. P. Fitzpatriek; of Sydney. The chanting during tho ceremonial was effectively performed by the otudents of the Seminary. The blessing finished, tho procession of ecclesiastico and aeolytes re-entered the marque in the came order that it had left, and High Mass was im mediately commenced, the celobrant being the Bev. Father Byrne, deacon Rev. D. O'Kennedy, sub-deacon Rev. Mr. Ourran, while the ceremonies were directed by tho Rev. Mr. Casey. A remark able feature in connection with this interesting celebration was that all those v/ho took an active part in tho day s eeremomeo were with uhe oxeep of the Archbishop students or ex-studento of Sfc. Charles'. Tho Bishop of Bathurot pre sided in cappa magna on the Goopol side of Sanotuary, having hiD Lordship Dr. Lanigan on Mb right, whilo hio Grace tho Archbishop and hio Bating chaplain, Father Fitzpatrick, ocoupied places on the opposite side Tho following clergymen and oeveral othoro were present : — Very. Eev. Dr. Byrne, Eov. P. Corcoran, Sev. P. Davevn, Eov. Jameo Oaoey, Eov. P. Riordan, Eov. P. Lynch, Rev. P. Byrne, of Bathurot ; tho Vary Rev. Pero Joly, and Eev. John Ryan, S.J., Sydnoy ; Rov. Father Gallagher, President of Sfc. Patrioli'o College, Goulburn ; Rov. Fathor Mathewo, latb Preoidont of tho Sacred Heart College, West Maitland ; Rev. James Horan, of Warwick, Queenoland ; Very Rev. D. J. D'Arey, of Parkes ; Very Sev. Dr. M'Auliffe, Forbes : Bev. D. A. M'Grath, Oorcoar ; Rev. J. O'Dono Tan, Mudgeo ; Rev. T. J. Walsh, Wellington ; Bev. J. Dunne, Dubbo ; Rov. James Kelly, Orange ; Sov. Jamoa O'Donnell, of Hill End ; and Eev. Demo ©'Kennedy, O'Gonnell'o Plains. Among fcho congregation wo noticed Sir Patrick Jennings, K.O.M.G., M.L.A. ; Mr. T. M. Slattory, M.L.A. ; Mr. F. S. Mncdormctt, Mr. E. J. Bubio, and Mr. Thomao Dalton, J.P., of Sydney ; Mr. W. Morgan, Mr. Maher, and Mr. J. J. Byan, of Dubbo j Mr. Jatneo Dolfcon, K.S.G1., and Mr. Valentino Hoaton, of Orango ; Dr. 'Boafcfcie, of Parramatta ; Mr. John Meagher, J.P., Mr. Alderman James Kelaher, Mr. W. Gt, Stophons, Mr. Alderman James Fitzpatrick, Mr. D. Fitzpatriolc, Mr. F. B. Konny, Mr. W. Hull, Mr. E. H. Parker, Mr. F. M'Konny, Mr. J. Do Clone t, and many other influential Catholic gentlemen. Tho sanctuary wao' neatly carpeted, and tho altar taotefully decorated y,rit,h flovoro and other ornanicnto. A small but thoroughly cflleiont choir, under tho direction of Mr. M M'Cf.rthy, rendered tho Muss music with much care and intelligonco, Mr. Holland, the organist of tho Cathedral, playing tho instrumon tal parts. Tho whole of tho music sung, with tho exception, of the G-loria and Credo (which wcro composed by Eete) was from Brundrit'a Mass, and the chiof singers were the Missoa Hall, Fifczpatrick, and Parker, Mr. J. C. II. Kelly, W. G. Stephens, T. Snow, J. Mahony, and J. Connor. Mias Hall's singing was particularly noticeable for its excellence. At the conclusion of tho Mass, hio Lordship Dr. Quinn from the Altar steps pronounced the Pontifical Blessing, and then the Kov. Fafchor John Ryan, S.J., of Sydney, aud who was formerly Rector of St. Charles', ascended the pulpit and preached an eloquent and scholarly sermon. Ho aaid : — ' All power io given to mo in hoaven and on earth ?. going therefore teach yo all nations.' (Matt, xxviii. 18.) My, LordB, Rov. Fathers, dearly beloved brethren, the purpose for which wo are assembled hero to-day suggests for our considera tion a subject of interest and importance Wo have come to assist at tho solemn opening of an Ecclesiastical Seminary, which io destined for the education and training of Catholic priests, and as we live at a time and in a country whero the Catholic priesthood io misunderstood and misre presented, it will not bo out of placo, on such an occasion ao the present, to call to mind what that priesthood io ; what is its mission ; how it has fulfilled that miosion in tho past, and what may be expected from it in the future. In every society there io an essential element which is necessary to its existence ; that eloment is autho rity. We oeo, for instance, in civil oociefcy, that all its membors are not on tho samo level — somo command ; others obey — there are legislatoro to make laws, judges to administer them, magistrates to enforce them. Were it otherwise there would be no aocurity for life and property, no order, no union, and, consequently, no oociety at all. !Wow, tho Church of God, instituted by our Lord Joouo ChriBfc, is a society consisting of a Divine and human eloment ; of a human element, becauoo she io composed of men ; of a Divine olemont, because oho io vivified by the Holy Ghoot, who teaches hor all things and io to abide with her for ever. Both these elements combine, liko 30iil and body, to form one persona moral it, one per fect oociety. And if in every society a ruling body io necessary to preserve order and union, it io much moro necessary in that vast society, the Church of God, that opreado throughout all nations and io to last to tho end of time Hence wo find that our Lord, in instituting the Church, did not make all His followers equal ; but He se lected some whom ho appointed to rule the real ; and even in this ruling body we soe a regular grada tion — some subject to others, and all obeying one head. The Gospel tolls us He chose twelve of KiD followers whom He named apostles, and to whom He gave the government of Hin Church. He also selectod seventy-two other disciploo whom He subjected to the ApoDtleo, aud who wero to aosiat them in preaching and in the other offices of tho ministry. Besides from tho Apostleo He took one, St. Peter, whom He constituted head over all, and to whom Ho gave supremo authority in His Church. ' Thou art Peter, and upon thio rock I will built my Clmrch, and I will give to thee the keys of tho Kingdom of Heaven ; and whatever thou loose on earth shall be loooed also in Hoaven, and whatever thou nhalt bind upon earth oha.ll bo bound nlso in Heaven.' Behold here, my brethren, tho Hierarchy of the Church, tho Catholic priesthood. These sovonty- two disciples represent tho priests, the twclvo Apostles, the biohopo, and Sfc. Peter, the Pope, Christ's Vicar on earth. And behold hero loo tho principle of that unity which rendoro tho Catholic Church an object of wonder oven to her onomies. Spread though sho is throughout tho world, embracing peopleo of every tonguo, of ovory nation, of every race ; lasting throughout all ages, seeing the rise and fall of all other institutions, of dynasties, kingdoms, empires, ropublics — yet, owing to this sacred hierarchy, oho remains always the ' oamo — semper eadem — knowing no ohango nor ohadow of alteration — preserving intact that perfect unity, for which our Lord so earnestly prayed — tho pooplo subject to tho prieot3, tho prioDto to the bishops, the bishops to tho Popo, tho succeaoor of St. Petor, Christ's vicar on earth, and visible head of the Church. And now, my brethren, what io the misoion of thio groat body ? Our Lord Himself tells no in tho words of this day's Gospol. ' All powor io given to mo in heaven and on earth : going thoroforo teach yo all nations.' In those wordo we 000 that tho great mission of tho prioothood io to teach. But thoy aro to teach — not as the Seriboc and Pharisees — but 00 having authority, as ambnssadoro of Chripb and dioponsoro of tho mysteries of God. They aro to teach not tho oubtlo theories and opocula tiono of tho philosophers of old ; but thoy aro to teach tho religion of the one true God, tho faith and doctrino of His only Son, Christ Jesus our Lord. 'Going thcro foro, teach yo all nations, teaching thorn to observe all thingo whatsoever I have com manded you.' And observe, my brothron, the boundleos extent of this miosion. 'No placo is excepted, no matter how remote, or how difficult of access, for they are to go into tho wholo world, as St. Mark hao it, and preach tho Goopel to every creature Their mission extends to all time, for thoy are to continuo thoir work till tho consummation of tho world. There is no class, no tribe, no people, no nation, no rnoa, that io not to hear the glad tidings. Thoy are equally dobtora to all, to rich and poor, to learned and ignorant, to Jew and gentile, to Groek and bar barian. Suoh thon io tho grand mission of tho priesthood — to toaoh tho nations in the natno and by the authority of Jesus Christ. Let us now boo how they hare fulfilled that niiseion. On tho day of Ponteoosfc tho Holy Ghost, accord ing to tho promise of our Lord, doscondod upon tho ApoDtloo, and then oommonceel thoir miosion. Tho Apostloa como forth from tho CronacuUim now mon. Thoy who boforo had nhut thomoolvcn up for fear of the Jews, now boldly preach Josub OhriLit in tho public «t recta of Jerusalem. Tho multitudes are enraptured by the burning elo quence of truth and charity. At St. Peter'o flrot oormon three thousand are converted, and at hio second discourdo five thousand moro enrol thom scIvcg among tho followers of the Orucifiod. And not. only by wordo did tho Apostles convince the multitudes of tho truth of thoir mission, but much more by their miracles, which proved boyond 1 question that thoy were oonl; by God. At tho nruno of Jesus thoy cauno tho lamo to walk, tho blind to see, the deaf to hear, and the dead to rioo. ' And by fcho hands of tho Apostleo,' oays tho in spired text, wcro many oigno wrought among tho people Insomuch that fchojr brought forth tho oiok into tho streets and laid thorn on bods and couches, that v/hon St. Peter camo hio ohadow at least might ovorohadow any of them, and thoy might bo delivered from thoir infirmitioo.' Scoing thoso wondoro tho mull.itudo of boliovoro wore daily increased and tho High Priest and Sadduooeo wore filled with envy. Tho Apootleo wero draggod boforo tho council of .Sanhedrim, scourged and commanded to preach no more tho name of Josuo. But thoy wont forth from Lho presonco of tho council rejoicing that thoy wore accounted worthy to suiter reproach for tho name of Joouo, and preached to tho people with ronowod fervour. Why noed I go on ? Tho Apostles spread over tho faco of tho oarfcli everywhere preaching tho Gospel of Christ, ao thai; in n short timo St. Paul wan able to say that tho faith of Jesus Christ was spoken of in the wholo world, and to apply to the Apostles thoso words of tho Royal Prophet — ' Their sound hath gone forth into all the earth, and their wordo unto tho ends of tho wholo world.' And now tho Roman Empiro, oooing the rapid spread of Christianity, begins to got alarmod, and rooolvos to stamp it out without delay. Doath in ito moot terrible forms wao tho penalty for being a Christian. The Apootloo wore of course the first; objects of attack. The Apootlo3 paasod away to their reward, leaving their mission and their spirit to thoir faithful followers. Tho Biiccesoorn of the Apostloo followed oach other with steady step to the rack, tho gibbot, and tho wild boasts, holding aloft the torch of faith and passing it on to their next successors. The conflict continued for three hundred years. The mightiest power the world has ever Been used all its might to crush Christi anity. The Roman Empiro v/as soaked in tho blood of millions of martyrs. But if God bo for us, who is agtunofc us ? The oonteofc coasod at last, and victory declared for tho truth. Tho face of the world was changed. At the voice of Christ's nnniotors tho idolo had fallen to piecoo, tho tomplos of Oho falso gods wore deserted ; tho philosophers of the Lyceum, tho Academy, and tho Portico now enrolled themselvos among the disoiplco of Jesuo Christ ; a Christian monarch sat on tho throne of the Csosars ; tho Roman eagle gavo place to the cross ; and tho Kingdom of Jeauo Christ wao estonded far boyond tho utmoot limits of the Roman world. Who was it that restrained the haughty Barons, and Kings, and Emperors of tho Middle Ages ? Who was it that dared to cross thoir wills in (lotonce or rignu ana innocenoo r vviio was ib that stood between tho oppressor and tho op pressed, and wrung from fcyraiafce the groat charters of constitutional liberty ? Who was it, in a word, that founded and built up tho civilization of which tho nineteenth century fools do proud ? Will any unprejudiced student of history deny that theoo and many othor blessings have como to un through that great body whom Christ has called tho salt of earth, and the light of tho world, and to whom Ho gave the mission of teaching tho nations ? And if, paosing from tho middles ages, we look later on, we see again tho samo energy, tho camo zoal, tho same vivifying power of tho Catholic priesthood. And looking round tho world in our own day, do wo not oeo tho Cafcholio priesthood, in spite of persecution, calumny, and ingratitude, still fulfilling ito glorious mission, fresh and vigorous ao over P That great body spreads itself over the face of tho earth doing good to all, still toaching tho oamo Faith that wao preached by St. Peter on Ponticost, To spread that Faith it endures tho burning rayo of the tropics and tho perpotual cold of tho frigid zone ; it faooo tho perils of the ocean and tho desert ; it Diiffors hunger, and cold, and nakednooo, and ditiicultieo oi every Kind. Who io it that inspires thoughts of virtue, that upbraids vice, that conooleo tho aflhcted, that io found by the oide of the dying and plaguo otricken with ouch zeal, and charity, and conotancy ao tho Catholic priest ? Abolish tho priosthood, and would not the world return to worse than paganism ? And if over thoro wao a time when tho ministry of that great body wao nocoscary for fcho oalvation of society it surely io at tho present day. A mighty earthquake io rocking the moral ground on whioh society io founded. Infidelity boldly raises its head scoffing at all religion. Infidol lootures are advertised in tho public proas and attonded by numbers. Immorality 13 losing its loathaoBionoBS, what God calls abominations are boginning to bo regarded moroly ao indiscrotiono. Society is ront by secret associations of vast magnitude whoso avowed object io to lovel the throne as well as the altar. Authority io no longer respected. Crowned heada may no longer appear in tho streets of their own capitals. Their irnporial palaces are paved with dynamite, and careful supervision must bo exorcised ovor overy bit thoy oat and every drop thoy drink lest it prove their doath. If thoy walk in fcho noon-day tho revolver of tho aocaasin is lovollod at thorn, or thoy are horribly mutilated by bombshells. ITor dooo tho ovil stop horo ; but, ao our Holy Fathor Leo XIII. sayo in tho Jubilee Letter, which Into been recently received from Rome, ' Tho contagion io spreading more and more ; tho nations are daily falling into greater miseries j human authority has no checks loffc sufiloionfc to restrain tho untamed spirits oE fcho rebollious, or to control in tho multitudo tho tu'dourof unliconnod liberty. And human society though it lias already sustained such groat calamities, is nevorfcholesu torrifiod b}r tho foar of greater dangers.' Such ia the description which our Holy FrJ.her givon of oooiefcy in all tho light of tho nineteenth eonlury. Whoro then io to bo round t.ho oocuro hope of society ? I any, my brethren, that tho true and only hopo of society ia now a a ever that groat body, to whom Jesus Christ bus given tho misaion of leaching tho nations — ?' Going therefore teach yo all nations.' Teach mini hio eternal destiny ; teach him to raise hio thought;! above fcho trnnsionfc things around him ; teach him to renpeofc aocinl order as tho work of God ; teach tho poor num to bo content with bin poverty after tho oxampio of Jesus Christ ; teach tho rich that they aro but stewards of what they possess and that, they aro bound to realize the want of thoir fellowcrea tures ; teach fcho powerful that all their powor ia from God, and that if thoy abuse that; powor, thoy must answer for it at that awful tribunal whero prince and subject aro on equal terms. Perhaps it will tako time boforo this divino teaoh I ing will produce its full effects. Perhaps groat oacrificeo might: bo required from Christ's minis ters in tho oxorcioo of their mission. But certain it is that the words of Christ will not pass away ; aud lie has said He will be always with thorn. Tho priesthood has overcome in every conflict for fcho lust; eighteen hundred yours, and jt will also over come in this. Tho winch; and storms of persecu tion may rave, and fcho floods ris-3 high ? but fcho Church 'of God liko the Ark of lxTo;ih will always rise proudly above thorn ; and when hor onomios shall have passed away, like their predecessors, oho will still romain to fight new battles and to win new glories. My brothron, the institution which we have juDfc ooen solemnly oponod and bleaued by his Graco, tho illustrious Archbishop of Sydnoy, io destined for fcho education of Catholic priests ; and from what I have aaid wo can noo tho neces sity and importance of such institutions. Priest hood io the highest dignity that can bo conforrod on man ; but it also carries with it fcho gravest responsibility. Woe fco him who daves assume that honour unless ho bo called by Grod as Aaron, and unless ho bo duly qualified by the necessary learning and virtue One of his chief duties is fco touch ; but how can ho teach if ho havo not tho required learning ? Konco fcho necessity of years of deep study fco acquire a stock of useful knowlodgo so that ho may bo ablo to render an account of the hope that ia in him and fco confound fcho enemies of his faith. Bub still moro necessary it io that ho bo a man of virtue Hois to fcoach virtuoby word and oxampio ; ho is fco diiiponoo fcho mysteries of God ; ho ia to roprosont Jesus Christ the God of sanctity in his own person. Oh how pure thoso hands should bo that daily present the immaculate Lamb to the Etornal Father ! How chaste those lips that are so often purpled by the precious 'Blood ! How clean that heart in which Clnitfc to often takes up Ilia abodo ! Honco tho Church directed by tho Holy Ghost, has instituted theso seminaries, wherein tho young levitea are trained up for tho service of the Altar. Hence it; is that oho desires hor bishops to soparafco them at an curly ago from tho influence of tho world aud fco waich ovor their training and education with anxious care. To opoak in terms of eulogy of the ins(i!,ution itself would ill become me, ua I havo boon for a long time closely connected with it. Besides it needs no words of mine to recommend it. Already, thank God, it has produced fruilB which give sufficient testimony of its merits, and warrants fair hopes of ito future But I cannot refrain from making one observation; and it is this: His Lordship the Bishop of this diocese has done many and great works for his poople during the past fifteen years. He has spared neither labour nor expense to provide for the spiritual wants of those under his care. He has succeeded boyond expectation. Everywhere wo see the works of his zeal — colleges, convents, schools, and churches. But I will make bold to say thore is one work for which the Catholic parents of this diocese should be more grateful to his Lordship than for all the others, and that is this Ecclesiastical Seminary of St Charles Borromeo. For, my brethren, what has he dono for you in establishing this institution in your midst ? He has given you an opportunity of procuring for yourselves the greatest joy that can enter the heart of a Catholic parent — a joy, which will be a comfort during life, a consolation in death, and a solace boyond the grave — the joy of having a son a priest of the living God. I oay, then, my brethren, thoro is no work of his Lordship for which you should bo moro thankful to God, no work for whioh you should bo more grateful to his Lordship, no work in which you should more .heartily co-oporate aa far ao your means will allow, than in this Ecclesiastical Seminary, in which io opened fco your children tho opportunity of at taining fcho highest honours and the grandest prospects that man can aspiro to. I do not mean, my brethren, to appeal to your generosity in bo half of this groat work, and for this simple reason, that I think ifc quite unnecessary. You know the hoavy debt which your zealous Bishop has contracted in establishing this institution ; you know too that ho has undertaken this heavy re sponsibility, not for hio own tmko, but for yours and for tho sake of your children. Such being the case, I am quite confident you need no_ words to encourago you to support your Bishop in such an undertaking ; and I am sure there is not one of you horo to-day but will provo, an Far as your meano will allow, that you aro roady to mako a gonorouo oacriiico in so no bio a caitoo in which tho dearest interests of your children, tho salvation of souls, and the glory of God aro 00 deeply concerned. Ono word moro and I have dono. Wo fire told m tho Gospel that our Blessed Lord, seeing tho multitudes liko Bhoep that; have no shepherd, Ha waa moved to pity, and Ho said fco His disciples : ' Tho harvest indeed is great, but fcho labourovs are few. Pray ye therefore tho Lord of the har vest, that Ho send forth labourers into Hie Uar«. veBt.' How applicable, my bvofchvon, are those words of Our Blosgod Lord fco us horo to-day. Look round, my brethren, thio fair land oO Australia — 'Lift up joav oyeo and soo fcho countries, for fchoy are whito already fco lu\r vest.' (Jolm iv.) /lias ! how many thoro ave lileo shoop fch'.ii; havo no ahophord. Hov/ many thoro sire -who would bo willing to mako noble sacrifices for fche truth if (.hoy only know if;, and who wan!: only a kindly hand to load thom back to fcho ono true fold of Christ. But tlie labourers aro fow. Oh, brethren, hoar thotondor appeal of fcho Saorod Hoavb of Jenua : ' Pray yc therefore the Lord of fcho harvest that Ho cond forth labourers into His harvest.' Pray that He may Bond fcruo labourers, full of tl.o zoul and charity of tlie Aposfcloa, to gather in fcho rich harvont of thia fair land. And pray not only that thoy may come from other climoa, but much moro that your own aona may bo wovtliy of fcho great honour of r;o- operating v/i(,h Christ in the salvn tion of souls. Pray fcho Sacrod Heart of Joaua to bless fchia groat work, this ecclesiastical seminary, so that it may become a nuroory of true labourers, and may continue for generations to como to send forth faithful priests, full of heroic zeal and charity, to continue the grand mission which our Blessed Lord has givon to fcho priesthood of IIig Church. ' Going fchoroforo toaeli all nations.' Tho Very Itev. Dr. Byrne then read a Hat of donations which had lately boon roocivod in aid of tho building fund. Tlie principal amounts were as follow : — Right Rev. Dr. James Quinn, Bishop of Brisbane, £20 ; Eight Rev. Dr. Crano, Bishop of Sandhurst, Vic. £10 ; Vory Rev. Dr. Bacelmis, V.fk, Sundhurst, £5 5s ; Dr. Oorbetfc, Molbourno, £10; Very Rov. Father Hand, 5 guineas ; Fov. Fuf.her IVfafchewa, 3 guineas ; Very Rev. Father JTanrahan, O.S.F., 5 guineas ; Very Rev. Dean O'Brien, 5 guineas; Eov. James Corcoran, 5 guineas ; Rev. James Ryan (Newcastle) £5 ; Mr. W. A. Duncan, C.M.Ck, 7 guineas ; Mr. Eyro Ellis, £10 ; the Hon. P. Higgina, M.L.O., £5 ; Mr. J. J. Donovan, J.P., ;G5 ; Dr. Donovan, £3 ; Messrs. Butler and M'G-irr, £5 ; and Mr. E. F. Flanagan, £2. When those amounts had been announced, Dr. Byrne invited those prosenfc to cowe forward and generously assist in paying off the debt by which tho Ecclesiastical Seminary was encum bered, and in a short space of time the magnificent sum of £2200 wa3 handed in fjo tho trensurera. His Grace tlie Arch bishop contributed £20, his Lordship fcho Bishop of Goulburn, £25 ; His Lordship the Bishop of Bathurpfc, £100; malting a total of £5 GO given by Dr. Q.uinnin aid of this work. Messrs. Daifcon, Bros., of Orange, gave £90 ; Mr. John Mnaghor, J.P., and fnmiiy, 30 guineas ; Messrs. Daiton, Bros., of Sydney, £50 ; Messrs. Slnfctery and Heydon, £].6 ; Messrs. Boylson and Son, £36 ; Mr. Daniel .. Mlzpafcnck, £20; Mr. Valentino Heatpn, 10 guineas ; Mr. Alderman James Fifcz pafcrick, 10 guineas ; Mp. ID. J. Parker and family, 9 guineas ; Sir 1*. A. Jennings, 5 guineas ; Orange district (including Mr. Dalton's donation), £250 ; Mudgna district (including Father O'Donovan's subscription of £10), £10S ; Parkes district, £61 ; Kockley, £62 ; Dubbo district, £102 ; Bourko, £20 ; Wellington, £42. Messrs. Kenny, Fifczpafcriek, and Stephens aoted as treasurers, and tho announcement of the grand total was received with great cheering. THE LTJNCHKOB-. Immediately after the proceedings in tho temporary church were concluded, several hun dred persons sat down to a luncheon which had been prepared in an adjoining pavilion by the leading Catholic ladies of tho city of Bathurafc. The pavilion was prettily festooned, and the tables, ?which were abundantly supplied, were arranged and decorated vvifh faultless (a3to. The ladies who so generously undertook tho furnishing and management of the various tables were Mrs. James Fitzpatrick, Miss Connelly, Mro. Hall, Mra. J. Boyleon, Mrs. John Moagher, Mrs. and the Misses Stephens, Mrs. Moclder, Mrs. M'Sorley, and Miss M'Minamen, to each and all of whom praise of the very highest order ia duo for the really admirable manner in which they provided for, and the cheerful and pleasing way in which they attended upon, fcho great company that filled tho pavilion. His Lordship tho Right Rev. Dr. Quinn presided, having on his right his G-race the Archbishop, Sir Patrick Jennings, KO.M.G-., M.L.A., and on his left his Lordship Dr. Lanigan, and Mr. Jaraos Daiton, X.S.Ch Mr. T. M. Slattory, M.L./L, Mr. E. Maher, of Narramine, Dubbo, Kcv. Father O'Donovan, Rev. J. P. Fitzpafcviok, and Mr. Thos. Dulton, J.P., were also seated near tho chairman, and the whole assemblage presented an appearaneo gay and animated in the exfcrome. His Lordship Dr. Q.uinn, when tho time came for speech-making, rose amidst groat applause, and said that ho had a duty to perform. It wao, he was glad to say, a very easy task, as ho had simply to opon tho way to what could not fail to be a great gratification for them — to open, as it were, the flood-gates, and allow tho flow of the torrent of elo quence that was to follow. His Graco was to speak, Dr. Lanigan and Sir Patrick Jonninga wore to speak — in fact they would hear a selection of speeches of a very high class character. (Ap plause.) It was his duty before proceeding further to thank those who had brought about the great success of the day. Tho day itself was magnificent, the procession was magnificent, and the collection was magnificent. (Cheers.) It wag hardly necessary that he should announce tho amount to them, ao he belioved it had already been made known, but leot there should bo any person — any child perhaps — who did not know it, ho would toll thom it was £2200 and upwards. (Great cheering.) Thoy would agree with him that it was his duty to thank, in tho namo of tho Catholics of Bathurst, all who had so generously contributed in aid of the Sominary. (Applause.) To his Graco tho Archbishop ho returned hia most heartfelt thanko, for ho wao sure that yore it not for hia Graco'a presonco there would not have been such a great gathering nor would they have. been half bo suceoasful in their collection. (Hear, hear.) If he (Dr. Quinn) said he could hardly find wordo to fchanlc him, ho would only bo expressing tho aontimonts of overy citizen in Bafchurafc. (Applause) Ho had aluo to thank hia friend Dr. Lanigan, who, notwithstanding tho business of ovory kind which ho had on his hands, had como fchoro to help thom. Ho wao oqually grateful to Sir Patrick Jennings, Mr. fJlafctory, and all fcho ofchor kind friends from other diocooos who wore present. Of hio own pooplo ho hardly know how to apeak. Thia, howovor, ho would nay, that whenever tho Catholics of 'Bufchurafc undertake anything connected with roligion thoy take it upon thomsolvos as their own work, not bocauso it is tho wish of the Biohop or tho prioefca that thoy should do so, but because thoy know it is tho work of tho Church, and will fcond to the advancement of their re ligion ' in tho dioceoo. (Hear, hoar.) Ho could nob give thom higher praiso than that. Thoy could all ace tho crowd of pooplo that woro (tccomtnodatod in fcho largo booths. Their pooplo had turnod out, and in ono day had out tho wood with which thoy wero built, and had brought it in, and had put up those two buildings in ono day. This was an instance of thoir zeal and onorgy. (Applause) There woro many pooplo horo who wore not from the immediate neigh bourhood of Bathurst, but the samo opirifc ani mated Catholics everywhere. Thoro was ono gentleman — hio namo was Mr. Thomas Daiton — he did not know v/hofcher ho belonged to Sydney or to Bathurst. (Applause.) He know ono thing — that ho was very genoroua to Bathurst. Then thoy had pooplo from Dubbo — Mr. Morgan, for instance. Ho thanked them all, but above all he thanked fcho ladies. (Applause). Ho would not cay anything on thia subject; no doubt byand byo some young man would d-- thom moro justico. Ho had merely opened tho procoodinga : he would now lcavo it to hia Grace to address the assem blage. (Cheors.) Tho Archbishop on rising wao received with enthusiastic and prolonged cheering. Hia Graco said it soomod a difficult thing to to ply fco fcho kind v/ordo that had beon apokon by his Lordship tho Bishop of Bathurst, especially ao ho had raised expectations of a torrent of oloquonco to pour forth from &hoao; floodgafceo for cbova any kind of torrent that he was capable of producing. Ho could, hov/ovar, give them something better thantorronto of oloquenco. Ho oonld give thorn gopd spirits — not alcoholic ppirito — but vory good spirito, for ho had seen ?sufileienfc to cheer tho heart of every person v/ho felt an interest in tho welfare of the groat Catholic' Church, especially as it was tho work of Catholics in a now country. It gave him great gratification to accept the kind invitation tho Lord Bishop of Bathurst had givon to him to go up there and blesa tho Seminary, and afterwards. on Monday to try fco make a lifctle lecture. (Applause.) In fcho first place, this gratification was produced in bin mind by tho thought that ho ohould be in his small measure engaged in tho work of advancing the purest and the most loving religion that lias ever boon plaeod upon this world. Ho had also a groat feeling of sympathy with the Bishop of Bathurafc on account of the groat kindness and generosity with which ho had always assisted overy project for the advancement or for the honour of the Catholic Church in New South Wales. (Cheers.) He must confess that another motive did to a certain extent impress him — the fact of his having a very large number of correspon dents and friends in that district as in others. At tho present moment he had thousands of frienda throughout those colonies — (applause) — with whom he had been, and should bo, in immediate communication. He had had the pleasure of sending them some pictures — pictures drawn with his own hand — of St. Patrick and Brian Born, sa'infes and heroes dear to the heart of Irish people, dear to many people, and dear to himself. (Applause.) Some of those tokens of sympathy ho had shown his friends. He had no doubt they would asaisfc him under the heavy burden he still had upon his back. The pooplo of this diocese to whom he had taken the liberty to write had been bo kind to him that he had felt it a duty as well as a pleasure to as sist hia Lordship, in order to show him and his people that he knew how to return generosity for generosity. He knew how help given in one direction brought help from another direction. (Applause.) The Bishop had helped him — he had helped tho Bishop. Then there was Dr. Lanigan. He might pay, ' If I do not give something now, what will the Bishop and his people give towards tho Cathedral ?' (Laughter.) Not ouch a large sum as he vail now. (Renewed laughter.) This mutual feeling of association and sympathy bound the different oeos together, and maintained a common interest in the affairs of the Church throughout this large province. (Cheers.) He would not occupy more of their time, but v/ould simply toll thom once, again that ifc had given him apecial gratification to be procenfc. It was a considerable time oinco ho was there. He found the city had grown enormously. As ho looked out of tho window at tho large proceuaion that wound its way up to the seminary, he might have fancied himself in Italy looking at one of those grand Catholic procesoiona which wore atill to bo seen in that country. Ho thanked thom very much in deed for the very cordial manner in which they had reooived him. Ho congratulated all parties and all creeds on having in their midst an instru ment by means of which tho broadest charity, the most real love, would not only be drilled into the hearts of those who woro to instruct others, but by thoir meano the charity of Christ would be poured out aa from a floodgate throughout that district, and far beyond it. (Great oheering.) Bishop Lanigan oaid old men wero sometimes oaid fco be very fond of talking of what took place in their daya. Ho thought ho must bo actuated by a little of fchia fooling. Ho firat came to Bathurafc a long timo since, and had tho pleasure of meeting with Bafchursfc people, and aaw thoir fine church. Ho concluded then that thoro was something in tho stock that v?as being planted in Bafchurafc and around ifc that gave indicafciona of a very glorious future. (Applause.) Sinco that time— now many years ago— he had beon thoro on many occasions, and overy ocoasion had been to him a proof o£ that spirit; of roal advance ment which characterized tho Catholic affairs of Bathurot. Ho naw a vory magnificent oon vonfc rising, and v/as at ita foundation and at its oponing ; fchon he saw the erection of their grand college, and heard some speaking of an ecclesiastical seminary as distinct from tho college. He looked upon it as a grand idea, one that would only receive its realization after many years; but today he found the ecclesiastical seminary completed. It was altogether distinct from the very grand college, and marked the completion of the diocesan see of Bathurst. He rejoiced with hio Grace and the people of Bathurafc at what might bo called fcho crown ing of fcho edifice, that which gave tho finishing touch to the efforts to givo tho city its ecclesiastical perfection. (Cheero.) Ho askod himself what will bo the bonefito derived from this ecclesiastical oominary ? Would it givo them a priesthood for Australia ? Ho had boon thinking vory seriously upon this ao a vory oorioua mafcfcor, but aa he had told them bo fore, fchoro must be a vory fine stock in fcho place, filled with devotion to the Church, and with a cpirit of sacrifice. From a good otock, people ex pected good results. He felfc fchafc those who had done do much would givo still further completion to tho institutions that had been established ; that fchoy would fill tho seminary with afcudonfco, and by-and- byo make it a grand foundation for the religious instruction of the Catholic community of Australia. (Great applause.) He musfc say to hio dear people of Bathurafc, fco hio Irish people, to hia own personal friends in this matter, that thoy had a grand peoplo in his own quarter — a pooplo fully as grand as they were. (Laughter.) At the saino timo, thoy had led the way, and ho and his pooplo would bo vory glad to help thom for a timo. Tho spirit fchey£had shown that day would bo an oxamplo to other parts of tho country. It waa a spirit of confidoneo and of aolf-sacrifico fchafc wao now wanfcod, and, when wanted, would be drawn forth, for fcho grand afcocb that existed here existed elsewhere. Those who lived in other parta of the country, Boeing the oucceos of: their exer fciono, and tho results which were likely to follow when fcho commencement wao do grand, would bo nohamod to display a different opirifc. Ho fchankod those who had given fchom so noble and bo self sacrificing an example (ChooM.) Sir Patrick Jennings was loudly applauded on rising to address the company. He said ho folfc in aome degree at a dioadvantago, coming aa he did after a full bench of Bishops. (Laughter.) For him — a layman — fco address them, -was enough to inspire dread in a braver man, because their lordships, in dealing with the thoughts that should bo raised in the minds of those present on an occauion like this, v/ero of all men particularly well qualified to utter sentiments worthy of tho oeoasion. They all knew how well, those aonfci ments of sympathizing fooling had beon uttered. When his lordship invifcod him there he felfc peculiar pleasure in going, and was exceedingly glad to be able to appear and givo his humble testimony to the great work which Dr. Quinn had accomplished in the western district. (Cheers.) On one occasion when he had met the Bishop in the interior, hia Lordship had travelled some fcwo thousand miles on the Darling and downiho river to aee his diocese. He was at Deniiiquin, and, he must say, he looked rather tired. (Laughter.) He said he had seen scarcely any men and scarcely any sheep. Dr. Quinn stayed somo time at his station. He persuaded the Bishop that tho sheep were very shy, and that in a short timo he would be ablo fco find not only the sheep but the ownera too. It was peculiarly gratifying to find that fche apostolic spirit; so sedulously cul tivated in Ireland was being planted through out tho world, and was being planted in Australia by an Irish bishop. (Great applause.) Although Irish history for many years had shown no material prosperity, it appeared to be fche mission of fchafc country to send out the Christian faith to all foreign lands. (Cheora.) In many countries they had to face prejudiceo, storms and Outbursts of popular passion, and had to bow their heads fco the storm, but they would never, ao long as fche blessing of fche great apostle of Ireland rested upon them, givo in one jot or tittle of that faith. (Hear hear.) It was a blessing to the country that whatever the course of popular opinion might bo, they found men like the Arch bishop, who went; on building his cathedral, and showed, fchafc he was building, for a religion that wae eternal, an edifice that was unsurpassed in any of fcho colonies of Great Britain. (Applause.) He went on building colleges, churches, and schools, and showing his undying determination that fche religioua character of their fceaolring should be maintained ao long na thoy lived. The popular woather might bo bad, the political weathor might bo bad, bufc they were going on their way, and hoped that prejudices were being smoothed down, and that tho work that they had accomplished in fcho cause of civilization and religion, good govern ment and order all over fchia country, would be re cognized at its full valuo by all those who did not come to fcho consideration of the subject; biuased by invincible prejudioo. (Cheors.) Mr. Jamea Daiton, K.S.G., said ho could only as a simple layman, oxpreos hie vory high grafcifi' cation at the sight thoy had seen fchafc day. Ho did not; suppose fchafc all who wero there were Catholics, but all must be gratified to boo tho ecclesiastical college perfoefced as they saw ifc that day ; to aoo tho occlcaiasfcioal afcudonfca, and fco hoar the Mass which had beon celebrated by two of them. Ifc would be sJ great gratification to Catho lic families, and a great boon fco Catholic parents, fco ooo aomo of their children in tho priesthood. A native prieothood would know hov/ fco treat the intriguers with whom they had to deal in the present day. (Applause.) Mr. T. M. Slafcfcory, M.P., who van v/evmly re ooived, said if Sir Patrick Jonningc v/as placed afc a disadvantage, afc how much groafcov diondvanfcego was ho (fche opoaker) placed, who had not; only to follow a full bench of bishops, bufc a gontloman who had boon in fcho colonial Houao of Peoro, and who had worthily and faithfully served fcho pooplo of thia country, and who would hereafter moro faithfully eorvo them — his honourable friend Sip Pafcriok Jennings — and another gentleman whose namo waa not oonfined fco Bathurofc, bufc waa known throughout tho Catholic world ao far ao tho Auo tralian colonieo oxtond, Mr. .Tames Balton, who had rocoived high distinction from hio Holineoo fcho Pops. (Applauao.) Ifc afforded him greafc ploaauro fco ehoiv by hio prononco hio personal esfcoom for thono gonfclemon, and fco ohov/ fchafc ho bolievod, afc all ovonta, in fcho entire raligioua education of tho people of fchia country. (Oheora.) Thoy would never havo a loyal, patriotic peoplo, an honest, truthful pooplo — they would never have a great nation built up in fchia country — unleoo eeele oi&3fcical ocminurieo woro formed throughout fche various portipno of ifc. They would oerve the purpose of showing fche poroono who mioundor etood them that Oafcholica woro nofc fcho people ? thoy v/cre represented to be. (Applcuoo.) They would oho-;/ by their lives that thoy v/ero entitled fco more than ordinary raopoefc. Being in a minority they faced fcho majority bravely from high and conscionfciouo principleo. They r. could, by continued and persevering offorfc^ by oupporfcing hio (3-raco the Archbiohop and tho suffragan biahopa, ospee'e to £ound c great Christian people. By making ouoh an ofrort aa ; '? that thoy v/ould only bo doing fchoir oimplo duty. Ho felt very groafc pleaouro in vioifcing ftathurafc '.v for tho first time. He hoped that whafc ho had ooen fchafc day would bo only i;ho S.rab ox a a?jmbe? ' .?'' , of ecclooiaotical oominarioo, and thnfc ihoy might oeo a number of nativoo of their own colony ready and well qualified fco take fcheh' placcD ia the rankc of that prieothood fchoy lovod . do- wolU '. (Greet cheering.) Ths Archbiuhop oaid he could not alk-V7 fcueza fco go, nor did ho think they woul-3 be willing to loavc, without drinking tho health of the Biohop of Bathurst. (Cheero.) He felfc fchafc he tzaa not ablo to givo expreaaion fco fcho thoughts fchoy had in fchoir mindo and hecvfcn regarding their biohop ; he could only hopo to fcobly ocho those oenfcimonfco. On all sides he could oee memorials of tho affection fche peoplo of Bofchurofc have for thoir gealouc bichop. Al though he gave the Oafcholico o£ fcho Br/clmrafc dioceoo credit for fche bigheofc religiouc motives in. ' undertaking and carrying on their many C03&ly; v/Oi-ko, ofcill he thought there t7cd Domofching oS the Bishop in ifc after nil, and certainly lie thought fchafc thoy could nofc build auoh.buildingo.. ' ; nor have auch great colleotiono unless fcho people lovod and venerated hiia. (Ohoora.J)' That greafc building, their fine college, raid ofehoj? greafc works thoy could aoo in Bathurot would nofc - havo been brought fco complotion3 nor v/ould fcho groafc collection have beon placed in fcho bank — to-morrow, not to-day — if it had nofc boon for tho energy and porooveranoo of hio Lordship fcho Bishop. (Applause.) In other jlands— in India , — he had proved those qualities by similar tofiono, and hia memory waa otill hold in love and veneration by tho peoplo. In his own namo and in fche nameo]of Dr. I/oaigcnD '. Sir Patrick Jennings, Mr Dalfcon, end tho other visitors, he (Dr. Vaugkinjj wished him long life and good heclih, and success like fchafc of the prooenfe oeccoioHa throughout fche reafc of hie gloriouo oaroaKV (Cheers.) The toast wao received with acoksiiD&ioa;, Biohop Quinn acknowledged tho honour fchoS had boon done him in a few graceful vordo, cffcpi?. which the asoemblage dispersed. Ifc is worthy of note ao showing fche truly Cciho» lie opirifc fchafc characterizes fcho efforts of our eo» religionisto in Bafchursfc, thafc fcho marquees ia uMck fche church service and banquet wero held \7ei'o erected gratuitously by some forty volunfeoero xm* ? der the guidance of Mr. Hall, During tho uffcee noon the college and seminary vevj) thrown ppaa fco fche public, and a greafc number of psraono in opected fche various porfciono of the splendid odiUce,, The Cathedral was filled by an immenoo congre gation in the evening. Veopers wore oung with much impreosiveneoo by the afcudento ofSfc.OIiarleo' Seminary, aosisfced by the choir, and iho G&smbw; ?'-:'? wao preached by fche Sev. Father Byrne. . Tho ??,..- Bishopo of Bafchurafc and 0-oulburn5 fcogofehsr with a number of priests, occupied plccoa within fche sanctuary, which v?aa gorgeouoly decorated and brilliantly illuminated 5 and at tho conclusion of tho sermon Benediction o£ the Most Blesoed Sacrament waa given by the Archbishop, assisted by Father Byrne, and Bev. Mr. Ourran. The whole proceedinga in eonnoo tion with the opening of the Seminary were con° ducted in a manner that must have boon . go gratifying ao ifc certainly waa creditable fco all concerned, and the hon. secretary of fcho eolstea° tion, Mr. W. Q. Sfcepheno, together 'with tho com° mitfceo who worked so earnestly with, him, havo. ; good cnuoo for being proud of fcho domonofcvation . no ably managed by them The magnificent ofcruofcure, which on nceounfc oj . ifco ofcafcely proporfciono and elegant angl graceful appearance is fche grendeafe ovacmenfi in Bathurot, ia built in the ' oonteo o2 fifteen aeroo specially edepfed Sox' a college oifco on the ooufchorn aide of tho city. It io .. on the apos of a gentle Glope' commanding a oplendid viow of fche Bafchurafc Plaino, tmd the piofcureaquo mounfcainoua nconory in fcho fiiotonee,, The edifice io of brick, and builfc in tho Qothiq ofcyle of architecture, atone boing uoed in fcho ; ? large tracery windows in the ohapel, and ovor tho hall entrance, and was designed by Mr. H. Groll8 formerly of Bafchurat. . 