THE NEW CATHEDRAL.; " WE have been favoured with expres sions of opinion from several old 'and osteemed correspondents upon the in convenient hour on Wednesday at which the meeting in connection with the erection of the Cathedral was called. Of course there are always two sides of a question, and, no 4oubt, the com mittee, in appointing 8o'clock, thought that, while necessarily studying the convenience and comfort of the Bishop of Melbourne, they might at tie same time rely upon a much larger attend ance than was really present. Doubt less the time and previous arrange ments of the Rev. Prelate, who wasex peeted to take the lion's share in the d-ay's proceedings, and who was only making a short visit to the district, had to be considered, but on the other hand, if success was to be aimed at, it was equally as necessary to study the convenience of those whom the Bishop of Melbourne was expected to address. The result has proved that the ncglect of the latter !I prevented anything like su:ch a succeasful gather ing as the importance of the occasion demanded. There are hundreds in Newcastle, working bees in the great hive of industry, who would havo only heeu too glad to have spent an hour or tvwo in the evening, to listen to the wise and manly counsel that fell from the lips of the Bishop of Melbourne. To all these, and to scores of others chained to the shop or desk till 6 o'clock, an afternoon meeting is simply unattain able; they cannot leave their employ ment without aslking a favor which might in many instances be refused. We all know that theprinted report of a speech, however well reported, cannot have that effect upon the reader which it would have had upon him if he had been a listener. Indeed, the better the printed speech, the greater the desire to have heard it delivered i We can well join with the Rev. Canon SELWYN in his regret that the City Hall was not crowded, but on behalf of the citizens, we think it but fair to state that the Hall would have been hardly commo dious enough to hold the audience that would have assembled to hear the Bishop of Melbourne, had the hour been more convenient and a longer notice given. Many of the humbler sons of toil, loyal children of the Ohutch of England, would have been glad to have testified by their presence, to the sincerity of their desire to see a noble temple of GOD erected in their native city. The unsuitableness of the hour not only prevented their attendance, but gave rise to the feeling that it was only the attendance of the well-to-do that was required at the meeting. We need hardly say that we are certain nothing of this kind was intended or thought of. Still, in the prosecution of such a noble design as that under contem plation, it is well to avoid the least possibility of misconception. Granted that each of those present on Wednes day, do act as centres to spread the spirit of the Bishop of Melbourne's utter ances, how much better to have had five times as many such centres pre sent, to do the same good work? However, the mistake has been made, but that should not prevent those who love their church, and above all, the Great Head of the Church Himself from uniting heart anfihand in the good work of building up a temple to worship Him in, worthy of His name. The Bishop of Melbourne in his address well replied to the threadbare argument "what business have we to spend money that way while so many other things are left undone; why waste money on a temple of stone, while we are neglecting the living temples of the Holy Ghost in the parish ? " He remarked that he would not be one to take away a single penny destined for that purpose, and if his appeal that day would divert a farthing from that great purpose, he would regret having taken any part in making such an appeal. What need was there for such a diversion? Ask, themselves a fair, plain question, and insist upon an answer. They had a certain fund, he .took it, which they devoted to tne purposes of building, enlarging, or decorsting their own dwelling places. Was that robbing the poor? Ought they be ashamed of building their own houses as spaciously and handsomely as they could affrrd? No: they did not build them for mere ostentation alone, but simply because they were their homes, their most precious places on earth, and the centres of their most purest pleasures. If so, he asked them to do just the same with respect to the Church of God, in which they were to come together and hear God's word and sing his praises. " This is the true argument, and has within it the true ring of Christianity. The poor widow that casts her only spare mite into the treasury for the building of the new cathedral will find at least equal favour in her Master's sight as the wealthy squatter, who throws in his thousand pounds out of his abundance. It is true that the latter will buy as many pounds' worth of stone and mortar, or artistic skill, but the former will sparkle and glitter with a Divine lustre amongst the golden, but more earthy, accumulations of the wealthy Pharisee. The perusal of the addresses of the two Bishops should be followed by prompt action on the part of the committee. Every parish throughout the Northern districts at least, should have its cathedral commit tee, which should vie with itsneighbour in zealously labouring in the good work. Lectures and entertainments, of an at tractive character, should be given, having for their special object that of assisting the general fund. Thereis no occasion now, thank GoD, to work witli a sword in one hand and a trowel in the other, while building a Temple to the MOST HIen; the difference is that; while we hold up one hand" our, iFather in Heaven, for help or comfort in the hour of need, we ought to be equally as ready to put the other into our pocket in His service. 