URAL LA <(• DISTRICT. (From our Special Correspondent.) May 16, 1881. NpAY ^'Je day eet apart for the i special services of Continuation, and lay- I i«g the foundation stone of the new Human Catholic Church in Uralla, was. as regards the weather, all that could be desired to make the varied proceedings a success. It being intended to hold all the services of the day oil the ground set apart for the new building, a temporary booth was erected, the interior seated, 1 and otherwise prepared for use as a tem- i porary chapel. The confirmees, number- 1 mg in all about (50, amongst whom were ■ some adults, met at the Church, and, hav- - iug been robed in the dress usual on such occasions, formed in procession, and marched through the town to the booth on the ground where the new Church will j be erected. Arriving there, they were ad- j dressed by the Bishop of the UioceBe, Dr. i Torregianni, on the ordinance—or, as it is j in the Roman Catholic Church, Sacrament of Coiilirotation, then about to be admin istered by him. Owing to the large niim- ] ber, they could not all approach at the same time for the laying on of the Bishop's i hands, but in groups they approached, j and knelt upon the carpet spread for their , special use. An address was then deli- j voted by the Bishop to the large audience on the necessity of building a house for I the worship of God, and that such house ' should be consecrated and solemnly dedi- j c*ted to the service of God as a house of I prayer, a holy place. They were now about to lay tho foundation stone, and it ; was appropriate and necessary that such j should be a solemn ceremony. After laying I the stone in manner and form appropriate and usual on such occasions, the Bishop 1 invited contributions towards the building I to be laid on the stone. To tbis the mem- > bent of the Roman Catholic Church re- i sponded liberally, individual members of ! other Churches also contributing, the re- 1 suit being ,£160. Mass was then cele- i brated by the Bishop, assisted by the' Rev. Father O'Connor, after which the ; Bishop preached a sermon on the gifts of ' God. Every perfect gift was from Him ; all we had to enjoy, and all that was truly enjoyable in the present life, was God's gift; and how vast the gift, the unspoak- I able gift of His son for us men, and for * our salvation. The atonement made by Him, the ransom paid for our redemption the gift of the Holy Ghost, and the hope ! set before us ; these were all gifts nn- r speakable. The ordinances of religion were all gifts, means of grace, and should j be highly valued and punctually attended to. The services were all concluded at j about half-past one, when the contiruiees t again walked in thoir robes through the 1 town to the Church, and then disrobed ' and disbanded. Mr. and Mrs. Bauer 1 provided a dinner in their large room, to 1 which, on the ending of the ceremonies, ] they invited the Bishop, priest, and a I number of visitors, a hospitality which j was very acceptable to the recipients, and i cordially partaken of. j W e have an addition to our police force, I one more constable being stationed here! j This is a wise provision, seeing the addi- f tion to our population, though we have [ much pleasure in stating that the " nav- : vies" on the Uralla extension have (with the exception of a little noisy demonstra- 1 tion by a few at pay time) been very quiet and orderly. Still there are times when ' duty may call both Senior Const. Hughes I and Constable Draper away from the j town ; for such a contingency we are pre- 1 pared by our present addition. i We shall soon have another public house in Lralla, Mr. Murray's fine house being prepared for that purpose fay the addition I of a suite of rooms on its Northern side, j Speaking as an individual, I may say there sr. quite sufficient hotels in Uralla 1 for the requirements of the place. We have now four hotels aud one wine-shop within the town, also a wine- shop a short distance out on the Rocky River road and these are ample to supply present needs. ^ Pelice reports from the various places in the colony, and from the metro polis, all show that the vice of drunken ness, with its concomitant evils, increases in proportion to the number of public houses licensed for the sale of alcoholic liquors. The tendency of benches now is to refuse new licenses, and also to suspend or withdraw licenses hitherto enjoyed. J A pic-nic is to be held on the Cricket ' Ground, on the Queen's Birthday. It is ; intended to have it without reference to any special claBs or society, but one to i winch the townspeople, as a whole, will i contribute, and to which they invite everybody Athletic sports will also be ■ provided for, and as an energetic com- j imttee of ladies have undertaken the provisioning, and a committee of gentle- ! men the programme of sports, we hope for fine weather, and then it will be a , success. I The Western Crazier contains the following:—MissReid, of Adelung, passed through Wilcannia one day last week, j It may not be generally known that this I young lady is one of the most expert teamsters on the road. In passing through here she was on her return trip from Mount Browne diggings, whither she had conveyed a party of 40 diggers from Adelong. She appeared to have an equal complement of passengers back with her. Her team consists of a waggon aud seven sturdy horses, which she man ages with consummate skill. Sitting on the front of the waggon, she manipulates the *'ribbons" so deftly, and has the animals under such control, that a hitch seldom occurs -during her long journeys, . Her quiet, good, ladylike management fully demonstrates the fallacy of the { bushman's theory, that a team cannot j be got out of the deep ruts and over j steep-banked gullies without the use of the choice vocabulary so dearly cherished I by the professional bullock driver. In ■ her peregrinations Miss Reid has met with many pleasing incidents. On one j ocoasion she happened to drive up te a country hotel where Sir Heroulei Robin son was at the time staying. It was too uncommon and pleasing a sight for the urbane, gallant knight to pass unnotieed. His Excellency bestowed a high enco mium on the young lady's ability and her powerful, well-kept turn out. Miss Reid has been on tbe road for several years. She is a young lady, seemingly about 19 years of age, with pleasing countenance, and active, well-proportioned figure. The Victorian Police Board sat at Be nalla last Friday, when evidence show ing that the blaok trackers exhibited a want of courage at the fight with the Kelly gaug at Glenrowan was given. It is said, when the outlaws were called out of the hotel, the trackers hid in a culvert, saying they had no ammunition. Newcastle, Monday.—Early yesterday morning a man named Hill, a labourer, residing near the Glebe, dropped dead. It is supposed that he was suffering from heart disease. 