TOWN TALK.' | On Monday last haylng andlo (I lnqm the mm of the word will not bo doomoil llturary piracy) monumt or two I wait hovering around the Post-ofilou aroiulo— not under it. however— evldiinl.lv ininib in Gin Ixiwildur- moiit of a gent wearing a liulniot hat and hluu ooat ami pants (pirnoy again — but thurc I never wan original, even at my entry into this aphcre of worry), wlm was ardently longing for thu appenmneo of some stray atom of Immunity bearing , putpuhlo ovldeneu of "hiiii" afi'oution, nod uviduntly thought , the writer a likely looking uuhjiiut for miigiHlei ial dlHHuetimi on tho mor row, when Ids and my alt cut hm was diverted by tlio runiblu of wheela. Uf counui It wiiho'I tho railway — but my friend, Charley, driving uli the Royal iin.il van. Very noon a heap of hags wore dlxohargnil, nod tloilr bulk linpi.-Hiied loo Inuohly with (lie vnatneaa of the eoiTeHiunqleneo of thu Gniflnn folk, Tlda Idea soon proved illiiHlounry, for 1 deHCrUxl a uumlior of puroela given out. I.iko my mix (there now, r, under, the iieurrl of lay individuality in out - and I reiiily i|ofe,d noeiiay ) ' I was onrlonii to know what t hoy uooiulned - It mlglit- lio (ashloiui you know, mid widtlug a moment or two 1 noon hlid llm intlnhiellon of eei'log that tho piirenbi eootulned Sydney pupm i .sieli uf wlileh uiio-t Inn o weighed a huiolredwelglil. Now It idilkvu mo Unit lint free pontage of newnpapera waa never Inleioled to. in- oludo tills sort of uvwdim of the payment of oDhor book packet rates or tlio height olinrges i.y either of tho Ioual Steam Co. 'a boalii. If tho I'oaliiiu .iti-r- tlouoral slropii neroaa this I hopo he wlB tako tliiioly warning mid put a stop to tills ayafom by which either news- paper proprlulors or news agunts are liouelltlng to thu Iohh of those who have to bear the expense of running valuable stoamoru to Grnl'lnu, I A rniKNO uf mine is nliont to patent what lie enllH a pim-nrcimrYor, wliloh after n trial 1 can pronounce a decided suouesH. Well, now, fooling aura tho roadur j Would idly s|Hiunlnte until Heannd eliildhood, and ovoii then lie imsue'uessrnl in arriving nt a solution as to tho nature of tho invention, I have Hccurcil tho permission of tlio local Columbus to make known tho discovery — it ia it common potato I Thorn now I ought to have a banquet, I LKAUN from a friend that llfo at Nana Creole ia rather rough just now — tho prevailing diet being n variation of Jolmny cakes and salt junk with salt junk ' and Johnny Cakos, — that is among those who do not happen to camp near tho butcher's shop. This, how ever, will soon lie allured for tho better, as one of my lady friends who knows a little about everybody anil everything, but nothing of tlio Scripture maxim, " Know thyself," tolls mo two Htoros and a public- house nru to hu opened ; also, that one of tho hint batch of coach travollurs says that Oram spring water and a little " Robinson " (whatever that may moan) com bined mukus a delicious bevoragu, I hkb I liavo a rival contributor who goes in for "Gild Notes," mid really feel quit!) vexed, because 1 fool suro ho is a man, 1 should foul annoyed if people formed an idea that thoro whs any eoimcction between that, odd fellow ami mo ; people do say that many odd afl'aira can lio dourly traood to an extra dosu of throe- star, lint thoro, "Odd Notes" is not my atylu (now that is a feminine expression), mid, thnroforu, I feel iih if I had boon proseutoil with tho very latest-fashioned pull-buok. JmioiNO by tho lengthy business paper published in your last issue tho next llorough Council mooting will consist mainly of lengthy Mayoral motions, vory np- propiiatoly followed up by a request (to bo made by the owner of tho lato lamented "Smiko") for a letter box. I am awfully fond of reading newspapers, and was rather staggerod to read in a Grafton paper, according to a loug liHt of tondura invited by tlio Borough Coun cil, that it was in contemplation to attempt tho Hercu lean feat of moving a whole Ifl-ncra reserve from the West to the South Ward — or rather, 1 should say, that according to tho udvertisumont, thu tiling had boon in some surreptitious manner accomplished — and then fence it in. Naturally, onongli, some of the West AVunlians object to such a wnolusulo transposition of their "rosorvu" territory. I hear Miohnri Rush has fully decided to quit the Clarence Rivur, but sincerely hopo hu will not bo allowed to luivu without receiving some public recognition of Iuh merits as a oiti/.on ami a sculler. There arc but fuw men in this district who have done as much ns my favourito (Rush) to advertise tho G'lavenuu, Ilis whole career litis hccu a mammoth advertisement circulated far and uuur at bis owu expense. I would 1 woro a man. Tilts Mr. Skuthorpo of Leiohardt-rulic renown — who and what manner of man is he that lie expects people to plaeu reliance in his statements about tho " find ? " ami then, rather doubting whothor Sir Henry (1 do so lovo titled men) anil his colleagues will yiiild to his gentle doomed for a cool £tl000 tor tho relios, ha has opened op uogntiations with tlio Victorian Government to the same time. Now, it occurs to me that our Gov ernment aught to ascertain whether thu Slaithnrpiun statement is anything more than the idle dream of a disordurad imagination, anil if so, tako prompt stops (in tho proper Dcpnrtineut) to compel a man to give up propurty which ho admits belongs to another person. 1 11LUSII for my sexwhon I read of the reeont ladios' (!) walking tournament in Sydnuy. Human taste haa in deed falluii iiito'n morbid and depravud condition when hundreds of pcoplo una be found who night after night visit an arena to suo women, who have uvid ntly dis carded all finorfeeliags, perambulating round and round against timo, oausing tliuir limbs to appear as if they woro Buffering from olepliiintisis, their feet to lilister, constitutions to be wrecked, and faces to assume a ghost-like pallor. This is what some people call sport ! — somowhat of tho " boys and frogs description, howovor. Why, talk about Spanish bull lights — tlioy uro a positive religions service compared to thosu dis. graceful exhibitions of endurance nt thu expense of the human system, especially when females so unsox them selves as to afford amusement to the gnping crowds who by their presonco do so much to propoguto such uu- English displays. Jitst as Mr. AloxnnilorCiimcron'B innumerable frionds in this distriot were Bpcoulatiiig as to bow soon tlicy would again sco liiin in tho llush — news having been re. coivod of tho possible restoration of his failing eye- eight — tho unexpected intelligence of that gontloinan's death is flashed through tho ocean's depth. This death removes ono who had proved himself a friend indeed to hundreds of hardworking sons of the soil on tin. Lower Clarence. May a kind I'rovidcnec soothe tho grief of tho bereaved widow mid relatives. As an illustration of tlio strango " tips and downs " of man's existcnua, 1 have been told that a man who some years back was in receipt of £1200 a year us managor of a largo station in a neighbouring colony, was recently gaining a livelihood in Sydney by haw!:- ing oranges for salo, and at tho present timo is engaged driving a fuur-borso omnibus. That man ought to start on a lecturing tour and detail his personal experiences, which doubtless have been of a kaleidoscopic character. While travelling in tho interior of ono of the Aus tralian colonics a friend of mino anxious to turn an honest ponny tried his hand at tho totalisator business, and succeeded eo well with it that ho received a chcquo for £80 from tlio bookmakers presont at tho meeting to discontinue business. By-the-way why don't ono of the Grafton Itaco Clubs introduce ono of these innch- inos ; I fool it would tend to rotnovo some of tlioso stontorian crios, such as " 5 to 1 bar 1 " and so on, which jar tho sensitivo aural organs of my lady friends and myself when seated on tho Grand Stand (although mind you some of us do lovo tho excitciuont of a little sweep). Now if all nictallioians were as guntlo and ion ton as Windsor Goorgo thoro would bo uo nocossity for totalisatork. That Mr. Pay really understands his businosB. I have had a now sot of molars fitted. Tlioy arc oxqui- sito, but Mr. says tlioy onablo mo to talk too plainly. . Tho above was unavoidably hold ovor on Friday. — ED. G. A Of all sinoouros in tho Civil Sorvico that of Com missioner at Land Inquiry Courts appeals to mo about tho rosiest. From what I can learn tho duties are of suoh a character that any deposition olerk could por- forin, and yet tho country is, I understand, paying .theso gentlemen littlo short of £"00 per annum each-1 Why tho duties aro not porformcd by tho Polico Mngis. trato of each distriot is a mystery to mo i and thus avo tho publlo revenue a few thousands evory year. ; Qiiith a now idoa for tho destruction of caterpillars lies boon (u la Watt watoldng tho tea kotllo) dis covered. Three elllson were seated at a table In a well-known Grafton hostelrlo, enjoying their liquids, wliun a sliuv uuturplllar found Hh way on to tho table, A midden thought occurred to nnu of tho trio, ami forthwith hu prucoudud to tust thu caterpillar's capa bilities for imbibing gln--n small drop of whlob on tho olotli the " bcasllu ' seuii disposed of, and It iv.il ly enjoyed tlio drink, making it quite lively | a second dron hud the oll'vot of causing loo eatuiqiillar to rear itself with evident, giiHlo ns if it had learnt tho great secret. Soon alter a green ualerplllar uuido its way out from a luiuuli uf flowers standing oil the table, and straightway another uf thu trin prnuenlud to expori- luiiulalisu. This gimtlemim was drinking Colonial " swuuhey j " the ell'vel id I lii. heversga upon cater pillar Nn. 2 was murvollous, foe it produced sudden death alter It had snaked up a slnghrdrop. It Is not unlikely that next year a mot ion will Im submitted in the Council In pureliu-m n I in.- -Iicnd or two of Colonial (quality to he touted by nldi-rmoii uoutcuqilnthiK lesig- nation) In rcudlui. for the si-a-am when the uaior- pillars atlauk the Uurp»iuti.>u slieet trues. So I see tlio Mm Inn Hoard have been on ihelr annual plo-nle rirliud the N'oVlhein i'.srd, In order to see that llm lamp.'gheeos at Ihe 'aeieial lighthouses are kept property cleaned. Uf course news til the date of tludr, lie uriurn wna lliishvd In inheuve of tlii-m, and nlinuhl I if huppeo- us a rule- -that lightleiUsi-.t are led properly alien, led In, everything ulaiul. llienl I < lurhishcd In all uxenieiiiliug ilogren ot hiiiluiuey by tin. timo tliey arrive, lie, mil- -lavorahlu lepeil. What I should liko to know is, wlioreiu lies tho pra, -ileal u u of thesu anmial vlsllations, uxeept to give a lew jolly old sails a capital outing and expend a few hundred of the surplus rovuimu 1 On Wednesday 1 noticed a memo. on tlio shipping hoard at tho Tolograpli Ollieo tli this ell'eot — " llnniur with 1'. M. Board urnssed out at 2'1o." Now 1 liuxxlvd my brains as to what this meant, until luy head tsirly aoheil. 1 thuught at first that thu oldof uu. istratu of the town had loft on a visit, Imt that wouldn't do, us 1 had seen him. Thou guessed that it stuod for " I'lir./.lcd Mummy," " Rant ing Maniacs," and ell suets of things until at lust my anxiety was alleviated by hearing " .Mae," ouu of tlioso " tiuk-tiuk " follows iusiilu, explain (after scratching tlio tiqi uf oiio our) to u tall guiilloimm with silver 1 buttons on his eont, thutdt meant " I'rusident Marlnu Board," anil us Uu appeared satisfied, sn was I. Of course lavas (Wttu to my mn«-di'->da«ir) only present in spirit. What fun— the usual solemn quietude of Orafton broken by a row in tlio Council, After reading the report, howovor, I fancy tlio retiring alderman acted ratliur hastily, seeing that the Mayor hack virtually ruled thu alderman (charged with huing potted) out uf order, and was about to Ho so again, when tho charge ol acting partially was hurled at tlio Mayoral chair. From what I can learn tho acting- Clerk clearly earned a douceur for extra nurviuos ; hut I must agrvn with Aldorinnn Maurice, this far at least, that it would havo been hullor for the claim to huvu hcun referred by tho Cotttiuil to the Finnuuo Cuimnitteo for report. I don't like to hear of thosu dillionllios whore hurmonv ought to rule, and, with Aldurmun Scluufi'cr, uousiiiur such squabbles unseemly. By- thc-hyc, this minimis mc that tlm Rato-Gollcolor's very moderate request for IDs for having to tramp round tho town to survo a second batch of rate-papers has novi-r been compliod with. I think ho is untitled to it, nml hopo thosu uhlunncn who hulicvo in paying fur survious rendered nil! sec that this liUlo debt ot hummr is liquidutud. What a treat in stuie. Mr. Sooth's star Opura Company are to arrive to day, I huliuvu, and open with " l'inalure;" to he followed by "1'iratusof L'un/.imoii," i " Maritnun," and other choice operas. I hear that' South has the right lo produce " Tambour Major," and hopo ho will eivo thu Grafton folk a treat by pre- 1 Bunting it if possible. Really Grafton must be gaining uotoriuly, when such a lur. o and talented Company visit us i and I hopo tlioy will ho well patroni.-ed. Foil ready wit (oftentimes containing a deal of truth) it is hard to beat un Irishman. 1 huvu heard of an instance that occurred in this colony not lung ago. A lawyer and a clor.yuiun wore taking a stroll one day, when they passed by a farm owned by one of the sons of Erin's Isle, who was hard at work digging tlm inueh-loved " pratios." The three were soon engaged in eonvorsal ion, the Irishman causing much merriment by his witticisms. At last l'at rested on hi. spade, ami then the lawyer in a aoml-pra!'o..sionul uty'o inti mated his desire to ask tlio farmer a question. ' l'o be shuro," said Rat. " Well," said the lawyer, " If the devil came along now which of thu three pi < anil do you think hu would taae first! " Rat raised his hat, ami after thoughtfully rubbing his pull walked up lo tlm clergyman, nn,f putting his hand nil Ids, shoulder, replied, " Shuro, yer rivurinee, it wuld bo nytlier you or I, because liu is slmro of liiin I " (pointing lo tho lawyer.) Thu legal guutluniuii uuido no furthur in quiries from RaL Is a certain town whore billy-cook hats woro seldom' seen, a well- known citizen one day appeared wearing hiicIi a "tile" — and of course tlio mutlor was thu cause of no littlo amount of small talk, and surniisos Imrurdud as to what was going to huppun. During tho day another resident walked into uu ollieo in thu town, and pulling ou that innocence fur which hu was so well known when about lo have u juke, seriously asked a friend if ho would buy a family liukol ? Of cnurou tlm ofiicu-kcupcr concluded tho liukets were fur the show then in thu town, Imt to make sure asked " what are tho tickets for ! " " Oil," replied tlio visitor, " to look at 's new hut ! " Does tho reader suo thu joko — 1 can't. How dreadful I Amongst tlio relics found in tlm possession of a man who was clearly strongly under the influence of King Alcohol— so muoh so us to lead him to sportively despoil some street decorations — was : just fancy, reader, a Good Templars' curd of member ship j and it seamed to exercise a spell ovor hi n (ou, for although vory violent when in company with a gentle man bearing three silver stripes on tlm tleovc of his coat, ho cooled down womiorfnlly quick when tliu guardian of tho puacu informed him, ho also was a G. T. and would report to the Lodge his newly-found companion's state. O trmjmra 1 0 mures ! I likait that there is some talk of ono of tho Grafton Banks having laid itself open to prosecution for a breach of tho Stamp Duties Act. # Facts are stubborn things (says " Acta Foinili," in thu Freeman, of Saturday last.) No ouu needs to bu told whnt the mental ubililies of Irishmen are so long as tho names of Grattnn, Bnrko, O'Connull, Moore, and right on to Dcuiuhey and to Dalley, aro rumomburod. Lot lis now sec if Irish bodies are on a par with Irish brains. A western uiun hud just discovered that the champion oarsman of tho world is Haitian, tho pluck iest one is Rush ; one of tho swiftest runners is thu Newcastle "Geordies," favourite Watson ; our smartest athlete here is Foley ; ami tlm world's pedestrian is one O'Lcary. All these (and a thousand others too) oomo from tho good old stock of Erin and loudly prouluim what Erin's sons uan do in their departments. From 1st January np to tho 8th instant, tho regis tered rainfall at Grafton was only 1(R24 inuhes, The Bollinger Rivor correspondent of the Sydnoy Mail writes — There is no news of any importance from Nana Creole, tho parentage of which is sooruelly tukon from ns by our big neighbour, tlio Clarence. I suppose wo will bo ablo to survive this if soino of our people, " of whom there are a number on the diggings," only sueoeod in bringing some of tho gold to the Bellinger. When tlio road which is now being opened is mudo travcrsiblc, tho distnnco from bora to Nana will bo two thirds shorter than from Grafton thoro. The usually correct Sydney Bulletin recently had a paragraph in its columns stating Grafton was on tho Manning ltivcr. Now, wo object to the change. The Australian Sportsman says there can bo no mistaking tho hostile nature of tlio fooling evinced in aortain oirclos against Elias Laycook ever sinio liis dej foat by Rush in tho first contest for the sculling cham pionship a few weeks ago. It is broadly assertod that Ilis porformanco was not an honest one. Rush has stood up on hohalf of his opponent, anil Laycouk ux- i pluiued thu disadvantages under which ho laboured when defeated by RubIi. In London or New York bis explanation would bo accepted ; why should it 1m re fused iu Sydnoy! Is it sought to drivo away Laycouk in tlio same fashion as Triekott ! For tho sako of our aquatic reputation wo trust it is othorwiso. Last weok 1855 aoree woro selootod at tho Lismoro Land Office. 