OLD TANDERHAVEirS WILL. BY MASY X. EEHIT. A golden summer evening some fifteen years ago. The shadow of the Belfry Tower lay aslant the snnny market place of the ancient city o£ Bruges, and. the musical chimes fell eweetly on the warm, "till, evening air, as they played the Shadow Song from Dinorah. The old houses which snrrounded the place, with thdr quaint " step " gables, carved timbers, and deep- set casements, seemed to have fallen asleep in the sun shine, dreaming perhaps of the days when Bruges was one of the centres of the world's commerce; when ha haughty burghers lived like princes, and the ministers of twenty nations raided within her walls. One of the largest and most pic turesque of the ancient tenements — formerly the GuM-houae of a wealthy Corporation — was occupied by M. Nicolas Ysndahaven, who, after a busy and prosperous life as a merchant at Antwerp, had retired to spend the evening of his days in -Ids native city. On the first floor, looking on the Market-place, was a spacious apartment which had been the Banquet-chamber of the GuilcC and was now used as a studio by M. Yanderhaven's grandson. No artist could have desired more harmonious surroundings. The room, though unfur nished, was a picture in itself ; with its painted ceiling, walls panelled in dark polished oak, superb Renaissance chimney-piece, and the sixteenth-century tapestry that hung before the door. Portraits of the members of the Guild still occupied their old places on the walls, bat on a panel to the right -of the chimney-piece hong a more modern picture, representing an ancestor of the present proprietor, in whose family the house had been formally generations. The only occupant of the room this summer evening was Bernhardt Yandee- haven, a handsome, dark-eyed young fellow, with moustache and short pointed . beard, dressed, with a certain affectation of . -carelessness, in a qaintly-cnt blouse and open collar. ; He bad drawn his easel close to the window to catch the falling light, and was printing industriously, puffing at his cigarette meantime, and only pausing now and then to cast a half reproaching glance at the darkened sky. At length he drew back, looking at his work with a critical frown. Gradually his brow relaxed, and a smile stole to his lips. "Yes, it is like her," he muttered - "very like! Jnst that- wistful look in the eyes, and the tender, trnstfnl smile I know so welL My sweet Annette The printing was a half length portrait of a young eirl in the richly picturesque costume of a noble Flemish lady of the seventeenth century : a girl with a deli cate, oval face, only faintly tinted with rose-colour ; sweet smiling lips, and softest hazel eyes, which had a dreamy, " out-looking " gaze that gave a touch of spirituality to ha beauty. The young man studied every line of the sweet face as if he had never seen it before. So absorbed was he that he did not hear the opening of the door, and started when a familiar voice behind him said, drily : "I fear I am interrupting you, Bernhardt. Shall I come again when yon are less occupied tn You caught me dawdling for once, grandfather," the young man answered, turning towards the intruder with a pleasant smile ; ' bat I have been work ing furiously all day, and my picture is nearly finished." "I am glad to hear it," was his reply, as, without even glancing at the canvas, the intruder took his seat on the only chair the room contained, unceremoni ously sweeping on the floor a heap of drapery which encumbered it Monsieur Nicolas VandeihaTen was a handsome, vigorous man of seventy, with few signs of age about him, save his silvered hair and his thick, white brows, beneath which his keen eyes glittered "like fire under snow." His chin was square and firm, and his closely-shut month would have been terribly grim but for some lines about the cornets. which showed a gleam of humour and kindness. His face was a pretty fair index.to his character shrewd, hard, bat not unkind, and capable on occasion of generous impulses. -"I am glad to hear it," he repeated. " There has been enough, or rather too much, of dreaming and daubing : it is time you began life in earnest" Bernhardt raised his brows. "I thought I had began it in very serious interest," he returned, with a half smile, standing with one foot on the rail of his printing (tool, and his elbow on his lame. "I have worked hard enough lately to satisfy even you, Monsieur." "Waked I humph, well — if yon call that work. But who is the better of it ? What comes of it all !" " Nothing yet perhaps, bat fame and fortune wifl come of it some day — at least, I hope so," added Bernhardt ; " and that hope is my guiding star." " A will-o'-the-wisp that will lead you into a swamp," was the encouraging comment. The young man laughed, and tossed back his long hair. "Come, grandfather, how can you tell what my chances are f he said good- bumooredly ; "yon will never glince at my pictures. I should be glad if you would, for you are an excellent judge of painting, though yon have such contempt for artists." "Artists who are worthy the name have my admiration and respect," answered Mr. Yanderfaaven deliberately. " I only despise those shallow pretenders who make art an excuse for idleness and affectation ; for wearing abnormal coats and beards" (his listener winced slightly); "leading abnormal ' lives, and bring altogether chartered as Bohemians. However, enough 'of that;" he wuitiimri "I want to have a little serious talk with yon." -The young artist gave a resigned sort of shEB& end poshing himself on his painting stool, prepared to listen. „ "Ton will he twenty-one the first of, next monthi" Ids grandfather ban." "You have not forgotten our agree ment ?" ..c . "Ntysfr; I have not forgotten. "Yob were to leave me free to foOov my own devices till I was of age; theorIw«sifc choose between art and commerce; to deride whether ! woqldgii.an with my printing, or join my cousin in the house at Antwerp, of which yon are" UtSTa pernios! hasd." ""Exactly. WbHI " Well — I have chosen art; or rather art has chosen me. She has calledjtad I must follow, whether she rewards me or not I am Sony to dimpprint you, grandfather, knowing you had set your heart on my entering the firm, but — it is impossible!. I should never be a man cf business. I am a painter or nothing." Ominously grim grew his companion's face as he listened, and the lines about his mouth had nothing humorous now, but he replied quietly enough. " Very good. Yon are prepared to take the consequences of your derision, I presume 1" "The consequences! I am prepared to work hard and bide me time, if thai® what you mean." " Not quite. Are yon prepared to earn your own living ! Will your brush find you food to eat, clothes to wear, and a roof to covtt youf " Well — not yet perhaps ; I haven't tried to sell my pictures ; bat after a " After a time, when fame and fortune have found yon — just so. Meanwhile, you see, like many another genius ' before yon, yon stand a chance of starving in a garret" Bernhardt stared at him in astonish ment and dismay. " 1 don't understand," he began ; " you do not mean " " I do not mean to keep you in luxury and idleness, when you have set my wishes at defiance, upset my plans, and frustrated the ambition of my life." " What was that P his grandson inter rupted. , " To leave the old firm as I found its flourishing under the old name, that ha been transmitted stainless from father to son for flour generations — since the time of oar founder, Simon Vanderhaven." And be glanced at the old portrait by the chimney-piece, which seemed to look back at him with sympathy and approval. " Bat my cousin Cornelius — " Bern hardt began. " Your cousin is an excellent manager; and a keen of business — somewhat too keen, perhaps — bat he is not a Vanderhaven. I bad hoped that your father would have been my successor, but he is gone before me. Yoa will be the last of the old stock." Bernhardt was silent a moment, look ing at his grandfather with compunction and regret. "Gnndfatha," be faltered, "I did not understand — I did not know yon felt it so deeply. Believe me, I am grieved to disappoint yon, bat " "Grieve for yourself rather, if you disobey me," was the sternly-spoken rejoinder. "Bat I do not accept your decision as final," added M. Vanderhaven as he rose ; " I give yoa to the end of themanth to reconsider it. Bernhardt followed him to the door and held back the tapestry, looking wist fully into his face. " It would be easy to decide if I had only myself to think of," he muttered ; "but there is Annette — I mean there is some one else who has a right to be con sidered." The old gentleman stopped short on the threshold. "A-ah T" he said inter rogatively. "And who is 'Annette,' if yon please f" "She is — her name is van Elven," he stammered. " Toe "npit"1 of that van El van who died bankrupt a few yearsago I" Bernhardt coloured. " He was an hon ourable wimi though unfortunate. He left a name as stainless as oar own." " Have I said to the contrary I But he died bankrupt, and left his wife and daughter to lire on charity — or starve." "They do neither, Monsieur. Annette maintaina herself and ha mother by face- making. The other made a sort of grimace. " And yoa propose to make this little lace giri your wife 1" ' " With your permission, Monsieur." " Or without it," was the dry addition. " You will ask ha advice in the matter we have been dtecnmnife I suppose!" "I — yes, I shall certainly consolt her." " And let ha deride for yoa," the old merchant recommended, glancing shrewd- ly at him under bis heavy brows. " I will wager she takes my view of the subject when she knows what is at stake. Women are - wonderfully clear sighted and reasonable where their own Interests are concerned. I leave my cause with perfect confidimce in Mademoiselle Annette's hands." And with an ironical how and anile; he passed ova the threshold and closed the door. Left to himself, the young man paced the room with a face of troubled (btmgfat-. Yes, Annette would take his grand father's view cf the ease, he supposed, though not; as the latter had cynically suggested, from interested motives. It was not poverty she would iear, but the separation which, was inevitable if he were cast at once on bis own resources. It might be years before be could ash her to share his Jot, and he had no right to expect that she should waste ha youth in waiting for htm. And yet, to give up the -due purpose, and ambition of his life : to turn his hark on the heights that ruee before him, and descend to the grey and level plain 1 It was hard indeed. He glanced round the room, and thought of the happy houra be had spent there, fa eager purs ait of the ideal : of the fair visions that had kept him company, the hopes that LJ lured hfm on. Would love itself compensate him for all he would lose in losing art ! The sound of the chimes turned him fronting troubled reflections. He glanced at his watch. "Aquaria to seven! I did not know it was so late. I promised to meet Annette on the Foot da Beguinage atsunsEt" He pot aside his brushes and palette, and exchanging ha blouse for a eoat, left thehouse andtook his way to ceej of the innunurahln bridges - which gnri. the (fid city ifaiTemist rume.V He was first at the ttystfag-plsee. He folded Imtams «i tire parapet ailing, and looked thoughtfully at the fanu&a; scene before trim. in the back ground rose thetsRsptaofMptasDame,, bathed in the goldenglow of sunset;; while the roofs and gables at its base; were lost in purple shadows. The pictur esque, irepdsr ; bid whkk bonfcredtire ourelwoeiuat for the most part shea to the water, nth little teracef fctafaooies atiarimhgaiglt, but a boat moorsd underawSlow. " Every detoUrifAhesw wis feSjafca fa the till water as fa a mirror, except where, hoe and there, the picture was broken by a floating network of water-lily leaves. Beyond the bridge was the archway lading to the B&gufasge; the chapel bell -was summoning the sisters to " Benediction." Presently the church dock struck seven ; then once more the belfry chimes rang ont; softened by dis tance. The golden summer evening, the gently flowing water, the softly chiming bells all blended together in a (harm that soothed and cheered him. He took ont his pocket sketch book, and was dotting the outlines of the scene, when the sound of a light footstep made him turn. It was Annette. She did not see him at first; and be watched her as she advanced, glancing about ha with ha Boft, short-sighted eyes. How sweet she looked, he thnogbt, with her pretty, pensive mouth and dreamy eyes ; those eyes which had always a shade of tender melancholy, even when her lips smiled, as they did. most brightly when he came forward to meet her. Yes, she was worth any sacrifice, he decided, ftw mind was made up now as to the coarse he should take. "Have I kept yoa waiting!" she asked, giving him a dainty little hand that a dachas might hare envied. " I have been very busy finishing some work. Daylight grows precious after and- summer." "Yoa try your eyes too modi, dear," he said looking at ha tenderly. "Yoa know they are not strong, and if yon overwork them they will fail yon alto gether some day." " Do not suggest anything so terrible," she said with a little shiver; pasting ha hand over them. "Have yoa been drawing J" she continued looking at bis sketch-book. "It is only an outline," be returned, showing it to ha. "The view from here would make a beautiful picture," she remarked ; "you must paint it some day, for me." " I shall paint no more, Annette." She looked up, startled. "What do yon mean !" "I mean," he returned with a forced laugh, " that in fntore £ am to be a slave of the quill instead of the brash. Yoa rememba I told yoa my grandfather wished me to enter the business when I was of age!" "And yoa have consented!" " Not yet, bnt I must. He tells me if I refuse he will turn me adrift ; then yon and I must part That is not to be thought of, is it, darling!" "So it is for my sake yon are giving np your art !" regretfully. " No, for my own, because I can live without art, bnt I cannot live without you," was his reply, as he drew ha hand round his arm. "And yon are quite sure it does not grieve yon to relinquish all your dreams of fame !" she questioned, with a wistful smile. " Perhaps afta all it would not have made yon happier, if yon had won it ' Laurels have a bitter taste,' the old poet says." " Yea, hot a tine artiBt does not work for 'laurels' only. The service of art is its own reward. I should hardly care for fame if I felt that I produced good work, which would live when I was forgotten — as £ mice hoped to do- Ah well," he added, with a quick sigh, " I most forget my old dreams, and ontuve my old self, if I can. Perhaps I shall develops my unsuspected genius for com merce — who knows f He laughed rather dryly, and looked i straight before him, as if he were gazing down the long grey vista of the new life on which he was to enta. That look and tone were the revelation to his companion. She realised for the first time what the sacrifice cost him. " Bernhardt, yoa vriB not be happy," she exclaimed with sudden conviction. " Yoa can never adapt yourself to a lifo so nnsnited for you, in which all your talents and capabilities will be wasted. Yonr nature must be crashed to fit it. Your grandfather- does not understand this, but I do, and I dare not accept such a sacrifice. Tell me, dear," she went on, laying ha hand on his arm, "what would yon do if yoa were free — if it were not for me, I mean f " I should borrow a fewjhnndrEd francs of my cousin and go to Borne," he answered. "Yes; you could live cheaply there, and yon would - have congenial com panions, and learn til tost toe great masters can teach you. Why should you not go!" " And leave you, Annette V "Not for long, I hope. Dearest," she added earnestly, "I would tatoa part from you for ever than live to feel that I had been the means of spoiling yonr lifo Yon shall go to Borne " "No, no ! do not tempt me," be inter posed, turning his head aside " Yes ; for my sake," die persisted. "That yon may win a name 1 shall be proud to-bear some day." "Thatday may oeya. come, Annette." " Everything comes to those -who can wait,':4Birelqootcd, - smiling, though her eyes were folf of tears ; "mid you wotrid not have to wait long for success ; I am sure of it." His face flushed and paled; he looked troubled and wavering. "Well," he said at length, "I need not deride now. I have a whole month tofconsider. Let us talk of something else." She said too more, bnt she foresaw what his decision would be, and, bravely as She had EjK>fcen, her heart sank when she thnnght f toe coming separation. She had a reason which Bernhardt did not gnre for fearing the future. She had never acknowledged to him the dread which had haunted her lately, growing heavier every day. If he had suspected that bidden trouble nothing would have induced him to leave ha. I chxvtkk n. On foemarmng of the first of July, Monsieur Yanflahaven cat in his dining- room, a pleasant (fid room, ttapresailiiyr tint of which was » aoberferown, relieved w|to brighter teaches pf colour here and town, in ,a repousse stiver, or Grtstie- Flandres vas«;and in the rich hinifa,g» of toe hooks winch lined one of the wytTla , What be tad fimrfred his cup of aft- toftert, he touched the fall at his elbow. Tie summons WTO gnswered by fas house keeper, a torttifc'htthhosea old dame; wearing ttacy and fienn of ha native province of Iiige. -TbDltoitienrBerotaidttoatlwitii teegi&W;&m.; - Instead of leaving the room she closed toe door, and approached him mysteri ously. " He is not fa the house, Monsieur," she said. " Hie bed has not been slept in, and — and I have just found this letter,, addressed to yoa on the table." She lingered,, watchiog him curiously, as he opened it. He dismissed ha with one sharp word, the;: read it through, his face growing darker with every line. - «So — be has gone to study in Bome," he repeated, with a sour smile, when he had finished. "Very well; he may starve in Bome. I have done with him." He took a vesta-match from the ink stand, twisted the letter, and deliberately burnt it, and then mounted the stairs to toe Banquet-room. The painting materi als were gone, bat toe unfinished portrait remained on toe easel. He frowned as his eyes fell upon it He guessed whom it represented, and his heart was bitter against this girl, who, it seemed from Bern hard t's letter, had en cotxraged him iu his disobedience. A palette-knife lay on the ledge of toe essel ; in a sudden impulse of resentment he took it up, and was about to cut the canvas from the frame, but as he raised his band, the sweet eyes seemed to meet his face with a wistful appeal, as if in deprecation of his anger. Hie hand foil, his brow relaxed; he gazed at toe fair face with » sort of fascination. Then, as he noted toe execution of the picture, a new expression dawned in his eyes ; a mingling of astonishment and half-reluctant admiration. If the lad could paint in this way at twenty, what might he not achieve when his powers were matured ! An uncomfort able feeling took possession of the old merchant. Hud he been mistaken after all! Had Bernhardt done wisely in disobeying him! With an impatient movement of the head, he dismissed the unwelcome doubt, and, taking the picture from the easel, turned it with its flux to toe wall, then left toe room, locking toe door and patting the key in-his pocket "If anyone enquires after uiy <gtaud- aou, you may say that he is travelling," he told old Ursula, briefly ; and, from that day Berohardt'a name was spoken no more fa bis old home. The months -went by. Summer waned into autumn, and autumn into winta— a winter of toe " good old- fashioned" type ; invigorating to the young and fatitfay, but terrible to the weak, the aged and the poor. One bitter December afternoon, Annette van Elven and her mother were alone in the little room which now served them as bed and sitting-room both, on the first floor of a house in a dull grass-grown tide- Street not for from the Cathedral. Madame van Elven, a fair, fragile look ing woman, who had been beautiful in ha youth, and was still attractive, though worn by suffering, sat in a cushioned arm-chair near the stove, while Annette crouched on the hearth, herhead dropping, her tianda idly folded on her lap, in an attitude of listless dejection. The snow outside was hardly whiter than ha cheeks, and ha eyes tad & veiled look that made them more pathetic than ever. " How quiet you are, dear !" ha com psnion said, breaking a long silence j "are you asleep I" "No, X was thinking," she answered, with an effort. " I was wondering what sort of Christmas Bernhardt would have in Bome" " A pleasantone, no doubt. Fleasanter than ours will be Poverty weighs lightly on him ; it is all part of the romance of his artist life. But with us it is bitter reality," she added with a sigh. Annette did not reply, but her face grew if poasible sadder than before "Did M. Lebrnn pay yon for the piece of lace yon took to him this morn ing, deal" asked Madame van Elven after a pause "No ; he — I shall have to go again," Annette answered, hesitatingly. Slw dared not tell ha mother the troth — namely, that toe tradesman had declined ha work, as too imperfect for sale. What she had long dreaded had come to pasa : ha tight would no longer serve for employment. " You are tired : I can tell by your voice," ha companion said tenderly, and putting out ha hand, she drew the girl to her side. Annette let ha head sink on her mother's knee, and closed ha eyes with a deep, long-drawn sigh. Yes, she was tired ; so tired that she almost felt as If it would fas happiness to sleep and never wake again ; to give up altogether the weary struggle that grew harda every day. They were sitting in the same position when, ten minutes later, an unfamiliar footstep sounded on the stairs, and there was a tap at the door. Annette rose, smoothing ha disordered hair, and opened it A stanga stood there ; a comely old woman, in the picturesque costume of a loSgeoise. " Mademoiselle Annette van Elven!" she said, interrogatively, and when the latter assented, handed ha a letter, ; "X have had some trouble to find you, Mamlseile. My master raid I was to wait tor an answer." "Is your master M. Lehron f Annette enquired. "No ; M. Yaadohaven," toe old servant replied, gfawiug dwillr at ha face. . The girl started, turning from white to red. Recovering from her surprise, however, she placed a chair fur ha visitor, lighted the lamp, and then, re turning to her mother's tide, read toe noteafaod. ' "W niremwrr. — T viJi to eee you, but am prevented by illness from calling upon yoa. VVUlyoa da me. toe favour to return with my servant ! -X shall not detain vou long.— Ydnra, ' "Nicholas Yakbebeaves." "X. s appose he. is anxious to hna news of Bernhardt," was ha mother's whispered comment. "Yoa will go, dear "Yes," Annette assented. "Has Ml Yanderhaveu been long 31 f" she asked XJrsnla, as she pit on ha bat and jacket " Ail the winter, on and. off ; it began, witha bad gold. Bat fae has nevar been quite the same efaoeM. Bernhardt went awey." srotiy left the house together. V. . "Please to come -upstaira," ha com- paamn mid,- ytoen|2wete adnrittnd tn the bfa GqildTinaie ; i«nd tiie led toe way .broad, vafc tafae»m jtoibs Banquet-room. It was furnished now; a great- wood fire burned on toe wide hearth, and a Japanese screen shut out the draught Monsieur Vanderhaven was seated near the fire, with bis bark towards them ; a tall, gaunt figure in a grey dressing- gown and velvet cap. When his visitor entered he gave ha a scru inizing glance under his heavy brows, and bowed, bat did not rise, &s; fas motioned ha to seat " Mademoiselle van Elven," he began when they woe alone; "X believe you are . in correspondence with my grand-, son!" " Yes, Monsieur," she answered,quietly, though her heart was flattering. X have heard from him frequently smce he left home." " Since you sent lnm away," he correc ted it was by yonr advice, I believe, that he went !" " I advised him, as I thought, for the best, and I have reason to believe that I was right. He tells me that he is making rapid progress, and that bis pictures have . already attracted attention. X believe he has a brilliant future before him." " Humph ! we shall see," was the remuk. "Be kind enough to give me his address. It may fa necessary for me o write to him, " and he poshed toe ink- ttand towards her. She took up the pen, but there seemed to be a mist before toe paper. Afar one attempt she riiook her head, and held it out to him. " My eyes will not serve me at all to night," she said, with a deprecating Brule ; " the addrean is———" " What is toe matter with your eyes!" he interrupted. " I have ova-tired them at lace-making. - They have beeu flailing me some time." " You ought to have advice about them," said M. Vanderhaven, more gently than he had yet, spoken. He had foft bitterly towards ha when she entered, bat somehow his resentment seemed to be melting away before the gentle cjm- posure of her manner, and the -patient sweetness of ha smile. . "I have, Monsieur. The doctor tells me there is no organic disease ; if I could give them complete rest Ear a tim& toay would -serve me for my whole lifo to coma." "And are you. resting toemT " X must now- — Against my will," she answered, with an involuntary sigh. " I can work at my laee-ptUow no longer." "And bow do you intend to employ yourself !" She shook ha head and no reply. He looked at ha steadily a moment; elowly rubbing his chin, .thro dipped toe pen in ink. " You said the address was " " N ember 12, Via Mmrgutta, Rome," she answered, aud rose, thinking toe interview was at an end. " Wait a moment," he interposed as he wrote. "T have something to say to yon." He seemed in no -hurry to say it, how ever. Having written the address, he methodically folded the papa and placed it in his pocket-book, took off his spec tacles, and put them in their case ; then looked up. " X have a proposal to make to you," he began abruptly. "It has occurred to me that I may be able to assist yoa and, serve, myself at toe same time. I am in failing health, I need a companion and ! attendant- — someone who. would not set I my nerves on edge as professional nurses do. Should you be inclined to accept the poet!" She looked at him as if doubling whether she had beard correctly. "Do yoa mean — to live here, Mon sieur !" " Yes. Of course you could see yonr mother every day, aud I should enable you to give ha the comfort and atten dance she -needs." "Yoa are very kind," she "but " " Am . I so- formidable that you due not trust yourself with me !" he a»h»dj with a grave smOe which softened his features wonderfully, giving them a vaie resemhlancs to Berahadt'a Her face caugh t the reflection of his, and brightened suddenly. " No indeed," she said, with an answer- ing smile ; "31 hesitated, it was because I feared I might not be competent — — " " Then you will come f" he into-" rupted. ".Yes, Mrmtienr, and X- will-do my fart to please, yon. It will make me happy to be of service to " Bernhatdt's grandfather !" he finished; "just so. Then that is settied. Shake hands on it." When tire 'gave hfm her hand he de tained it, looking up at far so intently that she blnsfad, she hardly- knew: why. " When are yoa going to write to this distinguished artist f he d ' "Very shortly. ' To-morrow perhaps. Have . yoa any message for him!" she asked wistfully. He paused, apparently forgetting that : he still held her hand and looked thought- folly alt the fire. . She matched his face atodou8ly, - reading rthare toe afaus of a struggle between pride andaffiscfiorw " TeH him I am glad to bant that fa is making good progress in the prefession he. hre. chosen " "Fesf" she prompted, asfa paused. He gfratced at ha wistfol face and smiled. ' "And yon may ray that if heiB not too busy to allow himself a holiday, he may spend Christmas wito me— with as, that is." ' The guTs heart leaped; a thrill of exquisite happiness brought toe tens to'l her eyes. - With a sadden impulse she stooped and kissed toe uinkled hand , that held far own.. ,r.: c Yte ,«ld . merchant patted iter cheek. "Ybttot; tiHyddM; sivu j&r; kisses fik- some rare -wjta».$sa Aright toroa, Ire said. ' r Two days fata- Anntitebegsn her sew daties, snd "was soon aa much mt haine in .toe old Gufld-hoqse as ft tire fad. lived there for years. She was happy in far new ilfr, and her young presence so brightened the house that M. Vsnda- havec found himsaf wondering ho# be could have endured its gloom, aud atii- tnde before, she cagie. - . The time paseed pleaaantly to both of them, said eridryhnwghirirBrei aire meetfag whkh, in merchant hmgedfocromodi-sstirefiSd, tisrngh, fa seldom mentioned 'YAjggjsSrl CSfirfiw dss tinCbti«tras«»;An- netteromofad from the knitting which fapt frer. Angara bosy while, her .eyes and thoughts woe- free. They were fa the Buquet-room; Monsieur Varderfaayen reclining in a capacious leather . fanijmil aeor toe -fire, while Annette sat opposite to him in a lew, straight-backed tapestry chair. The: old room, with its paneQad walls mid antique farnitnre,- formed a - picturesque background to her greliah-figae. Ha companion was staringthoughtfufly at toe fire,- with the Bewapspa rohre knee. Ha- words roused him -from his abstraction. "So soon! X had . forgotten how time went." ""Bernhardt wiRbe wito uaonChrist- ciaa Eve," tin "Ah! and that reminds me ; there is something X intended to do before be returned." His tamed his chair to the table. " Give me pen and ink my dev." Hie placed writing materials before him, and then paused, struck fay the haggard pallor of his face. " Are you feeling worse tonight, Mon sieur !" " Worse ! No, child ; I am better, 3 anything," he answered, cheerfully. " I was .to hiking only «. moment ago;- that I might yet live to see my great-grand children round me in theold house." He glanced -at fas companion, -who " suddenly, sw sully, strangely blushed," and became absorbed in far work again. His pro travelled rapt&jr; over the papa, --only panning now and then to make an alteration .or additum. When he had covered four -pages with firm handwriting; he giaooed over what fa hsd-wrftten, seemed mtisfad with it; and made efair copy on a fresh sheet. Then he looked up. " Will you tell Ursula and Jacob that f want them for a few momenta!" She left toe room, and- gate his mes sage to the two old servants, remaining downstairs till they returned, which .they did very shortly looking mysterious apd important . As she re- entered die room, tire fended she heard toe click of drawer or door hastily fihnt; but. the screen being so arranged as to «ndo» the tmartfa, afa coold see aotomg until afas fcad passed round it '-tChro She' found Monsieur Vanderhaven standing wito. his arm on toe masriye chimney-piece, witching toe burning of a piece of papa, whidt.fa had just thrown npon the fogs. . He did,not speak. nn til- she had been seated some momenta.. " I have been making, ray will," he said, abruptly, at length : " I made one ax months ago, in a moment of auger, bnt that shall be destroyed before Bern hardt returns. By this .new one ! have .lhft him everything except the business, and that he will not grudge to . his cousin. X- shall give it to Mai Ore Jsirescn'a keep to-morrow. Meantime," he added, wito a carious: smite; ""! has put it in a safe place, where it would be difficult to " He stopped abruptly, putting his hand to his head. Hie blood suffused his face to toe temples, thro retreated, Laving him lividly pale. He etaggered, and would have faLlen if-Amrette bad not supported him. Hie bent-over him fa-alaroi as he sank into a. chair. " It is nothing" he .gasped; "a passing famtness " He drew ppe. or two heavy breaths, and seemed to facmer somewhat, though hisIacs wM still white and haggard. " Good girl, good girl," be said, tontit- ing ha cheek as she bent ova him ; ''yoa deserve to be happy, aadyoasfall be. Yoa will live here, yoa .and Bem- hardt ; he will have this for his painting- room again. He vrifljuakea-Bame — yes, the lad was right ; he is an artist. Never let the old house go into strange bends — I love it. It has sheltered my. people for more than a century ; -ewr emee.toe time of old Simon Vanderhaven, yonder," and he nodded towards toe portrait wito s imile of friendly ; recognition, then sat silent, rotq l1 Night hollow of \- the fire. "I am drowsy," lie uljd last ; " I think I could sleep." Annette stood near him till his eyes dosed, thro cetanred to far seat But sire -could not work- ' Hrefifit no; tagj. ami depressed. Ha ss dvfaltjirito.a; .sort of . fascination .on ha .motionless figure -opposite, .only glancing - amy wow and then at the flickering fire, .or _out through toe onrarteined .. window at tire ! the. here mooa-Et -Race, where rha shadows of tire quaint old. booses by black ba the snOw-whiteDed-payanent About quarter of as hoar had passed \ thus, when she head the nmSed roll of icamsge-wfaels approedung toe imtm Hreypsnaed at thsdoor, mad-tooe was a knoek which sounded rmnatarafiy load fa tire dace. She rtartedto faafert. Gould it he Bernhardt, who had anired before his time! -was thefirrt thought that flashed across her. . Assuring herself that M. Vsndethaven pro still tiaprnft tire went oat into toe landiug. and leaned - "over the heavy carv.belesbsd& looking down into the lamp-lit 'faafl.- Yes — it : waa - Bernhardt who stopdrtoeri Jjmigdd.jiTmnl' shrill- questions and -exclamations; as , Ire dkmia— ii toe -carriage, and- dosed the door. ' Annette's, glad cry csngbt his ear- at once. He looked up,fltmghie- travellfag- wrepe an to tire floor, and bounded -wp- stain. ' "My darling, my darling!". was afl he could, ray at first, between, a showr- of kfaes. "How I have longed for you all these weary months P "And I flor yoo," she wfaispoed hyly, as she looked op into his face, bronzed mid elder-looking, hot haad - sanrec than -ever, toe thought, wito a timll of jwide. _ , " "Audfofindypahae.to weJccine bk; it seems; dike- fairy Aide!: Yenmnrt have bewitched- my grandfather. And yterr cyes. 'darifogP "fa- went onteu- deriy, befag to &fan-; ?H, yon. had told xne that troabls -beflsm,!- should neva -have h& you. Are tlrey brtterf " : ; ' \- "So mnrh better that I. warn yon ,1 shall be able to detect afltoe faalte w yonr dctores," was ba bingbriig reply- "But yoa Iravro'texplBiDed y etwhyyon are faere fbur dajs boreyour timet 'We did nflterpwtyoa tjll6firistiiiss Ew." V "I fiamd if I dtioyed J ahould be saow-boand." Tiae hmve freed eererti m "asfaM "ligm «a jngB, Mh Msy yfa said, more gravely, -ft have been no sbwpefa r Wji&i; .-r.iw .Gv. Ifii. u.-r's« iM " " Xflsar so. tfaoui be wiQ not admit it He was .speaking of yoa just now. I know he longs to see yoa. Oatne." Hand in hand they passed into tire room bright wito finJigh and lamp light. The old merchant had not moved. His hod rested against toe back of the chair ; his hands woe folded in an atti tude of peaceful repose. "He b asleep," she whispered ; " fa Oh Bernhardt, what is it P For toe young nan, after one glance at the pallid face, altered an inarticufote ay, rod sank en bis knees before tire chair. Monsieur Ysndahaven was sleep ing " the sleep that knows no waking." CHAPTER HL It was Christmas Eve. the pave had dosed ova Nicholas Ysndahaven. All tire dismal hustle of toe funeral was ova, mad those interested fa the old mer chant's will were assembled in tire dining- room to hear it tend by the notary. The party was not a large one, consist ing only of Bernhardt, his cousin, Cor- Befitu Dewiut, from Antwerp, a stout, florid, prosperous-looking personage of i middle age, wito a land voice, and a self- : -assertive manner ; Urania, ami Jacob the . butter, and lastly, Annette, who was present at Bernhardt's desire. The notary, a little, spare, high-dried man, fa a dusty brown wig,. and gold, eye-glass, glanced round at the party as he unfolded a sheet of crackling- parch- ment "This -will was deposited .with me by my late client some six months ago," he .began. "It " "Exeoee-mc; Maitre Jansaen," Bern hardt interrupted : " I am informed that there is a later one; which my gnnd fatha made only a few horns before bis -death." ' "Yes, he wrote it in my presence," Annette pnt in. "And we witnessed it, Jacob and I," poke old Ursula. " The master sent for us on purpose." Monsieur Dewiut wheeled round in his .Chair, and stared from one speoka to anatirer, while toe lawyer looked nnda hie eye- glass at Annette. "Indeed! I was not aware «f it," .be said. " Monsieur Vanderhaven intended to have placed it with yoa- the next morn- fog" she continued. " He said toe first will was made- in a moment of irritation, and he-wished it to he destroyed before Bernhardt returned." . "As Mademoiselle was so fire in my nude's confidence; perhaps she can tell as toe contents of this second will !" sug gested Cornelius, with a voted sneer which brought the colour to Bernhardt"® cheek. " Yes, Annette answered quietly. "M. Vanderhaven told me that his grandson would inherit everything except toe busi ness at Antwerp, winch was left to your self, Monsieur." He gave a sort of grunt, and -pulled his heard discontentedly. " Well, where is it ! Why is it not produced !" was his demand. " We have not looked for it yet," fieru- hardt replied, " but it must be somewhere in tire Banquet-room, as my grand father never left that apartment alive after he made it." "Tfaro we mast find it at once," Maitre Janssen said, rising. " If it exists this is so much waste paper," and he threw tire parchment on the table. "All tire same, perhaps you will oblige me by resding tost," Cornelias Dewint suggested. Tie notary glanced at Bern hardt. " By all means, if my cousin wishes it," replied the latter. " I think I can guess the contents." The document was short and to toe point. The business at Antwerp, and all the real and personal estate — chargeable wito annuities for the old servants — were left to .Cornelius Dewint; on condition that he neither let, sold, or demolished toe old "Gtrildhoose, while Bernhardt came in for an ironical bequest of five bundled francs — " to buy paint and can- ns. Annette - looked distressed, end toe young man flushed body. " X don't wonda my grnndfatha was anxious to revoke will so unjust," be commented. " It remains to be proved whether he did revnke it," was hia cousin's remark. " I have a sort of presentiment that this second document wfll not be forthcoming." Bernhardt answered by a slight shrug, as fee roue and ted the way to the Banquet- room. Nothing had been disturbed since the old merchant's death. Hia chair still stood- in its ptecs.. with the screen behind it ; toe -ashes remained cm the cold hearth. Annetteh knitting by -where tire had thrown it down. Inexpressibly forlorn it all looked in toe waning light of toe winter afternoon, and in their various ways every member of the party felt the depressing influence of tire scene. "If the papa is within these four walls weshall Bbrofind it," toe notary observed, aucuuBcioasly lowering his voice. And indeed, -unto the exception of an old press; -where Bernhardt had been in tbehmbitaf keeping his paintingmarerials, tbenr seemed no place where it could be rtowecLaway. The wfll was sot in toe press, however, hor was it to be firand elsewhere. They searched systematically ; examining every nook and comer of toe old room, sounding the panelling and the flooring, .looking hnbinri and under the farnitnre, andnot derating in their quest till every - ane, exeept Annette, was convinced that it ma fa vain. "-Bret it most he here," the girl ex claimed excitedly ; " it cannot have been footed sway. M. Vanderhaven told me-tbatfae kad pat it in a-safe place — " "The 'fire; probably," was Cornefius DewfotV suggestion. " My belief is — wito alTdefereuce to Mademoiselle — that mj jsnde changed hia mind at the last "I arapasitrve he Sd not," she asserted. . ; He x ScMtdy .alone with it moment, for directly toe --aervante left - him, I retrnned, «nd it was then that he told me the -contenta. He was standing there, by the cKmneyHece." ; Bernhardt, who stood wear tirewfadow, looking not into tire dusk, tamed and fanfansed tot-her. DM you uottejl me mr fa tttM ffl jiff 1 '' Fos. bat dtor-I Shouit -rt was the rrai iraftcf tire -wffl." ; "Mit fa not, fa frredvataice, have : fSiedidrtDtSDSwa; batfar heart sank. Ifc asa— & Bsffy too tint rodi waa tiai. ritoB." " There was a prase. It was W, fad m tvm vt ton' little group were lit by a lamp on toe chimney-piece. The young man stood wito his back to the rest, looking down at the Market-place, where the snow was falling heavily. At length the silence wis broken by Monsieur Dewiut, who left toe notary's side and approached his cousin. "Well, Bernhardt, yon see I was right," he began, in a fond, cfaar- fid voice, rattling toe loose cash in bis pockets. "This mysterious document is won at uttenftu Of course I fed for your disappointment ; still, you can hardly expect me to give up the property off hand to please you. Such generosity is rare — off the stage. You are not going to dispute the wfll, I presume f " No. X think it an unjust one, and I believe my grandfather had intended to revoke it, bat no other beiugprodadble, it is perfectly valid. You are in your own house; coturin," and he bowed to the new master wito formal politeness. The latter glanced around htm dis paragingly. " ffm — it is no great acqui sition. If I had my way I should poll down the old bartque, and build good bouse in its dace. Well," fa continued, "suppose we go dawoataim; this room is as cold as a vault" He passed out, followed by Maitre Janssro, hot the other two lingered. " Annette, my sweet, do not fook so sorrowful," Bernhardt said, enarding ha with his arm ; " why, tire loss el this fortune seems to trouble yon. more than it does me." "For your sake," she faltered ; for myself, I am not afraid of poverty. .It is eo strange, so inexplicable, that the rill should have disappeared in tins way," she continued. "I am convinced that it is fa the room at this moment, if we only knew where to look for it," She moved from his side, and cart her eyes thought&Ily; round. He shook fas head. "It is not here, or we should have found it," he said. "Try to think no more of it, dear ; we cannot " The words died on his Iipe as he looked at his cocnpeurion. She waa standing fa the middle a f the room, far hands hanging at her - sides, tar. -eyes fixed and dilated, gazing into space. Every trace of colour had faded from ha face. He sprang to her side. " Good heavens, Annette — what is it ! Are you 31!" Hie drew a long breath, and looked at him like one waking from a .dream. " No, I am not 31," she whispered, " bat X have the etongart feeling. Aa if — aa if there were someone else fa the room with ns " She shivered and glanced nervously round the long shadowy apartment, which was only half-lighted by tire lamp on the chimney-piece. Bernhardt invol untarily did the same, bnt they were the only occupants. " Yon see that we are alone," be said. " You are tired and over-excited, darling : yoa need rest. It is snowing so heavily that you cannot leave the house at present. Go and lie down, and I will send Ursula to you." She acquiesced mechanically, and allowed him to lead her to the door. Her hand was deadly cold, and ha eyes looked dreamy and absent He Hawed ha cheek, and detained ha a moment looking into far face with anxious tender ness but she turned from him without another word, and mounted the stairs to the little room she had called ha own. Five minutes lata old Urania entered with a tray, and found ha lying on the bed in toe dark " I've brought you a cup of coffee, Mam'selle Annette," the old servant said. " Monsieur Bernhardt hopes you are better; and the 'new master'" she jerked her chin aggressively) " graciously allows you to spend the night here, as it is snowing so heavily. Eh !" she broke off, " it makes me angry to see the airs he gives himself and to think haw different things would have been, but Ear the loes of a piece of papa ! Well, 'tis to be hoped old master doesn't know — rest his soul !" she added, piously. Annette drank her coffee in s3ence, and gave back the empty cup. " Can I do anything else for you !" ha -companion asked. "Yon look as white as a Lent lily." " X- am tired ; I shall try to sleep," she answered, finking back among the pillows. Ursula threw a coverlet over her and retired, tearing toe "miL. on the mantehdnqf. Night closed in. A Botemn, tranquil srinter night ; the earth wrapped in a mantle of new-fallen snow, the eky glittering with innumerable stars. An almost preternatural stillness brooded ova the old city, lying asleep in the snow and starlight. It seemed like an enchanted place, hnshed by some drowsy spell No footprints marked the white pavements, no sound broke the silence of the earth and air, save when at inter vals toe chimes rang out witha. "strange unearthly music," how the hoars crept on towards Christmas Mom. When the moon's silver disc rose behind the Belfry Tower, one broad ray of. cold ethereal light streamed on to the bed where Annette lay, still dressed, and deeping profoundly. For several hours ha rest was tranquil and oblirioui, bnt towards midnight die was visited by a strange dream. She seemed to be still lying on the bed, in toe half- conscious state between deeping and waking. Ha eyes were open, bat she was only vaguely aware of surrounding objects, of the moonlight dreaming on the bed, and the glimpse -of white house roofa seen through, the window opposite. Suddenly she was roused, die thought, -from this dreamy lethargy, by a voice in the room, close to her, calling her name. -She started and eat up, thrilling in every Dave, bat Dot with fear. Drawing aside toe curtains, she looked towards toe spot .-from which toe voice proceeded. The roots, save- where.tbe mooo-bearas lighted fa was lost in shadow, yet she fancied toe could discern the outlines of a figure, standing near toe hearth. As toe looked, it moved forward into tire ray of light the bedside, and then, with a sudden shock of startled re cognition, she saw that it waa Monsieur Yanderfaaven, who stood looking at far with eyes foil of argent purpose. "Annette!" tire low hot imperious vofoe repeated, "tire wOI mast be found. Caffie,"uBdta beckoned ha towards ton door. . After- the first moment 'toe seemed, with rtfa eurfous inrensibflity of- toe ritenuwy » feel geitoa surprise nor iter. 'Mt MtHPRrMnnwS81KfVV(l him down the stairs to the Banqnet-room. > The door was partly open, and the room within was lighted by a lamp, as when she had seen it IDt Her conductor crossed over to die hearth, and extended his band to the' portrait of his ancestor, which hung on a panel to the left of the chimney-piece. " Master Simon can keep a secret," he said, with a grave smile so familiar to her ; "yon would never have thought of searching here. Look?" She pressed forward eagerly as he touched tbe picture, but at the same moment a hand was laid on her shoulder, and another voice exclaimed, "Annette !" Then with a start and c>y she woke — woke in earnest this time — to find herself standing in the Banquet-room, with Bern hardt. astonished face bending over her. She looked round bewilderedly, trembling with a vague terror. Then, as remem brance returned, an expression of blank disappointment crossed her face. " Oh, was it only a dream ?" " Were you asleep 5" he exclaimed. " If I had known that, I should not have ventured to wake you. I was sorting and destroying some old sketches in these folios ; it took me longer than I had ex pected, bnt I had just finished, and was about to leave the room, when yon entered. Yon walked straight to the fireplace, and looked intently at the portrait. You were stretching out your hand towards it when I touched you. Did yon dream about it, dear ?" " Yea Oh, Bernhardt, such a strange dream." " What was it i tell me," he said, making her sit down. in low, awe-struck tones she related it, glancing now and then over her shonlder at the shadowy room behind them. " It was so real, so vivid," she concluded, " that I can hardly believe it was merely a dream." He had listened with breathless interest and growing excitement. When ebe had finished he started to his feet " Dream or not," he exclaimed, " I believe it has given as a clue to the hiding- place of the wilL It never occurred to ns that there might be a cupboard behind that portrait" Annette clasped her hands. "Oh — let as look at once !" "Hold the lamp, I will take tbe picture down," he said; but be found this was impossible, as it was fastened with cramps to the panelled walL " There must be a spring somewhere," he muttered, passing his hand down by the side of the frame, " or else — stay, what is this !" His fingers had euconntered a slight obstruction in the polished woodwork ; a small metal knob or button, which was -effectually concealed by the ehadow of the heavy frame. He pressed it, and immediately the panel with the portrait upon it started open, disclosing a deep square cupboard. The lovers looked at each other, too ex cited to speak. " Hold the lamp higher," he whispered, patting his hand into the cupboard. The first thing brought to light was a handle of old letters, tied with faded ribbon, and still retaining the ghost of their first perfume ; then came a minia- ture in a case of Bernhardt's father, when a boy, and finally— a folded sheet of letter paper, inscribed in Mousieor Van- derhaven's clear, commercial hand, " This is my fast WilL" Annette placed the lamp on the table, and looked over his shonlder as he en folded the paper. One glance showed him that the contents were as she had stated. The business was left to his cousin, and all the rest, without reserve or condition, was his own. Their eyes in an eloquent look. " But for your dream we should never have found it," he said. " How strange — how mysterious it seems !" " Was it only a dream f'she questioned, nnder her breath. They were silent ; a feeling of awe and reverence overpowered them. " If he knows, he is happy now, as we are," the young man said at last They clasped hands, and looked into each other's eyes, reading there the brightness of the future from which all shadows and perplexities had passed away. And as they stood thos, hand in hand, in the silence of the sleeping house, suddenly there rang out from the Belfty Tower the midnight carillon, ushering in the blessed Christmas morn. Sweet, strange, solemn chimes falling on the silence in a silvery stream of music, like the voices of wandering angels, ringing, "Peace on earth, good will towards men I" "A happy Christmas, and a good New Year!" Bernhardt exclaimed, as he bent to kiss the sweet face uplifted to his. 