CHAPTER LXXI. The interview between the heads of the two great houses of Montfort and Beaumaris, on which the fate of a Ministry might depend, for it should always be recolleoted that it was only by a majority of one that Bir Kobert Peel had necessitated the dissolution of Parliament, was not carried on exactly in the spirit and with the means which wonld have occurred to and been praotised by the race of Tadpoles and Tapers. Lord Beanmsris was a very young man, handsome, extremely shy, and one who had only very recently mixed with the circle in which he was born. It was under the in&uenoe; of Imogene that, in soliciting an interview with Lord Montfort, he had taken for bim an an usnai, not to say unprecedented step. He had eonjnred up to himself in Lord Montfort the apparition of a haughty Whig peer, prond of his order, prouder of his party, and not over prejudiced in favonr of one who bad quitted those sacred ranks, freezing with arrogant reserve and condescending politeness. In short. Lord Beaumaris was extremely nervons when, ushered by many servants through many chambers, there came forward to receive him the most sweetly-mannered gentleman alive, who not only gave him hiB hand, but retained bis gneBt's, saying, " We are a sort of cousins, I believe, and ought to have been acquainted before, bnt yon know perhaps my , wretched state," though what that was nobody exactly did know, particularly as Lord Montfort was some times seen wading in streams breast-high while throwing his skilfnl line ever the rushing waters. " I remember yonr grandfather," he said," and with good causa. He pouched me at Harrow, and it was the largest poach I ever had. One does not forget the first time one had a five pound note." And then when Lord Beanmsris, blushing and with much hesitation, had stated the occasion of his asking for the interview, that they might settle together about the repre sentation of Northborongb in harmony with the old understanding between the families whioh he trusted would always be maintained, Lord Montfort assnred him that he was personally obliged to him by his always supporting Qpo,., regretted that Odowould retire, sod then said if Lord Beanmaris had bdj brother, cousin, or friend to bring forward, he need hardly Bay Lord Beanmaria might connt upon him. " l am a Whig," be continued," and ao was your father, but I am not particularly pleased with the sayings and doings of my people. Between our selves, I think tbey have been in a little too long, and if they do anything very atrong, if, for inatmce, they give office to O'Oonnell, I should not be stall surprised if I weite myself to ait on the cross benches." It seems there was no member of the Beau maris ismily who wished at this juncture to come forward, and being assured ot thiB, Lord Montfort remarked there was a youug man of promise who much wished to enter the House of Commons, not unknown, he believed, to Lord Beanmaria, and that was Mr. Ferrers. He was the sou of a distinguised man, now departed, who in his dsya bad been a Minister of State. Lord Mostfort waB quite ready to support Mr. Ferrers, if Lord Beaumaris approved of the selection, but be placed himself entirely in his bauds. Lord Beaumaris, blushing, said he quite ap proved of the selection, knew Mr. Ferrers very well, and liked him very much; and if Lord Moutfort sanctioned it, would speak to Mr. Ferrers himself. He believed filr. Ferrers was a Liberal, but he agreed with Lord Montrort, that in these days gentlemen must be all of the same opinion if not on the Bame side, and so on. And then tbey talked of fishing appropriately to a book of .very carious hies that wag on the table, and tbey agreed if possible to fish to gether in some famous waters that Lord Bean marls had in Hampshire, and then, as he was sayiDg farewell, Lord Montfort added, "Although I never pay visits, becansB really in my wretched state I cannot, there is no reason why oar wives Bhonld not know each other. Will yon permit Lady Montfort to have the hononr of paying her respects to Lady Beaamaris ?" Talleyrand or Metternion could not have con ducted an interview more skilfully. Bat these were just the things that Lord Montfort did not dislike doing. His great good nature was not distorted by a single inconvenient circum stance, and he enjoyed the sense of his own adroitness. The same day the cards of Lord and Lady Montfort were sent to Piccadilly Terraee, and on the next day the cards of Lord and Lady Beaumaris were returned to Montfort House. And on the following day, Lady Montfort, accompanied by Lady Uoehampion, would find Lady Beaumaris at home, and after a charmiug visit, in which Lady Montfort, though natural to the last degree, displayed every quality which could fascinate even a woman, when she put her band in that of Imogene to say farewell, added, "I am delighted to find that we are cousins." A few 'days after this interview. Parliament was dissolved. It was the middle of a wet June, and the season received its coup de grace. Although Endy mion bad no rival, and apparently no prospect of a contest, his labours as a candi date were not slight. The constituency was numerous, and every member of it expected to be called upon. To each Mr. Ferrare had to ex pound his political views, and to receive from esch a cordial assnrance or a churlish criticism. All this he did end endured, accompanied by abont fifty of the principal inhabitants, members of his Committee, who insisted on never leaving his side, and prompting him at every new door which he entered with contradictory reports of the political opinions of the indwellers, or con fidential intimations how they were to be managed and Iddressed. The principal and most laborious incidents of the day were festivities which they styled luncheons, when the candidate and the ambu latory Committee were quartered oo some principal citizen with an elaborate banquet of several courses, and in whiahMr. Ferrate' health was always pledged in sparkling bumpers. After the luncheon came two or three more hours of wb&t; was called canvassing; then, in a state of horrible repletion, the fortunate candidate, who had no contest, bad to dine with another prinipsl citizen, with real turtle soup, and gigantic turbots, entrees in the shape of volcanic curries, aDd rigid venisoD, sent as a compliment by a neighbouring peer. This iast ceremony was necessarily harried, as Endymion had every night to address in some ward a body of the electors. When this had been going on for a few days, the borongb wsb suddenly placarded with post ing bills in colossal characters of trne bine, warning the Conservative electors not to promise their votes, as a distinguished candi date of the right sort would oertainly come for ward. At the came time there was a paragraph in a local 'journal that a member of a noble family, illnstrions in the naval annals of the conntry, would, if sufficiently supported, solicit the suffrages of the independent electors. " we think, by tbe allusion to tbe navy, tbat it most be Mr. Hood of Aoreley," said Lord Beaumaris' egent to Mr. Ferrers, " bat he has not the ghost of a chance. I will ride over and see him in tbe coarse of the day." Ibis placard was of course Mr. Tadpole's last effort, but that worthy gentleman soon forgot his mortification about Northborough in, the general triumph of his party. The Whigs were nowhere, tbongh Mr. Ferr&rs; was returned without opposition, and in the month of August, still wondering at tbe rapid, strange, and even mysterious incidents, that had so suddenly and ao swiftly changed his position and prospects in lite, took his seat in that House in whose galleries be had so long humbly attended as the Private Secretary of a Cabinet Minister. His friends were still in offioe, though tbe conntry had sent np a majority of. ninety against them, and Endymion took his seat behind the Treasury bench, and exactly behind Lord Boehampton. The debate on the address was protracted for three nights, and then they divided at three o'clock in the morning, and then all was over. Lord Boehampton, who had vindicated the Ministry with admirable vigour and felioity, turned round to Endymion, and smiling said in the sweetest tone, " I did not enlarge on our greatest feat, namely, that we had governed the oonntry for two years without s majority. Peel would never bare had the pluck to do that." Notwithstanding the baokslidings of Lord Beaumaris and the unprincipled conduct of Mr. : Wsldershare, they were both rewarded ss the latter gentleman projected—Lord Beaumaris accepted a high post in the Household, and Mr. Wsldershare was appointed Under Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, Tadpole was a little glum about it, but it was inevitable: "The fact is," as the world agreed, "Lady Beaumaris is the only Tory woman. They have nobody who can receive except her," The changes in tbe House of Commons were still greater than those in the Administration. Never were so many new members, and Endy mion watched them, during the first days, and before the debat6 on the address, taking the oaths at the table in bBtcbes with much interest. Mr. Bertie Tremaine was returned, and his brother, Mr. Tremaine Bertie. Job Thorn berry was member for a manufacturing town, with which be was net otherwise connected. Hcrtensius wss successful, and Mr. Vigo for a metropolitan borough, bnt what pleased Endy mion more than anything was the retnrn of his vslned friend Trenehsrd, who a short time before had acceded to tbe paternal estate; all these gentlemen were Liberals, sod were destined to sit on the same side of the House as Endymion. After the fatal vote, the Whigs alt left town. Society in general bad been previously greatly dispersed, bat Parliament had to remain sitting until October. " We are going to Princedown," Lady Mont fort said one day to Endymion, " and we had ronnted on seeing yoa there, bat I have beea thinking mnch of yonr position einoe, and I am persuaded, that we most sacrifice pleasure to higher objects. This is really a crisis in yonr life, and mnob, perhaps everything, depends on yonr not making a mistake new. What I want to Bee yon is a great statesman. This 1b a political economy Parliament, both sides alike thinking of the price of corn and all that. Finance and commerce are everybodv'a subjects, and are most convenient to make speeches about for men who cannot speak French and who have had no education. Beat politics are the posses sion and distribution of power. I want to see yon give yonr mind to foreign affairs. There yon will have no rivals. There are a great many subjects which Lord Boehampton cannot take up. but which you could very properly, and you will have always the benefit of hia counsel, and, when necessary, his Parliamentary aesiatauoe; bnt foreign affairs are not to be mastered by mere reading. Bookworms do not make Chancellors of State. Yon most become acquainted with the great actors in the great scene. There is nothing like personat know ledge of the individuals who control the high affairs. That has msde the fortune of Lord fioebampton. west I think yon ought to do, without doubt ought to do, it to tike advantage of tbia long interval before the meeting of Parliament, and go to Paiia, Paris is now the Capital of Diplomacy. It is not the best time of the year to go there, bat yoa will meet a great many people of the diplomatic world, and if the opportunity offers, yoa can vary the scene, and go to some baths which Princes and Ministers frequent. The Count of Ferroll is now at Paris, and Minister for his Court. You know him; that is well. But he is my greatest friend, and, as you know, we habitually correspond. Be will do everything for you, 1 am sure, for my sake. It is not pleasant to be separated; I do not wish to conceal that; I should have enjoyed your eoeiety at Prince down, but I am doing right, and you will some day thank me for it. V e must soften the pang of separation by writing to each other every day, so when we meet again it will only be as if we had parted j esterday. Besides—who knows ?— I may run over myself to Paris in the winter. My lord always liked Paris; the only place he ever did, but I am not very sanguine he will go ; he is so afraid of being asked to dinner by the ambassador." 