WALLAROO, -SATURDAY, DECEMBER % 1881. OITCE more Old leather 'Christmas. with his numerous and cherished associations lias come round- ; In our own district we arepIeaBedto B4y4b^,|)r^|)ects fetremore encouraging: than. - they- were last year, which w81 cause the people to enter tjpon their " ztieivy makings" with a better heart. Christmas tide brings with it feelings that accompany, no other feast ing days. Many there are, who, in the midst of rejoicings ;that are going on, about them; will call toTemeniberance those who were with them on Christ mas day, bat have now departed to fairer realms. Tokuchwelend our sympathy,and with those who. have had no troubles of the. kind alluded to we rejoice, - and wish one and all A MERRY CHRISTMAS. IT is to be feared that, as was pointed out by the Commissioner of Crown Lands a few days ago, too many have launched but in farming in parts of the north where the land and climate are totally unfitted for the production of wheat. The result of this must be very serious? not only, to the selectors themselves, but to the colony generally. We have been borrowing money for the purpose of extending railways to accommodate these new areas, and have been counting upon the money due by the farmers as an asset. If, as is evident in many places, the selectors have to abandon their holdings, the colony will be so much to the bad, for, to use an old Scotch saying, " you canna tak' breeks aff a Hielanman if wheat will not grow the farmers cannot pay for the land. Some have tried manfully, hoping that the breaking up of the land would have the effect of changing the seasons more in their fayor, but their endeavours have been fruitless; and a large number who a few years ago were in comfortable circumstances now have unpleasantly to realise the fact that they are " without money and without credit." The following letter on the subject of farming in the north, written by Mr Fred Kuttler,of Winnowie, appearing in Thurs day's Register, illustrates very clearly the position of many of those unfortunate individuals. He says:-" A considerable I amount of correspondence has appeared in your columns of late on the aboye subject. That it is not a profitable undertaking at present cannot be disput- j ed. Goyder's ghost seems to hover about,' if we are to judge by the result of the last ; two seasons. I have had some experience I myself, and the result was as follows:-I took up a section of land in March, 1879, and put 14 acres in crop the same season, it averaged 2£ bushels; in 18801 had 55 acres, yielding 3. bushels 40 lbs ; and this year I had 96 acres, which grew about ten inches high and got blighted before it was out in ear. This dishearten ed me so that I sold my selection, at a low figure, of course, and it is my* in tent-ion-to-leave-the .colony and go to fresh fields and pastures new. This is the result of ] iberal lands laws, and the more the same are extended the more people will speculate, and the sooner the Government stop selling1 land outside Goyder's rainfall line the better. I have seen five seasons north of it, and every year, about August, the wheat was in a dying condition, and, if rain at such a time fails, the crops will fail. I was told that it would be so before I selected, but, like so many others, I "thought that rain follows the plough, and I paid dear for my folly. Some of your corres pondents say that cultivation destroys the- natural grass and herbage, and "Cockie"'says the contrary. Both are right and wrong at the same time, for I have noticed that the best grass will die out if th© soils gets turned over, while some kinds, chiefly barley-grass and & sort of native oat, will grow to such an .extent as to kill wheat. I am inclined to. think that this part of the country is not suited for agriculture, and if it is to retrograde and come back into squatters' hands again, then they W'ould better be left in possession now, at all events until it is proved- that wheat can be grown with profit. The land in this hundred, ha3 not been sold so high as Baroota or TeIowie7%ut it takes something far better than we have had so far to enable J selectors to pay for it. . This year's average will be less than two bushels." Now, what does this mean ? Simply, j that the Government, yes, and the farmers too, ha* e made a huge mistake, j Hi also reveals "the fact that our immense | tract of territory at present unreclaimed 1 ] is useless, for the purposes to which Jwe are turning it. It will not do, however, to " cry oyer spilt milk." /There is still abundance of land south of Goyder's rainfall for treble the number that are now engaged in agri culture ; but in making use of it one thing must be kept in mind, it will not do to pursue the extensive system of " scratching in" as much as possible, but farmers will be compelled to try the results of "a little farm well tilled." The railways that hare been extended will necessarily increase the value of the country, through which thfey pass, for grazing purposes, and aft£r all the general community may not suffer. Breaop Moobhoitse when opening the old Englishe Fayre, at Balaclava, in Victoria the other day, touched upon a subject that must joften present itself to thinking people-namely,- the absence ia our own day of that childish simplicity which characterised the children in years gone by. HisLordship, after referring to the pleasant memories of some of tbe country fairs, said, I wonder if there are anj very young people now-if among all our knowing and cultured young gentle men and ladies of nine there are any with such feelings as I remember to hare had at the age of nine,.' I wonder if thef*e are any of you who could look upppja row of brown calico booths, with their counters covered with nuta and gilt gingerbread, as a kind of fairy land, and if . among such surroundings you could be capable of the kind of solemn, wondering happi ness that I remember." In the hurry and bustle of life we are apt to treat lightly, the more innocent pastimes which would be interesting to our children; the consequence being, that, young aB they are, they must of necessity endeavour to bring themselves up to our standard, and the result we fear is any thing but favourable. Lord Brougham and others like him who have adorned society, in the past, did not consider it beneath their dignity to descend to the nursery, and in the company of their childreri, return once more to the games which delighted their hearts " in the days when they were young." Whilst this guards against the evil of inculcating ideas into the minds of children, which are above their reach, it also affords parents an opportunity of studying the tastes and inclinations* of their children,' and on tbe part of tbe! latter inspires a confidential love, afford ing the former a "power over the children that could be obtained in no other way. The majority of parents would dp well to reintroduce some of the grand old institu tions which haye been condemned, prin cipally on account of their simplicity, and to spend more time than they do at present in the company of their children. ' BOXING-DAY sports-The public of tbe Peninsula will be well provided for, so far as sports are concerned, on Monday next, Dec. 26\. The greatest difficulty will be to decide as to which of tbe numerous gatherings one shall attend. Wallaroo has kept out of tbe field, reserving its attractions for tbe 2nd of January, the day of tbe Yorke's Peninsula Annual Regatta. On Monday, then, at Moonts, the chief object of attraction doubtless will be the Moo^ta Bay .Regatta, which bids fair to be a sue-: cess. At this end of the district - the principal events will be the Annual: Catholic Picnic and the Amalgamated ;Friendly Societies' Picnip. The former take! place in Mr Nottle's paddoek, near about,; midway between Kadinasnd Wallaroo, and the latter will be held as usual on the Matta Flat. At tbe Catholic gathering a gre$$ deal of interest willfcacentredio the-Grand Handicap, for which seventeen have been nominated, and the Hack race; At tbe Societies- gathering there is also a good programme of sports, but the most interesting feature of the day will be the Cricket match which is to take place between the Kadina and Hindmarsh clubs. The whole affair winds up with a grand Concert in tbe evening. Besides tbe three events we have mentioned there will be numerous minor gatherings which will also secure their share of public patronage. Wow that the summer season is folly upon us, there is great danger of a recurrence of the destructive bush Sres which have done such damage in the past. There is especial danger in the newly selected hundreds, where persons are now busily engaged in clearing, not that there is a likelihood of the selectors themselves neglecting proper precautions, for the majority of them, will have the good sense to think what might be their own condition if all tbey are possessed of happened to be burned through the care lessness of someone who might thoughtlessly set fire to the scrob. There are others, how ever, whose only object is to get rid of the scrub-those who have contracts for clearing ^either roads or selections; these are the indi viduals that require looking-after. Already in the hundreds of Tickera arid Ninnfes there have .been very narrow escapes from bush fires lit by the class we have mentioned. In Clinton, too, a serious fire occurred on Nov. 27, which, started from the camp of some road clearers, who had neglected to clear away a sufficient space before pitching taeir camp. The offender, Acraoian, was fined £5 and costs, at the Kadina Court, on Wed nesday last, and it is to be hoped this will prove a warning to those who care so:little about misfortunes that may fall to the lot of others, so long as they get their own ends served. MEMBERS of the Rifle Volunteer Force (late 8\. A. 3£. Association) are with good reason objecting to the innovations that -are being introduced by those. in authority.1 "Although Colonel Downes was very, active itic the first I place in getting tbeTS. A. N. £.. Association | started, it has been too plainly evident since that he has left no " stone unturned" in his endeavours to bring the members under military rules, which'- would give him greater power over them. These riles were never hinted at in the first instance, nor would-they ever have been introduced had the Colonel not been fortunate enough in the first instance, in having majority of those on the Council who regarded it as an honor to pay that." lick spittle" homage, which appears to beso highly appreciated by some of our military authorities.- True, the number of drills necessary to constitute an .effective member have not yet been iq . creased, hut tbe thin end of tbe wedge is being .introduced in the matter. A jsapita tiou graat has been sanctioned, bu^ strange to: say, ^"effective members,'' according to the Bifle-Companies Acfc,jire notj ^ntitled to this grant, unless they have attended three times the number of-drills require^in^Be first instance to constttute effcctive Tneihhers. But, whiat is ...still more astonishing,Rafter having attended the number of drills required, they are not allowed to spend the money as they pleasjs, thpy joust devote it either to tbe purchase of uniform g op the ejection of butts, bdth of which they haye;$!rgady paid'for out of their own pockets, tor, -in" the purchase of camp equipage,'as if such a thing was, required by the companies. The provision £s a gross injustice to oountry companies, and seems little less than a means adopted for snn$ng jt^em jQ^fc. Wp would ask, is it reasonable to expect that men in the 1 country, many of whom have to ride several < miles to the head quarters of their company, . can attend thirty drills a year. In the first instance it was clearly set forth ' that the members of Rifle Companies wonld 1 only be expected to learn such drill as would ' render them useful in the field with other : men, skirmishing being the most important; but what has been the practice ? Why, less attention has been paid to skirmishing than anything else, simply because the men have been called upon to 'learn other movements, which, unfortnnately the majority of officers (not excepting many who pride themselves upon their proficiency) are unable to teach. The consequence - is that the men know a " little" about everything, but are utterly unable to perform properly the most simple movement. The Inspecting Officer has at times called attention to the unsteadi ness manifested by the companies in skirmish ing, but, at the same time, instead of con demning the plan of attempting movements which were never expected of the Rifle Com panies, to the neglect of the necessary ones, it has been taken for granted that battalion and other drill was to be observed, and the result is that the members have been allowing themselves to be drawn into the uncomfort able and unsatisfactory position which they now occupy. We may expect shortly to hear that, although the expense of the movement has been borne by 1 the members, Colonel Downes will take the extreme step he did with the Kapunda Volunteers, and strike a number of those off the roll who have not appeared in Adelaide on a certain day. Such "measures as are being adopted with the Volunteer Rifle Force, are just those necessary to crush what would otherwise have proved a useful and in expensive Forie. Mr Weidenhofer holds a sale at the Wallaroo I Ian, this (Saturday) afternoon. I The Anniversary services of the Primitive Me t bod is t Sunday School will be held to-morrow (Sunday) in the Institute Hall A special bus leaveB Kadiaa for Wallaroo on Monday night immediately after the Friendly Societies' entertainment. A fearful fire is at present raging on the the opposite side of Spencer's Gulf, between Point Lowly and the Franklin Harbor district. The remains ot the burnt leaves were falling in Kadiria and Wallaroo on Friday. We would direct attention to the Christmas Tree, in the Institute Hall, this evening, in aid of the funds of the Wallaroo Cricket Club. Several other novelties will be introduced, and their will be carol singing, as well as selections of music by the combined String and Brass Bands. The Service of Song, " The Child Jesus," was repeated in St. Mary's Church on Friday evening. The attendance was fair, and the service was thoroughly appreciated. Mrs Gosse presided at the organ, and the Eev. C. Goodenongh Taplin supplied the connective readings in a most pleasing manner. A successful trial was made on Wednesday morning last, at Redhill, of Mr A. A. Robertson's new patent concave threshing-plate, which is fixed, to has whiahjeaji-. be raised or lowered at will by means of screws to suit the weather or crop. The trial began at 8 o'clock -in Mr Dayid Lithgow's paddock with dew still on the plant, and the result was declar ed to be most satisfactory, exceeding the inventor's anticipations. ThiB invention will, it is said, enable the farmers to start to reap at least two hours easier than with the ordinary machine, and also work later in the evening, making a difference of say twelve hours a week at least. Messrs Rowland, Miller and Nicholas, sen., acted as judges tinder invitation of the North-Western Agricultu ral Society.,. - It will no doubt be remembered by some of our readers a memorial was forwarded by the Kadina Council to the Government some time ago, praying that mineral section 322 should be added to the park lands, and that a favourable reply had been received. On further enquiry it was found the Council had been forestalled by some specu lators, who no doubt hearing of the Council'* intention had taken up the section for them selves- The Council feeling themselves done in this way waited patiently to see what the lessee* were going to do with it, but finding the Act was. not complied with, and that the section was merely held for speculative purposes, again applied for "it, and we are~gtad to say with success, as may be seen by "the letter from the Hon. the Commissioner in 'the Report of the proceedings of the Xadina Council, appearing in our last issue. v ' . We have been shown a very handsome silver cup that has been presented by Mr John Bath, to'the Regatta Committee, to "be pulled for on January "2, at the Yorke's Peninsula Annual Regatta. We are pleased to find that at a meeting of the Committee held last night some important improvements were effected in the prize list. It was decided to increase] the prize for the first class sailing race to £12 12b, and to offer a second prize of £3 3s; also that the sweep ]n the champion four -oared race be given to the second boat in the eyent of three entering. A separate! race was .arranged (pair of sculls) for Me Bath's cup, and it will be the tenth on the pro gramme. The stewards appointed were Messrs Warming ton, Davies, Bews, Gosee and the Trea surer and Secretary. Messrs Cli^tfield, Carson and H. H. Ward were appointed handicappers,. The corrected programme- will appear in our next issue. Friday, 30th December* is the night to receive entries. . v It happened at a Peninsula hostelrv, where "horses and traps are let on hire." A young man "engaged in business pursuits in the town," was anxious to give a fair companion the uncommon treat of a 'drive to the coast. He hastened to the place indicated, arranged all peliminaries, and at the time a 1 appointed seated himself by the side of his fair inamorata in one of the said traps, to which was attached a nag. that on starting manifested a strong desire to "_go" jon one leg, having lost all confidence in 1 the capBbiiities of tbe other .three. Oar. young 1 friend sat pensively with a rein in each hand, and the whip stowed away; but after getting into the middle of the road the quadruped refused to go ' any farther; he held up hie head in the orthodox ! fashion, put bis ears back, and sat down in the ' britpbing, and it was plain fcq be spen he had Iqgt 5 faith in even his best leg. - Qn occasions of this ' kind it is natural for persons out of employment ' to become interested and" move round." This ^ fact did not add to the comfort of ti}p * occupants of the veil ids. The young man cast back a look of pity mingled with fear towards Boniface, who with a patriarchal countenance to which a pair of glittering spectacles lent additional radiance, cried out, " Itsa' richt, wait till he warms up a wee." But he hasn't warmed jet. We observe the new landlord of the Exchange Hotel, Kadina, has tastefully decorated the front. Mr Quinton also advertises special arrangements for Boxing-day. We (Register) learn that a telegram has been received by the Chairman of the Moonta Min ing Company, intimating that a powerful syndicate formed in London is prepared to enter into negotiations for the purchase of the Moonta Mines. The directors of the Company hare as yet arrived at no decision as to the conrse to be recommended to the shareholders, but no doubt further communications will take place upon the subject. Miss O'Sullivan, who has for a Jong time filled with credit the position of Head Mistress at the Wallaroo Public School, is about to leave the town; and on Wednesday evening the girls of the fourth and fifth classes made her a presen tation, as a token of their regard. The presen tation took plage just before the entertainment, described in another place, commenced. The Mayor, Mr Bews, said the children had honored him with the task of conveying the present to Miss O'Sullivan,'..which -he did with a great deal of pleasure. He was sure her departure would be deeply regretted by the children; but what was their loss he hoped would be a gain to others. The articles (crystal jug, goblet, and fruit platters) might not be of great value; but there was one advantage about it, he knew that the idea originated with the children themselves, and, what was very commendable in them, and it also reflected credit on Miss O'Sullivan as their teacher, they had the good sense to select such things as would be useful in the future. The Mayor added that apart from the school, Miss O'Sullivan had been a most useful member of society whilst in Wallaroo, and he felt sure her absence would be a general lots. Adopting the example set by her scholars, a few friends had that evening decided to embrace the opportunityof presenting her with a small memen to of their esteem and appreciation. On behalf of these friends he asked her acceptance of a hand some clock. They all joined in the wish that her : future career might be a happy and useful one, and that she might experience a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Tear. Mr Maughan re sponded on behalf of Miss O'Sullivan, and at the same time paid her averyhigh tributeon accountof her abilities as a teacher, and also for her general usefulness in connection with all laudable under takings. , i Judging from the following paragraph, the I people of Mount Gambier ought by this time to j understand the force of the old saying," you must go from home to hear news"-The " Australische Zeitung" of December 6 has the following, under ^ho^tar£ling,heading J'EnguJfmfnfr nf Jtfonnt .> Gambier":-" Our friends, and the inhabitants ! of Mount Gtambier and district generally, will be surprised to hear that they hav» been threatened with universal engulfment, and in consequence have taken flight to Mount Sc'ianck. We have, therefore, thought it necessary to give them im mediate information of the fact. The Daily Re view, a journal published in Berlin, edited by T. Bodenstedt, contains in its issue of October 11 last the following startling intelligence:-' The latest Australian papers report that the town of G-ambier, situated in the most south-easternly portion of the continent of Australia, and named Gambier after a. mountain of volcanic origin, is threatened with'complete engulfment in the earth. During one night many streets Bank to the depth of 30 feet, but fortunately no loss of life is report ed. The catastrophe, which has been expected for some t;me past, was preceded by a subter ranean rolling. Several days before this occur rence the water in the wells suddenly disappear ed. The principal wealthy inhabitants have fled to the neighboring Schanck mountains, and have there affected a settlement. The districts of Gam bier and Schanck are, on account of their great productiveness and extremely beautiful situation, amongst the most densely populated of the con tinent.* " The " Australische Zeitung" thus comments on the above :-" We desire to con gratulate Mount Gambier and our friends that the old proverb, ' Thsse wlyj are reported dead generally live the longest,' has again proved itself true. To our friend Bodenstedt, in Berlin, we Bend greeting, and have jfluch pleasure in giving him a kind invitation to Mount Gambier in order that he may satisfy himaelf that beautiful town still remains in its old position. And even if the wells should run dry he will find there a plenteous supply of excellent beer and wine to cheer him and he inn join with the genial inhabitants of that interesting district in a refreshing glass in celebration of their resurrection from the earth!" An interesting and useful entertainment was given in the Model School, Wallaroo, on Wed nesday'evening, the proceeds of which are to go towards the Library Fund. At present there is a Magic Lantern the joint property of the Wal laroo and Moonta Mines Schools, by the aid of which excellent entertainments are got up The subject chosen on Wednesday was Africa, and especially the travels of Dr Livingstone. The lecture was delivered by Mr Torr of the Moonta, Mines sohool, Mr Maughan managing the lantern. Some excellent sketches of African life were given ; the most touching parts, however, were the'meet ing of Stanley and Livingstone, and the closing event in the life of the great missiodary aqd ex plorer, whose remains now res( amongst the illustrations dead in Westminster. At intervals Mr M. Maughan , exhibi ted some comic pictures which caused great merriment amongst the young folks. At tha conclusion, Mr Jas. Malcolm, Chairman of the local Board of Advice, distributed certificates to those children that had distinguished themselves at the late examination, Tbe names are as fol lows :-Fifth Class-girls, Clara Odgers ; boys, F. Davies aud F. Cropley. Fourth Class-girls, , Jane Price and Effie Taylor ; boys, D. Thomas, ; and G. Carr. Second Class-girls, Maud Beatton, , Eva Walkley, and E. Robinson boys, D. Hardy and J Odgers First class-girls, Elsie Bath, Janet Heath, Maud Walsh, Annie Maddern, and ' Mary Phillips; boys, A. Robinson, Frank Kissal Robert Price, and John Baker: Cheers were then given for Mr and Mrs Maughan Miss O'Sullivan; Mr Malcolm and others. During the evening the different classes sang some pieces very creditably. The proceedings closed with the National Anthem. - The " Advertiser's" Melbourne correspondent pays a high tribnte to the new Mayor,-" Mr Cornelius Job Sam, the ner Mayor of Mel bourne, is a man who is likely to deserve success in his new office, whether he -achieve it or. not. His name is significant of the character of his descent* His father was a Baptist minister, and he, in connection with hie brother, has been well and favourably knows m the colony during the last quarter oi a ceutury' as an upright and successful auctioneer and land agent. The civic eminence to which he has «ome has been arrived at through no tortuous courses, but by a WBy recognisably straight and honorable. I am not sure it is at all certain that he trill follow the footsteps of his predecessors in the precise 'social customs of the mayoralty, bat I am quite sure he will do what he believes to be right, and the times are never so affluent of snrplus virtue that, su«*h a man has nothis value. He is able, active upright, »nd conscientious and will^no doubt do honor in his own way to the post to which ne has been called." A London telegram on Thursday announces that particulars have been received with regard to the . fate of the American Arctic exploration yacht Jeannette which was .yesterday reported all safe. The vessel,' after passing through Bering's Strait proceeded westward along the northern coast of Siberia for several months in safety, bat was finally caught between ice-floes in June last and completely crushed. The crew made their way towards the mainland, and it ' is known that some of them succeeded in reaching the desolate region near the mouth of the Biver Lena. Some, however, have met their deaths in various ways, and the survivors are now living in the greatest misery and starvation not far from the place where they first reached the land. The nearest inhabited place to the region in 'which they now are it the Russian town Yakutsk, lying on the Biver Lena, about l'OOO miles from its mouth. The people of thiB town are sending assistance to the survivors. Brotherly lore does not appear to be practiced to any alarming extent by Messrs H. E. Downer and W. V. Smith. Thursday's Advertiser has the following :-Another slight pasBage-of-anne occurred between two well-known counsel in the Local Court on .Wednesdayiduringthe hearing of the case of Warren v. Bobertson, for £50 dam ages for breach of agreement. Mr H. E. Downer, who appeared for the defendant, sneeringly refer* ring to some remarks made by Mr Smith who appeared for the plaintiff, said his opinions in re gard to women were worthy of that gentlemen. Mr Smith thereupon rose excitedly and said that these remarks came with very bid grace from Mr Downer, " whose operations with women wera well -known." The special magistrate (Mr Stu*rt) said he could not allow, the court-to be * ? vehicle- of slander; He did not think that Mr Smith had treated the court respectfully, and in deed he had been greatly troubled by the differ ences between the counsel. He expressed the opinion that the court ought not to be troubled by Buch quarrels, although he did not think that Mr Smith had been altogether to blame in the matter. Mr Smith said he had received great provocation, and remarked that Mr Downer was apparently under the impression that he had the same powers as counsel which he enjoyed when he wasmagistrate of that court. Mr Stuart ob served such a complaint had only proceeded from Mr Smith. The fancy goods warehouses of Kadioa have all been making speoial efforts to cater to the public taste, in their display of Christmas and New Year's gifts. Mr F. Potter offers a variety of wares seldom equalled in Kadina. On the opposite side of Graves Street, Mr T. B. Bawden comes out in the same line, and has an attraction in the shape of a Christmas Tree. Further down, Mr Glasson's Music and Fancy Shop is gaily lit up, nick naeks of all lands are offered. Mr H. Anson, as is his wont, has a number of attractive novelties in his window in honor of Christmas tide. Zany, whose eyes do roll and tongue doth wag, to the wonderment and infinite delight of the juveniles, may be seen. Father Christmas is there also with his enowy beard and ermine cloak, looking venerable enough, but yet apparently satisfied with. hi* years. An Ogre, too, is there preparing to devour a baby. These and numerous other things go to. make the present Christmas Ere taote th*n, usually attractive in ITnrlin^ Near Menindie, on the Darling, one ot the ! gentler sex is to be found who has had tha mis-, fortune to lose her better-half, fortius time being on three different occasion. Travellers say that ? ' she is by no means the most amiable of women and this may accour^for the heavy rate of awl tality among tho^unfortunates who venture to woo and win tiie widow, the roadsideshanty, and the bit'of. other property, It is remarkable that each husband shuffled off the mortal eon in a. different way-the after a long illness ; the next succumbed Iran* ! : the eflfeots of exposure in thebush, where b» had J wandered aftei a drinking bout ; and the third I sent his ghost to that bourne from whence no traveller returns by suspending himself by a ropa to the branch .of a gnm txee In the neighbour- j hood of the hush shanty. The deed was done ia the darkness of then&ht;, and am^the xois» and confusion off a general carouse the fcndlordi was sot missed until-the morning, when one © thejmore sober guests discovera* hiai hanging where the beef or mutton ueeded for tha table of the taverp at dfcheMitoea was lmng. The.hmd Iady was duly informed ofthe matter, and quiet ly had a Bheefc plaeed around thB remaina of the departed (o* suspended}, and-left; them swaying , to and fro until the arrival of the trooper wha j was sient for, a,tid UA eriro some distance. ! In the meanwhile; two.pftjfarers arrived at: ih» j pbe^ aud, hgd their stook .of tea, sugar* end I flour replei^ed liy &e; ho^fem, wio. isfcrmed J one «f them, in answer' to hisinquiiy whether I a^ehad any^i^.'iJuiphe was just out of that f article. Motieinp j . iog; the VisitornaturtHy sheep I just slaughtered,, and directed her ladyship'. ! had: j hupg himselfweighed hevlf-atone of sugar.-^ 