Victorian stage iden tities. The toss-up of n. halfpenny dotormined Mr. Coppin's first visit to. Australia. His young wife, a brilliant actress, was n nntivo of Now York, whoro sho had gained hor 'reputa tion, and wns earnestly desirous of returning to hor nntivo land. Thoy woro in England at' this time, and Mr Coppin proposod that <1 halfpenny should bo tossed to decido. "Man, 'Australia; woman, America." " Man, it is, and Aus? tralia !" said thc.comcdian, as tho .toBS do; cidcd itself in his favor. And somo say thoro is a divinity which nhapos our ends, ovon in a toss. Mr Coppin's recently issued manifesto of his career has boen read with suoti avidity, that we nood only fill up tho interstices, which this . autobiographic outline afforded. ; What heartiness thoro used to bo in the old times 1' Recollections crowd upon us,; and drive, tlio pen. For instance, hero is Carry Nolson back , in Molbourno,nnd — good lord!— could anybody. ) who ovor know her astonishing father, Sam : Nelson, forgot that ;raro" old mqlqdioua crab stick ?' t . ... : f ' Among Mr Coppin's 'early professional as sociates in Melbourne were Kiugy Nesliitt, 'Rogers, Young, Hydos, Mrs Camuron, and Mrs.Arins. ' , \t ' .. Morton King was the, groat tragedian, but ho resigned the 1 sock and buskin for. auctioneer's hammer, which ';ho wielded lis a embor of the firm of Gibbon and King, ,-ini Bourko street, , and ' reaUsodr<\- a small fortune, onabling -him to' spend the balance of his days in' "comfort, :an'd to occupy a scat in 'tlio Legislative 'As sembly for many years. Thoro was onco a droll perforiiianco givon at tho Theatre Royal by members of the Legislature, tho play selncto'd boing Shakspearo's Merchant of .Venice, with Mr Coppin, M.L.C.; as Launco- lob Gobbo, Mr King, M;L.A., as Shylock, Mr Carpcntor, M:L.A., as Old Cobbo; and Messrs "VVilkic, Lucko, and Howard, gMs.L. A. figured among the rest. Tom Carponfcor ijamo on> with a squeak, which- was immediately nnd ludicrously changed to a' roar oh tlio .audience shouting for"Socrato8" to speak up, . ' . Mr Coppin w'ns tho first to introduco"Ja carpet on tho Melbourno stngo. Tliis he did at tho Queen's on tho occasion of his playing Sir Pctor Tciizlo, a character in which, his racmess was equal to that of Rogers and Lam- ' bert, although lie yielded tbo palm to thorn, in old men, for finish. The veteran, Mr Richard Capper, who is still hearty, as much more than an octogenarian, can supplement Mr. Coppin's momories of this period with multifarious details, which cause it to bo a rich treat to talk with him. He was stage carpenter at Drury Lane Theatre sixty years ago, in the time of Ed- mund Kean and Lord Byron, with both of whom he was well acquainted; and actors like Elliston. Bannister, Munden, Liston, Farren, and Dowton were quite familiar to him. Capper had reached middle- life when he became mechanist and actor at tho old Queen's, so that, his earliest recollections seem to be quite antediluvian. He acted a morsel of Shylock at the Royal for the Old Colonists' Benefit when he was eighty-years old. The old gentleman has written about a score of five-act tragedies. Another ancient idontifcy is Mrs Avins, ,atill living in Molbourno; and the writor' had to mako an abject apology onco for having dismissed. hor to tbo land of ghosts. Wonderful Mrs Avins was a flourishing actress bnithe Melbourno stage noarly forty years ago. , Mrs Cameron was her rival, and we remember , an nccidont once ' which spread consternation in tho old Queen's, Mrs Camoronhaving wounded an actor on tho Btngo with tho wadding of a pistol. Nesbitt and 'susarauofr were very good Australian tragedians, the former being talented. Old " Johnny "-Hydes is still pxtnnt in , Now Zealand,, but not tho spruce young fellow ho was whon ho gave tho Thespian Cup to > bo run for at Molbourn racos, uuu oiiuirau uut uivu iuu«r, xiiusi/ta, for it. Charibs Young is doad. Ilis Avifo sur- vivesas Mrs Hermann Vozin, one. otfcho best, known English, actresses. Sho married Ymin at tho oarly age of fifteen boing then a ails' Thomson; and we recall hor mothor, Mrs .Thomson, as the Mrs Wooldridgo'of old time. Mrs Vezin's sister, Mrs Oharlos Jones, died lately in Sydney, and was a well-known actress. Tho popular Molbourno stock actors of old included L. J. Softou, F. Webster, Gordon, and old Leslie. The Olyiipio Theatre was rather "smaller than the oxiBting Princess's, having only one tier of boxos, the dros9 circle ; tho front panols emblazoned with oil paintings of Brooke, in Othello, Richcliou, Virginius, Richard III, Shylock, and oter parts. Tho " Iron Pot " was built at Manchester, and shipped to Mol ' bourne in fragments, . like ' Bishop Perry's ""iron gchurohos, ono of which , figures at Sandridgo, and anothor was at Williamstown till recently. The decorations wore not ornato, and we remember the corrugated arch of tho roof insido>; dottod .with stars, "frofcfcod with goldou fire." The Olympio roplaced. Rowe's Circus,' at the comer of "Lonsdale and Stephen stroets. Poor Rowo.! Aftor piving thousands- of ' pounds- .to- Molbourno charities ho sank to becom'o a humble em ploye of Chiarini's 'oircus/ . ' The Royal people sot up Honry Noil War- nor as a rival to Brobk; and tiioy' 'especially competod in the Oorsicau Brothers, then a-., burning nqvolty. , Ampug our treasures is .'A Satin. Bitifi. of ' the oponing- night of the Royal, in 1855, ; almost tho only very conspicuous ovonfc in Victorian dramatic history with which Mr Coppin .DUUII MBUUkUHUU. VUVUUOL viuoiiaiiou buukj; ut paper is a green bill of tho Olympic, Tor tho Serious Family, . the cast including Brooke, Coppin, Mr and Mrs Hoir, and Miss Glyndon. A prime favorito was the Honeymoon, with Brooko as Duke Aranza, and' Coppin as Jacques, - -At the Olympio Coppin brought ' out Harry Jackson, the original Moss Jewoll last yoar in tho World, at Drury# Lane, Lon don. Coppin had a share, too, in developing, tho powers of our Molbourne favorite, Mrs 'Lewis, whon, in buoyant girlhood, she dolightcd tho audicnccs at tho old Bautheon,' Oromorno, as Rose Edouih, . . .Ono of Mr Coppin's ' pot 1 anecdotos h about the larrikins of old timo pelting . him with coppers as he was noting in Cupid,- at the Olympic, this boing in emulation of .the gold- diggers shying nuggets at thoir favourites, as actually oxporiencod by Mr3 Chas. Young on tho stage of the Quoon's Theatre, .Mol bourne, The ponco were moant in fun, but were so disagrooablo that Mr Coppin- had to prosocuto tho offendors. (To bo continued,) 