ST. FEANCIS XAVIER'S CATHE- DRAL. INSTALLATION OF DB. GUNSON. The impressive ceremony of installing a Knight of Sc. Gregory the Great was performed on Sunday afternoon at St. Francis Savior's Cathedral, when Dr. John Michael Gnnson, »n old resident' of the colony aBd a prominent member of _ the Roman Catholic Church, was invested with the order. There was a large t congregation present, and the Austrian Band gave their services on the occasion. The' front seats in the nave of the Cathedral were reserved for members of tbe Hibernian Order, and special accommodation was provided for Dr. Gunson and Ms attendants. The. ceremony was performed by the Binhop, who was assisted by the Vicar-General,' the' Revs. Coonan ana Roper, and" the principal clergy of the diocese. Dr. Gunson "was attended by Mr. M. EL Davis as esquire, and bis two sons (Messrs. J. and W. GiiDson) sis pages. After religious exercises r tbe ceremony began by the Bev. Father Roper reading the Pope's warrant for the installation of the candidate, after which His Lordship tbe Bishop blessed the sword, and sprinkledgit with holy water. Bestowing it upon Dr. Gunson, he said—"Reoeive this sword in tbe name of the Father, Son, and Holy. Ghost, and use it in thine own defence, and in the defence of the Catholic Church, to the confusion of the enemies of the Cross of Christ, and to the enemies of the Christian faith; and, so far as human frailty will permit, unjurtly injure no man with it." Proceeding with the form of iistallatioii, the Bishop used this prayer:— " Holy Lord, Omnipotent Father, Eternal God, who alene ordainest and rightly disposeth all things; who, to restrain the malioe of the wicked and to preserve justice, by Thy salutary dispensation hast permitted to men on earth the use of the sword, and who hast designed to institute the knightly order for the people's protection ; and who, by the voice of St. John, cidst say to the soldiers who came to him ia the desert that they oppress no one, but remain content with their just dues, we humbly beseeoh Thy clemency, O Lord, that as Tbou gavest to Thy servant David victory over Goliath, that as Thoo hast caused Judas Maocabasus to triumph over the ferocity of nations not invoking Thy name, in like manner to this Thy servant, who now snbmita himself to tbe rule of this knightly order, grant, by Thy heavenly mercy, strength and courage in the defence of faith and justice. Give unto him an increase .of faith, of hope, and of charity. Give onto him also fear and love, hnmiiity, perseverance, obedience and enduring patience, and rijghtly dispose all things in him to the end that with this sword, or with any other, be may unjustly injure no one; and that with it he may defend all that is just and right; and as he is from a lower order to tbe bigber dignity of knighthood promoted, thus putting off the old man with all his actions, he may put on the new, that he may fear and rightly worship Thee; that he may avoid intercourse with the wicked, that be may extend charity to his nighbours; that he may rightly obey his superior, and faithfully in all things fulfil his duty. Through Christ our Lord. Amen." The address usually delivered on such occasions was given by the Very Rev. Price Butler, O.S.S., who took for his text the following words:— " Estb Miles paeifieus, strenuus, Jidelu, et Deo devotus."—*'It may appear strange to behold here to-day the hand.consecratedfar peace offerings and blessings bestowing on the distinguished gentleman whom we have met to "honour, the symbol of his knightly dignity. Whence does the Catholic Church derive her right .to confer Buch honours, and above all what hss she to do with the sword? Is not her r mission bnt to preach and keep entirely within ' the sanctuary ? These may be the thoughts of many regarding the ceremony we are witnessing to-day within the walls of .this sacred edifice.; A complete answer to such, as well as a vindication of her action, will be fonud in the consideration of—1. What was the mighty work which the Church bad to accomplish in the world'? 2\. How she acquitted herself of the task. It is :not necessary, nor is it my intention, to enter into a critical examination of the right of the . Popes or of the Church to confer honours andto ' inflict punishments. It will be sufficient should it be shown tbat there has existed no other power that has done so much for civilization, art, law, science, learning, and all that constitutes the greatest good of society; and that from, inherent right, from 'the prescription of ages, from the admission of all civilized countries, she has :the best claim to single out those of her children who have been distinguished above their fellows, and place on tbeir brows the laurel of victory or gird them with the sword of honour. What, then, was' this great work which the Chnrch had to accomplish? We speak not here of her divine mifsion to preach and administer the .sacraments, but of that mission to civilise,, elevate, and refine men; to teach them porrect principles of right; to give laws and constitution? ; to encourage learning and patronise art; to shield the defenceless; to help the weak ; to withstand the tyrant and oppressor ; to be the bulwark of Christendom and the saviour of humanity. The great Roman Empire bad reached the summit of its power when Christianity entered on her glorious career. From tbe Tigris to the Pillars of Hercules, and from tbe burning sands of Numidia to the frozen, forests along the Baltio, the imperial sway of the mighty empire was acknowledged. But in the very meridian of its greatness there were not wanting signs of its decay. Fierce hordes, too, were gathering on its frontiers who, in successive waves of invasion, swept over the fairest regions of Europe and engulfed in a crimson tide pagan art and civilization. Vandals, Goths, Franks, Allmahni, Huns, Burg (Indians, Lombards, Slavi, Normans, Bulgarians, again and again rushed onwards in countless numbers; towns and cities were given to the flames; the.miserable inhabitants were swept into captivity or slaughtered in defending their, homes. The outlying parts of the empire fintexperienoed the rude shook. England in 449 was invaded by the Saxons, and in a century barbarism ruled there from Kent to Caledonia; Spain in 466 fell under the power of the Visigoths, Gaul in 481 under the Franks, and Italy in 493 under the Ostergoths. From the fifth to the ninth centoiy Europe became a prey to all the evils of famine, pestilence, barbarism,"bloodshed, ignorance, and crime. There" was bkt one small spot where learning sat secure and religion held, peaceful sway; away in the green island of the west - the island of saints, , of poetry, and of song. Who was to bring order out of this wild chaos, light from out the'gloom of such darkness? Who could tame the wild passions of Vandal and Hun, and turn the savage watsong of the Vikings into hyms of peace ? There was but one power tbat had the will and the means to effect snch a change, and that power was the Catholic Church- Tbe Holy Pontiffs who sat in tbe chair of St. Peter were the men who' civilized these terrible savages. Not alone did her Leo face Attila, the sconrge of God, and obtain peace and favour for the people, bnt the Popes sent forth their missionaries to evangelize these warriors, before whom the Roman legions were scattered like chaff, and the Empire weafr down amidst carnage and fire. About the ninth century a new Christian'. empire .begins, ta emerge from tbe scattered and discordant elements which lay around. Cbarlemfcgne is crowned Emperor by Pope Leo IH. in 800, and modem Europe begins its career. Tbe law of tbe Chnrch is taken as the basis of the law in every country in Europe From the ninth to the fourteenth century .the Catholic Church was tbe great power in Europe, and what of good did she not accomplish? Learning was restored} thenjwere established the Universities of Europe, Asis, Rome, Bologna, Paris, Oxford, Cambridge, Salamanca, and by express command of tbe Popes. Then were tbose cathedral schools endowed and founded, which have survived even to this day. Ignoranoe and prejudice may attempt to call these ages dark; but measure them by tbeir works, and see if ignoranoe and superstition mark these. Were the .barons at Bunnymede led on by a Pope's legate ignorant of the grand principles of liberty and lsw? Were those ages dark which have given to Europe imperishable monuments of highest art ? Stand before one of those grand cathedrals of this period, examine its miiratest details, the harmony of all its parts; its ponderous yet graceful towers; its soaring spires; its buttresses hung in mid-air. Enter through that majestjc porch ; look along those pillared walls; see that grand and fretted roof; those mullioned windows which stain in a thousand tints the tesselated pavement. Behold th%t altar, with its varied marbles; its exquisite and delicate workmanship. Hear that burst of glorious melody, and thg swelling tones of the organ, and then tell me if the minds whioh designed and the hands that executed these were the slaves of ignorance and superstition. In tbe ninth century the feudal s$ stem took its rise. With all its faults, it has done much for humanity and religion; it bound all tbe members of a State together in a community of interest and protection. The poor man served, and in torn was defended by his lord, who himself was bound to the King, while over all was the Common Father of Christendom, whose authority was acknowledged, and whose decrees were obeyed in every land. War and plunder had been the only trade of the fierce nations which had settled in Central and Southern Europe. But the Catholic Church taught the warrior to draw his sword only in defence of the widow and the orphan—to shield the weak and defend tbe right, as is said in the prayers with which she blesses her knightly sons. Chivalry then was the consecration of all that was brave^ and holy in war. It was the Church tbat inspired tbe lofty principles of justice and humanity, which gave to the grim profession of arms its poetry and romance. Esto paeifieus —be gentle as a lamb—was the exhortation of the Church— take for your model tbat gentlest of mortals, the Mother of God. Let her pitying and loving looks ever be present before yon. Do not close your ear to the ciy of distress. Honour woman because Mary yonr Queen is the mother of the Redeemer. The worship of the Blessed Virgin hit dose more to soften the l stern manners of men, to elevate and refine their feelings, to teach them to do great and nobis things than any other form of devotion, and this Is testified to even by the enemies of the Church. Be strenuous (strenvus) says the Church. At the call of duty, when justice has to be upheld and its violators punished; when the cry of the orphan and widowis raised; when the oppressor al God's poor or his Church is to be withstood; then rush forth strong In right. Heed not the opposing forces, bat with thy trusty blade strike for right, for liberty, sod for God. Be faithful OZtfu) to all. Let thy word be sacred as thy cause ii holy. Faithful to her to whom you have pUghted your knightly TOW; faithful to your mend ; faithful to your King, whether on the tented field on in the council hall. Et Dn devotp*—devoted to God. Ton are not a mercenary to sell your sword to the highest bidder. You are God's servant. Let your virtues shine forth then, and be the Christian knight sou petir et tans reprocht. "See the bright examples of Christian chivalry in the Cid of Spain and Bayard of France— men the very flower of heroic virtue. See, too, the benign influence of the Churoh .in the institution of the Trace of God. She could not entirely prevent bloodshed, bat she lessened its evils, aod gave a breathing time far peace and calm reflection. From Wednesday to Monday morning during Lent and Advent, and for two weeks after Christmas and Baster ft was not lawful to avenge any injury, and the heaviest censures of the Church fell on the man that dared to violate this Truce of God. Snoh was the great Christian Republic mainly created and fostered by the Catholic Church. She had rescued it bom the riortrtuHmof barbarism, held aloft the lamp of learning, mitigated the horrors of war, and fostered the gentle arts of agriculture and peace when the very existence of Europe was again endangered, and the black cloud of ignorance and fanaticism rose threateningly above its horizon. In the seventh century, 622, Mahomet, the camel driver of Mecca, proclaimed his mission of bloodshed and licentiousness, dubbed himself a Prophet, and unfurled the standard of ignorance and rapine. The teeming hordes of the desert, the wandering tnbes of Tartary, and the swarthy children of the sun came rolling like lava over the Ssstern Umpire. Ia tea years Syria, Mesopotamia, Persia, Egypt, and Lybis were rent from the empire of Constantinople, acknowledged the impostor, and worshipped at Mecca. A. century did not elapse till the whole north of Africa was added to the Caliphate, and bis standard even waved in triumph over the walls of Granada. There was a time when Asia Minor and Alexandria were the homes of learning and the granary of Europe. What have they become under the blighting influence of Mohammedan rale? Ignorance supreme, squalor, poverty, rapine, lust, and fanaticism —are not these the corses which lie so heavy on the ricLest and loveliest land which the son shines upon? Where now are those highly cultivated minds that stored np Hie learning of antiquity In the library of Alexandria ? Gone like the precious manuscripts themselves, to feed the flames kindled by brutal ignorance. This was the dread danger that menaced Burope now that she was rescued from bar- . barism, and was putting forth her energies of mind and hand under the wise and fostering care of the Popes of Home. They It was who, seeing the gathering storm, sounded forth the alarm. Urban II. summoned the Powers ot Europe. He pointed out the danger, he described the sufferings of their fellow Christians under the Monammedan yoke, and in language of homing eloquence asked them to drive back the foe, rescue the holy places from their desecrating grasp, free their enslaved brethren, and fight for right and freedom and for God. At that voice ten thousand swords leap from their scabbards, and seventy times ten thousand go forth against the foe—the Cross on their shoulder and "God wills if as their battlecry. , For two centuries did Europe send ttrth its chivalry to contend against the fiery valour of Saracen and Moor. Then were performed feats of arms and heroic virtues which shall lire - for ever enshrined in story. Godfrey de Bouillon, Tancred, Robert of England, St ZAUIS of France, are Knights tatts veitr et santrefroche, who, gentle in peace, were lions'in the Add—whose good swords were ever used to punish injustice, strike down tyranny, guard the wehk, terrify the infidel, and right'the oppressed. The Crusades saved Europe from bubarism, they gave an impetas to commerce, they taught navigation and geography, they prepared the way for' discovery, they brought home many relics of ancient letters, they strengthened the brotherhood of nations by mingling men of different countries in the same enterprise, they afforded a vent for the pent-up valour of Europe, and thus relieved it of a disturbing element, and they gave to the world those military orders which were the embodiment of the spirit of the age and the genius of Christianity. In the year 1048 some Neapolitan merchants founded at Jerusalem a hospice for the reception of pQgrims, and this they placed under the care of some reli^UiuB men who bound themselves by vow to attend to the sick and defend the pilgrims to the holy places. The saintly Bishop of Pay drew up a role for their guidance. Thus the Knights of St. John of Jerusalem, or the "Hospitellars," »s they were called, were the mailed warriors of Holy Church. So, too, were the Knights Templars, Knights Teutonic,' and those other religious and military orders of the day. It was the Church which blessed their swords and placed the pennon in their mail-clad bands, and With wordB of beuson, which we hear to-day. said, " E>to Miles pacijiau, itrenmis, jidelti et Deo devotus" Let the enemies of God alone feel the keen edge of that sword which ia ever to defend the right. Let your virtue be aa unsullied as the white mantle that covers you. Be faithful to duty and devoted to God. And true those noble knights were to the vows they had taken. In reading their history the mind seems to revel rather in the creations of fancy than in the records of hnmah achieve* meets. Take their defenoe of the Island of Rhodes, 1480. Mahomet H. determined to destroy this outpost of Europe, which had-lotu defied his power and marred bis schemes of conquest. With a fleet of 160 vessels and 100,000 soldiers he landed on the Island, then held bj the Knights of St. John, under the commander Peter d'Aubusson. For three months, day and night, did this invading army batter at the walls with heavy ordnance, and storm the breaches made; hut the Grand Master and his knights were ever at the'post of danger. Many of the Moslems devoted themselves to his destruction, but his keen blade and powerful arm sent them to bite the dust. Maddened by the resistance of so few a number the terrible Bashaw led on his troops for one last assault. The Janissaries leap into the breach, but d'Aubusson, though wounded, stands there like the fablfcc 1 God of War.' A host in himself he inspires his knights with fresh ardour. The foe is driven back, and they fly to their ships, amazed and terrified, whilst the wounded knights proceed to the church to give glory to the Lord of Hosts. Or see again a similar defence at Malta, where but 600 wounded and famished warriors repel 40.000 Hoal^nn under the bravest of their Sultans, Solimsn II. It is no fifeUie of speech to say tdeir valour saved Europe from Mohammedanism And who but the Oatholic Church armed their strong right hand and blessed their knightly vows ? The Catholic Church—hae she the right to confer honours on heir children ? She placed the crown of empire on the brows of Charlemagne; she confronted Attila; she withstood a tyrant John of England, and a Henry IV. of Germany; she hurled the force of Christendom againat'the hordes of Asia; she adorned the escutcheons of kingly races with'. their prondest motto* ; she passed judgment oh the highest, reproved vice, rewarded virtue, encouraged learning, aod 'ennobled men in every age. Has the Catholic Char oh power to confer honours ? Let the prescription of a thousand years and more, the testimony of every civilized nation of Europe, the sacrifices she , has made for society, answer. To her by excellence belongs the power to ennoble her sons, and eingle them out for their deeds of merit. And dearly have ever been prized the marks of her honour—proudly her chivaby of merit ranks where right is respected ana virtue admired. And inthe installation of. the noble Knight, Sir John Michael .Gnnton^the Pope keeps up his traditional role -of universal patron of worth and excellence It 'is'jbbt for me to speak here the praises of Sir GOnsoD...He has ever been a faithful SOD of Holy Church,, a distinguished scholar and gentleman,'a good'.citizen, and a loyal turret. It is' because he'' represent*' ; ,in his person the Catholicity of this young'but growing nation, that our Holy Father wishes to giveybu a pledse . of his affection and a mark of his love. He tells iJW to-day that you "are a pea^e-loving people, 'that you are strenuous in the cause of right and merviful to the distressed. To this lean well ] testify when the loved ot most - amongst us lay belplesh in the grip of famine. You people cl '.Australia, without distinction of race or cre^d, came generously forward to alleviate her distress—£68,000 went from Australia to Irelandas the most munificent testimony of h r chatlly and mercy. Our Holy Father wishes to compliment yon people of South Australia. It ii in vain lor. foolish men to decry this Church, the spoliise of Christ, until man can blot out the records of the past, and cover with a pall of oblivion ihe 3>rilli»nt deeds of Catholicity. TJntil the worits-of "Michsel Angelo, the poetry of Dante, the philosophy of Aquinas, the labours of .Francis Xavier, the learning of Bei edict, the deeds of-Bayard, <P AnbUBson and and, tit. Louis Until these are forgotten and the monuments of' their gtay destroyed the . CatLolic Church' must ever be the- highest povir on earth, whose rewards are the tokens of genilve merit, aod whom gifts are Unsullied i y ii justice or wrong. Long may the ttoble Kr.it.l-t wear the sword withwhjlfch he is girded to-r^r . If the days of chivalry are t»o mor-, ttili the same or greater foes stand ahnei | tfcHitift God and His Church, and these foes si e just as dangerous to civilization and monlity as Modem or Hum. We need not be reminded to what excesses men are brought by ths im- moral and materialistic teaching of the present time. They may be read in the lurid flames of the burning Tuilleries. They can be heard in the murderous explosion of the assassin's mine—in the phreczied passion of depraved mobs—in the defiling publications o! a wicked literature—iB the unloosing the bonds of paternal control, and the licentiousness of youth. These are some of the evils of modern thought and society. Therefore it is necessary to have in every country men distinguished by their abilities and position—peaceful knights, cultivating the works of the understanding, strenuous in every good for the advancement of religion and morality — faithful in the discharge of their duty — and above all devoted to God and His Church. And it is meet and proper that that Church should honour such men, and send them forth in her name and with her blessing to fight the battles df the Lord—not with the sword of the flesh, but armed with the shield of faith and protected with the breastplate of justice, that they may be shining;Iights by their good example, and doughty defenders of trnth and justice. Arise, then, noble knight, and go forth to this contest with, God's blessing on your stainless shield. Long may you wear those blushing honours With which our Holy Father crowns you; and may you ever be a * knight peaceful, strenuous, faithful, and devoted to God.'" The service, which was very impressive throughout, was then concluded 'in the usual manner. 