L ATRIA, HYPERDULIA, DULIA. There is a scapular, on which rive em bossed, in rude embroidery, three figures, representing, as . stated, Joseph, . Jesus, and Mary, on a small heart of cloth, which is worn round the neck as a charm, and worshipped, often under the impi'ession that Joseph, Jesus, and Mary, were ; the . holy and ever-blessed Trinity. We , take from a volume, en titled "Indulgences granted by Sovereign Pontiffs to the Faithful, &c.;, collected by a member, of the Sacred Congregation of Indulgence in Rome, translated with per mission of Superiors," the following extract : " In order : to increase among Christian people a true' devotion towards Jesus ' and Mary, by frequently invoking their most sacred names, together with that of St. Joseph, and to encourage the faithful to recommend themselves to their protection at the close of life, on which depends eternity, Pius VII., by a decree of the Sacred Congregation of Indulgences, dated 28th of April, 1807, granted for ever an indulgence of 300 days each time they repeat devoutly, and with contrite heart, the following three aspirations to Jesus, Mary, and Joseph, and whenever they say one of these devout aspirations, he granted them an indulgence, of 100 days. In both cases the indulgence is applicable to the souls of the. , faithful departed. It is recommended to ; make these short and pious aspirations of the soul often in the day, and frequently during life, and to suggest them to sick persons in danger of death, which will afford ..'them much spiritual comfort— " Jesus, Mary, and Joseph I offer you my heart and soul. . ' \ " ' ' " " ' ' ' - - " JesuB, Mary, and Joseph, assist me in my last agony. , "Jesus, Mary, and Jdsepb,.may I breathe forth my'sottl in peace with you." We are aware that, according to Roman Catholic principles, supreme worship, by them called Latvia, is due to our Lord Jesus Christ, as one of the persona of the ever Blessed Trinity. A secondary and inferior worship — Hyperdulia— to the Blessed Virgin Mary, and a tertiary or lower worship — Dulia — to Joseph and other saints canonized by the Church. To keep ever in mind this important distinc tion is admitted to be necessary to avoid the mortal sin of idolatry; but here we have Pope Pius VII. r< commending an act, including Latvia , Dulia, and Hyper dulia in the same prayers, and even iri the same sentence, solemnly recommending pious persons in the hour of death, devoutly to offer up their heart and soul, not to the three persons of the ever Blessed Trinity — God the Father, God the Son, and. God the Holy Ghost, each of whom is entitled to the sairie supreme worship — but to three persons, of whom, according to Roman Catholic doctrine, one only is entitled to supreme'j and the others to different degrees of even inferior worship. Will any of our Roman Catholio readers explain to us how it would-be possible' to offer up our heart and soul to Jesus,, Mary, and Joseph in three different ways, in the same devout aspiration, or tell us in what respect calling on Jesus, Mary, and Joseph at the hour of death to. assist' ua in' our last agony," differs from the most solemn prayer' which the ! human", heart "is capable of pouring forth to the' Most, High; God? It would strike an ordinary mind, unclouded by metaphyisical . :and scholastic -theology, that it would -'.be mockery to address to the Divine Redeemer of our souls in the solemn hour of death, anything short of the highest adoration — the suprcmest worship of which the human soul is capable; and that no language addressed to the Supreme Being could surpass in devout solemnity the simple and touching words— " I offer thee my heart and soul — assist me in my last agony — may I breathe, forth my soul in peace with thee!" If such be' not the prayer of Latria, we would earnestly request some of our friends, tq show.:us in what the worship of Latria consists. , :.'If is do amount to Latria, or: an! act' , of .the highest devotion, . we; would then ask whether it be probablev-nay possible-rr that a dying man' could use these prayers at the same moment with three different' feelings ' and emotions— Latvia , towards, Jesus,. Hyperdulia towards . Mary, Dulia towards J oseph ? Can lone offer up his heart and soul io tliree different ways; in the same breath, to three different persons, differing so. widely in dignity and nature ? In, sober sadness, we ask our .Roman Catholic friends to tell us whether.;. the blame lies at the door of the ignorant peasant who worships the worsted images of Joseph, Jesus, and Mary, and the itine rants who traffic in such wares, or at the door of Pope Pius VII., who offers, in the nineteenth century, 300 days' indulgence to every one who prays to Jesus, . Mary, and Joseph in the way prescribed, and recommends them frequently, every day during their lives, and especially when dying, to look for spiritual comfort from such exercises? ' ui We have looked ' into Cardinal: Bellar- mine on' this subject, who distinctly days it down (De Sanct. Beatit. Lib. "i., c.7l7; p. 272— " Quomodo sancti : invocandi i ' non sint") that it is proved — 1st, by Scripture ; 2nd, by the practice of the Churchi; 3rd by reason ; and 4th, by the ' Eathers St. Augustine and Theodoret, thab we should not expect or seek for anything from saints save that they' should; ; by 'their prayers, obtain from God . those ; things which are useful for us, which lie tells. us (in: Chapter . xii., ; p. : 287) is? the inferior worship ! of Dulia, as distinguished from Latria1 or the worship of God, and Hyper; dulia, the worship of Christ- in :his human nature,; and the Bessed Virgin as the Mother of the Son of God.. Now, is there anything in these prescribed i prayers (to be rewarded by a 300 days indulgence) oi" in the exhortation . to use- them',' to guard the suppliant against the danger of confounding the divine and human natures oof ; Christ, and addressing him only in His human : nature % twith Hyperdulia,- or of falling into ; idolatry, by addressing the Blessed Virgin and : St. Joseph with Latria, at the same moment .with Jesus in His divine nature, f- Did Pope PiuR VII. recommend the dying, to resort to Jesus in his Divine, or in his human nature, to- address him> with Latria or mere Hyperdulia? . I ; Could any man, however educated. in scholastic subtleties, much less any simple- minded rustic, suppose that by the words, Jesus, Mary,, and- Joseph, 1 offer you my heart and soul," it is not meant to: convey a devoting of the heart and soul to each of those three persons, but merely, " Jesus, I devote ; to., thee my. heart and soul ; and, Mary, I beseech thee to intercede for me with thy son Jesus, to accept my heart and 'soul ; and Joseph, I invoke thee to pray 'for me?" If we consult the written word of God, we'- shall be at no. loss to point out to whom we ought to offer our heart and soul, .as the .highest, act of religious homage. ,) ".These are the precepts," says Moses — Dent, vi., Douay Bible — " which the Lord your God. 'commanded that I should teach you, . . " . Hear, O Israel, the Lord pur God is one Lord, and thou shalt love the Lord thy God with thy whole heart, rand with thy whole soul, and with thy whole strength." And when our blessed ,Lord himself was asked by a certain lawyer tempting him — " Master, what must 1 do to possess eternal life ?" The answer was, "What is written in the law? How readest thou 1" He answering said — "Thou shalt love tne Lord thy God with -thy'.'whole heart, and with thy whole soul, and with, all thy strength, and with all thy mind,: and thy neighbour as thy- -self;" and he said to him — "Thou hast answered l-ight ; this do, and thou shalt live." Is not this true adoration ? Is not this true supreme worship? " God is a spirit, and they that adore him must adore him in spirit and in truth." Can any one dare, in the hour of death, to offer tho affections of his heart and soul to any one but Him, who has thus plainly \- declined that He requires the whole heart and the whole soul of his creatures, and that not from the lips only, but in spirit and in truth ? We ask again, in all sincerity and solicitnde for the safety of men's souls, will they peril them (for the promise of a 300 days' indulgence), and hazard their immortal safety, by offering to any created being that heart and that soul which, if there be any truth in the Douay Bible, belongs to the Supreme God alone ? and if not, what must be said of Pope Pius VII, and his successors, who thus recommends and tempts them to do so; even in the awful hour of death, by offering them a 300 days' indulgence for each time they err so ? 