CHURCH NEWS. After having been closed for Borne time for improvements, Christ Church, St. Kilda, -was re-opened on Sunday, September 4, the introductory sermon being preached in the' morning by the Biahop of Melbourne. The right rev. gentleman Bpoke against the selfishness of mankind, and urged his hearers to think more of their neighbours' needs and more of the kingdom of God, warning them that the day was very near when, looking back upon life and seeing it in the light of eternity,' .nothing but the kingdom of God would seem to have been worth living for. In the eveningthe Bervice was conducted by the Rev. Dr. Brbmby. At the Emerald-hill Presbyterian Church, on September 4, the Rev. Dr. Macdonald lectured for the second time on 'The Standards of the Presbyterian Church.' He entered in detail into the history and prominent features of the five standards, and deprecated the mere verbal interpretation of their contents. Of the essential truth of the doctrines they embodied no doubt could be entertained ; but after the lapse of 250 .years, it was not surprising that the phraseology should be found defective in some respects. Any revision of the standards should not extend beyond the correction of literal defects; any tampering' with their doctrine or principles would not be tolerated. The Rev. S. Hebditoh, who for the last 12 months has occupied the pulpit of the Collins-street Independent Church, and who has decided to return to his charge in England, preached his ? farewell sermon on September 4 At the morning service he took as his text the words of 20r,h and 21st verses of St. Jude's Epistle: 'But ye, beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost, keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life.' He referred to Melbourne as a splendid city, but warned the congregation, and more especially the younger members of it, to , beware of its fascinations, and exhorted them to moderate their love of pleasure, dress, and ornamentation, and to consecrate themselves to God. The death of the Rev. Benjamin Chapman, general secretary of the Wesleyan missions in Polynesia, occurred on September 10 at Windsor, New South Wales. Mr. Chapman has been for many years a leading minister of the Methodist Church, and his unex pected removal in the midst of active service will be deeply regretted. He-entered the ministry in 1845, and was president of the Australasian Conference in 1873. ' - Mr. J. C. Stewart was entertained at lunch by the managers of the Scots' Church on September 10, at Scott's Hotel. In the unavoidable absence of the Hev. Charles Strong, who was engaged at the meeting of presbytery, the chairman of the board of man agement (Mr. James Aitkin) presided. In proposing the health of their guest, the chairman said they had met to acknowledge ? the many valued services Mr. Stewart had rendered to the Scots' Church for nearly a quarter of a century, to express sympathy with him in reference to recent events in the church courts, and to record their conviction that in everything he had done he had been thoroughly convinced he was fighting for the right; and concluded by wishing Mr. Stewart a pleasant voyage and a happy return in renewed health and vigour to resume the honoured position he holds in this community. Mr. Stewart, in acknow ledging the toast, thanked the managers for the cordial sympathy and support- they had accorded him in somewhat trying circum stances. He deeply regretted that the course he had felt bound to take should have wounded the feelings of anyone, but he believed the cause was a just one, and if the laity would only persevere, he was convinced that that reasonable liberty in sub scribing to the standards which Avould enable many good and conscientious men to give their services to the church would ultimately be won. At a meeting of Chalmers Church congregation held on Sep tember 12, a vote of confidence and sympathy was passed in and for the Rev. Robert Scott, and a determination was expressed to support and assist him in his present peculiar and trying posi tion. Mr. Scott, in reply, stated that be was not in the least afraid if they were not, and thanking the congregation for their support, expressed the belief that in a year's time they would have a larger number of members than ever. 