HISTORY OF THE SUPERNATURAL. The following extract is taken from the well known work of Mr. Win. Howitt, brother of I)r. Howitt, late of Melbourne, entitled as above. It will bo seen that the author quotes from the equally celebrated work on " Pneu matology," by James Stilling. The truth (in Mr. Howitt's estimation) of the hand burning as recorded by James Stilling, is supported by tho experience of spiritualists at their seances, who have, at gome seances, been warned by the spirits that their hands would bum tliose who took hold of them :— " Stilling was of opinion that men or women are not in a normal, or, indeed, in a healthy state, when they become cognizant by sight or sound of these spiritual beings, and he held that it was not orderly or innocuous to encour age such intercourse. ]S'o doubt, that inter course which Stilling and all holy men have cultivated with the Divine Spirit, the Creator and Lord of all Spirits, is the very highest and holiest; and they who enjoy'that may well dispense with all other. But all men are not so highly developed as Stilling, and though by prayer they may enjoy the influence of the .Divine Spirit, there are many souls to whom the ministry of subordinate spirits is helpful and beneficial. Their ministrations are more adapted to the condition of such souls, and their discovered presence may greatly streng then their faith, and raise them above the dark abyss of utter disbelief. The spirits of God are all 'ministering spirits' sent to men of many different grades of mind and degrees of developmentand their ministrations are, no doubt, as various as the conditions of men. Communion with evil spirits, of course, is sorcery, pernicious, prohibited, and unblessed. In his ' Pneumatology ' Stilling has collected a great number of such manifestations: and he lias given the narratives of some remarkable apparitions derived from persons well known to him, and in his estimation thoroughly trust worthy. Amongst these one of the most curious is tho story of the Sack-bearer. Stil ling received the account from an eye-witness, ana one who, being in the haunted house, took most active and courageous means to learn all about the ghost from itself. The narrator says that he went to work as a journeyman with a tradesman who lived in the upper part of an old house which had been a monastery of Capuchins : oil the ground floor lived a baker. At the time when Stilling received this account, lie says the narrator was become ' a pious and intelligent citizen. It was in 1SOO when ho went to live with the master weaver in the old monastery. Hearing extraordinary noises in the attic, lie enquired the cause, and was told it was the Sack bearer: that is, an apparition bearing that name, from the fact that he continually seemed to let fall something oil the upper floors like a lieavily-filled sack; and mado strange groans and noises as if in attempting to raise it again. On one occasion he had been met in Ins Capuchin dress by the baker below, bearing such a sack along the lobby, before day- break, which so horrified the baker that he ran off and let all his bread burn. The landlord, the weaver, had also seen him carry ing his sack, and he informed the narrator that it was 011 account of this haunting that his grandfather bought the house very cheap. Learning this, and boing often awoke in the night by the sound of the falling sack, which seemed to shake the whole story of the house 011 which he lay, he was at great pains to get a sight of tho apparition, and stole up to the upper room repeatedly wlion the spirit was letting tho sack fall one time after another with the greatest concussions, but it was only on one occasion that he caught a glimpse ol him retreating into a corner. He rushed intc that corner, but found nothing. On occasion of a jwrsim dying in the house, his noises were almost incessant. Stilling wrote to a friend ol his at this time, a physician, who learned fron 1 the proprietor that the Sack-bearer still madi 1 his visits, and predicted to the inhabitants o] : the house events about to occur. By the latest intelligence which lie obtained, it ap peared that the spirit had learned to maki i himself understood, and was able to conversi 1 with the people, who had ceased to fear him It was supposed from some circumstances tha i the monk had committed some fraud in graii i or other commodity with which he had beei I entrusted, and this was his penance. Another very remarkable case of apparitioi \- is related by him, which he introduces witl t this remark of such extensive application :~ i ' This subject is generally treated as somethini > superstitutions and degrading. It belongs ti good-breeding and refinement to smile at ghost E stories, and to deny the truth of them; an< . yet it is curious that people are fo/oml of hear i 111/; than told, and that besides this, the inm L diiloits narrator commonly seeks to moke thci, » tts pro>Aiblc tts jxtsniblc.' K very oik must hav t been struck with this fact. People will tel 1 you a ghost-story, premising, ' I don't believ i a word of it, understand, and yet the incident , all occurred.' And if you will proceed t 1 throw discredit 011 the narrative, you will fin > that these incredulous people ;vyill grow indiq . iitiut «\t the doubt cast on their statement, b 1 amusing is this popular characteristic, and's > common, that a man of much repute writing t [ me the other day, said, 'You may convict th • world of belief in spiritualism by an ovei 1 yvbetaws mass OYideuse, but tlia worW wil not even then admit that it is convinced: the fact being that every human soul believes it ir its soul, and simply because it a soul, ' m inseparable relationship to the world of souls, which will not let spirit, however incarnated, cease to feel the spirit world in which it lives. At Marburg ono of the students whe attended Stilling's class, and whom he con tinued to know in after-life as a most excollenl man, brought him a printed account of t strange occurrence which happened to hii father when a young man, and to his grand father. The latter had written down tilt whole narration, and printed it for circulation only nmongst his friends. It is very large, being given in complete detail, with the con rersation botwixt the grandfather and the spirit. The spirit described himself to have been one of their ancestors a hundred and twenty years bofore, and identified himself bj thrir genealogical table. He appeared some times three or four times a day as a little man, dressed in a blue coat and brown waistcoat, with a whip hanging at his girdle, and knocked audibly at the door before entering. He was extremely importunate that the son should gc to a certain tree in a certain meadow, undei which by digging he would find a deposit ol money. This seemed to have chained him t( the spot nil these years, during which lie had not found a medium in the family to whom he could make himself apparent. But he ap peared also to have a deed of blood on hia soul, for he 'took down the son's Bible from a shelf, to -which was attached a small hymn book, and jHiinted out with his finger the hymn beginning " Have mercy, gracious God," and the third verse of which had the words "From guilt of blood deliver me,"' &c.; The spirit continued its importunities from January 1 to April 30, 1755. Neither father nor son would listen to him, considering him as a tempter; but this tlio spirit denied, and to convince them, joined with them in singing hymns, calling on the name of Jesus, aud declared that he was glad always to hear the Word of God. He joined them in the reading of the Scriptures, and on coming to the words in the 8th chapter of the Epistle to the Romans, 'We are saved by hope,' &c.;, he clapped his hands, and ex claimed, ' 0 3'es, yes, saved by hope!' He declared that lie was going through a course of purification sent from God. Yet there were circumstances which made the father and son believe that ho was far from this purification, for fire streamed from overy finger when ho became angry at their resistance to liis wishes. Still more, when he touched the Bible it smoked, and the marks of his thumb and finger shrivelled up the leather of the binding where he held it, and also the paper where he pointed out the place in the hymn, '1'rom guilt of blood deliver me,' was black and singed. The Bible with these marks is ' preserved m the family, and many credit able persons have seen it, and still.see it.' Still further, on one occasion wishing the son to shake hands with him, lie recommended him first to lay his handkerchief over his hand. This was done, and the handkerchief was found 'with the five fingers of a-hand burnt in" so that the first and middle fingers were, in part, burnt entirely through ; but the thumb and two other fingers were burnt black and singed. This handkerchief was , sent round amongst friends and acquaintances, who as sured Stilling of the truth tof the whole, and' then these singular relics were laid up for the insiiection of all respectable visitors, and for posterity. The whole account was signed and attested by the father and, son, and the clerk of the peace, the Imperial Commissioner • of Liquidation, and the schoolmaster of the place, on May 10,1755. ■ •• : 