VICTORIA. fFrotn our owe Correspondent.! Melbourne, oliy 21. ana Ministry tsd to decide a question ot great moment on Monday : Still we stmd by our Reform Bill and resign if we cansot carry it, or accept the Council Bill acd retain posses sion ot tte sweets ot o&ce;? Last week the Whip went amongst members and ascertained quietly how they meant to rote. This was caa sidered wiser than to hold a caucus, at which turbulent spirits might create a sceae. Taa Whip informed fcis chief^that there w&sjn; heavy majority (not ccauticg the Opposition) ia favour of compsorcise. Upon this the Cabinet resolved en Monday to accept a compromise. The de cision was cot ncanisous, of coarse. Mr. Vile acd Mr. Eichardson wers dissentients. Advan tage waa takes of thebacqset to Mr. Slanro in the evening to announce the iutentions of th.« Government. The company at this banqaat— which w»a supposed to be given to Hr. Alunro by bis political friends in Hotham — contained a small proportion ci Hotharn people. There waa a host of ilr. Slunro'a personal friends from tbe Exhibition— officers, Commissioners, Jurors, and j exhibitors, who had no concern ia tha recast j election victory ; aad in addilioa to them there j were friends and admirers from tho other | suburbs. The dinner was held in Hoiham, j which was the only Hothain fact ia it. And it is thus we manufacture public j opinion. Hotham has been committed to a cozspromiio by an Exhibition company. At the election Sir. Hudto declared for tne Berry Bill acd Mr. QuialaD for the Council Bill. The latter waa defeated, and bis suciaws fal rival haa accepted the Bill which at the election he denounced. Besides Mr. Manro'a Exhibition friends there were some members of the Corner party present, drawn thither by their anxiety to hear Mr. Berry preach ths hateful gospel cf peace. Mr. Woods, M.L.A., cried ont 'No, eo,' when Mr. Berry advised compromise, but the genial company at the dinner table cheered the Chief Secretary, and frowned pleasantly on Mr. Woods, and nert day the world understood from the reports iD the newspapers that Hotham had given its voice for compromise. The position Mr. Berry and his colleague* were in was a difficult one. The Ministry, as a body, had no wish to resign, and, therefore, they convinced themselves that tbe interests of the country required that they should keep tbe Conservatives oat of power. As a matter of fact, Mr. Berry believes no more in the Upper House Bill than in any of his own discarded political children. He at heart believes in the one-Chamber system, and favours no plan which is calculated to raise the Upper House in public estimation. Tbe Bill will be carried probably, and if it is it will be claimed as Mr. Berry's scheme, though it in truth has been framed by Sir Charles Sladen, and if the Bill passes it ?-ill be because there are hardly any politicians who thick it a sound measure. Tbe majority of the Council think it goes too far ; so do many of the Opposition ia the Assembly and oat of doors. The Liberal majo rity sincerely dislike it. Yet this ill-favoured measure promises to become law, and to satisfy a people who have rejected far better proposals of settlement. The explanation, of course, U that the country ia aweary of prolonged agita tion, atd that the great bulk of the community do not believe that any particular alteration of the Constitution ia neces8ary. It ia assumed that a change of franchise can do no harm. If the Upper Honse wonld only promise to offer co hostility to Money Bills there would be an end of the popular demand for reform. If the Upper House is liberalized important results muat follow. It will become the rival of the Assembly, ifj not in legislative power at any rate in public influence ; and it must be oat of a holy fear that thia result will happen that the Radicals oppose the Bill. They are afraid that a Howe will be created which, by its modera tion, statesmanlike demeanour, common sense aisd intelligence, will obtain a high reputation at the expense of tbe Lower House. The Assembly Chamber was very full on Tuesday, ?when Mr. Berry rose to announce that the Ministry would give in, A look of pain and anxiety was visible en nearly every face on the right side of the chair. The Opposition were cheerful, the Corner gloomy, and the Government careworn. An experienced on looker could have picked out every one of the men who had told the 'Whip they must vote for compromise— to prevent a' dissolution. There were none of the accustomed cheers snd enthu siastic outcries which the impassioned oratory cf Mr. Berry usoally evokes from the Liberal rankt. When he had done, the Corner rose in auger, and repeated a number of Mr. Berry's recent arguments in support of the whole Bill and against cor»rjroniise. But the House was sullen, and refused to recognise tbe old war-cries. For three or four hours the Corner men did all the talking, and the Opposition maintained a judicious silence until it became obvious that no progrjss comd be made that night, and that therefore a few sentences from Mr. Murray Smith would not cause delay. Were it not! for the circumstance that the Council just now has been presented by the As sembly with a disagreeable dose of medicine in the form of a second edition of the land tax, the Xongmore and Grant party would have no excuse for their resistance to progress snd com promise. The original Act was designed and passed to bring in £200,000 a year, and it has hitheito only brought in £160,000. This session Mr. Berry has introduced an amending measure co increase ice proauciiveness or. tne tax. it is not a fair Bill, any more than its predecessor, bat it has been can fed through the Lower House by a solid vote of the Liberals, and the Council now has the measure under consideratian There is not a single member in the Council prepared to vote for the Bill — not even the representative of the Government. Mr. Reid may move that it be read a Becond time, but he won't do any more for it than that. The Radical party pretend that the Bill is of immense im portance, and say that if it is farther delayed there shall be no reform. This is singular in consistency on their part to refuse to reform the Council because it is an ill-behaved Bouse. Ic is not for the sake of the revenue expected from the revised plan that the Corner party ask that the Land Tax Bill should not be delayed. The Bill is a blow aimed at property, and supported btcause it is unjust, ie., offensive and harsh to property-holders— a forerunner, if not an in stalment, of the progressive tax. Too don't suppose that the Government or their friends are prepared to awaken a crisis for the sake of a revenue of £40,000, none of which can come in until next financial year. If we are to have a tumult over the tax, it will solely be for principle. It must irritate Mr. Berry, the inventor of the stonewall, to have his Liberal Government obstructed by stonewall tactic*. The obstruc tion came from Mr. Longmoro and Mr. Gaunson. Mr. Grant acd Mr. Woods spoke against the Council's amendments, bat did not occspy needless time. To hear the versatile Mr.' Gaunson object to settlement on con scientious grounds was really good. It was supposed by tbe Government when they elected him Ohaiiman of Committees in preference to the youthful Mirams that he would have the decency to keep quiet, but Mr. Gaunson has no control over bis own torgne, and no steadiness of purpose. To sit on the same side for a whale session irks him. He was born with a restless, flighty disposition, and nature must assert itself. The only cure for the ailment under which Mr. Gannson suffers is exclusion from Parliament for ten years or more. Hitherto tbe people he has galled have sought to quiet him with rewards. The Conservatives paid his election expenses, and es soon as tbe House met he mounted the Opposition colours. Mr. Berry (who for a whole session refused to recognise Mr. Gaunson in any way) put him into a billet worth £500, and thejbon. and ungrateful member has now become obstructive. 'With sixty members for settlement and six for obstruction and delay, settlement ought to be certain and obstruction hopeless ; but he would be a rash prophet who would venture for a week yet to say -what will become of reform. The Government intend as a matter of fcrm and conscience to reduce the quali fication of Council members from £150 (the Upper House minimum) to £50— a com-3-do=rn from the present qnaliacation of £200. They also intend to cat down tie franchise from £25 leaseholds to £10, and make the latter amount do for both freeholders and leaseholders. It is not expected that either amendment will be accepted, but tbe Government must, like brave gentlemen who have been challenged to the field against their will, hsve a boas or two for their reputation sate. They must be allowed to do something to prove that they are valiant, aad a stage duel will go doom with the Liberal electors. There is a general enquiry afoot to find out what has become of the 70,000 who are assumed to have stolen, like ghosts, ont of the country. They have not gone to the home cf eho&ts;, that we are certain of, far the registra tion of deaths is sep: with fair accuracy. They cannot be in New South TVales, for the retards of the sister colony are short, like oar own, though to a less extent. In facr, the XeT South Wales 5i^ires increase the lost to 100,000, acd all eyes are bent on Qaeenslsnd. The Liberals have got the idea into their head that the lest people are actually in the colony, and have been overlooked by tbe wnsas enume rators. It has been proposed that a reward ecall be offered, to encourage persona who hive not received papers to venture oat of their rabbit boles end declare themselves. Witts aa outl&y; cf £35,000, cr 10s. a fcesd, we shall quickly and satisfactorily maie cp the ngly deficit. Ten shillings h&s; been suggested as the amount of the reward which ought to be offered ; and if we c&n; increase the population by '0,000 at that pries it will be a cheap form of assisted iniaii grstion. Cf coarse the Statistical Department will tot be too strict in its enquiries, and accept all plausible clairns. The Eev. Cbarka Strong, the subject of the late theological trial, was entertained in a com plircectary manner by his congregation at Sccis Church, Collins-street, on Yocdsy ni^ht. The Coniffiittte of Slansseaient desired to 6how their eppreci&tion; of Mr. Strong by increasing j hia stipecd, which is already hi$n, and the rev. I gentlen-an had the eelf-denial to refu»e. The I cDEgrtgidoa is weaJtby, and can afford to pay both its ministers trail. It contains a boat of | Scotch landowners thit lire ia Slelboarne; bat j the chief source of income is the Charch lands. I In tbe olden times each denominitioa took j cure to get large allotments from tne Stats, j and these allotments have since been cat up an-J | kt en bailding lewes. St. J&mei;'t Church, i West Melbourne, has beea enclosed by Wire- ; hou£€»; there ia an agricuharal implement ' factory in the St. Job u's frontage; part of the ; Scot* Church land is let to wholesale chemists, i and there is a coalyird at the corner ; St. Paal's j draws rent from a timber yard ; the Independent ; Chnrch draw3 rent from a doctor and a grave- I stoie cutter, persons who both worS on the : boundary lins between this world aad the next. ! Bat to return to Mr. Strong, the heart3' B3!U- \ ranees of confi Jence he received from his congre- ! gation should do much to obliterate the un- j pleasant tSecie of the recent persecution. ' Since the trial two Presbyterian clergymen have j tried to awaken an intereat amongst newspaper j leaders in the views of Hegel, but the revival of ! that old stager — to speak like tba theatrical profession— failed to draw, and the public called ', for a new piece. Tha subjected topic is English j penny stamps. Why can they not be bought in I Melbourne by people who want to send home j resaittsncea of the amount of Is. cr Is. 6d. ? I Tfce minicipal bodies are alive to the ad van- j tages to be gained from tha introduction of i tramways. Two Companies havejchemes before j the public— the Omnibus Company and a newly i formed Association, provided with the exclusive j right to use a patent fo:m of steam motor. Tnd ; question in doubt is whether tramways shall be left to be undertaken by private enterprise or con- I structed and maiLtaiued by the municipalities | This week the representatives of a Municipal . Conference waited on tbe Chief Secretary, and j suggested that Government should legislate for j tramways as they do for railways. Mr. Berry took a narrow view of the position. He said that tramways would compete with tbe subur ban railways, and he thought that the present j street conveyances provided amply for public j requirements. Now more than half the sabar- j ban population lives north cf the Yarra, and quite out of the reach of the suburban railway system, viz., in East Melbourne, Colling wood, Fitzroy, Carl ton, Hotham, and Brunswick. There can be so legislation this session. In the meantime the private CoEspanies keep their i projects before the public, and the mnnici- j palities look on with a quiet resolve to permit j no Companies to meddle with the Btreets, except ?; upon good terms ; and ths army of cabdrivera j nses what little inilnence it possesses to throw cold water on all project! for traffic reform. 