SATISFACTION. By Jamxt Oabboll. And I win place within then, as a guide, Ki mtopiro oosfdmce. ., . ?' ItivrOH's ' pjAUinw Lost.' : Tmj little cottage, called, by courtesy, ' The Parsonage,' fi- Bolunda, la wrapped in itterdarkneai, save a bright gleam'bf lamp-, [git that Qlnmlned the tiny, ourUuedv jrindow of the minister's room. The little township Is at rest, all the day's noise »n« -roll are paat, and every tired head is on its billow. Even tbs noisy Jingung noiew ?» [idsed— no Ught «nTwhere bnt this glaring Iqusre, which, by it» brightness, makes the lark night darker. ! Humphrey -Gray, the minister, sits— [honghit bT past midnight— at bis writing leak, Ma head .snppbrted on his hands, an men diary before him. As he reads and turns the leaves slowly, the gravity of bis eAwayB grave faoe tooomea more settled, more ! £y«nd-bye Humphrey Gray lifU alined, drawn faoe, wearily oloses the bobk, and in a ' few ' minutes Bolnnda is all dark. Bo passed the young minister's last niabt in Bolunda. To-morrow he leaves for aWstant oongretatton, and the brawny, tou-hfcrdened. miners, .as they passed the Parsonage in the early mornlna on their way to work, wished him God-spftd in their iiearts. He was part and panel of fee place, they said; Bplnnda wouldn't be Bolnnda without him. They didn't care (or preachin' chaps, as «' rale, bat Mr. Gray was different. Bo they tramped along, indignantly anathematising the power* that controlled and whloh bad Ordered Mr. Gray's removal, i Be had been vdth them seven years; be bad seen Bolnnda grow bom. its infanoyof tent and shanty to its present Imposing maturity of cottage and hotel, and evtry Eug'h.Seardediaoe.lnthe place was famttv to bim. He was loved by the poor for his e»al and Unanees. Over the mtoingportton of his bongregatton bis iafluenoe was very [Teat, and, tbbugn he did not effect sudden : md magio conversions, a few well-timed words from ','Wm'; bad 'often', retormod tbe most Inveterate drunkard, The rich sought Ilia K-ciety anxiously, for there was a strange inirture ' of pride ' and htunOt^- in Us, character)' hi* insoner And .bearing were, J,ho« of a perfect genUeman, and in a demo-; i^ntic oommunity like that of Bolunda good brooding u vqmckly «en and justly appre euted. ..' '? ???.,?: ;Mr:Qrsy was aocomp&niedonhit; journey. by:T^';Hsi3iaw»y)'a.J'onng',overseor who rialieatolook up the interior grariug grounds 'or intending juwhise,': When ttCTreachod 1 he top of t£e hul which overlopSed the lil I nining township, Humphrey Gray tamed bis j lorse's head . »nd_ stood ' 'Some momenta .i nis4uent Carev/elli-a soft a'egielfiil -lookietole '; bver his Wrong, proud face, tad into lot blue, ? The next day's summer sun poured -Its nercOest rays on our traveller!, who, wearied and uncertain of their route, ride hero and there in search of the lost track. . 'Well nerer get out of this dome bush to-day, Doles*, as I think, we are in the vicinity of Breybnm home station. If so, we're all right, and, at the nags are done up, wist io yon ssy to a rest at MUmao'sF tobert atflman ia no end of a nlee follow ; Kill be glad to see us. I wouldn't like to paat Braybnm, to asy tie word Mr. Gray, and I'll flod lie back mm lh* top of t)iu big bam ?ill here to the right s I know It welL we bampod at (be foot of it on tUo other sido Us I shooting season.' Mr. Gray acquiesced in bis quiet way, and Glman's station wat reached in the dusky ivening. Toung Hathaway was welcomed in he borne circle at Braybum warmly and tindjy. . The reception of hit friend wat not eat kind, but they treated him ?with more jdefereuue. ' .After Mrt. Milman— who was an invalid —had retired, a tall, pale girl oame into the oom. Mr. Milman iutroducod her as— ?'MydaughlcrEutli.' Miss Milman, as Mr. Jray called bar, (Fred familiarly called her &ath;),was a sweet-fsced girl with palf. well mt f eabtirotj and thoughtful groy eyoa t tliougu her manners were quiet and unassertive aho seamed the directory of the establishment. Mr. Mflmsn continually appealed to her on points in bis conversation oonneoted with the louses, tin) gardena, tho horses, or even tho latest European telegrams. Bulb corroded and decided everything i yot, withal, was so unpretending, to feminine, that Humphrey Gra*, by adnuntion of her, wasmovea out of us selftttf nu)o9iness and sorrow, ffe tslked to this quiet, grey-eyed, little Buth as be bad never telked to any woman in liis life, and ho retired to rest happier for it. He did not know he was happier i but he was so, for be did not take out tie great black diary and pore over it, or sit and stars before him for hours aibad boeahls wont In tho little Bolunda Parsonage, and weary night* long ?go in the sparsely-furnished studont wmber of his Edinburgh lodgings boforo ordination i but be looked out or tho window . up to the starlit sky, and said softly to hiia self i ' I will lighten my burden by some day. sharing mj secret with aainlly-oyod little Kuth, if I dare.' He leaned out over tho window-aill, Iho stara twinkled over bis head, and Iho night owls moaned surlily among tho distant trow as he murmured in npt, reverent tones i ' Deliver mo from Mood, Oh God I' EW found many excusct for protracting their stay, and as Mr. Gray was not due at tho scene of his new labours for many days, ho was glad to partake of Mr. Milman's genial hospitality, and enjoy quiet littlo ohats at intervals with Bulh. She told him with her eerioua smile that she could not entertain him, she had too many employments. Sbo taught the two sturdy lads, Hugh and Harry, who iVore now linving holidays in honour of this visitors. They nad never known any other teacher, and Mr. Milman made it a proud booat that Hugh, who was only thir een years old, would be fit to take bis place .mong the senior boys next year at school. 111 tUV WIIU UtUllUJM ILWIU VI1U UUW Wt VUV1* krisit, Fred Hathaway and his host being absent, Mr. Gray, who stayed in to writo he sold, sat looking ovur a photograph album at he table, opposite Mrs. Mflman's invalid pliair, Mule Buth tewed busily at a far away Iwindow. Suddenly the minister's face grew set, and a bunted look crept into his blue byes. ,1C Mrs. Milman, who is that, please ?'.' 'Thai 1 Oh my poor boy.' 11 Mamma,' said Butb, in a low, warning roice, ee the bid down her work and came towards them. Mrs. Milman's lips twitched painfully, her bands clasped and unelatpod the arm of her , chair for a few moment*, then she laid back jher head and closed her eyes. : ' She has fainted,' Buth said, hurriedly, In a relieved tone, v Please go away, Mr. Mil jnan, end- wbsn she recovers she 'ill have forgotten the cause of her fewoon. Tou must not mindj', the continued, reassuringly. ?'Don't look -so troubled about it. Mamma is ?very delicate, you know.' Pointing to the bright, boyish face in the album, sue said : ''It is my brother, my only brother, ^rcbic, and be it dead. Ton know, Mr. Gray, I am Jlutn JLesly. Many beside yourself makotho psme niittoke about my name. I will tell you about poor Archie's death after mamma has retired this evening. It is our one sorrow, Jtr. Gray.' ? Humphrey Gray reeled from the room lite a drunken man. Strong agony gleamed in liis blue eyes and lined bis white forehead. All the horrid past came surging up again, jt had always shadowed and menacingly fol lowed him. Now it was tugging at bis heart strings, crushing and overwhelming him with its frightful horror. . \- He walked unsteadily down to the creek-side knd leaned against a great tree, fiuth had kat in its oaol shade only yesterday watching the boys row' their tiny craft on the water. (He bad* seen her from the bouse, and he ponld not help thinking of it now— how pale tad slight she looked in her cool white drees, tad bow oarefuUy her serious grey eyes fol lowed 'tbe'movefflente of Ibe litUe lads. He lwantca;'to think of her as yesterday-gentle, iBweetrEuthMilman, the brothers' guide em . direetnttj ^ie jnother's stay and comfort, old Eobdfl.MilaianV treuiuM daughter, and his 1 own little lore. Not. a* to-day— not Buth ' tDasry 'with' stern, . sorrowful face, tending ' f)M iititfr\mieu motim vAtk the.toiible' ? jtale iJ'a ^brother's murder oovering Qniier lips, Bulh tesly wilb a gml impattable golf of blood between them. ? . The sun went down at length, but the lstt hour of bit shining brottfat furrows to the poor pale face to prematurely aged, and ttnab to the wavy mastea already grey. The prostration of spint and mental anguish had been sore, the struggle bad been hard, but bis great stjBnaUi saved him. ' 1 tBair leave Breybnrn to- morrow, and Bulb. wDl know,' ho said. 11 Got a headache I Well, it's been a roaster to-day, I know. Pity you didnt come out » we had fine sport. Butb wishes to know if -ou'U oome down, or take a cup of tea up hero. She's at pale as a ghost herself — Mr». Milnmn had an attack of heriUnest this after noon— poor little girl 1 I say, Mr. Gray, I don't mind tolling you this,' and Frod put the candls down and stood betide his friend, bit bright young face full ol eagornoM and earnestness ? — ' I'vo asked Milman for Hutu to-diiy. 1't« )oved ber evejr sinn I first ttw her throo years ego, shd I'm trying lisrd io got rich for lier, but it's awfully slow work. Both doetnt know, Mid I don't want her to know yet. She liket me I'm sure, and I'm satisfied with that now. Milman's- brick | be uttenod to me right through, then ho said hit littlo girl's happiness wot all he wanted, and that whon Butb would say Tn to me, be would be ready to do bit part. Ifow you tea why I came here wheniwe lost the track.' As ho finished ho laughed awkwardly, he was so surprised at bis friend's lilonw — surprised and angry. ' Vou'll bavo the tea I supposo, if you're so btd&ttliftU;' ; 'Humphrey Gray.iiaggara and weak, rbso Kip »nd stood before him, and laid hit banda Ion the broad * boulders of the young man. : 'Fred Hathaway, you ore good and honest, and you say you lovo her | but do you lore iorF Can you make her sad young life .happy ? Con you gift) her such lovo at she jroquiros f You know what slio it P Now, lanswor mo. Areyou worthy of her f ' ; ' Boally, Mr. Graj, you friglilcn a fellow. Don't put things so seriously, and look so tragical; I do lovo Ruth Losly with all my licnrt, and I will try to bo worthy of her if 'she will liavo me.' ' ' Yet, my boy, try hard to bo worthy of her.' i 'Doar old follow, you look to ill; your eyas am dull, and your faoe awfully pale. In for a fever I would say If I wcro a doctor. What will you toko P' ' Nothing. I will come down by-and-byo, after Mrs.MUman has retired. Myanpoar ruico miglilfrigliUm W, you know. I'll oomo down for a cup of tea when you're nt billiards, and all is quiet.' ' All right.' A couple of hours dragged away their weary longlli, thon Humphrey Gray, with strong resolution on liis faoo, walked down to tlio liglitod drawing-room with the block bound diary in his hand. He had hoped to find Buth Uicro, but elic was not, and be walked up and down tho room, wailing for her, with short, decisive stops, tho rigidity of Ilia mouth never relaxing from iU expression of fixed determination of purpose. A girl brought in a tray witli his toe and an apology from Miss Bulh. Her mamma wished her to stay with her this evening, and she hoped Mr. Gray's hcadacho was belter. He drank oft* a oup of ton, and, hastily de taching ft loaf from his pockot-book, pcncillod I -— ' Dear Miss Irfaly,— I loayo Brayburn early in tho morning. WHy, you will know wlion tou will have read :what I leave in your bands — the records of my early life Search them keenly but kindly, and whon you como to that entry do not roproacii me. It waa unpremeditated in thought and action | it bos haunted and embittcrod every hour of existence since. Do not you too rise up in judgment against me. Out of your charity and great gentleness of heart, think kindly of mo, little Bulli, and my burden will not bo so hoavy.~-HcnrHBiir Gjuy.' Mr. Gray garc note and diary to tho house maid, and charged her to toll Miss Lesly that ho requested her to delay the reading of them till the morrow. Tho girl deported, and he found his way to the billiard-room, where tho balls clicked merrily, and Mr. Milman and Fred, in their shirt sleeves, were excitedly chalking and scoring. ' Going in the morning. My dear sir, I ?won't hcarof it. If youVo ill this isJusfcUio place for you. Bull's a capital nuno.' 'Mr. Gray,' put in Fred, as he saw tto sign of relenting on his friend's pale face, '' wait till Thursday- Do. 1 can't go till Thursday, and I don't like the idea of you doing that eighty-mile journey alone in your present form. ? But Mr. Gray, having courteously thanked his host and commissioned adieus to the ladies, shook Fred kindly by the band, and went out to the stables, ordered his howe for his early ride, otdenilod tlio stain to bit room, and lockod tho door. ' I am a daughter of Ere, bull can leave it till the afternoon,*1 Buth said to herself with her sweet graro smile. And in the afternoon whon mamma was comfortably asleep, and all was quiet in the upper regions bf the house, she carried the book and little twisted note to her own pretty room, and kneeling beside tbo window elf ablsie with sunlight, she deftly arranged tho curtains as ? screen, and with a happy expectant look in beroyes, ' and the smile deepening the Curves of ber. lips, she opened end read. . Kuth Teed the pendllod linos again and again, tad soft coppastionate ; tears stood In ber eyes at the Wok tho thioHj-hound, blank diary in her hands, her slender flnfere on its clasp at though nlnetant to opoo It- 8hq ingered thiukingly some momenta over the wtentfiff, them with a sadden Hath erimtaa ing her neck and face, ah» M-opeaed Oa note and kissed the tiimaUiw. She tamed the leaves slowly, end read many pans with the same happy smile play ing round btr mouth., but toon bar eyes be came riveted on one page, ' 8b» read It over many times, while growing horror distended ber eves and whitened her fsett. It was a page bearing dtl« more than flftoen yean -ldi— ' '11th. Oame to London to*dar. Hat two bid clmmi, Tom Tilloteon and Frank Ortydon. Pom's going to have sotna fun .with a young ellow whom I saw at Uw Club tbi- morning, i »oft -looking fellow named Arnhio Ixwlr. torn will put Frank and toe up to the lark o-night lie says. . I am sorry. I must lake Uio wat for Oalais to-mdrrowi' They want mo to liar, too. :. ' 'litu. Am glad I caught tin boat. I Kttuldn't like Otter to hare soon m« last light. Poor old OUarl He't so stmiglit aood. It't loobad' thoMb, that, after all hit lessons and kindness, I couldn't be a matt one day ont of hit sight, : ! ' Tht besetting t& of the age i. drunken nets. My boy.'tet your face ngeinrt Ik' be ?uaed to say. I ooiUn't help myself with ?those follow* hut niffbt, bat I am torry for the part I took against young tietly. I'm sorry! jibed him to «Wt his ridlng-tbat wm Tom's lark. . I hope be wont Bmsmber about the oolt. I 'Wlh. ArdtUUdyitiMi. VkrwrnhytU nit. Sl'lfin r*rU. ? i '??Th'siithbrclamnTreMlredthtamoni- Ing. My God I How t»u I tit bore and ! write it P I am Archie Lolly's murderer as rarely as if I bad plunged s knlfo In his hsati, and my soul is Darked with tlie rod brand of Cain. ' It was at the dub, I oould see tint Iin waa intoxloated, and grew flcrooly Indignant at Tom's sneering nmarka, and wlitn I IchaUenAid him about bis riding (of whloh ho had been booallng, poor boy 1), be swore to mo tlitl hn woulil on the morrow ride an lunbrokou oolt, one that had never been ?addled. Ho seemed nw/uUy in earoml loo. ' Wl.y did llounti tho ourwei drink P But far it I could novor liarn pntorad into such an iinninnly jost, and I wuuld not haw that poor boy's death laid at my door. I have not moved out all day i but I will not fly from justice if I am sought. SoinotluiM I think I ought to go back and took out a msalslrnte | then again, I am not llm only one involved. If I only were guilty I would at once give : inytolf up. I 'An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth | ' sy, and a life for a life. I have thought and thought, still I cannot resolve. ' 14t)i. ' Oome onto ms all y« thot labour, and arc lionvlly laden, and I will give you rest.' Tlino words came to ma last night, and I knoll down and nrayod. Vow, I am : ready to go back to England,' Tlioy found her in Die ovening knoelina by Ibo window in her room, a large black boot jclaj|ied close in her arms to her breast, pray 'ing. ' They called to her, but site did not /answer there. She beard her mother's voioo :ln tho next room, tbon the vain* io ber throat iweiioa ana tnroDDoa, ana great tears mioo her eyea, but she forced them book, and wont ? ont among them. 1'rod looked anxiotu about jher and communloated his fears that Buth wu not strong or else waa ovorworked to Mr. Milman who said the mutt ride and walk out more, indeed she must aooompany them :on the morrow. i The morning prored hot and sultry so Buth : easily onouted herself and promised to rids as ;fsr as the Big Hill in tho afternoon to meet them on their return home. Poor whlte-fsocd Bath rode out in the jwarm afternoon, away through tho bush, not | knowing, not oaring, when tho went. Bho hold tho rein loosely before her and gave IBobln his head. Away to the right strotobed ! a dense bolt of sorub, in front the Big Hill jstood out bine in tho hate of distance While all around .?tsw green shrubs and itooer eepllngt.ttf^Ple after mile Robin jplaked bis way over ?fallen logs and loose timber, someumo* stopping to munch a mouthful of grass in tho soauty shade of (he spanly- follagod sapUnira. Bho was clod to bo alono. Evory fooclty wss numbed with the intense strain she hod put upon herself now 'ho triod to think about It. A falsa stop of Robin caused bar to jerk and almost low bar saal ; tliin brought her bock to ber Rurrauniliiigt, and, looking about anxIouHly for the rrnacwvoun, she wan startled tn find that, no matter in what direotiun she looked, no hill of any kind waa to bo soon. Slio knew she must be far from home, for eho oould boo groups of stray oatUo in the distance who bellowed angrily at the sight of hor. Seeing a groat plain ahead oho rodo toward It. ' I will stand in tho centre of it,' slio ?aid, ' thon I shall be mom oanlly neon when tboy come to look for mo.' She felt no fear. Hor spirit wu sore, and her heart and conscience wore waging florae war. The struggle was with ber, as It naa noon wiin mm, ont sno was oniy a girl, and she loved. What though she bad heard hor mother curse tho unknown slayer of her darling— wild and wayward, there fore loved tho mom— And had in her childish heart hated the destroyer of Ilielr home, and of tier mother's health. Through him Arohlo had boon cnt off in Ills youth, and in hit iln; yot slio loved him. She said nil thin to herself standing in the oentro of the dreary flat far away from liar home. Bho did not think of her position, aho thought only of this unnatural and lll- faled love of hers, and scalding tears dropped on Robin's mane. It was almost sundown whon aho hoard t. shrill oooeo, and feed oamo galloping toward her. ' However, did yon lose yourself tike this, ButhP What! Crying] Oh, don't try, Butb, or I'll— You're safe now, dear, {you know.' T They turned in the direction Fred had fcomo. 'I tupposo when you didn't soe us at the Hill you rode on.' ' Sid you not go to tho Oil! then f' '?So/ 'You'll bo sorry Eulh, about Mr. Gray. 'Poor old follow I' . 'What about him,' eho said, a little un steadily. ? 'Tboj-'vo got him ol Yonnin, dreadfully lurt. Thrown by that bout of liis, I know it wat daniemras by it* eyp— what 1' ; ' Bulh 1 Bulh I1' . Sbo did not faint, though hor faoe grew trfaite, and barcres cl6sed fora few moment*. 'When, Frodf Tell me about it please,' me said, in a low voico. ! 'Poor little girl I she's so kind-hearted, pod feels everything so much,' said Fred to liimself , ss he rode close besido her, and laid us hand on hers on the rein. 'Wo met j&nsbn;, the Tannin boundary-rider, and ho told us that be bud tound him yesterday craning near bis boundary line, lying on tbo ^ouna, liis left arm broicn, »nd a nasty cut m bit head. He was quite unconscious, and Is so still. They're got him at Anton's place, bis wife Is doing her bost for bim j but as there it no doctor tbore yet, I'm afraid there's not much chance for bim.' j - 'Have they Mot for a doctor ,f' ? 'Oh, yes. If they bad not I would hare Mne Toor step-father wanted to tees him, and, as we oouMc't both go, I oame book. I'll go down to-morrow. Fortunate I did borne baok,«h, ButhP' She answered 'him not a word, but lightened her rein and whipped Book into a iwift gallop. Fred oouUaoaroely keep paoe Witbber. When they oame within sight of Braybum wbere, though it waa only dusk, the lights were twinkling in the windows, Both crew np. : 'Fred, it it Anson's— that plaos jntt below the creek-bends P1 .. Qhe bad been drying Fred oonld see, and ber -voice was full of tears. ' ' r«tes,iHiatVlt, ftntt. *vVJij-r' ii .'!B*ohm rm going to now. Tin must not oome. Pleas* star with mamma, '1 t woaW be kinder, ana, Frod-teUUer to— . I to nad th« turned-aewi leafTn a took she '] srfll find to my room, looked ia tie table- . 1 drawer. Frsi^' she wss' erring yiobmtiy 1 bow. 'and tsUmy mothsr Jf I do not etc ^ isr again, tint I cannot help myself, I aan't J liilp loving him.' ; * -' Oh, Ruth I Oh, Hoaveml Do too lore 1 ImnahnyGrtrr And I lore you.' ' 'Then if tou do, Tou can ttndtrvUad. Make It euy for liw, Frod, the will havo ; ost tit both, Archlo and mo, for I will be as lost to her, a* tbongb X wen dead, I know.' ' Oh, Until I' wot Ul he oould aay, o» slio ... roH* away swiftly out ot elgtrt in tb» diuk. ! When sbo reaohod tho bonndary-rlder's , loute, the asked to see hor step-ft«i«r «t bnos. Mr. Milman oajne from the ti-Jc- wim, thook.-d at liesriug Rulh was there. ' Fops, you have not so muou to forgive, ; Archie was not your son.- Ustca, I love Mumpuroy Orty, ant though be oarer iipoko - a word cf lore to me, I know ho loros mo a UUs, Oh, papa, hs bat suftsred an muoh mdso long, let nw H.htoo bb wfferinga a little, ifhe mnst din, let ine bo noarhlm?' ' Before bo oould reply she had passed him, land ?stand tht) tearoom. A lamp burned on toe table showing Humphrey Grit's wblto sm oh the pmow/wtth a Uneu bandage round his hood, and whoro It covered tho wound a red stain appeared. His arm which ter aorass bit obAi was bound up In ? iplinU, as well as the kind-hearted peoplo ibout him know how to do It. Mrs. Anson J tat at tbs foot of tho bod, and rose up 3 lookbg surprltod. tt bw ontranoo, but RutJi. , ,U idiOtiol speak to ber or look at her, sbo *»w fgi Wly thai wblUf«»-wlilU even to lh« Ups. , ;«S '—and she knolt down aud looked into tbo \ Tjj liolf.opon blue oyni, and npoko bia name. bm j Hours and hours olio knelt then, all *? her young life ebbing from bur, at oho ? ijbjtansd to his motnn of mortal nn|ruUli, ? and, al iritervoU, hit inrohrreiit wn-iiii'riiiRn. ? ,'Thev wproof ncliool toini'tii.i'M. Soinetiincs ? 'of that awful timi-— (hnl, day in Ijomlon nni' ? iiU terrible roiisoaunicm. ?'' I -will giro Iho ? iionrloe of my Ufa to iho clnirnh and my ? ;f»llow-crealurot, Oiler. 1 will giro mv life I ;for the Ufa 1 havo Utrni but will my I itacrifloe bo nocaptod f ' Ho re|-i-aUMl thin w I many timw, anrt III* volw me to |iitifuHii tin 1 iht«niH- angultli that they who Hooil arouml 1 — strong men though llii-y wurn— wopt. | Bulh did not wwp. Hlie liitriwd t-i pvi-ry word with jiularlost anxioty, for nho knew that toon »ho would novor hear liis voioo again. Sometimes lie firake of her. Now ?he know how murti be loved her, mid with all Iho doiolallon of hor lifu round ntionl ami before her, liw eyas briglitrnod witli pleasure at tbo limrd. Tlien, again, it was of tho time when lie lay maliiiod nnd Unilsod m tho bnth after his fall. 'Tlio same doalli. It Is meet find just. God exacts tlio rigid satisfaction— death for death .' For n few momenta before ho iliivl, con- scloumesi came back to him. He recognlsml Ruth and looked ill her wltli a look of snrli enlcful, tcodor lovo from thow lilno cyw, dark with llio slindow ot pain, and -lim wilb Uio nearness of doalli, that In all Imr after life she thanked God for it— for that uiw look. ? ? 