TURF GOSSIP. Bv Falcon. A very plousant afternoon was spent. at 1'ioni- inglon on Saturday la.it, whon tho annual limit Club Meeting was bold. It was a very enjoyable afternoon, and the club received a fair share of patronage, a large number coming towards tlio conclusion of the first hour ; at one period it looked very much like rain, but fortunately it descended not ; much as it is needed, it would have been received as a very unwelcome visitor. At first Lite paucity of visitors was put .down either to the apathy of the people, or to the sus picious overcast of tho weather ; but a3 the at tendance increased so rapidly later ou, it would seem probably owing to the impossibility of busi ness peoplo being ablo to get away so early. There are some persons who cry out for an early commencement, but it does not outer their con sideration that there arc many perhaps who arc auito unable to leave their business until some lime after the hour ot noon. Uxporiencc tells us that the greater portion of our citizens would he better served if the races were not appointed to take place so early, and when once on the ground it can matter little whether the last race is set for 5.15 p.m. or 5.45 p.m. ; and so satisfied am I that the multitude would be served by their commencing later in tho day that I shall advise the secretary of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Ciuh to try the effect of it. If it does not please it will bo easy enough to return to the old timo, and tbo secretary will have been guilty of no great crime in trying to oblige tho larger in place cf the smaller number of his patrons. Tho Flcmiugton course would bo all the better for a little rain, the dryness of the season having loft its mark there, although the lawn is not affected, that portion of the grounds maintaining its verdant greenness against all odds. Tho Handicap Iluifilo Race brought out a very good field of horeca of the moderate divi sion, the cracks being supposed to ho kept back for some of tho good tliiigs to be contended for later on. On public form Rhesus was entitled to tbe; preference, and it wa> only reasonable that iio should have been nude the first favorite,' which his condition did not warrant, for ho was very much above himself, and was exciting him self to tho utmost to keep pace with his field tho first timo passing tho stand. The race was a vory easy victory for Black Princo, who woit as ho pleased. " In fact, I never saw a Hurdlo Race won much easior. The winuor is a thoroughbred horse, being by Prince William from Daphne, by Harold, her dam Filagree by Comrade, grand dam Patiina by Gil Bias out of Flora M'lvor by Rous'3 Emigrant. Trincc William was bred in New South Wales by Mr. Charles Roberts, and is by Doctor (imp.) from Cruci fix, by St, John (imp.), and goos back to tbo Langar and II lack lock blood. So ho is not n badly bred one. . Don Pedro by Don Giovanni is young on the stage, and as a tlireo-year-old ran four nnsuccessful fiat races in Gippstand in one of which, carrying 7 st. 9 lb., ho ran a dead boat with Marshall, 9 st. 6 lb., but was beaten in the run off. For a Novice over hurdles ho ran a very rospectable race, and with another year over his head may recoup his owner for alt tho money ho has expended on liim. Marie boiled as she al ways does when sho gets tho opportunity. The' Corinthian Race was a gift to Pirate, who, when running in Tasmania, was bolter known as Rich mond. I take it he is the Richmond by Horatio from Midnight, by Erebus, hor dam Matilda, by Be.sborough, g d Ro3a, by Dolivar, g g d Kate, by Sbeik (Arab). It certainly is strange tbat horses considered moderate or worthless in Tasmania should come over hero and run so differently, it it be not owing to tho system of training I fail to knew to what to ascribe it. When Pirate heat Sea King lie beat a fast lior.se, although I cannot think SealCingliasanyparlialityforhoavy weights. Terrific, too, is not a bad weltor liorso and be ran third only. When the gentlemen riders bad to turn out a second timo in tho Hunt Club Cup,- they did not in tho lca3t ob. joet to it. Indeed, somo thought it rather a good joltc. It was an unfortunate tiling for tho ownor ot tho first lioreo, and particularly so as be did not secure the vic tory at! the second timo of asking. It was a woll and pluckily ridden race, and tire riders well deserved the encomiums passed on their horse manship. Nimbook i'b some two and twenty years old, so ho well deserved tho honors wrcstod from him. tho second timo. Syphon is tho most unfortunate of horses, for out of tcu races he has won but onco, and tbat was on tbo 1st January 1879, whon lie dofcated Ararat, Greystanes and. olbors,. over Flomington ; bo met a modcralo field, and tbo victory was a little overrated, and ho novor has got a log in front since. It w.ib a 'pity Iidith balked, as she is an activo little in a re. Tlio winner. Young Docoivcr, onro known in itio region of Oolac; and more recently in tho North- eastern district, is an old lund over hurdles, but of bis crth-s-country powers I do not know overmuch, beyond his ouec winning a steeplechase at Kensington Park, where he conqiiorcil Trump, Opposition' and two others, and where lie is rc- tlinied as being by Smolcnsko. Hands Down fell very awkwardly in front of tlio stand, and for a moment I was afraid that his plucky rider bad incl.vt'ilh an accident, and it was a great relief to soo ihim ii:jo unhurt. Nappcr Tandy won tbo Mile Flat .It acq with consummate caso, beating Tli«. Ghost, who was tho favorite, Cantata ami a fair field : Wcou was nowhere, and Josophino took no place, nor did Greyhound. Trout, in tho same stable, is a re markably nice looking horse. Ho is by Angler by Nancy, but why he has done nothing before arriving at matured yoars I know not. 1 expect there are a lot in this race that will finish in front of old Nappcr Tandy some day. Scveii pulled ; out foe the Opon Steeplechase, which was won easily, by Euchre, an own brother to Trutnpolor, | tbo well' known steeplechase horse, being by Vagabond out of Queen of Trumps, by Harold, her dam Duchess by Young Gustavus, grand dam by Whisker. He was bred by Mr. William Pear son, of Kilmany Park, and is two yoars younger than Trumpeter. This is a very activo horse, with j a fine ntrido and free action, and with luck will j one day take high honors in the steeplechase field, i First Love and Postmaster did not perform as | well as might bo expocted ; and Intrepid, to , everybody's astouisliment, foil at the very first fence. The result of tbo Soiling ltaco was a aur- j prise. Then canio the Flying Stakes, which gave ; us a magnificent finish between Prince George ' and Tatiglo, being only just won l>y tlio former. , Tho winner is a magnificent colt, and highly bred, being by Irish King from l'atric, by Gladiatcur | ont of Chcvrettc, by Lauercost out of Nativa, ox Lantcrnc, by ' Royal Oak out ot . Naiad, by Whalebone. Patrio was imported by ! the lato Mr. John Moffat, who has left behind him a lasting benefit to tho colonial turf. Mr. Wbillingham purchased him last January for 150 guineas, at Mr. llryant's annual sale at the Pas toral Hotel. Tangle is a beautiful filly by Ilaw- , tlioriulcn from .Sunshine imported, by Wcallierbit, her datu Furbelow by Cothcretono out of Val- lancoi by Sultan ex Velvet, hyOiseauoul of Wire. This lilly was purchased at Mr. Clibborn's sale last Autumn for 150 guineas. This pair easily : beat, their field. This may be due possibly to their being more forward, though I failed to see anything 1 liked better in the others, although Soipio, Sir Charles, Sinking Fund and one or two others will bo heard of later on. From tlio way ho came at the ond Prince George must be bard to boat for Hie Maribyrnong Plate, should ho continue to improve. i Saturday was tho anniversary of tho first Champion Race, which was ran on Saturday, 1st October, 1S59, whon the Flying Ruck was the returned winner over Zoo, Nutwith, tho Now ' Zealand Strop, 10, Mis3 Rowo and many others loo numerous to mention. That was a great day, and tlio attendance on tlio course— >0,009— was considered an immenso one, so largo that peoplo were for ever talking of it for long after. There was no Melbourne Cup in those days and the stand stood on the river sulo, near the bridge. The hill, which was freo and unforced, was crowded with peoplo. mtich more so than it was on Saturday last. Yceml, who redo tho Ruck on that occasion, was on the cotirso on Saturday, and is now better known as tho very successful trainer of Intrepid and Blue Ilibbon. 1 Very shortly the nominators for Hie annual Bendigo Jockey Club meeting will liavo to ho i thought' of, for they clono on Thursday, 20th Octobor. As the programme is a very liberal ono, and the nominations low, it is to bo hoped that the entries will ho numerous. No one can say that the programme is not varied, for there is something of all sorts --jumping races, selling races and a trot. Tho Williamstown Racing Club have decided to hold their noxt meeting on .Saturday, 21th De cember, when, let 113 hope they will have a sue- cessful meeting, as they arc certain to do. Tho programme has not vol been issued, but no doubt it will soon be placed before tho public. Wil liamstown has long furnished a nice little off-day meeting, and many pleasant littlo gatherings havo boon bold there, and let us hope more are to follow. Thi3 meeting will make Christmas very merry, as there is a meeting on oilhersido of Christmas day in tho home circuit. Rooeaccio Pari; races take place to-day. Tho programino is a mixed one, and the prizes not largo. As an onting it may, liowo7er, be rocom- ; m'onded, especially .13 it is a pleasant neighbor, j booJ. ' I Unfortunately Monitor was entered for four races at tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club mooting at tlio age of 4 years in place of 5 years, and as it cost 2 sovereigns to amend tbo mistake for each raco, bis owner dccidod to amend bis entry for tho Windsor Handicap and scratch for the bllicrs. ' Tattersall's .Club Cup, to he ran on tho Rand- wick courso on Now Year's day, consists of 5C0 ' sovs., with a sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, two' miles. Nominations must lie mado on Thursday, 20th October, and the weights arc to appear on tho 23lh November.. This is an excellent prizo, and notwithstanding Caulfield and Flomington are bidding for tho beat horses on Boxing' day aud'New YoaV's day, it wilt assist to kbop many at home though it may take hut few from us. As tho first day of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club Races and the general entry for the Victoria ItacoClub Spring Meeting fall ou one and the same day, Thursday, 10th October, it will be as well for pwnors and trainers te make their entries for tlio V.R.C. mooting the day prior, or Wednesday, 12th inst.'; it can. make bub little difference actually, oxcepting with those whoso habit it is . to procrastinate. There' will be a wire laid on lo tlio course at Caulfield, in a conspicuous and handy place in the paddock, so that those who wish to niter or stop an ontry can do so ; and 1 do hope, that all owners will bear this in mind. Tlio. Minister of Railways has very generously complied with tho wishes of the committee and members of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, in granting excursion fares on all tho linen, from tho 12th to tho 17th inst., in order to give our sporting friends an opportunity of Boeing tlio Caulfioid Guineas and Caulfield Cup ruu. Il is anticipated that a largo number of persons in the country will take advantage of the opportunity to visit this mooting, which is causing so much cxcitomeut in the racing world. Tho Launccston Turf Club havo announced (heir intention of holding their annual race meeting on the 22nd and 23rd February. Tlio programme will consist of a Maiden Plate, 25 sovs.; Two-year-old Ilaco, 75 sovs.; Launco3lon Cup, 100 sovs.; Now Chum Handicap, 50 sovs.; Selling Hurdle Race, 50 sovs.; Mowbray Hurdlo Raco, 00' sovs.; l'.T.C. Handicap, 100 sovs. ; Steeplechase, 100 sovs, ; AH- Aged Stakes, 50 sovs. ; Wolter Handicap, 50 sovs.; I'rco Handicap, 50 sovs. The timo for taking nominations has yet to be dccidod upon, but tlio weights are not to appear until after tlio Geolong mooting, and tlio winner of the Ilobarb Cup will bo ponaliaed 14 lb. Mr. N. It, I>. Bond lias been appointed hand Dapper. Mr. Mayo lias commenced proceedings against tbo Australian Jockey Club for disqualifying him. Tho proceedings are lukon in accordance , with a lato amendment in tlio equity law of Now i South Wales. Boxes liavo heoti secured at Mi'choll's Race- courso 'Hotel for SavAnaka, First Water and f'opa?. These will ho Accompanied from Adolaiiio by tlioir trnincr, J. Hill. ' Now that tbo palieo liavo received strict orders to keep tho pathways clear, . tho motalliciauu, or ho hangers-on outside Tatlorsatl's in Bourlto. ("treat, must look out that llicy are not run in. It is not to ho surprised nt, for tho crowd there frequently does block tho street. If it was an oc casional instance, nothing would have been said about it, but il lias become a constant practice, O'Brien, tlio jockey, lias been engaged to rido for I'hil Hey wood's stable. Tho Victorian Trotting Clnb have accepted a tender for t he construction of a trotting track oq their grounds at Elsternwiclc. Excursion tickets will be issued on all tho lines from the 12th lo the 17th insl., so that our : country friends will ho able to attend the Caul field races. Tho uiaro Puff, who lias not been a fortunato pnrchaso for hor present owner, lias broken a small bono in the region of her thigh. It is wip. posod to havo happoued through getting cast in her box. Brighton Park entries must bo mado on Mon day noxt, at the office of Mr. Jenkins, Kirk's Bazaar, before four p.m. A handsome illuminated address has been pre sented lo Mr. Matthew Bryant, of Cairn Curran, by tho members of tho Maryborough and Caris- brook Club, as a tokon of regard, and for tlio assistance ho has rendered the club for many years, ho having acted iu tile capacity of judgo for a long time past. Tho 7'n smanian Moil says At last tlio groat Woodlands Stud Distribution lias taken place, and an inllucntial committee ot gentlemen arranged und satisfactorily carried out tho dis tribution ou Monday last. There were under 2000 shares taken, so that Mr. Page determined lo tako up the balance, and risk tho chance of losing tlio most valuable of I113 stud. Out of tho 31 prizes, Mr. Pnge secured 20 of the ni03t valu able, including Horatio and tho best mares. Two or three of tho young stock went lo Vic toria. Mr. W. Andrews secured Elsinorc, Mr, 1". Baker Tatters, and Mr. D. Marshall, of Soroll, a good youngster, klucli satisfaction was ex pressed at the result, aud Mr. Pago was warmly congratulated on nil sides on his good forluuo. ' I helicvo ho intends to sell out most of the mares and only retain half-a-dozcu of the best. _ Major's acceptance for the Caulfield Cup ar rived too late. There are still 43 colts and fillios left in tlio Maribyrnong Plato, all the principal stables boing represented. All these remain good until tho day before the race, when the half-forfeit has to ho declared to tho V.R.C. secretary. From tho lutmkors recorded wc may rest ccrtaiu of having n very largo field at the post. Tattersall's committee met 011 Wednesday and decided that all bets on tho Ifuni Club Cup stood, the first run not boing admitted to be tlio race. Rumor has reacbod us to the effect that Darri- well is scratched for the Melbourne Cup. What a pity wo did not know it in time ! Iiut the letter informing us that Mr. A. II. Simmons, of the London Itotol, was prepared to .sell " champagne" by, the glass, over tlio counter, at the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting, did not roach 11s until the meeting was over. Should Mr. Simmons occupy a booth at tlio coming meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club nt Caulfield next week, and is prepared lo do tlio same thing, I hope ho will give us timely notico of his intention, which wc, in turn, will proclaim to the public, with any other pleasing innovation that ho may be prepared with. The second forfeit of 5 sovs. for tlio Mclhourno Cup must be declared on Thursday, 13th Octo ber, at tlio office of the secretary of the V.R.C. ; but as tlio Y. A.T.C. races commcnco that day, it would bo wiser to do 30 on the day prior. Those anxious to start for the Caulfield Cup havo to dcelaro tho same and pay 5 sovs. on or before 11 a.m. on Wednesday, 12lh October. Mr. Richard Itouso is said to have purchased ! Sling', by Grandmaster, for 300 sovs. Ho is half biotbor to Waxy. Mr. Fitz- Wcntworth, has purchased Sauntorcr for 200 guineas. Master A vends name was accidentally omitted from the acceptances for the Caulfield Cup. His woi"I>t is 7 st. 121b. Plans have been prepared for altering lliclbind- wick course. Tho track is widened all round Mia first turn pastllm winning post and runs out to wards and close to tho tan gallop, thou it goos to tho left or behind the lmlf-milo post and comes into the original course closo te tho Ihrcc- furlong : post, so tbat the last turn is thereby much im proved. Tho courso avoragos a chain aud a : quarter in width, and is stilt a uiileuud a quarter i all round. | Tlio Australian Jockey Club is said lo havo I mado it profit of £1371 at tho spring meeting, | against £300 in the previous year. It is said tbat tho steeplechase liorso Eucliro ; has clionped hands. | Tho sale of booths for the two days mooting of ! the Victoria Amateur Turf Club on Thursday and ! Saturday, 13th and 15lk Octobor, will tako place - I on Monday next, at ICirk's Bazaar, at tlio hoar of- j noon. There will bo two booths sold in the I saddling paddock, and tho right to creel a luncheon tent and another booth on tho Oat. The' Masters of the Melbourne Ilouhds and Pindon Harriers met on Monday and handicapped tlio horses for tho Findon Harriers' Gold Cup, to bo run at Caulfield on tlio 15th inst. Tkoy de clined to recognise Scotchman and Eucliro as legi timate hunters, and did not therefore handicap tlioso horses. Tho Ballarat Summer Meeting has been fixed for 20th and 28th December. Tho programme will shortly be published. I Lamond tho trainer, arrived from Sydney on , Thursday lost, bringing with him Wbealcar, : Spinningdalc, Primrose and Zulu, all of which are located at the Prince of Wales Hotel, Fleming- ton. In the match for 100. sovs. asido botweon Assyrian and Totnlisator, run at Adcluido last wcok, the former .won comfortably. A meeting of tho Victoria Racing Club will be held on (lie 27th inst. when the following propositions will bo put to the meeting; — 1. "That an Official Racing Calendar-lie published monthly by the V.R.C." 2. "That the committee submit tho following new rule toa special goooral mooting, to bo cnllcd for the purpo30 of considering tho . same, before tho ensuing Spring Mooting:— Rule; "The rulc3 of tho V.Il.G. sliall apply to nil meetings held under the control of the V.lt.O., or advertised in tlio Official Raoittg Calendar to bo held subject to tlio V.R.C. rules. If a horso run at any meeting in Victoria which is not so advortiscil, or where tlio snid rules shall not bp iu forco, ho is perpetually disqualified from run ning upon tho Flomington courso. Tho committee of tlio V.R.C. may, at their discretion, prohibit tbo advertisement of any meeting iu the Ofiioial Racing Calendar. '" 3. " TImt no raco shall bo run upon the Flcmiugton racecouree (0 which loss than £50 is added." Mr. Frank Madden officiated as judgo at tbo lata meeting of tbo Molbourno Hunt Club. In turf, the obituary is the announcement of tiio doatli of Toeal, who carriod the colors of Sir IIerculc3 Robinson so frequently to viotory; At tho time of his death Tocat was tho property of Mr. A. F. Sullivan, anil was serving mares in'a paddock on his station, aud it appears that ho broke bis leg in a quarrel with another horso in tho paddock. Riuce Mr. A. 8. Chirnside becatno mnstor of tlio Ballarat hounds, lie has won the golden opinions of ail persons living in tho goldon City and around it, and it is with much pleasure I obserro that lie was entertained nt dinucr by the monibors of his hunt after tbo Hunt Club Meeting. Mr. M. Loughliii, a thorough sportsman, was' proiicrly placod iu tho chuir, and confronting liim was Mr. Agar Wynne, who has given good uervioo in' Aho cause. Mr. G. Ruuscl, Mr. 0. 0. Morion, Mr. II. Orr, Mr. I!. Hepburn nnd many others were present. Mr. B. Hop- hum expressed his intention of giving 100 guineas next year to a Hunters' Stakes. Mr. lartin Loughlin promised to give another cup, und Mr. G. U. Morton volunteered 00 guineas Cor a stake to bo called the Labona Oup. Other donations will come in, thus establishing the Ballarat-Hunt Club on a sure and lasting footing. Tho members presented their master with a hand- sotuo gold mounted hunting whip, which Mr. Chirnsido duly acknowledged. Wo some tiiuo r.go mentioned that several trotters had arrived in Sydney, having been im ported by Dr. Weir. They consist of Vermont Junia, a«cd, by Vermont, tlio dam being by General Taylor ; Priinoro, nlso aged, by Hlrno, dam Bracelet, by David Hill ; Crazy Jano, 5 sis., by Carr's Mambrino, dam by Vormont ; Boatrico W., d yrs., by Mnmbrino, dam Ida May;' Lady Fleetwood, 5 yrs., by Mambrino; Mountain Maid, 4 yrs., by Elino ; Lady Light foot, 4 yrs., by Mam brino ; Walter Scott, 3 yrs., by Mambrino, his dam by Owen Dale : Santa Clara, jun., by Owen Dale ; Huttio Weir and Stridcaway, by Elmo. These aro all said to bo bred on tho best American trotting Hues. Spiouingdalo was out on tho training ground yesterday morning looking very well, but rather irritable nnd fractious. Dontiy Sullivan lias docidcd to givo up training and adhere to riditig again. So anyone wanting a really first- class trusty rider will do well to secure his services. Sullivan lias always been known as one of our ablest jockeys, aud ho pos sesses the raro gift of being able to ride at handi cap' weights, which is a great advantage. Ilia lowest weight 'is 7 st, 7 lb., and lfi3 address Remington. 