THE ROCK. PETER SIMPLE thinks my letters rtr. tu.') long, or cInu I am writing t'»r- nfton. ^Ltihen: it not n.-mti a change ho will not have u uch evw tocmu plain of tuy writing, for if those noisy orSckntnrs Keen frvauontintr (hn Rnnk I will not ho able to write much. Tho din they tnako is such thai it i« impos- iibtn for mo to write, Perhaps now, they havo been twico beaten, tln!-- iiihV think they have had enough oiit, and bo give over lor the present, 1 for ono wiil liuL ho hjliy if such bo tho case. The weather though dry is now getting very cold with heavy frost* at »i(f!iL T-i« dry wuatlior is vury bad for those who Imvo new ground to plough. If rain docs not soon como c\vm . will bo very Into here, nnd we do not like to havo late sown crnpH. One good thing for us is that grass is both Jgot-d mid plentiful, and unless fiotno. tin foreseen circumstance nrisc! will lie sullicicnt to laNtthrougli onl tho winter. We wcro in hopuN Hfnnctliinjfjft'ould bo dono lo our mails before tho winter, but ko fur nothing }\tm neon done. Jit is roally a Him. no thnt both the Rock Flnt and Spring Flkt Creeks aro without bridxos. ' I ri^poBo when a fow livos are lost ihou u'o umv got (ho civoK'h bridged. ? H in Maid that in Iroland insui'&noo; cninpauiuii will not nssuro tho livvH of any landed proprintor, hut I think (lie worst laiiiifnnl in Ireland is wifiii' thnn our mhilinanV will be in the wint'ir iiidiiIIih with the roads ns tlmy are at pn'smil. 'J'he Czir'ol RuHsia in also snid to occupy an tiiionvinljli! position, yut i! im pru forabl'e to the carrior of hue Miijunly's mail botwuuu Cooma nnd Niinity bcllo. Tlin t^ia iiidcltng ami concert at Nimitybiillo wen) in nil r-!Hpi!cl.H an iinquaiifiiv! sucvuhr. All ndinit thnt both in attundancc and in tih'iit il was the linoNt evur saen in this town. Tliif. in a large moasiiiu wax owiiig to tho Cit'nina contingRiil. AO.nr the concert thn 1ov..-ih of naltalion in dulged till So'clocle, when all, iivcn the most ardent, hud to cry, ' Mold enough.' Ono thing, tho 2+th May, 1881, will be long ruinutiiburcd in Nimitybolle. A feianA of mino. hanur )mn)ifni himsiilf, nuked niatu solid you thu . following in hopes you might find room for it, Ho calls it Ouii Onoiu. Tlieru'H Jain) S jphia and Anuia Maria witli Oliadmli, And Zetlubinli in ourclmir, Aim Juiiii Mipiiiii Bojiniiiu aiiign no ingn you'd think liur voiua had wing* To uonr nlnivii all lurllily tilings, wlion xliu louils off nil Nmidny. Wliilu Anna Maria'salloclioioo rings out in sunli liiii'inomuiiu roi'co, That liiniora in Iho cliurch i-ujoiuu, and winU liliu'd niir{ till Mundny. Tlion Ouadiuli'i lmV-r hi^ii is nnsnrpostoil lionoath Ilio sky, Just hosr him sinu ' Swnol by anil by,' nnd you will sit in womlor. While /odokinii'H lians prufoiiml if,-en down so low it jam llm ground, And wakos llm oclioi'S inilun aroiiinl like iliHlant rolling UimiiUr. Thoru's Jane Sophia and Anuia Maria with Obadlah, And Zodoltiali in our clmir ! On Tnis WlNO, — That onr cricket ers, if they got a beating, gave a feed to their conquerors and thurein beat tho victiors, — That people aro vory sorry that tho day proved ho unlucky to Mr. S. 'Myers. — That the Cooma folks en routo for Nimitybello drank freely of our soda water on the 24th. — That Cooina Minstrels in going away from home carry good spirits witli them.— At Totnora they tnako a great to-do about a nugget of ISO ounces, and yet at Pino Valley a piece of doold more than ISO lbs. weight can be found any day. — That a piocc of stone the ttize of an egg obtained at Kydra reel's gavo a table spoonful 6ft gold.— Thai Rock Flat cricketers niust practise more before they can boatj.vc men of Tollbar. — That tho Bulletin is once Moore let in. — That the Victorian police are better able Ho Ferret out lost ships then catch ^bushrangers. — That an exploring party is about to net out for the moon to nee if they can find the lost 70,000.— That the popula tion of they Australian colonies w about 3,000,000.— That tho Hugun dra ghost igayJiavc eaten the miss ing f-opuleljon jtff New South Wales and -Victoria.— Thatall crackers pur chased from Spring wont off -with a bang. — That country correspondents in localizing clippings from Sydney papers should bo -Sarefu1.— That one of the Rock Fjat cricketers is a ' hot'an.' f ' Tom Brown. Tho -weather in Cooma has been very cold and gloomy ; rain fell on Sunday up to Tuesday; There was heavy rain in Sydney on Saturday. Aldeuues v. Ratepayer— A naBty. accident befell Mr. David Montgomery, builder &nd; contractor, in Vale-street; -Cooma, on Monday night whilst going ho.nc. The night was rainy and dark. Valc-strcet U full of ruts and boulders near Mr. Montgomery's residence, and he fell over ono of the rocks, dislocating or straining severely his shoulder, and cutting and bruising his lip. Surely, the aldermen will bestir themselves to mend their ways to avoid a repe tition of such accidents, and com pensate Mr. Montgomery fo'r the in jury he has sustained through their negligence. The Municipal District of Cooma is bound to keep the. streets in a prtjper state of repair, and in law are, responsible for mis haps arising through neglect of their duties, 