BROADBRIM'S iViilK YORK LETTERS. Among tlio most delightful as well as in structive of the ancient nursery rhymes, is the story of a little woman " who went to market her eggs for to sell," but, being fatigued, she fell asleep by the wayside, when a villainous pedlar by the name of Stout, talcing a despicablo advantage of her unprotected position, cut oft such a portion of her under-garments, that when she awoke, sho was in doubt as to her own personality, and had to rely upon her little dog's tail to establish the fact of her identity. The moral of this admirable allegory is found in the case of Theophilus Youngs, to which I made slight ruference a couple of weeks ago. Theophilus Youngs was married to a wife; now 1 don't mention this as an exceptional case, for many other fellows had married wives before him; in fact, I don't know that 1 ever heard of a man marrying anything else but a wife ; but Thoophilus' case was exceptional. Of all the entities and non entities on this planet, Mrs. Young was an individual of which Mr. Youngs stood most in fear; so one day, about twelve years ago, Theophilus vanished from sight, and four days after, his cold " corpus" was picked up, floating in Boston harbor. Twelve honest citizens sat on the body, and although it was evident that the chemical action of the salt water had turned his hair from a dirty mown to a bright and shining red, they pronounced it a case of felo de se, and so consigned him to the eartii. The widow donned crape, and put a killing little frill m front of her hat, as a standing advertise ment that Mr. Youngs, having now departed, the property was now open to a new lease. Aside from this, there was a little matter of estate belonging to the late Theophilus, valued at 20,000 dols., upon which the tearful widow Y. desired to administrate, and applied for letters accordingly ; but there was a lion in the path in the shape of a wicked brother, who wished to gain pos session of his brother's ducats by producing a bill of sale, executed before his brother disappeared, and which, if true, left the. widow out in the cold; aud, moreover, he claimed that hia brother was not only not dead, but, on the contrary, very much alive, and, if given time by the court, lie would produce him in propria persona, which being liberally interpreted, means body and boots. They went oil with the iiBual amount of hard swearing on both sides, aud just in the nick of time, when the widow seemed 011 the point of winning her case, to the great horror and surprise of everybody iu the court, in walked the man who had been dead and buried over twelve long years. Now, if there had been any legitimate ground for doubt ing his demise, his sudden appearance would not have been so surprising, but there was not. The coroner said I10 was dead, the jury said he was dead, the undertaker was cer tain that he was dead as several door nails, while the grave-digger roundly asserted that nothing short of Gabriel's horn would evor disturb his repose. In addition to the above testimony, in the cemetery rose a tombstone recording the virtues of the deceased, and stating the fact that he had departed this sublunary sphere October 7th, 1868, aged 32 years, 6 months and 17 days. Under those circumstances, for him to appear in court, and that in opposition to his wife, was not only startling but indecent, and it is not at all surprising that Mrs. Youngs refused to acknowledge such a disreputable ghost. She sworo by tlia big book that she had never seen him before, while witnesses on the other side as stoutly averred that he was the veritable Thcophilus. Threats of in dictment for perjury, and other high crimes, began to fly around, and in the midst of the fight Theophilus disappeared for the second time, and now is gone, 110 man knoweth whither, and the question is now being seriously debated "if he wasn't a ghost after all." The present is the choice season of Art exhibitions, and the display of holiday goods is something marvellous. Jt is not a doll or two, or a few bundles of toys, that will not satisfy the public, but the windows of some of our large stores are fixed up at a cost of hundreds, and in some cases, thou sands of dollars. The most elaborate land scapes, magnificent drawing-room scenes from fashionable life, and fashionable life, are represented. The furniture, although in miniature, is as fine in its upholstery and finish, as if it was made for a lady's boudoir, and the costumes, as far as beauty and style are concerned might have been designed by Worth, or somebody equally famous. Our Metropolitan Museum in Central Park is one of the places in the city to which every visitor here should make a pilgrimage. It is in just such institutions as this that the true education of a people is formed. While the statuary may not be the finest that ever came from the sculptor's chisel, there are many things that challenge the highest ad miration. Rhenhart's Latona and her children " is a noble work. Everything" that is beautiful and pure in motherhood and in fancy is enshrined in that glorious marble. The sweet look of maternal solicitude and love, and the peaceful calm and trust of the little sleepers in her lap, may perhaps have been equalled, but I doubt if it has ever been surpassed. Two statues by Powers, two by Storey, and Polexina by Connelly, are worthy of especial attention. The history of Mr. Connelly illustrates the possibilities of our American life. Having a taste for the line arts, he lost no opportunity for improve ment; and, after years of trial, his reward came at last, and to-day his Poiexina finds a resting place iu the grandest museum of American art on the continent. Many of the collections l}ave been wonderfully im proved since I noticed tho Museum three years ago. Then it occupied its old quarters on Fourteenth-street, and the Gyprian col lection of Gen. Cesnola was exciting a great and unusual interest. This marvellous exhi bition is no less wonderful than it was the dav it was opened. Made up of the oldest jewels and curiosities which now exist on the face of tlle earth, it never seems to grow old. The collection of Ceramics ia especially in teresting, many of the articles being very beautiful and unique. Amongtfye collection of Cyprian jewels, are a number of little rolls or amulets, some of them about an inch long; the substance of which they are composed is a dark agate, and they are covered all oyer with hieroglyphics. The characters are the oldest known to fcho human family. Yet the gloom of this long night has been pierced by human genius, and these mimic histories have been unravelled and laid bare after mouldering in the dust of ages. The Metropolitan Art Museum is the only place in New York where the art student can study some works of the great masters. In aid of this portion of the exhibition, the citizens of New York have nobly assisted with what is known as the loan collection; that is, private individuals having choice pictures, loan them for a tinio to the public. This keeps the gallery constantly replenished with new pictures, while the valuable pic tures of the permanent collection are always welcome friends. It is in the vicinity of this building that tho Obolisk is to bo reared, and tho inclined plane up which it is to bo carried, and the immense derrick upon which it is to bo swung into its place, art)already in position, awaiting tho arrival of Her Imperial Highness Needle, which is coming along slowly, and 1 confess for niysolf I shall not feol perfectly oasy till I soo it fixed in its place. Just now we are busy getting ready for Santa Oiaus, and I can assuro you that tho way the toy men aro " putting up tho job," it is a pretty serious matter- dolls at fifty dollars apiece, miniature steam engines, almost equal to the price of a respectable locomotive. "Tilings are not as tlioy used to was." I recollect the timo when children wero satisfied if they awoko on Christmas morning, and found in their stockings a half pound of candy, an India-rubber ball, a jack knife, aud1 a couple of dozen marbles, whilo a twonty-livo cent. doll, a picture book and a hoop was a mine of wealth to a girl-not so now. A boy expects to find a gold watch and a pair of diamond studs at least, and a girl will hardly give you thanks for anything loss than diamond'earrings and a piano. Santa Glaus has a big job on his hands this year, aud I hardly know how ho is going to come out. Businoss in all kinds of Christmas ar ticles is good, and all of our large mercan tile houses able to look at tho balance-sheet of their ledgers with comparative satisfac tion. Tho weather is cold and clear, and tho streets aro as dirty as usual. Yours, truly, BROADBRIM. 