fhe^*riifiiflgttUetinf KOCK IIA M I'TON. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 4, ISSI. THE Transcontinental Railway scheme comes up for consideration now, under thc light of tile views expressed upon il by our two leading statesmen. It has taken a decided advance into the region of practical politics. Just before the Parliament rose the Leader of the Opposition taunted the Ministry with having receded from their former position in regard to it. At Gympie, after dis- coursing upon it, he said, " he doubted very much whether much more would be heard about it." The speech of the hon. the Premier in the School of Arts here, removed all doubts that may have lingered in the minds of anyone upon the matter. The Ministry are not only not afraid to promote but are determined to proceed with it as sson as they can get the chance. The reason why they did not go on last session of Parliament, was because they had no proposition before them in regard to it. We have it clearly deter- mined, therefore, that the Government arc only wailing the lender of con- I tractors on thc other part to enter into an agreement. They are desirous of promoting this great undertaking, because they are confident it will promote the | material interests of the whole colony. As the scheme is to meet willi thc opposition of Mr. Griffith, and in all likelihood of his party, it becomes our duty lo examine, as fir as we cm dis- cover them, the reasons for his hostility. It is clear, we think, he does not object toaTransconlinental Railway. Our junior member objects to it because he con- ceives it will take away from Rockhamp- ton the back-country trade we have been striving and slnyglin^ for so long ; for which we have been pushing out our ' railway inlo the " Never, never " country : anil on which be conceives the very existence of Rockhampton depends. Thc hon. gentleman al the head of the Opposition does not appear lo be troubled willi any such apprehensions. "Ile expressed no opinion on the policy of a railway to the Gulf. Ile had always been in favour of railways. Ile believed in railways, not only to the interior, but also in thc settled districts of thc colony." The considerations thal weigh with our com- munity in opposing the Transcontinental Railway scheme do not seem to have had any infinen<-e on the mind of Mr. Griffith. His opposition proceeds on different grounds. " He had nothing to ' say against the proposal to make a railway to the Gulf, as an abstract principle, but the proposal was nfJt simply to make a railway to the Gulf, but to allow some gentlemen of great respectability, and with the command of great wealth, to construct a railway, which, when constructed, would belong to themselves, and would be run by them in opposition to the Government railways from the eastern seaboard ; and in consideration of their doing that the colony ivas lo make these gentlemen a present of territory twenty millions of acres in extent." It will be seen that there are two objections involved in this statement. They are quite clear and comprehensible, but the weight that is to be attached to them is a matter that upon due consideration of all the circum- stances. Each elector must determine for himself. The first of Mr. Griffith's objections is that, as the Transcontinental Railway would belong to the syndicate, it would be worked by them to the detriment of our colonial railways. We miist confess we cannot see how this would be the case. If any one will look at the map ot Queensland, showing thc route of the proposed transcolonial line, they will see that the Government railways ought to command to the cast'of Mitchell, Blackall, Mutta- burra, and Hughenden. Does any one suppose that, if the Government railways arc economically managed, squatters and merchants in these towns should not be able to export more cheaply from our eastern ports than (rom the Gulf. Rail- ways, from which it is not necessary to make a profit, ought to be worked more cheaply than those on which a company of shareholders have to be paid dividends. If wc might judge from the complaints that appear from time to time of the unsatisfactory charac- ter of the traffic arrangements on our State lines, thc Railway Department would be all the belter of healthy com- petition. Our lines command the best portion of the colony ; if the private railway drew away any portion of the trade from it, theil the managers of the Slate railways would be to blame. In competing with the private line they would have many advantages, and they must be very badly worked, indeed, if they do not completely prevent any Trans- continental linc securing colonial traffic from other country than that to the west of it, and around the Gulf of Carpentaria. The Transcontinental Railway and thc colonial railways will compete for traffic, and the former will prove of great advantage in stimulating the economical management of the latter. Both systems will have to be worked on the cheapest principles, and of that the public generally will reap the advantage. Then, Mr. Griffith thinks it would be wrong to give the syndicate twenty millions of acres of land as a bonus for making thc railway. This point may be looked at in various ways. Is it worth while for this colony, in order to stimulate settlement, and promote the opening up of the country, to give twenty millions acres oftond ofcomjjara the colony to give twenty millions of acres of land, from which it derives almost no revenue, in order to secure the introduction and expenditure imme- diately of eight millions sterling in the colony. It is just a question of whether the prospective advantages of the forma- tion of the great trunk line, and expendi- ture of the money necessary to ils construction, are worth the proposed land grant. Mr. Griffith admits that a great part of the laud of the interior is wasted, and thc community must con- sider whether it would not be well spent in purchasing a useful railway. Another thing that must bc considered in this connection is the enhanced value that would be given to thc public estate in the vicinity of thc line. It would prevent the " Never never" country from being wasted. Land at present to be had for an old song might soon be worth ten or twenty shillings an acre. Upon consideration, we think it will be admitted, lhere is not so much after all, in the objections of thc Leader of the Opposition to the Transcontinental Railway. They will not stand strict examination, and we are afraid he must find others more substantial if his hostility is to be fatal to it. THOMAS Mourns, of Rockhampton, labourer, has been adjudged insolvent on Iiis own peti- tion ; the first meeting of creditors iu thc estate being fixed for November 10. IlARmNcEiiS of 1SS2 aro already malting their appearance. Among the first of tlieBc is a beautifully illuminated al m au ic from Mr. \V. Munro, East- street. The calendar, in little rustie rectangular spaces, is enshrouded in elegaut surroundings of flowers and sylvan sprays. Roses, dark rod, blush, and yellow ; Forget-me-nots of heavenly blue; None-so pretty, and wildings of tho hedgerow are grouped among contrasting greenery. A couple of gaily plumaged fincho* twitter on thc twigs, and butterflies ami hornets add to the lifo and colour of tho picture. The almanac will form a pretty wall ornament, aud be useful fur at least a year. NOTWITHSTANDING the heat, which was very great, Professor Pepper had a nume- rous attendance in tho Theatre Royal last night. After having thoroughly delighted thc spectators with statuary, which many of them «an scarcely hup-, to see again, lu; driel!y told them tho true story of "Pepper's filmst;" allowing how lie, like other inventors, had deen pirated anil mulcted in law costs ; bul how, in spile of the half-a-dozen persons who had cou spired and subscribed to defeat his just rights, thc bird Chancellor of England stated, after hearing thu evidence of such men as Professor Faraday, Sh- stone (the »!v.*U!«ilr;«ii«) Ilia; h.: felt »j hesi- tation wliai ever in allixin.' the li re-it Seal of England to Professor Pepper's uudonl.led inven- tion. Th'-se pnueedings had cost him over £1-00, which were completely lost because thc pirates were not worth powder and shot. However, had he cleared over Cl-2,003 in four months by his "fîhost." Mr. Pepper then exhibited several ghosts, including I'.impio's ; ami gave a very pleasant idea of thc classic story of Pygmalion ami Galatea. The Pro fesBor will give his farawell entertainment ia Rockhampton to-night, when lie will illus- trate, with beautiful experiments, Iiis very groat lecture on " Alchemy and Chemistry." WE understand that tho Q.ltM.S. Almora I tilling up so well at Brisbane that alic will not be able ta take a large quantity of tallow that was ready for her here. She will, however, take wool, bat not all that was reidy (or shipment. MEASLES have been prevalent in the town for some weeks, and appear to bo rather on tho increase. Thc attendance in thc various schools ÍB considerably affected by tho epidemic. However, there is no cause for serious apprehension, os thc disease seldom results in anything worse than a slight fever, and temporary confinement and incon- venience. AT thc Police Court yesterday, before tho Police Magistrate, one drunkard was cautioned and discharged. Nathan Wilson, on remand, charged with tho manslaughter of his daughter, was further remanded till to-day, after further evidence had been taken. A wit- ness named George Bowles was committed to thc lock-up till this morning for refusing to answer a question. In the Small Debts Court case of Egan ». Byan, tho parties con- sented to refer thc matter to Mr. Carl Harden for arbitration. TUE opening of a telegraph olDce says the Courier ai-Muttaburra yesterday marks the -,-l-WOU af «»oJl.«rtlint in Hm /-hain nf communication with tho western country. During the past few weeks lines have been opened from Cunnamulla to Eulo, Blackall to Isisford, Aramac to Muttaburra, and Charters Towers to Hughenden, thus pushing out thc four parallel lines a considerable distance further into thc interior. Queensland is well maintaining thc prominent position she has always held in tho matter of telegraphic com- munication, and considering tho vast distance covered, and tho numerous riaks from fire, flood, and tempest, interruptions are of com- paratively rare occurrence, and when they do arise are speedily repaired. ON Monday night the presentation of an address to Mr, Stanley, late Colonial Architect, (says tho Courier) was made the occasion of a pleasant little social gathering at the Queen's Hotel, Thirteen or fourteen of the present and past members of the staff assembled tn do honour to thc occasion, and Mr. J. II. B. Crawford occupied the chair. Thc Chairman proposed thc health of the guest of the even- ing in eulogistio terms, and Mr. Stanley made an appropriate reply, referring to tho good feeling that had existed in the office, and thc mutual kindaess which prevailed there. Thc address, which was artistically got up at Messrs. Watson, Ferguson, and Co.'s estab- lishment, was surrounded with photographs of public buildings designed by Mr. Stanley- tho Post Office, Museum, Government Printing Office, Registrar-General's Office, Supremo Court (two views), Post and Telegraph Offices, and Police Office. PEOPLE n North Rockhampton who have houses on iand, not their own, must read thc advertiscnonts of land sales. Tho Northern Miner sajs :-" Persons who squat on Govern- ment lands, and never take tho trouble of reading a newspaper, need not be surprised if they find their tenements bought at land sales. Wo hive received a letter describing thc case of me of these " victims " of thc land sale. «? SI« did not see any advertisement in tho local papers, and no notice of any kind \- -«m-pmd lier. Sbo duning t-j-» Unnw whothor she should not have hail notice of the intended sale sent her, or whether it was, under thc circumstances, a legal sale." It is no doubt a hard caso for tliis poor woman, but she has no remedy. She got due notice in the Govcrn mant advertisement which appeared in tho Notifiera Miner on tho ICtli, 18th, 23th, and 27th of October. Anyone taking^np Govern- ment ground in a town should always expect a land sale, and if absent sliould appoint an agent to look after their property. Tho sale is perfectly legal. ^TKSTERDAY waa tho second anniversary of tho establishment of the Rockhampton Licensed Victuallers' Association, and the jovial bonifaces connected with that Society determined upon celebrating thc birthday with an outing. The prominent purveyors of liquids, together 'with a few staunch sup- porters, in all numbering about forty, mot at that well-known picnic king spot-Fairy Bower. After a refresher had been adminis- tered, various pastimes were indulged in. Many engaged in the piscatorial line and were rewarded by catching fish of a suitable size. Others tried their luck with the guu and one of thc civic fathers managed to secure a turkey after sitting on a log for two hours, watching its nest, Another sportsman placed the wad io carefully before thc ammunition, and his brother boniface only discovered there was something wrong when thc gun "wouldn't go off." Everyone was up to time when ono o'clock was called. Thc edibles and drink- ables provided by Mr. Comley in his usual appreciative style, were discussed very well, thc country air having an appetising effect. Thc afternoon was devoted to rifle practice at bottles in which some of the guests exhibited their proficiency as marksmen. Music was provided by the irresistible Dan Briggs with hiss banjo, and a gentlemen who played a concertina. At thc close, champagne was passed round and several toasts were proposed and responded to. The health of the Queen was first toasted, and success to the Association, coupled with thc names of thc President and tho Secretary. Messrs. Vcsperinann and Harry W. Johnson responded. " The Visi- tors " was duly acknowledged by Mr. Henry Johnson and Mr. S. T. Morris, and several other toasts followed. Thc party returned to town shortly after six o'clock, evidently well satisfied with their day's pleasure. A NOTri'iCATiox posted at tho Telegraph nflice yesterday stated that thc lines to Tambo, lilackall, Isisford, and Aramac were down. Tiie telegrams lately received have all come by one linc but the publie have not yet been acquainted by what means communication by other lines has been interrupted. FATAL AIVIIIHST IS IÍIÍISI-.WH.-A fatal accident occurred on Saturday afternoon at the gas worjis. It appears that Mr. Thumas Macnamara, the contractor for the sinking of the well for tho new gasometer, was standing close to where ablast took place, when he was strnck by a large stone, and his legs and thighs were dreadfully shattered, besides other serious injuries being indicted. A blast had just been put iu sonic twenty feet below the surface of the ground upon which the deceased, with two other men, were standing, just over the hole coutaining the blast. In e insentience of the close proximity of thc present gasometer to tho workings, props are put np to prevent thc earth in the space between these falling in, and it was just a foot or two above these stays thc men stood. When thc Mast went off a large stone struck Macnamara, and he fell upon the props, down | between two, and on bis bead below. Dr. Bancroft was on thc spot a few minutes after I tile accident, and pronounced the case hope- I less. Tho man died within au hour, and bis j body was removed to the morgue. Thc deceased had hoon for many years past a contractor iu this colony.-Courter. A LEMON pim SUNSTKOKIÏ.-Thus thc Hauland Mercury :-Our townsman Mr. John Sawyer, is firmly convinced that some months since he was saved from a coining attack of sunstroke by using a lemon. When bc was a young man, in London, he witnessed n case in which two medical students, desiring to remove out of their way in an hotel a helplessly drunken man, brought him tn In's senses with the help of a lemon. Thc man was lying on thc floor, and could bo pashed about without showing the least aign of consciousness. Obtaining a lemon and cutting it iu half, thc young man lifted him by the shoulders, and then rubbed the lemon (cut portion) up and down briskly, behind each ear. After a little time tho man re- covered enough to swear at them, and Btaggcr away from thc inn, homewards. Some months since Mr. Sawyer was cngagud look iug after a building being erected, when he noticed that thc sun was very hot, snd soon he nearly fell down. Dreading a sunstroke, he staggered into thc house, and found a lemon he had seen there, which ho cut in two, and set to work rubbing himself up and down behind each car, as he remembered seeing the medical students do. Tn a very short time all the distressing giddiness left him and he recovered entirely. If a brain trouble can bc lessened by using a lemon in this way, it is a very easy and simple plan, and can at all events do no barm. REVIVAL OF DIVINATÍOK.-A remarkable statement was made by Mr. Denton, at the lecture given by him in the Athenaeum, expressed his belief that there were many persons possessed of so delicate an organisation that they could designate the position of auriferous metals. Ile had no doubt there were many persons in the city who bad that gift, which could be cultivated to such a degree that tho possessor could go over tho ground and point out thc exact spot where mining would pay. Ile related a curious anecdote. About eighteen years ago, in thc United States, he had obtained from a passing visitor a pieco of quartz obtained from Australia, which bc gave to bis wife, who was possessed of this peculiar sensitiveness. She placed thc piece of quartz to her forehead, and then proceeded to describe thc locality from which it was taken, the general features of thc country, thc climate, thc lie of thc quartz vcius, and stated that work must eventually be stopped in thc mine owing to the prevalence nf breaks in thc reef. Mc had Eublished these statements in a work written y him on psychology many years ago, and ho read to the audience thc passages mentioned. Mr. Denton then proceeded to say that when ho arrived in Victoria ho was induced to test the accuracy of his wife's statements. He had been able to ascertain that thc quartz came from a claim near Inglewood, and ; recently, when in thc Sandhurst district, he had visited tho locality and found bis wife's description to bo in all rcspcats wonderfully accurate. Ile also learnt that as a matter of fact tho claim had been abandoned fourteen years ago for the reason 'given by bis wife, thc frequency of breaks in the reef.-Aye. Ouu WKSTKUN CouNTitv.-We are indebted to Mr. Plunkett, who has just returned from a long ovorlaiid trip to the far north-west of this colony, for a few notes of the journey which may Ire of interest to our readers. Mr. Plunkett left lloma on May lil, and travelled through thc townships of Mitchell, Tambo, lilackall. Aramac, Muttaburra, Hughenden, Nulla Nulla, Dalrymple, and to the coast at Townsville, a distance of 1450 miles overland, ¿'rom thc Nive the country there are rich rolling downs for 701) miles, excepting about ten miles at thc Alice River, and Mr. Plunkett believes tho country to bo similar right away into the South Australian territory. Since ho left Roma Mr. Plunkett has not known what it is to be without vegetables ; all thc towns aro supplied with nny amount from Chinese gardens, and o very station produces them, and uuitc as good as can bc obtained in Roma. All thc towns mentioned, except Mitchell and Tambo, appeared to he in a flourishing state, there being no complaints respecting thc scarcity of money. Rations were plentiful, fluir selling at £4 per bag, tea; 3s. per lb.; sugar, 8d. peril).: moleskin trousers, 9s. and cossack boots 10s. Stocttmeu's wages on thc Mindora arc from £2 to £3 per week. Nearly all through thc country there is a great demand for tank sinkers, particularly those with their own plant and tools. Station holders prefer this sort of work to bc done by contract. lu fact, nearly all work on stations is done by contract. From the Lower Flinders in towards thc coast the blacks are pretty lively, and travellers generally provide them- selves with firearms. Mr. Plunkett and his party had to keep watch every night in this locality for fear of hoing speared. One young fellow lost his life by the blacks, close to one of their camps one moruing. Of course the poor blacks " were duly cautioned for their rashness. Mr. Plunkett brings with him seeds of sundry interesting plants he had met with in bis journey. One is thc Burdekin plum, and there are several fine creeping vines, which, it is hoped, will grow in this locality. Wrstcrn Star. THE LOWER HERBERT RIVER.-We are indebted to a private communication for the following interesting particulars concerning the above district. Our correspondent says that after residing at Ingham for a month he was delighted with the climate, having so far had cool breezes all the afternoon and night, with cold mornings and warm forenoons. Con- siderable difficulty was experienced in getting suitable weight carrying horses. Such animals are very dear and the freight from Brisbane to Townsville is six or seven pounds. In addition to this there is a distance of 45 miles to be travelled. The small steamers travelling between Townsville and Ingham carry only passengers and cargo. It is not surprising therefore, that gentlemeu who ride fifteen or sixteen stone deliberate at some length before importing animals from the south on chance. The settlement is a new one, but is being rapidly occupied by capital- ists from England and thc southern colonies. The land, our correspondent thinks, surpasses thc Darling Downs in the palmiest days, being for the most part extensive rolling plains at once ready for the plough and open, lightly timbered forest land undulating or level inter- vening here and there all along both sides of the Herbert River, and the Dalrymple, Palm, and other creeks as large as the Bremer. Sugar planting is the predominant industry amongst those who take up the lands. There is a great earth hunger up herec, and immense plains planted with sugar canes meet the eyes all along the rivers and creek, and sleek herds of prime cnttlo graze over the unoccupied country. Before another ten years have expired nearly all the lands will be occupied, and under crop. There are several wealthy companies with large sugar mills growing and crushing cane. Kanakas are numerous in all directions. Mechanical labour is not plentiful and the buildings, as might be expected in a new place, are of a very primitive description, but very comfortable withal. The township cannot as yet boast of many elegant structures, all being of wood. There are a Court House and police barrack, two hotels, two or three store.s, no baker, two butchers, no druggist, one doctor who compounds his own medicines, and has not time to attend to his shop, owing to his much scattered practice. Two school houses are to be built, one in town, and the other three or four miles out. Tenders for the same have been called. The Queensland National Bank has just opened, and will soon build on their own land. It is reported that the Bank of New South Wales have rented temporary premises. There is no church or clergyman of any denomination settled in the district, nor any newspaper, which is the greatest deprivation of all. - Ipswich Advocate " Did he teach you to lie?" they asked the boy concerning his employer. And the lad drew himself up proudly and said : "No, sir. He couldn't do it. I'm the son of a Congressman.'' 