CHAPTER XX.—Thik Ice. ^•^Suddeniy tbo fount ran dry. Tho seed-time Myns ovor, and that of the harvest bad sot'in. v-1 That harvest was tbo praise of the public, suoh ";Vas)it^as\at IJiijhwobd, when tho poems were" sprinted ready for distribution—tho music com-' posed reudyifur recbntion—the pictures framed aud-varpifibed, and,cards of invitation .sent out in IrAVeBty'of tbo artwt'p 4 private viow.' Tbdu Mr. Branscombo wus.in'. tho hoventb heaven of: delight. Tho Inst infirmity of bis nobleness was fulfi led to the • utmost; and ho was tho* veritable Apollo of his own Fumussus. For tbo present, therefore/what it pleased him to call, his work, was:done; .and it was timo that' fruition should follow upon labour. : But bbcauso fcefcsd mridc their yet young, mourning a reason vrhy Stella bad been kept so close tovrork in bopying'and ro. copying his' productions that she'had not heenallo wed'even 'Vwaltc in "tho lovAly'laiios, or the qtiiet fields, it was necessary, for him to find a reason now why he should break so suddenly through the I.ieclufii6ii;which had beon ddo to his.vanity and agcribdd to his sorrow. And' ho fouud it in his daughter's pallor aud Mrs. Latrobe'fl suggca tion... {' ''' ' '* ,u'You'aro looking a little palo, my child/ ho ia^eaid, tho id.ay after..Augusta's visit, speaking as if this were his own discovery, and apeak-, iog with his best air of fatherly tenderness. 'I most not have you fail, my love! We must, break through our Bad aeoluaion, and go out; into, thb world a Utile more than wis have done 'bflate.' It will be a trial to me, but it is my ^.'iduty tbyou' '• ; *1I'*"11 should be sorry if you did anything pain, to yburs&f; for my sake, dsaieat papa/ ' said Stel!a/gentl)v ; • Be sighed.' : ^ 7 . 1 Ton are all that is left to me; t must take oareofyou/ ho said. 'Imust .be father and mother both to my Household Liar !v 1 Bejir.papa! how good you are P said Stella, looking at liim with gratoful oyes. 4 Yo*, I am a good father to you, and I was a good hus! and to your dear mother. The l"'artist has not1 kiUcdthc man in me V 'lie aua wutod, honestly believing what ho said ; for his vanity was go groat, his selfishness so blindly sincere, that ho.did faithfully hold himself to •;:j;;bo U)e 8ubliuio and nil but perfect creature for which bo posed.; And ivhon ha had sarrified, his good Matilda, ami was now. sacrificing, his' daughter, to this vanity, this srdfU'hnes?',' ho whb to his own mind doing only what ■"'^wuii right^nud holy.- Talcing the. help of tho lower creature in tho • production of such works us his, mado thoir glory, as well ns his own. They aided whero e'^h^croated, and they woro honoured by.' their , association with his genius. Bo'much must be said for him.' Falso as ho was all through— ^^niore mask, wind-bag, simulacrum as he was—; ► • h6,^a^"'uij'6b'n"86ioueIy 'fAlfior" " Hd' lived in a • ue^orld of his .own, whero he was what ho as vii ^ would huvo taken a miracle have convincod him that he was less , than a gonitis find lowor: than a hero. ; This world Lp**oarcely gives enough credit to the transform '^cingpower.oL vanity—to the sincerity of mah*B ',«ipwn so)f-deceptiou; ,hut Mr Brauacombe was ^ {jroallyand truly in a solf-.ovolvod, goldou cloud j,'f/f(irough' which ho saw nothing as it.was, and 0, ^msclf'tho most tranefiortuod of all. iT Had he been self, condemned through consciousness, he: a:.i Poiddhot have* imposed ..'oven on Stella as hp did.^jIt WrtS^tho.very, sincerity, of .his vanity •iMirWhioh g«'vo i& vitality and im.-resiuvoness, and ijti;whioh hid his owr. humbug from himself.. you nro so palo and wan, my lovo/ -ho!weut on to s:iy affbetion itoly, 41. vill tako * you for an airing,anil carry yon among your Jrienda: ^ 8o go and mako yourself ready. I llilVA'OftJid'Aiiti.iAnA fai. ' Q ..'..liw.lr . 'ordered ihoourrtngo for- 3 o'olock. Wo mako ftjfittlo round, and I will tako our J*J Mends these cards. Thoy will appreciate tho ""'attention/ ■ •• -Ybry wolbpapa/ said Stolla, without a smile sighfofibleamipn-v , .' *' * . . 8'gh!of.plensuro.- , • *5'"iBhe ;daro: not; say so, but how muoh better the would havo liked a walk norosa the fields, and those cards uoi distributed nor their visits paid I Sho Ecarcoly knew horsolf iu thoflo latter days, nor understood why aho shrank-with such sensitive shame from the artistic publicity which was hor father's glory and until.how had been her own proud delight. What mode her dread whore formerly she had rejoioed,?—! dislike what eho had loved? Sto could not shake oS the fooling of desecration to,,her mother's memory in all those poems aiid pictures, these nocturne and tho like, which were sent about among the neighbours like bellman's verses. Yet how could papa's beauti ful work desecrate that dear moraory? And j would papa do anything whatever that was not inspired by the most sublime and delicate feel ing P—papa, who paid suoh enthusiastic, re? speot to that beloved memory as evou.to object to her having fresh air and exercises ? It; was impossible; and Stella knew that it was im possible. Nevertheless she wished that sbo.had not taken those silvor-priuted cards- to distribute; and that they hud simply gone for a walk to gether. As it was impossible; for her to say all this, and as eho had .not oven thought it all out clea*ly to herself, she did as she was ; bidden; and put on her hat and cape. Then they, "got into the little brougham, whero MrABraus oombe had placed a pile of cards already , en closed in envelopes and directed. . . Heforo they set off he drew up both windows, save for the space of an inch on his own sidu. Sitting ho much in his close hot Btnriio lmd Bpoileu ids I taste for fresh air, and ho dreaded cold almost | as much as if ho had been a dormouse! Sher rardino was the first place to which thoy wont. It was thefarlhest off, and Mr. Brauscombo took it first, meaning to .work round by Mra. MnrB head's—from whom, the interdict hod been per-. force taken siucb. poor Mrs. Branscnmb.Vfl death —and then oh to Bofwent l/odgo. Tho firsttWp stood iu tho sooial column of disagreeable necessity, tho list in that'of uumixbd pleasure. The goutlo worship of pr.ittyllprtoiiaia liyon whs" Finery Fred's present portion of delight in life. .Twenty years ago it would Havobeon receiving .back in earnest tho.love modo in jest; Ww he. found it in mock .gouius and sinneVeTpr;iise..: which did quite as woll nnd was slightly lea: dangerous. All tbe Ponhefnthers were at home in the | garden ;' so wore all the dogs; so word tho tw Cowley boys. Thuuriso and racket'g >ihg:o when tho close-shut, black p rintod: brougham, with its mourning 'liveries and 'its <cO:<l-blnck howe; drove up was something deafening.. Everyone was shouting at the top of hi< cr.her voice; and ull were shouting at o^ce. - Some of the dogs wero barking in concert-;! others worn bounding about tho.lawn and crashing through tho hushes in . sympathy and :pa*Li.-ipati«n; .;:ore. was. the click. of u oroquet ball against - the mallet,' there the ping ot a rifleifired at'a mark. -. 'It'was Babel and> Bedlura;^ aud^lrJ :Branscombe covored .his gets with.his g'oved' •hands, as he slightly groaned and shuddered. ; .'.Barbarians - and savages!'. he . mattered;; ithen oomposed his handsome face toa.-melun-j] choly smile as one who would not : sadden: youthful mirth by the intrusion of his own-: sorrow, yet . who could not quito forget the, I painful:fact that his heart was.bleeding, and: I that the merriment of ordinary men was not for ; him. • And with this, melancholy smile, lingering like the toueb of pule suulight on hia^feco,'- he . went slowly towards thnt noisy, laughing, up roarious group gathered on the lawn. | . ' Glad to see you, Mr. Branscombe,'.. cried 'Mr. Pennefather, coming forwardinhis frank, hearty way. 'Ah. Stella!—it is good*to~see you again. ! , 1 Dear Stella, this is nice V said Mrs. Penned father, kissing her. Th:y were people who called all the young," and even the middle-aged of their acquaintance' by their Ohristian. names. "Well for; dignity] if they did not hit on a diminutive, or'-* some' queer nickname, which, might or might hot be pleasant to the wearer! . Mrs. Pennefather, almost as young-looking as her daughters,. was one of tho. standing wonders of maternity in the county. Forty years of age and the mother of seven children, alio had the step and fig "re of a girl and a.face to correspond. She wore neithor stiiys'nor cap, uor any sign of matronhood whalsoovb'r savo; tho wedding-ring which marked hor state.. I lot tennis costume w is as short and youthful as Gip and Pip's; her fo^t were small and dainty; »tnd:sho heisolf was as light aud ItVsom. It was not from bar, however, that the Children had inherited thoir beauty andstr°ngly-inark«*d' family likeness; but from the father.' .She hursolf was fair, and only little Nora, the .'youngest, carried her impress., Tho rest wor6 all 1 father's,children,' as had becn'satd; in heriting from Mr. Pennefnthor thoir dark eyes and ourly, jot blaok hair, their vivid colour and | bright brisk, noisy ways: while from both parents, in equal proportions, came tho good digestion, good tomperj cleanly liv iog and'kindness of heart which mado youth; perennial in the Pennofather household.' They: wero people who would hover'grow old in one sense, because thoy would nover grow indolent,.; self-indulged, sour tempered, nor envious. The girls, Gip aud Pip, dashed forward too ;-1 kissing Stella as soon as their mother had done' with her, and greeting her as if she had been1 their doareat friend. They had this hospitable • way to callers; seeming to wish5 to make their guests freo of all that Sherrardine .contained, themselves inoluded. , . ' h. 1 '.'How,are you, dear Stella P.' they.shoutod! in' their.boatswain's voices. 'So glad to sod you ! So jolly of you to con o!' 4 Wo thought you wcro never coming out of your shell ngain, you jolly llttlo snail!' con-' tinned Gip, while Pip stood by and emjihaM3.'d; her sistor's words by running bursts of laughter ' It is ages—hoaps of ages sinco wo saw you !' And how whito you aro! What have you been | doing to yourself ? Yon look as if you wanted bockotfuia of salt wator and ocoaus of fresh | ' Do T ?' said Stella, rubbing her chocks ;witli';i a quivering little smilo that was only tho.' othor sido of tears.»* -.'Do you P why, of course you. do I,Master did yon ever sse suoh,a poor limp rag, suoh n| ghost as Stella Branscombe looks P' shouted Gip; while Jemmy, who was suspected of berogliard hit in thin direction, took quite a sentimental expression on hia-' bronzed face ae ho said: ; 'Yes, -Hiss Stella^ you look as if-jou had been'shut up in the dark for a twelvemonth. •You ought to get but/more X ameuro. A good long:-jolly oruiBe woula do you no end of good I' • ' Well, nowwo'vo got you up here, wo won't lot you go in a harry/ Baid Gip and Pip to gether'. 'So come and Bit down under the veranda, and we'll have a jolly little talk to* gother. Ilavo you Heard tho" news ? Mr; [ Branacombe,- • havo you heard . the ; news ?' shouted Pip, raising her voice. ' No/ returned Mr. Branacombe, BtifHy. .. These Mica Pennefather's^wore really, ox troraely rudo and objectionable young women; without maunera, reverence, respect/ or breed ing! Though glad to show them tbe lost fine product of. his' genius, aud not too dainty to garner, tbo coarse harvest of their praise, still he was out of placo and ill at easo in this ,s»e* cursale of: Bedlam^ and. wished , his visit was over. ., ','V". 'No! Why J You have hot heard that Sandro Kemp is going to he married P Isn't that fan P' shouted1 Gip.' *' / . ! 'Isit?' replied Mr. Branscomho* with cold disdain. ' I confoss I am uimblo to see either tho interest or tho'fun of-tltc announcement.' •' Ob,I pay.!' cried Gip and Pip, * It is' awful fan, Mr. lirandcorabe. Qaito too good ti joke/ (To fo continued.) : . 