SNAKE CHABMING IN BAEODA. Thb following story of enake charming has been eent to the Patf ilfatf OautU by a.oorre* •ocnd^nt who is--making a eketcbing tour through some of the States of North-west India One morning I was strolling with a friend in the veranda, when wefsaw a strange figure coming along the drive—a tallioh man, w a scarlet turban, only, unlike the usual solid turban, it was wound in serpentwise about his head;-a kind of loose, fiame*coloured shirt; a loin cloth, and the ordinary peaked shoe of the Easterns. Across his shoulders he carried a stout bamboo pole between five and six feet long, at either end of which hung two bags of co&ree; woren cloth, coloured a less vivid flame colour. As he came np to us we saw he bsd long black hair, twisted op like a woman's, and secured at the left side by a heavy silver comb, whose back was cbased in strange patterns *nd shaped like a curve in a snake's body. In hi? ears were deltoaie earHngs of'fiilveK silver rings eet with amatl green and red ana white etoneB in flower likeshapest On his fofcsh&ad; *as the ired mark of the HinddbY hbroAktob. bridge of the nose) between the e^efi, thfetb wa&a; blaok aiid scarlet lib$ flfrafch that looked 'like a Ene Rilkjiibahd>&ndaeiihtlarriDahd; ran from the ohfcer 'corf2er 'of each eye to th'e tei»^)ies. . Bis face g»Ve you the impression ox his having been aliVe einbe the Floo'd;hia eyes looked as if they could not shut; yet he bad notawrinkle, and was evidently joung. His hands were beautifully shaped, with delicate nails { his feet; were strong and ehapely too. My friend said; !<This man will show, you aoihe fan for a few coppert,' So he fcaa had up on to1 the-.VeVahaa, End the ' play began. He opeiied his bags, Rat down on-his haunohes and proceeded to unpaok.' The bagscontained'eaoh* a large wicker, or rather bamboo; lath basket, and nondescript bundles of many-coloured cloth, The latter contained a" tin box fnll ol liVo and lively scorpioiis { some necklaces Of.BthUag'o grey nnd ml stone j piebbs or wooa supposed to be , cares. Iter shor^on bites; round black substances like; shining buttons—these are snake stone, and if laid on a cobra bite are. supposed to cure it. jThe baskets.contained also, a large cobra apiece. He took oat the two cobras and laid them on the stone floor of the Veranda. I am not unite sore if. he • showed as Mro br one at first; for he h&s; b&eh; here many' times ftii.be. At any rate, he - "took a cobra oat, let iit squirm .about ' on the floor; then he produced from his ;bag a'weird pipe, made of a.gourd, and-ehaped something Jike.„& bagpipe; The lower part;* below the belly, ia pierced with holes, on which the Angers play. With this pipe he began the most gbbllh rant that'ever was heard \ the cobra beased writhing about;, and gradually raised itself on its coils, swelled out its hood, and slowly waved its awful head to and fro in front of the n)UBio,as if it saw .-the nmeio. Suddenly the mnsic made a wild; leaping yell and'was not;'the cobra's head sack down and his hood shrank into nothing.' The demon snake man then remarked, point, ing to a big boy, a servant of my friend; *1 will bring a cobra out of that boy's cap.' The boy had on a Close- fitting, pork-pie cap, his head wsa shared, and the rest of his clothing con sisted of a shirt. The man then took his pipe and btgantnwnfc round Ihe boy ; then-on sudden the air was r< nt'by a melody such as might soothe the damned; it whirled round the; boy like a visible thing, but the boy stood firm (notion the burningdtck),. Suddenly,again, the umBiu stopped, and the man began to take oflhis drapery. He appeared for a momentau naturel, and there wasn't the ghost of a snake about him., He took* out all- his clothes—no snaker He wrapped his loin cloth round him, and b;gan again his devil's dance and his soul* kilting pipe. Hoi once from first to last did be approach his baskets or the -cobra which lay sleeping in the sun.. He came up to where I sat, and took a small paint rag of mine; he put it onj the boy's head, and then shookit out, and gave'it back to me. (I told you the boy's cap fitted tight to his head, and his head was shaved.) • On went the whirl and yell, and, as before, stopped suddenly with a heaven ascending shriek. He stepped up to the boy,j and with his naked hand plucked out — where from P—a great cobra, which he flung straight at me. - 1 he brute struck me on the shoulder, aud went shuddering down my leg, where it subsided on tho ground, hiss ing heavily.. t.I sat still and laughed.- He laid , the new cobra by the old one, put both in the basket, opened up all his oloths and baskets and things—there were two cobras now, and nomore.' Then he took my paint rag, Iaid: it down against a pillar of the verahdaj and went through the same musio. When the mnsio was ^exhausted,1 he walked to the rag, and plucked out a third cobra, which also greeted me in friendly-wise.- There were, three now, we saw ;them all;'bat my friead said/ 'This won't do; he'll fill the place with snakes.* 