AN EDITOR'S REASONS. 1 -j i: ThX pioneer editors of Michigan were & frank 'end truthful lot of men, as can be proved by an incident called to mind, the other duy'in whnebtion with' the name of Mark Williams, who gore. ap thia life for a better one not long ago.' Uark had a paper in Clinton ' County. It tai a wee little aheet with a hundred tub. i t aoribore, printed in the handieit way, aud the >' office was ao poorly aupplied that several ' different foonta of typB had to bo used to set r"op the reading matter. One day the paper same ont with a fierce attack on a elate official \- at Lansing. He was called a robber, liar, thief, and Tanona other epitheta, and no paina were ' spared to. akin him and hang hia hide on '•th^-fence. About a week from that date Hark aat amokiug beeoh leaves and tobacco mixed in equal parta, when a etranger entered. He waa a big brood- shouldered man, with * awful data, and a wicked eye, and he got .down J to bnaineaa by aaking: 'A re you Mark Wil. 1 llama f 1 Wall, y-e-a, I auppoae ao,' waa the heai ply. tating reply, t . '. And yon run thia paper ?' c- f-'.Wall, kinder run it, I Bappoae.' • Very well. I am Mr. , of Lansing, the \- man whom you abused so aavagely in your columns laat week 1' 'No!' •: ' Yea, I am, and I propose to give you the ■ -worst ^mauling a Western slanderer ever re eeired." ' Say, are you roally Mr. ?' asked Uark. „ ■ .'.lam, ol comae I am, and while I am taking d'ioffimy coat yon may give me your reaaona for '' publishing that alanderoua article.' ' T had two reaaona. air.' . i ' I had two reaaona, air.' • What are they ?' «Well, in the first place, I thought you were a little runt of a man, about 4ft. high aud about dead with asthma,. and in the next place I thought the roads were bo iufernal badly'ou cbnld never get over here: - j ,The straightiorward confession should have etvad Uark, but it didn't. The visitor made a live ; for him, took out a handful of hair, and 'when the editor jumped through the only vindow In hia office, he waa followed and chased into an old slashing, where ho had to remain hidden until midnight. That inoident ghapedi hia future polioy, aud he one day ex ■eUimad • 'The editorial nen in an all.fired hie Elaiued: 'The editorial pen is an all-fired big iter, - but I bare made it a rulo for the last; 20 .wears not to abuse a man unless 1 think I can \- - finlr lilttl In tmnffliJiinrf.tnniMs, * \- editorial room.' —Detroit Free Prest. -; • A wbsiubw plumber takes half a column of -hli local' newspaper to advertise ' Cast Iron Blnks.' But, great Soott! who ever said it r, didn't I Z 'How dare you say "damn" before me?' ^ISversIy inquired a clergyman of a loafer* • -'Hew did I know you wanted to eay " damn'. _ first F retorted the bad man. ■j i OUU (who has aalled to aee the gas meter) •Jeyoursa wet or dry meter, madam F Toung Wife (who doea not. like to ehow ignorance)— ' Weu,it is rather damp, I'm afraid!'—Punch. 'On, for a thousand tongues,' she sang in Ike ohuroh choir. Two hours afterwards One tongue waa found auScient to scandalise four, fifths of the women in the three oounties. A nan had the [miifortune recently to lose his wife. Over the grave he oaused a stone to ' be plaoed on which, in the depth of his grief, t. he ordered to be inscribed : ' Tears cannot re. ; store her—therefore I weep." lama Johnny: ' Fa, did you read in the ..' paper how a parent waa fined £5 because his utile boy hung on a etreet-car ■' Parent: What efitf" Johnny: 'Nothing, except I thought you wanted to give me some car. tickets. There is money in it.' . • Wuv, Franky,' exclaimed a mother at a \- summer. boarding-house, ' I never knew you to ask .for. asecond piece of pie at home.' 'I \- knew ttwarn't no use,' said Franky, as ho pro oeaded with his pie oating. " Ir you aro a quiet, hone t eitizon of Qalves ton, how did these ekoieton keys and brass knuckles happen to bain your coat pocket f" ' '" I reckon, judge, me and tbo policeman mu>t have changed coats in the scuffle. We were , , very much excited." y. j... Ah old Yorkshire woman described her happy elrcnmstanccs thus: " I'vo a nice little cottage, a phast. of drawers and a pianhy, a .lovely garden and flowers iu my window, and (wax. tag warm) my husband's dead and the very snnahine of.'Kav'n seems to fall oh me." ;. , A Pants Bohemian is telling his mode of life la'a'friend from the provincial distriots. '.In the morning I awake,' said he, * and ring for my valet.de ohsmbre.',; .'.How! you keep a (wet de ohambref 'Well, no; but I keep • lAball.' 'Awlold .Scotchman attributes:.the disap. pearance of ghosts from the Scottish:moors to the cnatom of toa-drinking at social meetings i - It requires Scotch whisky on tho top of old ate i j to, enable a man to see a ghost really.worth • talking about. i " 'Is' your programme full, Miss Beetle '' croiharf' asked a young man of a Western damsel, who had just struggled out of the ro< frsshment room with disappointment in her eye and an ' order of danoss' in her hand. 'Pro* giamme full?" said the daughter of tho Setting □an. 'Waal, I guess not; I hain't had "" ' nothing but a piece of cake and an ice cream . an' that don't go far tows ; go far toward filling my pro gramme, I oan tell you.' . . A onuoiiUN past middle ago, after having nnited a loving couple in tho holy bonds of ,-i matrimony, waa askod by somo present at the marriage' feast how ho, a baohelor, could con ■u •; eietently engaga in euoh ceremouica. The good ■nan's answer waa eignifioaut:' In a mau'n lifa there are two periods when he is likely. tomarry-Kjne when he is young and has no •ansa, the other when ..he is old ard lost his ••use. IJe was glad to inform. thorn that he j waa put "one,' and had not' yet reaohef tho othiv*' The son of Prudhommo, just from oollege, has aspirations for a literary career. Ho has written a novel, which ho reads to Mb father. ' Just think!' eaid the latter to one of his friends, 1 that boy of mine has written suoh a novel that out of regard to his yobthful innocence I have' been obliged to forbid hi reading it!' A Philadelphia lady is so opposed to any thing suggestivo of c&rd;*playiDg, that she will not oven havo a deal table iu her kitchen. And Bhe wants to be translated, like Kit j ah, so that she may escape ' shuffling off this mortal coil.' And she can't .bear to hear any allusion to Qabriel'B /laBt 'trump,' and won't have a * tray' in the house. The faculty of an Ohio female seminary has issued orders that no pupil shall have more than one male visitor per week. The smart' girls invite their yonng men to call on Snnday, so that when their fathers come on Monday the old men find themselves, barred out . " Ysa, I have bean to a seaside resort I have had my summer extortion, and I must confess my antioipations surpassed my ex pectations.*. To people in indignant circum stance*, the recommendations might be satis factory : but it is beyond my reprehension bow people of effulgence—people who have lugu brious homos, surrounded by all that embezzles civilised life—can put up in such caverns, They must have invested tastes."—Mrs Fart* inffton. See had a pretty diploma tied with a pink ribbon, from every one of our beat yonng ladies' colleges. In conversation with a daring and courageous young man, after he had detailed the dangers and delights of riding on a locomo tive, she completely upgetB his opinion of independent education of the sexes by inquir ing: * How do they steer looomotives, any how ?' • : • 