J Old Playbills. ) No. 8. A "They are the abstracts and brief ohron- 7 lolea of tho time." — Hamlet, Aot 3, Scene 3. r j\Z» order to render these series as ) interesting as possible to our many \ readers, me invite the loan of old r playbills for th-e purpose s of. publtca- ) tion, which, shall be returned at earliest opportunity. Please forward Editor , r LorgnetTx Office, Royal Lade Mel' ) bourne . ' Under moat depresfing circum- ) stances the ''eminent" tragedian, Mr v Barry Sullivan, made his fiist appear ance before an Australian. audience at ) the Theatre Royal (now burnt down) l on the evening of Saturday, August 9, 1862. The stage had been used for ) some time before, as a home for Bur- . ton's circus, and the equestrian season only closed on the previous evening. ) The stage and theatre was in a filthy . con'liti on, and only a scratch com pany ' could be got together for the legitimate ) season. ' The play was "Hamlet," . with Mr Sullivan as the moody Dane, ' and he was supported— if our memory ) fails :ns not— by Mr .Henry Neil Warner as The Ghost ; Mr T. Bel field, ' The King ; poor dead and gonie Paddy ; ) Gardiner (father of the late Mrs Alfred .Phillips), as Polnious — with a ' most delicious Irish brogue : Mr ) Harry Jackson as First Gravedigger, Mr Charles Poole as The Queen, and 1 Miss Joey Gbugenheim.aa Ophelia., The ; " star " became naturally disappointed and played but a very short season, > and then went up to the Princess . Theatre and played in conjunction with Mr Joseph Jefferson. Sydney 1 then became the scene of his.triumphs, , but, before leaving Melbourne for that city, lie said that it was his intention I to return to Melbourne, to run a thea- i tre of his own, and .would engage the best company that had ever been got ( together in-the Southern Hemisphere,. That this was no idle boast will be borne out on perusing the following I bill of the play :— i theatre royal. I ' Sole Lessee and Manager.. .Mr Barry SnlUuan. I The Public are informed that the above mag nificent ' Temple of the Drama will re-open I . under the above management THIS EVENING, SATURDAY MARCH 7,1865 \- During the r&oess;, the following. alterations ; and improvements have been effected, -viz : The entrance to the Dres3 Circle has been i entirely renovated, newly carpoted, and ad ditional lights and chandeliers introduce d. i The Dress Circle seats' have been enlarged and a greater intermediate space, allowed to I each occupant, making them combined with luxurious getting up all that the most fas- I idious can desire. Tho lady patrons to the Dress Circle are also I informed that, the clojjk room, with. its. atten dants, also the two new retiring .rooms, el'e- i gantly furnished, are placed at their service | entirely free of oh orgs. . | i The stall seats have boen restuffod and im- 1 proved. >. I The.stage.io0tllghtH.j3b arranged,, and; the new orchestra so formed as to give additional i comfort to the numerous patrons of this de lightful part of tho house, i The upper circle seats have been re-arranged, raised.- wd- backed,- whioh, .with tho- additlo.nal l lighting and the ventilation introduced will make the upper circle perfect for seeing, hear- I ing, and comfort. The pit has been entirely cleansed, and will l maintain its prominent position in the publio estimation. I The gallery has also received an improvement which it, is hoped, will give additional comfort I and convenience to its patrons. 