According to some lion, members in the Assembly, Jbrvliijg Harbour is likely to be come as unpleasantly notorious as Milburn Creek. During the debate which took place last mgkt with respect to tiie recent resump tion of certain lands on the western side of the harbour, several members expressed rather strong opinions. Dir. M'Elhonc is by no means satisfied with the bona , fides of the. claims which have been sent in; Mr. John Davies considers that a scandalous " attempt at "-public robbery " 1b being made; and Mr. Martin predicts that it will yet be proved that tho business involves somo of the " grossest "and ugliest" features. The hou. member for West Sydney want somewhat into particu lars, and informed the Uouso that he was advised, more than 12 months ago, to buy some laud " over there," his adviser being Mr. Swain. It is not onr purpose, however, to deal with this phase of tho question, fur ther than to say that Mr. Abigail was un doubtedly correct when he stated last night that tho general public aro not satiBQed with the history of these resumptions, so far as it has bee" made pqblie. Tinder certain circum stances, pubhd opinion is liablo to take a suspicious turn ; but it does not follow that 17B suspicions are nlwnyR unfounded, It wns 'very dubious many months ngo about the Milburn Creek business ; nnd on one occasion Mr. O'Connor foretold as gross " and " ugly " tilings about that matter, as Mr. Martin docs about tho Darling Harbour resumptions now. Under th'ose circum stances, it bohoves the Government to be on the alert. It is not now a trifling sum of £17,000 which is involved, but an amount which touches closely on one million sterling, and there is therefore the greater necessity to bo careful on the part of the Ministry nnd members of the Assembly, lest a worso tiling than tho Milburn Creek scandal come upon them. Having sounded this friendly warning, wc will pass on to notice a few of the important issues raised by last night's debate ; nnd we think that tho mercantile community and tho public generally are nnder an obligation to the lion, member for East Svdney for bringing the question under the notice of the Assembly. Indeed, the Govern ment might very reasonably join in a voto of thanks to Mr. Reid, for ' bis action in the House gave the lion, the Minister for Public Works an opportunity to take the public into bis confidence to an extent which he bad not been able to do before. The result of the speech which Mr. Lackey delivered will probably be an amount of criticism of the Government scheme, which shonkl. have its uses ; and Mr. Lackey's remarks, together with some of those made by tho Attorney-General, should also elicit some information likely to he of service to the Ministry in its further dealings with this important question ; and there was one point in tho Bpccch of the Attorney-General which may be conveniently considered liere. iv uen referring to the enormous claims sent in from tho western sido of Darling Harbour, Mr. Wisdom asked lion, members, if they stood aghast at the amounts applied for, what would they say if they knew what it would cost to rcsumo tho eastern sido of the harbour, supposing the Government had de termined to bring tho railway nlong that sido to Circular Quay ? The hon. gentleman ex pressed tho opinion that the claim would amount to seven or eight millions to Gocuro tho eastern side. Wo can assure Mr. Wisdom, on what wo regard as excellent authority, that woro ho to divido his maximum estimate by d, ho would havo more than tho price at which tho frontages on the eastern side could bo resumed, from the top of Darling Harbour to tho Gas Works. Wo have been shown an estimate drawn up by two gentlemen, who aro as com petent to value tho eastern sido nB Mr. Mills is the western Bide, and this is Baying a good ileal if r incm, nnu inen csiuuuiu uatra w total purchase money at less than two mil lions us the actual value of the properties. Returning, however, to Mr. Iteid's speech, we may remark that, in our opinion, he at tached too much importance to the question of whether the lands should have been re sumed under the Government Railways Act, or the " Lands for Public Purposes Resump- " tion Act." Of course, like all other Acts of Parliament, tho lnttcr, under which tho Darling Harbour sites have been resumed is confused or, as tiic Attorney-General put it, ambiguous. The preamble of the Act reads, — TVhercas it is expedient tn make .provision tor tlio acquisition on behalf of the Crown of land required for the construction oi works for water supply nnd sewcraqo Lhrouqliout the colony, as well as for public schools, li'rhthousus, freo libraries, court-houses, paols, hospitals, wharfs, ferries, bridges, fortifica tions, and other purposes of defence, and for buildings or works of any kind whatsoever to bo erected nr eon dructed for public purposes, aud to provide com- peii nion for lands so acquired. Bo it therefore eu- acted, Ore. A easual perusal of this preamble would not leave the impression that it included the resumption of land for railway purposes, hut the words " or works .of any kind whatsoever " fur public purposes " are very comprehen sive. A railway is certainly a "work" " constructed" for " public purposes," and if it is, the Darling Harbour extension clearly comes within the scope of tho Act. Had the resumptions at I'yrmontbcen made under the Railways Act, the sniuo arguments could have been advanced in support of tho opinion tint, as wharfs aro included in tho works to bo constructed on tho lauds, they should have been resumed under the Act which the Government has used in tho case. Resides, if tho resumptions havo been illegally carried out, they can easily be legalised, ifPnrliament approves of the policy they iuvolve. There were two other points brought out and, apparently, proved by Mr. Rcid, which arc of more importance. Tho lion, member showed from tlio Act — first, that it gives tho Government no power to appeal to tho Supremo Court in case it considero the amount fixed by an arbitrator excessive ; nnd, secondly, that whatever sum nn arbitrator awards it must be paid without any reference to Parliament. On theso two points the Act is unpleasantly plain. It provides, that if " the claimant and tho Minister shall not " ngreons to tho amount of compensation," awatded by tho arbitrator, " the claimant " shall be at liberty to instituto proceedings " in the Supremo Court, in tho form of an " action, for compensation " It Might bo a peculiar proceeding for " tho Minister " to appeal to the Supremo Court against the decision of his own valuator, but in somo instances it might be very desirable to do so. As Mr. Reid pointed out last night, should the arbitrator in the Darling Harbour cases award to the claimants the whole £701,000, which thoy so modestly ask for, the Government would have no redress. The Treasurer would havo to pay the money, and look as pleasant as he could, and " pay up," according to the Act, " within one month after the determination of " such compensation." Surely, if claimants have the light to appeal against tho decision of an arbitrator, the Government should possess the samo privilege on behalf of tho public. As regards tho other exception taken to tho Act by Mr. Reid, it is a serious one. It cannot be supposed that it was the intention of Parliament to confer upon this or nny Government authority to resume any quantity of land at the mot exorbitant' prices, and pay for it without the As sembly having nny power to interfere. Such a law is merely offering u premium to imposition, for did the owners of property know that the amount of their compensation would have to be sanctioned by Parliament, ihi'V would "calm the tempest" of their extortionate demands, and ask and accept a fair price for their properties. The nomination of candidates for the vacancy in the representation of Newtown took place yesterday. Two candidates were duly proposed and seconded — Mr, Joseph Mitchell and Mr. T. M. Dalvcon — and tho show of hands was decidedly in favour of the former. Mr. Mitchell is a local man, nnd has tho BUpport of the friends both of Mr. Poster, tho other member for Newtown, anil of Mr. S. G. Brown, who has accepted a seat in tho Legislative Council, so that hie return is regarded as. certain. Ho has not however, managed to please everybody, nnd Mr. Dnl- veen gots tho benefit of the votes of his opponents. Mr. Mitchell states that ho is entirely in favour of tho Education Act, a subject which Mr. Dalveon is silent about in his nomination speech. This nlono should give Mr. Mitchell nn ndvnntngo over him, for tho Act must be allowed a fair trial before any attompt is made to inter fere with it. As to tho subjects of frectrado and protection, Mr. Mitchell avowed himself a "freetrader pure and simplo," but " wns in favonr of fostering native induntries," and would not manufacture " anything iu " which they could not competo with other countries." If wo understand him aright, ho can hardly bo a " freetrader puro and "fcimplo," but Ins freetrado principles aro rational, and not pushed to an extreme degree. Mr. Dalvcon seems to avoid burning questions, and manifests a preference for general prin ciples of tho Democratic order. These aro for the most part unobjectionable enough, but many of them theoretical nt present. What the electors are interested about nro tlio practical questions of the day, and those Mr. Mitchell deals with, rather than with the others. Some of the questions referred to by Mr. Dalvecn must, however, claim public attention at an early date, and his views may then bo moro acceptable. At present there does not seem much chance of his securing a majority of tho electors of Newtown. To be defeated in a Municipal contest may seem a small matter; but as straws point the direction of the wind, so the recent reverse sustained by the Land League at Cork, shows I that the influence of Mr. l'arnell and bis following is on the wane in Ireland. Simul taneously with this good news, comes tho in formation that more Land Commissioners havo been appointed to (leal with the cases sub mitted by tenants for arbitration . under the provisions of the Land Act. From these two facts the inference can bo drawn that tho justice of the measure which was carried after such strife and conflict in Parliament is being acknowledged, ami that in the same ratio the Land Leaguers find their occupation going, and their influence departing. Soon, it is hoped, disintegration and disorganisation will follow, and Ireland once more become pacified. The Land League may have been originally formed to effect an amelioration in the condition of the peasant tenanty, but the presumably high- minded leaders in its ranks were few, nnd the pseudo patriots seeking notoriety nnd selfish ends many. Tho consequence has been that through tlio League's baleful influence Irish industry has long been paralysed, Ireland's advancement retarded, nnd Ireland's peasantry made to suffer by being urged on to deeds of lawlessness which have earned for them tho hatred and animosity of tho ruling classes. The Land League has become historical for evil rather than for good. It may indirectly have brought about a reform in the Irish Land Laws: but thu period of its usefulness is past, and the only effect of its present operations is to produce mischief. It is, therefore, a matter | for congratulation that it is to all intents and purposes moribund. Considerable interest is evinced in tho ap proaching election of directors of the Sydney Infirmary. Under the new Act II are to be elected by tho subscribers, and 10 nominated by the Government ; and the intention is, it appears, not to nominate the 10 till after the 14 have been elected. It is the opinion of many of the subscribers that this order of tilings should ba reversed — that the Government should first nominate their 10, and that the subscribers should have the _ oppor tunity of choosing their representatives in tlio light of the nominatons made by tlio Government. The board will be moulded, not by the members lirst chosen, but by the additions made to those members ; and the question to be decided is whether tiic mould ing shall be done by the Government or by tlio subscribers. It is surely due to the sub scribers that, if there is any advantage, it should rest witli them, seeing that tiieir functions are elective, rather than witli the Government, whose functions are nominative. Iiy our cable messages to-day we learn tlmt the meet for the despatch oE business on tbe 17th January. Lefroy, the murderer of Mr. Gold, on the Brighton railway, and the self-confessed mur derer of Lieut. Roper, at Chatham, was hanged at Newgnte, on Monday. The Emperor of Germany, who had been confined to his room through illness, is so far recovered as to take carriage exercise. After the usual questions had been asked and answered in the Legislative Assembly yesterday, Mr. Iteid moved the adjournment of the House for tiie purpose of bringing under the notice of the Government the question of tiic resumption of land at Darling Harbour, and a long discus sion ensued, and lasted until 10 p.m. Tho Lunacy Act Amendment Ilill, the Cattle Sale Yurds Additional Loan Bill, and tiie Animals Tro- tection Ilill were read a third time. The report of tiie Committee on the Licensing Eill was adopted, nntl the third reading fixed for to-day, ns was also thu third reading of the Metropolitan Magistrates Bill. Tlio House then went into Committee of Supply to consider the estimates, and several voles wore passed. A very warm discussion took place on t lie item for lodgings for the Governor's aide- de- camp (£173), and it was ultimately passed. Tho House adjourned at 20 minutes to 12 until half-pa3t 4 o'clock to-day. It seldom or ever occure that a debate on a motion for the adjournment of the House leads to any satisfactory result. As a rule, the question raised by the hon. member who moves the adjourn ment is mixed up with nnd lost sight of by the introduction of a number of other irrelevant subjects, the grand result beiug that the time of hon. members is wasted, nnd tho motion is negatived in n " fog " of generalities. Last night there was nn exceptional exception to this rule. Mr. Reid moved the adjournment of the' House, in order to call attention to tire circum stances connected with the resumption of lauds on the western side of Darling Harbour; nnd for the first time, probably, within the memory of the oldest member, Hie House adhered for some hours to tho question raised for discus sion. Mr. Reid holds the opinion that the resump tions have been made under the wrong Act, and he also considers that the conclusive powers given by the Act to the arbitrators arc inimical to the in terests ot the public. The hon. member placed liia views before the House in a well-delivered and effective speech, and put them so fairly and forcibly, that he was complimented by the 3Iin- istcr for l'ublic Works nnd the Attorney-General, both hon. gentlemen admitting that Mr. Reid was quite justified in bringing the subject under tho notice of the House. Mr. Lackey and Mr, Wisdom both addressed the House ; and as regards the illegality of the re sumptions they had, if anything, the best of the argument, but on nt least one of the other import ant points raised by the hon. member for East Sydney, and supported by Mr. M'Luughlin, Mr. Wisdom intimated bis intention to consider nn nmendment suggested by the latter hon. member; and should tins be done, the debate initiated by Mr. It. id will lend to a most important change i.i the Act. The hon. member for West Sydney, Mr. Mnrlin, is not otto of the " bores " of the House. He never j sneaks without saying something — emphatic. Last night he wa3 very emphatic with respect to the resumption of Hie lands on the western side of Darling Harbour. The hon, member regards the action of the Government in this matter us " n great mistake," a " fatal blunder," and says that before it is done with it will bo found to involve some very "gross" and ugly " Irausac.ions. | He was curious to know how it came about that certain gentlemen got land nt Kyrmont just before tho resumption by tbe Government, and ho told the House that 12 months ngo Mr. Swain ad vised him to purchase some, " because Mr. Garrett was buying land over there." . Mr. Martin declined to act upon the advice given him, as he said lie did in another case, when lie was asked to pur chase some land on the Newcastle line of railway, about which ho got some special information, rn-tend of taking up tiie land, however, he went to the department and got it reserved, a course of action for which, he supposed, some people would cull him " a fool," - The hen, member is manifestly averse to making money in such ways, as be said lie would rather go nnd "break stones on tlio rotds " lh in have anything to do with such trans- actions. Mr. Martin considers 'that " going over tho wat 'r " to Pyrmont to construct wharfs for the shipping trade of Sydney is n mistake; and in answer to a remark of the Attorney-General Inst night respecting the large amount of seven or eight millions which would probably lie demanded to resume tbe eastern sido of Darling Harbour, tho hon. member interjected, " Give mo two millions and I will get you the whole of it." The Hon. John Lucas does not wish to have his case pre-judged, as regards the claim sent in by him to the Government in respect to his interest in land on the western side of Darling Har bour. During the debate on Mr. Reid's motion last night, several hon. members expressed very strong opinions respecting tho demand made by tbe hon. gentleman ; and nt a later period of the debate Mr. Fitzpatrick rose, anil said that ho had seen Mr. Lucas during the evening, nnd that at his request ha- asked hon, members to suspend judgment until lie (Mr. Lucas) had had nn opportunity to explain ll o matter. Tho lion, member for Ynss made no remarks respecting tho question of tho Darling Harbour resumptions, but mnintninod respecting it a somewhat provoking " expressive silence." We havo stated that the Attorney-General' in tends initiating criminal proceedings against the three trustees of the Milburn Creek Company, and probably the public will wonder why nothing more has been heard on the subject. We believe, however, that whatever delay has taken place is not attributablo to nny indecision on tlio part of tho lion, gentleman who has to under, tnlto Hie public duly of prosecuting tltu trustees, bat rather from a desiro not to tnko any notion which would tend to mterfcro with tho election for Oarconr, for which constituency Mr. Baker is a candidate, As soon as tho election is deoided, the public wnl not have to uu rst. in ignorance" very long with respect to the prosceulions. On Friday next Mr. Joseph P, Abbott will nsk tho Colonial Secretary tho following questions : 1\. What number of prisoners are there in the gaols of the colony under sentences from Courts Mnrtial held by ofiieers of Her Majesty's Royal Navy I 2. , Will he lny a return upon the table of this House' showing the names of sucli prisoners, the date of their conviction, tho sentence of each, and the offence for which they w«ro convicted ? 8. At whose expense are such prisoners maintained in the gaols of the colony 1 Hir Patrick Jennings will, on Friday, the 9th of December, move that the sum of £3000 slinll be placed upon the estimates in satisfaction of Hie increased pension claim preferred by the ex-Chief Justice, Sir Alfred Stephen. Tho business paper of the Legislative Council for this afternoon is very light. There is a utics- tion by Mr. Piddington in reference to the resump. tion of land in Darling llnrbour, and the only order of tho day is the further consideration in Committee of the Dedication by User Limitation Rill. A meeting of the Executive Council was held at Government House yesterday morning, and we are informed that the principal business transacted consisted of proclaiming to- day a public holiday at Orange, and Friday a public holiday nt Bathurst, in cneh instance owing to tho visit of the English cricketers, nnd of approving of new regulations I to carry out the interlocking system of signals on the Government railways, which it is proposed to I bring into operation in n few days. The Protection nnd Political Reform Lent" | Held ils usual weekly meeting nt Hie Temperance I Hall last evening, nnd entered fully into the statistics furnished hy tho Colonial Trea surer. Tho council evinced more determina tion than ever to use every lawful means to put a stop to the sale of tlio freehold of the people. They I wero of opinion that the land should be let on lease, nnd that even the present freeholds should be extinguished by a national purchase of the free- noicis rroin uium) who nave ODuuncci inem, \ ice president P.ichardson occupied the chair, nnd the secretary (Mr. R. C. Luscombe) read his report for tho wetk, which wns adopted. An orderwas made, thanking the secretary of the Victorian Protection League for certain circulars referring to the regis- trntion of voters, and for an able article on retain ing the public lands as the sole right of the people. The Medical Board's report shows that the several patients were visited by the Government Medical Staff on tho 2Sth instant, and are reported as pro- grossing favourably, The houses of Mrs, Camp bell, of Waterloo, nnd Mrs. Russell, of Sussex- street, were nlso visited, and Hie inmates found in good health. The suspicious case reported yester day proved not to be small-pox. The young woman, Rcbccca Hcwett, of No. 7S Livcrpool-street, whose case was first reported on the 19th instant, died on the 29tli instant, and war buried by the Ambulance Corps last evening. The two children of Mr, Ilitchen, who were removed from Mr. Smith's house in Sussex- street to the Snnitary Camp, are suffering from mild attacks of small-pox. The enterprising'firm of Messrs. II owaul, Emit and Co. have erected a new wharf, with storage ac commodation, for the discharging of ships up to 3000 tons. The wharf is 205 feet long, and the Ul "II'VI io m x II.OV at 1 ill | UCllJg on the site of Hie old Patent Slip, at the end of King-street, it should become a favourite wharf, from its central position. The contiact has been executed by Mr. Thomas Niccol, from the plans, ice., of Mr. W. Martin, architect. Hunter-street, nnd the substantial look about Hie work is a credit to those under whose supervision it lias been carried out. The vexed question of the water supply of New town came very prominently before that borough council last night. On the motion of Alderman Boots, n deputation, consisting of the mayor and the whole of the council, was appointed to wait upon the Mayor of Sydney, to urge upon him the advisability of the wnter mains in Newtown being supplied from the reservoir nt Woollahra, ns the present supply is altogether inadequate. To-day being St. Andrew's Day, special choral services will be performed morning and evening in the Anglican Cathedral. At morning service, commencing at 11 o'clock, the anthem will be, " I was glad," by Dr. Elvey. In tiie evening the anthem will be — solo (bass) " Judge mc, O Lord," nnd chorus, " I will give thanks," by Mozart. A rehearsal of the concert intended to be given at the opening of the Sydney Arcade took place last evening in St. James' schoolroom. Among the pieces to he performed on this occasion inay be mentioned the overture to " Zanetta," hy full orchestra ; Hie " Gloria," from Mozart's " Twelfth Mnss ; tho grand choral march, " Ilail, bright abode." from Tannlianser ; and "The .Soldiers' Chorus," from " Faust." .Some of tiie leading vocalists in Sydney, including Mrs. C. li. Foster, Mrs. Spencer, Mr. F.J. Halleivell, Mr. F. James, and Mr. J. Ward, will be present. Thu orchestra will number about 80 performers, nnd the chorus about GO voto-. from various choirs belonging to tlio Roman Catholic clmrclms. Mr, Thomas Banks will preside nt tiie piano, : nd Mr. C. B. Foster will be the conductor. Mrs. Ada Foyo, the celebrated spiritual medium, gave a final Iccluie and seuncc before a largo audience nt the Victoria liali lust night. Numerous tests were given, and the great majority fully satis fied those present. A ease affecting the interests of shipmasters was dealt with yesterday at the Water i'olice Court. John Loeraun, master of the schooner Dancing Wave, now in Port Jack- on, was charged at the instance of the Marine Board with having infringed the regulations as to preventing collisions at sea by not exhibiting from sunset on the 2fith October last to sunrise on tho following day a ml light on tho port sido of tlio said vessel, or a green light on the starboard side. The information was laid under the Navigation Act of 1S71, iiy Isaac Lee, Inspector to tho Marine Board. Defendant pleaded guilty, whereupon a fine of £5 was inflicted, nnd defendant was ordered to pay £2 S3 Gd costs, Wc are requested, with the view of cautioning boys or any mischievous persons, to give publicity to n case tried recently nt the Scone Quarter Ses sions, in which a youth named Albert Bolton has been sentenced to six months' imprisonment, for having on the 17th instant placed several stones on tho rails of tho Great Northern line, in the I vicinity of tho Park plat fo: in. The lad, who was said to be only 11 years oEr.go, but who to all ap pearance is considerably older, was detected in tho act. A coal lumper named Dennis, with his mates carted some coal for a Mr. Notting, at Woolloo- mooloo, received on their behalf Jand his own, £17 ISs-ld — and loft for freth pastilles, omitting to subdivide the cash. Daniel M'Qninn, one of the mates, sued Sir. Notting at the Water I'olice Court yesterday for his share of the money, hut was non-suited, ns, aceoiding to custom, ilie ab sconding Dennis had been authorised to receive it on plaintiff's behalf. A labourer named Thomas Llewellyn, 80 years of age, and living at a house ill Engine and Mat thew streets, suffered a - severe accident while at work unloading a dray yesterday afternoon, a cask of tallow falling oil nnd crushing his foot. Tlio man was conveyed to the Infirmary nnd admitted, lire medical examination showing a fracture of the heel bone. A shoemaker, named William Gardiner, died suddenly nt -14 Evek-igh Terrace, Abercronibie- street, Redfern, at about 2 o'clock yesterday after noon. The deceased was taken ill at 9 o'clock in the morning, with a pain in the head extending to the back. It will be recollected that a railway accident occurred at Purramatta about two years ngo in consequence of which the deceased W'ns injured, and suffered from concussion of tiie brain since that time. Dr. Ilmvood, Regent-street, was called in, hut life was extinct ou his arrival. Mr. John Strang delivered the second of a course of lectures 'on tire Book of Genesis, at the Christian Caapel, Elizabcth-strect, on Sunday evening. The subject, was " Genet-is and Geology!" The speaker took the ground that the antiquity of the globe is left an open question ; that millions of ages may have elap'red, for anything Mores says to the con trary, sineo tho original creation first broke the silence of eternity. lie proceed to show that the geo logy of Genesis leads us onward, progressively, from stage to stage ; that we have an orderly and ascend ing series that culminates in man. The geologic order in Genesis and in Denton's recent lectures wns the same. On the creation of the world in six days thu speaker dwelt at some length. 'J'lio days, ho maintained, wero not ordinary days of 24 hours enoh, but immense periods of time. By re ference to various portions of tiie Bible, he con tended that the term " day" represents not a period of 24 hours only, but a year, a man's life-time, an indefinite period, nnd evena whole aeon of time. I This indefinite usage wns not peculiar to the Bible. We often use tho word, in common parlance, in the I same way. We speak of how things were iu the tirao of Dr. Johnson, and we say — "Things have changed since his, day." Wo speak of the late Dr. Lang, of this city, nnd wo say — "He did a good work for the colony in his day." The lecture, which occupied about an hour iu delivering, wnB closely followed, from point to point, by a large and evidently appreciative audience. A practical joke, attended with serious results, lins been rolnted to us, tiro truth of which is beyond question. A youth living near Wagga was invited by his country relatives to visit them at thoir rural homestead. He became enthusiastic over 'possum shooting, and his friends determined that he should have enough of the sport. It wns therefore ar ranged that ono of their number should clinrh a tree, and, covered with a sheet, should personate n ghost. Having thus arranged the pre liminaries for tho practical joke, they loaded their visitor's gnn with powder only. All of a stiddon one of thein screamed " Glio.4 ! Ghost !" nnd commeuoed to run away. Turn ing to thoir friend, tho jokers said, " Your gun is loaded ; lire, and let him have it. Death before dishonour." On this exclamation being uttered, the visitor turned round, aud, presenting tbe gun, fired at the supposed ghost, who had in the meantime descended from the Irc-c. The shot, of course, took no effect, and on cntne tho ghost, and as it approached the townsmnn, the latter dropped in a swoon. Seeing to what n pass matters had come, the 'possum hunters approached their visitor and tried to revive him, but to no purpose. Assistance was obtained, and ho was carried to the homestead, where he had to remain fully six weeks before he was pronounced convalescent. It is said that medical attendance, See., cost the country young gentlemen over £30, On Monday evening the first quarterly meeting of the Harmony Lodge of the United Ancient Order of Druids was hold in the large hall of the Municipal Council Chambers at the Glebe, on which occasion the District Grand Lodge officers and many members of the various lodges in the district were present by special invitation. After some preliminary business usnal on such occasions, the election of officers for the ensuing term took place, resulting in the election of the following brethern For Arch Druid, Clias. Neate ; for Vice-Arch, J. G. Harding ; for secretary, John JI'Farlano ; for treasurer, H. F. Baker. Selections were made also for the various subordinate offices in the lodge. A statement of tho revenue of the lodge, together with a report by tho auditors, was read nnd proved tbe very flourishing condition of llaimony Lodge. Business being conclndcd, the Arch Druid declared the lodge closed, and the company present were invited to partake of a sumptnous repast laid out in the western end of the hall. The good things having been discussed, toasting became the order of tho evening. That of the Queen and other loyal and Dmidical toasts suitable to the occasion having been drunk, Presi- dent Pro. J. A. tve.m saia no tiact a very pleasing duiv to perform inTlie presentatioir to Past Arches, Bros. John JI'Farlano nnd If. J. Peat, of neatly illuminated addresses in recognition of the services rendered by them as Arch Druid and secretary yespectivclj to the Harmony Lodge, Bro. JI'Far lano in returning thanks for the gift, alluded to the formation of the lodge and its prospects, con cluding by thanking the members for their elect ing him as their secretary. Bro. Peat in ac knowledging the honour, reciprocated the kindly feslings towards him since his association with the lodge, and regretted his term of appointment bad expired. Past President J. II. Davies, now Grand Treasurer, and Grand Secretary Bro. J. Mitchell spoke with reference to the headway the lodge had made since its formation, and tho pros- pect of its further success. The proceedings then terminated, A novel way of increasing the net weight, and also adding to the quality of the season's clfp, came under notice nt Yass lately (says the Courier), A woman, who is not particular as to her mode of procedure in many matters, came into the shop of one of our local butchers and offered to sell him what at first appeared to be a bag of lleece wool. The price was agreed to between the parties, when the purchaser, thinking that all was not right, emptied tho contents of the bag on the floor of the shop. Instead of fleece, he discovered that the bottom of ttic bag was the wool of dead sheep and pieces collected in the bush. In the middle were a couple of trace chains, nnd on the ton was a very good sound fleece. Of course the wool was weighed over again and a fresh price agreed upon, lic-r lady- shin pocketing tho proceeds without seeming any way disconcerted at the exposure of the fraud. Mr. Lawsou, the liou. secretary of the Separation Day Regatta at Brisbane, has (says the Brisbane Courier) received a telegram from Sydney in reply to one sent by him on the previous day to .Mr. Thomas, stating that neither Messenger nor Pcnrue would enter lor tho champion sculling race if an additional sum of £20 were offered as n second prize, and it is now doubtful whether the extra snm authorised will be offered as a second price. As the committee have been blntncd for not in sisting that two scullers from the south shall compete in, and not simply enter for, this event, it should he stated they did specially make this a stipulation, and that unless Laycock and Solomon both compete in the race it will fall through. A case was heard in the Sar.dridgc Police Court on Thursday, says the Bccning Moil, of inducing seamen to desert, nnd afterwords harbouring thorn. There was no appearance of the defendant, one Antonio Bruno, who had been the proprietor ot a boardinghonse. Jir. Inspector Toohcy informed the Bench that he had absconded to Sydney, but with their permission lie would go on with the case, nnd if proved, obtain conviction, nnd the penalty could be enforced in the event of Bruno's return. The principal witnesses were the two sea men John Gores nnd Frank Swanson, who had deserted from the British ship Aristides, nnd were now serving a sentence of one month's imprison ment, which had been inflicted by the Williams- town IlencU by way of punishment. Other cridencc was given by Captain Campbell, the master of the vessel the men had run away from, and Senior-constable Bund, who arrested thcrn on the 25th ultimo, just as they were going to sea in the Tilly Baker, having been shipped by Bruno. The facts of the case proved, the Bench imposed a fine ot £10, or a month's imprisonment, in each cjse. The maximum penalty is a line of £20 for each infraction of tiie law, and is recoverable by distress, but in this instance this extreme measure will not be taken by the police, out of considera- for Bruno's wife nnd family. .Should lie, however, at any time return, the police authorities will take etcps to enforce one or other of the penalties. A singular and painful accident has occurred nt the Johnson's Beef Company's mine, Sandhurst, bits the Melbourne Hrrahl. A miner nnmcd Charles Cowie, in company with live others, was | desccuding the shaft in tho cage to tiie .'luO feet i level. When half way, Cowie put his hands into his pocket for the purpose oT getting matches to light a can-He. While in the act, the elbow of his I left arm c night in I lie timber of the tdtafi, the cage I coiuinuipg to descend. On reaching the level, the I arm was found to be badly broken between the shoulder and the elbow, and the bone was pro- I trading through the skin, I A prisoner named Henry George Rogers lias been I released on a writ of habeas at Melbourne, as lie I had been illegally sentenced to three months' im- I priwnraent, with hard labour, for insulting he- I hariour instead of to simply imprisonment, tinder I the Police Offences Statute. An emeute of lar- I rikins nt tbo linstcrn Market, Melbourne, on I Saturday night caused much damage nnd Ferious I injury to two or three persons. Throe slow- I sways by tho f.s. Cotopaxi from tho Cape wore I punished for riotous behaviour on board on arrival I at Melbourne. Five others had worked cheerfully, I and were not interfered with. An old man I named Rcthick died at the Dunolly Hospital I (Vic.) on Sunday, having been conveyed thither I insensible, paralysed, and covered by bulldog ants, I and wounds from tticir bites. We cannot devote I our space to the correction of mistakes reported in I another journal. Several letters on topics of I public importance are unavoidably held over. I An actor, writing to the Argus, suggests a cum- I plimeutarv benefit being tendered by the profes- I sion to Mr. Coppin. A woman named Mary Ann I Jones, of the White Hills, Sandhurst, was taking a I kettle from the fire, when her clothes ignited, and I she was dangerously burnt. A boy named John I White fell from a tree at Majorca (Vie.), and in a I lew days died from internal injuries sustained. I Mr. Barker, clerk of the Victorian Assembly, lias I for the present nbandoncd his idea of retiring I from that position. Miss Gucrin, Jliss Harris, I and Miss II. A. Uearn have passed tho first year's I conrso in the B.A. examination nt the Melbourne I University, Two girls, named Elizabeth I ll'Arthur ami Acta M'Baughlin, huve been drowned I in the Campaspo, nt Kchucn. Gne went to save the other, when she was seized round the neck, I and holli sank together. Tho bodies were found I clasped in each others nrnrs. Two children named Campbell have been burnt to death in a I tent, near Wcntworth, Their mother had gone I for water, and n tiro near the tent caught the I canvas. Before the mother could return, tho little ones were dead, and the bodies n charred and I indistinguishable mass. I Mr. JIasou (Macqunrie Waadl will address the rate- puyers at the Bass Hotel, l'itt and JIavket streets, this evening. I Amentia!? will 1,« l,i>l,l at Dtp l-'.vplian-'e Hotel to I morrow evening to appoint a committee to carry out the New South Wales National ltegatta for 18S2. A meeting of tbo friends and supporters of Alder- man J. 0. Bcare (Fitzroy Ward) will bo held at the Wharf Hotel, Dowling- street, this evening. Mr. J. M'Elhoue ami others will address the meeting. Aldcr- man Bearc's committee meet at the Woolloomooloo Hotel at 7,80. I Alderman Chapman's committee aud friends (Jtac- quario Ward) meet at tho Swan with Two Necks, George and Bark streets, this evening, to make liual arrangements. I The School of Arts library (all except the fiction section) will re-open for the issue of books to-rnor- row, and hooks in thut section will ho issued on Monday. I Mr, JlacJIahon's committee (Fitzroy Ward) mcetat I m,oni3 Hotelj William-Btrcet, this evening. The Naval Brigade will muster on Circular Quay to-morrow, and on Friday, at 7.30 p.m. The baud will attend. Ea'e f useful and fancy goods will ho held on the church grounds at St! Stephen's, North Wil- longhhy, on Friday and Saturday. Messrs. Watkin and Watkiu, auctioneers, have bor- towed a notion from our Yankee cousins. In the lithograph plans of tho subdivision of tho Rosedale . I ? > the usual barren- looking squares nnd triangles I jure been abandoned for a pieturesquo view of the locality, with tho rivor aud tho avenues and allot- Bents of tho futuro township all painted according to nature, I Alderman Withers (Cook Ward) will address tho ratepayers, this evening, nt the Braidwood Hotel, f remix-street, at 8, and nt tbo Star Hotel. Devon- Saire-street, at 9. I (rA'Traan Robert Fowler's general committee I Wiiisnn Ward) meet at tho Bnrrangong Hotel, this orennig. " I at a1"' w?n onC9' committee (Donison Ward) meet or tire V heatshcaf Inn, George-street, this cveuing. 