STOCK AND STATION REPORTS. ADVERTISER OFFICE, Friday Evening. In tlio early part of the week the barometer commcnced to fall, rind there was every ap pearanco of a change in the weather. This was nimbly to be dcaircd, a.s the fronts were cut* ting up the young grass to a. considerable extent. Although, however, cl<>u:ls rolled np from the west, and on Thursday light blmwers foil, still, to-day the weather is as bright or ever, and the barometer rising, there is very little hopo that a downpour of rain will comc. Everywhere throughout the district there is a cry for rain, and unless it fall, and heavily, too, during this month, there will be no summer gras<>; nor will there be water cither. The long-continued frosts have done much to retard the growth of the crops, and residents in thin district say this winter season has been dryer than the one in 1875. which preceeded the late disastrous drought. Fat cattle are scarce, and consequent!} prices arc ruling higher now than they have done for many months back. Store cattle, which were slightly in demand, have, owing to the promise of a dry reason, receded in price. Fat sheep arc now at their highest price, but there is little doing in stores cxcept off the shears. His to be hoped that rain will soon come, or the pastoral outlook will be very bad indeed. The local transactions and others will bo found iti the usual column. The weather since our last (says the JJuhbo Dispatch) has been fine. On Friday night I it commenced raining, and continued to come down during tlio night. About half an inch foil. Next day it looked clouded and like a further fall, but the sky soon cleared off, and since then wc have had it fine. We have had some heavy froats-those on Sunday aud Monday mornings were, perhaps, the severest this winter. The frosts are checking tho growth of feed, and what we want now is forty-eight hours steady rain, followed by drooping warm weather. If we arc not thus : favoured soon, there will be no Spring, or anything worthy of the name. Tho country about here is looking very bare and dry, and stock arc only ghosts of their former selves. Cattle arc dying near Dubbo, and wc hear of soveral fanners losing many from sheer star vation. Down the Macquarie the country is sadly in want of rain. In some parts \- things arc as bad as they were in the drought. . Preparations for shearing are being made on . all sides. At one or two sheds they have \- commeuccd already, and by the middle of August the majority of sheds will be in full swing. We hear that some owners will put over shearing for a month or so, in tlie hopo of a break in the weather .'and an addition to the feed. The : weather at Deniliquin Mill continues too fine (says tho Pastoral Times), nights cold and frosty, ond the day pleasant ior the season ; rain is much wanted. During tho early doj6 of the week (says tho Wilcannia Western Grader of Wednesday last), the weather continued cold and clear, with slight frosts. Last night and to-day were cloudy, with strong promiso of rain, which would now bo welcome ; but beyond a few drops on ? Tuesday night, none lias fallon. It is still threatening. We learn that on Thursday last some fine showers feli at Thackaringa and further down tho Barrier track. Along that track feed is good and plentiful to ncarThaeka ringu; and there is said to bo a noticeable . spring in tho grass, notwithstanding tho frosts, from that place 011 to Mungary and : Outaalpa. On the l'aroo feed is beginning to show' severely tho effects of frost, and rain : and genial weather will be required before much improvement need bo expected. Al though withered considerably, wo aro glad to learn there is yet. 110 actual scarcity. . 'Wo certainly have had a wonderful winter ao far (says the Braidwood Dtnpatck), tho .. weather throughout baring been dry. Kuin ^.hus appeared imminent at times but the 1 clouds have dispersed again without its lulling. The frosts for tho past ten or twelve days have . been extremely sharp, that of Saturday last .surpassing any known hero before-at least so tlie old hand* say. There is a prospect of an Poorly spring, but such is not u desideratum here, for .experience has shown when the fruit trees have blossomed early subsequent, frosts have committed great havoc with i; thovcrop.'v Wo are now in tho last month of winter, and towards lit* end of it a little : rain: will .do good to the wheat, crops, and . giro vegetation generally a bit of a start. .'1 There i* no ehunue to report in (ho weather, . and grave fear* arc entertained ; (says ; the Coonamblc independent) that the lute lamb ing will be a very poor one, while tho loss \- during shearing must necessarily bo heavy, as the sheep are not. in a condition to endure Lhc { inevitable hardship. We have no further rain to report this week (says tho Watgctt Mail), und from present appearunces there is no immediate prospectof any. Tho weather coniinues cold, with frosty night?, and wo fear sheep which are now being shorn will suffer considerably. Shearing operations have commenced at Euroka, and Mercadool flocks would come under the shears this week, had it not been for the transfer of tho station to :Mr. Al'Lachlun, who is oxpccted to take de livery immediately. WILKINSON, GRAVES, AND LAVEN DEB (WAGGA, SYPNEY, AND HAY( REPORT: ., FAT CATTLE.-1857 cattle came forward for the "week's supply, of which 747 came forward on Monday and 1110 to-day (Thurs day). The quality ranging from inferior to prune and heavy, biddings were spirited throughout, and last wcek^i rates were well 'maintained. Quotations - Prime bullocks, £7 10s to £8 j extra prime and heavy, £810s to £9; single beasts, £10 to £11 j good bul locks, £G to £G Jus; medium do, £5 to £5 10s; inferior, £3 to £3 15B ; prime cows, £4 10s to £5 12s. WQ sold outside a draft of cows for Mr. R. F. Horslcy at quotations. FAT CALVKS.-227 forward, the total for ??the week's supply, which sold readily at late rates. FAT SHEEP.-639S sheep came forward on Monday, and 5535 to-day (Thursday), making the total number for the week's supply 12,033, all qualities being fairly represented. We notice a slight improvenftmt in the de mand, but cannot quote any alteration in prices, Quotations - Crossbred wethers, .none forward ; prime merino wethers, 12s to ' 13s ; good do do. lis to lis Gd; medium do do, 9s to 10s; inferior do do, from 5s up wards, We sold 1790 wethers for Messrs. Baird and Henderson, bf Brewarrina, at 12s Id; and 441 for Mark Hermrnn, at from Ss Id to 8s 9d. FAT LAMBS. - Only a medium supply penned for this week, which sold well at fully last week's rates. Quotations : Prime pens, 14s to 15s Gd; good do, 12s to 13s Gd j others from Gs Gd. STOKE CATTLE.-This market continues very inactivo in consequence of the dry weather; but, considering the prieus now paid for fat cattle, we look for an upward i demand for stores. STOJIE Shew.-Wo still havo a very good inquiry for all classes, and have Bome tran sactions pcuding. Our sales this week havo been-11,500 two and four tooth ewes for Messrs. P. and J. Tyson, Corrong j and (in conjunction with Raleigh, Aitken, and Co.) GOOD wethers for Messsr. J. and W. M'Gau, Kooba. STATIONS.-Tho demand for good large areas of understocked country, well situated, is very brisk, and wo have numerous buyers for such.-August 4. 