The Burglar and the Editor. A bui*lar climbed into the editor's room i Needy and poor WM ho ; And lie u> in the dim, uncertain gloom, With legs at long as the stem of a broom, i ^ A pair of trousers. " I'll juBt freeec on to em, He ehuokled villi fiendish glee. He lifted them up from (ho back of the chair ; Lightly tliey liung on his arm ; They were the editor's only piiir, Thinner tl.nn gossamer everywhere ; Oh, but the knees vera worn and bare ; Good clothcs-wiion the weallicria warm. All over the room lie searched in Ttiiu, There was no more to Ond; There \ras no sign of sordid gain, No passing drops from a golden rain, Only the wealth of a sleeper's brain, The peace of the editor's mind. He turned his back on that lmppy home, Thoughtfully lifting Uiobo pants ; Oat of the window he cautiously clomb i He emptiod the pockets-a broken comb, A (tub of a per.cil, a manuscript poem, ' Answered his soarcliing glance. Ho darted, tlio teal's flushed into his eyes, He leaned up against the fence; A look o[ pitying, mute surprise Softened his face, he stifled his criee, _ He looked at his swag, and measured its size, Value about (en cents. Inside liis pockets-his own-lie went, Ana lie dragged out a ten-dollar bill, And lie hnstily crammed it, every cent, Into the editor's porkete, and bont - The trousers into a wad, and sent Them orer the window-sill. Then on to a -wealthier house heaped. " "Tweis was a charity well bestowed," He Mud to himself. And when night had Bed, And tlio editor rose from his rirtuoui bed, _ And found the money, he whistled, and said, " Well, I am essentially Mowed I" -Prinlert' Hegitltr. \- SBVZ&k; wndther has preraHed in the United States! Arriving snowstorm has beun raging throughout the conn try and the cold is very eovero. York Harbour it filled with float ing ice wnioh impedea navigation. Some of the railroads in. the west are blocked by enow. In California great damage is being caused by floods,, which threaten .awious injury to the crop#. Great duujftpM fcaen done to the eltyofl&oranienlo;, anflWasUiagton, situated ontteoppwlte tldo of the river, is inundated. Aiaiefrvoir has burst at Franktown, Nevada. Tlie water overwbelmod the town, but the in 'hafcitiiMs hrfl timely warning of the danger andittW ^hle to escape. loss of life has been jgtessinned by the' tremendous floods in Cali T&rnia.; Ettemers are plying oa the submerged plaint, taking off the people and stock. The Ametfc&li; tslegtanls Mate (hat about 3600 *squa»Vinil*iof the SachuneDtb Valley have been flooded, . The aggregate .losses oannot be estimated, tint the mm total will bp stupendous. Owingto'aslorm having jbrok&i; down (he leWelhe Mississippi river has overflowed and Inundated ROD squares of New Orleans ;city. The( railway .has alio been damaged.-Xeu SMBX SPMMMWOJTS AND THI3 OBIOIK. -4t ii a Well-known fact that in all popular talesthe early enemies of the tribe always be come figuned at length as demons, sprites, or jyiw. fiplilus nf aupernatural power and tnis cnierous habits, tint of these fanciful crea tures (D gigantic in aire, as is natural in tha 'teae dt toemen, wliose prowess is apt to be ex aggerated in the moutlis of those who have to Vffct with them. Especially in the legends of a conquered and expatriated race, the conquer yaoa 4s pf count figured as of vast site and i '" ; The (JCculiarfties of the fairies an j f areamaU, though very spiteful. How, j ain tbat before the Aiyan invasion -of . »the whole continent Was inhabited br Ml aboriginal people,abort of Mature and 4aA to complexion, who bdiltmanyof the existing inegalytWo tnoniunenta, tad especially tha great, atone circles of England and Franos. These people were identical in Mood and tongue with the mbflern BasquM i ond they used wea pons of polished atone alone. When the Celts, Jthfe first wava of the Aryan inundation, burst upon Western Europe, they found this Midi nee tif abme age meo in'possession of the ooun ft and, being themselves a iMfrer and stronger the, with weapons of brente, thsy conquered "'red or assimilated the Eusfcarian _ i. But in their legends and popular <tales they )(ept up thetaeraoryof the little people whom they had vanquished, and who warn deaksndefl to our own limes Ba the fairies. 3Thess tales cluster speoiallytround the' megali . fchliatrurtttres, or elf-stones, and around the v atone weapons, arrow heads, and celts, which Were tlip -ttilins of the conquered Bmkarian a^ace. T^ienfer aMh rdios are found atoriea ill _Blr#>Md fairies mre common. The fairy aPMrawmlivM oa iinost firmly in .the surely OdHopiaBxifBritain-^sich is Ireland, Wales, Sootland, and Cornwall) But the Anglo-Saxon j and otbKXratonto aragneron in thls oo^ntry and on,the. Continent learned and preserved tha togends fromthecftnqtrtrid'Celti. Aroundtha 1 ban-owenf'the' stoneage Chieftains, stories of iairiee^r, f|»-the T'ei»tons «aU tbem.elves eVOl survive. There.can,be little,doubt that' , Wfy 'm 'ik 'hi& 'Utigiiihg Witnolies ef tha ghost of tha great man Supfibsed to haunt tha neighbourhood of thatomb whioh is the bona of nisepiritj-S<. /<h»m'S Gazrllt. Atm 'iaeiitrtaid performance In 8ah Frap. t3tco,m>ma. itmi tgo. a baby in tha galiory fcenn to aoreeoh aoloudly that -the aetora were quite tttrown out.' Tha manager,'^ 4rowo the child'a «ri«a, bade the onheatra atrike tin * loud tnno, whereupon a miner who had just come inJahMtfid Oflt,,'Here, I aay.atopfhom _cus»ed flltlSa j I haven't heard e baby e voice ^for aeven yeaw." /j Host to« jTsjiii " Wire" Obkiwatisd &IVS; Buskin : What do you think the beauti ful^ord" wife cornea from! It is the great vrotd in*rhioh the 'Xlnslish and Latin lan «u£ea oOnciuerad tiie Frenoh and Greek. I hope the Erenoh Will aotne day set a word foflt instead oY Bat what do .jrbn think it comes fMmT The great vafag of the Baton fctirdi is that they ttean e^me. tidnfr -'Wife meads "weaver.6 Yoii most either bo house- wivee or houee-^^k tv mamber that In the deep eer^. yon must either weave men's fortunes ^ embroider thato, orleodtiponandbrtjgti^ to decay, i Wherever a true wife ?^ome^ berna is always 1 «ottnd her. The a^ ^ b<"0yer her head,' Uieri°w-w°mtl,enQhl1* (iold grass may, be the Art at nQr but home is when ahe; Is, ana fo^ B woman It stretohes far; her~b^^t,th& liputes celled with or jpugbeA vermilion-shedding &qmet; Wkt fotthoiewho else are homeless., TDils, 1 btueve^ the woman's trne place and 