MISCELLANEOUS. DISINTERESTED CRITICISM. Two fanners from Green country, Michigan, who were in Milwaukee with hogs, and who were stopping at the Stock Yard Hotel, went to see ' Hamlet' at tho Opera House. They sat, says an American paper, ou the front seat, and the audience noticed all through the play that they were not pleased, and when they got into a horse car after tho performauce, those in the car got a pretty good idea of what the trouble was. ' Well, Lige, how did it btrike you?' said tho sandy-whiskered one, as lie bit off a piece of navy plug and then handed the plug back to his friend. ' Oh, it didn't strike me. AUI wantiB to live to get bock to the tavern -and- find tliat.red-he.ided -hotel-keeper that told we that,' Hamlet' was a burlesque opera, with can-can girls. Call that a «loce«f amuse ment ? I suppose a place of amusement ib where a man _goes to laugh. t I don't want nobody to charge me a dollar to see a funeral procession and listen to a fellow dig a grave and sing comic songs. I tell you, Ezra, it don't look right to see skulls thrown round on the stage. And as for diggin' graves, 'there is a man in Montoe that can dig two graves to that fellow's one. I tell you it just mode ine sick to see that poor crazy girl, Ofeely, taking on about her fa thai- that Gimlet killed with a scythe, and when them boys up in tho 'loft beguu to cheer I felt like going and kicking them downstairs, and then saying my prayers. Any man that will make fun of a crazy gill aiu't fit to live. I tell you I felt so bad for that girl that I was cussed glad when the hired girl came in and said she was drownded.' 'Hamlet was a bully, I thought,' said Ezra. 'He could talk 'em all blind, and knew more than the whole lot. Lige, do yon think he was crazy?' 'Crazy? No. He was a fool. Say, Ezra, have a little sense, now. Suppose your, father was dead and your mother was married again to that fellow that looked like a saloon-keeper, and some ghost should come howling around you, with pants made of tin foil, a mosquito bar blanket on, and a tin wash-basin on his head, and point at you with a dinner-horn, and tell you the saloon-keeper caught your father asleep out in the sugar bush dud poured pepper sauce in his ear aud killed him, aud told you to go around gnashing your teeth for revenge, and snatching your mother bald-headed, wouldn't you think it was a put-up job, and they were playing you for a sardine? Of course you would, aud you would belt him one in the jaw, and tell the ghost to go and soak his head. Now, wouldn't you ?' ' Well, may be, Lige ; but Hamlet played his part well, didn't he-?'. ' Certainly, the young man did splen didly, considering the play he had, but I know a schoolteacher in Green county that can write a better play than that din-Lug recess. Hamlet was no gentleman to treat that girl the way he did. He loved her, and she loved him, aud then he went back' on her, and jabbed her father, and set her crazy, aud when he happened to stumble on to her funeral in the graveyard he wanted to get up a citing match with the girl's brother, and jumped into the grave ou the coffin, aud act up aud put ou style, aud break up the funeral. Oh, get out. I don't like that way of doing business. A man that haint got no more sand than that couldn't get a job driving hogs for me. What he ought to have done was to marry the girl, aud any court in Wisconsin would have made him marry her or pay a fine. For funeral obsequies, ' Hamlet' is a good play, but give me Buffalo Bill. We get off here, Ez. Watch me kill the landlord when we get to the house. Egad, I can't help thinking how confounded mean that Hamlet treated his mother. Why, she had a right to get married again.' 