FIELD SPORTING Football. BANKERS AND LAWYERS V. MERCHANTS AND CIVIL SERVANTS. SATURDAY last being a vacant day on the list of football fixtures for the season, and the Ips-<*> wich club having signified its inability to accept an invitation from the Excelsiors for that day, advantage was taken of the vacancy to arrange a match between a team composed of bankers and lawyers and a team of merchants and Civil ser vants. Shortly after 3 o'clock the kick-off took place. J. A. Hayea was appointed judge, to the evident dismay of the merchants and Civil ser vants, and certain dark rumours were circulated, the purport of which was that Hayes had been got at by the prospect of a large retaining fee from the bankerb. Mr. P. Roberts, instructed by Mr. J. Blake, appeared on behalf of the profession and the financiers ; and Mr. F. Foster and Mr. J. Welflby, ia defence, watched the interests of the merchants and Civil servants. Mr. Winter, another of the subtle craft, impatiently waited an opportunity to count a goal for the lawyers, and Mr. Tow O'Sulliv&n; only wanted the ghost of an opportunity to do the same for the merchant*. Neither Hide wu at first repre sented by twenty, but as the game proceeded Baveral additions were made to both ranks. From the kick-off the play was entered into heartily by both aides. The lawyers, as was to be expected, got the best of the toas, and kicked down with the wind The ball was Boon worked up by thn merchants, and was taken in charge by a pair of insurance agents, sent up probably to take Roberta's life —a "first-class life," by the way, from a football point of view—and one of whom might at least have taken his goal had he not been so fearfully excited. A oouple of bebinds were scored, and the ball went down the field for a turn, aided materially by some sharp practice on the part of Finlay, and was here taken in hand .by an A.J.S. man and a diminutive blue- bag. One or two bebinds were aoored at the bamboo end, and then the sphere was kept travelling in various parts of the field without apparent advantage to either Bide, Foster meanwhile playing well back for the honour of the merchants and victims of red tape. T. Slatteiy did great work on the right wing, and was carefully watched by our George, who all through entered with keen enjoyment into the game, and cer tainly used all the pedal argument* he was master of to secure a verdict for his side. Burrell arrived shortly before half-time, and soon made his presence known. The game proceeded with great spirit. "Half-time" was called, and after the usual spell ends were changed and the fun renewed. T. Welaby came down with a smiling face, which caused a pressman to inquire anxiously whether the Government had seen fit to remove the publio account. Three or four more behinds were scored by both teams, some "tries" on both sides going very dose to the goal posts. " Mao," the walking man par excel lence—tor style at anyrate—used his length of leg and arm to uome purpose in aaving the merchants' goal on one occasion. Joe Welaby came forward and compelled the lawyers to act on the defensive. Cooper played remarkably well, and made one mark in the most graceful w mannah I evah saw," as Bea would say. Then banker Welsby tried his hand at marking height of jump 6ft something—but the result ing "try" did not alter matters, and Winter was foiled again. The ball was Bent down by Silvester, and when time was called was stopped in about the centre of the ground. In addition to players previously mentioned, Walsh, Ross, and Liddle rendered good servioe to the bankers and lawyers ; and Lennon, O'Carroll, Connolly, and E. Blattery worked hard and well on the part of the merchants and Civil servants. When " time" was called a proposal to " hare a bit of Rugby " wu received with general satisfaction, and after a oouple of runs in the direction of the bamboos Blake laid bis hands on the ball, and made a grand "stretch" behind the merchants' goaL He failed to touch the ball down before coming out, and Foster getting the ball tried to run with it, but when it came out of the unrimnwg* which followed it had lost its spherical shape and the power of bouncing, and the wind had left it, and the pleasanteßt match of the season was at an end. Despite the dark rumours at the beginning of the match, Hayes turned out an honest lawyer—a rara avis, truly—and nonsuited the plaintiff; permission, however, being granted to begin de now next year. 