TOWN TALK. Keuter telegraphs that the Imperial Par liament will meet again on January 19th. ArthurLefroy, the Brighton railway murderer, was executed at Newgate on Monday. The Emperor William oE Germany has so far recovered from his recent indisposition as to be able to take carriage exercise. In the Legislative Council yesterday the Protection to Auitnals TSill was considered in committee, and considerable progress was made with the measure. The Sludge Bill chiefly occupied the attention of the Assembly yesterday, and the measure was advanced several stages. Mr M'Intyro gave notice last Dight, in tho Assembly, to ask the Premier:-" If it is the intention of the Government to give effect to the resolution passed by this House, on tho motion of Mr Longmore, relative to closed roads, and make tho payment of future instalments of subsidy conditional upon a certain proportion of tho said roads being thrown open by January, 1SS2." We are compelled to liold oversuudry local and country correspondence and re ports. In another colnmn will be found a full list of the entries for the Colac Regatta, which will tuke place on Friday. The pccial train from Gcelong to Colac on the clay named will leavo at 9.30 a.m., and leavo Colae, oa tho return journey, at 7 p.m. Tickets will be issued at holiday excursion fares, and holders of tho same may return by any of tho ordinary traius up to Monday afternoon. Last evening about fifty members of tho Geelong, Geelong West, and Newtown and Chilwell branches of tho National lie for ill and Protection League assembled at tho Ereo Library, to cousider the political situa tion. Tho chair was occupied by Mr J. Claneliy, President of tho Geolong league. A lengthy discussion ensued with regard to Mr Cunningham's address on Monday night, and his views wore almost unanimously condemned, as being opposed to the J platform of tlio liberal party. A deputation from tho. meeting interviewed Mr W. H. Lloyd, of Chilwell, and ! requested him to come forward in tho in ! terests of the party, but Mr Lloyd, whilst thanking the leagues for offering him their support, declined to enter the political arena at present, as ho had already promised his voto to a candidate. Mr Lloyd further stated that, should his services be required on a future occasion, ho wculd havo great pleasuro in contesting a vacancy in the in terests of the liberal party. It was ulti mately dccidcd to send a telegram to tho hon. Graham Berry, asking him to consult Mr Andrew, formerly one of the respresen tatives for West Melbourne, and to ascertain if he was willing to contest the seat for Geo. long in the interests of the liberal party, A sab-committee, consisting of the Presi dents of the leagues, was appointed to deal with Mr Berry's reply. In the event of thore not being a straight-out liberal candi date, and the contest lying between Messrs George Canningham and Charles Andrews it was tacitly understood that the leagues would support Mr Cunningham. A vote of thanks was passed to the chairman, and the meeting terminated. A meeting of members of the Licensed Victuallers' Association was held at the Prince of Wales Hotel, Market Square, last evening, and was largely attended. Tho object of the meeting was to consider tho advisability of resolving upon some definite course of action in connection with the return of a Parliamentary representative of the town to fill the present vacancy. After somo discussion, it was deoided, on the motion of Mr S. Young, seconded by Mr P. O'Toole, to defer pledging tho Association to any positive line of action until it was certain that the vacanoy would be contested, and any other candidate besides the Mayor had given expression to his viewB. Tho ships in tho bay had:their flags flying half-mast high yesterday. News was re ceived that Captain Mackie, an uncle of Captain Mackie, of the ship Ben Nevis, had been, together with a crew of three men, washed off the schooner Jane during a gale, off Dunbar, at the month of the Firth of Forth, Scotland, on the 19th October last, and drowned. The deceased captain was known to,the seafaring men[in command of the ships here, and, as a token of respect to his memory, tho flags of their vessels were hauled to half-mast. We understand that Captain Mackie, was a great friend of Capt. Volum, the well-known brewer, of this town, and that he succeeded Captain Volum in the command of a brig which traded oil tho Scottish coast many years since. A large number of printed requisition slips, inviting Mr Charles Andrews to offer himself as a candidate for the Parliamentary representation of Geelong, were distributed in town yesterday for signature. It is in tended to present the requisitions to Mr Andrews at the adjourned meeting of tho Political Reform Association, to be held this evening. The man James Stewart Smith, who was arrested on Monday by Constable Dowler, on a charge of forgery, alleged to havo been committed at Adelaide in May last, was brought np at the Polico Court yesterday morning, and charged with that offence. Sergeant Swalo prosecuted, and {Mr Dwyer defended the accused. The charge was that the defendant did, on the 15th May, 1SS1, and to and alter an application of one Peel Nesbit, for 100 shares in the South Austra" lian Mutual Fire Insurance Company (Li mited), by adding thereto the initials C. A> P. J., with| intent to defraud one Charles Fox. Copies of the depositions of Charles Fox and C. A. P. Jones, as taken before a magis trate at Adelaide, were read, and sworn to as correct as far as his memory served him by Charles Fox, who was present when tho depositions were taken. Mr Dwyor, for tho defence, contended that tho person produc ing the depositions (Sergeant Swalo) should swear that they were true oopie3 of the original ones, which had not been done in this case. TheJMayor, however, overruled the objection, and remanded Smith until the extradition warrant to take him to Ade laide had been issued by his Excellency tho Governor. Among the passengers by tho mail steamer Home, which arrived from London on Sun day, were Messrs Henry Franks and K. J. Joyce, both well-known residents of Goo long, who havo returned from a brief holi day excursion trip to tho mother country. Two trivial accident cases wero attended to at tho hospital, ono on Monday night and one yesterday. Tho first wa8 that of Fanny Butwell, aged 12 years, a resident of the Breakwater, who sustained a wound of the left leg, caused through the slipping of an axe which her mother was using in cutting wood. The other was an injury to James L. M'Coubrio, agod 17 years, who lost the end of ono of his fiDgers, through getting it caught in an engino which drives machinery at the confectionery esta blishment of Messrs M'Coubrie Bros. At the meeting of the Geolong West Borough Council, held last evening, it was stated that the finances were in a very bad condition, there being a considerable over draft at the banks It was resolved not to enter into any more works of magnitude until the overdraft had been lessened, bnt it was decided to constroct an asphalte channel in front of Mr Baxter's property, in Lloyd-street, at a cost of £20, and to repair the footpath at the intersection of Corona tion and Aberdeen-streets, at a cost of £2 13s, it being intimated that Mr Baxter and Cr. O'Brien, respectively, would lend the money to the Counoil for an indefinite period, without interest. At a meeting of tho Wyndham Shire Council, held on Monday, after a lengthy discussion, it was deoided that the practice of granting illuminated addresses to retiring councillors bo abolished. During tho dis cussion opinions wero expressed doubting the legality of such exponditnro of the shire funds. Formal meetings ;in the insolvent es tates of Henry Jamieson, baker, Queensoliff; Richard White, laborer, Colao; and Hermann Keiehmann, teacher of gymnastics, Geelong, were held yesterday beforo Mr Hntohinson, chief clerk of insolvency. No creditors at tended, and the meeting! closed. The annual excursion of the children at tending the Christ-Church [Sunday school at Ballaratj took place yesterday, when tho excursionists came by specia' train to Gee long, and passed on to Quoenscliff. The train convoyed about 300 persons, princi pally juveniles, to the 'Cliff, whero a very pleasant time was spent, and the visitors returned to Ballarat shortly before 7 o'clock in tho evening. At the Queenscliff Police Conrt yesterday the cases were of a trivial character. Several parents wero fined for breachos of the Edu cation Act, and orders were made in somo small debt caseB. Captain Paacoe and Mr C. C; Simpson were on the bench: The members of the Geelong West Bo« rough Council, which sat last evening, wero greatly annoyed by tho language and con duct of a number of larrikins, who wore congregated outside the Town Hall. The Town Clerk was instructed to writo.to the sergeant of polico in the distriot, and request that a policeman bo told off to keep order during tho Council meetings in future. Tho following gentlemon havo consented to act as judges, umpires, and starters at the Colao Regatta on Friday :-Mr Caselli, Ballarat ; Mr Thurling and Mr Heard, Melbourno ; Mr J. R. Hopkins, Winchel sea ; Mr J. F. Strachan, Ripple Vale ; and Mr Shannon, Geelong. For somo weeks past the brews from tho Royal Brewery, in Malop-street, havo been found greatly inferior in quality and color to those which characterised tho earlier pro ductions. The cause of the ohango was unaccountable, but an explanation appeared to be arrived at on Monday, when it was discovered that somo evil-disposed person or persons had introduced soap into several of the casks. Messrs Miller and Co., the brewerB, offer in our advertising columns a reward of £100 for information leading to tho conviction of tho offender or offenders. Tho last of a series of addresses by the Rev. A. J. Campbell was deliverod last evening to the members of the St. George's Young Men's Literary Sooiety, in the now hall. There was a very fair attendance - of members, who attentively listened to an in teresting and instructive discourse, on tho "Life and Philosophy of Lord Bacon." At the conclusion of tho lecture a vote of thanks was accorded to the reverend lecturer. We understand that Messrs J. Upward and J. D. Webster, of the Corio Bay and Barwon Rowing Clubs respectively, intend competing in the maiden sculling race, to be rowed for in best boats at the Colac regatta on Friday. Steady progress is being made in loading the ship Ben Nevis, at the Yarra- street wharf. She has already nearly 1000 bales of wool stowed on board, and it is expected that she will be able to leave Geelong next Monday week. The barque Ethiopian has on board 3500 bales of wool, and she will be a full ship in the course of a few days. Yesterday afternoon the ship Cambrian Prince was towed to Corio Bay, and berthed alongside the Yarra-street wharf, to load wool for the London market. The ship Loch Rannoch, which cleared out at the Custom House on Monday, for London, left the bay in tow of a steamer yesterday morning. The steamer Konoowarra arrived in the bay from Newcastle, via Melbourne, on Monday night, with a cargo of coal for the Railway Department. The new County Court rules, which have been drawn up, and will come in forco the 1st December, contain one alteration (says the Ballarat Courier) which will be greatly to the advantage of tradesmen who seek to recover accounts which have been rnnning for a considerable time. Previously dupli cate copies of the accounts with all the items in full had to be furnished, and per haps the delivery of some item four or five years ago proved, which, by the bye, was often a matter of impossibility for the con fiding tradesman. Under the new rules, it will be sufficient to say, account as per pass hook or monthly account rendered, which will do away with the necessity for the accounts, often as long as the charge in a treason-felony case, which previously had to be supplied. Last night's Mail writes The report is again put in circulation that a coalition has been arranged, and that Mr J. G. Francis is to head a party which will include Mr Berry. Mr Mirams, and Mr Wrixou. There is no doubt that overtures have been re peatedly made to MrFrancis from the Oppo sition side, with] a view of inducing him to take the lead in a movement to upset the present Government, but the lion, gentle man has not yet consented. The report is discredited and denied. The World understands that the editor ship of the Melbourne Hevicw is about to change hands, Mr H. G. Turner, of the Com mercial Bank, undertaking control of the journal. It is reported (writes the Worhl) that a certain bank official, who has appeared some what prominently in a recent bank defalca tion case, will probably re-appear in public to answer for statements he has made re flecting on an old brother official. It is also said that the bank concerned will have to give some satisfactory explanation for au alleged act of injustice. The Chief Secretary has received a tele gram from the -Agent-General with reference to the mail Eervice. The Agent-Gcnural states that the Colonial Office has informed him that the I'ost master- G en eral has proposed, and the Cabinet have ap proved of, tho appointment of a committee consisting of renrcsent^tives from the Treasury, Post Office" India and Colonial Offices, to consider the question of the despatch of mails during tho mon soon. Last night's II orb! reports that a poor fellow named Henry llumburg was brought up in charge of the police yesterday. A con stable found him trying to hang himself to a lamp post recently. In court he made a rambling speech, declaring himself a prophet whose mission it was to foretell the day of judgment. He was remanded for medical enquiry. Mr G. P. Marrack, secretary of the Marong shire, is the one recently reported as irregular in his accounts. He has been missing for some days, and has taken with him the shire books, precluding the au ditors from making a proper audit of shire accounts, Mr J. H. Abbott has withdrawn from his candidature for a seat in the Legislative Council, rendered vacant by the resignation of the hon. Alexander Fraser, a member for the North-Western Province. Mr Abbott will he a probable candidate for the Sand hurst province, created under the new Re form Bill, an election for which will take place next year. A slight tremor of earthquake was felt at Maryborough at 4 o'clock on Monday morn ing. It was so slight and felt by so very few persons thatit was at lirst thought they were mistaken : but it is now ascertained to have been noticed by a sufficient number to authenticate the assertion. The Crown has commenced proceedings against two well known promoters of sweeps in Melbourne. Summonses were issued on Monday, charging them with the offence, and are returnable in a few days. It is believed that the Crown is in possession of reliable information to maintain the prosecu tion. On Saturday a woman named Kearney attempted to commit suicide by jumping into a waterhole at the rear of her premises at Stawell. She was rescued by her hus band, and the police were sent for. When the sergeant arrived, she stole from tho honse, and again jumped in. She was again taken to land, and lodged in the lock-up. Drink and domestic bickerings are the cause of the attempts. It is probable (says the Colac Herald) that the completion of the Colac to Camper down railway line will be considerably de layed, in consequence of the non-arrival of rails from England, the order for which was not sent forward as soon as it should have been. The other lines which will be delayed from the same cause are :-Horsham to Dim boola, Inglewood to Marong Vale, St. Ar naud to Donald, Eaglehawk to Mitiamo, and Caulfield to Frankston. A telegram from Warrnambool to tho Argus Bays :-" A man named King, who was charged with drunkenness at the police court on Monday morning, stated that Go throw, the landlord of the Rob Roy Hotel, kept him locked in a room and plied him ?with colonial beer from Tuesday till Friday morning, when he turned him out in a state of dclerium tremens, and without a cent in his pocket, though he had £12 when he went into the house. The Bench instructed the police to bring tho matter before the Licensing Court when Gothrow applies for his license." A cruel practical joke is reported to have been played upon a youth who recently visited some friendB at Wagga Wagga. He was taken out opossum shootiDg by some of his young friends, who had previously arranged that one of their number should climb a tree, and personate a ghost by covering himself with a sheet. Suddenly the alarm was given, and the conspirators decamped in feigned alarm, but, soon recovering " their courage,they persuaded their young guest to fire at the ghost, having previously taken the precaution to see that his gun was only loaded with powder. The ghost descending from the tree approached the party, and so terrified the lad that he became insensible, and it was fully six weeks before he regained his usual health. The news has just reached Wilcannia of a dreadful accident which occurred on Wed nesday last, five miles below Thackaringa, on the boundary between South Australia and New South Wales. Mrs Campbell and five children lived in a tent about half a mile from the Government dam, on the New Sonth Wales side of the boundary. Ac companied by her three eldest children, Mrs Campbell went to the dam for water, leav ing a little girl of five years of age and a baby at the tent. It is supposed that the high wind blew some ashes from the fire to the tent in which the two children were, and set fire to it. Although the mother Baw the fire from the dam, sho could not reach the tent in time, and her two children were burned to ashes. The father was awav shearing. An application was made yesterday to his Honor Mr Justico Higinbotham, in chambers, to compel the plaintiff in an action of Ellis v. Woods to give security for costs, or to have the action removed from the Supreme to the County Court, on the ground that the plaintiff had no means to pay costs if he was unsuccessful in the action. The plaintiff is editor of the Colac Reformer, and the de fendant is proprietor of the Colac Herald. .The action is brought to recover damages for alleged libel contained in a report of another libel action of Ellis v. Woods (not the pre sent plaintiff) published in the Colac Herald. His Honor, after reading the affidavits on both sides, refused the application. A sad fatality occurred on Sunday even j wg in the Campaspc river, Echuca, by which j two young girla were drowned. Tho girls I were both aged about 14 years, one being , named Elizabeth M 'Arthur, and tho second 1 Ada Laugh!in. Th«y were swimming in tho river abuut 7 o'clock, when Miss M'Arthur noticed that her companion was distressed. She immediately went to her assistance, and, the other girl I clasping her round the neck, they I both sank in a death embrace. The I accident was witnessed by the grand mother of one of the children, who gave the alarm. Mr (J. Tattau was speedily on the : fcpot and jumped iu, but failed to find the i girls, who had sunk. The river banks were soon afterwards crowded with people, aud many others weieia swimming and diving, but the bodies were not recovered until after 11 p.m., when they were found clasped in each other's arms in about lift of water. A Paris manufacturer claims to have dis covered a process for substituting tho leaves of the eucalyptus tree, which in burning ! emit a delicious perfume, for tobacco leaves in making cigars. i The total number of volunteers in England I and Scotland, provided for in the army estimates for 1SSU SI, was 245,54S-32ng I land, 199,949 ; Scotland, 45,099. I A drunken man at Buffalo fooled with two of the " brushes" iu an electric light genera tor, and was picked up dead. Fully a dozen men have been killed about electric lights in the past year. The North British Advertiser of 2nd July gravely informs its Scottish readers that wild horses are so plentiful in the Australian bush that they are shot down like rabbits and kangaroos, and that one man shot 3000 iu two years. Iu making excavations for a public garden iu front of the cathedral iu the city of Mexico, a column of the cathcdral erccted in the year 1526 was discovered. Her Majesty was (says a London paper) eo struck the other day with tho rapidity and apparent ease with which a lady was propelling a tricyclo along the Veutuor road, at the Isle of Wight, that she had one of the same kind (a Salvo) ordered to Osborne for the benefit of the Princesses. This must bo a great cucouragement to tricyclers, who hitherto have been rather sneered at by bicyclists and the world in geueral. Else where we hear of a ladies' tricycle club being formed, with a special costume suited to the exigencies of tho situation-something be tween the Turkish and Hloomer dress, a development, iu fact, of kuiekcrbockcrs, with a Norfolk shirt for the "body." Pos sibly those ladies will now endeavor to secure her majesty as president of their association, The current number of the Illustrated Australian J^ews contains tho following illus trations :-"Shooting for the Queen's prize," " Moonlight in the Strathbogie llanges," " Saturday night at the Eastern Market," " The flood in Melbourne:" a very realistic picture, "A playful kitten," and some minor illustrations. The donation of £2 2s from Messrs M'Crackon and Co., of Melbourne, in aid of the Catholic Orphanages' Bazaar, was re ceived by Mrs Sheridan, of the Haymarket Hotel, in Yarra-strect. Mr J. P. Tully will sell by auction, at noon to-daj\ household furniture aud cfTccts at the Manchester Arms Hotel, Malop strcet. The adjourned meeting of the Political Reform Association will be held at the Free Library this evening. This evening the Australiau Natives Democratic Association will meet to consider the political situation. A meeting of the Geelong Yacht Club will be held at the Victoria Hotel this evening. A battalion parade of the Geelong Artil lery will take place this evening. A public meeting will be held at the Mount Moriac Hotel next Tuesday evening, for the purpose of electing trustees for the Mount Moriac racecourse and recreatiou reserve. Next Tuesday a bazaar in aid of the Catholic Orphanages will be opened in the Exhibition Mall by the Ven. Archdeacon flattery, D.D. The Condor is again to tho fore, with another challenge for a sailing match in the bay. The Carwon Paper Mill Compauy invite tenders for the supply of from 20 to 200 tons of clean open straw. 