ADAM HIMSELF SPEAKING. | i Br Max Ajucler. I made up my mind," said the reporter, that if the ghost ever appeared in 5 my bed room again I would overcome my fears and speak to it, instead of bnrying j my head under the covers, as I dii the sure enough the next eleven I heard a faint and I looked around, There sat the spectre in the chair. I sat j right up and said, withjome firmness, al-| tliou-hmy i voice trembled x li j :. « Who Ire you ?" T " I am nobody particular n "I am nobody particular now,' said the ghost," but I was Adam." "Adam who?" " Ha.' no family name." There was but one family of us, and they all knew me. I was the first man, you know. You must have heard of me T " Yes,iudecd," says the reporter, " I'm sorry I can't shake hands,' said the ghost, " but you might as well try to shake hands with me as with a fog bunk, Ti It's , ~ not — sociable, : ~ t ,; -'" you know, n o w > but 1 ' help it." Oh, never mind," said the. reporter, " I'm glad to see you, all the same." Your name is Johnson, ain't it?" asked the spectre. No, my name is Jackson," replied the reporter. " Pshaw !" said the ghost " I was looking for a man named Johnson ; but my eyesight is so bad that I couldn't read your door-plate distinctly. The worst of it., too, I can't wear spcctaclcs; nothing is substantial enough to hitch them to. I wish some of you people would invent an eyeglass that can be worn by near-sighted ghosts. You would confer a genuine benefaction on the folks living in the i other world." ! " What was your business with Johnson, for perhaps I can -" ' " Well, in the first place, I understand ! that lie is one of a committee appointed to get up a statue of me in the city of ! lihnira. I have been in to see that statue, : aud I want to ask Johnson where he got i the idea that I used to wear a straw hat 1 and whiskers. I want to know, also, what I authority he had for giving me a Iioman nose." | " Hadn't you one of that kind ?" ! " Why, man, the Iiomans hadn't introduced that variety of nose iu my time! j I And Johnson has had me represented !j with a huge serpent lying at my feet. Now, what was the use of bringing up | painful reminiscences of that kind ? Why j not let the matter drop? Hanged if I ;|j;jj like it !»• " It's an outrage." " Between ourselves," said the spectre, locking his misty fingers over his knee, " I don't think much of the statue busi- ness anyhow. Do you know what they did ? Too stingy to make a fresh piece j of sculpture out of a fresh piece of j marble, they bought up a second-hand j statue of Benjamin Franklin at auction j and hired a man to work it over into me. j Doesn't look a particle like me. And, ! anyhow, Franklin was no kind of man to j " li . ,Ke me (rrecnbatkcr ' or 80n,c - ! thing, was,, t he ? ; Another ? c S° us ' thing , er Uu " I want <1 U1C with respectable.' Johnson . is ; ; to sec it he can make arrangements with ; soiue reliable Spiritualistic medium. I've ' been crowded out in tlie cold for about i 4000 years, with no chance to participate j in any thing. Now, I'm the man that . started this world. I gave it a send-off, i *nd it really does 6eem hard that I can't j f P. re * s "'^/'/"'s * newspaper, or tie- j fend fr o , m ca ] uuln > ' 3" st j 1 l, a l'l ,en to be dca<1 ? uoxv . do, -* n t s I it r j " » 1)1,4 we think you ' t o ° k . in , tcres J things." "Certainly. I often feel as if I'd like to express an opinion about the tariff, or the elections, or the buzzard dollar, or popular education, or something of that kind ; and then, of course, I^ve wants to ! hear everything about the fashions. I • wish there was some way for a ghost to j save a little money, so that I'd subscribe j to a fashion journal or two, just to quiet her. Do you know of anything I could get at?" " How would it do to make an engagement at the theatre to appear as the ghost of Hamlet's father or the ghost of Banquo ?" lt doesn't strike me very favorably. It < might be considered rather undignified in | the father of a race to be hanging around ; among sccnc- shifiers and fiddlers. Be- j sides, they have too much light on the ' stage for me ,; I cau't get into shape U1 unless : there is absolute.darkness. And then, - - - - - - - — J you J know, I'd be exposed to insult When we ! hear a cock crow we are obliged to flit, j Now, suppose right in the middle of a j performance some miserable boy should j crow. Even if I knew it was a false alarm j I would be so unnerved that I couldn't go j on, but most likely I'd vanish as soon as I j heard it just from force of habit No, the proposition doesn't strike ine. Seems unfair, though, doesn't it, that a man who owned the entire earth can t call a dollar his OWD ?" " If a am all loan *\i'l be of any service to -ou I will gla lly—" said the reporter. * "You're mightv kind; but here, you ' se?, w.s encounter another difficulty. I \Vh;Te'm I going to put a dollar when I s get it? I havn't got a pocket about me j that'll hold a cent. Young man, a ghost; has no chance at all. Keep out of the business as long as you can." The reporter said he should. " And now I really must be going. The sun rises so disgustingly aarly at this time of your. I think I shall go around tomorrow night and haunt Johnson, if lean find him. If you should happen to see him I wish you'd mention it to him so as to prepare his mind. People are always scary at first with us. Perfect nonsense, too, don't you see? You can stir all around inside of me, just as if I wasn't there." " Wonderful," said the reporter, " very wonderful. I never believed in ghosts before. The oddest thing is, that you, who lived so long, should take an interest i:i modern politics." " I5ut I do, though," said the spectre. " Perhaps you will toll tu* if you arc in favor of Hancock or Gar—" Just at this juncture, the reporter said a cock crew in the yard below, and the ; ghost of Adam suddenly vanished. It was 1 most unfortunate, too, for his political opinions would have been interesting. 