news in brief On oqr fourth pago will bo found a talc. Wo will in future give each day, on the fourth pngo, nn into renting story, original or'solectod. Metropolitan Troop P.W.L.H., will firo second comnotition for theltronhv nreflontivl hw Messrs M'iican Brothers and Itigg, oil Satur day, t ho 1st October, at 2 p.m. The 14 Assembly" will bo found in our fourth pago. - An advertisement in our columns offer The Duchess in Millers Sweep for sale. The striking of gold in the Hopburn Dome Paddock Co. will open up an immonse aroa of alluvial ground. There can be no doubt that the gold bearing country runs right on to Dunolly, an immense area of country. Thoro are 18,000sliarosinthoJCoinpany,whichare uow. worth L9 17s 6d per snare, Tho last now thing from Glasgow.-- Lord of the Isles, to convoy 2000 passengers at. a rate of 25 miles per hour. Iranian's noxt now boat to bo built by ' Rtiddick, of Boston. British iron steamships aro'monopolising tho- , cominerco of tho world. ! Tho usual two per cent, half-yearly bonus of ' the Union Bauk of Australia discontinued for the present. .Population of tho Transvaal : 774,930 Kallirs, 33,739 Boors, 5310 whites other than Boors. At a convention of American bankors at Niagara Palls 2000 delegates were present. Diocosan Synod in Christchurck petitioning against Sunday trams. Hartmann, tho Nihilist, was enthusiastically welcomed in Now York by tho radical Democrats, who drink boor in Justus Schwab's saloon. Preparing for contingencies in New Zealand, and yet the Native Minister says the natives aro planting crops, are good tempered, and evince no warlike symptoms. A Toowooinba Grammar School boy was r'r knocked on tho head by a bough of a tree, < which ho had topped to got a native. bear;":'! Concussion of the brain; very little iiopdbf rccovory. 'i.'.i r.cr :mIJ Crops in England and America much belotfr : thenverage. :./:j .v>. iw.'j Mr Gladstone recogniaos- -tho- imperative1-''' necessity of dealing; with S tho English' 'Lakd l :ii; Lniws soonor orrlater. ' r ; : i ln»l Sir C. £( Duify writes to. the Irish pe6pl®::"< that.aU,.t|ie.ir;;grievancesi"4ire swept 1 away.,: 11 Ndvortholosa,. Ire land makes nopublic oxpres-',|J eion of gratitude to Sir Charles or the Govurii-'- rt'v mdnt. v ;:-aj x r.ilJ \ U Spain. at last awatoiung. i Result of 'recent-' 'Olebtions; the return -of a. majority -of- <J4P,i:v iDynastifli Liberals. Garlist and- Ultramontannv';;',:i candidates oveiy whore defeated. 1. !: Wo team from a New Zdaland> johrnal that' ''' Alexander Rodanow,. - alias Gaug, '' triod'1-11- ' Boston, Mass, on a clmrgo of using tlte XTnitecf States i\stnl Department for fraudulent pur-'-'1 v .;poaesj >vas;.acquit,ted,. through >'defectivb' 'eVi-'h' dencc. " .< -"..ii r.-ri m ;.« of 1,he ,Duko;of Argylo cempared the mbmttarsa of fho. pabinet ho, has forsaken, to jelly fishi1'1 And .yet the' backbone seeniodi uncommonly '1' still when the noble duko.tried.to bond- it to 'hisTwill.,.; 1 V 1 : i ' v'l'l.'M1 About 5 i per ; cent of . horses shipped' !-front' Molbourno to ;CMcutta - usually dio'-oniba1"' vovago;but the mortality; through bas ofton boon much groster. -H - ' -iJ/l Sir Arthur Gordon lias gone to Fiji, anct h'"1 thoro aro rumors afloat that ho may nob re-''-' turn to Now Zealand. Now Zoalaudors will not.dio of griof thereat. Sir Arthur's lot, though a high, is not a happy one. Even the ' Fijinns are getting tired of him. Some unoccupied land in New Zealand still. Mr James Stewart, C.E., made a rough, sur- voy of lino from Cambridge to Rotorua $ dis tance, Go miles ; estimated cost, L220,500. It opens up 2,000,000 acres of good agricultural laud. Tho victory of Iroquois, in tho Epson Derby, was known in New York before the jockey bad dismounted from tbo saddle. The oxercising track at St. Albans is laid down witb minute sea-aholls, Lorillard's breeding and training establish" icout for racers is the largest in tho United States. Wells, ;the jockey, said that Fisherman, in. a race, always struggled for the outside running. Archer won the Derby on Silvio, Bond Or, and Ironuois. Tho( skeleton of Sir Hercules, sire of the Barb, is proscrved in the Sydney Musouin. Inkertuon, tho racer, was token out of one of Cobb's coach. Instead of a tandem, it is a dashing stylo to . drive a pair abreast, one on an outrigger, and - tho two joined by an elegant silvered bar across tho collars, with room for tho onds to play » little, in rings. The great Molbourno race of 1850 was when black Wavcrloy beat grey Boss o'Bodlam, When Geoqgo IV. was actually dying he in sistcd on receiving tho latest news From Epsom Races which, was then in progress. Day's Racehorse in Training, is far and away the best work on the subject. A human itarian. reformer is needed in tho matter of bits for horses. The pupils of the Ladies Riding School ex- , cite a mild sensation, as they prance through tho Melbourne streets. Rices new History of the Turf, 2 vols, la amusing but not always correct. - ' Germany and Russia maintain, vast breed- ing studs for cavalry and artillery horses. It is fashionable for ladies to rise in tho saddlo trotting, ;- Crucifix only cost L20 as a yearling, but she won L30,000 in stakes alono ; as a two-year old was novcr beaten, and never raced after- ' wards. English racing stock dates from tho God- . olphin Arabian andDarloy Arabian of Charles Ii'stimo. Thirty tons of goods in Wagga, lost weok, from Albury by teams, which; of course in tho first instanco came from Melbourne. It means . eays tho Sydney Echo, but plainly that, in tho 1 gamo of comnotition with Victoria; we aro getting thrashed. But have wo put' out tho last ounco of energy ? The . fathor is blind, and the mother in hospital, and tho eldest boy (10 years) does tho - shopherding? wliilo six othor infants are left to care for themselves. Such is the condition oE - a family at Invoroll. And thoy ask help. Surely with reason. Two brothers of Dean Stanley aro buried in those southern lands ; the elder, once com mander of the llattlosnako — after whom tho Owen Stanley mountains, Now Guinea, aro named—at North Shore, tho younger' in that - , very peaceful resting placo at Hobart. Wharves and piors of Lyttleton Harbour, Now Zealand, to bo illumiuated by eloctno light. . . Tocal, the best horse over got by Tho Barb, had a fight with a gelding in a paddock in Queensland, whoro ho was locatod, and knock ing tho gelding down, foil ovor him and brolco his own neck. Dr L, L. Smith's racehorses will bo Bold .by auction. on Tuesday noxt. Princess, tho dam of Duchess, tho Mel- . bourne Cup favorite, is by King Alfrod, from Spitfire,' by Richview, from a maro by Travel ler, from a Now South Wales maro, pedigro® unknown. Mr Murphy, William street, lias patented a new stylo of portmanteau.Tho top and bottom , aro oach punched out of a squaro pioco oE bullock hide, so that there is no sowing, Thia work is done by powerful machinery. Mc . Murphy claims that his portinantoauB am- mucn stronger than those which aro cold at present. « , , Cricket season opens on Saturday. A ghost is said to walk nightly in tho Now Cemetery, Ballarat. A diamond drill is to bo askod for by tiiQ Queen Mary Company, St. Arnaud. A gun club has boon formed at Salo. Tho - Ballarat club's rules have been adopted. Petitions for a division of tho Manduranfj electorate are being numerously signed. . Twelve men sunk tho shaft of tne Parkin's Reef Company 8 foot during the past fortnight, whilst six mon with a National roelc-boror . sunk tho shaft at tho Tarrangowor Company 224 feet during tho samfi period of time, and in considerably harder ground. Any 00m- ment, says tbo Times, on labour sarins. . machinery is unnecessary, . > >: ... 