FELINE GOSSIP While cats have boen known, like tho famished mothers in Jerusalem, to devour their own offspring, they havo also been known, when deprived of their kittens, to adopt yonng hares, hedgehogs, rats and . even, chickens. The unusual sight of a rat and fivo young ones in the same nest with a cat and three kittens has been seen in Edinburgh. Tortoiae-alioll cats especially aro clever at opening doors-; others, deplorable poachers on week days, become, tho very pink of propriety as soon as Sabbath-day comes round. Besides being capita] hunters and mole-catchers, others can fish, ring door bells, steal cream, and break eggs in a most systematic manner. Bat let the following anecdotes speak for themselves. The cat that gravely laid a portion of its dinner in front of a mouse holo and then re tired to await tho result had surely something in common with the human speculator and quack, who docs pretty nearly the samo thing . through a newspaper advertisement. While black cats aro supposed by tho superstitious to havo some connection with the Evil One, Dthers make capital ghosts. A farmhouse- in tlio north country was haunted by an invisi ble ghost, which for a considerable time had been in the habit ot ringing a certain bell; »nd th£ most lamentable results wore about to fbllowTwhen the farmer with tho family Biblo, »nd a student with a bottle of whisky, sat up »U night and effectually laid the ghost. It WO3 . iiscovorcd, very much to their satisfaction, that tho bell had been rung by Puss in her ef forts to seize tho handle, which consisted of a hare'B-foot. Many people havo heard of tho ploughman's wise and affectionate cat Mysio. A ploughman at the foot of tho Ochils had beoji long ill— his homo was in poverty — when tho doctor said the poor man would dio if his Itrcngrh was not kept up by stimulants and animal food. Let tho sequel bo told in the ? words of the ploughman's wife. 'I put awa' my marriago gown and ring to get him wine j but we had nothing in tho house but milk and Veal. Surely, sir, it was the Lord himself that ?rat it into that cat's head; for that same night , sho brought in a fine young rabbit, and laid it ; on the verra bed ; and tho next night the same, and every night the same, for a month, whiles a rabbit and whiles a bird, till George ? -was up and going to hiB work as usual. But she never brought anything hamo after that' Tho ingenuity shown by cats in opening doors is . sometimes remarkable. A largo cat in the country was in the habit of opening the doorfor himself in tho following manner. The handle of the door was one of the old-fashioned hooped land, which required to bo grasped and the latch , pressed with the thumb. ' He leapt on to tho mndow-sillwhichwasnearthedoor.sprnnefrom there andcaught the hoop withhis forepaw, and ' bung on till he pressed down the latch with the other— this operation requiring considerable force— when tho door swinging open, pusB dropped to tho floor, and quietly walked in.' pi a like ingenious manner a cat has beon known to open akitchen-dres3crdoorby work . Ing the bar which acted as a fastener round , from a horizontal to a perpendicular position ?pa thus gaining ingress. \- v 8°.me correspondents of OAamiert't Journal ? . furnish excellent anecdotes. One writes :— .'A friend of mine has a cat which gives a double knock at tho street-door when it wants . to get in. ,Tho house has a tide-door, whioh .' has. the upper panels glass, and tho knocker is placed below this j so that by standing on ita hmo-lega it can reach tho knocker, which it . . . Jakes hold of with both paws, and gives a re \- feular double knock. Visitors who do not know. Tom's tnook do not notice anything fo ., / ' different from that given by a human beme . andfindit very difficult to beliovo it is the oat until waiting till the knock is repeated the' \- £SP.r *»: opened, and Master Tom walks in ,. ffiat he fa fabefora^the house is shut up, as ho ., has several times returned home in the middle ? ?:?» &?ol.(* 'rfgnVandlnock/Jd, agam ^^ ^^ .y^^nomo .ono Us .been /compelled to getnp .faojpdieaiaftaswer to his iummon% ne £& stand purring for a short time and then walk away, ns if he enjoyed tho fun of giving them the trouble for nothing.' Another contributor writeB :— ' \\\ c had a horse whioh was kept in a stablo not far from the houBO, and into tho stablo my man intro duced n kitten, and a very close intimacy soon grew up between the kitten and the horso. I have often seon her on his back, which her equine friend qnito seemed to understand, and she mndo her bed just under his manger, and we havo frequently seen them having bits of fun togothor. Tho horso would advance his head towards her, when puss Would put up both her paws and pretend to scratch his uoae, which he seemed rather to enjoy ; and then ho would seize grimalkin by tho skin of her neck in hi3 teeth, and lift her up and quietly drop her, only to repeat the game, which both seemed to enjoy. After a while we sold the horse, whereupon the cat seemed quito discon solate. Previously tho stable had been her homo, whore she always stayed except for an occasional run in tho garden. But now sho could not be induced to stay there, and for weeks she lamented tho loss of her friend by fretting and mowing about tho house.' ' I am tempted,' says n, third correspon dent, ' to inquire whether instances are eom mon of cats showing affection for strangers at first sight. Twice this has happened to mo ; once on return from India after eight years' absence, and tho second time on Jlatherau hill near Bombay. On tho former occasion, having reached home in tho forenoon, I waa taking a solitary walk in the garden after lunch, when a strange cat trotted np to me, rubbed itself against me, rolled on the path and frisked about in front of mo, never ceasing its demonstrations until I ro-entered tho house and room, into which it accom pauied me. I was on the point of oxpress ing my surprise and gratification at the warm welcome their pet had given, me, when my father exclaimed : ' What 1 a oat 1 you nover saw a cat in ihis house ;' and poor Pass, frightened at tho tone of voice, flew out of tho room, and was never seen again. Precisely the same extravagant tones of regard were shown me at Matheran on entering n house that had been closoly Bhut up during the rains. In this instance tho cat belonged to the Mallee who lived on the premises, but it was a recent acquisition, and had never Been me before. The attachment was also short lived like the. former one, and ended that morning by puss being caught with its head in the butter-dish when breakfast was announced, Both animals were well-grown.' 'An anec dote which has just reached me from America,' writes a fourth contributor, ' seems to outdo all former records. About a year ago, a cat unheralded and unknown, came to tho house of Mrs. Leonard, a lively Irishwoman, living at 93 Fifteenth- street, South Brooklyn, United States ; and thedayafterpussy's arrival she was found on a nest of eggs which a hen had deserted. Madame Puss was driven off the eggs repeatedly, for fear she would break them, but persisted in returning and lying on them. At last, - to the astonishment of the household, she appeared with four chicks, which she had succeeded in hatching 1 Since then, she has hatched four broods; and on 8th November, when my_ correspondent wrote to me sho was hatching a fifth 1' The writer says : ' When I called to see this ohicken hatching cat I found In one corner of the kitchen a large bird-cage, around which a dozen good-sized chickens were strutting and picking up a meal. Inside tho cage, on sosio straw, was tho cat, covering four eggs. In order to do this, sho stretched herself full length over thorn, and so hid them from view.' Mrs. Leonard says : ? She leaves them at intervals, but only for a short time ; and the chickens Bho has brought into the world show as much filial affection for her as is generally Bhown- by chickB for their natural mother.' The cat has always evinced great kindness towards her offspring. When her first brood appeared, she carried one chicken up a Btair, taking it cat-fashion by the back of tho neck, The chicken's skin being tender, blood flowed from tho young biped ; but the cat applied her tongue to the wound daily until it healed, and now the chicken is a full-grown hen.' The affection of a certain cat for a pug dog was great, and the following are two instances showing its affection and intelligence : — ' The cat was constantly observed to bring live mico to the pug, and wo all were amused at the cat pushing tho mouse before tho pug, who was much more alarmed than pleased. Our pug becamo very fat, and we gave strict orders to our servants not to feed him ; still, as pug con tinued fat, we watched him, and we found that he ate the scraps that were left for tho pigs. This place was accordingly boarded over, so that pug could not get over tho barricade. Nevertheless, to our astonishment, pug con tinued as fat as ever ; when we discovered that the cat used to climb over the boards and bring over with her bones of chieknn and fish for pug, who was waiting expectantly on the other side.' Tho story which follows is a striking ex ample of affection in one of tho lower animals : 'Kevin was not three years old when I came to Scotland on the visit which dosed his career. He had from Wttenhood showed an extraordinory affection for me. When I went out Kevin accompanied me to the hall door, and as aoon as it was closed took up his station on the dining-room window-sill, to watch ino out of sight. There too, 1 often found him awaiting my return, and the moment I ap peared ho would leave his perch and rush to meet mo at tho door. Kevin did not approve ? of late morning hours, but generally came to awake me regularly at Beven o'clock. Of tho other members of the family he was very fond and as long as I was at home was always willing to take food or caresses from any ono of them. On my departure, however, ail was . changed. No persuasion could induco him to touch his best- loved dainties. At first he took a little milk, but soon he refused that as well ? and he also gave up all care of his personal appearance, bo that his usually spotless fur becamo unkempt and dirty. Every day Kevin went to my room, and, Beating himself on my bed, uttered a succession of most piteous howls which wrung the hearts of the entire house!' hold- but' they -mire unable to comfort him. This .went on till poor Kevin was reduced to the skeleton of his former self, and was nearly dead for want of the food which his grief would not allow him to toko. One day, when his ond w«a evidently noar, he oamo feebly in from the garden and walked np to my room, as if with a lingering hope that I might havo returned. Ho glanced round it, uttered a deBpairlntr howl, and fled from the house, which he never entered again. This was the last time my laithfulcatwasBeeninlUe^andit is supposed 'he had dragged himself away to dio in soli ''Another correspondent to the Seoi*n«r, give. a brief biographical account of so rcral ? of » feline friemls. 'So. 1 v»* » »--«?«* f ™ eray brindled ltind, which I belimo is tlio Scottish breed. She, like Ntarod, was a right; hunter. Hares, rabbits and partridge* all fell victims to' her sporting- l-roP™»«* What is remarkable is, that whatever she killed she invariably brought home ami laid at my mother's feet. If they were worth keep ng, as they often were, they were appropriated, while pussy sang her song of pleasure ; if the} wore nohvortbkeeping, they were given hack to her, and she devoured them with relish. She ate none till they were lifted and then thrown down to her again. She was fond of fish, but, unlike other cats, she was willing to wet her fret for them. Often has she been watched sittin' on the burn bank until a trout came within reich,whcn down went her paw and out came the trout, almost without f/iil. Iso. 2 was a tom-cat, red and white. Like No. 1, he was a mighty hunter. At first he brought the fruits of tlio chose home ; but afterwards became moro selfish, and devoured what he could on the spot. What was left, ho kept hidden until it was required. Perhaps your readers may consider what follows about him as incredible, hut it is a fact nevertheless. He scorned to become weary of tho lying-in-wait process of j catching game, and actually en deavored to run down hares by speed of foot 1 Ever after (that wo considered him ns having ' a want.' | He was shot because, when a certain garjlener was shooting partridges, Gib pounced ppon a covey, and deprived tho sportsman-gardener of his game. Out of re venge, ho lodged the flhot in poor Gib.' A lady in Norfolk writes as follows :? ' Wo had a cat that always came to family wor ship. Sha knew the bell, and would rseo from the gardea or yard to reach the door ere it was olosod, then tako her placo demurely on tho hearthrug, and sit erect with tail curled gracefully! round her paws. When her kitten was old fnough to enjoy tlio privilege, the mother made her come too and sit by her Bide iu precisely thej same position, gravely reprov ing any inclination to play.' Wo close our selection with the following ?extraordinary instance of a cat drowning itself, the facts being vouched for by a corres pondent in Perthshire who writes as follows: — 'I have never been able to find a proper solu tion for the pithy sajing, 'Care killed a cat j' but recently a circumstance occurred which may throw come light upon tho mattor, and prove an interesting addition to your anecdotes of animals] Some of us a few days ago wore looking from a club window which commands a fine view of the North Inch of Perth, and were struck by the erratic movements of a large black cat. Tho creature was wandoring about upon the Inch in a listless and it seemed an aimless fashion, Bitting down now and then, ftntl after abriof pause resuming its lolterings. Presently it moved down the river side towards the bridge which spans the Tay, and we lost Bight of tho animal and also of our upeculations. Next day, as I was crossing tbo bridge, an acquaintance hid hold of me, and told mo that he had something curious to communicate in the way of natural history. During Ms constitutional, his attention was arrested by the figure of a black cat sitting upon a h«ap of stones, and wearing an aspect of the most strange dejection. Passing on, ho turned round after a little, and perceived tho cat following slowly in his track. Then it came close up to him, gazed plteouBly In hla face, and gave utterance to a loir wail of. peculiar anguish/ Holding out his hand to tho distressed creature, he said : ' Poor Pnssy I what's tho matter with yonf It looked at him steadily for a moment ; and then descend ing to tho river in silence, leapt in, and, keep, ing its whole body resolutely under, waa drowned in two minutes without one at tompt to escape from its fate. Is it known to any one of your rkders that animals aro addicted, liko men and women, to the sin of suicide? We havo all read of tho scorpion putting an end to its ngony by tho keen poniard of its own Bting; but wo nro hi the habit of identifying suicide with those of tho human species who cannot bear to face their own actions. 'Could it be that poor grimalkin was under mental aberration ? Or had care really killed tho cat ? Wero the cares of life too much for this unfortunate of tho felino tribe? When we think of the proverbial dis liko of cats oven to wet their glossy pawa, the act recorded evinceB a deep determination of purpose and a fixed loathing of life.' Mr. .T. Dwyer will hold the briefs for the Crown at the Salo assizes in February next. On Sunday last, about noon, tho inhabitants of Elthom were much surprised by tho sudden outburst of several alarming bush fires, which commenced simultaneously, and apparently spontaneously, in tho most unaccountable manner. The dwelling and premises of Mr. H. G. Jones, J.P., wore only saved from de Btruotion by tho greatest exertions on the port of Senior-constable Lyons and Mr. W. Ford jun.,who arrived first upon tie ground.and pro^ oeeded to burn thogross around tho buildlngf At this juncture the dry branch of a tall treo caujrht fire, and kept emitting sparks which were Wiiled about near the outhouses, threatening thoir destruction, as the hot blasts of wind and the hoat Df tho weather had mado everything In the moat inflammable stale. Constable Lyons, at very considerable haiard, climbed tblB tree, with an axe in his bolt, and cut ting off the branch, averted this daneer, A large number of neighbors having assembled to give assistance, tho fire was kept in check and beyond the destruction of fences little damage has been done. 