iOCAl AND GENERAL. 1 Maech Rents.— The rents received at the Beenleigh land office up to Uie 31st March, i amounted to £2224 18a. 4d. for conditional ' I selections, and £S2 13s. 91. for homestead ? , 'total £2307 12b. 1. CbiCket Match.— The first match of the season is to he played between Waterford and the Logan Village, at Waterford, on Saturday next, the 9th instant. Watbefobd Division. — The only nomina tion for the pl&cc; resigned by Mr. Finch as a member of No.. 1-Sabdivision was that of Mr. David Vievers* On Thursday at noon Mr. Watt, the chairmann of the board, declared Mr. Vievcrs duly elected. Races for Queen's Birthday.— A moetiug was held at the Royal Hotel on Monday afternoon lost, to promote races to be held on the Yatala course on the 24th May next There mas a good muster of people there Mr. James Gibson was voted to the chair, and i introduced the subject in a few- appropriate remarks. It was deemed advisable to form a committee to call the stewards appointed toge ther on Monday afternoon next, so that a pro gramme can be issued at an early date. The stewards nominated were Messrs. George Binstead, Jesse Daniels, Gcorgo Follows, Francis Gooding, J. H. Hiuchcliffc, S.*-F. Shelly, W. IL- -Spenccr, A. Thorsborne, W. Weaber, and*Hr Welsh. Mr. Gibson was appointed judge, and tbe races proposed to be run were a Maidoh plate, Handicap, Publi cans' handicap; Hurdle race, .OeaaoUtiou handicap, Hack race, find Stewards race. ' ' Tiis Vbrbjdale Csmktert.— Last Satur day's Government Gazette contained th« rnles and regulations of the Trustees of th« Yeresdale Cemetery. The '? Darling Dow-'b Gazette.' — This old established journal is to recede from beifyj^. ; . a Daily into a Tri-weekly paper. The weekly paper, the Agriculturist, is to be given up. The Mack at ' Fuee Phess.'— This journal ccases to exist at Mackay, the support accor ded by the Liberals not being sufficient to keep its head out of difficulties, and it has not been very judiciously managed. Another Spiritualist Paper.— Some kind friend or another has sent us the first tjvo numbers of another spiritualist paper printed ' in Brisbane As we stated on reviewing the tirst issue of the TelejpJioue, that it was really wonderful how some iunocenfc people oati be gulling themselves and others into believing such audacious humbug, so now we, are more surprised than ever, that a few deluded people calling themselves tbe ' Circle of Love and Friendship' can venture to put forth a local paragraph that the spirit .of Rfehard Baxter had given them sufficient |ests of bis identity,, and bad stated that ho would re-write hit work entitled the 'Saints Rest.1 Sach coq- ' sumte impudence could never be excelled. What a parody of a saints rest it must be, to think tli&t; tlie cacoet?ux saribendi has attaol ed ? tho tottering remains of old Baxter's ghost in Hades. What aparody of Baxter's gentus sit must also be, to think that if a second addition ' of such a sentimental book was wantod inthia mortal world, that old Baxter would not haver sense enough about the bawbees to have con sulted some of tho wealthy decendants of his fntnouB London publishers, who could do justice to the importance ofthe subject, in stead of coming all the wuy from Christs - Church to Brisbane, to consuU'3be 1 4 Cirfcle of Love and Friendship,' and have his book printed iu the penny. deceiver. Old Jeffreys ought to be behind that circle. . ' Richard J. Richard 1 doat thou think we'll hear thee poison the Co'irt. Richard, thou art an old fellow, an old knave, thou-ha^.i;wriUen books enough to igad a cart ; had'st thou been whipped out of - thy writing trade forty years ago, it had been happy.' And ferocious A tho old judge was, a miK course of'ftic same treatment might veiy beneficially be applied to spiri tualiet'c mediums tor the manifest injury they do the weak kuee'd^orliou of'tKe coraniunit/ , The writer of my experence since I left the' world'' is a very fitting subject for Woogaroc»r aud ought certainly to be there A Bbitisd Regiment Stbuokhv Light ning, — A terrible experience, almost uuique in military annals, comes to hand from tbe «Cape of Good Hope, in connection wifti.the raarch of the Diamond Field Horse to the scene of operations in Baustoland towards the end of last year. The men had outsp,,nued for breakfast, when a heavy thunderstorm. ' suddenly burst over them, so severe,; ia its effects that they were forced to abandon tbeir atteinpt to procure a meal, and remounted in the hope of riding out of the storm. Towards v. the afternoon, however, it broke upon them with increased violence, the rain falling ad. parently iu sheets, and the flashes of lightning appearing continuous. . At last, a flash struck, the troop, flinging seventeen horses with their riders to the ground, and'killing tea men and five horses on the spot. Those 'who were not killed were nil seriously injured, and it was long before animation could be restored in the case of seven of tho ^men, THfe bibs %nd stirrup-irons of the whole number wero blackened, and many of tho men, Ibough personally uninjured, had their clothing rsut by the fore© of the. electric discharge. The greatest difficulty Was&uatural;!y experienced in preventing a general stampede among tho frightened horses. -. * 