IN MEMORIAL. THE LATE MRS. JOHN RIDDOCH. On Sunday morning last the Rev. Mr. W. Grey, who is at present supplying the pulpit, preached a funeral sermon in the Presbyterian Church, Penola, in memory of the late Mrs. John Riddoch, of Yallum Park, who was buried on the Thursday previous. We publish the sermon in condensed form. The subject of the discourse was Jesus standing and knocking at the door, being taken from Rev. iii., 20. "Behold I stand at the door and knock; if any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him and he with me." The rev. gentleman prefaced his discourse by saying:- For many years I lived in St. Kilda; next to St. Kilda is a town called Prahran. Business often took me there. One day passing along Chapel- street, Prahran my eye caught sight of a picture in a shop window. I stopped to look. Long and earnestly I gazed upon that picture; it was indeed a beautiful one. Had you seen it you would never have forgotten it; it was the picture of One with a priestly robe on him, a kingly crown upon his head, a lantern in one hand, and with the other he was knocking at a barred and bolted door—a door all covered over with ivy and vines, the growth of many years. Oh! the attitude and expression of the whole person : so much pity, so much love, so much compassion, so much expectation depicted thereon. Having looked at it till I was satisfied, and marking the price (only a few shillings), I went away determined to possess that picture. A few days afterwards I went to purchase it, but it was gone, and I have regretted it ever since. The picture was a copy of Holman Hunt's " Christ, the light of the world," founded upon this very text. But why regret not having the picture when we can have the original itself. For, dear friends, 'tis Jesus himself who speaks to you in the words of our text, your risen and glorified Redeemer. He is addressing the lukewarm Church of Laodicea through the beloved but now banished Apostle John. He represents himself as standing and knocking at the door in the previous verse of chapter. He was with them in the market place entreating and beseeching the poor famishing multitudes that surrounded him to come and buy that which would be to their eternal benefit. " I counsel thee," says he, "to buy of me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich and white raiment that thou mayest be clothed." But the poor perishing mortal takes no heed of his kind offer; slights his invitations and leaves the Savior in disgust; standing in. the market place. He betakes himself to his own house, as poor, as destitute, as famishing as ever, and what is infinitely worse, denying that he is in such a desperate condition, and proudly murmuring to himself the delusive words " I am rich and increased in goods, and have need of nothing." He shuts the door of his house, bars it, and retires to rest. But the Savior, full of love and compassion, follows him home, and there he stands and knocks at the door. What a glorious picture drawn by himself of the ways and doings of the son of man with the children of men? What an exhibition of the love and condescension of the Savior of mankind. He is continually knocking, for he wants to live in their hearts by faith and holy love. This is what is meant by coming in and supping. In the first place we will notice: Who is it that knocks? No mere mortal, no wayfaring traveller who, having lost his road, humbly begs shelter for the night. No, it is the King of Kings himself, the Prince of Peace, God's Eternal Son, the head efjal] principality and power, and might and domiuinn. "Will you not admit him ? Will you still keep him out- . side knocking ? Would you treat auy earthly I fiiend in such a way? Would you not rather hasten with all your might to undo the bars ! and bolts if you knew that some loved one was outside waiting to be admitted. How much ' more theu ought you to hasten to admit .this { Royal visitor, this Divine guest, who is .the j greatest, the truest, and the best friend you j have, the true and tried friend of sinners. But I no, the door is shut, -and you inteiid to keep it shut. Such is the way that ignorant sinners treat their Savior. When he comes seeking ad- 1 mission into the sinuer's heart he finds it shut ' agaiust him. It is barred by iguorauce of' spiritual things, by thoughtlessness, by ineon- • sideraten&ss;, by the love of the world, by the love of sin, by prejudice, by pride, by passion, by a spirit of self-righteousness, hatred of God and hatred of holiness. If you give him admission he will dislodge a]I its impure bcdu- i pants, he will cleanse your heart and make it a j tern pie fit for the Holy Spirit to dwell in. He will ' dwell therein himself and adorn it with all the riches of his grace. Admit him then at once, delay not, time is preciousj admit him while he stands knocking at the door for he will not stand always, to morrow may be too late, he may be gone and you may never .have another chance. This is the day of your nrereiful visitation, but to-morrow the things that helong to your everlasting jieace. may be for ever hid from your eyes. In the .next, place notice what Jesus does. He knocks, God will not force any man to he saved against his will. Jesus is here represented as knocking, not forcing his way into the sinner's heart against his. will. The reception of Christ is the sinner's own act. The scriptures represent Christ as drawing them, with hands of love and the cords of a man J. that is, he uses all means that are fitted to awaken the sinner and prevail tlpon hrn to open bis heart Id receive him. He knocks by proclaiming in the sinner's ears his «%Iost and fallen condition, telling-him that the curse of God is upon him, that he is a child of wrath and an heir of HelL He knocks by proclaiming his now most gracious works and announcing that He hafchen$fabed the wrath and bourn the curse of God and'obtained redemption for as many as will open the door of their heart and give him admission. He knocks by his faithful warnings and by his awful threatenings; He knocks by-hisfree and gracious offers. He knocks hy the dictates of conscience, for I the conscience of the sinner is- often far from being at ease, and Jesus knocks^ for admission into his heart by' its occupations and criminations. He knocks by the strivings and con -victions of the Holy Spirit. But the promise is " my spirit shall not always strive with man," and when the spirit withdraws then the sinner is left to the hardness of his ,owu heart. Jejus knocks and knocks loudly by the means of his grace. ^ He knocks for admission by all the dispensations of his providence. Afflictions are sent, personal or family, perhaps those near and dear to us are taken away. Every death bed, every, funeral is a knock at the sinner's heart and he is forcibly reminded of the -uncertainty of life, of the necessity of looking out for a better and a more enduring portion, and when his heart is solemnized by such thoughts, Jesus knocks, at the door. Are there any here at whose heait Jesus has been knocking in any or all of these ways, if so listen to his knocking and open the door of your heart to re ' ceive hiui, and he will dome inund sup with you and yon with-him."' But dooot keep him knocking, tremble at the thought of allowing the blessed -savior to knock one mora knock at your heart in vain.' Jesus is knocking now;. will you listen to him, hear what be says in' the words of our text, " Behold I stand at the, door and knock" &c.; In the next place observe what kind of persons they are at whose door Jesus knocks.. It is not at the door of the great and learned, to the neglect of the -poor »nd unlearned. It is not- at ..the door of the: outwardly decent and moral and well behaved: to the neglect of the openly, ungodly, rim-; 'moral' or profane. It is not -at the door 1 of thfc man or that, it is at the door of alL All \ equally stand in need of His solvation and he ' ' is equally ready to bestow it upon all, he presses his offer upon all to whom his gospel is I preached. To all who hear his gospel he says •' Behold I stand at the door and knock, if any man hearmy voice &e.;" it is any man yon see, | be he rich" b» poor, learned or unlearned, it j includes yon and includes me. In the eye ! of God, all men are of one character, the Character of sinners, and he is ready and wait- | lag to receive all that come unto him. The expression " Any man"ia indeed a precious one; ] the greatest sinner may with all manner of confidence lay hold of it. O, sinners of every j class - decide for Christ and heaven at once, j Christ is knocking now, will yon open, say yes. : Lastly—If you admit him he will live on the j most friendly terms. He intimates as much, ! nay" gives assurance of this in the plainest j terms in ihe text, " I will come in and sup with ; yon" what joy. what comfort what love there is contained in this term I will not attempt to Bay, but it implies the fullest and most intimate communion between soul and soul. How kind, loving and gentle is Jesus to the erring, the fallen, the lost; to the seeking how compassionable; but what to those who find ? Ah this ! no "tongue can tell or pen can show. Ho, before you can know the rich spiritual feast which Jesus provides, you must be one of bis disciples, you must taste and know for yourselves. "Hedoes not ask you to provide the feast; he provides-it himself. He brings with .him all' the blessings of his salvation, and this to a soul hungering and thirsting after go<idness and God is indeed a rich spiritual feast. He assures all who open to him and receive hiirt a complete triumph over their epiritual enemies, over death and the grave. He assures them that when the earthly bouse of their tabernacle is dissolved .they have a building of God, a house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. To have God as our Father, Christ ae our elder Brother, the Holy Ghost as our Comforter, and Heaven as our eternal home, and the assurance that our names are written in the Lamb's Book of Life is Heaven itself begun on earth. He who opens and-receives Christ must be happy, for he now-holds sweet communion with God and his Savior. He speaks to God in prayer and ; God speaks to him in His Word. His happiness then is well nigh complete. And now in conclusion let me ask if you have heard Christ knocking at the door of your heart to-day? He has been knocking. While I have been preaching to you he has knocked. Have you answered ? .or are there any here who are still keeping .him without. If there are any such let me warn. you. that there will be witnesses against you at the last great day if yon continue so doings God is calling yet, and shall he knock, Andyon your hearts the closer lock ; He still is waiting to receive, And shall you dare bis spirit grieve ? Oh -no, say rather— Open my heart, Lord, enter in ; Slay every foe and conquer an. Here then to thee, I all resign, . My body, soul, and all are thine. May this be your happy lot, for Christ's sake. Amen. At the close of the sermon the rev. gentleman spoke as follows : — Dear friends—1 have, studiously avoided making any very particular reference in this morning's sermon to the sad event of the I past week, and the solemn scene it was > our lot to witness and take part in. I would that some one worthier and abler than myself, one more fitted to do you justice, had stood in the pulpit this morn- : ing. Being a total stranger among you I did not trust myself to deliver what might be called a proper funeral sermon. To ; do so would have required one acquainted ! with the real facts of the case, one who ! could speak fully, freely, and from ex- j perience. That I could not do. All I I could do was to make "use of the oppor- I tuuity thos offered me of again proclaim- I ing freely, fully, and boldly the gospel of Jesns Christ—its warnings and encourage- j ments—its freeness and simplicity. I J have done so. It is a sermon suitable to : the occasion. Call it a funeral sermon if j you like. After what was said at' the | grave, and with the words of the preacher ; still ringing in our ears I did not think ; more was required. I know that my remarks have been somewhat lengthy already, still suffer a word or two and. bear with ine for a moment. Of the deceased I say nothing, for I know nothing, and I never saw her. But judging from the very large funeral procession, and from the many expressions of 'regret I have heard in this place during the past week, I can say with truth and confidence she was indeed greatly respected, her loss will be deeply regretted and severely felt. First of all then I would say to the friends of the deceased, when you think of her whom you have lost, when yon look around you and see the blank she has left behind, when you look expecting to see her and she comes' not and you feel your loss, then let your tears flow—not for her, they will do her no good—but for your own sakes, tbey will do yon good. They will relieve you of a great weight that will keep throb- I bing at your heart in spite of yourself, , and weighing your spirits down. And yet ; again I say to you when you think, as think you will, on the happiness of her who is now for ever taken from you, dry your tears, wipe your weeping eyes, your loved one is not lost but gone before, not dead but living, living among those bright angelic beings who surround God's throne and praise him ever. She j is happy, you would not I am sure wish her back, you could not be so selfish. She has left her Father's world here to go to her Father's home and bosom yonder. When you tbiuk of these, things cease weeping. Remember that grand passage in G(>d's word as it is written in 1st Thessalonians. 4th" ch. from the 13th v to the end, and so beautifully put in our 53rd paraphrase (chapter and paraphrase read). They are consoling and comforting. Yes and the beauty of it is they are true, all true. Will yon not live out the Gospel you profess 1 Take all the sweetness and comfort and consolation yon can out of it. Then weep not as those who have no hope. !Not to weep at all is to show callousness, hard heartedcess, iaidifference ; and to weep too mnch is proof that you do not believe in the truth of the glorious gospel. But you will do ueither. Yon will weep for your loved one when you think of your loss, and yet at the same time when you look away and think of the glorie beyond, yon will acquiesce in God's will and repose in his goodness, and then yon will look forward to the happy time when you will be with her, away from earth, away from sorrow,, away from sin, away with God eternally shut in. God grant it my friends, and may God bless and keep you and yours. To you all I would say affectionately, listen to Christ's knocking. He has been knocking, and knocking very powerfully the last week. Listen ! He has been knocking at your heart this morning by His holy spirit through my voice. ^ Do not stop your ears. He is knocking still by this pulpit draped in black. Does it not seem as if a voice came from it speaking to you. Take heed; do not shut your eyes. You do not know whether you will ever have 4bother opportunity of listening to his appeals, and hearkening to bis entreaties. , -Oh be persuaded and prevailed upon to go to Christ. Should God send for you during the week upon which we have now en- j tered,.or even should he send for you to- \ nigkt, are you ready to go I When God j sends for you to go you'must, but where 1 1 That's the question. May God have j mercy on us all and. help us to follow our departed Friend in so far as she followed Christ—up the shining track that leads to eternal .day.—that track which shines brighter and' brighter as we tread along it nearing Heaven, and so at length an entrance;an abundant entrance shall be administered unto ns and all who love our God into the Kingdom of our - Lord And Savior Jesus Christ. ' " . 