ALL-ENGLAND v VICTORIA. AT ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH . our own correspondent.) Melbourne, Friday. The cricket match between the All- England Eleven and a representative Vic torian team was commenced on the Melbourne Cricket-ground to-day. The -weatner was splendid, and there was a large attendance of spectators ; great ?»r.«reat bei n £? evinced in the match. Tlie Victorians, represented by M'Don nell and Groube, went first to the wickets ; Midwinter and Peate doing the bowling. The tirst ball M'Donnell lifted to the chains for 4, the next for 2 and the third for a single. Groube stonewalled, but when the score stood at 26 he was cleverly stumped by Pilling, for 3. Horan wade 1, and was caught by Einmett. Elackham joined M'Donnell. When fee score snowed 67 the latter was howled by Barlow, after making 51. He gave tw® chances. Bonnor made things lively ; hitting Peate out of the ground for 6 and into the ladies' reserve for 5. After making 26, he was caught at fee wicket by Pilling. 4 — 26 — 104. Boyle was caught by Shrewsbury without coring. Edwards joined Blackhaui, and fee stand of the day was made. The eorc had mounted to 186, when Black- ham, after playing a magnificent innings for 61, obtained without a chance, was howled by Ulyetfc. During this stand everal changes in the bowling were tried, with Peate, Barlow, Mid winter, Shaw, Eminett, Bates and AJlyett. Palmer made 4, when he was ; bowled by Bates. 7 — 4 — 199. McShane eame next, and was caught in the slips, after scoring 22. S — 22 — 247. Allan was next man, and he and Edwards kept up fee wickets till time was called ; the scare standing at 249 for eight wickets. Edwards played a truly grand innings for bis 65, not out, without giving the ghost «£ a. ohuncc. Allan made 2, not out. Die English nelaing was disappointing, several chances being missed by Pilling at fee wickets. Selby, Einmett and Shrews bury, however, particularly distinguished feemselves. The game will be resumed io-morrow, and continued on Monday. 