{JOUPLE OF "OTTPS" : ago. br >n. wastes Swan. 1 itseemedtobe the blankest _ i.here was, that of Itichard He aw four mata trom the front of l^ston4, thealight shadow of h had been apon bun from the first . to have deepened into bewilderment Tied a sense of ruin. Tracer's drawn iirere those ofa man who hadstaked ; "?pe and saw it enatched awaj. The 01® last cheer of .the seething |, jriWT)8 ftnd bdow him fctu all that had ^ luB niind. It, reverberated through *?4. thought with echoes that died ■fid swelled,. back again—like the |' of' an ;oj5gan peaL like a distant w blaxe'of a multitude. He toff it;;^;jip.:Wn3w if his white -ii felt absently Ml hot find it. " "The, w ahr tha people away before helped to , . by' edge r: thousands, died W»y,' im thefts ink nbthiiv presented in its bid ffiifc T: -Hb ' looked across the eaUtiful Spring_ day^ over the rustle and ibllownessofsiiJc and laughter, and nothing ■tiwjfijiiS itoelf j>iit a great n umb blank, with L'diin ihaJtiife updn it, that he knew but iftrediwt read. It wass, sentence of disgrace cud aboU death. Thereia lid tale oftener ibia' flfiift thic-^sot indeed by novelists, but yj tverj iiewspaper in thecouritiy. In their ^ii^bis 1a %1toi4i^ wBek by week, the iumkatniy and inn and brokenness, tKe 'lKMiS '^earytriiroHncUngs. rraoc/ ,wai Iflee many Another;' Alone in the mnldiie'iirMihaw' biien brave enough to Rtud up ud dfi&xtfio;'wooldWfi laughed at it| ofaunonrluid defied 'its dishonoar ■l^ W^of hbndltf. Bthe craverathathe wait aronnetet 'weftw' Sll ■ 1» had to think [«tti)«ireTileyes, her fair patrician face and'that rare smile of welcome he thought bo win ning. But for these two figures, one so beautdfnl in the calm of the winter, and the coming of the twilight, the other bo bright in the spring time that had come waiting for the mellow summer thereafter—the path of one going softly down to peace, the path I of the other going up among the I flowers towards happiness and bles sings—what need to have oared for ail the rush and roar that was around him "with the terror that was within? . That morning the two faces were the pride and joy of his life, but they held a fear for him now worse than death, as he sat there drawn and blank. "Now then, Dick," Baid a young fellow, working towards him amongst the seats and the gay drosses with i exultation on his fresh face, " the cup is over and you told me to come for yon, yon know. I've won the last sweep and Barbara gets the: gloves. Mrs. Tracey said I was never lucky. ; Look there," disclosing a sovereign and a crown-piece in his hand, " come on, I'm in haste to tell Barbara. "Why, DicV, what's the matter? .Are Tmi ill 9" «»•'' m* Neither the pictnreof ^elawj with its unfolded trains md con-, tra^s of ooW, hot the masses of life beyond, ey?" ,There was another picture oefore lam and there was a purpose in it not SXS2 Fth *? ¥*& ^ flheen of aU S *S£t*&!!* °f th6 bri»ht **«"»* T^eymmgfeiio w stooped low and spoke V PeoPle wo aid think you were I *1 7 ,S"W yonr faoe now- Whatever I it is ails you let us get home, the people are SSS£2?T"u ^51 ptwntly and tremblingly returned the i P0** Md looked at hie friend. «« -tw were yon saying, Charley f» lflbat yon look as if you -were very ill, as if you had suffered some sudden blow. I>?olrPeA^e ^ be«ianhle «» stare at you, ££?» y°U <,tamg eEon«h to Tracey pulled his hat leaf down over his i face and rose « I don't think I am strong ^ * ^ home—that is not yet. Letiw try what a glass of brandy will do." j onth^i a r®t^™in8 team landed both jjSBSS: ii4,«&'K5S^UMlr*w,pt 0,| pj.o^ir®» mlr ann while we walk, Charley. He had not spoken to his com psmoa since they left the conrse till now and his voice was low and level and solemn. Charley looked and listened in a frightened way. Such pleasure as the day had brought I him appeared to have gone; such successes 88 k^kad met with were forgotten. ..tanJU8t now on ?rand j stand if I felt strong enough to ge home. 1 m^D. * while ago- ifiiow long is it since ?" About an hour.*?,.. I am not strong enough to go home, and you j most go without me. I made an important | engagement since the Cup race, and just before yoa came. I purpose fulfilling that engagement first." Charley stopped, and looked earnestly at j the speaker. "Listen, we'll drive home and engage a I whole cab to our two selves, Dick. Listen," i and he shook the money in his pocket. " Itj won't be extravagant on a day like this." The face of the elder remained impassive, and Charley's hand found its way to his shoulder. " Look at me, Dick—look at me in the eyes." " Mr. Tracey looked at the speaker wearily for a moment, as a endden look of expression : and yearning came to his face. He put his hand hastily before his eyes, and stood thus I a moment beside MswaitingMendalone in the ] still street, below the sun that was splashing I the windows with gleam, and painting the ] spires, and stealing with its impartial brightness to alleys that were dank with orgie. When he took his hand away, his faoe wore the expression that his friend had first i noticed) but there was tenderness in his eyes. " It's no nse, Dick," and there was a I quiver of fear and affection on the sensitive mouth; "you must come with me. Dear i old Dick! I cannot go without you. You I will come f' and the speaker's hand crept from the man's shoulder towards his face in a boyish, caressing fashion. [ Mr. Bicliard Tracey said, loudly enough to be heard, had anyone been near them on the I street, " I will not go with you ; my engage ment is a private one, and I intend to keep it. Good-bye." Charley was turning slowly in the direction of home, but Tracey hesitated, and came back hurriedly, with his hand held out in saluta-1 tion* " Good-bye. God bless you." When 01181167 Fern walked across tiie paddocks from the omnibus towards the rest fulness of Alfred Cottage, the sun was grow ing yellow, and the shadows longer. The noise of the returning traffic was beginning to drift up from the road, just penetrating the repose that was in the heavy branches of the pines. The little garden and lawn were walled in by hedge, blossomed with briar and rose. Behind it was the patchwork of flowers, and beyond the sea. The dark shade of one of the trees had stretched away across the path, and spanned the gravel from its root to the verandah, where it was mingling with tracery of creepers, white with bloom, and filled with fragrance. When he opened the gate he saw the afternoon's brightness on .Barbara's yellow hair, and near by a face that •was gray and tranquil. They were watching •the sun spinning threads among the leaves, and waiting for the sound of footsteps. The vhH« of birds were around them, striking ^trough the wide, faint monotone of the sea. " Where is JDick ?" asked Barbara, meet ing h'"> in the' flush of the sunset. " He 'nmrmned to return." Partly the sunlight, partly the darker osck i ground of the house and the flowers that! Brad around it, tuade Charley Fern forget the question for the questioner, and yet he could not forget entirely the foreboding he. carried with him when he and Tracey separated. "What a picture yon would mate if your portrait were taken now, Barbara, in the j middle of this sunset, with that background of flowers. How peaceful ereiything Beems here* The dust is rising on the road not a miarter of a mile away; loot at it yonder ■tfifji the sun colouring it into a golden mist, j£nd Here is nothing but freshness and green ness and bloom. I won fire*and-twenty Shillings, and you hare won the glores. Xook," and he showed the girl the money as lie jiad sho wn it to her brother at the grand itud> ""Whereis Bichard,Charley?" Mrs. Tracey was standing near her daugh ter< and the question came eo Earnestly out if the jpine «h»de th»t it silenced the speaker, seeming to show him the face he hod partec ■with in the empty sunny street. Charley replied with a new expression anc a somewhat unsteady voice: " He told mi in the city he had a short private engage ment to keep." "A short private engagement? He had none this morning." " I went to him immediately after the Cup was run, and found him sitting staring at the Flat as if he had dreamed a dream or been stupefied -with a blow—" " Then he is ill, Charles Fern, and you are here without him." ■ Charley felt something like a gasp in his throat as he went on to say : "1 asked him at the stand to come home with me, hut he did not eeem to hear for some time. After appear ing to think for a while, he roBe and left -with me for town. When there, he said he made the engagement just after the cup was run, and before I reached him, and he must fulfil it." The sound of the traffic on the road had grown faint, the day had deepened into twilight, the voices of the birds had ceased. Mrs. Tracey moved out from the darkness of the shade as silently as the shadows them selves were falling, and the folds of her dark dress mingled and merged with them, but her face and white hair were as distinct in the dusk as her voice was distinct on the silence. " Did Bichard say he would come home ?" " He said his engagement was a short one." "It is growing cold Barbara; go inside Mr. Fern, and I can speak here." Charley saw the white figure moving away slowly above the sound of -walking upon the path, until the deepening twilight hid it, and the quiet of the finished day rested on both like a listening pause. " Now take your time, Charley 5 call upon your memory for every episode of the day since you joined mj son, and tell me all you know, and all that is in your thoughts. God help me; I feel a foreboding of sorrow J" It might have been the something of sup plication that was in the firm voice he had known so long. It might be that his own fear for his friend was roused, but he told what he knew brokenly, as if he also felt there was a sorrow coming. " And, oh! believe me, Mrs. Tracey, I put my hand upon his shoulder as I used to do when I was a boy, I mean younger than I am," he explained with a stammer, ««« WUC v» UfUB 1 said were, 'Dear old Dick I can't go home without you.' Then he answered sharply and loudly, but there was no one in the street to hear, that his engagement was private." Her voice sounded broken and distant in the darkness as she spoke again: " This is not like my son. I do not re cognise him. "What else ? I am waiting and afraid." "I turned to leave, and he turned, Fern could but just hear the lady's voice, and he knew if there had been light he would have seen tears on her face. " What did he eay ?" "He said good bye, and God bless you." In a moment her pale face was close to the speaker's, and her hands were holding his. " Charley Fern, for your poor mother's sake I have watched over you and loved you next to my own these many years. You will do my wish now as you always have, my soil. You are my only and best dependence. This night you mnst go back to town and find Richard." Her hand had found his shoulder, just as his Tto/1 fminri ATld rested on her son's a few hours before and with like persuading. "Do not return to Alfred Cottage without him." Fern could not see the face, but he could feel the trembling hand. There was a pause; the silence seemed heavier than before. "Did you ever know Dick to gamble F" Charley felt the hand close upon his shoulder, and he knew the tone of bereavment and fear that was in the answer. "Yes." "Do not stay tip, Mrs. Tracey. At any hoar of the night, or of the day, when I have found him, I will return." " Go ; see, it is dark, the lights are shining oat from the Bay, and from the town. Charley, there is great danger. I can feel it, as though t knew now what I shall know hereafter. Remember there are sleepless eyes and maybe a breaking heart at Alfred Cottage. I can only pray ; the friend of the widow and of the fatherless, He will help you." The voice broke in sobs. He put his strong, young arm round her gently, and held her hand, as he led her to the verandah. He saw another figure flitting up before them, and when he brought the widow to the darker darkness, where the climbing flowers were, her daughter's arms were waiting, and her daughter's voice spoke bravely. The day -was well advanced towards the afternoon when Mr. Tracey, looking curiously tired and dusty, found his way to the hotel, where the gay and honourable men assemble who belong to the sporting circle. Hie blooming wearer® of blazing stones and heavy watch chains, and heavier faces—badness in eyes and speech—hadnotyet come. They were away using their metallic pencils on the 8ward, contemplating their wives in the colours and silks they had pecked from pigeons, and otherwise bustling and aggres sive with odds and lusty curses. There were other pale and drawn faces in the Stand in not a few seats of the front, or from the I front. They were scattered manywheres these drifts of fortune with the anathema of specu lation on them. But the sporting men, with their books and bets, and battered codes of honour, were in huge form, exultant red and loud. They had not yet returned from their harvest, and their hungering eye6 were a till greedy above their figures. The counters of the hotel where the honour able circle congregated were silent when Tracey entered. The hawks had not flown homeward yet, to shriek the odds for tbe following dajvaad roifle themselves 1 above the chances. The barmaids were dressed and silent, waiting for the irruption, I and the waiters saw Tracey walk wearily 3 in towards one of the private rooms. He . paused for a moment, came back to the coanter and drank some brandy, then entered [ and closed the door. A waiter of super natural observation drew a napkin through his hand and observed to a companion how , he thought "that 'ere cove was hard hit." Tracy closed the door quietly behind him and sat down. He took a little phial from his pocket and pulled the paper from it, on which was nrixited a druggist's warning of poison. He looked at the liquid with a set despair ing face. In a few minutes he would be away over xne threshold and into the gloom of the unknown, where were the sorrowful faces aghast of so many who had halted on the highway to heaven. Then rose before him the face of his mother. It came to him as he had known it in the past, bright with life and happiness, and filled with a love for him that was almost worship. Not bo long ago, it now seemed to him, he remembered that face upon the sands, when the clear sky line ruled his sight from the distant lands and the far seas she had told him of. As plainly then as on the days that were in those past years, came before him the green of the pasture lands and the sombre tints where the heath bloaaom gleamed, and the great organ rocks echoinsrjjbacb the* music of the sea —there the tender face, with its light that was all for him, with its mother's trust and pride, and the wondering eyes of Barbara near. These followed him; these were drawing him back across the years into the times when the days seemed so full of hope and love. They were in every picture that floated by; they were with him in the i evening times when the sacredness of the dying day olothed with golden blessing the silent trees and the distant mountains; when the sadness, that is not sorrow fell upon him, mixed with hope for the futare and thft coming days when he should go out for them in the sun rise of life to discharge the debt that had made his so happy, and bestowed upon it so much that was beautiful and fair. While these thoughts were with him the phial lay in his palm, and with them he drifted from the past into the future. His mother's hair was white now; how would her tranquil face look when she received the news P He could picture the hopelessness and the deso lation of it. How would he have returned the blessings and the love he had enjoyed P Hereon, afraid to meet .his own work, and coward enough to seek death, found dead in a "sporting" hotel, she wrecked of every thing, and without the consolation of the memory of him, that he was also about to wreck. Her home, her means of living, her support gone, doubly widowed, and hopeless and lost. And Barbara, with her bright hair and noble face, toiling for the susten ! ance that he should have toiled for, unpro tected, and trampled on by the harrying feet of the striving world-—the refined home gone, mother and sister adrift—where ? Mr. Richard Tracey raised his hand, and the little crystal thing he had spent so long in trying to obtain was shivered in fragments below the grate, while a perfume as of almonds or of wattle blossom filled the room. He had no idea whether the pictures which swam before him had occupied an hour or three. The room waB dark, and the sounding of feet and hum of voices from which oath and malediction shot,beat against the door. A thin line of light crept under it at the threshold from where the voices were wrangling and jarring, where hoarse laughter shook them, emphasised with oalls and jangling glasses. From his window he could see the oalm stars and the quivering pathway the moon was making on the sea. The temptation h^d been overcome, but the trial he had determined to avoid was waiting, bitterer than ever. He had wrecked his home, and in his recklessness had- thrown his mother's and sister's money to the greed that was surging oat beyond the line of light ruled there at the door. Voices stopped at it and passed it J disordered and triumphant ; men rolled against it and staggered on—past the scene of a bitterer struggle than any on the course that day. Tracey listened in a stupor of mental exhaustion. A hand came out of the babel, fell upon the handle, hesi* tated, and left it. Shouts of anger and mocking voices came in across the narrow line of light. How long would they and llie flaring pandemonium have halted if he had been carried out stark f Such was the world, or a part of it, on which he contemplated turning his mother and sister adrift. God help him j he leaned over towards the window silently, and, chastened by the rest that was in the silver night and the beauty that was in the glitter of the distant sea, he prayed and wept. " In there, sir, the sent went, but that were in the afternoon, said the discrimin ating waiter, pointing to the door. Aid the door that had shut him withjhis thoughts so long, opened vide and the glare and confusion tided in., Richard Tracey was over by the •window, looking white, before the dim light that met the darkness. Charley Fern wae on the threshold, looking bewildered and nervous. He had wandered everywhere he could think of, and the present was his third visit to the honour able circle of sporting gentlemen. The waiter slipped in nimbly, and the room became as bright as the bar beyond. " Oh, Dick, I—I have been searching for you since eight o'clock, and Mrs. Tracey is frightened and heartbroken, fearing that something has happened. Thank God I have found you alive and well—that is middling. Dick, let us go home; I was getting afraid, too ; it is past midnight." " Sit down, Charley j I want to speak to you." " Wait till we get home, Dick. You look like a ghost." Mr. Tracer went on without heeding the request: "I told yon to-day I was not strong enough to go home, and that I had an engagement to keep. I am scarcely strong enough to go home even now, and I have not kept the engagement I made. If it had been fulfilled you would have found me lying dead on that sofa. Do you see those sparkling pieces of glass below the grate and smell the perfume of almonds ? I cast the temptation from me, Charley Fern, and did not commit suicide." The pale, nerveless face, and the unsteady boding of the eyes, so altered his friend to Charley Fern that he scarcely fenew him. " Did you ever see a man weeping F If you had been here an hour or hours ago, I cannot tell when, you would have Been me here weeping and praying. Oh! the trial will be terrible! and I am not yet strong enongh to go home and disclose to them their misery." " Their misery?" "Their misery; that they are penniless out casts and beggars, that the old home, our old home Charley, is lost to us, that their shares in the railway and the bank, are lost, that bills are unpaid, and that I—" he struck his breast savagely with his open hand, " whom they looked to as their support have brought all this ruin and disgrace upon them. Look at me well Charley Fern, I hare done it alL" "But—" " Ay, you would ask how I have done it?" Seeking to retrieve losses under tbe cursed spell of the gambling spirit, I plunged with my mother's] and sister's money time after time and I tried to VTU* 1U (Ul UOU& ULUs Cup. He laughed and wiped the sweat from his forehead and hia wet, brown hair. "You stay with as till after the holidays, Charley, till after the holy Christmastide that used to be so happy in the old house. It is your last Christ mas visit my dear old friend; you will see us as of old no more. I n.m gg strong as most men [DM oPr.^ave and ihrough iny^ i o n o u r«—AaialL oved." — The faoe of Charley Fern was as white as the speaker's now, bat for all bis whiteness and his fear, he said slowly and solemnly as if he had aged, " I shall see more of you than ever. What is to be done cannot be done here Dick, let us go home/' They rose and went out and as they crossed the brightly lighted place, shouldered and cursed at by drunken men wild with debauch, the name Richard STracey waa called hurriedly. He faltered an instant, but his friend's arm was linked in his, bearing: him away from the cries and throes of the striving conoourse. " Come on," whispered Charley Fern sternly between his teeth, " they have given us trial and sorrow enough. Your mother is praying and watching and waiting. Thank G-od, you have escaped and that I have found you. Dickthisis terrible." The light was filtering out from the win dow upon the dark firs as Tracey and Fern walked up to Alfred Cottage. Tracey envied the repose that seemed all around, and half regretted that he too was not lying stilled from the trouble that was coming, and the blank and prospectless future that was so surely settling down. The door was opened gently, and the friends entered with the manner of trespassers carrying some message of sorrow. In the widow s eyes there was only a look of thankfulness. Across her old face so beautiful with the seal of years there travelled an expression of intense relief, and the calmness that trial and shadows in the past had wrought upon her came back. "You are late, Richard; your absence frightened us, and Charley here kindly undertook to find you." The words were uttered in the lady's quietest tone and in her gentle way, but Fern caught the look of thankfulness and gratitude she gave him, and felt rewarded and proud, notwithstanding the cloud that Was soon to break. Mrs. Tracey looked for a moment keenly at her son's face, and rose hurriedly with a new expression on hers—an expression of firmness and of suffering. " Will you have anything to eat, Barbara has gone to bedP" The hand of Mrs. Tracey that rested on the table was trembling, though she looked so calm of manner and spoke so quietly. There was fear in her eyes, and the shadow of some returned pain on her face. "Mother," said Traoey, disguising nothing of the situation in voice or look or gesture. The less disguised that his voioe was cold, that his eyes were hot and glitter ing, that his face was set and pitiless. " Bo you know what I am and what I have done f You do not know—how could you f—that I have been a traitor to you and to my sister, and that I, whom you trusted and loved as— as only a mother like you can love, have ruined you both. You do not possess a farthing in the world, it is all gambled and gone; and this home "—he stopped for a moment with the light full on his blanched features, and held his hand out before him as pointing to it—" is lost to you for ever. Do you quite comprehend, mother, that the son you loved so through every year and hour of bis life that he can remember, has robbed ydu and your daughter eo completely that you may be outcasts id the street to morrow, and that from the sorrow and misery of the coming Christmas time there is no escape ? That son has been for hoars to-day standing on the verge of eternity. It was not the fear of the darkness that detained him. Death offered peace, and the grave would hide his shame. It was hie mother's face, as he had known it years ago, as he knows it now, that saved the would-be suicide from the crowning act of treachery." Mrs. Tracey's lips had quivered more than once. The rising and falling of her breast told how the words had reached her, bat she felt what her eon would say before he spoke. 1 It was the bearing of atrial she had borne before. Her husband's face was with her in the face of her son, telling a like story thus pitilessly against himself. That was thirty years ago, and together they had fought the loss and won the fight. Once beyond the chasm, it was passed for ever. The union of the straggle had united them closer, and deepened their love. Often from the bright ness surrounding them thev had looked Vm/*V to that time to Bee how strength and light were revealed through darknesB, and to acknowledge the guiding hand. And Mrs. Tracev lifted up her grand grey face, bright and hopeful, and filled -with trength and yearning. " Richard Tracey is my son, for whom I shall never feel ashamed. He has erred, he has einned, hut the danger has passed and the trial has began. His mother is brave enough and strong enough still to face mis fortune, and her daughter "—her voice shook and failed a moment, but she went on steadily—" and her daughter is strong and brave too. The Christmas days that are coming may find us in distress, and their brightness may be gloomed, hut they will never find as in despair. My son has brought to me the gift of his life. ' All that I have is thine.' " Kiohard Tracey sat down silent with his unaltered face. There were tears in Charley Fern's eyes, but he hid them in the shadow. That early morning, when the moon had passed and the only sound abroad was in great hoshings of the constant sea, Mrs. Tracey opened the door of her daughter's room and came softly to her bedside. " Dick is back, mother. I could not sleep till I heard his voice." " Barbara, my child, we will sleep together and together await the light. I am grow ing old, and our night may be very long." There were the marks of tears and of deeper lines below her wintry hair. News of the illness of Richard Traoey was conveyed to the office, bat it was not sus pected that he was sick onto death of that portion of bis past life which had ended with the contemplation of his dark departure. He lingered for weeks on the border land in fever, amongst the pictures that had come to him in the sporting hotel and held him back from passing beyond the curtain into the shadows. The air that came down softly from the bills to meet the breathings of the sea, and the tender fragrance and freshness it carried from the flowers and the forest, were the blessings of the day, but the dark ness of the coming storm was lingering and inevitable behind. His home, his mother and sister had never before seemed so beauti ful as now. The preciousness of the happi ness he had flung away with reckless hands was never so clear before. Every figure that approached him might Charleyliadfound^ that Tracey's employers were feeling the want occasioned by his absence, bat of all subjects there was no mention of the fatal Cup day or its sorroundings. As his mother's hand had supported him by the sea so many years ago, her arm supported him now, but more than all her undaunted heart and her unshaken faith and trust. The Christmas season,at least, was the time for thankfulness; from it the grace reached her that enabled her to keep hope and look out steadily on the trial. It was the time for happiness -and gratitude, for a gift that was greater than all that could be lost. Why should she repine at a time when the voices of angels had swept the sky in praise above the humble Bethlehem and below the Stars ? One day before the gleamings that were | dazzling and shooting at them from the waters: \ —" If I Had but told you all,mother,before the ruin came. If you but knew my fear for you and the contempt for myself when • I looked at your peaceful face so beautiful to me below the age it carries. To you I owe a second life." And she looked upon him with infinite tenderness and pride, and said, " I am glad to see you more hopeful and stronger for the coming trouble. The darkness of it is newly over, and there will come soon the shining of ;he true light. Here is Charley hurrying lown from the house. He is troubled by the ;vay he -walks, Richard. The lightness and buoyancy seem to have left his figure. This is the beginning of it, my son, be strong." Charley looked at Mrs. Tracey -with an air 10 unmistakeably embarrassed that the lady walked away towards the cottage"—maybe for the last time she could call it hers—and as she walked her sight was blurred with tears, and alone she bore her .burthen of the tribula tion. " Dick," spoke Charley, hurriedly looking round. " Do you remember the night of the Cup day when we walked through the crowd of sporting men out of the hotel, and one shouted out your name—a tall, handsome man all aglitter with studs and chains, and a flowing beard ?" "I remember the night but dimly, Charley; but I recognise the man you mean, ne answered as a suspicion of the old blank came to hifi face. He met me in the street to-day, and asked where you were, and he seemed so indignant that you had not called on him. He gave me this letter, which he said he would have sent to you long ago, but that he was not certain of your address. Never mind, Dick, the Booner it is over the better. There is the letter." Charley, all hot and anxious as he was, stood for a moment irresolute, but when he | saw the suffering on his friend's face, he too, walked slowly towards the cottage. Mr. Tracey read— Sib,—Although that decision of them stewards makes you the winner, I've half a mind not to pay. If you don't choose for to put in an appearance I'm — if I am going to look after yer sugar, and you the eaviest clincher of the lot that I have got. Two-thirds of my Cup profits are gone on the softest thing I had, at least I thought so, and it would hev been, only Pluto ran inside. I never knew a man too proud to come for | his coin yet, but you. I now send you a cross cheque for £3500, and please acknowl edge receipt, prompt. I wouldn't hev gone to this trouble only we hev done business be fore, which I hope is not the last. Til take 10 to 1 on Oberon or 6 to 1 on Spencer, that's short enough odds. I know after this you'll give me a lift to set my book round. —Yours. JOSIAH HBBBEBT. P.S.—I hear you her more bets of the sams j sort out. Don't lose no more time about getting them in. The foolisher the bet is the better the lack sometimes. Don't touch Stockings, he hat fpnf swfllwd. Er; ' Richard Tracey turned gifldy And sat do^^n ; to think. In the vague 'whirl ofhis thoughts he remembered that as matters had turned out owing to the stewards' decision he must be one of the heaviest of the winners., The cloud had no sooner fallen than it was lifted. The sorrow of the trial had been passed through, and it had taught its own merciful lesson. 'Jhe hand that had. brought him through the darkest passage of his life was full of gifts, and carried" a warning never to be forgotten. Behind the dark Christmas cloud was brightness, and the cloud was big with blessing. When Tracey entered the cottage his mother started in fear at his face, not knowing what the change meant. The expression, that had been gradually deserting him for so long had returned, and the look she so well remembered in the boy's face on the sands was back again to the man once more. " Bichard, what—what is—your face is different. What is the happiness and why the joy that hare come to you." Said Charley Fern, pleadingly, in the garden': " Yon called me your son that night, and I brought him back. Let me have the right to call you mother/' And Mrs. Tracey took his freBh strong face in her white hands, drew it towards her, and kissed his forehead. "Charley, my son," and there was great love and softness in her Toice,'' my Christmas gift to yon will be the greatest a mother can bestow. Bar* bara is yours." ■ — As plainly tlien as on the days that were in those past years, came before him the green of the pasture lands and the sombre tints where the heath blossom gleamed, and the great organ-rocks echoing back the music of the sea. 