THE CLOUD KING; OB, UP IN THE ATE, AMD DOWN IN THE SEA. • CHAPTER VIIL FilBY-LiKD. BY W. STEPHENS HAYWAUD, ADTHOR OP BLACK ANGEL," &C.; TI1E After making the gash in the balloon with y knife the gas rushed out with prodigious force, and in a very short time the Bilk was neatly empty. Immediately before reaching the ground beneath me, I cast a glance upwards, and seeing this, imagined that my fall would be so rapid as inevitably to dash me to pieces. The shock on striking the ground was rather violent; but, to my great surprise, I found myself uninjured, and tha balloon re- bounded some twenty or thirty yards in the air again. This was partly owing to the car having 'been upset, and everything in it thrown out, thus again lightening it. My astonishment for the first few moments was so great as to prevent me looking out on the strange aspect of affairs beneath me. After my rebound, the balloon floated calmly on at about twenty yards from the ground, and I had a good opportunity of surveying the scene beneath me. But before I say anything about what I saw, I will speak of what I felt. When I approached near the earth—if, indeed, this was our earth—in my first rapid descent, I felt a strange tingling sensation all over my body—a warm, thrilling, and intensely pleasant sensation, of which, at the time, I took but little notice, expecting to be dashed to pieces the next moment. Now, however, that I was relieved from the fear of immediate death, it was a different thing, and I gave way to the pleasing sort of cxcitement which pervaded my whole frame. I had once breathed nitrous oxide, or laughing gas, as it is commonly called, and the warm, thrilling sensation which this causes bore a great resemblance to the pleasurable excitement that I now felt. My cheeks were flushed, and my eyes shone with unwonted lustre. My hearing was more acute, and my sight much keener, while every other faculty seemed quickened " 10. The brilliant colors in the glorious landscape beneath me grew each moment yet more brilliant, and soon there arose on my cars sweet, melodious, musical sounds, as of the tinkling of fairy bells mingled with the soft murmurs of the jEolian harp. These sounds, I soon discovered, were not mere strains of music, but wore articulate—that is to say, I could distinguish words, which, though I could not understand, were all harmonious, and euug with a pleasing cadence. Looking out on the plain beneath mo, of a deep, rich green, and spangled all over with flowers of every hue, I perceived a vast number of fairy-like looking creatures darting backwards and forwards, leaping, bounding, and ell gazing up at me, with cries which I took to be those of wonder. I saw that these fairy- liko being% were in mortal guise, like myself; but I much doubted at the time whether they were indeod mortal. They looked brighter, fairer, handsomer, and more graceful than any men, or women either, whom I had ever "seen. Their veiy attiie, too, seemed to me to partake more of fairy-land than of sober earth. All wore tunics of a line blue material, with cloaks or mantles of glistening white, which floated about, and appeared to be at once as light as gossamer and as glossy as silk. Some of them wore ljnger tunics than the others, and had, besides, bands of purplo round their waists. These, from their forms, their lovely faces, which I could distinctly discern, and also from their long, luxuriant hair, I conjectured rightly to be women. I noticed as I was being drifted slowly by the breeze, that the whole crowd, male and female, was following me, apparently both delighted and astonished. Wishing to see in which direction I was drifting, I consulted my compass, which had not fallen ont of the car. To my utter astonishment, it refused to act. It did not point in any particular direction, but remained fixed where it was first placed. It was long before I could believe that so universal a law as . that, of the needle tending to the pole was suspended; but such was the I fact, and it confirmed me in my idea that I had either reaohed soma othe7^Enet7%r was in feiiy-land. . . "."""' • . . I now once more turned' jny : eyes -downwardB, and observed more^ closely " the extraordinary beings who thronged those glorious plains. I observed that some of the ladies with the long tunics, the purple bands, and flowing hair, wore, instead of a white mantJo; one of glistening silver, studded with pale-blue stars. These also bore something in their hands, which might have been either a wand or sceptre. They had also circlets of: silver around their heads, and I at once perceived that they were persons of authority by their gestures, which seemed always to he obeyed by the others, and the uniform respect paid to them. It amazed me much, with only my earthly experience, to observe that all these were ladies—not one of them being men. Nor did any of the men among all the multitudes exercise or attempt to exercise any authority, so far as I could discern. Many of these ladies with the silver mantles appeared to be beckoning to me to descend; but the gas had now ceased escaping; and although the balloon was more than half-empty, it still did not descend, but, if anything, continued to rise slowly. This astonished me; but I could not help it. Suddenly, one of these—who, in addition to the silver mantle, the purple band, the circlet of silver, and the wand, wore also a silver star on a diadem above the forehead— advanced rapidly from the crowd who were following me, and faced about. Then she gave several exclamations, but in the most dulcet tones; indeed, the sound seemed something between the thrill of a harp-string and the warble of a flute, rather than a voice. Whatever these words might be, they were evidently commands, for instantly the crowd halted, and all the men formed themselves into companies and battalions, while the ladies with the silver robes placed themselves in front, each appearing to take subordinate command of a certain number of men. Next I heard a thrilling sound proceed from the lips of the lady with the diadem—a sound like that of a clarionet, only infinitely softer and finer. Prodigious was the effect of this last command,—for I knew it must be such. At that moment the whole multitude was drawn up like an army in battle array. No sooner had the word gone forth from her who seemed to be the chief, than one division, battalion, regiment—call it what you like —started at the run after my retreating balloon. A burst of music, the like of which I had never before heard, swelled on the air. Onwards they came, I all the while gazing in astonishment at the strange sight, but not imagining for a moment that they could reach me. Imagine, then, my amazement as, with one accord, when almost beneath me, they all bounded up in the air like a flock of pigeons. In an instant they were all around my balloon ; many hands seized the car, whilst one, seizing the anchor-rope, darted away with it, and, at least a hundred joining him, descended to earth, dragging me after them. All the others also descended; and as many as were able seized the rope, and commenced pulling the balloon along at a run. I was lost in wonder at this extraordinary proceeding, and now felt more than ever certain that I must be in fairy-land. They had not wings, nor, indeed, did they seem to fly, but appeared rather to reach me at my elevation of at least seventy feet by a prodigious bound, descending to the earth again lightly, buoyantly, and without inconvenience. They ran forwards at a great rate, dragging the balloon after then, which at times assumed an almost horizontal position. The rest of the crowd, which was continually being swelled by fresh arrivals, followed in our wake, while peals of music and laughter came upwards. I had been thus dragged for some quarter of an hour, and, from the pace at which we went, must have passed over some miles of ground, when we came to the borders of a lake or river of what appeared to be water. I say, appeared to be water; for, although in a manner clear and transparent like that which I had always seen, it had a rich rose tint, the effect of which was most beautiful. The lady with the silver mantle, star, and diadem, had all the while preceded those dragging the balloon, as also did those ladies with the silver mantle only. She now again gave a loud, clear, musical word of command. Instantly there was a dead halt—those who had hold of the anchor-rope pulling the balloon gently towards the ground. "I.can scarcely describe my feelings at that moment; they were partly pleasurable, partly wondering, and perhaps a very little bit fearful. Still, however, so mild and beautiful was the aspect of all these strange creatures, especially the ladies, whose lovely faces were radiant with smiles, that I could not feel much afraid. The instant the: cat touched th© ground, I was seized not roughly—by mauy pairs of hands, and lifted out. Then, at a word from the lady with the silver mantle and diadem, they fell bock, and left me standing in the centre of an immense circle,—all gazing and wondering at my strange appearance. My brain was in a whirl, and it was with difficulty I could porsuade myself I was not iu a dream. The tingling, glowing sensation still continued,.to which was added a feeling of buoyancy, as-though I also, like the mysterious beings by which I was surrounded, could ieap high iu the air. But this idea I quickly dismissed, and felt more than ever pereuadod that fairies and fairy-tales were not all imagination; but that, in vexy truth, I had discovered a country peopled by these creatures. I now had ample time to look around I first looked aloft, thinking to discover the sun, or, at least, the sky. I was disappointed. X beheld floating about above me masses of clouds of a dee£ purple color, all of them omitting a bright, white, dream-light a something between moonlight, sunlight, and redfire. Between these masses of light-emitting clouds I could discern at a vast distance the gloomy blackness from which I had descended, the dreadful " regions of eternal night," as X have since learned these were. I even fancied that I could see occasionally come into view some of the dread phantoms with the gleaming eyes and red-hot faces, which so horribly terrified me. Looking beneath me, on the ground, I found myself standing on turf of the most brilliant green tint, and of a velvety softness and fineness; and surrounding mo on all sides, but at a distance of some twenty yards, were tho strange beings who had brought me where I was. The blue and white mantles of the majority of these looked handsome, and shono brightly in the strange light beaming from tho clouds. But how can I ever describe tho brilliant effect of the silver mantles and purple robes of the ladies who stood, apparently by virtue of their superior rank, nearer to mo 1 All of them were handsome, and of a dazzling fairness, which I had never seen equalled; but the ladies with the silver mantles, now that I saw them close, seemed of inconceivable loveliness. When I had gazed long, wonderingly, and ardently on these beautiful creatures, I turned my eyes towards the lady to whom all seemed to pay obedience—I mean the one with the diadem and single star on her forehead. She was nearer to me than the others, and I had a full opportunity of observing the surpassing beauty of her features, the nobility of her carriage, and the elegance of her form. Her hair was long and luxuriant, of a bright golden color, and hanging in profusion down her back. The silver cloak was thrown back over her shoulders, allowing the matchless symmetry of her figure, encased in the blue tunic, fitting tight on the body, to be seen to the best advantage. Her eyes were large and of a deep blue, her complexion the most dazzlingly brilliant you could possible imagine. For a space of fully five minutes I stood the centre of this vast group, tho lady with the star and diadem nearest to mo. Curing that time my thoughts were occupicd in endeavoring to account for the marvellous things I saw by natural causes. But, though loth to believe in the supernatural, X could not persuade my bewildered reason that all X now saw was not either a dream or fairy-land. A dream X knew it was not; and was forced to believe that all I saw—the plains, the black clouds above, and the fantastic beings by whom I was surrounded—were the results of enchantment. Nor is it wonderful that X should have come to this conclusion; for how otherwise could X account for the prodigious leaps which these beings so easily made? How, too, could X account for my not being dashed to pieces in my fall? Again, the whole aspect of the country and the inhabitants proclaimed at once to my mind that it was no mortal scene on which X gazed. Xt was not till long afterwards that X learned the truth, and was convinced that this was neither fairy-land, nor the people, bright and fairy- like as they appeared, fairies; but men and women, of flesh and blood like myself. As for the gloomy regions of eternal night through which X had passed, and where X had seen such dreadful sights, X was afterwards inclined to set down a great deal to the delirious fever in which terror and the mephitic atmosphere had thrown me. At the time, however, X fully believed that I was in the hands of supernatural beings or magicians. I have said that X have stood for some five minutes the centre of this vast crowd of what I thought fairies. The lady with the diadem and star gazed long and curiously at me, then uttered a few words. Instantly I was seized, by some who advanced from the crowd, and conducted to the edge of the lake, or river, of tinted water. Then I was pushed in. This did not cause me any fresh alarm, as it was not done with violence, and I guessed it was for the purpose of washing. Then, too, X was a good swimmer, and did not fear being drowned. Imagine my dismay and temr, however, when I found m^elf suik to the bottom likea stone, in spite of my vigorous attempts to swim. In vain I ^TlT ' f" d .f tra egled desperately to rise to yth0 USe of tZ„ a ™ s When, wETV? my , St ™8§ les - "J f=ot touched the U , d that I coul(i spring easily to the surface, only again, howeverfto sink. AH this time I had been pertinaciously holding breath, as I had been accustomed to do in diving in our English streams. At last, howi 0 !^' 10 Ion S er resist unconquerable effort of nature, and attempted to draw breath I was almost in a state of stupor from suffocation, and mentally prayed that death might end my sufferiugs. Judge, then, of my astonishment, when, instead of tho choking gasp which X had always felt when before I had accidentally or purposely, endeavored to breathe under water, I found no difficulty in so doing. I breathed the water in and out of my lungs without difficulty, and the feeling of suffocation was at once removed. It was not water at all, such as I had before seen, but a subtle fluid, half-way between a liquid and a gas. lliis I at once discovered, and could now account for my being unable to swim. Tho fluid, though heaver than air, was yet so much lighter than water that it was impossible to float iu it. I now found that I could walk along the bottom without much difficulty ; and accordingly made my way, as best I could, back to the shore of this strauge lake. No sooner had I scrambled up the bank than I was again seized by many hands, and all my clothes taken oflf. I was quickly dressed iu a suit of beautifully soft texture and fine material, such as those around mo wore. Before this process commenced, I observed that all those whom I rightly judged to be females retired, and I was both undressed and dressed by the men. This fact caused me to waver in my opinion that I was iu the company of supernatural beings. It was so thoroughly natural and humau, that I felt somewhat reassured, and the feeling of vague terror diminished. No sooner was I dressed in the tunic and trousers of fine material, which all these people wore, than a way was opened through tho crowd, and I was again led into the presence of the lady with tho star and diadem. In my mind I immediately named her tho " Princess ;" for such she seemed to be, by the deference and authority paid her. By degrees I began to renew the use of my faculties, which had been for the time dulled and bewildered by the wonders I beheld. But when once the idea dawned upon me that all I saw was real, and neither supernatural nor a dream, 16et to work accounting for the various phenomena. It was just possible, I thought, that what I fancied was water was not water, but something between water and air, which might be breathed for a time without destroying life. Then those creatures, the inhabitants of what I thought at one time to be an enchanted valley, might be mortals like myself. I could not only see them, but could feel them; and this latter fact was contrary to all I had heard or read of the nature of ghosts and fairies. Altogether, I became gradually more reassured, and decided that my balloon had been wafted by the winds to a distant and unknown country. But there was one feet for which I found it impossible to account. This was, tho prodigious bounds, or flying leaps, which these people would take. But imagine my astonishment when I fouud that I, too, was endowed with this singular power. As I was being led along, after having been dressed, to the presence of the Princess, I saw before me a%hasm or deep ditch, some four or five feet across. AU those around and in front of mo leaped ovor this without the slightest effort; and as I saw I was evidently expected to follow their example, I took a short run, and made a spring sufficient, I thought, just to land me on the other 6ide. But, to my intense amazement, I sprang high in tho air, and landed lightly, and without shock, full twenty yards further than I thought. The sensation was most extraordinaiy, as I flew through the air, and not unlike that experienced in swinging. I now felt certain that all I saw was real, and neither imaginary nor supernatural. This fact made the extraordinary leaping powor which I had been suddenly endowed with the more wonderful. To make suro I was not deceived, I made a light, spring straight up. Under ordinary circumstances I should not have risen above two feet from the ground, but on this occasion I bounded with ease fully ten yards high; and it was not so much the height to which I so easily leaped which astonished me, but the gentleness with which I descended. It appeared that either X had suddenly turned lighter and more buoyant, or that the attraction of gravitation was in this strange country lessened. No sooner did this idea present itself than X decided it was the true solution of this marvel. While I was yet thinking of this I found myself again in the presence of the lady with tho silver mantle, star, and diadem. Then, for the first time, she looked full in the face, and evidently addressed me. i Alas 1 though I could tell by tho expression of her face, and tho inquiring look in her eyes, that she was asking a question, yet I could not form the moat distant idea of what she meant, for the words were strange, and, though very soft and melodious, resembled no language I had ever heard spoken. She quickly discovered by my puzzled look that I did not understand, and with a gesture of disappointment spoke to those by whom I was surrounded, and I was led away gently, but evidently a prisoner. In the distance I could discern tho towers and buildings of what was apparently a large and splendid city, glistening white, as though built of marble. Our progress was rapid, and in the space of a few minutes we arrived at a splendid city of palace-liko buildings, apparently of white marble. I was conducted through many streets, until we came to a large open space, where was a very lofty and grand building, which I conjectured to be tho palace of the king of the place, or of some person of rank. I was now sufficiently convinced thatthesewere mortal people, and not fairies; but I was utterly at a loss to make out what this strange country was, and where it was situated. As we passed through the streets of the city, I noticed that, although there were crowds of people, there were no animals of any description. Not a horse, dog, or bird was to bo seen ; nor, indeed, any living thing but men and women. Another faGt now struck me. In all the crowds I saw no one either old or ugly. Some were handsomer and taller than others, but on no single face could I discern any indications of age or decay. This puzzled me much at first, but did not excite my wonder so much as the respirable water and tho extraordinary powers of locomotion possessed by those people, and by myself also. Now, I felt no change in my own person, nor did I believe there was any. How, then, could I account for the singular power I possessed, and of which there could be no doubt 1 for as I walked it was with difficulty I could keep on the ground. The slightest spring or stronger stop than common sent me flying upwards. The effect of this, although laughable, gave me much annoyance. Arrived at that large white building, or palace, I was led along various corridors, all of white marble, to a large hall in the centre. Here, seated on a raised dais, or throne, I saw a grave, handsome man, of lofty and dignified appeaiance. On each side stood two rows of female guards, exactly similar in appearance to those I had already seen. Between these two rows I was led up to the foot of the throne, when one of those who had brought me addressed him whom I conjectured to be king or governor. I could understand neither his words nor the reply, but noticed that the king appeared much surprised, and gazed attentively at me. After a short time thus spent he spoke a few words, and I was immediately led away. I was conducted to a small house near the palace, and was given to understand by signs that that was to be my abode. Food and drink were placed before me, and then my conductors left me to myself. ' There were various dishes of food, but all was strange to me. It was not meat, that I was certain of, although I could not tell its nature. It was, however, very palatable, and I did not fail to make a hearty repast. The liquid, too, which was of a large crystal goblet, was unlike anything I had ever tasted. It was of a deep purple color, and I judged it to be wine of some description. When I had made a hearty meal, X began to look around me and speculate as to the nature of all I saw. I found myself in a house of but one storey, built of white stone or marble, and containing three rooms, one of which was furnished with a couch and pillows of soft fine material, and this I guessed was to be my sleeping apartment. There was no door to the house, only a curtain hanging over the entrance to each room. Light was admitted by several windows reaching from the roof, nearly to the ground. Altogether, the place was more like a marble summer-house than the dwellings I had been accustomed to. I found that there was no guard placed over me, and that I was at liberty to move about as I pleased. Accordingly I left tho place after attentively noting tho situation, and wandered about in the city. X felt strangely lonesome among all the crowds of people who thronged the spacious streets. To all intents and purposes I was alone. X could not speak a word to ask a question or communicate my thoughts and feelings. It was a terrible, an awful idea. Alone in the midst of thousauds in a strange land, where the very laws of nature seemed to be changed, and the great principle, the subjcct of Newton's discoveries and researches, partially suspended. Yes, I had come to the conclusion that the law of gravitation, in obedience to which all ponderable bodies fall to the ground, was modified, to a great extent, in this strange land. Thus it was that when tho balloon fell I was not dashed to pieces. The power of attraction was sufficient to cause me to descend, but not with violent force. For the same reason I was enabled, by a very slight spring, to leap high in tho air. It was not till long afterwards that I discovered the reason of this but I may as well at once enlighten the reader. I afterwards had good reason to believe that I had penetrated the secret as to where and what this strange country was. My balloon had been borne by the wind in a north-westerly direction across the great Pacific Ocean, and above the Australian Continent. Now the interior of Australia has never been explored. No white man has ever penetrated its vast solitudes, though many have attempted it, and paid the penalty with their lives. I believe that this country, where I had accidentally come, was in the centre of a vast circle of volcanoes on the summits of mountains, miles above the surface of the sea. The dark mass which I called the regions of eternal night, was caused by the smoke, ashes, and vapor given off by these burning mountains, which formed a barrier, shutting this country as effectually from all intercourse with the rest of tho world as though it were another planet. I afterwards partially learned the language of the country, and was informed that their wise men had among them a tradition of another world beyond tho growing blackness which surrounded them on all sides, but no one bad ever been beyond, nor, till I came in my balloon, had they ever had a visitor from this outer world, whose existence these traditions affirmed. I had been in the place quite two mouths, as I reckoned, before I could speak the language sufficiently well to gain information, or in turn to give it. When I could converse with these people I found that they were in a state of primitive innocence. They knew nothing of the sciences, and their manufacturing skill was very small. But then they needed it not. Everything existed in profusion and ready formed. The metals—iron, gold, silver, &c.;, &c.; were found in large quantities, and in such a state as to be immediately available for use. Food grew in abundance, and required but little preparation. A large species of grape furnished wine already fermented. Speaking of food, I now discovered that there was none, except of a vegetable nature. There were no animals of any description, no life except human ; and it was with the utmost wonder they listened to my accounts of tho birds, beasts, and fishes which peopled our world. The extraordiuary power I, in common with all the inhabitants, had of leaping from the ground was easily explained. The attraction of gravitation is simply the attraction of all masses of matter to each other. Small bodies fell to tho earth because of the greater attractive power of the larger mass. But underneath our feet in this country there existed, I was informed, a vast chasm instead of the solid earth. This chasm extended to the centre of tho globe, and thus the only attractive power exercised was by the solid matter on the other side of the centre. Thus the solid matter beneath our feet was decreased by one-half, and the remaining half was at an immense distance. No sun and stare were ever visible, as they were shut out by the black clouds and vapors. Tho light, which for a long time puzzled me, was caused by a sort of aurora borealis, which served as a substitute for the light of the sun. As to the phantoms with the gleaming eyes, these people knew nothing of them, and I am inclined to believo that they were the creations of my disordered brain, and that while in the black clouds I was delirious. My relations as to the wonders of the countries beyond seemed to inspire these people with the greatest astonishment, but they shrunk with horror from the thought of endeavoring to leave their favored land and penetrate beyond. Their religion taught them that the attempt would be impious, and insure certain destruction ; so, as the very thought was so hateful to them, I was careful to avoid for the future all allusion to the subject. The lady with the star and diadem, who, as I conjectured, was the king's daughter, was my constant companion. She listened greedily to my tales of the great world, and I fancied that in her the satoe repugnance to the. thought of visiting it did not exist. Her great beauty, gentleness, and intelligence caused me to become deeply enamoured of her. I have not space here to relate all the wonderful things I saw and heard during the two years I remained in this countiy, but may, perhaps, some day give a more detailed account thereof, especially as it is my intention again to visit that wondrous land. At the end of two years an earnest longing possessed me to return to my friends and parents. I thought of my mother, my brothers, and my sisters, and resolved, at all risks, to return once more. My balloon had been carefully preserved, and I discovered that at a certain place hydrogen gas issued from the earth in large quantities. My idea was to inflate my balloon, and ascend, and trust to chance for being borne back over the burning mountains to, some inhabited country. To this desire I should have experienced no "omS^^rivonttrfing'or any of the -'JTV?:i J • • VU J-J• i -cfAn inhaljitots.?;I3utinyambition did not stop here: 1 - !' conceived the, audacious idea oi taking Trith. -me tho beautiful princess with whom ! had becomeso deeply enamoured, J Her • name, translated into English, was "Glorious Goldon Hair," from tie rich and protiise golden tresses with which she was : adorned. '"When I mentioned my audacious project to r her, she at first was filled with horror; but when she found I was determined to attempt it, she throw herself in my arms, and with many tears consented to leave father, friends, and country, and risk this desperate enterprise with mo. -It was a cruel and ungrateful act on my part, after the kindness and hospitality witli which I had been treated by the king and all the inhabitants. But I must defer tho relation of this almost criminal attempt of mine, its failure, and my ignominious expulsion from this wonderful countiy where I had been so kindly treated, my return to the outer world, and my adventures " Down in the Sea." (To he continued,) 