TKLEGKAPHHJ NKWrt. LATEST HI" OALILII. ' LONDON, SKPTKMMKI Intonso oxcitoment h»B been .caused in the United States by tlio announce-:] mbnt of the discovery of n plot to; murder General Ghoster A. Arthur,, the new -President. In Washington two mori ivero overheard plotting the murder of President Arthur, lnforma-. tion ? was immediately given to tlio. police, and Hie men liavo . been, arrested. ???.?. A torrible railway accident lias tnkon. placo nt Toronto, in Canada. Tlio! train ran oft' the : line and was com-: pletely wrecked, raauy of tlio carriages being absolutely smashed. A largo amount of damajjo was done, and some, of tlio passengers were, seriously in-; jured. ' ? , ?? A secret society has boon formed in St. Petersburg for the purpose of frus-; tratiugtho aims of the Nihilists, whose, terrorist policy is considered to b»ve seriously "injured the progress of the nation. . Tho object aimed at is to i destroy tbe ?Nihilist organisation, but i tho proceedings of.tho society 'are.kept; i carefully-concealed. ?. ! Tho county of Tipperary.is again in a disturbed stato, and frequent out:, rages are-reported- as having, taken, place. At tho town , of Now Pallue, not far from Glonmol, where tho recent,, riots occurred,a barrel of guupowder.was placed against the bouse of n laudlord who bad rendered himsolf obnoxious hy causing processes to be served upon. hiB tonaiitB. The explosion of the gunpow'der partially wrecked the pro inises; but the inmates escaped. l?ui'ther riotB in connection with the oviction of tenants : inn Ireland- have taken place in soveral of tho towus ill Leilriui; King's County, andTipperary .. At Mohill, n market town -of Leitrim, Clara, a market town ot King's County, and Iloscrea, in Tipperary, where pro bosses 'were boing served on tenant^ large crowds assembled, in . order to oppose the .'.evictions, aud the con stabulary were- assailed bythe inobs. Evontually order was restored without any serious-, injuries having . being in. flicted. ?: LONDON,- OCTOBER 1. "? . Tlio Times of tu-day publishes a load ing trticlo upon tlio present aspect of the Anglo Crunch treaty negotiations; and the approaching return of the British comrais-iouors to.Loudou. . The article states. tliatitliedifBoulties which . havo arisen relate principally to the duties it is proposed to levy ;on tlio British cotton aud woollen manufac-. tureB, aud thatso fav .from,um agree, ment between the delegates of the two Governments being''.probable,'.the ob stacles to an agreement are;,virtually, insuporablo. , ? LONDON, OcroiiEU 2. The project of the departure of the Pope from Rome is agaiu;, aBSiiming shape. Tho diograceful i disturbance whiuh occurred upou tlio removal of the body of Pope Pius,.,IX. has strengthened the desiro of tho Pontiff to quit tbo city, and it is now Btatod on authority that proposals aro under consideration for the transfer of the head quarters of the Holy See from Homo to Vienna. ' ' _ Serious riots have taken place in Sunderland, one of the principal ship, building ports in the uorth of England, occasioned by the disorderly behaviour oi tbe men now out on Btrike. Tho disturbances woro repressed with difficulty. On tbo Fraser River, which flows through British Columbia to its inoutb in tho Gull of Georgio, nnd'is navigable for 190 miles, a steamer was attaokod by Indians ntid burnt, soveral of the passongors and crew being drowned. A very destructive earthquake has beon experienced in tlio provinoe of Anatoliu in Aaia Minor. A number of houses woro destroyed and eloven per sons wore killed. The damage douo to property iB roportod to be very con siderable. During tho past month the weather in Canada and tho United States has boon very disturbed, aud tornadoes of foarfiil violonco Imvo taken placo in raauy parts of tlio country. Tho destruc. ttan has boon enormous, and many persons have boon killed. Tho emigration to tho United Statos continues in undiminished volume. During tho month ol Soptember, 35,000 emigrants Inndud at Isoiv ^lork, as against 3-1,000 in tlio preceding month. Tho vintago in Portugal has resulted in a vory scanty roturn, owing to tho unfavourable conditions which have efllictod tho vineyards. Tho exports to Groat Britain, which tiro of nn nunual ayerago valuo of oyer £1,000,000, will consequently bo considerably reduced. The harvest in Manitoba, the nowly settled province in tho north-west of Canada, ia reported to bo exceedingly pood. From the virgin soil an average yiold of 28 busbela to tho acrc haa been obtnined. 1 iShrewsbury (Nottinghii m),. .'ono. of the members of tho professional cricket, ing' Uonm -'whOj Visit Australia', this season, and who was unable, tliroogb illness,1; to ^!ic(iurapariy;tlio.olliorain. (heir. American . tour, .will sail direct ' for \ Melbourne liy..tho ; Oriotit stoamor Guzco,-which, loaves immediately.?? 'rbo'join t'commissibn for'the-fa rther consideration : of . the : .Anglo- IVbheh' commercial treaty will re.assemble in Puris on the 2dith inst.l ATlie Oftsa/wr,: in reviewing; the proceedings^ of the commission; states that tho .Bnglijh delegates in proposing to adjourn tho conforouce to a future date touk eape cial care to impress upon tho French delegates that tbore was not -the slightest rupture of tho good under standing which had existed, neither was thero any reason for a suspension of communications on the. subject of tho treaty betwoen tho .Governments of the two connlrios, bat > the, adjourn ment win asked .'simply to facilitate inattora in arriving at an Ultimate; agreement. . NA'L'AL,. SiirruMBEiL 30. r During the presont week tho Vol Its i road has continued daily-to,dismiss tho i convention sigued.iii July last.by the Boor Triumvirate and tho British com missioners: Up to tho present' time, however, no vote has been taken on tho:subj'ect,vand tlio consideration ol tho convention has boon referred to a cominittoo of tho .chamber, who will advise ita ratification or rejection. The VolkBraad has adj'ourned untill Monday next, tile 3rd prox., when it is probable that the committee will bring up its roport. 1 NATAL, .OCTOBER 1. In cnnseqiioiice of tho speech deli vered by M. Kruger at the opening ol the Volkaraad last- week, and the delay which has sinco taken placo in. the ratification of tho convention, the home Government have telegraphed to. Sir Evelyn Wood, V.C., the commauilor of the forces in South Africa, conferring on him ample and exceptional; powers to deal with,.the situation 'shonld: tho convention be rej'ectod by the chambor. Tlio British troops left in this pro vince and in the Trunsvaal, liavo re ceived orders to be prepared for any eventuality; and tlioy are now ready to act without delay iu. the event of a .renewal of hostilities. PARIS, Ski'TEMBRii 30. After a period of. compurative quiot, hostilities have been recommenced in Tunis. News was-roceived hero this morning to tho- effect. that the Arab tribes had mustered in largo numbers, and on two soparato occasions lind on gaged several regiments of the Tuni sian. array and defeated them. Tho number of casualties is not stated, but it is believed that thoTanisians Buffered severely. It is expected that this disaster to the troops of the Bey will load to furthor interference on the part of the French.. :. ?? > PARIS, OcTOHBit 1. . In consequence of the disastrous do. feats indicted by tho Arabs; upon tho Tunisians, oud the inability of the.Bey: to retriove tho reverses suffered-by his army,-a large body of Fronch troops has been sent forward to Kairwan, and is marching oil that cily, which is situated about eighty miles south of Tunis, and-was formerly the, capital of the Arab dominions in Africa.; ;; The negotiations for tho renewal of the Anglo-French, commercial; treaty have been continued at Paris during: the past fortnight by the commissioners: specially appointed for the purpose by the British and .French. Governments. Whilst - ? ib is understood : that con siderable progress has been: rnado-in * some respects towards a;mutual under.; | standing, serious difficulties have arisen | in regard to the imposition of BpeciBu l duties on British, manufactured goods* ! imported, into . Frauuo. ; The French, [commissioners having- . declined to. i inodily their demands, . tho , British: | representatives ure.. about to rnturn> to ! London,.in order, to ?confer wiih the. i Qiivernment/and to obtain such further) insti uctions as inay bo necessary. t 1 