TBE NOMINATION TUSC0. [TO THE EDITOR OP THX HOTIOK OUMM,I SIB,—I have bra somewhat sound . the manner in which several of tnj Cmtc vative friends have been ohucldioi onriii mistake in the nomination daj omit w lv! returning-officer, and the fix that it pot It Carolin in, through bis not being *Ue to nominated in time. No doubt they tUmt themselves very astute, long-hevW teUcnni What if, after all, they wen eimpW lUria, into the hands of an acutei hand'than amongst them ? Did Mr. Carolin er,r to have himself nominated f And if In jM why did he wait on the Tetumia|^®Mt™' Monday, and exact from him t imtta giurantee tbat be would receive bii Booisation up till six p.m. on TUMJSJ f JJ, Young's friends think themsslrei imtrt on' but Mr. Carolin can give them poi^t, then lick them. Ha sa <r that he h»4 B0t tU ghost of a ohanee of being «Wt*d—i) he went on with his candidature *otll simply spsnd some money rery fooliihly is order to be in a miserable paction oc tlu poll, and perhaps lose his £{0 dnoait. Convinced of this, he cast tWk bim toae* how he could retire from tlu fitU—a not entirely honourably—at least leu eriTnb than he did on the last occasion; ui tKm is more likely than that be seized on this mistake of the returning-officsr'a u a naif means of doing so. If he really nuant t| nominate, why should he wait till Tnariijt If he bad no doubt as to Tuesday being " i day behind tbe fair," why did hs inlaw Hi. Blencowe to guarantee that it wasNOTR IF be has not scored he has drawn the gisi. If he has not made a goal be has obtain! two hehlnds. He has got out of a Ttry awkward fix, and kept bis £60 safs in Hi pocket, and he now poses as a martyr to i blundering returning- officer and a fanriii set of would-be cunning Conservative!. 0, tbey think themselves particularly epry, i&i; Beform Leaguers like Mr. Briater as! lb. Wall extend Mr. Carolin their " sympathy," but neither side knows him. My opinion ii that he has done both, and got out of a TIIJ awkward scrape in a most clever wis. The only one I pity is poor Mr. Bleowwi. Why doesn't some one sympathise with bim? He needs it muoh mora than tbe man wlu has been extricated from a dilemma, smi hia money, and become possessed of stint* clasi grievance.—Yours, &c.;, WEATHER-STL Kyneton, July 21st, 1881. 