THE GEELONG "WINTER STEEPLECHASE MEETING. nr OUR OWJT REPORTER. 1 innately the weather held fine, only a few slight showers falling during the afternoon, but, from all accounts, the rain had descended heavily daring tho morning, eo much so that at one time a postponement was seriously contemplated. It is as well that this was nob done, as although the course was heavy, the afternoon otherwise was highly favorable to tho sport. Black Diamond commenced by winning the Trot easily, Von Moltko second, and Conquering Hero third. Of the nine on the card for the Hurdle Rnco Young Dollar and Van Tromp were scratched, Durringhile and Cumberland being mado tho i&vorites.; It was & very nice race up to about five furlongs from home, whore Rhesus, ridden by Chalkcr, ran Dorringuile and King of Trumps off a flight of hurdles, which left Cumberland to canter nome at his leisure, attended by New Zealand. This mistake of running off the favorite, Durringhile and King of Trumps, was said to bo the result of accident. Napper Tandy secured tho Winter Handicap, after a close race with Kobinoor, Attache once leading, but being unable to stay „ finishing a moderate third. Four only started for the Steeplechase, which was easily token by Collingwood, Victor second and Ranger third, old Blue Jacket being ovcrpaced. The race was got through without one single fall or baulk. Nim- rod had no difficulty in landing the Selling Hurdle Raco, and Napper Tandy secured tho Railway Stakes, followed hope by The Ghost, Napper Tandy thereby winning two races in ono "day, and most popular wins they wore. The exit from tho course was attended with tho same in convenience complained of at the summer meet ing — that is, by attempting to inspect the tickets as the passengers ascended tho platform through b half 'opened gate. This caused a great crash, \- scores sailing the fence ; and no good object was gained. The luncheon arrangements were also, p. s usual, very unsatisfactory. Tho Bpecial re- /turned to Spencer-street about half-past seven o'clock. Tho following is an account of the Irucing \ Distance Handicap Trot, a sweepstakes o! 3 sots. Web, with 30 soys, added. Second horse to receive 10 boys, out of the stakes. About three miles. Weight not less than list.; saddle or harness, jp. J. Roddy's bik m Black Diamond, aged, 750 yds. ; (Owner) 1 iO. Colbath'fl b h Von Moltke, aged, 400 yds. / (Sheppard) . 2 E. Thornton's b e Conquering Hero, agod, 400 yds. (Dunn) 3 , Bobbins'® br g Brown Hawk, aged, 160 yds. (Owner) 0 Xj. Grimwood's pbldgSkewoy, aged, 700yds. (Owner) 0 D. M'Naughtcn's bik li Prince, 750 yds (Owner) 0 F. Dpjohn's ch g Serenadcr, 6 yrs., S60 ydfl.fOwner) 0 G. Millsom's b g George, C yrs., 800 yds. .. (Owner) 0 F. Heal's bm Little Kate, flyrs., 800yds.. .(Owner) 0 W. S. Moore's bllt g Little Wonder, 4 yrs., 800 yds. , (Owner) 0 Betting : 0 to 4 on Brown Hawk. Black Diamond soon got to tho front, was never headed, and won . easily by several lengths, Von Moltke coiuiug with a lino run, but too late, Conquering Hero third. Time, 8 mlu. 15 bcc. f Handicap Hurdle Race, a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, with 70 sovs. added. Second horse to receive 10 j»ovs. out of the stakes. About two miles. 'A Saqui's b g Cumberland, G yrs., by Bonnie Car- ' lisle, 10 St. 0 lb (Batt') 1 R. Gnffiths's br g New Zealand, aged, 8 St. 7 lb. (Burke) 2 A O'Connor's bik g Cyclops, aged, 0 st. 8 lb.(Carcy) 3 M. Loughlin's b g King of Trump3 (lato Monitor), . aged, 11 st. 4 lb (Corrigan) 0 SL Winter's b b Durringhile, 4 yrs., 10 st. 11 lb. (F. Ileywood) 0 T, 'Naughten's b g Rhesus, C yrs,, 9 St. 11 lb. (Chalkcr) 0 M.' Fox's b or br g Dutchman, aged, 9 st. 7 ll>. (Kecting) 0 Betting : 2 to 1 Durringbilo, 6 to 2 Cumber land, 4 to 1 Rhesus. Tho last-named and Dutchman went awav with the lead, but were headed by New Zealand, who led to tho first hurdle, followed by Dutchman, Rhesus, Cumberland and Cyclops next. Dutchman, however, led into the straight, closely pressed bv Rhesus, Durringbilo taking third p ace ; Cyclops and King of Truuips closo together. In this order they passed tho stand, no mistake being made at any of the hurdles. Rounding the next turn New Zealand became second, Cyclops, King of Trumps, Durringbilo and Cumberland being all close together. Cyclops now began to drop back, and Rhesus ran up second to Dutchuiau at. tho far turn, with Cumberland third and Durringhile fourth. At the next hurdle Rhesus nnd Cumberland were in Iront, and the former by some means ran off Durrin- jghlle and King of Trumps, himself jumping the wing. Cumberland was now left alone witu the lead, and won 'easily by a length from New Zealand ; Cyclops a very ibad third. 'Dine, 4 min. 24 sec. Winter Handicap, a Bweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, with 100 sovs. added. Second Jiorae to recelvo 20 Bovs. out of tho stakes. For all ages. One mile and a half. D. S. Wallace's br h Napper Tandy, Marlbyniong— Cremorne, 5 yrs., 7 6t. 10 lb. (O'Brien) 1 R. Howie's or o Kobinoor, 2 yrs., 7st. 2 lb.. (Day) 2 J. Whittinghain'a cb g Attache, 4 yrs., 7 st. 12 lb.. (Murphr) 3 ,1V. Branch's gr f Verdure, 3 yrs., 8 st. 4 lb. I (St. Albans) 0 t Betting ; Even on Kolilnoor, 3 to 1 Attache. Napper was first away, with Kobinoor on his shoulder, Verdure rcttiug a bad start Little dividod tho two leaden, up to the next stretch, butat the far point Attache went np to the pair, the trio ruuning together for a quarter of % mile, when Attache took up tho running. J ust prior to entering the straight, however, he gave way to the Dtbcr pair, between whom a fino race ensued down tho straight, Napper Tand/ winning by a short head on Uie post from Kobinoor, Attache four lengths away third, and Verdure a long last. Time, 2 min. G4 see. Handicap Steeplechase, a sweopstake of 3 sovs. each, with 100 sovs. added. Second horse to receive 20 sovs. out of tho stakes. About two miles aud a lalf. R. Howie's b g Collingwood, Morris Dancor, 5 yrs., \- 10 et. 4 lb ; (Scoble) 1 T. Armstrong's b g Victor, aged, 9 st. 12 lb. (Carsv) 2 R. Batty's g g Ranger, 5 yrs., 9 st. 4 lb (Wall) 3 M. Loughlin's BlueJacket, 0 st. (A. M'Innis) O Betting: G to 4 against Collingwood, 2 to 1 Ranger, & to 1 Victor. Ranger was first away, but gave place to Viotor end Collingwood, in which order the first fence was taken. All jumped well, and very Jittlo divided them, Collingwood leading by a neck. At tho fence (stewards' stand) Victor, however, forged ahead again, with Ranger second, but at tho fence past the stand Collingwood was again to the fore, and led to the far turn, when Victor came again, and led the field to the half- mile post, where Rangor came to tbe pair, and Bluo Jacket dropped off beaten. Ranger lied away again before reaching the turn, and Colling wood took a decided lead, showing tho way over tho last fence and winning by two lengths, Victor second, Ranger a bad third and Blue Jacket a long way in his wake. Selling Hurdle Race, a sweepstakes of 2 sovs. ach, with GO sovs. added. Tbe winner to be sold for lo sovs. Weights : 8 yrs. old, 9 st. 0 lb.; 4 yrs., Id st. lib.; 5, 6, and ageu, 10 sU 12 lb.; with 7 lb. reduction tor every X0 sovs. reduction down to 20 sovs. About ' ne mile and a half. T. Jones's br g Nimrod, aged, to be sold for £20 9 St. 5 lb (King) 1 f, L. West's br m Fair Maiden, 0 yrs., to be sold for £50, 10 St. 12 lb (M'Coy) 2 F. Tozer'g ch f Minerva, 3 yrs., to be sold for £30, Ost 41b. (Dowling) 3 Betting: 3 to 1 on Nimrod, who forced the running, iiid won hard bold ; Minerva a moderate third. Time, 3 min. 39 sees. The winner was bought in for £25. Railway Stares, a handicap sweepstakes of 2 sovs. each, with GO sovs. added. For all ages. Seven fur longs. D. S. Wallace's br b Napper Tandy, & yrs., 8st. 61b (O'Brien) 1 J. Thompson's rn or ch The Ghost (late Salis bury), 3 yrs., C sL 9 lb. (Cracknell) 2 A. R. Inglis's b c Bruno, 3 yrs. , C nt. 12 lb . .(Cathin) 3 W. Branch's gr f Verdure, 8 yrs., 8 st. 2 lb. . .(Wall) 0 F. Tozeris b f Lady Hampden, 3 yrs., 0 st. 12 lb. (Day) O Dr. Jackson's ch m Ruby, 4 yrs., 0 st. ..(Morrison) O Betting : 7 to 4 Bruno, 2 tol The Ghost and Napper Tandy. The last mentioned showed the way, followed by Ruby and The Ghost. After running a couple of furlongs Napper was headed by Ruby, The Gho-it and . Bruuo, and a little fnrtheron The Gho3t was seen in front. At tbe turn Napper Tandy had reached tho tQhost, whom he settled half way down tho straight, coming home an easy winner by two lengths, Tbe Ghost second, and Bruno a very bad third. Tbo annual winter meeting of tbe Geelong Racing Club was held yesterday, on tbe banks of tbe Barwon. A special train, appointed to leave Bpencor-street at half-past ten a.m.s brought aboat 500 spectators to the scene of action, all of whom were landed on the course in ample timo to witness the first event, which was a trotting raco. Tho attendance of tho local people did not more than equal the visitors. Nevertheless, there was & very good show on tho stand and lawn, 