WORKS OF ART FOR EXHIBITION IN ADELAIDE. The increased interest in artistic matters which has recently been exhibited by the South Australian public will no doubt render the approaching exhibition of pictures a success if the display be rendered commensurate with the public desire to inspect meritorious works of art. The objection that the articles to be shown have for the most part been already ■exhibited in Sydney or Melbourne will not have much force, inasmuch as even those residents who have already seen the pictures elsewhere will eagerly avail them selves of the opportunity of renewing that pleasure in Adelaide. It seems probable that a very instruc tive if not an imposing show will be made in the Art Gallery. A fairly representa tive collection of pictures has already been promised for the Exhibition, most of them being from the British Art Gallery of the Melbourne Exhibition. The South Australian public will have an opportunity of inspecting specimens of the works of Sir John Gilbert, perhaps the greatest historical painter of the day ; of Ausdell, whose merits as an animal painter are scarcely inferior to those of Sir Edwin Landseer himself; and of many other British artists, whose works are familiar to us in engravings. In sculpture the Exhibition will contain six statues which have not been previously exhibited in Australia, they having been received in Melbourne too late for reception into the Inter national Exhibition. They are from the chisel of Mr. Marshall Wood, whose world-famed statue of Daphne is already recognised as an English classic. Many .admirable ' specimens of continental sculpture have also been secured, among others a series of twelve Italisn statues exhibiting the peculiar style cultivated in the studios of Borne. It haB been proposed by the Mayor of Adelaide that special efforts should be made to secure the exhibition in Adelaide -of the serieB of paintings called "the "Victoria Cross pictures," painted by Mr. Desanges, to commemorate the heroic actions which gained for British soldiers •during the 'Crimean War and the Indian Mutiny the distinction of the Victoria ■Cross) and we note that a telegram has been sent on behalf of the colony to the Victorian Agent-General in London for the authority without which the col lection cannot come to Adelaide. These pictures were painted at a time when British art was less realistic than it has since become, and consequently they have a certain amount of convention ality which detracts from their merits as works of art. But in spite of this they are possessed of very great interest if they are studied in connection with the stories which they illustrate. Some of them, indeed, have quite a sensational fascination for those who take any interest In war or in deeds of valour. For instance, the representation of the brothers Gough, fighting a crowd of Sepoys with the object of dislodging them from the roof of a house proved peculiarly attractive at the Melbourne Exhibition, rivetting the at tention of crowds of visitors. Another painting depicts the action, brave even to Tashness, of Lieutenant Hill, who, single handed, charged at a company of men sent to seize a gun which had been placed under his care. Being wounded and surrounded he was on the point of being dispatched with bayonets when Colonel Tombs sprang forward and kepi the enemy at bay until succour arrived. Two of the pictures possess special histori cal interest. One represents the memo rable exploit of Kavanagh in passing, | disguised as a Sepoy, through the furiouB and fanatical mob of Lucknow, to guide the forces of Sir Colin Campbell to the aid of the beleaguered garrison, a volun tary act of heroism which was all the more creditable that it was per formed by a civilian. In another picture is represented the incident which laid the foundation of the fortunes of General Sir Henry Evelyn Wood. While stationed in an Indian town Wood, at that time only a lieutenant, heard that a number of bandits had carried off several of the inhabitants of the village. He immediately sallied out, and, with the assistance of only two horsemen, suc ceeded in rescuing the captives and putting to flight a band of seventy robbers. It is to be hoped that as these pictures are possessed of national interest, they will not be allowed to leave Australia without being exhibited in Adelaide. When the Art Exhibition is opened it will be well if some of our wealthier colonists would follow the example shown by our worthy Mayor, by Mr. Sparks, and quite recently by Mr. Cudmore, whose presentation, we are informed, is valued by competent authorities at no leBS than ,£500, and show at once their taste and their liberality by purchasing any pictures which they consider worthy of the honour, and transferring them from the Exhibition to the Art Gallery at the Institute. Sia Henry Ayers has been elected President of the Legislative Oouncil, and Mr. R. D. Ross Speaker of the Honse of Assembly. The appointments will reflect bononr upon both Bouses. In Sir Henry Ayers the Oouncil will possess a President of unblemished character, great experience, good temper, and impartial judgment. He will adorn the position whioh by the unanimous voice of his fellow-councillors he has been chosen to occupy. And not only this, but outside the House h9 will support tbe dignity and prestige that very properly belong to it. In Mr. Ross tbe House of Assembly has also been equally fortunate. He is the right man in the right place. His experience of Parliamentary usagt s has not been great, but be is a quick learner, and ho has ho much natural dignity that he is hardly likely to come into frequent collision with bis feliow members. He bos, however, sufficient strength of purpose to assert himself and his position should ever the occasion arise. Both Sir Henry and Mr. Ross are men of large influence aud force of character, aud their occupancy of the presiding seats in both Houses will shed lustre upon the Legislature of the colony. When visitors from other parts come here we may be ashamed to show them our Parliamentary buildiDgs, aud we may not be very proud for them to know some of oir members, but we shall never be afraid to introduce them to the two gentlemen who preside over the delibera tions of the two Houses. Their removal from the active sphere of politics will undoubtedly weaken the Opposition. In the Oouncil Sir Henry Ayers was the leader of the party, and it is diffioult to say who will be his successor. Mr. Ross did not bold such a prominent position in the Assembly, but he was a vigorous critic of the financial administration and measures of the Government, and his voice as well as his vote will be missed by the Opposition. Still both parties are glad to see him in his new and honourable position, and this feeling of satis faction will be shared by the general publio. The Orient Company has, by arrangement with tbe Government, consented to alter the time table of its homeward steamers, so as to make their departures alternate weekly with those of the P. tc O. boats. In effect, this meaBS tbe establishment of a weekly homeward mail from Port Adelaide. Business men and the pqblio in general will at once appreciate the advantages tbat this change will confer upon them. Correspondence received by either mail may now be replied to by tbe opposition line within a tew days of its receipt, and the absurdity of two mail steamere leaving this port almost simultaneously will no longer exist. To the deserved coucession .which the Govern ment recently made to the Orient Company in recognition of their enterprise in competing with the P. and O. Company, is no doubt to be largely attributed the readiness with which, the Orient Company fell in with the views.of the Government on the present oeoision. And there is ressonto believe that still closer'relations ' will ere long be established between this colony and the Orient Company. Tbe present arrange ment for the conveyance of mails that the colony has with Victoria is not satisfactory. South Australia contributes more to the eost of tbe service than she receives in postage returns. But she is not the only sufferer. Victoria loses a portion of the percentage she would reoeive on our mails provided that no competition existed, consequence of tbe high postage rates charged by the P. and G. Com- ! pany Our arrangement with Victoria terminates in August nest, and there is no reasou why South Australia should not follow the examples set by Victoria, New South Wales, and Qaeenst land, and by arrangement with the Orient Company have a mail service of her own. The details of each a scheme would probably form no difficult matter of arrangement, but it would be premature to discuss them at the present time. A bepbbench is made in tbe Governor's Opening Speech to Parliament to the Education question, and from this reference it wonld appear that the Government are tolerably well satisfied with the working of the Act, and the resnlts tbat have been aohis ved under it. All they propose, therefore, to do is to amend the regula tions, which, in a revised form, will shortly be laid before Parliament. If, however, the powers that be are satisfied the publio generally are not. ' No one can have read the vast amount of corre spondence that has been published from .time to time in the newspapers without feeling that, there is ample ground for a thorough investiga tion into the administration of tbe system now in force. The Inspector-General almost admits this, for in the education report, whioh was laid before the House on Thursday, he says—" In my opinion the best way to dissipate the mists of prejudice whioh envelop oar work will be to maketborongh enquiry into it." With such a disposition as this to court enquiry, we think the Government would be acting wisely to appoint a Commission to examine into the complaints and grievances to which publicity has been given, and to report generally as to the way in which the Act and regulations are being carried ont. Such a Commission might do great good. It is possible that much of what has been written and nrged against the department is founded upon prejudice; and a Commission would be able to sweep this away and perhaps restore that confidence which at the present time does not exist. No one can deny that the new system has done mach good to the cause of education. The fact that in 1875 there were bnt 268 State schools in the oolony, and that in 1880 there were 370; and that the number of children instructed has advanced from 25,889 to 36,277 speaks well for what has been done; bnt it wonld be a lamentable cir cumstance if after the expenditure of so many thousand pounds annually tangible progress had not been made. The question is whether the progress is commensurate with the expenditure. The City Council has, on the motion of Coun cillor Buik, carried, by a majority of one vote, a motion amending the by-laws for the manage ment of the Biver Torrens in the respect that there shall be no boating allowed on the river on Sundays. The motives which Councillors set forth as haviDg prompted them to the coarse they have taken, are certainly loadable in them selves, bnt no sensible man can help feeling that the adoption of the resolntion is ill- advised. As representatives of the citizens and guardians of their privileges, the Council certainly has the power to impose restrictions for the maintenance of order within the city bonndB, bat the strain ing at a gnat or two iB not likely to have any practical beneficial effect. Councillors repre sent themselves as being anxious to prevent the repetition of each disgraceful scenes as are alleged to Have occurred on former ocoasions, bnt ignore altogether the ineffectiveness of the cloture they propose to enforce. By the adop. tion of their resolntion, the City Fathers have resuscitated the almost- laid ghost of Sabbataria nism. They have given many easy-goiDg, con tented fpeople who, probably would not have given the Dam more than a passing thought, an imaginary grievance. They have stepped oat of their ordinary way to record their religious con victions upon a point about which the conscience of the community has been at ease. Tho common-sense method of dealing with the question would have been to have left it open to individual choice and conviction. It is most probable that, left alone, the commuuity would never largely indulge in boatiDg Sundays; but once raise the vexed question of having no choice in the matter, and an angry controversy is hardly to be averted. Many of the arguments need by Oity Councillors were not at all parallel to the question under discussion. The pastimes of cricket and foot ball, and the holding of race-meetings and other sporting gatherings, cannot be fairly brought forward as analagous cases. The Council might with justice have clothed themselves with power to prohibit boat-racing on Sundays; hut it was nnwise for tbem to diake illegal what many well-behaved citizens would deem to be no wrong-doing. The arguments of the Councillors who supported the motion were found to cat with equal facility in an opposite direction when Councillor Madge proposed that gatherings on the banks of the river should not be prohibited, in order that outdoor services might be held by street missionaries. It is to be hoped that the Conncil will see fit to repeal the clause for bidding Snnday boating, and thus leave the practice to be dealt with as scemeth fit to each member of the community. In introducing the Irish Land Bill, Mr. Glad stone showed the hopelessness of attempting to apply to Ireland, in its peculiar circamstanoes as regards all matters connected with the tennre of land, the ordinary rnles of utilitarianism. The inordinate " earth-hunger" of Erin's sons keeps np a fictitious, and preposterously high, scale of rents, and therefore he held that the State waB justified in protecting tenants.from ^thematural results, that would flow from their imprudent bargains. The Bill therefore pro vides that a dissatisfied tenant may have his reni fixed by a Land Court, and that upon his agreeing to pay the rent so fired, his lease shall, be eecured for a statutory term of fifteen years duriDg . .which period there can be no change. Air. Farneli and his followers are hostile to those portions of the Bill which attempt to fix the rents of agricultural land, and, in Committee, intend to endeavour to seo'.tre various amend ments relating thereto. Undoubtedly Mr. Farneli has laid his finger on ihe weakest point of the measure, for his comments are identical with the conclusions arrived at by the two mem bers of the Bessbarough Commission—Professor Bonamy Price and Mr. Arthur Kavanagh, to the exceptional ability of the latter of whom Mr. Gladstone has himself testified. Until the present excessive demand for agricultural land in Ireland is reduced, any attempt to fix the rents mast end in failure. It was in this very matter that the Land Act of 1870 was defective. Ihe real cause of txocuive rents is not landlord-greed so muoh as a demand fcr land in excess of the supply. Mr. Pornell's remedy is to give every tenant-farmer the fee simple of his holding, but bis plan practically amounts to wholesale confisc^ion. The Govern ment proposal is more practicable. Under the Bill the State is to give every encouragement to tenants to buy their holdiugs by advancing (hem money and introducing a system of " deferred payments." This provision appears to command the support of a large majority of the authorities on the subject; - but, nevertheless, no artificial conditions what ever can actually shut out the influence of capital. He emigration clauses, which are so unpalatable to the Land Leaguers and-the Boman Catholic clergy, muchiqcye fully meet the exigencies of thp .esse, and would materially teivd: to equalise the supply and demand. Another means of effecting the same purpose would be the development of manufoo Russia is no more." It gloated over the details of the assassination with a cold-blooded cruelty almost incredible. " The bomb fell at the despot's feet, shattered his legs, ripped open his belly, and caused many wounds and deaths among the surrounding Oossaoks. The Emperor was conveyed to his palace, where, for an hour and a half, he was able amid horrible sufferings to meditate on his guilty life. At last he died —as a dog dies." After this the article went on to some general reflections, thus:—"What we might at any rate complain of is that so-called tyrannicide happens so seldom. If only a single crowned wretch were disposed of every month in a short time no one would care to play the monarch. Indeed, we might actually wish that it should so turn out, for we hate the hypocriti cal mock-liberal monarch no lees than the deBpotB sans phrase, because the former, perhaps, have greater power of retarding the develop ment of civilization than the latter. Mean while, be this as it may, the throw was good, and we hope that it was not the last." To defend the wretched author of these bloodthirsty ravings a Defence Committee was organized among the democrats of London, and the Chair man at one meeting expressed the opinion that the day would come when tne man who threw the bomb 'which [killed Alexander II. would be regarded as the Russian William Tell. This is a libel, not only on the Russians, but on mankind. No assassin has ever been permanently honoured as a patriot. The Spaniards say very little at the present day about Gerard, the murderer of the Prince of Orange, although at the time the deed was committed they honoured him as a patriot. So it will be with the murderer of Alexander II., and the Nihilists will never find a true hero until they discard the policy of assassination. _ The recent agitation in favour of the construc tion of a light tramway from Port Augusta to Phillip's Ponds has drawn publio attention somewhat prominently to the practicability and usefulness of light lines of railway in distriots where a heavy expenditure would not be war ranted. The supporters of the agitation alluded to the incredibly low estimates of £500 and £700 per mile as the amounts which a tramway or a light railway would respectively cost, but we pointed out at tbe time that £1,000 per mile would be probably much nearer the mark, even in the case of the most economically-constructed line that could be laid down in this colony. The illustrations which have presented them selves during the consideration of the question prove that we were not very far wrong in our calculation; still, certain modifications have been introduced by engineers in the construc tion of "portable railways," whioh enable them to qnote the cost of a 30-inch gauge line at from £600 to £800 per mile. In these lines the necessity for making cuttings and for ballasting is avoided. The rails are manufactured in conjunction with iron or steel sleepers, and are so light that each piece, consisting of two rails and four sleepers, can easily be lifted by one man. Each sleeper is formed of two metal plates bolted together. One plate passes under the rails, and is turned np at the ends so as to grip their outer flanges, while the other plate holds the inner flangeB, and keeps the gauge true. The lateral edge of the lower plate is turned down wards, so that when the sleepers are pressed or hammered into the ground stability is at once secured. In all new countries the policy of the Government should un doubtedly be to afford facile communica tion between the interior and the seaboard, so long as the expenditure is kept within a fairly reasonable limit. Where population is shifting and erratic, or where "a district's resources have not been shown to be definitely durable, the construction of a railway is a somewhat risky experiment, the ultimate result of which oannot be even approximately foreseen. Therefore, if by J a system of light, portable railways the Government could tentatively open-up and test areas of country at present devoid of communi cation with trade outlets, the gain to the colony would be a solid and lasting one. In cases where cheap lines proved unremunerative the loss need not be more than trifling, as tbe portable railway could be transported to a more promising district; while in a oOuntry whose resources became, in consequence of the light railway, so expanded as to establish a fair claim to a more costly, permanent line, , the -pilot railway might be secondarily utilised as a feeder to its successor. taring industries In the southern and western portions of tte island. It is almost hopeless, however, to offer each mildly remedial measures as those are to men about to be evicted from their farms, and whose faith is pinned upon a policy of confiscation and of the expropriation of landlords. The latter, on the other hand, complain that the Bill is unjust to them, and the opposition of the landed interest in the House of Lords will almost inevitably secure the Bill's rejeotion, should it ever reaeh that Obamber. The prospect of the Bill ever be coming law is hazy in the extreme. The Hon. W. B. Bounsevell has already, at thi early period of his official career, passed through an uncommon ministerial experience. On Sa turday last he was, as a private individual, de fendant in a case in which, as the head of the Customs department, he was also the prosecutor. In consequence of a discovery made by the In spector of Distilleries, he found himself, in his ministerial capacity, called upon to decide whether he ought not to prosecute himself, as a wine and spirit merchant, for having in his pos session certain illegal documents, to wit, the labels of foreign bottlers without the words "Bottled in South Australia" being legibly im pressed upon them. Other wine and spirit mer chants had previously been muloted in various penalties for a similar offence against the law, and therefore it became impossible to overlook this breach of the etatnte. A charge was brought against Mr. Bonnseveil in the Police Court. Ho formal plea was entered, bats state ment was made by the defending counsel to the effeot that the labels in question were not amongst Mr. Eounsevell's known stock, but had long lain hidden amongst discarded rubbish, and bad been simply brought to light by anacoi dent. The counsel for the prosecution said that he bad every reason to believe that the defen dant's statement represented the true facts of the case, and Mr. Beddome accordingly inflicted the lowest penalty provided by the law. We fully credit Mr. Bounsevell's explanation; but we bold that the case was of sufficiently impor tant a nature to warrant a more formal refuta tion. It was due to Mr. Bounsevell himself, as well as to the colony, that the cironmstances of the case ehould have been placed in the clearest light, and that nia innocence of anything but an accidental and purely technical contravention of the law should have been established beyond the cavil of his most sceptical political oppo nents. Besides, the explanation given would seem to throw some imputations upon the honesty of Messrs. Johnston & Furniss, from whom Mr. Bounsevell recently purchased the business; and even, if no other reason existed, it was due to the memory of the late Mr. Johnston, a gentleman of the very highest com mercial standing, who was for many years the head of that Gru, that the matter should have been fully examined. In similar cases previously dealt with evidence was heard at leDgth, but in this instance the statement of counsel was allowed to close up the proceedings. Had the prosecution chosen to press the case witnesses would have had to be called to testify to factB, and the public justification of the Trea surer that would have then resulted would have been much more satisfactory than the vindica tion he has now praotically obtained at the hands of the Polios Magistrate. The gullibility of human nature was never more srikingly illustrated than in the trial held in London, and concluded on April 13, in which-a spiritist impostor, named Mrs. Fletohtx, was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment for having conspired to defraud a Mrs. Hart-Davie* of considerable property. Mr. Fletcher, who was implicated with his wife, just managed to escape the punishing arm of the law. Mrs. Hart-Davies was a quiet-living, married lady, subject to ill-health, and atone period Fleteher, who styled himself " a spiritual and magnetic doctor," was called in to see her. Her oreda lous, weak nature seems to have at onoe incited his covetousness, and he marked her as a" pigeon to be plucked." The usual humbug of spiritu alistic reances, and psychic miraoles, was brought to bear upon the patient, who soon was induoed to leave her hnsband under the idea that the latter was trying to poison her. Mrs. Hart Davies accompanied Mr. and Mrs. Fletcher to America, and by means of letters dated from. "Heaven," and purporting to be penned, by the,. spirit of her departed mother, and other spiritualistic influences, she was persuaded to sigh away her money, jewellery, &e.;, besides' her interest in a legacy, amounting to between £30,000 and £40,000, to her epiritualietio friends, and a third person named Moreton. By the accident of friendly interposition she was brought" to her senses." and left the Fletchers, after having given a rival" magnetio doctor" a power of attorney. This rival spiritist suc ceeded in bringing the offending trio to justice, and In having restored to Mrs. Hart- Davies the bulk of her property. Bnt we need not travel so far as England or America for illustrations of " spiritualistic influence." Ia Victoria, the proceedings iu the Lamont will case disclose some carious facts. A Mrs. Jackson has since 1872 been the head of a " magnetic school" in Melbourne. With her Mr. Ebenezer Macgeorge was associated, and the testator Lamont seems to have become completely enchained under the potent influence cf these two persons, who affect to practise eleotro-blology. Lamont not only stayed with this couple and presented them with a handsome house to live in, but, dying, bequeathed to them several valuable properties, amounting in value, it is said, to over £100,000. The Jury—for the case is still sui judice, and therefore we cannot comment upon its merits—have the difficult task assigned them of deciding whether electro-biological foro9 does or does not exist, and, in addition to this, whether suoh force has been fraudulently used by the " magnetisers," for the purpose of self, advantage. AOEiiTdeal of spurious sympathy has bean evoked by the condemnation of the Nihilist—or, as he calls himself, the Social Democratic— editor, Johann Most, for publishing in London a libel on monarchs and an incitement to murder them. But we venture to say that few will appreciate this feeling when they read the extracts which were, adduced, by Sir William Harcourt in the House of Oommans in justifies tioa of the prosecution. The article commenced thus" Triumph 1 Triumph! The Emperor of 