Opening of Parliament. Thi following ia a summary of the proceed ings connected with the moving and seconding the 'Address in Roply,' and the adjournment of thedebate :— 'Mr. M. Hume Black, the newly-elected member for Mackay, moved that a Select Committee be appointed to draw up an ad. dress in reply to HisExcellenny the Governor, consisting of Messrs.: T. MoHwraitb, A. H. Palmer, ~F. A. Cooper, Simpson, and the mover. ? ' : ?? In reply to Mr. Griffith, the Premier said that the address having been moved snd seconded, he would then consent to the adjournment : \- me seises i»mmmee naving reiirea irom the Honse for a minute or so, shortly returned with the following address in reply : — . 'To His Exeelloncy Sir Arthur Edward Kennedy, Knight Grand Cross of the Most Distinguished Order of St. Michael and St George, Companion of the ' Most Honourable' Order of the Bath, ?Governor and Commandor-in-Cbief of , : the Colony of Queensland and its Dependencies. ? - May it Please Tods Exozllekot, — : We,' Her Majesty's loyal and dutifnl sub jects, the Members of the Legislative Assem bly, in Parliacaent assembled, desire to assnre your Excellency of our continued loyalty and affection towards the' Person and Government of ourjMost Gracious Sovereign, and wo thank Your Excelleney for the. Speech with which you hare, opened the session. ' We congratntate ybnr Excellency' on your having' returned- to the -colony in renewed ; We shall give our .careful and serious con sideration to the various measures submitted by your Excellency ;; and we trust that our labours may. resnlt in promoting the advance ment and prosperity of the colony.' ' . Tho OUener says:— Mr. Hume Black, in moving its adoption, expressed himself clearly and distinctly, and is evidently no novice at pnblio speaking. Ha did not enter deeply into any of tho matters contained in the speech ; but ha expressed his pleasure in making the motion, as ho considered tha mea sures proposed would increase the present satisfactory condition of tha country. He Judged by the financial; condition that fresh taxation would be unnecessary. The Govern ment had not been parsimonious, which made it all the more cieditsbte. He wu in favor of railways by land g'ant*, snd was glad to see such a achemo mentioned ia the speech. He was glad also to see tropical agriculture in Northern Queensland take snoh an important place, and referred with pleasure to the recent visit of tha Miniit.rs to northern districts. There were, he said, three magnificent indus tries in this colony — grazing, mining, snd agriculture. He referred especially to , the agricultural indust-y of the north, about whioh ho knew much, and was proud, to say they could compete with any msrket in tbe .world. ; He haa hopod to sea more reference tn (fin nnmtmnlinn nt Tipannti vall«w«va tin! snpposed it was dangerous to mention ahoh schemos for fear of a general rush from all districts. The Divisional Boards c-wld (d» 'much to secure their construction in district* where they were really required. He would like to seo s 'general inspection of aUam boilers included in tho Mines Regulation Bill.' : ' Tho 'hear, hears,' which greeted Mr. Black on sitting down, having subsided, Mr. H. Palmer,' in seconding the address In reply, olainied indulgonao for his first speech. He reviowed the Governor's Speech, takine each paragraph nriatia, and orinsidored tho Trans coutinentsl Railway-*.ichemo as tha moat im portaut portion nf the Whole speech, though ha opnld not endorso tho termini mentioned as fKiitiB the most dosirable. With all his heart and mind he believod tho Ministers hail gained a onmplete victory, and wss highly delighted to be able to allude to the tapnrt ol the commission just read, which he looked spoil as an acquittal. Ho would have likod to tea ?onio referenca to.tho Agcnt-Ucneral's office in rogarii to an Aot to ro-modol it. . Mr. Palmer having ooocludodsts quarter to 6 o'clock, Mr. Knutledge moved the adjourn mnnt o'fithe debate until that day week. Mr. Do Satgo said representatives of distant parts of the colony were at a disadvantage by this, long adjournment. ; Tho Premier said the object of the adjourn mentwaai to expedite and not to delay business, if Mr. De Satge had been in the House lost year he would have seen that. The debate was then adjourned until Tues day next, and the House adjourned at ten minutes to 6 o'clock until date. . ; General News. Mb. KacCabtht.— Mr. ^E. R. N. Mao Carthy who, for the last four years acted here as Sub-Collector of Customs, Harbor-master and Acting-Police Magistrate, left on Saturday last for fiaokay. Mr. MacCartby was tha first Government Officer sent hen to establish snd vindicate the law. The various duties imposed upon him, besides being so* numerous as to overtask tbe greatest powers of endnrance were also- at times of so conflicting a natnre that one wondered that the same person should be expected to perform them all. Mr. Mac Carthy, however, passed throagh it all with great credit to himself. Bare abilites in ;the discharge of the worlcof his. own department,^ a capacity of work, and an energy of will, far beyond the ordinary, enabled him to satisfy his chiefs and public gei-erally. The best wishes of his many friends will follow him to the new field of his labors, and we may fecili tata the people of Mackay npon having secured the services of such aa able officer. — Port Dmglat Gazette. A Prihteb's Joke.— Printers' jokes are not always enjoyable, but an exception may be made in favour of tha witticisms of John B. : Talmao, of Lynn, whi ; celebrated' his golden wedding by giving 250 doL to the city hospital to 1 be used for tie benefit of the printers of Lynn, accompanying tile rift with the follow-' ing note : — Gentlemen, — Having been a pioneer in the printing holiness in Lynn, and baring spent a long term of years in the (to me) pleasant application of the 'Arts Preservative of air Arts,' as my wife belongs to a typo graphical family, respresented by a father and four (of six) brothers, I have improved the ' golden' opportsmity — vonchsaved but once in a lifetime— to commemorate the 50th anni versary of onr marriage by a gift to .the Lynn Hospital in behalf of the printers at Lynn. I, therefor,: have, this day 'given ont' to tho Lynn Hospital a 'tske1' 2600 doL to ba 'set up' and remain ss a 'live matter,' to be ??' worked off' ss occasion may require, but, in no 'tase' is the 'original' 'form' :to be ' disturbed.' I eheriah the hope, for' your sake, that the institution may never be obliged to ; ' turn' for the wsnt. of 'sorts' or hare the misfortune to 'pi the form' or 'squabble' any part; but will keep tho' ? furniture' so well ' adjusted,' snd so ply the ' mallet' and 'shooting stick' and not a ' quoin' shall ' droop out' or be lost Thns may they be able to .' work off' 'token' after 'token,' year by year, till the lost living member of the ' black art' snail have ' corrected' bis latt proof.' MiRKSHANBmP.— Mr. J. A. Milne (?* Lom bard-street writing to Lord Echo, says he ' is glad to see as regards the army steps are to be taken to remedy so fatal an costly an error,!' viz, ' not training onr soldiers to make tho best possible nse of their rifles. 'an3« a volun teer of twenty years ago, he thinks that some ttiing should be dose for. volunteers also, and he encloses a cheque for £2500 (all honour to him)to found a proa far the highest score in shooting at uncertain, distances. . Nothiko wss more remarkable (writes 'Atlas' in the World) at Lord Beacons6eld's funeral than the conapicoous absence of men of letter*. Lord Lytton has written rhymes ; so, to hi* soorow has Lord John Manners, who has also been Postmaster-Genera] I and Lord Do fibrin has produced ' Letters from High Latitudes,' and translated .' Unaccustomed as I am to publio speaking' into dc^Latin ; hut it would hardly occur to anyone V,-ieacribo these noblemen ss men of letters. {j[ few well known joursrlists were present, itut only officially ; snd both tbe late Lord Lytton and Lord Hougbton have drawn a - line between the newspaper light brigade and tho ' hop]ites',of pnra literataro. Neither poet, historian nor novelist was present; neither Tennyson nor Browning, Fronde Dor Green, Trollope nor; BJackmore, stood beside the grave of the brilliant writer, who, himself the son of a man of letters, took bis place Un 'literature' si an early age, and maintained it almost to the last. There is no doubt that tbe exercntors were first fettered by the will snd then overwhelmed by the number of applications; but it wss strange nevertheless that the aft which Benjamin Disraeli loved to the day of his death should have hai no fit ting representative among those who paid him tbe last sad honours. ; ENDranoff In tha Qaetntlon&er; says:— A recent alteration la the Customs department one gentleman resigning his office— occasioned tbe advance of nn less than ten others, and the names of all these were duly recorded in last week's Gazette, from tbe sub-collector at Port Douglas, who has been made sub-collector at Mackay, down to the assistant clerk and messenger at Brisbane, who has been promoted to a full blown junior deik. It ia not often that so much happiness is the result of one man's misfortune ; but if tha gentleman whose resignation occasioned all these promotions could realise the pleasure which ba has been, the means of affording to these ten men and then : ten wives snd, well .say, nnumbered children snd friends, he would probably be in some measure' compenutad for say incon venianoe arising from bis loss ef office. There isjusione though, lika a' moral to my tale, and that .is tho reflection how and much more satisfactory is this arrangement than that of bnngiDg a gentleman from outside tba depart ment to stap over the beads of old and ex perienced servant! till, like the soldier' in Napoleon's army of whom we havo all heard, they become bald by th» frequent repetition. of the onpleasantprocess. . : Wi (Ctmritr) hare received from Messrs. Watson, Ferguson, and Co. a copy of the revised edition of tke New Testitnent The size is imperial 32mo., sod tbe type a clear largo-faced nonpareil. The revised edition has already been described in these columns, snd tha appearanaeot the text strikes a reader familiar with tha authorised version. We do not pretest to offer an opinion on tbe revision itself, bat tha following quotation from tha introductory remarks of tha revisers will give their own judgment on their work. They say a ' While wo dan to hope that in places not a few of tha New Testament tba introduction of slight changes has cast a new- light npon. ranch that was difficult and obscure, wa cannot forget how often we havo failed in expressing some finer shade of meaning whioh wo recog nised in tha original, how often idiom has stood In the wsyof a perfect rendering, and how often tbe sttempt to preserve a familiar form of words or even a familiar cadence, has only added auotherperplexitytaait already beset us' Tha book is printed at tba Oxford Dniversity preas, arid, according to the: Primttrt' EtguUr the copripht has beea purchaaedjby the Uni vorsit»o of Oxford and Cambriafc. who an asid to bave Riven £20,000 for it Copies are however, sold at very reasonable rstea, from Is; 6d.- upwards. ; Speaking of tha opening of Parliament on Tuesday tba Cow-itr aaya :-Just before the Speaker took the chair tha member* camo dropping u- rather more slowly than on previ ouj ooeaslons. Tho Preralar and Mr. Grifflth entered almost at tha same time, snd each for J few momenta sat aloue on his bench— the former seeming to regard his opponent with a stew expression, the latter wesnna the air of . conioious integrity, combined with, rigorous ISI Uft.,mhl-* ' ?,'weU knowo to »-is admirars. Mr. M'Uan was thefirst to support his chief M Dwraith s oolleagnes soon relieved hisisola lion. Some little cariosity was felt as to tho Mr Stnbley sat by the side of the Premier, ?milmtt across tha House to his . former oou.1' radovbut he soon found his way back to his lormer posu,on. Tha oeremony of sweariie-in features, Md the difficulty/that torro men ? '? kIitxy* eipcrwnc* when they endeavour to go ? round-* 'sharp carve ^q a dignified manner, %aiUy»ctoiT. way this year than on previous occasions. G«n«rallTspeaking,: tho introdnoers smile feebly ,'xs thry Approach the Spelter, while the nfw man gates straight in front of him, and loots exceedingly solemn. Bat then was not the ghost of a smile oh the Premier'* f»ce as .he broapht forward hit new colleague, aad he moved the chains oat of his road with as much stem decision as if they had been g^^~ ' political opponents. The new member .for * Mackav made an excellent empression by his opening artress. He spoke like a man who * knew exactly what 'he intended to say, and ? ha*1 the ^ft 'of ssyinc, it in a clear and intelli gible language ; and he was not disconcerted, ..- althongh he did not receive the indulgence onally extended by the House to new mem ~ bers making their maiden speechs. He had ? bir.ilv began Breaking when Mr. Groom inter jected a sarcastic remark and he had to go on amidrt freqnent interruptions' from the Oppo ' Eition benches. Mr. Henry I'almer aho acquit ted himself in a creditable manner, and, although craving indulgence according to the ' nsnal formula, displayed very little norvous * ness. There weremany*cheers on th« Govern '? menl«.3eof the House when the reading of the report of the Royal Commission was con ' eluded, and connttr-cheers from tho Oppon tion, led by a significant 'hear, hear' from Mr. Griffith, when the' Colonial- Secretary came to the words ''and the evidence taken by the Commission' in moving that the re port be printed. Last session the' Ministerial members teemedto be more anxiow for the fray than their oponents ; last year the Oppositionists had almost the monopoly of de6ant ejaculations. The remark does not apply to Mr. Griffith, He was mild and deprecatory in his manner, and it was tn an . almost affectionate tone that he exhorted1 ? members to read, mart, and: inwardly digest the evidence taken, by the Royal Commission . ' before they met again. iThe proceedings termin ? ; ated in a rather abrupt manner. The.Premier ? ? left the question how the report should bo considered with a ' settle itamongyonrselves' : air to the members generally: The House accordingly drifted into than decide upon the arrangement for a weets* adjournment. The Ohthrvtr gives the following is the positions ? which members occupied in the Legislative 'Assembly on Tuesday last :-Government : Messrs. Back. BInndell, Cooper (P.), Cooper I.F. A..); De Satge,' Hamilton, Hill Kellett, '?? Kincsford, LaUr. Low,.Macrossan, M'llwraith Norton, O'Sulliran, Palmer (Sir A. H.), Palmer (T£), P.rkins, Price, Scott, Simpson, : and Stevenson. Opposition : Messrs: Aland, Beattie, Ttfckson, Foote, Gaxrick, Griffith, Grimes, Gmom, Horwitz, Kates, Macfanane ? ??' H'Lean, Miles, Paterson, Rea, Euthledge, Stnbley, Thompson, and Tyrel. Absent : Meters. Archer, Bailey; Bayhes, Feer,Fraser. Meston, Palmer (H. W.), Per.se, Sheaffe, Stevens, Sandwick, Thorn, and .Walsh. ? 