THE DREAM AND THE TRANCE Dr. Frederick George Lee is contributing to the Burlington (a new sixpenny magazine which by the abundance and quality of its contents, may in the long run play havoc with the shilling monthlies) a series of papers on a subject which he has made his speciality. Of" Three Ghost Stories" which he has promised, the first is called "The Dream and the Trance." and is as fol lowe: In the early part of the present century two Oxfordshire men, who niay be termed respectively the "Rev. Dr. Walker" and the "Rev. Octavus Pitts," were fellows of one of the oldest and most renowned colleges at Oxford. As boys, having been brought up together, they had been personally ac quainted with several of the French emi grant priests, who had fled from France, and had learnt from them to believe more firmly in the supernatural than was the case with many of the English clergy of that period. A French Archdeacon, who had found a refuge and a agreeable Dorchester, in Oxfordshire, and who was buried in the A bbey Church Church there, at the expense of the Rev. Dr. Gauntlett, Warden of New College, had exercised a direct and great in fluence on the faith and opinions of Dr. Walker in regard to the Unseen World-a a subject in which the latter took a very deep and earnest interest. Both Dr. Walker and Mr Pitts became firm believers in the intervention of angelic beings in the concerns of the present life, and one of them left on record a carefully written systematic treatise on the subject, of considerable theological and general value. It is reported, and the report certainly has several facts for its foundation, that these two clergymen entered into a solemn compact with each other, that, which ever of the two should die first, the other if he were permitted, and if it a ere possible would return in the spirit to the survivor to speak of the realities and nature of the unseen world. This mutual pledge was made and committed to writing in terms of great sacredness and solemnity. Whether it was ever directly fulfilled is not known for certain to the friends of either but Dr. Walker remained a fellow of his college for many years after his friend Pitts had taken a country living, about eighteen miles from Oxford, where in a pleasant rectory he resided as a bachelor, attended by a considerable number of servants, living in good style, and was looked upon with singular regard by all who sojourned near. About the year 1816-for the exact date seems undetermined, some have written 1815, and others a year later-Dr. Walker had a most extraordinary dream or vision. Thus He was in residence in college in the month of November of either one or other of the years mentioned, and as he went to bed, nothing whatsoever had occurred dur ing the day to bring especially to his mind his old college friend ; in the night, however, Dr. Walker had a vivid and distressing dream. He had seen his friend Pitt's face, pale, and suffused with pain. Having awoke in a state of suffocation, or something akin to it, Dr. Walker mused for some time on what he had beheld, or seemed to behold, Soon, however, he had went to sleep again. He then dreamed that Mr Pitts appeared once more to him, with his features drawn, his eyes glazed and very wide open, with an expression of deep fear on his countenance. and that Pitts exclaimed several times " Walker, they are burying me!" Again he awoke and in a state some of peturbation ; for the voice hed sounded so naturally to him while the whole vision was so extremely lifelike, that ic made him lie awake for a long time and meditate upon its nature and meaning. Before he went to sleep again, however, he half resolved to ride over to Mr Pitts' rectory in the coming afternoon. Then soon afterwards he slept till the morning. The 15th of the month of November broke unusuaily brightly. The sky.was rosy, and almost cloudless. Some pressing college workdemanded Dr. Walker's unremitting attention up to luncheon time, and he con sequently then abandoned his proposed ride. In due course he went to bed, rose as usual next morning, and, having duly breakfasted, was sitting reading a book in an armchair before the fire, when 'an ordinary tap was heard on the door of his apartment. Think- I ingcit was the boot cleaner or scout, he called out, "Come in," without looking round or discontinuing his reading. Sud denly having noticed the opening of the door and the certain ingrdis of the servant as he imagined, he at once heard most dis dinctly an audible whisper in his ear, in his friend Pitts familiar voice-" Walker, they are burying me!" Starting up suddenly, he turned round to find the door closed, no one in the room, neither scout or any one else; nor, on en quiry, had either of the servants come. He was greatly perplexed and alarmed, Coup ling this strange occurrence with his dream of the previous night, he resolved to start off and see his friend without delay. His roa 1 lay through Littlemore, Nuneham, and Dorchester; but was several miles beyond the last named decayed and sleepy town. After a hard ride, he at length reached his friend's, when, to his intense surprise and amazement, he came on .a plumed hearse and a pair of horses standing on the gravel before the front door. What could it mean ? Was it another dream? Was Pitte then dead. On making inquiry of the servants Dr. Walker found, that this was the case, and that, moreover, the coffin of his friend was actually being screwed down at the very moment, preparatory to the funeral. . sister and brother-in-law, with some other relatives, were already here as mourners, and the corpse was to be committed to earth at 3 o'clock. Dr. Walker, who was singularly overcome, for he had consequently dwelt on their for mer understanding during his ride, pressed earnestly to be allowed to see his old-friends face for once more. Objections were raised, but he could not be denied. The coffin had been finally closed, the servants informed him; but on his repeated and most urgent request and a direct appeal to the relatives, it was unscrewed. There his friend lay rigid and greylike in a shroud, with his hands crossed and tied together at the wrists. It was too true! Death had evidently overtaken him, and Dr. Walker had lost a true and dear friend. Stooping down, however, to kiss his fore head, he at once noticed there was an ab sence of that peculiar and unmistakeable odour which always so distinguishes the death chamoer. Lie than put his ears to the body's breast and lips, and, with a firm and determined exclamation, cried out " Surely he breathes; he's not dead. This is a trance; this not death; Pitts !" he ex claimed in a clear commanding-" Pitts, do you hear me?" There was at once a slight-a very slight -paroxysm visible at one corner of the mouth ; at least so it seemed to him. The undertaker's men thought the intruder was either a fanatic or a madman; but they did not interfere. Dr, Walker peremptorily forbade the funeral taking place; and after some dis cussion with the relaives of Mr Pitte, the body was lifted out of the coffin and placed in a bed. The extremities were rubbed warm applications made use of. and, al though the trance continued for three days, the latent signs of life were such as to give every hope of eventual recovery: These signs developed in due course; and within a week of Dr. Walker's visit, Mr Pitt's had regained his consciousness. Without entering into unnecessary details as to the method by which he subsequently recovered his health and strength, or without tran- cribing certain medical notes, still in existence, which contain a record of the various phases of a remarkable and notable illness. After the trance first supervened, he could as he declared, hear the remarks of those in attendance upon' him from time to time, though he himself remained per fectly passive, and was unable tostir hand or foot, or to move mouth or eyelid. Sub sequently, he lost all consciousness, and could never by any effort remember any thing further at all. The voice of his friend Dr. Walker, used with great distinctness when he lay inhis coffin, seemed to bring him back to the present world; but he did not even then realize his true "position, nor was he actually conscious, except for a few short intervals, until three days subsequently. Mr Pitts, retiring to Bath, lived for nine years afterwards ; and it is on record, in the handwriting of a near relation, that, while always full of gratitude for the action of Dr. Walker (taken, as Mr Pitts believed, through some supernatural intervention) he himself was unusually reticent in speaking of the event, and objected strongly to its discussion in his own presence. " The voice of entreaty heard at Oxford may have been my spiritual voice," he used often to re mark; "of that I can say nothing, for I know nothing, Or it may have been the voice of my Guardian Angel. If so, L.aus .Deo0." 