LITERATURE. AN AUSTRALIAN NOVELIST.* The lady 'whose maiden name appears on the title-page oi the earlier of these stories, and her married name on that of the later one, has made a successful dibui as an Aus tralian novelist. To this title she has several Strong claims. Australian herself, she has sought in Australian life and' conditions the inspiration for her novels, and she has brought a strong feeling of Australian patriotism to bear on her work. Her first novel, An Australian Heroins, met with a cordial reception from the critics and the reading public, who were glad to find them selves among the freBh unworn Bcenery and social conditions of Australian life, amid which the best part of her story lay. She has followed this success by the publication of the second of these works, which iB pre sented as "A Novel of Australian Life." It will be a matter of interest to colonial readers to give some attention to Mrs. Praed's books, and to see with what degree of merit and ability she is assuming the position of an Australian novelist The opening chapters of An Australian Heroine display a great deal of freshness and power. The scene of them is laid on Man doolan Island, which, we are told, " is a long strip of land some 40 miles in length, and varying from seven to 14 in breadth, lying parallel with the north-eastern coaBt of Aus tralia. Its northern extremity forms a bluff narrow cape, upon which stands a light house and a pilot and telegraph station; the business of the officials being to guide ships past the great barrier reef, and to signal and report vessels bound north ward, and such small coasting steamers as find their way up the Frazer River to the town of Frazerville." On thiB island we are introdnced to Esther, the daughter of the drunken pilot, Hagart. She is a dreamy girl, who sits perched on a rock overlooking the restless illimitable ocean, and seekB to people the great void aronnd her with beings evoked by imagination. The character, and life, and visionary ideas of this young girl, who is always trying to build up the world in fancy on the scanty formation yielded by what she has picked up from the converse, tion of the few residents of the island, and what she can gather from the chance books that have drifted to her hands, are drawn with great tenderness and ability, and the picture is a very original and striking one. The kindhearted squatter, Overstone, who has a cattle-station on the island, is also a very good portrait of the intelligent, ener getic, self-made Australian settler. Hagart, Esther's father, with his shabby traces of re finement and better days, and his habits of wild drunkenness, apparently resorted to as an escape from brooding recollections, is, again, a character that is depicted with a good deal of force and truthfulness. The strange life of this little isolated community, to which only dim, vague echoes of the doings of the far-off world ever pierce, and amid which the dreamy, yearning girl grows np with a mind full of eager visions, is brought strongly and vividly before the reader by a few incidental touches, and the effect is very striking and impressive. Esther has no mother, and the savage grief of Hagart for the loss -of his wife is evidently associated with a feeling of remorse. The author contrives, withont any forcing of the probabilities, to bring to this island Mr. Lydyiard, whom we gradually discover to have been the husband of Hagart's wife, who deserted him to form a onion with the man who afterwards "went to the bad," drifted into vice and crime, and was sent as a convict to Australia. He has come to the island to select a tract of land as a site for an experimental colony, and is accompanied by a young army officer named George Brand. Brand is soon attracted by the wild natural beauty of Esther; her imaginative disposi tion invests him with all the graces of a hero of romance, and Lydyiard is deeply stirred by finding himself in the person of Hagart, some sketches of his dead wife, and thelivingfiealityofherdaughterEstherbronght face to face with the long-laid ghost of his past life All these portions of the story are marked with great originality, freshness of invention, the touch of power, and the capacity of making the personages of the story live and move before our eyes. We do not, indeed, care for the love-making passages between Brand and Esther. Brand is a com mon, coarse-minded young fellow, but he is to the eyes of Esther so draped and adorned by the investing powers of her own imagina tion that she does not perceive this. Bat there is an unnecessary warmth and per sistency o! detail in the accounts of the re peated hissings and.embracings and endear ments, of the " bewildering sweet agitations" with which Brand iB filled by the "tonch>of Esther's flesh," and then again more kissingB and pressings and embracings. - We am made to feel at the same time, by the ob trnffiye vulgar commonplace of Brand, that if a - pure-winded, enthusiastic, visionary girllike Rather could take him as the embodi ment of her' high ideal her powers of self- i deception post be very great indeed. It is at pai* rather singular to find that Mrs. Praed, who is generally so careful in the poifrtdbr *fa>ch her story is connected with events in , the real world, has made Brand onftM|d!toreloin his regiment at 8ydney, and thrj recalled home owing to expec tations of war with' Russia in Ifi74and75, ata^ftthbU which involve errors of fact and date in aim rate very word. ■ ■, ■ '^fj^.i'tpry js transferred to jjUigUwi, nnnd. nit i amw, we find' .a great ht tb'* ftoihor's IwyMBtr'. Ww wt <hy|dentiy> now dealing with the taaban /mach •an Amtmllaa Heroine, M?-K. Money Prior, ! London: Chapman end HalLy-lBM. Policy end IfcaMon, a Hovel of AwtreffiUBe, fay Mm OempbeU Freed. London; Hkhart Mfi|yeiKfsoQ. U8L J conventional. The narrative moves in re spectable circles of upper-class English society, and yet we find the people express themselves in a very extraordinary manner. There is Mr. Bernard Comyn, who is offered to us as not only a well-bred gentleman, but also as a man of intellectual cultivation, and he tells Esther that when he was a school boy he liked to be taken to Bee sights in the holidays, "at least I used to think myself preciously ill-used if I wasn't." We are glad to learn of this gentleman that "he was not wanting in vitality, either emotional or intellectual. Life ran in no flabby cur rent for him." His own intellectual and emotional vitality enables him to assure Esther, by way of explaining to her her own character, that she is "more intellectually than physically emotive." There is a much more obnoxious specimen of thiB social class in the person of MiBS Welby, of whom we are told when we first meet her that all the details of her costume " suggested wealth and particularity." We hardly know the meaning of this latter attri bute. We are prevented from aBBuming it to consist in refinement of taste by the con versation of the young lady herself. When her cousin, George Brand, resigns the position of her suitor to get engaged to Esther, she philosophically remarks to that young gentle man, " You had better have had a try for my fortune." She afterwards announces to George her intended marriage with a bishop. George iB inclined to think that it must be " some beastly High Church curate that yon have been making a fool of," to which she grace ully answers, " No, dear boy, nothing short of lawn sleeves." She thinks it pretty and engaging to speak of her bishop sb " the Lord'B Anointed," and apparently believeB that biBhopB bear that honorific title. When Esther surprises her husband warmly kissing the hand of bis sparkling cousin, that young woman, instead of feeling any thing like embarrassment, simply remarks to Esther, "You have bo spoiled the naughty boy by allowing him to indulge his naturally spooney disposition that he can't help kissing the paws of any young woman who happens to be handy—when yours are not available." This, we presume, iB the kind of behaviour which this young lady on another occasion qualifies as "deliciously cheeky." If some of Mrs. Praed's characters sometimes foil into coarseness and vulgarity, she herself is not altogether free from the opposite fault of fine writing, conveys little or no mean ing ; a Btyle which we can at once describe and illustrate in one of her own sentences, which says that, " even with the most sympathetic the current of mutual intelligibility some times passes by, and leaves an air-like sense of disappointment" As to the further course of the story of An Australian Heroine, we need not trace it here. It possesses little interest, it is only written to fill the required number of pages, and it leads up to a dreary denouement which is commonplace and sordid in the lowest degree. In Policy and Passion there is a great deal which shows intimate acquaintance with and interest in the political life of an Australian colony. The scene is laid in Queensland, and a prominent character • is Thomas Longleat, Premier of that colony, which appears under the name of Leichardt's Land. The chapters which deal with the appeal to the country on the subject of the railway policy of the Premier are written with animation, and admirably illustrate the phases of, and the hopes and expectations founded on, a general election in a community bo keenly susceptible of political feelings as Australian colonies are. At the same time the politics arekeptwellsubordinate to the course of the narrative, and rather form a foil moving background than interfere with the story. The sketches of the Australian bush, again, are vivid pieces of word- painting, andshow how well the writer has appreciated foe dis tinctive qualities and character by which foe Australian landscape iB differentiated from that presented in any other region of foe earth. Lord Adolphus, too, who is settled as a small squatter in Queensland, and his homely country wife, Maggie, are excellent portraitures, and the book is well adapted to give a good and faithful idea of Australian life in foe north of foe continent In all of foe conditions which are purely Aus tralian foe author has well succeeded, but where her mastery of local elements has not availed to help her she has at times foiled signally. The prond and ambitions and beautiful Honoria, daughter of foe Premier, is an utterly unreal- and conven tional romance heroine, and foe writer never succeeds for a moment in making her appear an actual living woman. ' Harrington, foe English aprig of nobility, who plays in this Btory a part very similar to that of George Brand in the former one, is again a very familiar example of foe accomplished, master ful. wibked hero, and the reader flatly refuses to believe in him as ever existing save for foe pnrpoees of a novelist. Hie influence over Honoria, exerted by means of some fascina tion which we are assured is Skin to mes merism, recalls Borne of foe dabbling in ignoble superstitipns which is exhibited in eoine of foe novels of the late Lord Ly tton. Angela, foe yonng dream/ fragile girl, who sees visions and babbles of fairies and spirits, with whom she holds mystic communion, is another -portraiture which the reader at once feels to be pne of foe hackneyed efcsgeproper ties of foe novelist font have dope duty on a hundred different occasions, but never with foe eligbtest resemblance-to anything in real life. - • We kpow directly jwo meet this phthi sical young lady .foat next year's spring violets are deetined to blow on her prema ture grave, and,- knowing this, we never take any further interest infaer. ' The fondness of • the writer forntodleetly minote aha need lessly warm dbwis'nf. foe methods of making love, is exhibited, in this .book perhaps tvtn mof6 deokftdlzi tiro ■ izt tii6 formar work, and some of foe descriptions might, wifo advantage, bate beefl toned down eo as to fcave mote tpfob ItnaMnatioh of fo* reader if he chbse tp /ekStlt*^The vulgar amoure of foe FmuIk^ Sfcp. Valiant,; ,fos wife of one j>f his political rirali, form < an unpleasant part of the work. There is also a good deal that is unpleasant to Aus tralians in the. incident of the Premier'e over-, throw in Parliament by his denunciation as an old convict by the leader of the Opposi tion. It is not agreeable to bave such an episode pat forward as a possibility in an Australian colony. Bat the reader is inclined to waive1 any criticism on this point on ac count of .the power and careful foretboaght and intelligent arrangement with which the passage is worked out. Summing up the results of theBe animad versions on these two novels, they appear to ub t9 contain much that is highly promising. Their Australian standpoint is so definite and bo firm that this at once differentiates them from the crowd of Becond and third rate novels which are given forth in snch abun dance by the preBS. They display much vigour of description and of characterisation, and are animated by the living power which gives life and reality to the personages described. But the author has much to learn in respect to the way of applying her powers to the best advantage, and, above all, as to where to stop. Ber taste and judgment require the maturing aid of caltnre ana experience, which would save her from presenting, as she some times does now, slangy vulgarity as thespark lingvivacityof recklessness and animal spirits. If in giving juBter views on these points she can at the Bame time learn to discrimate —which lady novelists so seldom do—be tween a gentleman and a cad, and to hold the latter in healthy abhorrence, she may Btill give as Brands and Barringtons if the Btory demands Buch personages, but they would never be offered as normal examples of good society. However, the qualities of freshness, and originality, and power with which we have credited Mrs. Praed are those which, if not possessed, can never be acquired; and those of taBte, and experience, ana judgment, in which she is wanting, are precisely those which life and work always help to cultivate in an intelligent mind. Therefore we may hope to receive futare works from the same pen in which the merits of the present ones will be found in equal or greater foroe, and their faults will be happily avoided. 