COMMUNICATED. _ indents vbo &n; good enough to . newepapeis containing theatrick) Itwtfl mooh cpllge by marking those PWsages to which tier desire to direct atten not)# ft&fl; when cuttings are enclosed, it is { desirable they should have attached to them the name of the paper from which they are taken, and the date.] Adelaide. Oct. 3. " Sonnambula brought fresh honours to Miss Bees, and really her Amina is a charm ing performance. " Pinafore" is again in full blast, and would probably run to the end of theoperaseason. Mrs. Williamson's Buttercup Sb quite a bumboat woman, and full, even for her, of humourous exuberance. She acci dentally knocked the boatswain's nose off the other night, and it waB about five minutes before he could fix it again, the house mean while being in fits of laughter at this unre hearsed bit of " business." A better Dick Deadeye is wanted, badly, for Mr. Ford's voice is neither deep nor big enough, but otherwise "Pinafore" is well produced. There are alternations of cast in some re spects, which are much relished. Mr. Wil liamson plays Sir Joseph Porter one night, Mr. Vernon the next; bo it is with Signora VenoBtaand Mrs. Williamson as Buttercup; with Miss ReeB and and Mrs. Williamson aB Josephine; and with Mr. Vernon aud Mr. Beaumont as Ralph. " The World" will be produced here next Monday. Shade of " Old Drury" protect us 1 Mr. Wybert Reeve's production of "The Money-spinner" in Brisbane has occasioned in that city a good deal of interest among playgoers. Mr. Reeve's Baron Croodle has enabled Mr. Reeve to take quite a new de parture in the series of his representations, and Miss Mayor's remarkably clever acting in the complex character of Millicent has surprised even her most enthusiastic ad mirers. Sydney, Oct. 5. The Mendelssohn Quintette Club has come to ub as a musical revelation. They delight everybody, both musical experts and those who judge by the untrained sense. When they come to Melbourne they will make a phenomenal impression. " Madame Favart," at the Royal, still holds the public in its grasp. Mr. Mervin's place is to be taken by Mr. Kelly, who, in conse quence of the retrogressive metamorphosis of the Leon and Kelly Company at the Opera house, has become available. Mr. Walter Reynolds, with his poor hotch potch melodrama of "Tried and True," appeared at the Queen's on Saturday night. At the School of Arts, Mr. Maccabe still nightly delights crowded audiences. At the Victoria-hall, Mr. Read's Ghosts continue to walk. Baton. The accident to Miss Kate Ramsden in Mobcow did not terminate fatally. Latest accounts state that she was recovering. Her numerous friends will be much gratified with this news. 