RUPERT GODWIN. BY the author op "lady atomy's secret," "AURORA FLOYD, &C.; CHAPTER XLV. THE FACE OF THE LOST. The Retreat, the abode in which Dr. Wilderson Snaffley received his patients, was a place which seemed eminently calculated to drive the sanest person mad. Dismal walls of an unusual height, and ornamented at the top with iron spikes, surrounded a dreary wilderness of tangled bushes and tall lean poplars, which was designated a garden. In the centre of this garden stood a high square house; a house which had once been white, but from whose damp- stained walls the stucco had peeled off in great patches. Long rows of curtainless windows, every one the the precise pattern of its neighbor, looked out upon the dismal wilderness. There were not even blinds to shut out the glaring heat of the sun ; but wooden shutters, painted black, swung to and fro before the windows with every gust of wind, and the rusty hinges made a dreary creaking noise, that was like the groaning of a human creature in pain. This was the place of which Dr. Snaffley spoke so pleasantly to the friends of liis patients, describing it always as " a delightful country mansion, standing in the midst of its own grounds." But the doctor knew his patrons; and he was not deluded by the sympathetic looks or compassionate phrases of the people who intrusted their relatives to his keeping, and who took no trouble to ascertain the nature of the place that sheltered the afflicted creatures, or the comforts that softened their calamity. Dr. Snaffley knew that no one who entered the gates of the Retreat would have committed a beloved relative to his care. The unfortunates who came to that dark abode were people who were to be got rid of. No matter how cheerless the home, how wretchedly furnished the room, how miserable the daily fare, how chill and damp the atmosphere; the patients were only likely to die the sooner, and the bitterly-grudged stipend cease to be paid. Dr. Snaffley took patients at different rates, for he varied his charge according to the circumstances of the persons who employed him. His policy was neither to ill-use his patients nor to starve them; his policy was to keep them alive at the smallest possible cost. He was not personally cruel; but he allowed the men and women he employed to do pretty much as they liked ; while he lived his own life, and enjoyed himself after his own manner in London, only putting in an appearance at the Retreat now and then. In that joyless, comfortless mansion there was, it may be hoped, less actual cruelty than in some of those dens of iniquity which have encumbered this beautiful earth. There were padded rooms, into which the dangerous lunatics were thrust, and kept under lock and key; but the harmless lunatics were allowed considerable liberty. The walls were so high, and the neighborhood so utterly desolate, that there was little chance cither of escape or of communication being held with the outer world. By far the larger number of his patients, and those for whom Dr. Wilderson Snaffley was the most liberally paid, were not mad, but were the wretched victims who, for some reason or other, had been put out of the way by their unnatural relatives upon the infamous pretence of insanity. These patients were very quiet. At first they were loud in their complaints. They cried out bitterly for justice; they threatened •they implored—they wept—they wrote letters, and tried with piteous persistence to held some communication with the outer world—to find some means of reaching the ear of mercy, of enlisting the voice of justice in their cause. But no eye save that of Heaven saw their sufferings; no mortal ear but that of merciless gaolers heard their complaints ; and in time they were all wearied out, one after another, and submitted with a stupid apathy to an inevitable fate. A hopeless, changeless melancholy took possession of them. They sat motionless at the windows staring blankly, out upon the gloomy prospect They rarely conversed with one another; for what could they talk of in that living grave ? Sometimes they roamed listlessly in the dreary wilderness, staring at those walls which shut them out from all they had ever loved or cherished. They ate their scanty meals in despondent silence. The wild chatter of the really mad patients tortured them with its discordant jargon ; and they had no heart to speak amidst the Babel that surrounded them. Thus it was not stTange that many who entered that place as sane as the wretches who sent them there became at last raving maniacs. All Dr. Snaffley wanted was the liberty to enjoy himself abroad, and the power to save fortune fox his old age fromthe profits of th^ Retreat He was already rich; but ©very day brought him new wealth, and every day made him more greedy of gain. Still, notwithstanding the good luck that had attended his dreary abode for many years, Dr. Snaffley had never before caught so rich a prize as the patient committed to his care by Rupert Godwin the banker. The proprietor of the Retreat knew his power; he knew that the patient called Lewis Wilton, who had been placed under his care, was capable of revealing a secret that might have condemned Rupert Godwin to a felon's doom. The patient once within the walls of the Retreat, the secret was safe—as safe as if it had been buried in the grave of a second victim. " If Rupert Godwin had dared, he would have murdered this young man," thought Dr. Suaflley; " he only pays me because he hasn't pluck enough to play the bolder game." For some days and nights after his removal to the Retreat, Lionel Westford remained still unconscious—still a prey to delirious fancies, to terrible visions, to all the wild delusions of a violent attack of brain- fever. But Dr. Wilderson Snaffley, although a scoundrel and a charlatan, was not without a certain cleverness in his professional capacity. He prescribed for the young man with a watchful care that he did not often bestow upon a patient, for Lionel Westford's life was worth five hundred pounds a year to him— more than the income derived from five ordinary patients. For this reason the invalid enjoyed privileges that had never before been shown to any inmate of the Retreat. A private bedchamber was allotted to him, instead of a miserable truckle-bed in one of the bare wards, where twenty patients slept side by side, with the wind whistling round them from the chinks in the worm-eaten doors and window-frames. The battered furniture of the dreary mansion was ransacked in order that a tolerably comfortably bed and a dilapidated easy-chair might be found for Lionel's private room. The fever- stricken young man progressed very rapidly in the hands of his new attendant; and in little more than a week after his removal from Wilmingdon Hall the patient had recovered consciousness. The recovery of consciousness was the most awful hour in Lionel Westford's life—more awful even than the hour in which, stricken by the revelation of his father's murder, he fell senseless on the turf in Wilmingdon Park. As he opened his eyes and stared stupidly about him, trying helplessly to remember where he was, the bare and wretched aspect of the chamber sent a deadly chill to his heart. Where was he ? Never before had he seen those dreary, dirty walls. That dingy paper, with its geometrical pattern in dirty yellow and faded brown, falling in tattered shreds here and there, and looking as if it had not been renewed for twenty years, and those bare carpetless boards, belonged to no chamber that he could remember; for, poor and shabby though his Lambeth lodging had been, it had at least been clean, and here all looked dirty and disorderly. At first the invalid's mind was too weak to arrive at any definite conclusion. He could only lie staring at the wretched chamber, with a vague wonder in his mind. He knew he had never before been in that room ; but for a time that was all he knew or sought to know. He was not terrified by its jeness. He did not recollect where he had last been, or what had happened to him. His mind was almost a blank. Then, little by little, memory came back, with all its power to torture. He remembered bis pretty bedchamber at Wilmingdon Hall— the perfume of flowers blowing in at the open window, the luxurious furniture, the comfort and beauty of all around him. Then the image of Julia Godwin arose before him in all the splendor of her beauty. Then a dark form pushed that brilliant image aside, and the face of the banker scowled at him with hate and fear in every lineament. It was the countenance that had so often looked down upon him in his delirium. It looked on him now, as it had looked then; and it recalled the memory of the crime that had been committed in the northern wing. Then the picture was complete. Lionel remembered all the past—the mystery which it had been his fate to discover; the secret which Providence had revealed to him; the evidence that had been link by link united into one perfect chain, identifying the Captain of the Lily Queen with the victim of Rupert Godwin. But where was he ? How had he been removed from the luxurious chamber which had been his to this dismal and poverty-stricken room, such as no gentleman's servant would have occupied without complaining bitterly of the master who allotted it to him ? He fancied that he must have been removed into We desolate and disused chamber in d Wilmingdon HalL He was in the north wing, h perhaps, in one of the bedchambers of that forgotten building, which ignorant people believed to be haunted by the shadows of the ^t was noon when Lionel Westford lay helpless in bis lonely chamber, with the anguish of consciousness, instead of the childish fancies of delirium. The sunlight streamed into the room through the narrow opening of a shutter which had been blown against the outside of the window. The window reached to the ground ; and the young man was still scrutinizing his apartment with curious eyes, when the shutter was blown back from the window, and the chamber, which had been only dimly lighted before, was suddenly exposed to the full glare of the mid day sun. Lionel Westford turned his gaze from the chamber itself to the prospect without. In all this time he had never once doubted that he was still an inmate of Wilmingdon Hall. He fancicd that he had only been removed to some remote and uninhabited part of the house, where his ravings could not be heard—where no prying ear could listen to the ominous words which might fall from his lips. He believed this, and he was not disabused of his error; for, by a strange coincidence, the scene which met his eyes beyond the window of bis room was not unlike the neglected garden which was to be seen from the windows of the northern wing. There all was xuin and desolation—overgrown shrubs, whose straggling branches were strangers to the gardener's pruuing-knife, long rank grass, ill-looking weeds, moss-grown gravel. Here was the same weeds, the same rank grass, blown to and fro by the autumn wind, the same weird tangled bushes, withering under the autumn sun. The northern garden at Wilmingdon Hall was shut in by an old brick wall; a noble mass of brickwork, with buttresses that might have served to sustain the ramparts of some mediaeval castle. Here too the wall loomed; dark and dismal-looking, against the blue autumn sky. " Yes," muttered Lionel Westford; " they have removed me to the northern wing. The murderer feared to hear himself denounced by the lips of his victim's son; and he has banished me here—here, where I may lie forgotten and neglected; here, where she may never know my fate! I only wonder that he has let me live; for he must know that, if I am ever able to leave this place, I shall devote the rest of my life to the task of bringing my father's assassin to justice." Then, as he put the story of the past to gether bit by bit, Lionel Westford remembered that he had entered Wilmingdon Hall under an assumed name. He did not think of his mother's letter, or his father's miniature—two things which bore direct evidence to his identity. " I am only a stranger to Rupert Godwin,' thought the young man, " unless in my delirium—for I suppose I have been delirious—I have revealed who I am, and my knowledge of his iniquity. Surely, if I had done so, he would have murdered me while I lay helpless in his power, as he murdered my father; and since I live, £ may be sure that I owe my life to his ignorance." For some time he lay too weak to move, gazing straight before him at the desolate garden, the neglected weeds waving drearily to and fro in the wind. " Strange," he thought, " very strange, that they should have banished me to the building within whose walls my father met bis fate." Then, with a faint thrill of that latent superstition which lurks in almost every breast, he remembered the ghastly stories he had heard about that northern wing—the shrouded form which had scared ignorant intruders, and sent them shrieking from that deserted edifice. He remembered all this now. He had smiled at the foolish stories when they were told him, and had laughed to scorn the servants' talk of ghosts and goblins; but now, weakened by his illness, prostrate, lonely, and wretched, Lionel thought very differently of the gloomy regions of which he fancied himself an inhabitant. As the dreary moments crept on, intolerably long while they left him in such miserable uncertainty with regard to his fate, the invalid's spirits sank lower and lower, and the agonizing tears of despair filled his eyes. Then a kind of superstitious horror took possession of him. His utter loneliness, the strange quiet of the place, oppressed him to an extreme degree. The thought of his father'* assassination became every moment more vivid, until he pictured the scene of horror in all i hideous detail. 0, God!" he exclaimed, bursting into „ flood of hysterical tears, "if Rupert Godwin does know who I am, it must have been by the instinct of a refined and hellish cruelty that he decided upon banishing me to this eserted building. If ever the dead yet t tho living, surely my father's shadow i will haunt me." The words had scarcely escaped his lips, the tears were still wet upon his cheeks, when a dark form suddenly came between him and the sunlight. A white death-like face looked in at him with a wan melancholy gaze. Lionel Westford lifted himself from the pillow, uttered a wild prolonged shriek, and then fell back unconscious. It was his father's face that had looked at him through the sunlit window—the face of the Captain of tho Li'.y Queen, the face that had smiled upon him in the days of his careless boyhood; but changed into the face of death. CHAPTER XLVL Rupert Godwin was too desperately circarnstauced, and too hardened a sinner, to be much affected by the revelation made by the Duke of Harlingford with regard tQ Esther Yauberg's identity with his deserted daughter. Are there human beings created without that attribute of the mind, that natural love and tenderness, pity and remorse, which wo blend into one general whole and call " a heart" ? It would seem so; it would seem as if there are some natures in which there is no such element as heart or conscience. These are the exceptional criminals whom men wonder at, and whose iniquities the merciful are apt to ascribe to mental disease. The banker had been struck by Esther Vanberg's likeness to the lovely Spanish Jewess whom his treachery had lured from the home of a doting father, a rich wine-merchant of Seville, who had toiled long and patiently in order to amass the fortune which was to secure the future welfare of his only child, Lola. The girl was engaged to be married to the cashier in the Seville bankinghouse belonging to the Godwin firm, when the young roue saw her, and at once determined to oust his inferior. Rupert Godwin was handsomer and more polished than liis employe. He was already a man of the world; the cashier was only an honest and devoted lover, eager to achieve a better position in life before lie claimed the heiress of old Isaac Mendez, While the young man worked at his bureau, the employer hung about the footsteps of the merchant's daughter, followed her to church and bull-fight, bribed her old nurse, flattered and fooled her doting father, and turned the poor girl's head by his impassioned pleading. The end came only too quickly—the hackneyed conclusion of the hackneyed story. Lola let herself quietly out of the paternal dwelling one starless, airless summer night, and left Seville under the protection of Rupert Godwin. They started at once for Paris, where Lola had been told the marriage would take place. There were reasons why it could not be performed at Seville. Mr. Godwin's father had formed plans of his own for his son's matrimonial settlement, and for a time the marriage would have to be kept secret. " There is no safer place than Paris," said Rupert; and Lola who had heard Paris talked of as a kind of earthly elysium, was quite ready to agree to this proposal. In Paris the banker lodged his divinity in one of the prettiest villas in the Champs Elysees, a bijou mansion built and decorated in the Moorish style, at a fabulous outlay, for a Muscovite prince lately deceased, and bought under the hammer by Mr. Godwin at about 10 per cent, of its original cost. In this luxurious nest Lola Mendez found herself a kind of fairy princess—flattered, beloved; but she never became the wife of Rupert Godwin, Rupert Godwin had thought it quite probable that the figurante might be his own daughter; but he had concerned himself no more about her fortunes in her lovely and reckless womanhood than he had done in her deserted girlhood. But when the Duke showed him the portrait of his victim, the proud man did feel the humiliation of his position. He winced beneath the cold contempt of the generous young patrician, for he was not without the plebeian's natural reverence for rank, and it was hard to be despised by a duke. He had sunk so very low now, that every new stroke wounded him to the quick. Hemmed in on every side by danger, a superstitious terror had taken possession of him, and he saw in every incident of his troubled life a new omen of ruin. His daughter's flight hod filled him with unspeakable fear. He had loved this girl with the bad man's selfish love, which sees in the beloved object only a source of pleasure or happiness to himself; still, he had loved her, and be felt her desertion deeply. But this was the least element in his trouble, Julia knew his guilty secret; she doubtless possessed the proof that in intention, if not in act, he was a poisoner. Would she betray him? Surely not willingly, But she might be seized by a fever, such as hat which had stricken Lionel Westford, and n her delirium she might utter the accusing words which would lead, perhaps, step by step, to the discovery of all his crimes. Ah, if the criminal could only foresee the agonies that follow the commission of crime, even when the torturing voice ot conscience is dumb; if he could calculate the labor, tho patience, the self-abnegation, the watchfulness which will be required of him during every hour of his ensuing existence, in which the one end and aim of his life will be to keep that secret,—surely the very selfishness which suggests the crime would restrain the hand of the criminal. The search for Julia had been, so far, made in vain. Advertisements had been inserted in the papers; inquiries had been made in every direction, but without avail. If she had read the appeals in those advertisements, Julia had been inexorable, for she had never answered them. But Julia had not read those advertisements. While private detectives were searching for her in every direction suggested by Rupert Godwin, the missing girl had fled to a neighborhood which the banker had never dreamt of suggesting. She had dressed herself, upon the morning of her flight, in some dark homely garments which she had been making for the poor ; and thus disguised, with an unfashionable straw bonnet, and a thick veil over her face, she had walked to Hertford in the dewy morning, while it was yet scarcely light. She had taken the first train for London, stepping quite unobserved into a second class carriage. From the station at King's Cross she had driven straight to Waterloo, going thence by express to Winchester. At the Winchester station she had taken a fly, which drove her to a quiet retreat in the New Forest. In her journey thither she had evidently a settled purpose, for her conduct from first to last had betrayed no hesitation as to whither she should go. Three or four days after the old clerk's visit to the lodging in tho Waterloo-road, Clara Westford received a letter in the handwriting which had been so familiar to her in her early girlhood, when the deformed schoolmaster had devoted himself to her education, inspired by a passion which had been the keynote of his life,—such a passion as Quasimodo felt for the beautiful dancing-girl—such a passion as in the breast of Quasimodo's master, the priest of Notre Dame, called itself fatality. The old clerk's letter was very brief :— " I told you I could atone in some measure for the wrong I ioflictcd upon you when I imagined your father's treatment of me was inspired by your express request. You shall see that I can make some amends for having thus suspected you of conduct which was foreign to your noble nature. If you will corae with your daughter to the bank parlor this day week, at twelve o'clock, you will receive my atonement; and at the same time you will, perhaps, experience the greatest and the happiest surprise that you have ever known ia the whole course of your life.—Your respectful and obedient JACOB DASIELSON. •' Tuesday morning.'' A surprise! An atonement! It was quite in vain that Clara Westford perused and reperused tho old clerk's letter in the hope of discovering something of its meaning. A surprise—a happy surprise—wrote Jacob Danielson. Alas, what happy surprise could there be for her, since her husband, the lover of her youth, the adored friend and companion of her womanhood, met liis fate at tho hands of an assassin 1 " Unless Jacob Danielson can bring the dead back to life, I know not what happiness he can give me," thought Clara mournfully. She was almost crushed down by the weight of her sorrows. They had come upon her, one after another, without even a brief interval of peace. Only a short time had elapsed since her daughter had been restored to her, and already a new grief was racking the mother's heart. Her son had never responded to that letter in which she had told him of her meeting with Gilbert Thornleigh—a letter which was of a nature to demand an immediate answer. Day after day she had expected the reply; but none had come—for the reader knows the cause of Lionel Westford's silence, and how little power he had to respond to that appalling communication. The mother wrote again and again imploring some answer to her anxious letters; but still the post brought no tidings of the beloved son. Mrs. Westford had no address, except the Hertford post office, to which she could direct her letters. She believed her son to be living in the town of Hertford, and she had imagined that forgetfulness alone had prevented bis sending her the address of the house in which he lived. But as time wore on, and still no answer came to her letters, Clara Westford felt that something must have happened to her son. Lionel was the last in the world to ncglect a mother's supplicating letters; he had always been the most attentive and devoted of sons. " My boy is ill," exclaimed Clara, when she found herself no longer able to keep her uneasiness hidden from Violet. " He must be dangerously ill," she cried ; " dying, perhaps; for if he were able to hold his pen, if he were able to dictate a letter, I am sure that he would not leave me in this state of suspense." On the day after she had received Jacob Danielson's letter, Mrs. Westford determined on going to Hertford. Her little stock of money was nearly exhausted; but she had just enough to pay the expenses of the journey, and she had no longer the grim visage of starvation frowning upon her darkly in the future, for Violet's mysterious good fortune had changed the worldly position of the widow and her daughter. " Do not despair, dearest mother," pleaded Violet; " even amidst all our bitter miseries, Providence has not wholly deserted us. What can be more providential than the chance by which I inherit a fortune from some mysterious benefactress, whose name I do not even know ? Depend upon it, dearest mother, the turning-point has come on the dark road, and in future our path will be smoother than it has been during the last year, even though we may have little sunshine to illumine our lives," murmured Violet sadly. She was thinking of George Stanmore, the lover whose fancied inconstancy was the settled sorrow of her life—a grief endured so patiently, a burden borne with such Christian resignation, that it had left no shadow on the calm loveliness of her pensive face. Her beauty was altered in character since the days when she had waudered, light-hearted as some wood-nymph, in the depths of the New Forest; but it was even more exquisite now in its pensive gravity of expression than it had been when radiant with tho smiles of careless girlhood. Mrs. Westford set out alone for Hertford. Violet had entreated to be allowed to accompany her mother, but Clara refused. " No, Violet," she said ; " Heaven only knows what I may have to go through. I may find my boy lying in his grave, buried by strangers who did not even know of his mother's existence. I may find him on a sick-bed: in that case I need not tell you that I shall remain with him. But, whatever may happen, I will telegraph to you, Violet, if I am detained." It was with a very heavy heart that Clara Westford started on that -journey. She seated herself in the corner of a second-class carriage, with her face hidden by a shabby crape veil; and she took little notice of her .fellow-passengers, or of the autumn landscape that spun past the open windows of the carriage. Her heart was oppressed by the anticipation of some calamity. The image of her beloved son, racked by sickness, or lying still in death, haunted her brain with a torturing persistence. The voices of her companions jarred upon her ears. It was so terrible to hear their careless laughter—their gay discussions of the pleasures awaiting them at the end of their journey —thair eager talk of business to be done, and money to be gained, at this or that markettown—their speculation and argumentation about the state of the crops in the country they were passing through—while before her there was only a blank horizon, darkened by tho shadow of a hideous fear. It seemed to her that her life and her sorrows must be exceptional in a world where people could be so busy and so free from care as all these fellowpassengers appeared to be. At last she reached her destination, and a sickness like death itself came over her as she told herself that she would soon learn the worst. She went at once to one of the porters, and inquired her way from the station to the post- office. Hero she fancied that her suspense would end. The people belonging to the office would be able to tell her the address of her son, and she would have nothing to do but to go straight to his lodging. But an unutterable despair took possession of her when the woman who answered her inquiries told her that she knew nothing whatever of the gentleman whose letters had been addressed to him under the name of Lionel Westford. " We have so many people call for letters," she said, " that it is quite impossible we can, remember them all." On looking into the pigeon-hole where the letters addressed under the initial " W." were deposited, the woman found three letters directed to Lionel Westford. Clara asked permission to look at them, and found that they were her own three letters of inquiry, written one after the other during the period of her alarm respecting Lionel. The woman returned them to the pigeonhole, as she could give them up to no one but the person to whom they were addressed. Mrs. Westford asked the postmistress if she remembered the gentleman who had been accustomed to call for letters bearing that address. Yes, the woman remembered him perfectly. 6 She had been struck with his good looks, bis affable manner. She remembered the last time he called. It was on a very bright afternoon, but she could not say exactly how long ago. Had he ever told her in what part of the town he lived ? No, he had been very reserved, though so pleasant-spoken. He had never said anything about himself. After this, Clara Westford wandered hope lessly about the town until long after dark, making inquiries in every direction where she thought there might be the smallest chance of obtaining a clue to Lionel's whereabouts. She went to a printseller's, to several bookseller's, to all the inns, even to humble little taverns in obscure by-streets and alleys, where poverty alone would seek a resting-place. But there was only one answer to lier inquiries. No one had heard the name of Westford—no one had met with any stranger from London answering to the description which Mrs. Westford gave of her son. It was ten o'clock when Clara returned to the railway station, disconsolate and brokenhearted. Fortunately for her, the last train had not yet left; and after waiting some time she took her place in one of the second- class carriages, and was conveyed back to London as ignorant of her son's whereabouts as she had been when she set out that morning to seek for him. Violet knew by her mother's face, the moment she looked at her, that no good tidings had greeted her at Hertford. She knelt by Mrs. Westford's side, removed the heavy black shawl from her shoulders with gentle, caressing hands, and tried by every means in her power to console the unhappy woman. " You have not found him, mother," she Baid. " I can see that by your face. But is it not better to be still uncertain of his fate than to know, perhaps, that we have lost him ? There is always hope where there is uncertainty. Ill news travels fast, youkuow, dearest. I am sure we should have heard if anything serious had happened to my brother. If he had been seized with illness, we should have been told of it. He must have had letters about him containing our address, and in such cases there is always some good Samaritan to summon a sick man's relations. Do you know, mamma, darling, I have an idea that the surprise alluded to in Mr. Danielson's letter must be something that concerns Lionel. Try to hope thatyourfearsare entirely groundless." With such a loving comforter, Clara Westford could not quite despair. At the worst, it was a relief not to have heard ill news of Lionel. He had left Hertford most likely. His letters had been intrusted to strangers, perhaps, to carry to the post, and had never been posted. And again, in spite of herself, Clara could not help feeling some confidence in the mysterious hints of the old clerk. A surprise, and a happy surprise, he had written. Ah! surely some great joy must be in store for her. She had suffered so much, that it was scarcely unreasonable she should expect some blessing at the hands of Provi- dence. " But they cannot give me back the dead," thought Clara. " I can only hope to go down to the grave in peace, with my children by my side. No power on earth can restore the lost, nor give me back the happy days in which my husband and I walked side by side in the dear old garden at the Grange." As she mused thus, the widow's thoughts went back to that happy time. She fancied herself once more leaning on her husband's arm—proud of him, and of his love; the happiest wife whose heart ever beat, faster at the sound of the husband's footstep. On the day which had been mentioned in the clerk's letter, Clara Westford and her daughter dressed themselves neatly in their mourning garments and walked into the city, Clara's mind had been much disturbed by the mysterious tenor of the old man's letter. That he should ask her to meet him in the m hank parlor was itself very extraordinary. C That room was the sanctuary of Rupert Godwin ; and the clerk must have unusual power if he could venture to make any appointment ot his own in that apartment. Bat the entire contents of the letter were a mystery to Clara, and she resolved in obeying the old clerk in blind confidence, siuce she was quite unable to penetrate his motives. His manner had impressed her with the perfect sincerity of his wish to serve her. Thus it was that she presented herself at the bank in Lombard-street at the appointed hour, accompanied by her daughter. The two ladies were Bhown at once into the pallor, where they found Rupert Godwin seated at the table, with Jacob Danielson standing at the back of Ins chair. (To be continued.) A MABBIED member of the Municipal Council of Amiens has been extensively forging the notes of the Bank ot France. 