AUNT 'GINDA'S RANCH. I There was plenty o! game in the neigh bourhood of Aunt 'Cinda's Ranch, as we had j been told ; but our informant neglected to j state that it was also one of the dreariest places on earth. Far as the eye could reach in every direction lay only prairie, prairie, prairie — treeless, with short, trivial grass, and over the face of it all, that indescribable? tawny blur, peculiar to the outlying Kansas plains. The little level river in front of the ranch had no banks, and flowed sluggishly ; the ranch itself was a four-roomed cabin of melancholy adobe, flanked by a stone corral, in which were awkward racks and troughs for horses. The interest and excitement of oar chases after anteloDes. iack-rabbits. and occasionally a wandering buffalo, served to kill time for I us during the day, font when evening came, 1 and we returned to the ranch, tired out and 1 thinking of home, the sense of exile became almost painful. The fact that the ranch was a stage station, where a brief halt was made for supper, alone redeemed it from utter desq j lation, for this gave us our sole glimpses of | the distant world, in the faces and conversa tion of the passengers, with now and then a stray newspaper. We used to stand watch ing the slow and gorgeous snnsets with a j pretty pretence of admiration, when, in reality, ! our thoughts were bent upon catching sight of the fhst curl of dust that should denote the approaching stage. The passengers were not always either attractive or communi cative, but all the same we bailed them warmly; and when they left, the horizon seemed swiftly to widen, and the stars to creep farther upward in tlie high, inhospit able sky. It was at such empty times that we turned forlornly to our associates of the ranch — to the landlady, AuntCinda McMillan, and the swarthy Mexican and his wife, who were m his service. The resource was an unprofit able one at first ; but gradually we found Annt 'Cinda to be a character worth knowing, and yo"u may be sure we left no artifice un- 1 tried to win from her all she had to tell. She 1 was robust, strong- featured, and about forty- J five years old ; there were streaks of grey in i her heavy black hair, a few wrinkles | in her cheeks ; her eyes had an alert I and seeking look, such as you see in J the eyes of persons who live much alone. Sometimes, when she grew animated, and a j fleeting smile came to her aid, we could be- I lieve that in her girlish days she had lacked J little — say merely a change of mouth— to make her pretty. But it was her story, and not j herself, that mainly held our attention and j encouraged our enquiries ; indeed, she usually j appeared, when recounting the strange inci- j dents of her history, to be talking of someone J else, so free from vanity was she, and so' can- did. She had been reared, we learned, in the Boon's Lick country, in Missouri, and there had Aaron M'Millan known and wooed her. j The memory of her courtship was very vivid to her, and she dwelt upon it with lingering fondness. 4 Aaron wasn't the purtiest man in 1 the world, by long odds,' she would say ; hfe nroa orl onrl Vifir? Kparfl. TT cvo MUM " — - — J I and freckles ; but he was jest as good as ever they make 'em. I disremember how 'twas that he fust begun keepin' company with me. Ther' was likelier gals than me in the settle ment : Lucy Walker, for one, that sung alto and played onto the melodion; and Samanthy Pettis, that had money in her own right, an' sech little taperin' feet, an' she'd like to show 'em, too. But Aaron and me, we both tuk a shine t' each other, an' he didn't 'pear 's if he keered a button for any o' the balance of 'em. 44 'Cindy," he used to say, 14 some gals is party an' high-steppin', an' some is handy about ! bakin' an' weavin' an' sech, an' some is peart in 1'arnin' ; but it's the average as counts, 'Cindy." I'll never forgit that, not if I live a thousan' years. 44 It's the average as counts" ; I can a'most hear him sayin' that now. He used to come to see me every other Sunday, rain or shine, an' when the' was a moon, he'd take me to meetin', over to the Chapel, four mile away. The Campbellites and Methodis' used to have union meetin's there, an' revivals, an' shoutin'. Aaron's folks was Campbellites, and' he leant that way, an' mine was Baptis'. But we didn't never argy about religion. Bless you, no.' Then she would detail to us, bit by bit, the current of their closer talk together, as they rode homeward from church, or sat upon the porch behind the morning- glories. , It could hardly be called love-making; Aunt 'Cinda herself termed it 4 sparkin',' and even that bounded too hectic for an intercourse that had in it apparently so little of passion — so small a chance of heart- break. Bat perhaps beneath that calm surface, beyond grasp of expression, had throbbed a wealth of reverent and tender preference that was worth everything else in fife — these simple, undemonstrative natures go frequently shame the best of love's examples with their unguessed and quiet power. Cer tainly this humble woman, no longer young, and living over again that far-off dream, still kept her faith and made a royal comfort of it. And yet, so far as we could ascertaiu, her matter-of-fact Aaron had but once in all their courtship ventured to kiss her. 4 I'll never forget it, not to my dying day,' she said. 1 It was of a Sunday night, the last Sunday in September, out by the gate, as he was goin' away. We'd- been a-talkin' of things as furrin ae could be to sparkin', an' all of a sudden, like's as if he'd been possessed, he put his face close to mine, and — I declare to gracious, I couldn't 'a' been worse su'prised if he'd 'a' hit me. 44 Land sakes, Aaron !" I screamed. An' the next minute I snickered right out. I couldn't help it for seeing how flustered he was, and kind o' ondecided. I vow, I b lieve he thought he'd miffed me. But he hadn t. Lordy, lordy it comes back to me jest like 'twas only yisterday.' Then she dropped her head, and her fingers twitched at her apron, as she added, in a de precating tone : 4 You 'uns '11 think I'm soft, I expect ; but I can't help it. I can't forget some things.' The tears in her eyes said as much, and more. They Were married in time, we came to know, and went to housekeeping; but they were poor ; they had to rent land ;" bad luck followed their planting, and finally, Aaron determined to go west with the Santa . F6 freighters, many of whom, once as poor as himself, had been known to return from that f' ->5 T ' mysterious region with money enough to buy well-improved farms in the Boone's Lick . country. 4 1 didn't cgoss him about it,' said Aunt 'Oinda ; 'he was allers dreadful sot in his ways, an' couldn't be coaxed ag'in' the grain. That was his weak spot ; everybody has one, you know: It was a'most too much I for me to see him start off on sech a journey, j but I made myself think it would turn out for J the best ; an' I knowed he'd come back.' J Two years passed, however, and he did not j return, nor did she hear aught from him, ex- I cept that he had duly reached Santa Fe. A 1 third year, almost, dragged away without sight or tidings of him ; and then she re- l solved to move out into Kansas, along the route he had taken— 4 sq's to be nigher to him,' she told us, 4 an' meet him as he come 1 home.' And so she had been pushing on from place to place, through hardship and I ilonrroi Iitt fVin fvn il o rtHAeo fVi a nlfllna until now she could see,- on a clear day, the ontlineB of the mountains that she knew he must pass ever on his way eastward. She had supported herself by cooking and wash- | ing for the freighters, and caring for the sick j who fell in her way, and at length had con- j trived, after years of 4 scrimpin' an' dicker- in',' as she described it, to secure this isolated ranch, where she dispensed hot meals at a dollar each, including soda biscuits and the accompaniment of a real tablecloth. And here she waited, watchful and patient, for -the truant husband. He's sure to come,' she -would say, 4 and I can't miss him ; 'twoutdn't Lsu'prise me to have him diop in anyday.' J She scanned the faces of the alighting passen- I gers from the stage every evening with habitual eagerness, and yet a trifle timidly, as if doubtful about the kind of reception he would give her ; indeed, she said once : 4 1 j dunno but it'll rile 'im to meet up with me so 1 suddent away out here, an' him a-thinkin' I I'm in Missouri ; maybe, I hadn't orter 'a' come.' Every day some special dish was I cooked as he had been wont to prefer it ; the best bed, in a room by itself, was kept always vacant for him ; regularly, each afternoon, she would unloose her abundant hair and gather it into a long, thick braid, after the obsolete fashion of her girlhood, and tie it with a scrap of ribbon — because 4 Aaron liked it better that way.' The fact that she had received but one letter from him in all the long years did not seem so unaccountable after she informed us that, owing to early neglect, he was 4 on- handy with a pen,' and generally had his writing done by proxy. In strict truth, he probably could not write a word. 4 But he knows figgers jest as nat'ral as kin be,' Bhe hastened to plead for him, 4 an' I never seed the steer or hog 'at he couldn't guess the heft of nigh onto a few pound ; an' nobody could beat 'im a-cipherin' out corn in the crib.' She refused also to eonfess a moment's un easiness as to his personal safety ; both his absence and' his silence failed to disconcert her. 4 He kin take keer of hisself any- | wheres,' she declared, with evident pride, j 4 an' if he's done got hurt or made way with, I I'd have some warnin' of it, in a dream or somethin'. But I aint bad's much as a sign in the coffee-groun's to make me afeard. Of course, he'll come back. What in the world would he stay away for?' I T4 tTTAfi ennU ntran XV IT QO ltliv W lUSfUVC DUvU IIIUOV) v vii silently. Not only that, it was impossible to avoid sharing it, and soon it became as much our habit as it was hers, to look from day to day for the coming of the absent husband. So minutely did she talk of kim that we be lieved we should recognise him at sight ; in fact, we felt so sure of this, and expectation came to be so fidgety with us, that often, when the weather was fair, we would stroll out for miles on our ponies to meet the stage and get an earlier glance the occupants, hoping thus to spy Aaron, and gallop back to Aunt 'Cinda with the good news of his ap proach. Such was our thought, our talk, as 1 we cantered leisurely along the trail one quiet evening, and, rounding a curve, came meeting a single queer, covered wagon, drawn by oxen, and creaking piteously. Inside the vehicle lay a man, with pallid face and long, strag gling whiskers, who raised himself on his elbow to salute us, and then sank down again j with an expression of pain ; near his side j slept a baby; the wife and mother sat in I front, on a tilting seat guiding 4 the critters' with a well-worn Mexican goad. It was a novel sight, and provoked at once both curiosity and sympathy. We forget about j the stage, we forgot about Aaron ; and when the baby awoke presently, and put its tiny fists to its cbeeks and gazed at us in shy, de bating wonder — as if trying to identify us with something seen in its just- vanished .dream, — we almost ceased to realise the I great, far-strecthing and empty periphery of 1 desert, a child was such a godsend there. 4 Yes,' said the woman, as we wheeled about, and rode beside the wagon, with our ponies reined in to suit the slow gait of the oxen, 4 Yes, I think she's a toler'ble nice baby, myself. We call her Cutie, but her name's Adeline, same's mine. He named her' — indicating the pale and silent father, whose thin fingers clutched the child's frock protectingly. 4 Has your husband been sick long ?' 4 More'n a month,' the man answered. 4 But I'm pickin' up now. I ain't nigh so porely as I was back in the valley. If I could only get shet o' these rheumatiz, I'd be all right. It's the rheumatiz more'n any thing else.' 4 It's the mount'n fever,' remarked the woman, in a kindly whisper; and then, speaking aloud and cheerily, 4 Yes, he's doin' splendid now,' she continued, 4 an don't need nothin' but to keep quiet, 'less it mought be wild cherry hitters, if we haid 'em. W'y, two weeks ago, he was jest plain skin and bones. His own mother wouldn't a' knowed him.' 4 1 seed my shadder on the grass one day,' the man called out, with a grim chuckle, 4 an' it skeert me. He did not speak again, except in an under tone to the restless child, during the hour or more that we plodded along together ; but the woman was talkative, and we gleaned from her, by easy degrees, that they had been living in New Mexico, and were now on their way back 4 to God's country,' east of the plains, 4 everlastin'ly put out,' as she expressed it, 4 with the greasers, an' their lazy, triflin', good-for-nothin' ways.' She had lost one husband there, 4ehot by the sneakin' Apaches,' and married another, and there Cutie had been born ; and they milked goats there, and tied pigs to stakes, and had no society, and no rain ; and so on and so on. 4 It's jest too ornery to talk about,' she exclaimed, and then went on talking About it faster than ever ; and only our arrival at the ranch cut short her fluent and sneering disclosures. At sight of us, Aunt 'Cinda came hurrying forward. 4 For pity's sake !' she said, and waited to be told what it all meant. " We re peated briefly what facts we had gathered concerning the travellers, not omitting the baby, and laying some stress upon the man's illness. 4 A sick man ?' answered Aunt 'Cinda. 4 Fetch him right in. An' the baby, too, an' the woman — all of 'em,' she insisted, and turned to lead the way, murmuring to herself, in a pleased manner, 4 Goodness gracious, a baby !' . The sick man rose with a sudden effort, and sat upright. The dusk had thickened, and flm efora tuovo riltfk on/) fV»A <nn4-L 4-++. VUO ?¥ tJLO wuu uuc jjavu UU the door of the cabin, along which he cast a yearning look, was beginning to lose itself in the proximate and dusty sage- brush. 4 1 guess Fd better stay in the waggon,' he observed ; 4the'U be too many of us.' And then, glancing skyward, 4 It's a-goin to be a purty night,' he added, and dropped back U£>on his pallet. Aunt 'Cinda hesitated, listened, faced about, and slowly returned. The mother had just climbed dbwn from her uncertain seat, "and .was holding the baby in her arms while she clumsily adjusted her skirts. With a solicit ing gesture, but without speaking, Aunt 'Cinda took the child, and, stepping aside, turned its little surprised face to the stars and gazed upon it fixedly — wishing it were hers, we imagined. 4 You cunnin' little darlin'.' she said, directly, and handed it back In the same peculiar impulsive manner. Then she moved forward a few short paces, and stood, with bowed head, very close to the waggon. The sick man must have heard her, for imme diately, almost, he was sitting up again, leaning out over the waggon-side. Her face. as she lifted it, touched his ; there was a fluttering instant's pause ; she grasped his hand : 4 If you ain't Aaron M'Millan, you're his ghost !' We hastened to them. She had an arm about his neck now, and his head was upon her shoulder. In the starlight, he looked to besleeping. s Don't yoq. know me, Aaron ?' she said, fervently ; i oh, don't you know me ?' The man opened his eyes with a curious start, and regarded her a minute like one amazed : 'They told me — you was dead — 'Cindy.' He spoke slowly, in a choked and wavering tone, and made a motion as if to lie down again. 4 But I ain't dead, Aaron,' urged Aunt 'Cinda, tightening her hold upon him, and stroking his temples : 4 1 ain't dead, don't you see ? I'm right here by you, an' a-holdin your ban'. I come away out here to meet you, Aaron. Ain't you glad to see me ? It's been so long. Don't be mad at me, Aaron, dorit. I couldn't stan' it to stay there, wher' ev'ry step I took I got lonesomer an' lone- somer, an' it 'peared to me 's if you got furder and furder off. But I knowed you'd come back ; and sometimes, Aaron, sometimes ' i cii. I) i. _ x - j : i-i- )DIUP) vluu j j BvUp » H6 lCHCx pOto"vl| WvlrU startling abruptness. 4 You don't know what a fik I'm in.' But she did know — had we not told her, could she not see ? — that he was very ill, and weak, and neivous ; and he seemed to guess her thought, for in the next breath he said, 4 1 don't mean the sickness ;' and then, point ing a finger in the direction of the mother and child, he added : 4 That's my baby yender, 'Cindy.' He waited for her to reply ; he looked up into her face imploringly ; but she said not a word. Surely she had heard liim ; did she not understand ? He waited a moment longer. Then he glanced again at her face, again pointed to the mother and child, and suddenly, with woe-begone but blunc and cruel force, exclaimed ; 4 'Cindy, I — I've — got another wife !' She did not scream, poor woman, nor faint nor stir. The voice of the child broke the stillness, at length, with a quick, impatient call, like the chirp of a hungry bird. And then Aunt 'Cinda carefully released her arm from about his neck, and turned her bead away, and hid her face with her hands, and sobbed : 4 Oh, Aaron, Aaron, Aaron !' The sight was not one for strange or ac cidental eyes, and we retired, my companion and I, to a respectful distance. What more was said, we could not know ; but they con versed there together for several minutes, the three of them — not angrily nor loudly, but very earnestly— and two or three times we de tected the shrill voice of the child's mother above the others, as if in special entreaty. Our hearts involuntarilv went out to Aunt 'Cinda ; and yet there was the shrinking mother with her baby; and there was the sorely beset and helpless Aaron, also. The stars glittered sharply, but coldly; the ad vancing night made the landscape sinister and spectral. We did not notice the sick man get out of the wagon' ; but presently he came moving toward us. On either side of him walked one of the women, supporting him— and Aunt 'Cinda carried the child. It was a grbup that Millet would have liked to paint : it seemed a blended part of the gro tesque and fluctuating shadows. Their talk had ceased. Their thoughts we could not catch, of course. But as they drew nigh us, they halted ; and in an anxiots, coaxing tone, Aaron said : 4 Remember, though, that one or t'other of you must go on with me to-morrow.' The women gave their assent, we inferred, for he added, as if in answer, 4 That's bracin'.' Then they resumed their way, in silence again, and slowly ; and looking after them, we saw them reach the cabin and enter at the open uuor — just as tne stage came ratuiug hour late, crowded with passengers. The supper was delayed that night, hut its quality made ample amends. We had never before seen Aunt 'Cinda's table so inyitiugly spread, particularly as to, canned fruits and unsuspected tumbers of jelly and preserves ; and there was buttered toast, too, and lumps of old-time loaf-sugar for the coffee. One guest said the feast was good enough for a | wedding — at which Aunt 'Cinda coloured, and ! sighed forlornly, and yet they all laughed. Ah, they did not guess how that suggestive ! word wounded her ! But Aaron was not to be seen, nor the woman with the baby ; they had eaten by themselves, before ' we were called, as was proper, and were waiting for 1 Annt 'Cinda in 4 the extry room,' as she had named it, the room so long sacredly kept for Aaron's coming. And so the merriment around the table went on unchecked. The guests were blameless, to be sure; nevertheless, their jokes and laughter were exasperating ; their very presence had the effect cf an intrusion. We felt a supreme relief, I know, when it was over at last, and the stage had departed, and the secret was safe ; and then we ventured to inquire after the sick man, and to tender our services, should he need or desire them. 4 He's weaker'n he lets on,' Aunt 'Oinda in formed us, 4 an' he don't 'pear to have no appetite. I felt so sorry for him, a-tryin' so hard to eat when he couldn't. It was sech a nice supper, he said, I could 'a' cried to see him a-lookin' so wishin' at them pickled tomatuses — like I used to make 'em back y irr a i i a _i yuiiuer. ne zs Aaron, you Know ; ana sue turned from us, rather abruptly, we thought, and left the room. We lit our pipes, and sauntered out to look after our ponies. It had grown much darker. We conld not see the shallow, crawling river. The waggon still stood by the road-side, the loosed cover flapping like some great fateful wing ; the oxen were grazing contentedly a few rods away. From the far-off mystery of space and vagueness, came an echo of a coyote's spiteful challenge. The daily yellow of the stone corral was subdued to the tone of ancient and crumbling ruins ; for a moment we felt as if we ought to find moss and vines there. Our ponies lay reclined upon the trodden feeding- ground, and did not so much as prick up an ear when we talked to them and patted them, with accustomed familiarity. In vain we tried to chat of plea sant things, of other scenes. The solitude would not be disturbed; and somehow the smoke from our pipes, instead of floating up ward, was wafted back into onr faces, and confused our sight. When we returned to the cabin, finallv. we were surprised, though not displeased, to learn that Aaron was to share our sleeping- room. They had kindled a blaze for him in the big fire-place, and made him a generous conch of blankets, clean and white with astonishing sheets and pillow-slips that were full of deep creases, and must have been a long time folded. That bed looked more like home than anything we had seen for months, albeit there was no bedstead. He evidently felt out of place and embarrassed in it ; he would have rested better, we fancied, had they given him less of softness and dainti ness, and brought him his frontiersman's saddle, with the sheepskin top for a pillow ; a droll hint of the kind came over his aee, and gave it a downcast expression. We aimed to avoid conversa tion with him, knowing how fatigued, un strung, and in need of sleep he was ; but he talked in spite of us, and regardless whether we responded or not. Indeed, he seemed mor bidly resolute to tell ns of himself and his affairs — not as one reaching out for pity, but rather as one offering an explanation. 4 1 was a fool,' he said frankly, 4 but I meant rightly, an' what a man paeans ort 'o be sot down for him. It wasn't my fault 'at I didn't git along down ther' among the greasers. Luck was ag'in' me from the very jump. T nvad vrtTrrftl f if mow Via if TTTQ D11 'f uUiUcv&uiCQ; JL axcu mj IJ. Luaj uo jlu naou v a jedgment onto me ; an' may be it was — may be it was. I was crazy to git rich, you un derstand.' And he paused to indulge a mock ing smile. 4 But I meant all the time to go back,' he continued, 4 only I wanted to git ahead first. It would 'a' groun' me in an inch o' my life to 'a' had 'em a naggin' me all over Boone's Lick about comin' home dead broke after all my fine talk about gittin' rich. So I jist bel' on, an' kep' a-sayin' to myself, "Ole man, play your han' out, trumps or no trumps." Did I think much about 'Cindy? Well, I rather calkilate my head was full of her. That was the pizenest part of it.' He hesitated a moment, reflectively, and then, 4 She don't know how much I hankered for her,' he said, under his breath. 4 I'll never git done despisin' myself, though,' lie resumed, 4 for not sendin' letters to her. But I wasn't a- doin' a bit o' good, an' I thought what was the use o' worryin' her? I'd orter 'a' sent the letters anyhow; it would 'a' been money in my pocket. I was a-reckonin' I mought start back any day, a'most. An' -I did go back jest as soon's ever I got heeled. It was a wood contract, out to the fort, 'at sot me up ; it letched me a round thousan' dollars. I didn't stop to send no letter nor nothin' to 'Cindy then. I jest nat'rally got up and got. A company o' cavalry was goin' across to Fort -Smith — on t'ocher trail, yon understand — ran' I went with 'em, an' saved a week by it. An' when I struck Boone's Lick, whar' was 'Cindy? Sot out for Kansas five year' ago that harvest, they told me, 'lowing to come back afore cold weatner — an sue a never oeen neern ten uj. sence.' He went on to relate, with moving artless- ness, how he searched for her, all over the settled portions of Kansas and through the border counties of Missouri, making inquiry at every house he passed, of every person he met, without once reaching the faintest clue to her whereabouts. 4 1 was clean beat,' lie declared. 4 1 couldn't make it out. It was like 's if I was lost on a prairie, of a dark night, in the snow. She must be dead, they said.' This last sentence was uttered in a solemn, tremulous tone, as if, after all, he still half- believed she was in her grave. It did not take him long to tell the rest : how he returned to New Mexico — 4 out o' con ceit with ev'rything,' as he phrased it — and married a second wife, and had the baby born to him, and tried farming a bit, and herded cattle 4 along 'ith the greasers,' and fell into a lingering illness, and at last resolved to gather Kis few remaining effects together, and go 1 -.1- W _ r t Ama y\M f 'Afll/IW rtP Doblv llklU ffl.locOUri UgdiXU v/ut3 Ui or vWiOi v/x f 'em will go on with me In the mornin',' he said, in an absent and weary way, and then was silent. We remained sitting by his bedside fully an hour ; we feared he might awake and feel hurt at not finding someone to talk to. But he slept on so quietly and resifhlly that it seemed useless to wait any longer, and we retired. Our hunk was but across the room from his, and we could easily hear if he called, we said to ourselves, and we would be up very early. It was then ten o'clock. The fire had dwindled to a handful of waning coals. We tucked our blankets closely about us, and dreamed of home. hTT iT>rnnriTipnrT»ici"<Wf »in — »t rm mmrrr' juj j All at once— it might have been but a . | minute afterward, for all we knew; in reality j it was almost daylight— we were aroused by ; sliufilng feet and an intense whispering. We leaped out of bed, with revolvers drawn and cocked. A single glance revealed the situa tion. There were the two women bending over Aaron with, a bottle and spoons, and a cup of water, and a camphorised handker chief ; and he was moaning and tossing with agony. He had grown desperately worse during the night, and his complaining had not disturbed us. But Aunt 'Cinda had heard him, in the next room ; perhaps she was awake and listening. She looked up, white and appealing, before we could speak ; we understood only too well what phn thought. Adeline chafed the poor fellow's chill hand vigorously, and did not heed us. After a time, with such scant relief as we couia give mm, ne became quiet (except for his heavy and laboured breathing), and we watched him keenly, hoping he would sleep again. But shortly he was convulsed with recurring pain, and called for water. Aunt 'Cinda put the cup to his mouth. His eyes met hers ; and he said to her, in a strange, relinquishing voice : 4 They told me you was dead, 'Cindy.' Then his cramped limbs relaxed, and he lay still, and we thought he breathed with less difficulty. When he moved again, presently, it was to put out his hand in doubtful groping. 4 Poor Adeline !' he said. We drew nearer, on our knees, like persons at prayer. His quivering lips shaped a few words more : 4 Be good,' we heard him weakly mutter, 4 be good— to the baby.' The room became momently lighter ; the last of the shadows that had lurked all night in the corners vanished one by one ; a crimson flush slowly overspread the window. The sun was rising. He had gone on — alone — in the morning. — Scribner's Magazine. 