[?] Cricket. CRICKET NOTES. Br Squabelbq. After a good contest, in which the interest was well sustained up to the end of the third day, the match between the Australian team anda oombinedeleven of New South Wales and Victoria came to a conclusion on Tuesday week, result ing in the defeat of the former by 216 runs. Estimating the strength of the Australian Eleven by the fact that they had been playing together for several months in England, and were just fresh from a series of suc cessful matches in Kew Zealand, a general opinion existed that they would prove sufficiently good all round to dispose of their opponents with a fair margin of wickets or runs to spare ; but the Combined Team played so well together and exhibited such excellent form all through that they proved themselves superior at all points of the game except wicket- keeping, and even in this depart ment it cannot be denied that Elliott, consideringall things, was not very far behind Blackham in point of merit. Every competent judge of the game knew well enough that when the Australian Eleven was formed it did not represent the real strength of colonial cricket by a long way, as a com parison of the two teams who recently tried conclusions will pretty clearly prove. Taking the batting power of the Australian team, it may at once be conceded that Murdoch is par excellence still the premier batsman of the colonies, and has not fallen away in any respect. Then we have A. Bannerman and Percy M'Donnell. who also hold a very high position in the same department ; but after naming these three players there is no batsman in the team who would have deserved a place, presuming that 10 members of the players who represented the two colonies had been able and willing to goto England. Jarvis, who represents South Australia, is a sterling bats man who deserved the honour of appearing for his colony ; but where would Alexander, Eoyle, Groube, and Slight be alongside of such men as Massie, C. Bannerman, Ho ran, \ and D. Gregory ? The first-named quartette showed any- ! thing but good batting form in the recent contest, and it was ] evident that their skill was not sufficiently good to enable | them to cope with the bowling, while the four members of j the Combined Team named, by their excellent and steady defence, completely killed Spofforth and Palmer, two of the best bowlers in Australia. Then, coming to a comparison I of bowling, it must be conceded that, although the result of one match must not be taken as cendusive, there was suffi cient to justify an assumption that the difference between the two teams in this department of the game was very small indeed, and the Australian! team could not claim any great preponderance of ability, Spofforth, no doubt, bowled well throughout the match, and it was perhaps natural that such a great trundler, returning to Svdney flushed with his successes in Maoriland, should have resented the punish ment administered to him by Massie as a piece of extra ordinary presumption on the part of the latter; but the fact remains that his bowling was knocked all to pieces, not only by Massie, but by other batsmen. This is not a very remarkable circumstance in Spofforth's career in this colony, and to my mind he cannot claim very great superiority over Evans, especially where the weather is fine and the wickets are in good order; but, bracketing these two together, we come to Palmer, Boyle, and Alexander on the one hand, and Midwinter, Garrett, and M' Shane on the other ; and will any unprejudiced person contend that the first trio gain much by a comparison with the other three P The bowling of the Combined Team pioved too much for the Australian Eleven throughout the match ; but I believe that the true reason why the latter were compelled to accept a crushing defeat was that the combination of batting was too strong for them. Cooper was the only weak man in the Combined Team; and if Allan, ' the bowler of a century,' had taken his place, the Austra lian Eleven would not have had a ghost of a chance from the very first. Massie's performance in his first innings was a brilliant one, and his admir able defence and clean hitting proved what a grand game he can play if he chooses. He seemed to play die most difficult bowling with ease, and as far as scoring was concerned he appeared indifferent whether the bowling was on or off the wicket. In the second innings his batting was far more risky, and as he played in a very bad light it is a wonder that he lasted so long. Bannerman also placed a splendid innings on the first day, exhibiting a most obstinate defence, and he shares with MaBsie the honour of taking the sting out of the opposing bowling. D. Gre gory, Garrett, and Evans performed well with the hat; but, strange to say, the Victorian contingent cut up very badly, and contributed less than 20 runs between them. In the second innings, however, nearly every player in the Combined Team made a determined stand, and honours were equally divided between the repre sentatives of the two colonies; and Midwinter, Horan, Edwards, M'Shane, and Elliott fully made up for their former want of success. The Australian team strained every nerve to keep down the score, but the batting was too strong for them, and when they commenced their second innings on the afternoon of the third day it was felt that the team were too hopelessly in the rear to pull up. It was believed, however, that they would be able to make a gallant fight for victory, as they did in the memorable match on Kennington Oval against All England. The stand made by Murdoch . and A. Bannerman on Wednesday afternoon justified such an anticipation, but when they were separated it soon be came evident that the remaining batsmen had not the necessary ability to bring up die score even to a decent figure. Tuesday morning looked very unpromising for the resumption of tbe match, as a thunderstorm passed over the city and several showers fell. The weather, how ever, soon cleared, and the Australian Eleven re- . sumed their innings on wickets which, though damp, had not suffered to any appreciable extent. There ! was still a good opening for the Australian Eleven to die j hard, but they were not equal to the occasion ; and when a I terrific storm drove the players to seek shelter shortly before the luncheon hour, seven wickets had fallen for con siderably less than 100 runs. . I mention this particularly because an attempt has been made to show that the sudden change in the weather destroyed any chance the Australian team bad of making the contest a close one, when, as a matter of fact, they were hopelessly beaten at 1 o'clock. The team migLt have added another SO runs if the rain had held off, but this is very doubtful, and even if they had, the defeat would still have been an emphatic one. Tlie balance of i good fortune was said to have been on the side of the Com bined Eleven, but this had very little to do with the result. The true explanation is as I said before — that the best team j won : and I fiimly believe that the same combination would , beat the present Australian team two matches out of every : three. I or a team that had been together in practice for only I a few days, it was remarkable how well the representatives | of the two colonies worked in the field, and their perform - ! ances in this department of the game formed one of tha features of the match. Elliott, too, was uniformly good behind the wicket, and he had plenty of work to do. ; Evans, Midwinter, and M'Shane bowled excellently through ' out, and tbe latter, on the last day of the match, completely ' nonplussed the batsmen who liad to face him, and his t rundling on the wet wickets contributed much to the speedy downfall of the Australian Eleven. The interest taken in lhe match at the outset was unusually limited, owing, no doubt, to want of proper management ; but as soon as the probability of the contest being a good one became apparent , the public patronized the Association Ground liberally, and on the second day the attendance was one of the largest I have ever seen within a cricket enclosure. On Monday, too, the ground was comfortably filled, but onlj[ two or three hundred persons were present on the following day, when the match was completed. That the Australian team were to some extent unpopular cannot be denied, but for this they have only themselves to blame. Their first i tep in alienating public sympathy was by declining to play n the intercolonial matches, and the feeling of antagonism, not only on the part of the spectators, but the Combined Eleven also, was, I am sorry to say, most marked. The 'grab-all' policy of the Australian Eleven was too apparent, and a little more liberality in management would have lessened their unpopularity in some degree. As to the want of generosity attributed to Murdoch in regard to rolling the wickets, I don't think he deserved the censure to which he was subjected, simply because he was anxious to win the match and had a perfect right to act up to the strict letter of the law if he chose to do so. I also entirely disagree with the action of the ground 'committee in declining to dine with tho Australian team, and the course taken was more ridiculous than dignified. The Australian team netted a very hand some sum out of the match, and the percentage which went to the Association must have been considerable. The Australian Eleven, immediately after the match in Sydney, went up to Newcastle, where they met 22 of tha Northern district, and were once more badly beaten. They plaved without Palmer and Alexander, but had the assistance of Jones, of the UniversitVi and A. L. Park, who, however, were not guilty of any brilliant achievement. The Eleven, while I write, are engaged in a match with 22 of Ballarat, who, judging from the figures at present to hand, are likely to have the best of it at the finish. A two days' match, between the Carlton and Albert cluba, was commenced on Saturday afternoon, and promises to be a very close contest. The former team were fortunate in winning the toss, and, being strong iu batting, ran up the long score of 216. Davis played especially well, ana has evidently come back into his old form. Geary, too , played an ad mirable innings, and carried his bat out. The Alberts had only half-an-hour's play, but in that lime Massie aud A. Gregory put between 40 and 60 runs together, and were both not out when the stumps were drawn. Massie, however, gave an easy chance, but was let off. The match will be resumed on Saturday afternoon. Albekts v. Cakltons. — A two-days' match was commenced on Saturday between the first Elevens of the above clubs on the Association Ground. The weather was beautifully fine for cricket, but there were very few persons present to witness the contest, owing probably to the fact that other attractions existed elsewhere. The respective captains were — D. Gregory (Alberts), and Geaty (Carltons) ; and the latter winning the toBS elected to send h£s team in first. The innings opened badly, and C. Bannerman and H. Hall, two of the best batsmen 'in the team, did not stop long at the wickets ; but, with the exception of Tooher, Bnscoe, and Hall, the other batsmen scored freely ; and, when the last wicket fell, 216 runs had been put together. Of this amount, Geary played a good not-out innings for 41 ; but the innings of the afternoon was decidedly that of Davis, who made 41 in his best form. Massie and A. Gregory were Bent in to open the innings of the Alberts. Both batsmenhit freely, and when thestumps were drawn 43 runs had been scored without the loss of a wicket. Massie, however, was very nearly stumped at the commencement of his innings, and subsequently gave an easy catch at cover point, which was missed by M'Crea. A cricket match was played on Saturday last between the Pyrmont Excelsior and Windsor clubs, on thelatter's ground, and resulted in a victory for the Excelsiors by 10 runs, tho scores being 70 and 60 respectively. The batting of Pride 24, Williams 13, and M'Queen 10, for the winners, and S» Durn 20, and H. Dunn 18 for the losers, was very good ; also the bowling of M'Dougall and Williams for the winners, and that of M'Dowall for the losers was very effective. Osborne v. First Stanmore.— These clubs met on Saturday last at Stanmore, and resulted in a win for tha former by 9 runs, after a close aud exciting contest, tho scores being 97 and 88 respectively. The batting of Ander son (44), Morrison (22), Cowcher (11) for the Osbornes, aud Coates (35), HaJligan (13) for the Stanmores, is deserving of mention : also the bowling of Cowcher and Brown for the Osbornes, and Coates for the Stanmores. David Jones and Co. v. Faemek and Co. — Teams representing the above firms met on Saturday on Farmer's ground. The George-street team succeeded in giving Parmer's a good leather-hunting in the first innings, tha score standing Farmer and Co. 40, D. Jones and Co. 8S. David Jones and Co. went in again, and had scored 70 runs when time was called. Mr. J. O'Connor captained the latter, and Mr. Brown Victoria House. 