NEWS OF THE WEEK,! GUNDAGAI POLICE COURT. Friday, Eeh. 25. (Beforo Mr. Lovo, P.M.) TIlESl'ABS. Charles Hunt was charged with allowing a mob of sheep to stray in a public stroot, namely, Byron-strcot, on tho Gundagai Hat. Dofoudant ploadcd not guilty. Joromiah Leiiry deposed : On Wednesday, tho 23rd, I saw some slicop on tho flat about (i a.m. ; I boliovo they woro dofondaut's ; some of thom woro lying down on tho strcot ; I saw either aeieuuano or nis son driving mom away. By dofondaut's wifo : I could swoar that tho sheep woro ou tho street ; defendant told mo tho sheop had brokon out of tho fold. Mrs. Hunt having addressed tho bench for tho dofouce, defendant was iinod £1, with 2s Gd costs. Saturday, Feb. 20. (Boforo Mr. Lovo, P.M., and Mr. Crowo.) LEAVING HUE ALIGHT. I James Grant Ogilvio was summonod by Mr. I James Robinson for leaving a firo alight on his run on the 25th instant. Defendant pleaded guilty/ and expressed a hope that tho bench would bo lonient with him, as ho had not himself left tho firo alight ; it was tho act of his sorvants. Mr. Crowo said ho thought that this was an oUouco which ought not to bo lightly punished. After a consultation between tho magistrates, dofondant was fined £2, with £1 Is professional costs, 15s witnesses' expenses, and -Is lOd court fees ; lovy and distress, or ono month in jail. Tho amount of tho fine and costs was paid. Mr. Porkins appeared for tho complainant. Our sporting- friends aro again reminded that +Tir» nnfvnnnna fm* fhrt .TnnVrtxy Olnh Handicap must bo in tlio hands of tho soerotary by 4 o'clock this afternoon. Ox Thursday last, during a thunderstorm, tho lightning struck a growing box- tree at Mr. Plows's, Yammatrco, und set it on firo. Plows felled tho tree without dolav ; but, as it con tinued to burn, ho was obliged to watch it all night. As tho grass was, fortunately, wot, it did not ignito. Tho paddock, consisting of grass, which is being saved for tho wiutor, is 6ituato about a milo from tho homestoad; and, had it not been for tho fact that Plows visited it on Thursday evening, thoro is no doubt hut the grass and fences of tho settlers around would havo been all destroyed. The happy possossor of a largo pastoral property not ono hundred miles from Guudagai, and tho owner of znauy flocks and herds, was recently giving his opinion of tho accident that bofolMr. Gregory at Pigeon-square, luandra. ' Why, man alive,' ho said, ' I'vo been- a travellin' sheop to thein there bloomin' moun tains for these thirty year and more,, and I bo blowed if such a thing ovor happened mo. I'd tako jolly good caro, I would, not to get froze, oven if I'd to lot tho bloomin' jumbucks go to I blue Jerusalem. Once I was thoro, and, it was ' cold, and no mistako about it, so I puts on my considorin' cap, and thou I determined to crawl into a hollow log, and there I lay as comfortable as possible until momiu', when I crawled out again; but, by Hogan's ghost, a big bloomin' brown snake seven or oight feot long, crawled out after mo. * You'ro a nice bcdfollor,' says I, and I goes and gets a hig lump of a stick, and I goes ovor to kill tho beggar, 'but just as I was goin' to hit him on tho nut, I thinks of grati tude, and says I,* 'No, you beggar, as you didn't bite mo I won't kill you.' ' The match between Mr. B. M. Osborne's Fisherman and Mr; Lloyd's Ito, which had been looked forward to for some timo, took place at Jugiong on Saturday last in tho presence of two hundred spectators, iucluding many from a distance. Both horses had their admirers, and i .their respectivo backors woro very confidont of ! success, but Fisherman, who is tho progeny of Old Cossack, a horse well-kuown in those districts somo littlo time ago, was tho favorite. The race, which, as our readers aro awaro, was for £50 a-sido, was a gift to Fisherman, who ' was nover askod to put forth his powers. To show how easily ho pulled off tho event wo may mention that, iu going over tho distance, it was necessai*}* to pass the winuing-post thrco times. Owing to a misconcoption, when ho had passed : tho post tho socond time, his jockey pulled up and turned the horso round, thinking that he had won. Tho spectators, of course, cried out to him that ho .would havo to go round again, and in turning tho auimal fell, and Ito passed him. Tho latter was soon overhauled, but l?ishorinau was doomed to rcceivo another chock, for ho ondeavoured to tako tho inside, of tho running, which, his advorsary would not givo him, and he had- consequently to noarly i pull up in order to got round him. Not withstanding these drawbacks, ho camo in an easy winner. Fishcrmau curried G st.,.andIto lOst. -/? -? ; ;? / ' A single-wicket cricket match will bo played this evening, betwoon 'Denis McCuig nnd Oeorgo Suushall. Next Saturday a cricket match will bo played betweeu the Adolong and Gundagai clubs on tho ground of the lattor. Complaints' have been made to us that car casses of a horse and cow are lying in tho river close to tho pumps that supply tho town with, wator. It is unnecessary to point out how ossontial it is that thoy should bo removed without dolay. 1 The meeting of sheep-ownors and owners of largo stock, convonod for Friday last for tho orcction of directors for tho ensuing year, lapsed for want of a quorum. ? The inspector of stock reported to tho directors that about SOO kanga 100 scalps had booii brought iu to him, and '£40 was ordered to bo paid for them under tho Pas tures nnd Stock Protection Act. Ono mau brought in 005 scalps^ A young lady residing in tho Tarrabandra neighbourhood asks us : 41 Do you think it right lor a girl to sit on a young man's lap, ovon if sho is engaged to him ?' And wo say : ' If it was our girl ou our lap, yos ; if it was anothor girl on our liip, yosj but if it was our girl and another follow'* lap, nover ! ' The 8. j W. Herald understands that our ' member, tho lion. William Forstor, is oxpocted !? 1 to arrive in Sydney about Saturday next, . tho : i 5th instant. . ? ; Maxy pooplo iu tho bush aro undor tho im pression that the river-oak is a non-conductor of lightning. That this is a fallacy was shown during a recent thunderstorm at Gobarralong, ; when ono of them was struck. In a rccont issue our Tumut correspondent— in making somo reinurks upon tho visit, to Albury, at tho timo of tho rccont railway demonstration* of Mr. Thomas^ Boyd, tho first whito man who crossed tho Murray — said that he ' passed unnoticed through the crowd.' lio spocting this tho Albury Banner makes tho fol lowing observations : — Wo feel bound' to' any. that, if Mr. Boyd ' passed unnoticed through tho orowd,' it was his own fault, or, rather, tho fault of tho gentleman undor whoso caro ho had placod himself. Had propor stops boon taken to mako known his arrival, thoro aro many in Albury who would havo been only too glad to make much of tho first whito rnan who crossed I tho Murray, and wo havo no doubt that Minis ters also would havo boon glad to shako hands with tho pioneer of civilisation in this part of the colony. As it was, no one seems to havo known that Mr. Boyd was here during^his stay iA town. ' ' ? ? \ ?* :'V- ' The woll-known Lynch family of bollringors, instrumentalists and vocalists, and thoir English specialty combination, comprising Messrs. 0. Lyndhurst, tho- greatest living vontriloquist ; Alfred Santley, baritouo and comiquo ; Frank Harcourt, lightning chaugaartist ; JamosWardej basso; and Professor Alfred Strathan, pianist; in all 12 artists, loft Molbourno yostorday (28th Feb.) on a lengthy overland tour to Brisbane, proceeding from thoro to Java and -tlio East. Full particulars of thoir visit to- this district will shortly appear in our advising columns. j A3 an lusianco oi wmu can uu uccouipiisuou by persoveranco- wo aro informed that Mr. W* Matchott, of South Gundagai, ou Thursday last despatched to tho Sydney railway terminus a lot of goods ho had purchasod in Sydney. Tho said goods woro forwarded by Friday's goods -train to Cootauiundra, from whence thoy woro brought to Gundagai by Wilson's oxprcss on Saturday. This is as it should bo, and if W. B. Wilson would confine his attention to the quick dolivory of goods, leaving the passenger traffic for Cobb and Co., tho tradespeople, unless blind to thoir own interests, aro bound to support him. Tho advantages conforrcd by Charley Hall's express surely cannot so soon bo forgotten. Wo boliovo it is Wilson's intention to run his oxprcss to Adelong and Tumut in a wcok or two. We understand that Constable Granger,, who has been stationed in Gundagai for tlio past three yeaia, is to bo removed to Albury. AilONGST the lint of in.%ulvunts iov the wcok is John Coggau, farinor, Hillas Creek ; liabilities, £530 . 5s. Sd, .assets, £90 15s. Mr. Saudomau, official assignee. The following conditional purchases have lapsed in consequence of the selectors having failed to fulfil the conditions of the Act, and the lands will be offered for sale as soon as practicable, by competition, by public action, if, not in the meantime conditionally purchased afresh, to which they will be liable, on the ex piration of thirty days from February 25th James Crowe, 40a, Gobarralong, selected at Gundagai on August 9, 1877; Win. H. Smitjb, 80a, Burro, selected afc do August 30, 1877 ; John Sells, 40a lr, Wantiool, selcctod at do Septomber 6, 1877 ; Charles Parrott, 40a, Tar rabandra, selected at dp Soptember 6, 1877 ; Cathcrino Eocho, 40a, Childowla, selected at do Septomber 13, 1877 ; Robert Wright, 40a, Mitta Mitta, selected at do September 20, 1877 ; Theo dore Galo, 40a, Mitta Mitta, selected at do Sep tember 20, 1877 ; John Jenkins, 50a, Nnngus, ooloctcd at do Soptombor 27, 1877; Michael Thomas Carberry, 100a, Childowla, selected at do January 25, 1877; Michael Thomas Carberry, 100a, Childowla, selected at do February 1, 1877; Anuio Watson, 40a, Batlow, soloctcd at Tumut July 19, 1877 ; Alfred Geo. Webb, 320a, Blanch, selcctod at Tumut Soptombor 13, 1877 ;. Allan M'Kinnon, 40a, Wagra, selected at Tumut September 27, 1877. Impounded at Cootauiundra on the 19th of February, from Brawlin Creek, by Mr. M. Culhano: — Yellow bullock, TBS near rump;, strawborry stcor, saino braud ; black and whito cow, 6auio; roan heifor, same ; strawberry heifer, samo; spottod.cow,liko IHnoar rumpi SWnoar loiu, liko TBS'noar thigh ; roan cow, liko samo brands; yellow bullock, TBS noar rump; spotted cow, samo brand ; brindle and whito cow, samo ; brindlo calf, samo; britidlo cow, samo;. roan calf, no brand ; roan stoor, TBS,' samo ; roan cow, samo ; red oo w, samo ; whito steer, same ; bluo cow, samo ; bluo stoor, samo ; roan stoor, samo ; spotted hoifor, same ; rod bullock,' LL ovor.— noar rump.* To bo1 sold 17th Marchv . The following solections.woro takon up at tho Burrowa knd-pfllco on Thuwday last. ,, .,^.7; ? T; Goilogly, 220a, llirrema, ' J. Cass, 320a, Douglos _ T. McNamara, 150a, Waro- ? ' J.'Hurdyman^ 200a,.Olney, ' , W. O'Brynei 40u, Giinnary . Oi McNamai'a, 320a, Yundoo T.:Berry, 40a, Iloveli , j J, P. Ryau,.40a, Gegullalong ' M. Mcliihornojv 40a, Douglas. 1 TnE following selections woro takon up. at Cootamundra on Thursday last. - Bornard Bannon, 200a,.Dudaumau John McClintock, 40a, Dudauman Charles Starr, 200aj Trigalong jamos Connors, 40a, Cu'ngegong. Ox St. Yalontino's Day,., at Watson's Bay, Mrs. Dunn, tho popular hostess of tho Gap : Hotel, was presented by the members of No. 1 Battery of tho N.S.W. Artillery -with a hand some gold locket, appropriately engraved, ac companied by a richly-illuminated testimonial, in recognition of tho uniform kinduoss and 1 affability ilispluyod to tho Artillery by tho fair hostess during the last two and a half yoars. A suitable speech was tnado on prosontatiou, nftor which cheers woro given for Mrs. Dunu, whoso health, was heartily drank by tho stalwart sons j of Mars. : Ir poverty is u disgraco, .inondod stockings are a darned shame. The Chinoso aro fast loaving tlio Palmer, -ocauso ' thoy say ' tho troopors told thom tho rntivo polico aro all to be ' sacked' owing to ?efcronchmont, and that tho wild blacks will hon hang all tho Cliinkios with tho tolograph viro! A ceiitatn youth wont to Cootamundra for ;ho purpose of playing in a cricket match. Iu ;ho morning ho was. mot by tho servant, who lolitoly told him that. sho. had been unablo to Hud his boots, but had oloauod his shells. What 1 fete ! Eaiil Beaconsfiold's ' Endymion ' is being 3old all over America in pamphlet form 'at 7d. fcho ontirn novel. Publishers' prieo in England, 3ls. Gd. Sydney price 8s. Cd. Sin Alfred Stophon is 79 yoars of age. Ho was a judgoof tho Supreme Court of this colony 34 yoars. On a rocont morning, noar Colao (Vic.), a poor swagman namod Duval bogged .cufilciont flour to mako a ' damper' for his morning's moal. When ho roachod the township ho was informed by a lettor which awaitod him- at tho post-offico that by tho doath of his father in CJapo Colony, iu South Africa, ho was hoir tcj a largo estate and considorablo property in that solony. Enclosed in tho letter was a bank draft to fit him out for tho voj'ago home. . . ~ . It is worth a shilling to watch tho inanoouvros of tho man at tho window of Colo's circus in Melbourne. Ho is about tho smartest Yaukco ono ovor mot with. It is said tho ordinary life of a boo is only ninety days. Tho ond of a bee, however, is vory livoly. In Sydney a Palmer-street man is practising tho cornet with a view, it's said, of entoring tho musical profession. ' Tho Palinor-stroot pooplo all hope that ho'll succeed in gotting an engage ment— in tho provincos. 