EPITOME OF IEWS. AST" We.compile'the.following Summarx of Colonial events lioui the various journals to band — _ The Bath citr r Fee e Fk ess s ays . -- >■ ot a Cure : On Monday morning last Mm. Calvin, of Lambert-street, made applica tion against her daughter, .-who,' she stated, had relapsed into a dangerous and violent state of lunacy, after '.having been discharged, on trial, from the Parra matta Asylum. The ."woman slated that her daughter had been incarcerated there on a Bench order some time pieyiuusly, but as the girl had improved somewhat the authorities had induced her (the mo ther) to take her home for a term in order to see if the improvement would-be per manent. 1 ustead of getting better, how ever, she had grown worse, .and as she was now giving great trouble at home, it became necessary to have her returned to the Asylum. The Police Magistrate pointed out that the police could re-arrest the girl, aud have her returned as a luna tic at large without any fresh older from tile Bench, as no medical certificate had been issued -certifying that she had re gained her health. tjiiViseipiemly the uufortiinate girl a as herself brought he- . fore the court, and the formalities neces sary to her being again forwarded to the Asylum were observed. . A report of a .singular and astonishing' nature is published by the At'OKl-AXO tin- , KERVEit. It is stated ' that on the fourth of last month a young man named O'Bailey .was brought before the Bench, .; and committed to the Whan Lunatic Asy lum, New Zealand, on the medical testi mony of two well-known doctors. There is nothing very unusual in this, but it is also asserted that lie was not mad at all, but in the height of a fever, and conse quently delirious. The informant of the 'Observer states that ho was brought out of his bed before the fever had reached its crisis, and taken to the station hi a cab. . After he came out of court he was so weak j as to be unable to stand, and the con- t stables were compelled to support him. j He spoke rationally enough to them, and told them lie was sulk- ring from fever. Until after the sentence of banishment. to j a mad bouse had been pronounced lie had ; no idea what it was all about. The most j sorrowful part of the story is that a young I lady iwhb was engaged liursiug the alleged maniac also caught the fever and died. I There are other matters (adds the tin- j server) which have been related to us , which we do not care to make public ; j but the whole report is of such a strange nature that for the credit of the iuithori- ! ties it is to be hoped it will be contra- j dieted. The ArsnutASMX. says The Wea ther and Crops in Victoria : The weather j experienced/during the past iveuk ha» i been fine for the season of tlie year. j Front St. Arnaiid, the Wiminera, the ! Richardson, and all portions of the co- i loiiy, we have excellent accounts of the J progress of the crops. At \\\ angaratta, the weather has been all that could be dc- ; sired for the last six weeks, frosty nights : alternating with'soft rains and sunshiny j days. The crops are very forward and j strong. At St. Arnaud, the weather con- j tiliues fine, and the crops are looking well. The prospects of the district are consi dered better . than they have been for the last seven years. Yesterday morning (says the Hivkkixe Grazif.r, of the titli), a'■.respectable- look ing''.elderly' • gentleman named Suttor en tered the A.J.S. Bank, Hay, and en quired for the Manager, to vvhoiu he stated that lie Was the owner of the block of land on which the Bank and several other places of business are situate, and j that he would (require Mr, Stewart to • give up possession of the .premises.. At j firat, naturally, Mr. Stewart's impulse ! was to show the stranger the door, regard- ; ing hini as an intruder or practical joker, 1 but he contented himself with saying he , would at least require a written not ice to 1 quit, which the stranger promised lie I should have forthwith and left tliu1 Bank, j Whether such notice has been served, or j what title Mr. Suttor inay have to the,, valuable properties referred to, we know ; not, but Tumour has it that the notice has ; been served, and that it sets forth that he j bought froui Captain Cadell the 4 acre i block on which now stand the A.J.'S. , Bank, Union Bank, Mr. Threlkeld's pro- ; perty, our own office, and other proper- j ties, roughly estimated to be value for ; £30,000. The Toowoomiia Cukoxici.e says The Fair Sex in Dalby : Dalby ought to be a paradise for bachelors, if wo are to : judge from the very unusual feature in j relation to the population of that town, j displayed by the census returns. The circumstance is so exceptional lhat in-any ; town of Queensland there should be an excess of females over !he male population ; that it compels special notice. Probably the ladies of Dalby were not previously aware of their numerical1 preponderance, .; and we trust they will not take any undue ; advantage of .the position. The Mei.rot'Rxr. Ar«.i;s reports that a , determined case of suicide occurred at ] VVobdstock on Sunday last. John Mason, ; a well-to-do farmer of the district and one of the members of the Darcbin Shire Council, was discovered to have com mitted suicide by hanging. His family, on rising in the morning,'missed him from ■ the house; and two of his sons went in search of him, and about two o'clock they , found his lifeless body suspended to a limb of a tree in his paddock. The ( body was quite cold; Some years ago < the deceased met with an accident from a threshing-machine, aud it was found ne- \ cessary to amputate the right arm itnme- , diately below the shoulder. Under these ; circumstances it may appear strange that > the unfortunate man could have affected . his purpose. He seemB to have climbed ; on to a fallen tree with a projecting limb, and; on reaching a convenient height, to | have fixed a hayband to the branch and round his neck, and then dropped. The j right foot was found touching the ground. 1 No reason is assigned for the rash act. ; The deceased owned considerable pro- ! perty in Woodstock, and his family are i well provided fori The Ballarat correspondent of the Are l reports that a horrible discovery was made on the Ormond Road, Bungaree, on Sun- ! day morning, by three farmers, whilst ; riding to church. Observing the remains ; of a fire near the fence, they proceeded to wards it, and Saw among the embers the i charred body and head of a human being. The legs and arms had been burnt .to cin ders. It transpired that the spot where the fire was burr in,, ha 1 been occupied on the previous evening by a ,tent. in which : a stonebreaker named J ihn Kelly had camped, and though the remains could j not be identified, it is beyond doubt that : by some means 'the tent had caught lire, and burnt the unfortunate itimato to j death. . , ■ ! Several successful prosecutions against 1 petty bakers ;for selling light weight bread in Melbourne, have been insti tuted by the Master Bakers' Associa tion. A heavy fine in each case was in flicted. Tbe Wagca Eatress learns that the | crows are especially voracious tliis year, ; more particulBi'lj' in the Urana and Yanko districts. Owing to the badness of 1 the season, the ewes in many parts are verv weak, and unable consequently to keep their ordinary jealous ward over j i their - offspring. Of this fact the crows J '■ seem fully aware, and naturally work it t | with their characteristic wilinguess to their •; j own advantage. We are informed upon { undoubted authority that it is no uncom i ■■won thing to see'a .couple of old crows—! ] birds that " know the ropes'..thoroughly 1 —enter into a co-operative scheme fur al locking the yomig lambs. One bird at S tacks in tlie rear, generally seizing it by " the tail, while the other pecks its eyes nut, ; when they naturally have it at their dis posal. We understand that a proposal is on foot among the stockowne.rs in tlie.dis . triet to which we refer to give 2d. each for i all crows eggs. The nests, »ve beliei e, are to lie found in large numbers in the boree trees. . ; • .1 Tbe E. News, of the 13th inst., says : ' —A Terrible Death : On Monday last a ■ man presented: himself at the Infirmary j .with a ticket of admission in the name Frederick Anderson, a labourer, aged 3b < years,' and as his case seemed' a proper { one for treatment he was admitted ; and. j placed 'in one of the wards, where he re-j eeived the attention of the house physi- { cian. He became worse and slio wed signs of delirium tremens, and about II o'clock last night he threw himself from one of the windows of the ward, and fell a distance of about 30 feet, receiving injuries from i I the effects of which he died about half- j past 5 o'clock this' morning. Nothing is j known as to his previous ..history,' and he ; [ would not give any account of himself j whilst he was in the institution. j A splendid reef (according to the imVHNh' A Rot s) is being developed imme- j diati-ly adjoining the Northern 'boundary. , of the Mariner's Reef Company's work ings, near Maryborough (Vic.),'.and the more it is opened up the better it appears. | Some of the stoue has crushed as high i as 5 oz. to the ton, .and it is considered j very probable that the reef will lead iuto j the Mariner's lleef claim. ] Mr. Copeland (remarks Wednesday's j 12\. N Ews) nearly talked the House out last night. He was wound up to go till i tlie refreshment hour, but kept going till j a quarter-past. 1 i The Toowoouua Chronicle says • Death from Tetanus : It will be in the re- j collection of our readers that a son of Mr. ; II. Wear, living on the Cowrie.Road, met with ft1 severe accident some time ago while driving a horse attached to a chaff cutting machine, and by. which the big toe was nearly severed fruiiii bis foot. I'p till recently no dangerous consequences J were an t ici pated, but within the last day Or so symptoms of tetanus—or lock-jaw —have manifested themselves, and we re gret to learn have resulted in the lad's death, which occurred yesterday, in spite of all thatmedical skill could do to. pre vent so melanchol}' a termination to the sufferings of the.yunthfnl patient. Also :—An accident occurred at Alerin gaiidan oil last Saturday afternoon, which has caused the death of a,very worthy and respectable resident in that neigh hour hood, and the intelligence of which will be learned with sin cere regret by ail who have known the character of the man who lias thus been cut off in bis career of use fulness and 'persevering industry. The circumstances were as follows Mr, Hy. ! Maag, a farmer, living within About a mile of the Meringaiidan sehoolhouse. | had been engaged in clearing and burn- 1 lug off timber from an unimproved por- [ turn of his land. While so employed on j the day named, he was "«»iking near a ■ large tree, which bad .'.been■.■previously set. , on lire, and which suddenly fell. Some of its branches striking the unfortunate j mail felled him to the earth, fracturing | his skull, and. at the same. time, tearing j off a large portion of his scalp. The acci- j delit was observed, the unconscious mail j taken home, and a messenger immediately sent into town fur Dr. Howlin. After a very rapid ride, the medical gentleman arri ved at the residence of his patient, to tiud that human skill was unavailing, and the injured .tuan' died within about ten | hours after the accident. j The Lirunow, Mercury says How- j we missed a Libel Case : Mr. l-rank ! Woodward, who went up from here on ] a charge of issuing fraudulent cheques, !' has been landed for two years in Bathuvst | gaol. We are sorry to see eny man get j into trouble, but we are glad that Frank | has been bottled up for a lengthy term, as I he intended prosecuting1 us fur reporting : his case, and in tlie present condition of the Libel Act, this would very likely, end t in big trouble for us. ; There are 3lK)ft magistrates in New • •South Wales.' The purchasers of the wreck of the , Queen of Nations (says the Ili.awauka i AIekcuky) have not doue much yet to re- j cover the valuables they have thus be- i come possessed of. During the last few; f days the sea has become somewhat dis- t turbed, but not sufficiently to cast much i of the cargo ashore. Constables Dean , and Forbes, who swam out to the remains of the vessel a few days ago, declare that ( a very large number of cases and other "j articles, in addition to the railway iron, still lie on the bottom of the wreck and on either side of it. Report says that the ■ purchasers of, the wreck intend tosecure i the services of two South Sea Islanders I for diving purposes in connection with re covering the property now under [water, and that a small vessel of light draught is to ho moored as near the wreck as may be safe for the reception of any articles se cured. A few dozen bottles of brandy have come ashore since the sale of the wreck. The Southern Annus says At the 'great drive, which took place on Air. Fred. Badgery's station, Bonny Doon. on Friday and Saturday, there was excellent sport, and the aggregate result was highly satisfactory. The total number of the various tallies was over SCO, but it "is sup posed that nearly JOOO marsupials (includ ing wallabies and youngsters) were de stroyed. The sport each day commenced about 10 a.m.; under the leadership of Air. F. D. Badgery,1 who captained the ! shooters, -about.'45 of whom mustered to i wage war against the kangaroo tribe, j There was an insufficiency of drivers, only i about 25 assisting, and those who under- ■■ took that department of the campaign had an immensity of toil and fatigue to «n- ; dergo. Sometimes most of the game rushed towards one wing of shooters, who ! then had the fun all to themselves, the ; other wing having hut little of .the shoot- ' ing to do. There were several large indi vidual scores made, and some crack shoot- I ing done. We learn that Mr. J. Badgery v knocked over about 30 - Air. H.-Gordon,' | 40 ; Air. H: Pay ten (who was present but j the second dav). 21 ; and Air. Davis be- ; twecu 25 and 30. A Air. Clarke also made great havoc, from one drive alone picking j off" nine! Air. Badgery, and even thoso , who had but small success with tbe gun, j were highly pleased with the grand sport afforded. Mre. M'Lean, who a short time ago ob teined a verdict of /5UI.W against the Kan way Department, for an accident winch resulted in her husband's death, will receive £iUO0. The verdict having been appealed a^uiust, the jury in the new trial awarded £'1000 less than in the first trial. The Darling River is unnavigable, and there is no indication of a rise. While this continues the Mount Browne dig gings will chiefly be supplied from South 'Australia. About mid day yesterday (remarks ri-iday's Echo^i the dead body of Mr. i horn as \\\ llliaiu Morton was found hang ing in a bedroom at his residence, No. 1), Hunt-street. About ten minutes pre viously, 5fottoil, whose mind seems to have h^come unhinged, wont upstairs into his bedroom. He was followed shortly afterwards by his wife, who found Ills lifeless body 'Suspended by a leather strap to the bedpost. Deceased was bo years of age, and a native of Scotland. Having visited the Southern States of America, New Zealand, and Queensland, he arrived here about two years ago, when he was appointed overseer of Hyde I'arfc. He was a thoroughly practical g'Udenei, and was enabled to effect very great improvements in that reserve, die various, flower plots which .lie laid out bearing testimony to his skill and taste. While. he was in America, Morton was overseer of a cotton plantation, and had the misfortune not only to receive two sunstrokes, but was also thrown from a horse. It is supposed that all these things affected his brain to some extent. The Sydney cor. of the Sutcleton Am.is writes Smail-pox hovers around .us like a bird of .prey over a carcase, and makes us remember its presence by occa sional prods. It butsts out, as Shake speare's ghosts, in most-unlooked-for places, and faces us in the midst of out merry makings. Sir W. Allen, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, waited as a deputation upon tlie Premier to say it was extremely desirous to burn down the house in which the woman, who now has small pox, lived at the Glebe. Here we have a notable example of the truth of the adage, " One touch of nature makes the world kin for a week ago Sir Geo. . A11*3ji Otfiild at our fear8, and tell us not to be alarmed—the danger creeping into his .neighbourhood chases the apparent valour away, and Sir George becomes " one of ,we." Mr. Fremliu asked Sir tnery a tj nest ion anent the small pox ; fus reply was, "Sufficient unto the day is the small-pox thereof." He may find out before long that " the smallpox nf a day is -'sufficient for a life-time thereof." It appears to he still spread ing, and I think for every case of which we hear there are twenty not made public, for who would like to be forced nut of a sick bed into the air, and to undergo a ®<,a trip, thus endangering their life ten fold, if avoidable ? If a patient is in an v way comfortable, or in affluent circum stances, the chances are he keeps in his own bed, and his medical adviser swal lows a gilded pill, and holds his tongue. It is, as I befoie said, one World for the rich and another for the poor. No thing is more conducive to health than the Cleanliness of home and person ; it has been shown also that white-washing the walks of a house keeps off the germs of sickness. So also do oderiferous flowers, strongly smelling plants, such as scented verbena, stocks, carnations, sage, thyme, mint, and others of powerful smell, all help to make the air we breathe healthy at night, The affinity possessed by plants and trees for absorbing carbonic acid is so great that unless there was a .constant supply diffused through the at mosphere they would attract it from the clouds. Like a sponge in a filter .they catcli and detain all impure matter, and are not only beautiful to the sight, but useful as a health-giver. I'JEgles" writes: —Up at Narrabri the driver of the mail had a new arrival on the box, several shades greener than usual. As they drove aiong an old-man kangaroo appeared on the side of the road, stand ing, as is their wont, with paws hanging out. On coming up the driver, with a polite bow to the old-man, said, " No bag lor you this morning, sir." Kangaroo bops off—lies-seat looking on vvonder ^^1'- To him then the driver—" Kan garoo trained at neighbouring station to cariy. mail-bag—bad none for him this morning—you saw how he went off!" And then, Box-seat, admiringly-, *' By Jove, when 1 have a station I'M have one of those fellows ! ' The following. showing the efficacy of vaccination, appears in the British Mr jural Jot'KS'Al. of April 30th " A sur geon of a large sailing ship, trading be tween Liverpool and New \ork, <iii going on board for the first time a few days be fore her departure, was astounded to find that the captain, iu flagrant violation of all regulations had his son, a boy of 12 or 34 years of age, who was suffering from con fluent smull-pox, and whom he was un willing to leave behind alone in London, secretly conveyed on board the vessel. The surgeon, unwilling to denounce the captain, procured all the vaccine lymph that he could, and, revaccinated with it himself and as many of the crew, who numbered about 21 men. who remained un vaccinated. The boy died within, two or three days of their setting sail. Of the revaccinated, two-thirds or three- fourths of the whole, not a single one had caught the disease. But of those who, from no choice of their own, had remained unvac ciiiated, all, or nearly all hut one or two, caught the disease, and three died. The crew did not know the nature of the boy's illness until after some among themselves had falleu ill, the secret being kept until after the vessel had set sail. " Kangaroo drives (remarks Will Honey comb, in theDt ubo Disrat" -H)are the fash ion dob. At every station, where even the ghost of a tripod lias been seen, it is considered the proper thing to organise a drive, bat tue, or whatever else it may be called. One was got up the-other day by the hospitable owner of Lignum. There were some kangaroos seen about, and to de molish them invited the neighbours living far and w ide. On the day appointed for the ■''■drive, there was an excellent at tendance. Breeches and boots and kan garoo dugs were ns plentiful as snow in the freernur room at Go-ding Creek. And after a refresher, a start was made. The dogs were slipped, and this paddock and that one were scoured with an asiduity worthy even of a better cause. B it when tiiglit fell, and the company met at tile home station, scalps and caudal append ages were scarce Not a kangaroo had been captured, though one fellow swore he saw a wombat during his hunt ing. 1 hat was enough to vvhet their appetites for another day's driving. And, on the following morning, they set out, and, at tight, when they again met, and reck oned up the sports of the hunt, it was found that one sickly paddemelon had been captured, ft is being preserved to present to the young princes as a record of the most extraordinary kangaroo drive ' that ever took place in the colony. i The Government have been requested to arrange for the re-vaccination of all I persons in the colony whose means prevent I ihem from calling in medical men for the [ purpose. ! A large number of persons in Quean j beyan have been fined for keeping unre- t ! gistered dogs. _ • A most heartless case of deserting a J J whole family, consisting of six children, i the eldest not being more than eleven ! years old, and youngest five months, was ! brought under the notice of the Bathttrst ; Bench last Friday morning. It appeared from the evidence of Senior Sergeant Mui'grove that lie .found, the unfortn ; liate children last night in a house in i George street - they were all lying <>u ; stHue straw in the. corner of a room, the ! only covering on them being a dirty piece i of blanket. Tile surroundings were in a filthy state. The eldest girl, who seemed J very* intelligent, informed the. sergeant ; that they had lately been living at AVagga; , i their father, whose name was Markhatu, a , I bricklayer, turned them out of their home ■ I and left them, arid tln-y, in company witli j j their mother, retained a free pass by rail I ■! to Bat hurst, and ten days since the mother J j had deserted t hem and gone to Hill End! , j They were without food, and very ill clad, t j and .entirely' dependent upon the charity of neighbours. Mr. Lee, P.M., said that j S it was one of the most heartless cases of ; j desertion ever brought tinder his notice, j { They were ordered to be sent to the indus- j • tiial school at Biloela. i The Mount Alexanher Mail says i " .Mr. Thorburn was presented to the I Princes, and gave them a card that they [may well think worthy of preserving as-j j being given to them in Australia, and of ; carrying home with them. On this card ! Mr. Tlwrburn wrote he was at the christ 1 etiing of their father, the Prince of Wales, j | in the capacity of a chorister boy." The j > same journal of last Wednesday's i ! date savs :—"That the glass from which i one of" the Princes sipped his chain- j ! pagne has been ptocured by a lady, j i who vows she will keep it as lung as she ! J Jives." . \ The E. News says :—Mr. Garrett j " had" Mr. Copeland last night. The latter was declaring that there was no J connection between the Chinese and the j recent outbreak of small-pox, and trium- j phautly asked, "Why have we had no out- i break before !" "So we have ; five years j ago for (he last," said Mr. Garrett. J " Well, why was that not traced to the j Chinese," returned their champion. " So [ it was, it broke out among the Chinese | brought by the Brisbane," returned Mr. j Garrett. The only reply Mr. Copeland ; could think of was that it might have tie- ; curred if the passeugeis had come from j another country. j : Melbourne, Friday.—The return of the j ! new Ministers, most of whom were re- j J turned at the last election as avowed i [ Liberals, will be opposed to nearly every | iostance by candidates of the Reform : League's choosing. A largo and infiuen- ; | lial meeting of the West lhiurke Confer- 1 i vative electors was held this afternoon, at j [ which it was decided to take 110 part in j ; the contest, but leave the Premier free ; to fight Mr. Ueid single-handed. Had j j either Mr. Harper or Sir. Staugton been put up, his election would have been al- j most a certainty, as the Liberal votes • j would of necessity have been split be- j 1 tweeu Sir Bryan and. Mr. Reid.—Accord- - ing to the latest regulations all vessels :ir- 1 riving from Sydney must undergo a strict ;; I examination of the health-officer at the ; j quarantine station at Point Nepean. The R.M.S. Hydaspcs arrived to day, and J ,i was boarded .off Queeiiseliff, but it is nof. i likely that her detention w ill be of long j duration. Arrangement? are being made ; by the Central Hoard of Health to secure j ; a large supply of vaccine lymph, and Dr. t j Voiil proceeds to Snnbury to-morrow to i obtain some from three eows belonging . i to the Hon. W. J. Clarke, after which some cows at the Government experi t mental farm will he inoculated.—Heury j Col toy, who recently attempted the life of ; the girl Amy Lewis by cutting her throat : j and afterwards tried to commit suicide by 1 j the same means, was to-day .committed t for trial on a charge of attempted murder. 1 The offence was committed on the 3rd : I May, and both the prisoner and his iiir I j tended victim have been in the hospital nearly ever since, although they liave now \ j recovered. , I It is stated that Mr. Slattery's motion ' 1 respecting the increase of the Judge's sa j laries will be strougly opposed in the As j seinhly. ' i The local option clauses of the new Li- • j censing Bill will, it is thought, be inope- ^ | rative. The Teetotallers strongly object j | to the two-thirds majority. They say a | bare majority ought to suffice. The Bill : ) generally is well received. The clauses ! transferring to Boards the granting of ii j censes is particularly believed in. j News lias been received by cable, from , i England (savs the Tam worth News), : 1 that Mr. L. AV_ Levy, the second partner : in the old firm of Cohen and Levy, is i J dead. Latterly, we understand, Mr. j | Levy, although a wealthy man, became a i prey to melancholia, arising from a de- ; lusioti that lie was to die poor, and he : 1 had to be kept under restraint. Mrs. j Levy will be remembered with gratitude j ; for years to come by many poor families j in Tamworth, to whose necessities she ' : administered. j j Friday's Echo says :—Another death j I from small pox has occurred at the Qua j ran tine Station. The victim was Mary ] 1 Aon Fisher, wife of Peter Fisher. Her j | death took place at a quarter pact 4 j j o'clock on Thursday afternoon, and her I remains were buried in the evening. De- ; ceased, it will be remembered, resided in . I a small weatherboard building forming i | part of Mitchell's-terrace, situate between t i Norton and Dennian streets, Glebe. In- : ' formation was given to the police on j ] Thursday, 7th instant, by some residents j of the Glebe, wlm then feared that Mrs. -i > Fisher was suffering from an attack of , small-pox : but it was not until the next j day that Dr. Spencer was sent to visit the | i sufferer. He then found that the disease i was variola, and that it bad reached the ; j tliird or fourth day of the eruptive stage, j The patient, as well as the other persons ; • who had been living in the same bouse, : . was conveyed to the Quarantine Station ' on the following Sunday morning De | ceased was a daughter of Mrs. Bowra, i Potts's-building, Batliurst-street. Dr. j Spencer was called to see a supposed case of suiall-pox on Bullock Road, , j Bahnain, yesterday, as the symptoms ! ' were somewhat pectiliar be decided to ■ defer expressing an opinion upon the ; -matter until he had seen the patient i again this morning. Meanwhile, how | ever, the house occupied by the sufferer i was isolated. Dr. Spencer visited the 1 j house again this morning, and having re- ; ported that the patient was .not:suffering ! from variola, the place was released from , [ quarantine. ; A man named Geo. Martin, a groom, ' employed at Hawke's livery stables, 8yd- : uey, was severely kicked in the abdomen i | by a horse on Wednesday, and died last i ' Friday evening. A peculiar case was tried at the Mait land Police Court, last Thursday, in which Mr. Mullen the well-known solicitor, sum moned a girl eleven years old for desert ing from lite service. The child was one of the Italian immigrants, and was hired in Sydney by Mrs. Mullen for 12'months, the girl's father obtaining employment with another family iu the same neigh bourhood. Mrs. Mullen was fond of the girl, and said she intended to adopt her. It seems she was bringing the child up as a Protestant, to which the father mid a priest objected. The father took the girl away and handed her to the priest, who refused to give her up. Proceedings were then taken against both the girl and the priest, but the Bench dismissed the case, considering airs. Mullen 3iad no right to bring up the child as a Protestant con trary to the wishes of her father. The Government are having plans pre pared for new Houses of Parliament. Saturday's Echo saysYesterday af ternoon a case Of small-pox was discovered at No. Washington-street, off Sussex street, and in the same neighbourhood as two cases which occurred previously. The patient is a woman named Kelly, wife of M in. Kelly. The house is built of brick, and consists of four rooms, which were1 occupied by Kelly, bis wife, and a woman named Dillon, Dr. Spencer visited the place last, evening, when he found that Mrs. Kelly was suffering from an un- : doubted attack of small-pox, which had reached the fourth or fifth day of the eruptive stage. The matter was reported 1 to Pr Alleyne, and arrangements were I made for the patient to be removed to the 1 Quarantine Station at an early hour this morning. Both the woman Kelly and . Mrs. Bonner, of Ultimo, who was pre- : vionsly reported to be suffering from a ' mild attack of the same disease. Were '! transferred to the Quarantine Station at j an early hour this morning. An expe- j rieneed titirse lias been engaged, and ' placed in charge of Mrs.'Dimiinr's diil- 1 dren, who were allowed to remain in the I house formerly occupied By their mother, j Dr. Alleyne has been endeavouring to ' trace the introduction of sniali-pox'iiit.i j the city, and lias elicited some informs- ; tion which leads him to believe that On i Chong's child was not the tirst to suffer , from the disease. About a furnight prior > to the discovery of the fact that On » Chong s -child was suffering from nu at- i tack of stnaU-pux in*a mild form, a nurse l in the employment of On Chong suffered from a similar eruptive disease, which i there can be little doubt was variola. Travellers between IVijcannis and / Mount Browne are at present subjicted I (says Hie U estkiiv Gazette) to consider- ' able uneasiness, owing to the fact that a., dangerous mad man is at large on the track. Between Morden and Cobhaui 1 seems to be his beat, Fully two mouths i ago be visited the latter station, stuck up 1 the overseer Mr. M'Dunald, and then at- I tacked Mr. Woodlield, who, after a severe j struggle, managed to secure him. lie I was kept tied up at the station for over a 1 week and the p..lice sent for, but with un pardonable neglect they took no notice of ! the intimation, and as the man seemed to be better he was released. We hear he has again become thoroughly deranged and is now very dangerous in his mad ness. Quite recently he visited Mor den, aud almost killed two of the men on the station. On one lie inflicted a severe scalp wound, and a deep cut <>ii the arm of the other, escaping into the bush again before he could be se ctiled. Use Mount Browne police ami a tracker are now after him, and it is hop,.,] by- this, time have effected bis capture, for a more unpleasant nocturnal visitor to a lonely unarmed wayfarer could not well be imagined. He is a fall man, fully 0 feet high, strongly built, and it is said he has a revolver in his possession. Mr. Panton, P.M., last Friday, at Melbourne, sentenced a young iiian of the larrikin class to two years' imprison ment, w ith hard labour, for having struck a constable over the head with a stone tied in a handkerchief. As a local pendant to the Parliament ary discussion on ringbarking, we (Di:m Ll.jfix OmoNi.xK) give the following.as between Dr. Telford, the lessee aud ow ner of Cobraii and other stations, as against one Shannon, a selector. This case did not go to the local police court, but was referred to arbitration, and iif' fected the value of ringbarking for some Kldii acres which were subsequently .se lected. Therespective arbitrators, Messrs. Mackenzie and Maim, could not agree, and these gentlemen had to call in airum' pire, Mr. A M'Cullough, sheep inspector, who decided that the fair price was Is. (id. per acre, which both parties agreed to. We hear that (he arbitrators' price was2s bd. for the squatter, and Is. (id. for the selector. But in this, nor in any other case, do we hear of the just and really ne cessary primary enquiry to be put to the claimant, whoever he may be, "Had you tho(Iovernment's permission to riugbark ?" Tile li.i.tiVAK!:.! Meiu crv states that the recent heavy sea cast several articles ashore from the wreck of the Queen of A atoms, within the last few days anion such being about 1)0 bottles of brandy on Wednesday, arid 55 such bottles with 1 htirsday morning's high tide. These are the property of the purchaser of the wreck, but the duty on them is looked after by the Sub-Collector of Customs. A i man was sent to gaol for seven days }>y the Bench for appropriating a bottle of « the brandy. An explosion of gas took place at Par ramatta last Friday afternoon, at the New Mi:r.ci i;v office buildings of Mr. Fuller, j in George and Macquarie streets. It ap pears that a leakage of gas was perceptible j during the day, and the gasfitier made two openings in the floor upstairs to dis- [ cover its whereabouts, running a light along the pipe. He had not long to wait, i for instantly a tremendous explosion was ' the result. The gas made its escape be- j tweeu the flooring and liuing boards 1 shattering the latter asunder in .splinters,' ; smashing the large windows facing Mac- ' quarie-street, scorching the wooden beams ! in the press-room on tlie ground floor, : and cracking the brick walls dividing the front shop iu George-street and the press room at the rear, besides doing other little : mishaps. 1 lie shock was an exceedingly | violent, one, shaking all the buildings about the spot. Fortunately no one was hurt, althoughall the workmen wore in and ; around the buildings, and several persons wore passing by at the time. The report was heard a long way off. ( The Princes lauded about two o'clock on Thursday in ordinary walking costume, and after visiting Government House strolled for a short time in the Botanic Gardens, and then returned to the ship The Princes ami all the other midshipmen arc at present hard at work undergoing the half-yearly examination jtl. navigation . ami other nautical sciences, which com indices on Monday, and lasts till some time next week. The I-,. News says that the Princes ap pear quiet, unassuming y„ung fellows and seemed evidently pleased at being re- 1 cognised. 1 The Mur. Times says:—A sad and fa tal accident happened to e carrier named Thomas Cant veil, at the latter end of lest weekj an old resident of this town/ and ■whose wife and family have for along time lived at Handoiitou. From what wc can leara he was proceeding with his waggou to Guntiedali, and when only a short dis tance from that town, he by some means got under the wheels, and they passed j over his chest crtisbiug it in. After suf fering intense pain for some eight hours, ' lie died, and »vas buried at Gunnedsh on J the following Friday. Tim deceased I leaves behind a wife and family of small children. Also :—A Point of Law : In the hear ing of the case .Singleton versus Singleton, when Mrs. Singleton sued her husbaud for maintenance; at the local Police Court, ' .Qji Tuesday last, a point of law cropped j up. The Bench was occupied by Messrs. I F. AV. Meyniott and J. L. Tebbutt, J. lVs. Jii giving her evidence Airs. Singleton ■ stated that her husband had beaten her, j after which she left him, aud wished their i Worships to hind him to support her. ; Mr. Meyniott held there was no case, as , Singleton had been lined for illtrcating i his "wife, and that according to herself she ' had deserted him, and <1 noted a clause in one of the Acts to the eflect that if a man I deserted his wife he could be brought be fore a Bench and bound over to maintain her and her family. A\ ith this version of the law Mr. Tebbutt did not agree, but held that a man by illtreating his wife justified her leaving him, and therefore entitled her to he maintained by him, and referred to another passage of !„w. whiih he believed was meant to act in conjunction with what Mr. Mey mott had quoted. It also came out that Mrs. Singleton had oil three pre vious occasions under similar circum stances had her- husbaud hound ovei to maintain her, and oil one of! these occa sions the case was heard before the Police Magistrate at Newcastle: Their 'H.ur- • ships were unable to agree, and the case was ordered to, stand over until Tuesday neat- .Which of the Magistrates was right we are unable to say, therefore/ leave the point to those persons who are more thoroughly versed with tho latv., An, extraordinary escape from .Uvfatal accident {says the Pj.ea.saM- Ckeek N Ews) was experienced early on Saturday morn ing by the Mayor of Stawell (Mr. J. F. Hunter) and his wife. He and Mrs. Hunter had been attending a hall at Landsborough oil Friday night, and de siring to reach home at an early hour 011 Saturday morning he left Landsborough at 5 o'clock, 'accompanied by Mrs. Hun ter. Being unacquainted with the road, Mr. Hunter followed the old track, which appeared beaten, and quite as much tra velled on as the main road—which ho thought it was. After leaving the bridge about i'00 yards behind, bis wife drew his attention to a stump which: they were al most upon. He pulled the horses sharp round, and they fell down a shaft about 50 feet deep, the occupants of the buggy being, of course, thrown out. Hue of the horses tried to jump across the shaft, and in doing so jumped clear of the harness, hut as the ot her animal did not jump he was pulled backr and fell down the shaft, in which he stuck about "■> feet from the i surface. The other horse also fell down, but as ho was entangled in the harness, ' his fall was not so speedy. Mr. Hunter fell down the shaft head foremost, and i partly under the second horse, but sus tained 110 further injury than a contusion ■ to his tight, eye. He strove to extricate , hiuiself froin his periloiis.position, and, by : tueaus of the traces and .reins, at length managed lo pull /himself from under t he > animal. By means ot the reins, also, he I pulled himself to the surface ; but, as the ! front wheels of the trap had fallen into the shaft, he experienced some difficulty in doing >0. 1 "lumately, seeing a place where there was a little space, he dug 1 away a little of the side of the shaft at tho surface, ami so tuauaged to wriggle liun ' self up legs foremost. He then discovered that Mrs. Hunter had also fallen ; but her hair had become entangled in the wheel, and she was hanging over the shaft. As there were 110 other means of t rescuing lier, be, by an almost superiin ! man effort, raised the wheels, pulled the waggonette out of the hole, and thus re lieved his wife from her perilous and painful situation. As soon as it was pos siblefor the accident to he known in Landsborough there were many willing hands on the spot to give any help that lay in their power. The topmost horse : -was soon raised, but almost as soon as it ; was brought to the surface it expired, while it was found that the animal which ; fell down first had broken its neck. The most brilliant festivity of the season (remarks Friday s E«no), and indeed the most brilliant one witnessed 111 Sydney ; for several seasons, was ihe grand ball given at the Exhibition Building, Frince ! Alfred Park, last evening, by his Worship the Mayor of Sydney, Alderman Harris. It was-given in honour of the visit of the detached squadron, and all the olticers who could be spared from duty were pieseut. | Over '2*100 citizens, in addition to the;ofh i cers of the squadron, were invited, and so i far from their being, many refusals the Mayor and the Town Clerk were dui ing the week preceding the ball fairly besieged with applications for cards of iidmission. The. consequence was that the Exhibition Building was thronged last .night,by repre sentatives of every class in the community; and the display of wealth and good taste evidenced in the .different toilettes shown was very marked. (Jiiests began to arrn e soon after 8 o'clock, and were received by the Mayor and Mayoress. As they entered the ball-room, they formed a double hue from the dais to the stage, and when, shortly before 1<> ..'clock, the viceregal party arrived, Ins Excellency the Gover nor, with Lady Augostus Lofhis, the Royal Princes (in the .uniform of midshipmen), Rear- Admiral Earl Clanwilliam, Ac., passed between this double line to the sta<*e The opening quadrille was formed j as follows :-His Excellency the governor ; and Mrs.'Harris; Lord Clanwilliam and Lady Augustus Lottos ; Prince Albert Victor of Wnles and Miss Ethel Allen, [ Prince George of Wales and Miss Mary I Stephen, Sir Alfred Stephen and Mrs. | Wilson, Commodore Wilson and Mrs. j BrtU'C, Captain Dawson, and Mrs. Ste- j phen, Captain Fitzgerald and Mrs. Sterl- \ ■ill" Ac Dancing was carried on with i spTrit between the hours of D> p.m. and .1 j a. ui with ati interval of half an hour di- j reetiv after midnight, when supper was ! partaken of. The police and transit nr- , rangenieiits were thoroughly satisfactory, and irieveiv important respect the Mayor a ball wont without a hitch. J The "local option" prorided 111 the i Licensing Bill (remarks the E>nn) is in j reality te. local option at all, because it , does not give the various communities a j voice in the granting of licenses unless i fully two thirds of those 011 the muni- j eipal loll P"ll their votes. In an ordi- i nary municipal election, it is almost im possible to get two-thirds of the votes polled. What chance, then, would the J opponents of a license have tvhen the supporters of it would abstain from vot ing, as tbey most assuredly would in order to make the contest a nullity. The largest sale of stud sheep ever held in Syduey (says Saturdayrs E. News) was brought to a close at a late liotir yester day afternoon, having occupied two whole days. The sale, conducted by Messrs. Mort and Co., in their wool warehouses, Circular Quay, proved highly successful, every animal ofiered being sold. The at tendance of buyers was very large, and in cluded representatives of the squatting interest from Hiverina, Munnro, the Mar ling, the Laclilan, the llogan, New Eng land, Upper Hunter, Darling Downs, and other parts of this colony and Queensland. Altogether, 4114 sheep were disposed of at prices varying from (1 guineas to <104 guineas per head ; the total amount of tho sale being about ilXttoO. 