.Answers to Correspondents. HERR asks : What is the population of the German Empire, as most recently ascertained ?— Answer: According to the census lately taken, 45,194,172. SCHOOL GIRL writes: In regard to ihe recent royal wedding in Berlin, I read that the young couple are to live at the Marble Palace at Potsdam, Can you give me any; information about the building named ? Answer : It was built in Dutch style at the end of last century by Frederick William II. It 1 is called the Marble Palace from tbe extensive use of marble in its decorations, and contains many good specimens of ar work of the Louis Seize period. The accommodation withii is lather limited. BASHFUL wants to know whether it is advisable in good conv pany to convey cheese to the mouth with a knife '—Answer No ; cut it into 6mall pieces, place one on a piece of bread, am raise it to the mouth with the left hand. FAIRY writes : Will you tell me the meaning of throwing whiti satin slippers or shoes and rice after a departing bride am bridegroom ?— Answer : The former should be thrown by thi maidens and bachelors ; it is their farewell to the couple lea vin- their ranks. The rice should be thrown exclusively by matrons for it typifies fruitf illness, and is their welcome of the bride tt their ranks. LUMINOUS FUNGI. A constant reader -writes on this subject ai follows : ' I noticed in your last issue of the 19th instant, % paragraph headed ' Luminous Fungi.' I may say that I hav- seen dozens of them in this district; (Lake Macquarie) thej grow in damp scrubs or on rotten timber, and they emit i transparent white light. I think they are always to be seer at this season of the year. I have seen several lately in this neighbourhood. I think it quite probable that the stoekmai mentioned was correct to a certain extent in his assertions In case of this statement being doubted, I can mentior several persons who have seen this fungi on a dark night.' LUMINOUS FUNGI.— J. H, (Blacktown), sends us the following letter upon this subject :— Referring to your correspendent'f letter, re the luminous fungi, I remember when travelling home from Sydney by the road at night, many years ago, and when passing Homebush, my attention was attracted by an object shining on the opposite bank of the ro.d with a subdued light, and similar in appearance to thai from a 2amp enclosed in a ground glass globe, as there were no houses there I alighted and found it to proceed from a large plant of the mushroom kind, and which, being new to me, I took home with me. A closer inspection of it there showed nothing unusual in shape, colour, &c;, to others of the same kind. It continued to shine at nighl, though with diminished brilliancy, till quite dry ; and tho-igh this occurred some forty years ago, I do not remember during that time to have seen or heard of anything similar until your correspondent's letter recalled the circumstance to memory. G. R, FHIPPS forwards the following verses : — AUSTRALIA. The Englishman may proudly say I love my native earth. The greatest that's in history famed, the land that gave me bivih. But who can say if they have Hv'd on fair Australia's soil That there are better lands than this for those who wish to toil. Chorus — Then -welcome to these golden shores, to sunnv lands anew, Though loth to leave the friends we love, and bid the past adieu. Across the blue and mighty deep the good ship speeds along, 6to*it hearts upon the crowded deck join in harmun.ous song. We've brav'd the dangers of the deep, long live our noble crevv ! We soon fhall see Australia's shores, behold the land, in view ! Come with me to the trackless bush : but see your stee:l be .true, O'er mountain sides through winding- creeks to chase the kang troo, On open plains with well trained hounds to run the emu down ; Such f ports will bright the careworn face, or change the angry frown. When roaming through this w'.de, wide world, how many do w- find Prepare their homes in different parts, and yet are oft inelin'd For labours fresh, and journey on, their prospects to increase ! Australia bids the stranger come, and settle down in peace. COBARGO asks I. How to apply for orphan children! 2. If A, transfers his selection to B., what would be the alienation fee. not including duty stamps? Answer: Write to Mr. Hugl Kobison, the Inspector of Public Charities, or to the secretory of the Eondwick Asylum. 2. Us. 64. E. W. writes : As an old subscriber to the Mail please answe: me the following questions. 1. About the beginning of the present month the Census enumerator for this district, Redfern, left at my residence the printed forms, which I duly filled up on the 3rd instant. Up to the present date he has not called for them. Am I bound to forward them to the Registrar-General's Office ? Not wishing my family, which is a large one, to be omitted in the present Census returns if my only excuse for troubling you on this subject. 2\. Have the Government decided upon the route the Illawarra Railway is to take?— Answers : 1. You certainlyarc not bound to forward the papers to the Registrar-General's office, but it would be as well 60 to do. Address the forms to ?? John Byrom. Census Compiler, Sydney.' We presume it would not be necessary to stamp them. 2. The details of the route are not yet decided upon ; the survey is being continued. F. B. (Vegetable Creek) writes: G. W.'s husband left his home three yoars ago to look for work, and from thai time his wife has not heard anything of him. He left hie -wife and family unprovided for. Can this wife marry again ?without -any fear of the law, providing she adver tises for him) Or is there any fear of the lavs if 6he gets married again without advertising?— Answer : G. W. incurs considerable risk, should 6he marrj while there is the remotest possibility of hei husband beinj alive. In the matter of advertising, it is to be remembere- that Euch advertisements are only of use as evidence, shoul- the case go into court, that search was instituted for tin absent husband. The Crown will not prosecute G. W. foi bigamy until it^can bring conclusive evidence that her fire husband is alive. G. B. : The cost of fitting up the Orient steamship Potosi for th- conveyance of frozen meat is estimated at about £5000. PERPLEXED: Liverpool-street is situated in an 'outward' direction, and is generally an regarded as not unhealthy locality. EUNGARRIBEE : S. C. Lindley writes to us the following letter : ? 1 sec by last -week's Mail that ' Bungarribee ' asks for the native names of the butcher bird, soldier bird, and black magpie. — Answer: The butcher bird (cracticus destructor I is called by the aborigines of Western Australia Waddowad ong, but it is probable that in different parts of the colonies it would be known by various names. The native name of the black magpie I have been unable to learn. The soldier bird I do not know under that name, but if your correspon dent knows any other name by which it is called, I may be able to give him the information. CURIOUS -writes: If you nre in a position to do so would you kindly give the size of the wheel of the 8. s. Orient; that is the diameter of the circle it would make in revolving ; also the size of some of the largest wheels made, and you would greatly oblige?— Answer: The bize of the steering wheel is 2 feet C inches, nnd of the propeller 12 feet. The other ques tion we are unable to answer, perhaps some of our readers can supply the desired information. INTERESTED wishes to ascertain the number of patents issued in the United States last year ? — Answer : In the United States last year, 13,441 patents were issued ; 12,655 of these being to Americans, and 786 to foreigners. There was received during the year for patents, copies of records or drawings, and other causes, an aggregate of M9,GS5-32 dollars. D. E. H. writes : Would you kindly tell me the exact weights of our present coinage, gold, silver, and bronze ? Whitaker gives the weight of the sovereign, but no others. — Answer : A half-crown weighs new \ ox., a florin 2-5 oz., a shilling 1-5 07.., a sixpence 1-10 oz., a fourpenny-piece 1-15 ost., and a threepenny- bit 1-20 oz. Penny, halfpenny, and farthing weigh respectively ^, 1-5, and l-10th of an ounce. The fol low ing is the exact weight in grains : — Sovereigns ... 1232745 ] Fouipennj ... 29-091 Half-sovereigns ... C1.6372 Threepenny ... 21818 Half-crown ... 218182 Penny ? 145-813 Florin ? 174-545 Halfpenny ... 87-500 Shilling ? 87-273 Farthing ... 43750 Sixpence ? 43-C3G I The intrinsic value of the silver money is 22 shillings = one sovereign; of the bronze 480 pennies = one sovereign. MAHRATTA DITCHER.— 1. A sum of 10.000,000 of rupees is called a crore. 2. So far from having endorsed Mr. D. Buc'aa nan'6 'religious opinions,' we have never had sufficient curiosity to inquire what they arc. He is reported to have constructed a theology of his own, professedly based upon the teachings of the New Testament, but it does not concern us to know what that theology is. And as to divorce, all that we have advocated is, that the wife should have the same relief as the husband ; that is to say, she should not be compelled to prove cruelty in addition to adultery. You probably admit that the New Testament is not against this view. As to granting divorce on the ground of ' incompatibility of tem per ' — in other words, making the marriage contract as lojse and easily destroyed in Australia as it is in some of the Ger man and American States, we have never published a word in its favour. This aspect of the divorce question -has never been seriously discussed in tho colonies, and we imagine it will not trouble our Legislatures during this century. The sanctity of the inariiagc bond is in no present danger in any British community. PASSENGER asks: Ib there any line of steamers or sailing ships plying between Sydney and Cape Town direct, can you inf oi m me when?— Answer: No 6to»mers ply regularly, but the departures of vessels are always well advertised. The Torrens was the la&t; outward bound and sailed from Adelaide. It is much easier to get from the Cape to Australia than from Australia to the Cape, because the Orient steamers call at the Cai.e on their -way here, but not on the homeward voyage. FKET CUTTING.— Another subscriber kindly furnishes tbe following information on this subject : — The best work on Fret Cutting, &c;, is one published in New York, entitled ' Sorrento and Inlaid Work.' by Arthur Hope. This treats on sawing to a greater extent than Seaton's book, and, as I have one in jny possession, I shall be glad to let Constant Subscriber peruse it, if he will appoint a place. The best patterns arei-y those Trump, of New York, which same can, along with good Flcctwood saws, be obtained at Blackett and Davy's, Bathuist-strcct. The party who used to work the saw in the Exhibition «rfiB a Mr. D. Ellcry.and he is I believe at present in Melbourne. CAJfUAMORE asks for a cure for the little pimples which turn out Ifce fOrcEon the face J— Vnswer; Hotting will satisfactorily ' ; , ? answer vonr purpose. If yon are between the ages of 17 and : 24, it is 'not advisable to drive in the humors of the body. To - take such things as iodide of potash for outbreaks of this- ? description can scarcely be recommended. Generally these cutaneous eruptions are occasioned by an impure condition of ' the blood, and they can often be removed by the use of the - simple medicines which have the effect of purifying the blood. Better, however, consult a physician, if there is one in your - district. LIMA auks for a recipe for mixing or extracting from Bed Peruvian Bark the drug said to be a cure for drunkenness ? — - Answer: The medicinal virtues can only be extracted satis factorily by one professionally employed as a druggist or manufacturing chemist. Order through your chemist Liq. Cicchora Rubi., and he -will procure it for you at Elliott, Brothers', Sydney, BRONCHITIS asks : Where he could obtain a supply of Euphor bia Pilulifera, the Queensland cure for asthma and bronchitis! —Answer : Order through any druggist. Messrs. Elliot, . Brothers, Pitt-street, are the wholesale agents in Sydney. Directions for use accompany the packages. J. P. S. writes : 1. When in Sydney could I purchase a small eoda water making machine ? What would be the cost of same, and what would be about the cost of making soda-water, lemonade, &c;, price per gross of bottles, corks, &e.; ? ' 2\. Where could I purchase a book -with instructions bow to make cordials, such as lemon syrup, cloves, pepper mint, raspberry syrup, and such like ; if no work on the subject could you direct me how to make the same 1 3. Is there such a book giving directions how to make American drinks such as John Collins, brandy smashes, cocktails, mint julcpe, and such ? 4. What chemicals do cordial manufac turers uec for clearing water for cordials, soda water, and lemonade. I know they use something, but what it is I don't know, the water here is very muddy. 5. Is a license required for making above ? — Answer : On this subject write to Messrs. Elliott Brothers, Pitt-street 2. At George Robertson's Georgc-strcct, Lacocr on the Manufacture of Liquors, Cordials, &c;, 13s. Gd.. post free. 3. Thomas, How to Mix Drinks; Gecrgc Robertson, 12s. post free. 4. Some use alum, and others permanganate of potash.. 5. No. F. G. (Clyde River) : We can only recommend you to apply to the Lands Department. J. U. : No. Mr. Gladstone did not at any time contest Man chester. LIMA writes : In the game of poker can you give me the rela tive value of different hands ?— Answer : The following is from the best authority in Australia— Koyal Flush; next, Fours from Aces downwards ; next, Full Hand ; next, a Flush ; next, Three of any kind ; next, Two Pairs ; next, One 1'air ; next, Ace High. L. (Bombala). — We have received the following letter :— ' Genera Post Office, Sydney, 22nd April, 1881.— Referring to my com munication of the 18th February last, acknowledging the receipt of a letter submitted by you^concerning the delay in Bomliala of Sydney Mail newspapers addressed to Craigie, nnd suggesting as a remedy that the mails should leave Bom bala for Craigie on Mondays instead of Saturdays, I have the honour to state that the Bombala and Craigie time-table has been altered as desired ; and 1 forward herewith a copy, as amended, for your infonnationj— 3. H. Lamuto.v, Secretary. Time-table for the conveyanoe of mails bctweeu Bombala and Craigie, to come into operation on the 2nd May, 1881. Leave Bombala Thursday, Saturday. Monday, 6 a.m. ; arrive Craigie Monday, JO a.m.; arrive Delegate Thujsday, Saturday, Monday, 11.30' a.m. Leave Delegate Friday, Sunday, Wcd ncsdav) 10.30 a.m.; arrive Craigie Wednesday, 11.45 a.m. ; arrive Bombala Friday, Sunday, Wednesday, 3.30 p.m. M. D. T. — An answer will appear next week. A SUBSCRIBER wishes to know whether, should his buggy gc \ damaged through a collision, with a runaway horse, he can bave legal remedy and damages for expenses from the owner of the horse. — Answer : Being an accident, you cannot re cover from the owner of the runaway horse. A. B. writes : A lets premises to B at a yearly rental paid quarterly, no writings ; can B give up possession at any time in the year by giving a quarter's notice, or can A. compel B to piy rent to the end of the year ?— Anower : If B takes premises for a year he must pay rent for that year ; an agreement is an agreement. If either of the parties let the second year begin, a six months' notice must be given to determine tenancy. INQUIRER writes : Having an interest in au estate at home, I settled that interest on my wife, after marriage. Two trustees were appointed to receive the proceeds from the said estate. Have they a right to keep back and reinvest part of the income derived from the estate, and say to the lady, ' Your income is to be so much and no more !' No part of the estate has been realized; Can I cancel the settle ment ?— Answer : It depends upon the c auditions of settle ment. If pie trustees have failed in their duty, you may cancel the settlement and re- appoint trustees. FOREST writes: A owns a piece of land within 10 miles of Sydney. B owns an adjoining piece. A has made B an offer for his portion, which B refuses. A is now about to fence his land in. Is B compelled to pay any part, of the expense of a post and rail or paling fence that may be placed between the two portions of land ? — Answer : Yes ; half th.e expense. J. M. C. P.— Bryce's Comprehensive Atlas can- be procured at George Robertson's, price 10s. 6d.. AN AFFLICTED ONE.— Ibis is a somewhat complex matter. If tbe husband bad property, letters of administration should be obtained. Your wiser plan -would be tocon&ult; a solicitor on tbe subject. FKEE SELECTOR.— We are able to give you the information you desire. The decision has just been given by the Hon. the Minister tor Lands. The facts are briefly thesp :t— A free selector named John Picrse, of Bungle, near Gundagai, took up two conditional purchases, comprising in tbe aggregate 400 acies, on the 26th November, 1674, and the 3rd August, 187C, respectively. Failing to comply strictly with the conditions of the Act, the selections were, after due in quiry before the District Commissioner, forfeited to the Crown for non-residence and insufficient-improvements, and. gazetted as such on the 23rd June last year. Pterse, being naturally dissatisfied with this untoward decision, placed his casein the bonds of Mr. James Carroll, land agent, Sydney, and as a consequence, through certain representations made to the Minister by that gentleman, the case -w as a second time referred tc the District Commissioner for further in quiry in open court, which resulted, last w«ek, in the reversal of the foifeiture of both selections. KANGALOON writes: 1. A is the husband and Bthe wife B, the wife, holds a selection. When she- is married to A. docs A become the owner of the property? 2. The aforesaid selection is under Torrens' Act. Has any Act been passed in, this colony which ei.titles the husband to any property held' by his wife ? I have been informed that 6iich is the case. — Answer: 1. Certainly, unless under conditions hcreunder. 2\. Such an Act is in force ; but if the wife holds land con veyed to her separate use, with power of appointment, the husband has no interest. PLOUGHMAN.— We have referred your letter to the department to which it refers, and have also consulted a lawyer on the subject, and from both we have received answers to the effect that it is unintelligible. Write again, and put your case more clearly. K. N. P. writes : I have a hill of sale on furniture (registered) ;: how old may it be before it must be re-registcred, and what is the charge ? 2. Must 1 take it myself, or can I send it by some one else? — Answers— 1. 1:0 days. 2. 2s. 6d. ; and 3, either. N. G. writes : A. squatter kills a beast that is suffering from a cancer in the c-e. Can he compel me to use such as ration beef, and supposing I and mv family make use of it is there any danger attending it. or does the cancer in the eye affect the meat of the beast? — Answer: Being local, it is' impro bable the disease will affect the animal. Such beef is con stantly consumed. SANDSTONE writes : I wish to study geology.and have taken one 6t( p forward by reading Macmiilan's primer on the subject ; but, having got so far, I find myself unable to choose a suitable work to enable me to prosecute the study of the science further, and in this difficulty fly to you for assistance. K,. sir, you can recommend an inexpensive text-book upon this scier.ee, I Ehall feel very much obliged. — Answer : Any of the following -works would suit you:— 1. Lyell's Elements of Geology ; 2 and 3. Page's Introductory and Page's Advanced Text-Books of Geology. T. B. asks where he can buy in Sydney a copy of the English Racing Calender for 1881. — Answer: We believe the work is not to be had in Sydnej. Write to Mr. George Robertson,. George-6treet, and he will, if possible, get or order you a copy. Its price is As. post free. 