THE QUEEN OF HEAVEN. In almost all the mythologies- of ancient times, whether in the east or in the west; there was a female divinity— a goddess whose motherhood was worshipped.. In one mythology it waB Astarte, of the Assyrians; in another, it was Ashtoreth, of th'e Sidonians ; in another, it was Bawaney, of the Hindoos. . In the classic mythology of Greece and Rome, eclectic aB it was, there was a VenuB adopted from the one, and a Juno from the other. It is said that the image of Diana of the Ephesians was that of a female, from whose body, in every part, there seemed to be issuing all the various animals of creation, symbolizing the conception and production of all things. The Egyptians on one hand, and the Etruscans on the other, had their Isis, the same symbol— a female divinity whom they regarded as " the mother of the gods." Even the Scandinavian mythology had its Freigha ; and of the two great systems of religion that prevailed in the Roman Empire, Judaism and the classic mytho- logy, the latter styled Juno " the Queen of Heaven ;" and the former, when corrupted by the admixture of the heathenism around it, was charged by the prophet Jeremiah: with having also its" Queen of Heavem'- Jerem. vii. 18, xliv. 17. This Divinity, in ;all the systems, had a mysterious and indefinite position. We do not believe that in -any of them she was; considered as actually suprenie. .Her! power and province were left very much ; to, the imaginations . or feelings of her .votaries;- and it would, -seem as if it. wfis; an element, congenial with call natural; religious- systems, as ; .answering some! impulse or feeling in the fallen and natural: heart, that there should be the embodi ment of some , such idea: — the symbol of the creation and production of all things,, enthroned among., the Gods,, as the Queen; of Heaven. ,Tho only charge we make; against) (the Church, .of , Rome i is, ;that— perhaps, with ;the apparently . politic object i of facilitating the adoption of. .Christianity; by. , , Pagan nations— she; accommodated herself to that element ; and i tendency of beatheriism, instead ..of h;, imitating the; Prophet Jeremiah in denouncing . this worship among the Jews— instead of following the Apostle Paul Jn- opposing it among the Gentiles— instead : of counter acting this tendency of ,, the, people , of the Roman Empire, she! rather; encouraged it ; and with the zealous, but we tlunk short sighted policy we have mentioned, of inducing a more rapid and extended ^pro fession of Christianity, she allowed.1 the Easterns to accept the Virgin in the place of Astarte — their previous Queen of Heaven ; and the Westerns to reverence Mary instead of J uno,the Queen of Heaven they had previously worshipped ; and we think it is not the least startling fact connected with this matter, that the two favourite titles ascribed to Mary in the Church of Rome, and which are to be found in almost all her devotional books at the present day — namely, "the Queen of Heaven," and " Mother of God " — are the very same titles ascribed to their female divinity — thegoddessof theancients. She was entitled in the East, the Mother of the Gods ; and in the West, the Queen of Heaven. But, however it originated, there is no doubt that Mary is now as much recog nised and worshipped in the Roman Church, as was the Queen of Heaven in the widely- extended Roman Empire. In all its essential elements, the Roman Empire and the Roman Church — the Pagan Rome and the Papal Rome — are in accord in this matter. The transfer to Mary of all the devotion previously paid to Juno, Astarte, Ashtoreth, or Isis, could hardly alter the nature ot' the thing ; and we can scarcely believe that with all the subtle distinctions theoretically drawn by theologians of the Church of Rome, in actual practice the popular worship , of Mary leads to less practical idolatry than that of Juno or Isis among the ancient Pagans. There are persons in Italy and Spain who freely and readily admit much of this ; and say that the prevalence of this concep tion of a female divinity among so many ancient mythologies, was, as it were, the dispersed and scattered element of a coming truth — a sort of all-pervading pro phecy or anticipation of a future reality— and that all was to be fulfilled in the exaltation of the Virgin Mother.1 They imagine, that as the promise of a' Messiah was once universally spread among the families of Noah, and as it passed by tradition through many generations ; so the woman, through whom He was to come, became a hope, a creation in their mytho logies, and was thus the great archetype of all those female divinities of the heathen world. Persons who believe this, argue that when the nations lost all knowledge of the true God, and created false gods for their worship, and worshipped them in His stead; their idolatry consisted nob in their worshipping of idols or images, but in the worshipping of false gods ; and, in like manner, the idolatry of the heathen was; not .their worshipping a female divinity/ but in worshipping those that were false, instead of her who is revered as the only true one — even Mary. This view of the subject is a favourite one in countries where Mary is worshipped, not, indeed, in name and title, as a goddess, but with all the. same reverence and devotion, in service and worship, as if she were a goddess. There can be no question as to the fact, that in those countries she is the divinity, prayed to more frequently, loved more fervently, worshipped more devoutly, and depended on more entirely than God the Father, the Son, or the Holy Spirit. Whether the Church of Rome approves of this, is another question; but, of the matter' of fact, there can be no doubt. The answer which they usually give on! this subject is, that they do not worship; Mary as a goddess, or as u divinity, hut. they regard her as a creature, the most' exalted of all, even as Queen of angels and; of men, but a creature still— that they feel ; as strongly as ourselves the heinous sin of giving divine worship to a creature ; but! they give to her a different worship, an inferior1 worship, to that which they give; to God. And,' inasmuch as they do not worship her as a god or a goddess, they, say ; they are not liable to the charge of idolatry, which, in their view, consists in giving to a creature that kind/ and degree, of worship which belongs only to the Creator/ J But wherein consists the practical, differ ence bbtweeh the worship paid to Mary and tlie worship rendered to God J The offering prayer —the presenting hymns of praise— the making solemn vows— the consecratibh of the' votaries. to her service —the devoting gifts anfl offerings! of wealth— the dedication of children— the sacrifice of the i Mass— the trusting to her in the hour of death— all' these are' done : to Mary/ or in honour of Mary, as wellasto God/ and Jn honour of G'od; JTliey pray . to her :'by her suffering beneath the, 'cross. Theyplea'd.her' merits even as they!. 'do those of -Jesus ChristJ "lihreih , ihen, consists the distinction in the Church of Romb between the practical worship!' paid to'-Mary-and the worship', paid jo'God? The" general answer is, that there are two great points of distinction, and that they are so marked , as to place the two kinds qf , worship as ; wide' apart as the poles. - The first . is, that they never pi ay through the merits of Mary, but only through the ' merits of Christ; pleading not the merits of a creature, but only the merits of Christ. And, secondly, that they never pray to Mary, as it she could grant any blessings of herself ; but only to exert her influence with Jesus Christ, that He may grant the petition. They state that they never pray for anything hy her merits or ask her to do anything by her own power. This is a statement of fact, and must be examined like every assertion of fact, and accepted or rejected according to the evidence. Let us lay aside the private statements or practices of individuals, and look at the devotional books in use in the Church of Rome — the authorized formularies of that Church.) We have now before us the four volumes of the Roman Breviary, in each of which, p. exxxv., may be found the. Offices of the Blessed Virgin, " Officium Beatse Marise in Sabbato ; Officium Parvo B.M. ; Officium B.M. in Adventu." In these offices we find several times repeated, pp. 136, 151, and 159, the following prayer, : . — " May the Lord conduct us to the king - dom of heaven, by the prayers and merits of the Blessed ever Vtryin Mary, and all the Saints. Amen." Let us now turn to the Missal. In the service of the Mass, the priest bows before the altar and prays thus — " We beseech thee, O Lord, by the merits of thy Saints, whose relics are here, and of all the Saints, that thou wouldest vouchsafe to forgive me all my sins. Amen." . < . In the Missal, published in England, for the use of the laity. (1836, p. 527) there is the following prayer, .to be used in a votive Mass: — " O God, who, by the ' most glorious Mother of thy Son, was pleased to appoint a new order in His Church for delivering the faithful out of the hands of the infidels, grant, we beseech Thee, that we also may be delivered from the slavery of the devil, by her merits and prayers, whom we devoutly honour in the instruction of so charitable a work." The following is the form of absolution, as given in the "Ursuline Manual," a book in very general use among the Reman Catholics both in England and Ireland :— "M!ay our Lord Jesus Christ absolve thee from every bond of excommunication or interdict ; as far as I have power, and thou hast need. I, therefore, absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name of . the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. May the passion of our Lord Jesus Christ, the merits of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and of all the saints, may whatever good thou shalt do, and whatever evil thou shalt suffer, be to thee. unto the remission of sins, the increase of grace, and the recompense of life everlasting. Amen." Such instances might be . multiplied almost indefinitely. They seem to set at rest the question as to whether Roman Catholics are taught to pray through the merits of the Virgin Mary. We, of course, do not mean, to say that they do nob also trust in the merits of Christ ; but we do say, that such prayers are dishonouring to' the mei-its of the Saviour/ and revolting. to the spirit of true Christianity. -Nob ; content with : the infinitely preciouswim'is of Christ; they require, also, the merits of Mary, as if the merits of Jesus Christ were not adequate, without pleading . t ho .merits of Mary also —as if the Creator needed the assistance of any creature, however exalted, to com pleto his work. Bui there is a. second assertion, that though they pray to Mary, it is only for her intercession ; and that they, never sup pose that she has any power, or can herself ! .do anything, but only that she. intercedes ; for those who pray to her. ; N ; This, likewise, is a question of fact, and must be determined, not by the statement ; of any individual as to his own. belief or practice, but by evidence. V The ovidence is abundant; the only difficulty is in selection : 1 and our space at present compels us to be brief.' 1 ' , In the " Brief Account ;of 'Indulgences conferred on the Ordei of the Virgin -Mary of 'Mount Carmel (p. : 13), occurs the following passage :— , J //v o, ;V;"The affection of an-, earthly .mother hears.no proportion to that of' the Virgin, whb, to bIiow herself truly the : mother of those; who wear! Her hdly 'seapijar/ did hpb rest j full .satisfiedwith! having ; preserved them from bodily harm; and kept them1 out ! j. Publish'ecl by/Richardson , (9; Capel-atieet Diiblm / i172'iEleet-Btreet,London as're vised' andjJapprpvedbyjja Jprolate,;pf /the Carmelite orden" ' ' Ed.. Dublin, 1826. of hell, as far as lies in her, through the. . mediation of her powerful protection, but also promised as a truly loving mother, noit enduring the sight of her dear and beloved children suffering in the flames of Purgatory, that she wquld free them as aoon. as possible, particularly on the first Saturday after their death, as being a day . set aside for her honour, and bring them to eternal joy in paradise." 'That this is not by way merely of prayer to God or intercession with her Son to freB him from Purgatory, but by her own personal act, is put beyond dispute by the words of the Bull of Pope John XXII., bearing date March 3, 1322, generally known as " The Sabbatine Bull." As this may: be unknown to many of our readers, we transcribe the words of -it, which they may also see,, given verbatim, in the " Devotion to our Lady of. Mount Carmel" (p. 17.) "One day thaiPope John XXII. had, as usiiaV risen very' early, to pour, forth1 bis'soul in prayer, being on' his knees, .in a , kind '.of ecstaoy, the Queen of Heaven, the comfort, of the afflicted, appeared to bim surrounded with supernatural light, and wearing the Carmelite habit, and spoke thusto: him— 'John, vicar of my Son, it is to me you . are indebted for your exaltation to the dignity which you enjoy, iu consequence of my solicitations in your behalf with my Divine Son,' and as ' t have delivered you from the snares of yourtenemies, so do I expect that you will give ample and favourable confirmation, of the holy Carmelite order, which was first instituted on Mount Carmel, and which, descending from.- Elias and Eliseus, has been' always particularly devoted to me. . . . And if among the Religious or Brethren of the Confraternity,' who depart, out of this life, there shall be any who for their sins have, been cast into Purgatory, I, their glorious Mother, toill descend in the midst of them, into Purgatory, - on the Saturday, . after their death, ; andj take them up to the holy mountain, in the' happy regions of eternal life." This Bull- was confirmed, in 1412, by Pope Alexander i V7.,, by another Bull, which commences," Tenore.cujusdam p'rivi-. legii ; and, again, by Pope Clemenfc-VIIv,. in 1524, in the Bull " Delecti filiij" which, after recounting the indulgences and privi leges given to',; the Carmelites, continues thus— " And; on their, departure from,'t!iis' life, the glorious'' Virgin iMother: of ' God herself will, 6h.Ythe :\$ate the death of the members, whether brother, monks or sister nuns, -visit them '.and: free their souls from ',the ' punishment of Pur-; gatory:" Pins . v; conferred 'the ' same ,priv i-. leges, .in. a Bull, , " Superna v.diapbsitione," . dated 18th 'February, ;1566, sand. Pope Gregory XIIIv, in- the Bully " Ufclaudes;''" lSth September,1 1577; The same . state ments are reiterated, in a, work, r. entitled the" Wonders i ofy. God," published, -r witlir authorityj at'-Rome itselfy in 1841y under the pontificate of Pope Gregoiy XVI., vol. ii., p. 31. . -.. -Here, then, we; have no private state ment, but the Bull of- one Pope confirmed' by four other Bulls, from" four subsequent Popes, and republished,: by authority,, at Romey so late as 1841, , teaching,, that ,the- Virgin Mary herself visits Purgatory every Saturday, and releases certain' privileged- persons. . . ' : 