A U N T H f i P S J ' S F O U N D L I N G . 3TMB& LBfTH ADAMS, Author of "Madelon Lwnow*" "Wiaatowe," «* My bud of BeaUh," " Mabel Meredith * Lo»e Stacy," tee., ka. CHAPTER XXIII. " WHAT AILS THAT LA»* MIKE 1" The holidays to which Walter Trevenick had looked forward like a school-boy, «nd whose approach - he had longed to record school-boy fashion oa a notched stick, were nearly orer—ao nearly th.it only one more day of them remained before the young student most sail across the sea at the call of Alma Mater, Looking back upon the days spent in the land he loved, Walter was fain to acknowledge to his own heart there had been something lacking. He had been like a thinly man looking forward to a draught of wine, and then, lo ! when the goblet was drained aome looked-for fulness of-flavour waa wanting. He would have found it hard, had he tried, to put into words the exact definition oi this something wanting. The summer just on the wane, when he first came -to -Gods, ville had been one ofe xceptional beauty— Mapledown had looked fair in ita dress of greenery—fairer still iff" its robe of autumn tints. Hia mother, that perfect triend and dear companion, had. given him without stint her loving neverfailing sympathy—had proved herself over and over again even more wonderful in. her powers of appreciating and entering into a man's work in the world of letters than he had supposed her. Besides, had there not been "Missy Jeva," bis old playmate, that may-flower ot the Canadian woods, than which no lSngUshrosfe had every yet seemed fairer or sweeter in ;hk tyes. . : - Yea: yet it had been Jeva—with a difference. An Americaniiaiden like Aunt Hepsy's foundling fcouli never be otherwise than single minded, frank, ^d iearleaa—could never fall into that" slough ofdespond," an unreal affectation of needless prudery. No, that waa impossible 4 ;You might a8 well try to fancy the buds'in the woods she loved taking to sing out; of tune. But yet some intangible thing had come between Walter and the " little Banshee" he had found long years ago crying heart oat tinder the laurel-bushes. Their first meeting, after Walter's arrival at home, took place in the kitchen of the old farm. She waa standing by the window' with her hands-lightly folded drooping against her drees. When she saw him standing in the door-way with the old bonnie smile lighting up his eyes and ' hia hands outstretched in greeting, Jeva went quickly forward a atop or two —then stopped as if thrown back upon herself by some swift stinging thought. A moment more and her two hands met his; but Walter had seen that passing hesitation, and, as he looked wistfully at the sweet face that aeemed to have grown older than the time that had passed since last he saw it could quite account for, the Boft eyes meeting his grew bright with rising teats. "Jeva," he said, not letting her go, though the strove to take away her hands, Are yon not glad to see me V « Glad r she said, " Ah, Walter, when , was I not glad to see you ! Who is there ao good, .to very good to me as yon are, In all the world V' i She hated herself the very next moment for the utterance of the words; for did they not seem, to hold a shadow of disloyalty to that other—the man' who iad ' brought to her the keenest happiness, the cruellest sorrow her life had ever known ? She had net meant to speak so: the words had been wrong from her without her mil, or so'it seemed—for looking in Walter's face, meeting the candid eyes _ that were suxe}V the very homes of truth itself, feel-, ing the hearty, honest clasp of the hands that had guided her'faltering feet so often in past years, Jeva for the first time realized,in its fullness the bitterness/the wrong, the fcin of that concealment that ChriWy Gaynn had imposed upon her as the aign.and'seal of her love for him. Aa the two stood thus, Walter unable wholly toooiiceBl the amaze of finding the girl so strangely altered, Jeva struggled to keep back the tears that strove to rise nnder his questioning look—the sound of uncertain, halting steps was heard, and Aunt Hepey appeared at the foot of the stairway. / " It ia Master Walter," she said eagerly, " I know voice—I cannot see as well as I could" ahe went on, putting out her hand in that pitiful groping fashion that waa to Walter ao strange a thing to see ? " but I bid you welcome." He had crossed the room to her aide, taken her hand and led her to a chair near the window, by the time she had done speaking. He'thought he understood everything well enough now. This then waa the trouble that had so changed poor, pretty Jeva. . . . "I'm getting to be a helpless old woman," mid Miss Hephzibah in the old harsh voice, and not without something of the old defiant manner; " but I can knit a good lot, and maybe see better than people think," she continued, her head beginning to tremble as she spoke. Walter still kept the hard hand in which the purple vieirn were traced like net-work, in his; but his eyes were turned on Jeva. " Poor child!" he thought, " this is the first real trouble she has ever known, and it is hard to bear. AH time went on and he saw more of bis old playmate, he wondered many times and oft at the change that this touch of sorrow had wrought in her; the girlish brightness, the playful love of fun that had made Jeva seem still a child when childish days were past, were gone; or, if they gave a sudden and uncertain flicker, were but aa the ghosts of their former selves. Naturally the girl was much tied to her home duties nowadays, and therefore Walter saw less of her than he had done on any of his previous visits to Goda ville. He was too noble-minded and largehearted a to harbour so mean a thing as jealousy, and would have mourned indeed to see Jeva fall short of that full perfection he loved to note in her, but when they did chance to get a quiet time together—it was not like the real good times of past days; not like the dear old times when he used to think the girl's mind was like some rich, rare blossom gradually opening out into the fulness of beauty—when she told him all her thoughts and aspirations, spoke to him of the books she read, and charmed him with her quaint and lovely ideas of all the possibilities of life. In thoBe past days he aeemed to read the fair reflection of his mother's tone of thought and feeling in the mind of the girl she had loved and watched over aa a woman loves and leads her own child, seeking more and more self-culture that she may have the more to impart. Now—Jeva was gentle, always that— interested in her old friend's University career—proud of his success—glad to confide to him her anxieties about Aunt Hepsy's "trouble;" but amid all these, there was one subject she never touched upon, and that was—herself. Too true a gentleman to try, even in the smallest degree, to set foot within a sanctuary across whose threshold a barrier was set by a woman's will, Walter ceased to touch upon the girl's personal life. Perhaps he nad hardly known himself how all his hopes were garnered up in this Bweet nature, the outcome of MB mother's training,- until, like a searing touch, the thought crossed his mind that perchance its sweetness might not be for him, For whom then "! There were farmers' sons in plenty in and around Godeville, and tradesmen's SOBS, born to the high destiny of keeping flourishing store* in High-street, or mayHe even in that modern Babylon, St Rnthven's—men who would doubtless be glad to woo and win the wiusome lassie whom report Baid Miss Hephzibah meant to make her ber heiress; but to such as these; Missy Jeva, the girl who had been Mrs. Trevenick's friend and companion, had no more affinity than if they were so many brown- skinned Indiana from the village on the other side the river. No ! Walter could think of no hand likely to be stretched forth to pluck this gracious flower of maidenhood that had grown up under his mother's fostering care; he could find no possible rival in Godsville, even in his " mind's eye." It must be, he thought, that in her simple candid heart she had read his more clearly than he had imagined, and, too truly womanly to lead him even one step on towards heights of hope that could never become realities, had set the barrier of her will against that nearer and closer interchange of thought, that perfect, unrestrained companionship of heart and mind for which he craved. And now the time had come when he must go back to his work. He must go fiom Jeva's side with an unsatisfied longing at his heart that had BO far spent itself in vain. Maybe that a sad-eyed ghost whose name is regret, might haunt him, coming between him and the " learning of the schools"—watching him as he bent over some abstruse volume in the atfll hQura of the night,'and forcing Mm, against his will, to meet his yearning gaze. Bat what of that ? His life's work lay before him and he must tackle it like a man. Not without much self- denial on his mother's part had his present grand opportunities of culture and distinction been given him; and therefore was he more bound than another man to make good 'use of every hour, taking time by the forelock, garnering in the golden grain of knowledge, and in a day to come, laying the rich ripe sheaves at her dear feet, and saying, " See—you did not strive for me in Tain !" Because one part of the life within us seems doomed to remain unsatisfied, that is no reason why we Bhould lay down the rest in spiritless deBpair ; because God has withheld His sunshine from one spot in the garden of our hearts, that is no reason why we should refuse to see the beauty of the flowers that bloom elsewhere. Walter had " dreamed dreams and seen visions" of the touch of Jeva's lips on his, of the dainty head with its wealth of rippled locks laid back in restful tenderness upon his breast—of taking up bis wel)-beloved toil in England once more, brightened by the thought of that dear love of his so far away and yet so near in sympathy with him, and aspirations for him, ana in every end and aim of his life. ' He had fanned die coming of a letter now and then—a welcome messenger from a far-off land where dwelt the two dearest to him on earth—a letter to be read and re-read, and then placed in that sacred hoarding-place, the leaves of the Bible that had been his father's—the book that his mother had given him when he left her sjde, to face the temptations of the world, foom which she had no better shield to give him than her love, and the love of God and right. All these things had Walter fancied; but in so doing he had but dwelt in airy caaties—'cloud towers by ghostly masons wrought"—those ready-handed masons, his own •ardent thoughts and wishes, Jeva loved him, trusted him, had grown 'up from her baby-days to look to him for help and comfort in every little trouble that beBet her: it was for him, he thought, to use his man's prerogative and teach her to love still better—to love with the love that is like no other.. '.' But it was not to be. 1 That intangible, yet all-powerful barrier, a woman's wOl, came between Walter and his dream. They two—the two who had wandered many a . mile hand in hand in the days that were past—who had shared many a "realgood time" together, and many a bad one too—these two were old playmates, firm friends, trusty comrades, and —nothing more. The day of Walter's departure was near at hand, and the good time he had looked forward to with all a hoy's buoyancy and all a man's passion^ had come and gone, and ,was now even " as a tale that is told." * As a child counts the bright beads that are its dear possession, Walter had counted these days at the old home in the far west and now only one remained for him. It was to be a "white day" at all events, for Jeva was coming to spend it at Mapledown. He met her at the garden gate as she came in* He would lave liked to think that the pallor of her cheeks, the weary look in her eyes, were signs of sorrow for his going. But he was not such a mad fool as to deem them so, even for one passing moment. When was the fair cheek not pale—when were the sweet eyes not sad—in these latter days ? Mrs. Trevenick, standing'at her chamber window, watched the two figures coming slowly up the avenue side by side. The shadow of the morrow's parting was in the mother's eyes, and another and yet deeper shadow in her heart. For Bhe read her darling's secret, and now, watching the two pace slowly homewards side by side—he so tail and Bturdy, she so fair and slender, graced with all grace to grace a gentlewoman—it was borne in upon Mrs. Trevenick that though by care and Belf- denial, by ceaseless mother-love and thought, she could buy many of life's beat gifts for the son she loved, there was one thing she was heiress to win for him, and that was—a woman's heart. Love must be a free gift freely given— the kingdom of a woman's heart rauBt be self-surrendered to a chosen monarch— none can conquer that imperial possession for another. Women can read each other better than a man can read them; and Mrs. Trevenick knew that there would have been a better chance for Walter in the end if Jeva had been less frank and free, lesB out-spoken as to her affection for hiifl, love in its deepest aspect is not wont to dower a woman's tongue with much eloquence of expression—rather the reverse'; for will it not oft-times falter in the utterance of a name that grows too sacred and too dear for lavish use ? " Perhaps it is as well Walter should go,", thought the mother as (Bhe turned from the window ; " maybe it is the only chance. . . • It is good for us to miss a thing sometimes to learn its value. . . . Jeva has had heavy trouble of late, and Walter has the same gift of comforting those in sorrow as—his father had." And yet, even as she said to her own heart that it was well " the boy" should go,'she caught her breath and a mist came across her sight. How silent the house in the woods was wont to seem to her ears without the sound of his step, and his voice, without all the sounds of his comings and goings, his cheery call to the old house-dog, hiB whistling of some wellknown melody as he came or went, all the every-day common-place sounds that were music to her ears because they told of his near presence ! . . . Still, it was best " the boy" should go—she was sure, very sure of that. " I am glad you could come to us today," said Mrs. Trevenick when the two women were alone ; " it is Walter's last day at home." ' " Yes, I know," said Jeva " I had it in my mind to think that maybe you and he would be best alone—not but what I wanted to see Walter very much of course. . . . " " Since when have you ceased to be one of ' ourselves,' child ?" There was something in Mrs. Trevenick's voice as ahe uttered that last word, that brought Jeva to her side. I might answer, ' since wheu were • you not kind and loving to me,' but that is no reason why I should not remember now and then," Mrs. Trevenick laid her haud against the girl's lips. ".fcemeniber nothing, Jeva, except that you are dear to me as my very own child —and now tell me about things at the Farm. What about this Uncle Dan—do you like him.—is it a comfort to you having him with you ?" " He is a dear," said Jeva with a smile ; I love him already—lie is just the kindest, tenderest-hearted old man in the world, and all the time he tries to make himself out nothing but a 'man of business" with no heart at alL" " Then he bears a family resemblance to his sister, at all events in character—eh J Jeva." "Yes; and they both try to make believe they are not a bit anxious «r troubled about this visit to the oculist at St. Buthven's—even when Aunty's hands are trembling so she can hardly hold her knitting-pins, and Uncle Dau has "dust" upon his spectacles whenever they speak of it for more than fire minutes at a time." " When are you going, dear ]" As she spoke, lira. Trevenick's hand touched Jeva's. All along ahe thought the girl inclined to be morbid about Miss Hemy's " trouble," and now she quite dreaded the ordeal of this journey to the town.for her. • •:' I hardly know, it seems to me like this—Aunty has but little hope that the oculist can do her any. good, and so she clings to the comfort of uncertainty,, and keeps putting off our journey on this pretence or that. I think she longs more than any of us can tell-from her quiet' ways to see again—more than ever since her brother Dan has come. The othernight she came up behind him as he sat by the Btove, and passed her hand over bis hair. " Is it grey, Dan ?" she said to him, and he laughed and said, "yes, almost white." * It Used to be flaxy,' Bhe said, 'it used "to Bbine like gold when you ran down the villiage .atreet in the sunshine—it shouldn't be white yet, Dan, for I'm well ahead of you, you know; people used to call me your little mother when our mother died and I had tlie minding of you.' Uncle Dan got up and went out, and I saw that Aunty fancied I had gone too, for she put her two hands together and bowed her head upon them, and I heard her say, 1 Lord, that I may receive my sight!'" Here Jeva stopped a moment, and then she added with a wistful look at her friend: " O how beautiful it will be if her prayer is granted—at last I" " Do not count upon it too much, I do not think Dr. Gregson is hopeful," said Mrs. Trevenick, in that calm resolute way that made hard truths seem easier to listen to from her than from other people. " Why, Jeva," she went on, thinking it well to change the subject, " I do believe this will be your first visit to St. Buthven's, little stay-at-home that you a are ! What a great deal you will have to see!" Jeva was silent. Her eyes looked dreamily across the exquisitely-tinted landscape, bathed in autumn sunlight, to where the woods, gleaming with crimson and gold and every delicate delicious shade of ruddy brown and tender rose, showed clear against the sky. Yes—she would in truth have " a great deal to see" in the town that stood at the mouth of the mighty, beautiful river—but that "great deal" was comprised and bound up in one dear hope alone—the hope of seeing Christy Glynn. CHAPTER XXIV. THE <f COTJLUf." The " white day," the day that was Walter's last day at home, passed on pleasantly enough. Mother and son, and the girl who was as " one of themselves," wandered under the gorgeous painted trees, treading on a carpet of leaves hardly less gorgeous than those that clustered overhead. Then, the two women, glad of the warmth of the cherry wood-fire as the day wore on, sat at their work while Walter read aloud. Calm, happy, homelike would the little group have looked to any one glaricing in through the. crimson-draped window. Yet under that quiet picture life was playing A terrible game of cross-purposes, and in two hearts passion was warring, while in the third troubled thoughts came and went. For once in her life Mrs. Trevenick failed to follow clearly the sense of what Walter read. There was a thrill in " the boy's" voice, and a wistful pleading in the blue eyes, that were now her sole earthly heaven ; and the mother's heart knew what both look and tremor meant. In and out like a tiny shining shuttle flew Jeva's needle—the brown head was bent low—the firelight glittered on the golden threads that glittered here and there, tipped the ripples of her hair, as light catcheB the edges of the tiny wavelettes in a summer sea. The book they had been reading was finished and laid aside. Shadows began to flicker on the walls—the day was dying, and the birds in the bushes outside were beginning to sing their nightly evensong. "I cannot Bee to work any longer," said Mrs. Trevenick. " Jeva, you will tire your eyeB stitching by firelight, and there is the clatter of Susan's cups and saucers; that means tea, and then we will have some music." Her heart was full; the boy's last day at home was coming to a close, and those birdB outside might as well have been chanting a requiem for any comfort their tuneful song brought to her ears. Susan, understanding every phase of her mistress's existence, and knowing as no one else could the days of uncomplaining grief that always followed Master Walter's going, saw fit to wear a most melancholy countenance on the present occasion, and placed the crisp biscuit and yellow egg-cake on the table as though she were furnishing forth a repast of " funeral baked meats." In fact, general spirit of depression was creeping over the little party, which Mrs. Trevenick perceiving, hastened to endeavour to dispeL Walter's remembrances of home must all be happy ones so far as she could make them so; he must not even be permitted to divine how lonely was her own heart, how silent and empty the house would Beem to her when he waB gone. The night, with its fitful moon and light drifting clouds, its world of shadowy swaying branches dropping their lovely freight of leaves here and there as they swung to the wind, was shut out ; and lamp and firelight, mingling in one soft radiance, made the room cosy. Mrs. Trevenick talked of many things ; of a letter from Mrs. Kearney received only that morning, and containing the news of Daisy's betrothal to a young fellow in the battery of artillery then stationed at St. Buthvens. It was strange, new happiness to her, wrote Patrick Kearney's widow, this new tie that had come into Daisy's life—"it was like living her own life over again," After this the conversation in some way or other drifted to Lady Laura Brabazon and her son Yal, and Jeva's soul seemed all at once to rush into her ears and there stand sentinel. What more natural than the transition from "Val to his friend, Captain Glynn 1 But there was not much for love to feed upon in Mrs, Trevenick's passing mention of Val's oitw C>I<J. To her, Christy Glynn was only one of a type of men of which she had seen and known many ; a type very common in every branch of the Service— a tall, soldierly man with polished manners, and a clear-cut, high-bred face, attractions by no meanB new to her, and from their Similarity malting little or no impression on her mind. It was perhaps aa well that neither Walter nor his mother chanced to notice Jeva ;it the momeut of this passing and casual reference to Christy Glyna ; for the very Eouud of his name drove the colour from her cheek, while beneath the shelter of the table her hands grasped each other with nervous force ; and it was only when Mrs. Trevenick had launched into an amns : ng account of Lord Brougham's adventures with Susan, the cat, and the plate-shelf, that she recovered herself. " There is time for us to liaye a little music before you go home," said Mrs. Trevenick, as Susan disappeared with the last trayful of tea-things ; and soon from 1 the little alcove which we have spoken of before aa running out from the larger room, came the sweetest sounds of harmony. Mrs. Trevenick's touch upon the piano was marvellously clew and soft, and Walter's violin-playing had all that passion without which music is but a lifeless form. George Trevenick had been proud of his wife's musical talents, and'was himself one of those true lovers of the art for whose cultivated ear every note of true harmony has a voice and language; hence it came about that when death took him from her side the widowed woman for a time shrank from the thought of letting her fingers touch the keys. She locked up her piano —feeling that with the spirit of this man she.s'o entirely and passionately loved all the mufic of her life had fled, and that to her, henceforth, even the sweetest melody could l>ting only pain. But the discipline of life taught her the lesson of a more chastened grief. She had that young life to live for—she had "the boy" to think of : and so, the quiet home among the woods grew once more sweet with the old melodies—and as time passed on Walter developed the same intense love for and appreciation of music as his father had always possessed in such a high degree. Now—the. graceful intricacies of one of Haydn's sonatas filled the room with sweetest sounds; the two instruments seemed to speak like living things, each answering and mingling with the other like two souls attuned in unison. Even in the brightest and gayest of Hadyn's music there is a subtle ring of Badness. Perhaps this underlying plaint spoke to the mother's heart, filled as it was with the thought of parting now so near, and still more deeply troubled by the thought that Walter had failed in attaining to the fulfilment of hiB heart's desire. Be this as it may, Mrs. Trevenick, at the conclusion of the sonata, rose quickly from her seat and left the room. Susan, catching the rustle of her mistress's dress upon the stairs, and hearing the door of the room above close softly, shook her head for several minutes without stopping. " I know'd it—" Bhe said, giving way to a habit of self- communing that caused the house-dog many anxious moments as being supposed to have reference to probable burglars or possible rats, and always caused him to rouse himself from Blumber and nit up on end with his ears in wonderful state of vigilance. I lenow'd it! She's grieving her heart out, iB the mistress, over Master Walter's goin'; and Til be gettin' a turn ever so many times this next week or ao by seein' her come in just fit to drop from walking the aorrer off. O ! I knows the ways of her: I'm mighty down-hearted myself about the young master going: I've broke two plates and a sauce-boat yesterday—and to-day—that's always the way with me when I'm troubled in my mind— things slips through my fingers like anything ; if this sort of upsetting went on for long, we wouldn't have a dish or a cup and saucer left to bless ourselves with. Lie down — can't you," she added viciously to the dog, "and don't be sniffing all about the place like that— there's nothing uglier than yourself aatir to- night." It was some relief to Susan to speak sharply to the dog, for from above came the sound of light but regular .footsteps— up and down, up and down. " Ay—that's her," said poor faithful Susan, "she's beginning to walk the sorrer off already !" To throw her apron over her head and sit there by the stove a shrouded figure of woe, seemed to Susan the fittest outward sign of an entire sympathy with her mistress's present mood. The dog evidently thought thb a most uncanny proceeding on the part of his companion, for, though he rolled himself up in a furry ball, he kept giving short smothered barks within himself atintervala, and glancing up uneasily at the veiled form beside him. Meanwhile, inthe room beyond, neither Walter nor Jeva spoke. The girl was sitting on a low chair beside the fire, one hand shading her eyeB, the other lying idly in her lap. Of what was she thinking ? Music haB a potent spell for afullheart; thoughts that come and go, misty undefined things, sadneBB that at the call of life's daily duties must be thrust aside and covered upas smouldering embers that may not break into flame, take form and semblance as we listen. What we dare not say for ourselves, even to the heart that beats so low within our own breasts, seems suddenly written up before our mental sight in letters of fire. While those sweet mingled strains have filled the room, Jeva in thought has been away in the quiet woods. . . . she has heard the soft babble of the brook, tinkling over the pebbles and whispering by the grasses. She has seemed to listen intently with a joy that is half afraid of itBelf ; and then A voice breaks the silence; one word makes that woodland nook a glorious enchanted world ; " Jeva"—and she turns —her whole soul shining in her eyes, to meet the shining of his, bright with the fire of passion, soft with the radiance of tenderness. Thus far Jeva Btrayed into dreamland as the music played on, a web of harmony woven with sweet thoughts, and here and there weird, with some strangemelodious discord of notes that seemed like a cry of regret. AB Mrs. Trevenick passed from the room, Jeva came back to the actual world about her ; but the real felt to lack charm after the ideal—dreaming was sweeter, she thought, than waking: why had the music ceased 1 Music, like a heavenly messenger, takes us gently by the hand and leads UB into that shadowy fancy-land where our footsteps fain would linger. It had but ceased for awhile ; for first one snatch of melody and then another came from the strings touched by Walter's cunning hand. A wild Hungarian air by Brahm, a tangle of sound beneath winch ran the rhythm of a maddening refrain, like the passionate memory of a lost love crying out to the heart in the midst of the hurry and battle of life; then the tender dropping notes of one of Moore's melodies— music that speaks to us as might some dear familiar voice recalling pleasant hours that are past; after this a silence— broken at last by a long drawn note, and a few uncertain sounds that finally resolved themselves into the " Coulin," a plaint surely wrung from Irish hearts in olden days, crushed beneath the cruel tyranny of the Sachenach. The spirit of lamentation breathes in each rise and fall of the simple, yet infinitely pathetic melody; the fow falling notes that close each vorec are very tears of sound—a nation'»learn. Scarcely had Walter played the second episode of the air, when he heard the click of the hall door latch and a breath from the chill night outside made the flame of the candles waver. He laid down his violin and hastened into the larger room. The room was empty, and Jeva's work lay on the floor beside the low chair she had occupied all the evening. Another moment and he had passed through the unlatched door and waa out on the moon-lit gardeu. For a while he could see nothing but the gentle stirring shadows, for'fleecy clouds still hurried across the purple sky as if on errands of mighty import, now veiling, now revealing, the silver disc of the moon. But as his eyes became accustomed to the fitful light, he saw, just beyond the shadow of the house, a solitary figure, banshee-like ; for the grey gown looked white and the bowed head golden. Was Jeva weeping! No : for at the sound of his step beside her, she turned to words him the face that had been raised towards the drifting clouds, and he saw that her eyes were tearless. Ihey were not only tearless—meeting his they were so sad, so haggard, so full of bitter pain, that he would have given ten years of his life to clasp his arms about her, and woo her to hide those poor tried eyeB against his breast. " Jeva—Jeva, what is it dear 1" lie said softly, laying his hand on her shoulder.. " I was afraid—I feel as if I could not breathe—it is better out here ;" she said breathlessly, while he felt a shiver pass through her frame. "Afraid—of what?" "Of the music—I am very foolish, I know," she went on, with a pitiful little smile ; " but t think I ran away, from the Coulin ; it was worse than all the rest— each note seeming to burn my heart as I listened—it edunded like a cry. Her breath' came quickly, and scarce knowing what she did she clung to his arm, and for a moment hid her face against his shoulder. She was only conscious of this one thing; Walter had always helped, her in all her troubles—he was there close by her side, and all the world seemed going wrong ; she dung to him as a child in the dark clings to any one that is near. "It sounded like a cry"—she said again, and then she lifted her. head from its momentary resting-place, and her eyes raised to his were like those of a frightened child. " It has always seemed to me like the cry of a nation—it is one of the most wonderful bits of harmony possessed by any land on the face of the earth;" said Walter, " the utterance of a people Buffering a great and cruel wrong." • "A great and cruel wrong. . . ." echoed the girl's voice wearily Yes ; that was it: a great and cruel wrong; the bitter wrong of all this concealment—of all this deceit; and that wild song had seemed to her ears as the cry of her own' heart put into words—as the utterance of all the pain of this weary waiting—all the passion of longing that beat in every pulse of her heart night and day—all the weary listening for a signal that never came ; all the story of her love for Christy Glynn—that beautiful love that had transformed her simple life for a while into. the semblance of some fairy legend, and that was now casting these dark shadows of doubt, and fear, and concealment across her pathway, so that she stumbled as she trod. 