LITEEARY FRIVOLITIES. There are many kinds of laborious trifling, which are the relaxations Of the basy and the business of the'idle. The man who shut himself up in his room for six months to find an anagram for his mistress's name, and then discovered that hi& fancied success was nought, becanae she did not spell ber name as he bad sup? posed, certainly wasted time ; bdt perhaps he coald not have made much profitable nse of it otherwise. Alliterative poems are of old date'; the earliest attempts at verae_ in the English language made amends for halting measures and faulty rhymes by large use of alliterationmaking many words in each line begin with the same letter. Lipogrammatic poems, the most useless and frivolous possible, are still older. The term " lipogram" is applied to a kind of verse in which a certain letter, vowel, or consonant is altogether omitted; and although one might not find much difficulty if the letter left oat was x or y or q, the practice has been to omit one of the most important of .the whole alphabet, \ and thus to put Pegasus in fetters most effeotively. A Greek poet, Lasns (B.C. 538), wrote a • hymn to Ceres, and an ode to the Centaurs, in ' which the letter s did not appear; and Lope da Vega wrote five tales, from each of which one of the five vowels was excluded. A Persian poet or poetaster read to the celebrated Jami a sonnet of hie own, which tbe critical poet did not like ; and when told that it was nevertheless a very curious composition, because the letter Aliff or A was not in it, Jami sarcastically said—" Toa can do a better thing yet; take away all tbe letters from every word you have written." Charles Y. said that he would speak French to his friend, Italian to his mistress, German to his horse, Spanish to his God, and English to the birds, on accoant of the enormoas namber of hissing or whistling sounds in the English language; but we find in a clever collection of literary frivolities published in the May fair Library a specimen poem containing three stanzas written without an s. The three are equally medioore, so as space is limited we only give one as a sample cf lipogrammatic composition:— o COME, LOVE, COME. Oh come to-night, for nought doth charm The weaTy time when thou'rt away, Oh come ; the gentle moon hath thrown O'er tower and h»U her quivering ray. The heather hell bath mildly flung From off ber fairy leat the bright And diit ond dew-drop that had hung Upon tbat leaf—a gem of light. Then come, love, come. In poetry we bave tbe privilege of a?iag th instead cf t for tbe third person singular, except with the useful little wcrd is, ^hich is quite refractory; and we can only use irregular plurals, which are very few—men, children, osen— a very great chfck on the expression of our ideas. There are some literary frivolities which salt one language and not another. For instance, doable acrostics, which are a clever modern improvement on the acrostic simple, could not be constructed in Italian, because every Italian word ends with a vowel, and the final word made up of the finals of the various definitions or lights would be destitute of the bones of consonants on which to build it. And palindromes, where words apd sentences spell backwards and forwards the same, are most ansaited to the English language, though they have been most successful in Latin. What sense is there in Stiff, O dairyman, in a myriad of fits ? —one of a lot of long palindromes recently published in the Observer, written by Mr. H. C kin to please a youthful group of friends, and to show that the English language is capable of being twisted into uncouth ways if one will only take the trouble and does not mind much about the sense. We are all familiar with the alliterative tour deforce— An Austrian army awfully arrayed Boldly by battery besieged Belgrade, &c.; The following we think more amusing— Arthur asked Amy's affection ; Bet, being Benjamin's bride, Coolly cat Charlie's connection; Deborah Dicky denied. ' Eleanor's eye, efficacious, Frederick's fatality feels; Giles gained Georgians—good gracious ! Harry hates Helen's high heels. Isaac is Isabel's idol; Jenny jeers Jonathan Jones; Katherine knows knock-kneed Kit Kreidal; Love's leering Lucy's long bones. Mary meets mortifications; Nicholas Nancy neglects ; Oliver's odd observations Prove Peter poor Fatty protects. Quaker Qaintilian's queer quibbles Bed Bachd't reasons resist; Soft Simon's sympathy scribbles Tales to tall Tabilha Twist. TTrs'Ia, nnthinking, undoing Volatile Valentine's vest; William's wild wickeder wooing 'Xceeds youthful Zelica's zest. There is one faulty line here under the letter L, which is neither alliterative nor good sense; bat the rest is smart enough- We should feel inclined to substitute for the K and L lines— Kate knows Karl kind;—keen Kit Kreidal Loves lavish Louisa's large loans. The use of a single vowel is familiar to as in \- these lines— Persevere, ye perfect men. Ever keep the precepts ten. Bat an ingenious writer in Notes and Q made & series of verses, each of whioh contained only one vowel:— THE BUSSO-TURKISH WAX—A. War harms all ranks—all arts, all crafts appals? At Mars' harsh blast arch, rampart, altar, falls! Ah, hard as adamant a braggart Czar Arms vassal swarms, and fans a fatal war! Bam pant at that bad call, a Vandal band Harass and harm and ransack Wallach-land. A Tartar phalanx Balkans scarp bath past, And Allah's standard falls, alas! at last THE Mil, OE ITS—B. Eve, Eden's empress, needs defended be; The Serpent greets her when she seeks the tree. Serene she sees the speckltd tempter creep ; Gentle he seems—perverted scheemer deep— Yet endless pretexts ever fresh prefers— Perverts her senses, revels when she errs, feneers when she weeps,—regrets, repents she fell, Then, deep revenged, re-seeks the nether helL THE APPROACH OF EVENING—I. Idling I sit in this mild twilight dim. Whilst birds in wild swift vigils circling skim, Light wings in sighing sink, till rising bright Night'B virgin pilgrim swims in vivid light. IKCONTBOVEETIELB FACTS—O. No monk too good to rob. or cog, or plot; No fool so gross to bolt Scotch collops hot. Prom Donjon tops no Oranooko rolls. Logwood, not lotos floodsOperto's bowls. Troops of old toss-pots oft to sot consort. Box tops onr schoolboys, too, do flog for sport. No cool monsoons blow oft on Oxford dons, Orthodox jogtrot bookworm Solomons ! Bold Ostrogoths of ghosts no horror show. On London Bhop- fronts no hop blossoms grow. To crocks of gold no Dodo looks for food. On soft cloth footstools no old fox doth brood. Long storm-tost sloops forlorn do work to port Books do not roost on spoons, nor woodcocks Bnort, Nor dog on snowdrop or on coltsfoot rolls. Nor co mm on frog concocts long protocols. THE SAME SUBJECT CONTINUED.—V. Ihitl ham dram murmurs loll, but hubbub stuns. Lncullus snuffs up musk, mund^ngus Puss puns, buds bunt, backs butt, luck tains up tramps; Bat full cups, hurtful, spur up unjust thumps. The only dip in this is in the sixth line of the O series, where our contains the vowel u. 