, ' OUR RELATIONS WITH ENGLAND. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Sir-As late a class of politicians has developed a desire to draw closer the ties that bind the colonies to the mother country. The discovery seems to have been made that the Empire holds loosely together, and that at a day not far distant it may undergoing process of disintegration, and reasons for this may not be wanting. England still largely maintains her oldiprostice, but her armies, though large, are disproportionate to other armies on the Continent. Her naval forces may not be easily under new conditions, again sweep the ocean, and the patriotism of her people only vies with the heroism of others. How long may the 140,000,000 of India yield fealty, and how soon may Ireland burst the chain that unites her to the sister isle ? Like other mighty empires, England has seen her glory ; like them, she may too meet her fate. The consolidation of the Empire has long been a fruitful theme,' and both the great parties have looked on it as a consummation to be desired ; but wide apart has been the means employed. While the Liberals would concentrate the forces within m borders of the State, and atom IbttaMtaa of .bjikhuSt but if men st ci' j similar Ju I i length c mu. iY responsibilty by cutting off the colonies, the Consent its es seek to draw the whole dependencies within a circle and bind them closely with an iron hand Guitiahsation is the government of Downing street The Colonies enjoy a fair share of liberty They majiljustth in own taxation fix their turn fis, and pass we generally affecting their interests Against this there is a reversal h do The Chief Magistrate is the choice of the Home Cabinet Constitutional changes must undergo the English ordeal, and with many other important questions immediately bearing on themselves they have nothing to do Still no discontent evinces itself no attempt at disturbance is made The younger people look upon the home of their f rather a with pride, and would emulate its moods Too common class of politicians 13 ever busy in setting up or pulling down Cabinets, while a few noble few look forward to the inevitable, and endeavour to prepare the way for nationality With Beaconsfield, principles are not inoperative e His Imperialism has already imprinted itself on the nation To dea w India under the Imperial banner was a daring and darling act, and it was the beginning Canada must be signed and fascinated with the magnificence of Royalty, and the vice regal throne was filled by the husband of the daughter of Her Majesty the Queen, while even the absorption of the Republics of the Transvaal was deemed sufficient to call forth the trumpet blast of the party. Those articles in the London monthlies have a meaning ; we know whence their inspiration, and statesmen I do not deal in myths. Aggression on our liberties is foreshadowed. To achieve this the means proposed are various ; one would bring pressure from Downing-street direct. But bore the ghosts of the pilgrim fathers rise and move in awful procession. Author asks for colonial representation in the Imperial Parliament. Are our delegates to vote on questions affectingGreatBritain generally ? Then the same body must control us, and our legislative functions must be limited to the municipal. Is war the question on which they may treat Then to help in maintenance of the army must be logically ours, and our annual budget provide a proportionate sum for the British army and navy ! Another suggestion is that the whole of the Empire be divided into a number of separate States each to have a separatejLegitdaturo and Executive ; a central body to control things Imperial, similar to the scheme of the insurgent Communists in the early days of Thiers' presidency in France. But this plan is in the too far distant, is too Utopian to deserve consideration now. English people will not yet lower themselves to the level of the " colonial." In addition to these the merchant kings of Manchester rush in. These would add to their already colossal fortunes by flooding our markets with goods from their mills. This group of colonies possess all the elements of nationality. In population we are three millions ; a-revenue of some £14,000,000 comes annually into our various Treasury cheats. We export goods to the value of about £42,000,000, with an import trade of the same amount. We have railways stretching out in every direction ; churches, public schools, and institutions for the promotion of morality ; nucleus of armies and fleet?, strong internal administrations, together with all the various organisations that characterise older countries. With us everything points forward to a great future. Does the Beaconsfield school look on us as a people easily to be bargained about Do our own public speakers, when they spoil: so pathetically of our loyalty and devotion, mean that we are for ever to be in leading strings ? Our duty is plain ; we must look before and prepare for possibilities. To the policy of contraction and repression we must proclaim that of autonomy ; manliness and patriotism dictate such a course. We are neither disloyal, nor do we desire immediately to disturb our relations, but to be blind to this foreshadowing were criminal. Indeed, under any circumstances the throwing out an Australian flag is but a work of time. No people is a dependency can fully unfold and strengthen, and the citizen in whose bosom burns not the cure is unworthy his name. Instead, then, of wasting energy in propounding impossible schemes, lot all unite to clear the way only that leads to the solution. The standard of national intelligence must be raised, and a mould and one given to the public character. The prospects of a glorious future must be held up, and even laggards be inspired to follow on in the national march. -Yours, etc., J. RICHARDS. 