FBEEMASONRY DEFINED. I have joined the Masonic fraternity, Mr.' Editor. £ am & free and accepted eon, or brother, or whatever it is, of that, auoient and xnysteriouB organisation. I have belonged to many secret societies in -my^ time— I have been an Orangeman, mid a Sou of Temperance, and a Fenian, and, if I remember aright, I once belonged to a gang of coiuera— but this, Masonic. arraugemont,- ttiis institution of the compass and square,, distances them all. I have oftea1 wondered-1 what sort of a thing a Mdson was — in ?what respects he differed from ah ordinary being.'' Again and again have I pumped persons who I thought knew what -was what, with W view of finding out something regarding these queer men, but it was no go. Mum was the word; and those who could tell wouldn't, and those who would, couldn't ; for further information I was to go and find out. I had a vague idea of my own that a Mason was a sort of supernatural being, a regular ring-tailed roarer, with horns and hoofs to match, who could come down the chimney, or get through the key-hole, and disappear like a]flash of lightuiugr-^a chap that would knock blazes out of a fellow with a wink of his eye, and of whom the devil himself was afraid. There isone singular thing connected with Masonry of which you are perhaps not aware, and that is, a Mason never dies. Occasionally it is given out that a brother has departed this life, and the fraternity is respectfully summoned to do honour to his remains ; but it is all a sham, a big swindle, gotten up to throw dust in the eyes of the uninitiated. The_ coffin is Btuffed full of bricks, and deposited with due solemnity iu the cemetery, while the brothers and friends' dre blubbering their eyes out over the grave of the dear departed, and the departed {is quietly enjoying himself in the back room of some hotel, preparatory to leaving for; parts unknown. ' ' : .' It is a fact, Mr. Editor, Masons never die.' They may change their appearance and move off for other spheres— but as for dying, they can't do it. It is supposed that, after they have transacted wickedness enough on earth, they are- transformed into comets and meteors, and go wandering through space, kicking up shines, and raising the devil generally. And a great many people suppose that the last meteoric display was nothing more nor less than a free fight between some rival lodges that have crossed each other's path — the different degrees they had acquired in the flesh. - Freemasonry is of ancient date, as is proved by the fact that during the wet. season Noah used to hold meetings in' the corner of the ark. He was obliged to give it up, however, owing to the curiosity of Mrs. Noah, who, notwithstanding the fact that her husband placed a big pair of lions aud a crocodile at the door ,as outside, guard, came pretty near finding out thi; secret, and starting a female lodge on hr-i ! own hook. ! 1 mu--t u-11 you llw perils and trials I hfrl to Hiirtfci-jj' t.) Lvc'.Miie a Mason. On' the oV;''i''i:.- i. !in-.,iio:'. i' presented myself —. U:'.- d-i-,v of' tho k-djjs-rooin. No. 06,6-;i-. ; ?jigiih of the skull /.nd cross-bones. I \tas coiid'.i'-loil li Ihi' r:)to-room, where five or six mela; ?..?jk'I;) oijups in sashes ; and embroidered napkins were waiting to receive me. On my entrance they, all got up and turned a back somersault, and then quietly resumed their seats. A big fat fellow, who sat in the middle, and who seemed to be. the proprietor, then said, ' Sinner froni the outward world, advance.' I advanced., ' Will you give up everything .to join as ?' 'Not if I know It,' said I. 'There's my wife and fourteen fine — ' (Another party hero told me it was A mere matter of form.) The fellows in' the towels then groaned, and said, ' 'Tis well.' ' Do you swear never to reveal anything you may see or hear this . evening, not to your wife ?' I said, ''Pou my word, I will not.' They then examined my teeth and felt my muscles, and made me put out my tongue, and then groaned again. I said, ' If you don't feel well, I have got a little bottle here that' — ?.- Here the fat man took the bottle from me, and told me to shut up. He then, in a voice of thunder, said, ' Bring forth the goat.' Another fellow then came forth to blindfold me. 'No, you don't, Mr. Mason,' I said; 'no trick oh travellers, if you please.' I don't believe in playiug blindman's buff.; with a goat. I'll ride iho devil if you like, but I don't go it blind. Stand back, or I'll., knock you into smithereens.' They were too much for me, however, aud I had to submit to be blindfolded. The goat was then led in, and I could hear him making an awful racket among the furniture. I' began to feel that I was urgently wanted at home, but I was in for it, and could not help myself. Three or four fellows then seized '' me, and with a demoniacal laugh pitched me on the animal's back, telling me at the same time to look out for squalls. . I have been iu a great many scrapes, Mr. Editor — I've been in au election fight, I've been pitched out of a four-story window, I have gone down in a railroad collision, aud up in a steamboat explosion, but this great excursion was ahead of them all. The confounded thing must be all wings aud horns. It bumped me against the tables and the stove and the ceiling, but I hung on like a Trojan. It turned front Bomevsaults, aud rolled over till I thought it was all over with me. I was just on the point of giving up when the bandage fell from mine eyes, and the goat bounded through the window with a yell like a Cauiauche Indian giving up the ghost. . I Wiis iu 11 lodge of Masons, Thoy.were dancing a war. dance around a Hkull, and playiug leapfrog 'and turning handsprings, and the big fat fellow of the ante-room was standing on his head in the corner finishing the contents of my little bottle. Ovdev was soou restored, and I was \\-vh\, up to a desk and told to stand at my o:i.so.v Tho chief engineer of the establishment then put his thumb to his nose, and stretching his fingers iu the shape of a fan towards me, commanded fiilenco. The rest of the brethren did likewise, aud were silent. The governor then addressed me : — ' Brother Kuobb, you are now one of us. You are now a member of an institution that has lasted over tori millions of years. From this time hence your constitution is sound. You are impervious to light or heat or auy other atmoBpherl^i^inluenco. You are water proof, lir≺&f;, and over-proof. With . impunity you make walk through tlie lake, or, sit on a. lediot Btovfi^-with ^impunity drjnlt ^quftf^iWf i&0t.'wRfik$,\ Wahoo - bitters or -'any other poisanous 'substance,. You are free from rheumatism, dyspepsia, ^ooping- oou^rfflffl^^S:?Sai'elAeBrfrT3xe sheriff dare up£ seiep you, for debt, nor the policeman Tor* misdenioaiior., vltou' lisrp of ub, aud you are safe. HerV- fi^pie paBB WovdT'witii tbatrand ?» ;=big.-3olub^yeu-can ;get. *ntot nnyVloilg^ h^ flhristeidottij*' . I then stood * the wjbisky' and 'water fill Ithe ^yay. rouud^and I yog, a fcsgjpl ^«?H?^a Mason. — Frceinasoh's2fctnthly Magazine. 