THE SETORY-TEL.ER. The Love of Lancelee. Author of '"All in the Golden TWeather," c. COHAPTER VIII. ' SWEET ARE TRB f SE OF ADVERSITY." A group of horsemen, heavily cloaked, booted, and spurred, watched from a distance the caravans ot the circus slowly fill and disperse. They noted all who entered, and when a group of chattering, laughing girls got into one of the most commodious of the vans, and they observed a aletrder, gracefuil form, neatly shroud ed in a travelling cloak, ent'er also, they said "That is she; remember it is the yellow van, and, by Jove! see if the proprietor is not getting in too. No, he's not. He's only bidding a fond adieu. Observe, he rides with some of his men. Ah ! my fine fellow, yours wil be a cheerful journey when we join your party. Remember, Love lace, that your admiration is not to lead you into a foolhardy trick, such as running away with that pretty horse-rider, for instance. Mind any such nonsense as that is forbidden in the contract. We are only to get all the fun we can out of the men, and slightly frighten the women. :Ise it ;agreed ?" All answered the cheering voices of their conimander lightly, but all re membered the contract, long after the jocular adventure had become history to their sons and daughters, and so they had the laugh at Lancelee to his dying day. The circus company travelled on quietly, through the day, Simon pay ing Kitty every attention in his power, and -keeping guard over her with unrelaxing vigour. Poor Kitty ! she felt very wretched. The future looked so almniost hopeless to her. Many times her thoughts flew to Robin, and his promise to befriend her should she ever meet him. Oh ! how she longed to send a letter to Mrs. Pollard, begging him to send him to her rescue, but she knew it was out of her power to do so, for ihe was friendless, and so watched that she felt as though ch'in ed to her seat with an invisible but galling shackle of ssength and hard ness, tht her feeble hands were powerless to break. She grew pile with fasting and fears, yet could not trust herself to eat or rest, so little faith had she in the given word of thie men she had promised to marry. A great misery fell upon her with the gloaming. The road looked so very lonely, and she so greatly mistrusted her companions. A little child, one of the circus wnmen's, a poor ill-cared-for sprite, came and tiestled against Kitty's knee. She drew the tiFred child to her breast and let it rest there. Somehow she ±elt more safe with a child's purity and innocence standing between her andher companions. The child, a timid, delicate little girl,. lifted up her hand, smoothed Kitty's wan sweet face with gentle unobtrusive sympathy. She knew that her friend was suffering, and said " Did they beat you, because you would not do the trick with Bruin, or are you hungry ? See, I have a oak", take it, 1 would like to see you eat. 'Tis so dreadful to be hungry." Kitty smiled, and broke her fast with hilf the oake so kindly given, and felt refreshed, not only by the food, but by the loving sympathy that proffered it. " You shlall sleep in my arms to night, Bessie," she whispered; " and when you feel that your are growing sleepy, you must let me hear you say your prayers, and pray God to guard us all from peril of all kind through the long dark nigt." "I am sleepy now," lisped the child; "but I don't knos how to talk to God. Will you tell me ?" "'Yes," said Kitty, " you must talk to Him from your heart, child; tell him your fears and wants. Speak as you do to your father, when he is sober, kind and loving." So part of the dreaded night passed in teaching a little child to pray, and, somehow, the holy task gave Kitty courage. Presently she dozed off into dream-land, and fancied she was a happy fearless child again, loved and petted by her brothers ani her stern yet gentle father. The woof her fancy had woven was rudely snapped by the loud noise out side the caravan of the trampling of horses, and she heard the demand, "not unusual in those times on the road; " Your money or your life ! S*and, or I fire 1" Then there was a scuffle, and frightened cries, and Kitty rose to her foeot and trembled. Above the shout ing she heard a laugh, which hardly sounded menacing, and then a voice, that sent the hot blood to her cheeks *in a flame '! Help me to open the door," she said, to one of the women; "let us see what is wrong."1 "Nonsense;" replied the woman, in anger, born of personal fear. " 'Tis the highwaymen, you'd get shot. Oh, good Lord I if-they aint coming in here. Lord preserve us, what shall we do?" The door was thrown open, and the body of a man thrown in; it was that of their employer, while outside the voices of the other circus men were heard pleading for mercy. Kitty 'shuddered, but a second glance showed that Simon was quite unhurt, merely bound hand and foot, and gagged; altogether a ludicrous figure. Then a couple of handsome fellows, vastly unlike thieves, stepped in, merrily demanding to know where the wine was stored, and who would kiss them. Some of the women perhaps from fear, agreed to show them were to find ably enlightened by Lord Robin's anxious, loving tone, and the quick bright, love-light in the girl's dark eyes, said " You are deeper than I thought, comrade, and have beautifully deceiv ed your faithful fellows. Now mind Lovelace;," mimicked he laughingly, "no running way with the lovely rider, or any such nonsense. Oh! my precious captain, what a roasting awaits you !" Bere he was silenced by Lord Robin curtly bidding him to hold his foolery and help them to mount. ' Well," wbispered the merry fel low, "I don't much mind, but you ought to allow us a like licence. There was a pretty little gipsy there who quite set my heart on fire; but no matter, disappointment's ever my portion." " Silence!'. exclaimed Lancelee; "you know this poor girl is wounded. I want you to lead us to the nearest shelter at once and fetch a doctor." "All right, captain. Well, the nearest shelter is my sister's shooting lodge; and, as it happens, she is here in hopes of entertaining you, so we'll make or there. Follow me straight across yonder meadow, there's no leap worth mentioning, so the lady will not be much shaken." And he rode off, leaving Lancelee to follow at a quieter pace. Arriving at the lodge, the young gallant found his sister, the lovely widow with whom Lord Robin had flirted in Paris, and who was stopping here for a while, hoping to renew the old atten tions when she had secured Lancelee as her guest. Her patience had already been greatly tried by his non-arrival that day. The yung men who were stay uing at the lodge had all started out to join him, and none had yet re tnrned. She sat in her boudoir listening to a French novel read to her by her companion. The widow was a lovely woman, in the full flower of her beauty, but she had just now a moody, discontented look. She was out of her element unless surronnd ed by a crowd of admirers, and she did not remember to have received a single compliment that day. She was feeling decidedly cross; in fact, con fessed to having " the vapours." She had just decided on retiring to bed; only the hope that Lord Robin might return with her truant guests had kept her up so late, for she sel dom neglected her beauty sleep. The widow smoothed her satin sack; arranged for the hundredth time -her flowing flaxen ringlets; then yawned and said, "This really is a dtll and stupid book, or you read badly. Shut it up; Ishallgoto bed I Make my adieux to my guests. Why, what a peal! Isuppose that is them re turned. Well, better late than never. Louise, I ho~e I am not flushed or disorderedl." " No, my lady, you are simply per fect. That shade of dress, with just a suspicion of sea-green, is wonderfully becoming to you. Here are:. the gen tlemen, as I livw, trooping in in their riding-boots. Shall I order coffee, my lady ?" "Yes, yes, Louise, and begone. Throw about the cards, and do not let them imagine they have been missed. Oh! heie's my brother. Well, Stewart, what sport?" - "Oh, famous! Lord Lancelee is dragging home a wounded deer, and fast behind me follows adoctor. Oh! here are the fellows all crowding after me, eager for news. The captain is coming out in new colours." Then lowering his voice, he whis pered the whole of the day's adven tures to his sister's ear. She, flushed with jealoneus rage, ex claimed "What! should she shelter Lord Robin's disgraceful loves? She, of all others ? Never! She would show him her displeasure." But her brother stopped her sharp ly, saying "Come, sie, have sense. Lancelee is a good fellow. He would never intend you any insult, or even alight. There is some mystery about this afaire du crcour; but, doubtless, he will explain it all to your satisfaction. I always told you you were mistaken, in supposing his attentions meant anything serious at Paris. Don't show resentment, for the sake of what will be said among our guests, all of whom are Lance's friends." As he finished speaking a troop of travel-stained fellows came into the dainty room, bearing in their midst the insensible form of Kitty, whose disordered blood-stained dress and death-like face contrasted strangely with the hostess's gay apparel and faultless fairness; yet, even in her danger and dishevelled looks, there was more true womanly loveableness about Kitty, and the gentlemen were all of one mind respecting her beauty. Lanelee laid her on a couch, then, turning to his hostess, bent over her white hand, saying, in tones of en treating courtesy "Dearest madam, I must, indeed, thank you' for throwing open your hospitable doors to us so late at night. I ask your sisterly kindness for yon der poor wounded friendless child, hois thus, through sickness and dis tress, east upon your mercy for to night." "Indeed, my lord," zeplied the widow, "I cannot undertake so great a responsibility as the care of a wounded girl. I wonder you bring her here, of all places in the world. I scarcely think you realise the indig nity you inflict upon me by thrusting this poor outcast upon my charity. To-night she may stay, but, to-mor row, I shall be grateful if you will provide her with other accommoda tion." - Then, picking up -her fan in one hand and her train in the other, the lady prepared to leave the room, cast ing a look of contempt upon poor Kitty, who had recovered and sat up the wine, and freely offered caresses on the spot, to keep the gentlemen of the road in a good temper. Then followed a scene of strange entertainment. Women were made to spread an impromptu feast, while others sang and danced for their amusement, and the men of the com pany sat round, bound hand and foot, but preserving an air of dogged dis dain, cursing the luck which had set this band of bravos upon them, just when they were in their first sleep, with only a few on guard, and those had proved cowards, except the master, who had really shown fight, -but what was one man agaiust twenty. Well, one thing consoled them, the fellows seemed more bent on fun than plunder. If they would only be a little less free with the women they thought they could fitnl it in their hearts to forgive them So the twenty gay fellows, hose faces were half hidden by masks, enjoyed rare good sport; and Kitty, seeing their absurd antics, grew each moment more bewildered, but less fearful. All at once, she noticed that Jag gers had got his hand free, and was fumbling in his:pockets for s;omithing. Like lightning, the thought of what he would do flashed upon her, and she flew to his side as he took aim at the broad back of a gallant who stood looking on, but giving little help Co the merriment. There was a report, and Kitty screamed and staggered into the arms of the mau whose life she had saved. aa gave an exclamation of amaze ment and delight, then groaned with! pity, for Kitty's right arm hung by her side useless; the bullet had pass ed through the fleshy part of the arm tearing away the soft flesh, and mak ing a deep wound. The men left their wine, and tiocicen round indignantly, while their leader bound up the wound as bast he could; and coaxed a few drops of strong wine between Kitty's pale lips. Then followed the strangest performance of the eventful night. The band of seeming robbers turned all the circus animals loose on to the. road, kicked the proprietor soundly, and, mount ing their horses, without taking so much as a mock jewel for booty, but the one vhich the man whom they called captain bore away, and which was the fairest jewel of the troupe unconscious Kitty. After what seemed to her a long time, Kitty opened her eyes, and slowly the whole of the strange scene in the caravan returned to her mind, and she looked up, first at the calm dark heavens with their myriad of stars,. then to the face above her, which she could hardly see for the mask which only left the mouth and firm chin visible. " If you please, sir," she said, " put me down. I quite forgive you for running away with me, but the shak ing hurts my arm. I saved your life, so please spare what is as dear to me as life, my honour. Do not give me up to the circus folk, but see me to the first town or villiage where my friendlessness may find shelter." She spoke eagerly and quickly, her voice broken by little sobs of pain. The head of the rider bent down over her, and the great arms held her closoly, as a voice, full of intense love and trouble, said " Kitty, so you not know me? I am your lover, my sweet; I am full of horror and dread at finding you with such a set, but my faith in you is great, ' perfect love casteth out all fear,' so I will rest content till you can tell me your story. Meanwhile, you must be brave and bear your suffering. I am hastening now to put you in shelter. Oh! my best beloved, to find you thus-" Here his speech was ended by a passion of caresses showered upon the white, ' orn face, which had yet so great a look of joy, resting on his breast. Kitty's voice broke forth in tearful joyousness, calling up to his re memberance every' pleasant talk he had held with her through all their knowledge of each other up to their bitter parting. So they talked on foolishly, only of love, till at last Kitty put a question in a little puzzled voiceO. " But now, really, Lord Lancelee, are you a real highwaymnn, or is this only play ?" " Only play, only play, my sweet but what has been play to us has been almost death to you. Oh !' my darling, had that rascal's bullet killed you, I should have gone mad or died with remorse." " But it didii't you see," said Kitty, cheerfully, " so you need not trouble ; but where are your friends ? I wish some of them had staid. Don't you fell like a child playing at ghosts, and who daren't look round for fear they should see that which they have been trying to represent ?" " Well. love, it would not be quite so enjoyable to be stopped now, other wise I don't fancy a real highway man could scare me. But you feel faint, Kitty ; drink out of my flask, there's a brave lass; I know you are in pain, but will soon.be rested safe in a cozy bed. Cheer up! That's right, my beauty, open your brave eyes. So, your own true love will hold you even against death." " Oh ! Kitty, Kitty ! " The cry of pain and terror rang out sharply, for Kitty had fainted, and the memory of how Tim had died of heart-disease came back sadly to Lord Robin. Did he fear she same fate for Kitty ? He hardly new what it was that gave him this sudden panic, but his cry re called one of his comrades, who came to his side, took the insensible girl from his arms, and laid her upon the grass by the roadside. Lancelee sprang from his saddle, anl with the aid of his friend, suc ceedei in restoring the poor wounded girl to consciousness, His friend, meanwhile, consider. listening, with crimsoned cheeks, to the lady's slighting words. '" Pardon me, madam, but I think, from your words, you mistake the ·manner of woman who craves your shelter. I may not equal your lady ship in birth and breeding; but I thank Heaven I never yet turned away from distress, or put insult upon innocence. I should not shame your home, madam, by remaining, but I thank God, that he has given me strength to depart from a house where I am misjudged." The two women stood face to face, both look'ng uneasy and angered; but, Kitty, though so plainly attired, shamed the other.in dignity, and the fair widow felt it, and that, added to her jealousy, caused her to lose judg ment and courtesy, by saying, in a voice shaken with concentrated and uncontrollable passion " Silence, you shameless creature! Do not dare to add your insults to ins. I will not bear it." Kitty sank on to a seat amazed, and Lord Robin stayed the fair widow's departure by saying, in a stern indignant tone "Stay, madam. Until to-night, I imagined you my friend; therefore, as a friend even of the past, I owe you an explanation of my intrusion here to-night. Believe me, madam, I come here at your brother's invita tion to ask your compassion and womanly kindness for my future wife, as pure and stainless a lady as your. self, and, Itrust, of more amiability; but since she receives but insult at your hands, I will risk the danger to her wound, and take her further on, to my cousin, Lady Dorothy 1March banks, which, perhaps, will be the most suitable house for my future wife to visit. There, at least, for my sake she will receive the respect due to her as a virtuous and suffering woman, to whose heroism I owe my life. Allow me, also, to state that my engagement to this lady dates back to more than a year ago. After an ac quaintance of long standing, I do not know why I should trouble your lady ship with so long a statement, except to convince you that I intended no insult when I introduced my future wife to your protection." The group of men listened to this proud, cool speech with admiration for their friend, who showed to so great an advantage in so very unplea sant a situation; and, as Kitty's great beauty and evident sufferiag. touched their hearts, they showed their sympathy by gathering round their friend, and tendering him their hearty congratulations. While Lady Longs dale made good her departure under cover of general excitement, and sent ap apology by her brother, with a request that the future Lady Lancelee would remain her guest so long as she ti-ought needful for her health. Kitty was feverishly anxious to depart, but the doctor arriving, and seeing her excited state, sensibly forbadle any such rash proceeding. So Kitty staid on'at the Lodge, and underwent a severe illness. During her illhcss her hostess came to a miore sensible state of mind res pecti'g her, and tried to make up for the unkindness of her first reception by ever increasing care and atten tion to the fair invalid, for she had heard all Kitty's romantic history from her brother, who had it from Lord Robin, and, although she could not quite forgive Kitty's winning the prize she had herself once coveted, she overlooked the girl's humble birth by thinking of her heroic actions towards her lover. 8o she helped forward the wedding, arranging all the pleasant details herself, for the lovers were too engrossed with each other arid their mutual happiness to be responsible beings. So Kitty was wedded just as the first snowdiops peeped up from the brown earth like pearls, and a very lovely bride she looked, and quite worthy ot the intense pride and plea sure her bridegroom showed in her. A year later found them at Lance lee, gloryitg in a month-old heir to the grand name of Lancelee. A nice little amount of wealth had flowed in in upon the happy pair, and their future looked indeed roseate to them, viewed by the light of their great affection for each other. " Kitty, are you strong enough to bear unpleasant news?" asked Lord Robin, bonding tenderly over his gentle lady, who sat in the, sunlight with her babe on her breast, as fair a sight as' ever sat as a model for the picture of holy motherhood. Kitty glanced up with brave bright eyes, for what could pain her whilst she had her healthful babe on her lap, and her husband stood near, well and happy? Lancelee stroked her dark hair as he said gently, and in a hushed awe struck tone " Hestor Penell is dead, dearest. She died at midnight. The details of her death are too dreadful for your gentle ears. Enough that she died mad, shrieking out that Tim stood before her with a cloth upon his face. Besides that, let me tell you that Simon Treneh has been apprehended, tried, and transported for feloniously defrauding hundreds of poor f,,ks by abscondi' g with their little say ings. " Don't look so grave, my sweet remember there are spots even upon the glory of the sun, so how can we hope to have our life undimmed by even passing shadows ? Lot us be grateful, my preoious treasure, that they pass us and inflict only momen tary sadness. Now, sweetheart, we can take up a clean page in our his tory, unclouded by any connection with the unhappy past. May the page remaining be pure and sunny as our love !" And with this wish, which was half a prayer, Lance drew his wife and child into his arms, holding them then and always his greatest treasure. " Sweet are the uses of adversity," for they teach us how to value pre sent peace. (C'oncluded.) 