AMUSEMENTS. MASONIC HALL. The benefit concert tendered at the Masonic Hall last night to Mr. Frank Cates was well attended, in spite of the unpropitious weather ; and the advertised programme was almost doubled by the encores which were insisted upon. Mr Cates himself has, socially and professionally, made many friends in Sydney, and each of his four clever con- tributions to the evening's entertainment was followed by the heartiest applause; these contributions being alternately tragic and comic. The first was the graveyard scene from "Hamlet;" the second, "Gemini and Virgo," a comical poem by C. S. Calverly; the third, Hood's thrilling "Dream of Eugen Aram;" and the fourth the famous speech of Sergeant Buzfas from "Pickwick." This last concluded the programme, and after he had taken off his wig and gown, Mr. Cates made a brief well-turned speech of farewell, in which he thanked his Sydney friends for the support they had given him professionally and the kindness they had shown him socially, and stated that after fulfilling a Melbourne engagement under Mr. Fred Marshall, he should probably return to settle in Sydney. The concert was an unusually good one, for the amateurs and professionals who took part in it were all of far more than average talent. Miss Cora R. Miller, who sang very beautifully the "Casta Diva" scene from Bellini's "Norma" and a charming little song by Campana, "Les Plaisirs de la vie," was recalled after each, and every toher performer was similarly complimented. Mddle. Charbonnet, who has acquired far more precision of style and facility of execution than she possessed before she left Sydney three years ago, played Brisson's "L'Arabesque" with brilliant effect. Mr. P. Jones, who posesses a splendid basso voice, which is susceptible of fare more cultivation than has been bestowed upon it, sant the aria "Ah non area pia lagrine," from Donizetti's "Maria di Rudeutz."" Mr. Duncan Anderson, a cornet player of unusual talen, gave Schubert's "Ave Maria;" Mr. H. R. Woods-sang: the " Kri Tu," irora " Un Balloin Maschcni :" Mr, S. Helge played a saxophone solo : and Herr Francik_ 'violin) and Mr. J. Massey (piano) played a duet by Do bexior from" William Tell".'' During part of the concert, Mr. C. Huenprbiin acted ns accompanist. , , The large audience at (be. Opera House last night, when the Montague-Turner Company produced ''.Faust,'' augura lor the Management a successful six nightO Benson. Tho cn«! of the opera was similar lo that with which it was sung ar tho Gaiety Theetre, nml the per fonntvurc wert with wcwlfrfnl smoothness. Tho voices _ouadcd clearly and well, the scenery was attract ive, and neai'ly all the choruses vveic correctly srtng. Mi.-n Mon- tague as Matgurritc, Mr. Turner as i?_iist, and Mr. J'arley us Mephistopheks, were so successful that they wera <-al)p"d before the curtain: and (¡io stripe eil eels f-ccmed to,give tim audience safiíMetion. To-night, " Lucia di Lammermoor "' will be played, Mid it is intimated that >£ Lucrevja Borgia " ii b.iug orepnied. " Lu I-'ille du Tambour Major " at .the Tbratro Royal: .*'Mother-in-law " and "Tho Cori-iiiiri Rnilhers" a' the Gaiety. " Ould Erin" nt the Queen's: ami;!-- Ghost entertainnient at the Victoria Hall, were repouted' last sight. Professor TV*. . Miller, whose gymnasium in Liverpool - street has provided tho means of phyMcU education for a. number of the young men of Sydney, cuv« a benefit per- formance hw! night ,it the Pehool of Airs. Ho will repeat it to- night and lo-miirrnw evening, and if is ptxi hable Unit liicso will bo (he la*i- oecüMims for MHIIO time upon which the Sydney public will havo the opportunity of witnessing his feat« of sdeugth mid agility, because he has almost completed arrangements for a professional tour of (he colonies. The programme last night was provided by Professor Miller, Professor ' D'Harcourt, and members of the Sydney Gymnasium. Professors Miller and D'Harcourt showed a number of irtistio posts plastiipicx, in which 21 holds, locks, and stops tratod. Miller, a model of strergth, and D'Har- court, the embodiment of agility, formed group after group graceful as classic statuary, and the exhibition was thoroughly enjoyed by tho audience. Later on, Professor Milter gave his àhnost'phenomenul performances with Indian umba, weighing 271bs. each, and with heavy dumb- bell», find the last item on the programme was someclover wrestling between members of the gymnasium. Other feats were performed, and the programme was, of its kind, a really fine one. 