Und tlio Colonial Treasurot' known as much about tlio treatment of patients and prisoners nt tiie Qunrniitino Station on the evening of tlio 30th ultimo, as Ito has appar- ently learned since, tlio lion, gentleman would not havo been so earnest in defend- iitg all those who had been concerned in curing or killing the afilictod, nnd subjecting the healthy portion of the Quarantine Station population to the treatment which waa de scribed in the Press, but which Mr. Watson asserted was altogether " without foundation." The hon. gentleman it will ho re membered entered into nn clnboralo do- feucc of the management ol the Qunrantino Station, livery charge which had been made respecting the treatment tlio people who bad been Bent there had received ltad been care fully noted by tlio Treasurer, and be bad demanded explanations from the persons who wore implicated. Tho answers Ito received were read to tho House, nnd taking it for granted that tlio one-sided statements of the parties interested were to bo implieitcly relied upon, Mr. Watson vigorously defended them, and said somo very " rough " tilings respect- ing all those who had ltad the temerity to call their conduct in question. No one who heard or read the speech delivered by Mr. Watson on tlio morning of Tuesday, the 30th inst, could havo imagined it possible that within ono week — one littlo week — lie would bo in a position to inform tlio Assotnbly as lie did last night, that the Superintendent of tlio Quarantine Station ltad been suspended, and that tlio Government had considered it necessary to appoint a Royal Commission to investigate (lie whole question of how tbo placo bad been managed sinco the outbreak of small-pox. Mr. Watson and his colleagues — for it would be unfair to throw the whole responsibility upon tlio Treasurer — have evi dently lived and learned, aud they must hnve made good use of their time in gaining infor mation to have discovered within a few dnys that, instead of everything having been right-, n Koynl Commission is required to ascertain all that lias been wrong. It was not to be expected thntMr. Watson would withdraw the hard thing lie said about the press generally, and the Sydney Daily Telegraph particularly, but on tho principlo that actions speak louder titan words, the appointment of this Uoyal Commission is a signal admission that our in formation was right and that of the hon. gen tleman wrong. So far as wo aro concerned, wo arc quito willing to accept this practical recognition ou tho part of tho Treasurer of tho services wo havo rendered to tho public n3 a recantation of his utterances in tho As sembly. Wo do- not desire to claim any special credit in the matter. We havo simply discharged our duty in exposing what ap peared to us to be gross and scandalous abuses, and it is a great satisfaction to know that tlio part wo took in exposing tliem lins had suclt good results. Had it not. been for tlio Press, they would probably have been perpetuated, but thanks to the publicity which was given to tbo accounts from that enclosure of horrors, tlio Quarantine Station, there is now overy probability that tlio dnys of " dipsomaniac " supervision have cotno to nn end both on sea nnd on shore, and that the people who aro placed in quarantine will be treated like unfortunate sufferers from a dire disease, instead of being placed in tho charge of persons suoh as thoso wlto were so plainly described by Dr. Tarrant on Wednesday night. It appears, however, that, notwith standing the justification of tho Press by the Treasurer, tliero is a disposition on tlio part of some of thoso in authority to bush matters up, and keep tho public in the dark as much ns possiblo with respect to tho spread of small-pox. In our issue of yesterday it was stated that tho Medical Board appointed to look after the health of the people bad como to the determination to give 'the Press no information. Tito gentlemen wlto compose tlio Board are of tho opinion that " tlio " papers havo done a great dual of harm," and to prevont tliem making more mischief all tho information ut tlio disposal of the Board is to bo Dupprcssod. . Mr. Watson stated last night that this would-bo secret Bo'cioty o'fkWaltli o'Cfioials is to b'o rbdohstru'ct'ed by tho addition of other medical men, and possibly the new members will use their influ ence to counteract such an ill-advised and dangerous resolution. What harm havo the papers done, or what injury can they do, by giving publicity to the facts respecting small pox? Wo are not aware that giving such information tends to spread the disease. On the contrary, ' wo imagine that the moro the public know of its progress, the greater pre- 1 Poniinna fliatr a ro Klrnltr fn tnlra fit rtPAFAnf. ita spread, by attending to those sanitary regula tions which the Medical Board recommends. By keeping them in ignorance, they might be lulled into .n false security which would have most disastrous results, bat this is the course which the Board appear desirous to adopt. We presume it is 'under the control of the Colonial Treasurer, and we think he would act wisely in the interest of the public by directing the Board to furnish the Press with every information respecting itB proceedings, llecent disclosures indicate that there has been too muelt secrecy respect ing matters in which the public are so vitally interested, nnd it will bo the best policy on the part of all concerned to adopt a system of full publicity (or the future. The Trades nnd Labour Council held their half-yearly meeting last week, at which several important &ubicctB; were brought under consi deration. The Council would seem to have somewhat relaxed of late in their attention to public questions of importance affecting the labour class, and we congratulate them upon giving signs of renewed activity. There are many subjects, in reference to which the Council can do good service by bringing them under public notice and supplying useful in formation respecting them. The rock upon irrnph onMi hnrlina frnnnrnlltr finlif. 1R nnrt.V politics, but the Council can be credited with having hitherto been successful in avoiding that danger. Wc are glad to learn from the report of the meeting that the Curriers' strike lias fortunately terminated, as some of tlio men havo been re-ciigagod on piece-work, nnd others have left the colony. The striko lias lasted more than six months, nnd it must littve been productive of n great deal of loss and privation. The fact that a number of the moil have left the colony is one to be deplored. We'express no opinion upon the questions wlto was in the right or wrong in this matter, for we are not sufficiently ac quainted with the facts, but botli employers nnd workmen should learn the necessary lesson to be more conciliatory to each oilier, aud to be prepared to mako mutual conces sions, so that matters should not be allowed to proceed to extremities. Two other subjects of importance were brought before the meet ing, tiie one the manner iu which the unpaid magistracy discharge their duty and lho other the desirability of having a propor inspection of land boilers and of machinery generally. We shall refer to the latter subject at a future opportunity. With reference to the conduct of the un paid magistracy, Mr. Roylaucc, the secretary, read a petition to the Legislative Assembly, in which the conduct of tho honorary magis trates is strongly animadverted upon. These gentlemen aro described in it ns unequal to the duties of their position, insuffi ciently informed respecting the laws they ltad to administer, nnd too often in fluenced by considerations of private in terest. Moreover, they aro represented as being divided into parties, and as being notoriously influenced by other considerations than those of the equity of the cases before mem. Alto petition reiers to recent scenes on tlio Bench, and to tho delay and neglect of tlio business of tlio Courts. Tito petition concludes with tho prayer that tlio Legislature will appoint duly qualified persons to adju dicate in the Courts, in whoso ability and im partiality tho public can have confidence. Now, a moro sweeping condemnation of the honorary magistracy of the city conld hardly be penned. In reading it, one is apt to imngino that the city referred to is New York, and not Sydney, fur it reminds us of the stato of tilings that existed there some time ago, when the magistrates were the tools of discreditable organisations and unprincipled adventurers. Can one- half of the allegations contained in this petition be true, and is it a fact that our minor courts of justico aro in a similar condition to thoso of Now York, where magistrates were notoriously under tiio influence of Jim Morrisoy, or the Tammany Ring? We hope, for tlio credit of the city, that tlio petition will provo to be gross exaggeration of the truth, and that, although tliero are inefficient nnd partial magistrates sometimes to ho met with, theso are the exception, and not the rule. Tho position taken up by tlio trades and Labour Council iu tiiis matter is a remarkable one. In the first place, the question naturally sug gests itself, wiiat lias this body to do with tlio conduct of tho magistracy, and is it not going out of its way in constituting itself a sort of Board of Public Safety in thus calling tlio attention of Parliament to their shortcomings ? Strictly speaking, it may be conceded that tlio Trades and Labour Council havo gone beyond their legitimate functions, but they may plead that tlio gravity of the evil of which they complain, and the fact that it cornea under their immediate notice in various ways, nro sufficient excuse for their drawing attention to tlio subject. Granting that this body is justified in the posi tion it has taken, what is still more romnrk- ablo is the fact that a Trades and Labour Council, which may be supposed to represent tlio great body of working men, and to sym pathise with the continued strugglo that is made by tliem for self government, should adopt a petition to the Legislature, which 13 a sweeping condemnation of an honorary magistracy and a demand for tho appointmcut of stipendiary magistrates ! It is n confes sion that the prinoiplo of appointing magis trates from the great body of tho people lias failed, and that wo must revert to tiie system of having our Courts presided ovor by paid magistrates appointed by tlio Govern ment on account of their knowledge nnd ability, and belonging to the class of Govern ment officials. Are wo to understand that a popular magistracy is to be superseded by nu official one — a curious suggestion to come from a popular body ! Tho Council ennnot mean tbis. Tliero aro certain glaring evils in tlio administration of justice in tbo inferior courts which they wish to havo cured, and wo believe that their suggestions should receive careful nttentiou. But it Bhould bo borno in mind that a wholly official magistracy would be productive of grievances of another kind, to remedy which honorary magistrates, selected from among the most suitable prominent citizens, hnvo boon appointed. It may bo that the persons who hnve been appointed nro not the most worthy, but, in too many cases, merely tho active electioneering agents and wire-pullora of members of Parliament. If that is bo, tho Council should havo made another suggestion. It is not sufficient to appoint moro stipendiary magistrates, but to revise tho list of honorary magistrates as well, and purge it of those who aro a discredit to tho community. Tho cubic news this morning contains an account of a terrible railway accident in Prance. By some extraordinary means, which are as yet unoxpjainod, two trains, travelling in opposito directions, got upon tlio same line, nnd mot while in rapid motion, near tho town of Cliaren- ton-lo-Pont, situated on tlio River Maine. Tho collision was of tlio most violent character, tlio carriages, 110 doubt, being reduced to splinters. At all events, tho effect of tlio accident was to kill thirty passengers outright mid seriously in jure fifteen _other3. A good doal of interest will felt jn tho .announcement that a meet ing be'twoon tlio EmjfoYbr William of Ger- many nnd tlio Czar of Russia lias been nrrnnged, though it has not as yet Iran- spirecf where the meeting will take pine j. There will bo considerable speculation in diplo matic circles as to tlio meaning of this con- ferenco of Crowned heads. Although it may be officially stated that it has no political signi ficance, it wiil be liarj to convince people that the growth of Socialism in the one country, nnd Nihilism in the other, does not constitute the chain of sympathy by which the Emperors are Doing urn wo logeiner. xnero is no ennnge in the position ot affaire in Afghanistan. The Ameer, Abdul Rahman, is still contemplating nn attack upon his mortal enemy, Ayoub Khan, in the vicinity of Candnhar, but so far lie has not commenced it. There appears to be a reasonable probability that the Ameer may succeed, tie has had large numbers of re cruits flocking to his standard at Klielat i-Ghilzee, nnd his army is therefore stronger than it lias been for a long time past. The news with which we have been furnished fails to give any clue to the sudden revulsion of feeling in favour of the Ameer amongst the native tribes. Of course there is a reason, and one reason which suggests itself is that the Ameer may have become possessed of sufficient funds to remunerate his troops in a manner commensurate with their risk. If this is the true explanation it is still a mystery where tiie money comes from. The interests of England lie in tho success of the Aineer, just as the interests of Russia rest on the success of Ayoub Khan. It would be significant, though it might not astonish people very much, if it should some dny transpire that while these rival aspirants for the throne have found the men to fig-lit, other and more important powers have provided the "sinews of war." The Tunisian difficulty is beginning to exhibit serious features. According to a telegram published in one of the London duilies, tlio Frencli president, M. Roustnn, lias sent a dispatch to Paris, stnting that lie lias received information leading liiin to believe that the Bey is acting under orders from the uiuuujj uuu jft Evcieuj' iiiuuiu uiu jcuuuuua Arabs to further resistance. M. Roustnn, there fore, recommends the Frencli Government to depose the Bey and occupy Tunis without further loss of time. Such a step would, as a matter of course, exasperate tho Mulunnedan population and tend to prolong the conflict, but the moro serious feature of tho ease lies in the possibility of a rupture witli Turkey. Should such a contingency occur, it is impossible to say where it would end, as other interests would became involved, and others Powers might be drawn into the conflict. Tlio munificent offer of the Rev. James Coutts, M.A., of Newcastle, to give £1000 to wards the erection of a sailors' home at that port, should be regarded by merchants witli maritime interests at stake, and whose vessels make 11 stay at our coal centre, as a step towards increasing their income, and should therefore bo largely supplemented by tliem. Jack ashore is a very different being to Jack at sea. On land lie very often becomes nil irresponsible pleasure- seeker, ready to bu fleeced by the unconsckui-" able sharks ever lying in wait for him in sea port towns ; by crimps who dose him with bad liquor ; and by women who beguile liiui from tlio paths of propriety. The gigantic " sprees" in which Beameii think it incumbent upon themselves to indulge tend to unlit them for duty in the case of 11 return voyage home. They rejoin their vessels after a holiday, suffer ing from the effects of drink, unnerved for the exercise of their arduous calling, and sometimes carrying with them germs of diseuse that will eventually sap their vitality. If, however, the sailor had a comfortable home ready for his reception when lie lands, where his food would be wholesome and his liquor good, in fact, a kind of marine club, the water-side publican would lie robbed of his prey, and the crimp of his spoil. Wo cannot believe that seamen are gross beyond their fellows, and an effort at Immunising tliem would surely be repaid by an improvement in their moral condition. While, however, a sailors' home should be conducted on principles of order and decency, "goody- goody- ism" should never be introduced. Tlio practical result (taken commercially) to bo achieved is Jack's physical weal, to care for his body so that ids employer may not bo deprived of his nuuioy's worth of work through drunk enness and disease. This end attained, morality and Christianity are hound to follow in duo course. The Assembly did 1101 meet tin after tlio re freshment hour yesterday, and then comparatively little business was done. The only matters of any n»te discussed in the Uouse wore the motions of Sir. Copffantl, who desired the colonies to recognise that they ought to p iy half the cost of maintain ing the protection afforded them by the Australian .Squadron, As it proved the second motion, which asked the House to affirm in a Committee of the Whole, that the contribution of this colony should be appropriated out of the proceeds of land sales wns out of order. This objectiou was taken by Mr. J. P. Abbott, and after Sir Henry Parkes had pointed out that it was contrary to the Constitution Act for the House to originate a vote of appropria tion, tlio Speaker upheld the point. Tho lirst motion, which in general terms stated that half the cost of such of Her Majesty's ships as nrc in commission on tbo Australian Station should be borne ratoably by the colonies und Ne.v Zealand, in proportion to the estimated population of each colony, was allowed to be put, and was negatived without a division. The House then, at ten minutes to 1(J, adjourned till the usual hour this ifrf»rnnnn. Kir Henry I'arkes is a stickler for Parliamentary etiquette. When Mr. J. P. Abbott rose in tin: Assembly last night to move half a page of dry matter affecting railway returns, couched iu all the wearisome prolixity of a lawyer's document, lion, members, wlio.-e thoughts were possibly 011 plea sure ben tat St. Vincent's llall, raised theory " fake it ns read I" The lion, member, with obedient courtesy, complied and sat down, after very briefly summing up bis laborious produc tion, but the Colonial Secretary, rising with dignity, mildly reproved this perfunc tory discharge of public duty, if, said lie, tho motion were worth submitting lo the llousu at all it was worth rinding to hon. member?, upon which the hon. member for Gunuedah, apparently not re lishing the hint in the way it was conveyed, rambled through tlio long and numerous clauses, but they were quito lost upou tho inattentive ears of the llousc. Tho business paper of the proceedings in tho Legislative Council to-night, includes the adoption of the report on the Criminal Law Amendment Bill, and the further consideration in committee of tho Influx of Chinese Restriction Bill. The order for the day, general business, is the third reading of the Vale of Clwydd Company's Incor poration Bill. The second day's racing of the A.J.C. Spring Meeting came off yesterday on tho Bandwiek course, when there was an attendance of nearly 10,000 people. The weather wns everything that could bo desired to aid the racing which, on the whole, was very good, and wns evidently enjoyed to the uttermost. The grand stand was crowded duriug each of the five races which constituted the day's proceedings, and among the patrons of the races were their Excellencies the Governors of Now South Walcsuud Vic'oria. The tramways were well patronised, and the very considerable traffic on the double line of rails was carried out iu a most satisfactory manner. The arrangements of the Club were in every respect marked with judgment and good taste, aud the sccrelnry especially is to bo complimented upon their completeness. Every thing passed off in n most plcasnnt nud orderly manner, and no accident of any kind occurred to mnr (he harmony of the meeting, which will bo continued to-morrow. A full report of yeslorduy's racing appears in another part of the paper. An action, iu which tho damages nro laid nt £5000, has been laid against the Minister for Works by n gentleman who claims to hnve been appointed some years ago to the Railway Survey Branch Department, but who has never been called upon lo do any work in connection therewith. Nevertheless, the sum named iB claimed for arrears of pay, ns it i9 nllcgod thnt the appointment wus made iu duo form, and that it has not been can celled. The writ is said to havo been served yes terday, and should the case como lo trial it will no doubt havo a good deal of interest for the public. At tho meeting of tho Executive Council yester day, it was decided to proclaim school districts No?. 42 to 51 inclusive, as districts to which tho compulsory clause of tlio Public Instruction Act shall apply, Tho wcalber yostorday was anything but agree able, a strong westerly wind raising olouds ofdust nearly all lho day. Towards evening it veered to the south-west and south-south-west, with a clear sky, and the night was exceptionally cold. The baromoter, which bad previously stood ot 29-8, rose rapidly to 30-3, indicating easterly weather, Tho now Victoria Hall, opposito St. James Schoolroom, Casllereagh-street, is to bo opened on Monday evening next. Tho hall is not yet quite fin idled, but is so far forward as to lead thoso who see it to think that when It is completed it will bo one of tho most comfortable, commodious, and iuviling among tho minor houses of amusement in the city. Tho hall is over 100 feet long by 30 foot wide, aud is vury tastefully decorated. The ceiling is lofty, nnd its ornamentation is of tho most pleasing description. At ono end of tho room is n very conyeijientiy prpppylionod stage, and nt tho other a baloon'y or upp'o'r eirolo. No cVpbn'6'0 has been spared in carrying out the arrangements, nnd tho result is likely to be a most compietcsucccs?. Such n hall ns this promises lo be, has long been wnnted, and tho new premises enter upon their career with the happiest auspices. Tho first enter tainment, to be given in the Victoria Hall, will bo under the direction of, Mr. D'Arcy Read. It will bo remembered that some throe or three and a half years ngo this gentleman afforded great amuse, racnt here by the production of his "ghost mystery, and this favourite performance is to 136 onco more givlm, and Wn have every reason to believe its attractiveness has in no way diminished since it was last benrd of. Yesterday, at the invitation of Messrs. Harrison, Jones, nnd Devlin, annmberof gentlemen assembled at their large wool stores, Circular Quay, to'witness the trial of a new passenger elevator j ust completed The firm has spnrcd no expense in making tho premises complete for their business, nnd the latest addition to the conveniences they have had con structed is a most' complete modern passenger elevator similar to the one which was erected in the north tower of the Garden Palace during tho Exhibition. This machinery, which was opened yesterday, is n double worm-wheel Whither ele vator, and is of most ma?sive and finished work manship. It is driven by the steam engine already in the building, and travels up the whole height, nearly SO feet. The car is enclosed with varnished wood and net-work, and will nccommodnte nbout 20 persons, and carries six bales of wool when not required for passengers. All tbo most recent safety appliances are provided to prevent accidents from cither a broken rope, or from n bale of wool ob- striteting the hatchways. On each floor the hatch ways are enclosed with varnished lattice work and sliding doors to prevent accidents from persons fnllinK down or getting in tho way of the Cage. The machinery has been erected and the whole of the joiner's work carried out by Messrs. Hudson Bros., under the direction of Mr. Norman Sclfe, O.E., M.I.C.E. After the machinery had been tested, but one opinion was expressed by the comp my, and that was that the smooth nnd steady working of the lift Was nil that could be desired, and that it was bound to be duly appreciated by those whom it will save from the otherwise tiring work of ascending to tho top of the building. The verdict on the elevator being satisfactory, the members of the firm invited the company to the Mfllft JYinm If! mntn nnnl Rita Lui no iltn nrin. cipat arrangements here seemed to be connected with Most and Chaudoii, it is safe to say that this portion of the business was as satisfactory as tbo more prosaic part which preceded it. A grand billiard maicii will take place at 1'crkin's Royal Exchange Hotel on Thursday night next, between Byrne, of Melbourne, and J.imcs, of Sydney, for £400, only a limited num ber of tickets are issued at 10s each. On the following Monday a tournament will take place, for a purse of sovereigns and n set of plate, between eight of the best pi ivers in the colonies, Mr. 10. Newton lumdicapner. All entries are lo be handed in by 10 o'clock 011 Friday evening next. Michael Buckley, a young man 22 years of age, having 110 occupation, appeared at lho Water Police Court yesterday 011 a charge of breaking into the dwelling house ot Ellen Irwin, nt No. Hi llutchinsiin-street, Surry Hills, und stealing there from a pair of gold earrings valued at ISs (id. Upon the evidence of Constable Baxter, who apprehended the prisoner tlio previous day, and who stated that tliero were others concerned in tho robbery who were not yet iu cusiody, the Bench remanded the prisoner until next Tuesday. Bail was allowed, himself in £20, aud two sureties iu £10 each. A licensing meeting wns held at lho Water Police Court at nojn yesterday. The magistrates present were Messrs. Reading (Chairman), Hart, nnd Smith. Annie Bateson applied for a transfer of her license for the Hunter llivcr Inn, Sussex-street, to Thomas Bcgley. Tho application was granted. John William Johnson applied for a transfer of his license for the Star Hotel, North Shore, Balm lin, to Chnrlcs J. B. York. The application wus post poned for a fortnight. George Patrick applied for a transfer of his license to Thomas Winterbottom. Granted. An auctioneer's license was granted to William H. Veal, and two Chinamen obtained pack licenses. On last Friday night two prisoners, named Frederick Havnes nnd Patrick O'Loghlan, at tempted to make tlicir escape from their cell in the Ynss Gaol. These two prisoners, with another named Harris, were confined in the one cell, nnd ou Saturday morning the cell was found to be greatly damaged. Two bricks were taken out of the doorway, and the plaster was removed from all round the stone outside, which contains the bolt. The wire at tho window in the iron door was also preatlv dnmnued. Harris cave evidence to having heard the accused, on the night previous, at work scraping at the door and wall. Haynes aud O'Loghlan were committed for trial. A death from drowning occurred ntWingham on Friday week. A child named Higgins, aged four, wnile playing in tho yard of a friend's house, fell into a deep well. He was not missed for an hour, and when discovered was quite dead. Yesterday a labourer name 1 John Hardy was admitted into the Infirmury, suiferihg from a severe injury to the fool. While splitting somo wood with an axe at Gannon's Forest the tool slipped, and penetrated his right foot from the back to the sole, lie was admitted, nnd the wound dressed. Early yesterday morning, Mrs. Crawley, of 111 Pitt-street, reported at the No. 2 Station, that her infant child had died in her arms. The health of the child since its birth (seven weeks ago) having been very bad, and medical artendauce having been called in, an inquest wns deemed unneces sary. Dr. Hughes delivered a lecture, entitled " Brad- laugh and Universal Emancipation," at the Academy, on Sunday evening. After nn appro priate introduction, the lecturer dwelt some con siderable time upon Richard U.irlylo, and his hard persecution and imprison incut, nnd then went on to say — Bmdluugh was a man worthy of U'lmira- tion, because he lias proved himself an uncompro mising enemy to king craft, priest craft, arid every oilier craftiness of the age. He is a champion of political nnd religious liberty. He is a noble sol dier, fighting under tho golden oainicr of truth against error, darkness nnd superstitious credulity. The lecturer contended we should sympathise with him in his sufferings in lho cause of humanity, ami cheer him on iu his noble exertions for lho good of his f.-llow-inan. The discourse was listened to with the keenest interest by a very extensive audience, and the lecturer .."as heartily applauded, Dr. Hughes' next lecture will have for its subject, " Biblical Bon-bons," The bind of tho Now South Wales Artillery will perform in the Botanical Gardens this aflcrnoun, from 3.80 p.m. until 5 p.111. (weather p:rmilting), under the conductorehip of B uid master Penuell. Programme — Murol), " Tliu Sua Lion," 1L Round ; v.ilse, " Lily ot tho North," .Marriott ; fantasia, " Hound the Clock," Riviere ; quadrille, ' Battle ot Austerlilz," Metealf ; valse, Weill Weil Uu Gesang," Strauss ; selection, " AroUlo," Verdi ; galop, "Frolic," Ilartmanii ; "God Savo the Queen." There will not bo any lawn tennis nt Victoria Barracks 011 Thursday afternoon, ns the baud are engaged at the Rand wick races, In oitr issue of yesterday ono or two clerical mis takes crept into tho notice of tho starting of Messrs. Dickson and Sous' new engine at Iron Cove, ou Saturday. The governors are controlled by a " cata ract" cylinder, not a " calendar" cylinder. The chair- uian was Mr. James Murray, representative of Messrs. Marshall, Son and Co., the makers of tho engine, not Mr. -Murray, of Gibbs, Bright, aud Co., tho agents fer tile firm. Concerning our report of tho recent fire at the pre mises of Messrs. Tato Brothers, Sussex-street, we .aro infoimetl that tho largo stream of water, which was chieliy the means of extinguishing the fire, wns from the Nu. 2 mauual engine, and not from the Insurance steam engine, which did not work at all. Tenders aro called for tho supply of provisions 10 tho Sydnoy Coff'eo Tavern Company, which will bo received up to Saturday, 10th instant. Doctors William Daly, S. M. Call'yn, and J. If. Hill, havo been appointed tho Government Medical officers to visit cases of small-pox, or of roputcd siuall-pox in Sydnoy and suburbs, and it is requested that eases of sickuoEs of a doabtrul character be re ported without dolay to auy of tho abovo gentlemen, Moorclifl'o Houso, Miller's Point, or at any of the police stations. On the occasion of the opening of tho Parrauiatta Hospital Bazaar to-day, '.the Southern passenger train leaving Syduoy at 1 p.m., will run through to 1'arra- uratta. 