BREVITIES.\ Williftm Brown was executed .this manu&nL; . Next Sunday the oensus will be taken in V«g*on«» Several oases of claim-jumping *re repertedvnnt: the Temora district. . 1 Bain ia reported to hare fallen in the coostrr «W ' rounding Bourke. A seaman of the Dnaafrieshirefell from aloft wkil- I enterUg the Port Phiiip Hraca, and was killed. ; Telesrrams from Victoria state that ram ha* fallen plentifully throughout the country. JaBanese man-of-war officers andcadete are bneilj ' engaged sight- seeing in the city. ' It has been decided to bring the Moonta (S.A.; Mining Company under the Limited Inability Act. ' A Citizen ' writes, deploring the delay is th« erection of the new Free Public Libraty. / Frisquette season commences early iu May, and & game U arranged for ia fashionable circles ahortly. Tonters complain that the tramcars don't oom m-oice running early esougb. towards Rand wick. .- correspondent suggests that the Queen's statue in the Garden Palace should be removed to Wynyard Square. Mr. W. J. Foster's notion, that ths mover of the ' second reading of a bill Bhould have the right of reply, comes on in the Assembly to-night. At the Water Police Court, yesterday afternoon, James Farrell was committed to trial on a charge of perjury, bail being allowed. It has been suggested that i here »rs sufficient or namentsin the Garden Palase grounds to spare on* for the centre of the Wynyard-square enclosure, which looks very bare at present. Tie Collingwood roughs now turn their attention to lamplighters, whom they beat with their lijhticff pcles. The police in that district have kad a bad time of it lately. The Minister for Railways, Victoria, bas decided to publish the names of otiendet* Against the rail way bye-laws, and exhibit them at the different sta tions, as in England. Mr. James Mnnro has been elected- as tbe' candi date fer the Reform League for the representation of North Meloonrae. The election is oil. account of the decease of Sir. Story, the late member. Several missionaries at Kalo, New GuineB, have been massacred. They comprise four teachers, two- of their wives, four atiiJdr«n, and two native ser vants. A correspondent -telegraphs from Euston that a public dinnor and demonstration was given to Mr. Walsh, sub-collector of Customs, on his departed from EnetoB. An attempt at suicide was made by a road ganger! named Hextall, who cut hia throat with a knife which' he bad secreted in his boot while in his cell on a. charge of larceny at Auburn (S.A.). While a reverend speaker last night was warning? his hearers -n the Protestaat Hall that the working1 classes might yet have to work seven days for sir days' wages, same one in the audience shouted out s ' You get six dayE' pay forone day's wort.' At a court-martial held on board the Wolverene, yesterday, a gunner -jf the Eoyal iRirines was sentenced to two years hard labour aad dismissed! from the service on a charge of theft, committed while at Hobart TEe dome of tb.9 Central Pohoe Court will, it notiqod from our beautiful harbour, rival that of the International Exhibition building, as it is beinp covered with, corrugated iron. It will be, when finished, a doubtful ornament to tLe city. Tiie Newtown-road, at the bottom, near tho Glebe, is in a e&njjerons; and disgraceful condition, and i£ not soon repaired will bo the cause of a eerioura accident We desire to cb.U tha attention of tha authorities to it, in the hope that repairs will ba spBedily effected. It appears from the Oeange Liberal that a map taken into the Orange Hospital in a state o£ insensi bility refnseu to pay iqp the treatment while there, notwithstanding be bad on him a deposit receipt for £170. The authorities haro vety wisely detained th« deposit receipt. At the Central Police Court to-day, Jaracs Kingr9 G4, for _ being drunk in Hyde Park, was fined 5s, and, for using abusive language, 40s or a month. Mar garet Hanlan-, 53, for similar offences, was fined 50a, and Mary Mulcuby was sent to gaol for six months with hard labour, for having no lawful means c£ support. Like niming manager ot tne JNiortn Garden emijy Freehdid Company was committed for trial at Sand hurst yesterday, for imprisoning two persons in the mine for one hour against their will. The defence) was that he was taking- precautions te prevent an, accident. As offer was made by the imprisoned men, of .£20 for their release, bat it was stated that hs wanted .£20 from each. The InB»eetor for the Soeiety for the Proventioit of Cruelty to Animals wonld do well to pay a visit to a certain house id Bourke-streot, in which several: foreigners reside. One of the occupants of tke- house there has of late beoa in tbe habit ef tmmerci 1'ully beating a fise dog in his possession, without the slightest provocation. The piteous yslk ef tha poor animal are constantly grinding on the ears of the neighbours. It the.se foreigners have net been taught to treat dumb animals with some little con sideration at home, it would augur well lor their future to give them a salutary lesson whilst abroad. In' reply to tho correspondent ' S,' who ia Satur day's News, complains of tram conductors* care lossaess and abuse of passengers, ' F. J. I.' writes : 'Travelling as I do atmoHt constantly to and fro, I speak from experience, and safely assert that it would be difficult to find a better conducted or more oblig ing set of men : and while at times things do happen .enough to ruffle the temper of even a Job himself, E never saw ene lose his self-possession.' ' 8,' is evi dently full of complaints, bat when h* gees so far as to accuse of carelessness, this accusation in the f&ca; of ' results' ip overdoing the thing, and in the in terest of carei'nl and deserving omcials, his etate merits should net go forth uncoctradieted. Tets Governor's Dream. — We are told that Sir Joshua lleycolds believed ia pictures, and Dr. Samuel Johnson believed in the Cock Lane Ghost. There wore wonderful talcts about that ghost in Dr.1 Johnson's time, bat equally wonderful tales have bees told of many of cor early governors, and tbia is one of them. One of his majesty's pro-aoBBuls who ruled Australia more than (SO years ago took great pleasure in rowing and Bailing en the Patramatt* Eiver. One summer afternoon he was passing by Glades Bay, the vreatlier wan sultry, ana there was scarcely wind enough to move the boat through tha. water, and the man at the helm almost fell asleep at his post; the governor himself Bltpt, and ha dreamed a dream. Ik his dreata he sees all thehill* on his right, through which the Ground North; Read now passes, coveied with the bnilcings of a mighty city ; he saw in hie dream splendid theatres,, hotels, ohuxcb.es, shops, terraces of gr,&nd; lionseBji and be algo saw what he took for elophncta spouting', steam through their trunks aad drawing long iinea of carriages filled with passengers at a rapid rate. Bat, strange to relate, his dream did not tell bha.1 that tbe place be saw would, in 1S31, be callede Eltham, and that it would be surveyed into buildingy lotB by Mr. Surveyor BiB&op;, aud that, on the 2nd of; April, 1881, it would be sold on the grouna by Mills. Pile, and Gilcheist. Call for a lithograph.—) Advt^ 