THE MYSTERIES OE CRIME; OE, The Experiences oe an Edinbtjbsh Detective. i BY JAMBS McGOVAN. [Published by special arrangement •with the Author. All rights reseryed.] Thibd Sebies—No. V. A STRANGE PRESENTIMENT. « A young girl, purty enough to make ye wish ye wor young and unmarried, cryin' her eyes out," said McSweeny to me, with an expressive nudge, one morning as I entered the office. "You'd -better see to her. I'm too big-hearted for them jobs— me feelin's gets the better of me cleverness." " Lost something, I suppose ?" I returned; "a ring, or a locket, perhaps?" "'Tisn't the locket, but the man that was in it," said McSweeny, with a half solemn; half comical look. "If he was living I daresay I moight find him, but a dead man lies uncommon quiet." .. " He's dead, then ?" I echoed, with a whistle of dismay. "Head as a herrin'—spirited away by ghosts or something," said McSweeny, at last reluctantly revealing the truth, and the cause of his own shunning of the task. ' I grinned out in his face at the discovery. "If it had been thaves or robbers, ye know, Jamie," he sheepishly hastened to add, "I'd have faced a whole army ov them; but them other things—" and he shuddered palpably," they're befit managed by them that doesn't belave in them; and Jamie," he added, as a sop of flattery to hide his own cowardice, "I'll match you agin all the world for that." I gave him a not very gentle punch in the ribs and left him. The girl in question was seated, only a few yards off, concerned> tearful, and pretty, by the side of ah elderly woman whom I took to be her mother. I quietly motioned them out of the busy " reception room," and then said to the girl— " I believe you wish us to help you ?" " Yes, sir—if you would be so kind," said the mother, speaking for the girl, who had suddenly become choked with emotion. • " Has there beenany crime committed ?" I abruptly enquired, unwilling to waste time on a case with which, after all, I might have no right to trouble myself. I " Yes, I, think there has been foul play," said the mother, "and there might be that even allowing that he had the .presentiment that he was to die on the fifteenth. As ,for Jessie, my daughter there, she's not able to think anything about ;it. They were to have been married in a fortnight; you know; so, you will understand her feelings." ; I bowed and waited for the girl to speak^ feeling not much enlightened by. what I had heard. I slowly sharpened a pencil and got out my note-book, and then quietly said— ! " What was your lover's name ?" I "John Allan." His trade—a joiner—rand address and age followed, and then the girl was able to. speak with, tolerable clearness and calm-' ness. ! "We have been engaged for two years,'! she said, " and the house was taken and furnished. Poor fellow 1 he spent all his Bavings—above fifty pounds—on the fur nishing, and was happy as could be till the: presentiment came upon him." "The . presentiment? : What's that, pray?" - "Just a strange presentiment which he would hardly tell me about, that he was to die on the 15th of this month. For months he seemed to be dowie and sad, and so silent and uneasy like that I made sure he was ill, but when I spoke of it he only! laughed and roused himself a little, and said he never was better in his life. Only once he let out a little by saying abruptly,1 'Isn't this the month of June, Jessie ?' and then when I said,' Yes,' he added with a queer look,' If anything should, happen to me before the month is out, you'll mind that all I have is yours.' I felt horrid when he said it, though I pretended to laugh at the idea, .because I guessed that he was thinking of his bedfellow, who was killed before his eyes by falling from a house that they were raofing. You must know, too, that he was not a believer in ghosts, nor superstitious in any way, and, knowing that, it frightened me the more to see him so grave and solemn. " Naturally. And when did the ghost: come to him ?" " I didn't know anything about that, for; he would never tell me what was troubling him and making him so absent and strange in his manner—till the day before yesterday,'■ when his landlady sent along to our house; to.see if he had stayed with us all night, as; his room was empty when she went to wake him, and everything left just as if he < had been going to bed, but suddenly! changed his mind and.walked out. He had , taken off his.watch, and wound it up and! hung it up beside his bed, where he could see it easily in the morning. He had put! his clean apron and working jacket on a; chair close by, and disturbed nothing, butj he had gone out of the house between ten. and eleven o'clock so softly that his land lady thought he was in bed and locked the; door oh him." Well, and: when did he come back ?" "He. didn't come back at all," said the: girl with tears;" his body hasn't even been found yet, and that distresses me more than ; anything". "Then how did you know about him j seeing a ghost r" "I'll tell you about that. His landlady ■ when I went along showed me a letter : addressed to me and , an empty laudanum bottle which she found on the table.. Here i is the paper that was inside the envelope, i written in his own hand," and the girl ! handed me some sheets of notepaper, very '. closely written in a plain and rather school boy hand. This paper, I regret to say, I have not preserved, as I had no thought at the time of •writing these experiences; but I will try to give its contents as faithfully as possible from memory. The record was not addressed to any one in particular, but simply began thus— " In case anything should happen to me on the 15th of May, I wish to write down an account of what I have seen and heard, which folks would only, laugh at if I told them beforehand. I, was sitting reading at the window in my room one night about a month ago. There was no gas lit, though the light in the room was not very good, as it was getting late. If I had not been reading I daresay I would have had the gas lit. While I sat there, with the booh in my hand, I happened to look up, and saw as clearly as I now see the paper before me my oid friend and bedfellow, Jim Paterson, walking across the room toward ) me. The door of the room wasshut at tin lime, and, so far as I know, had never been opened, but it did not strike me at tin time as strange how he had got in'; iior did I at first remember that he was dead, or think it strange that he should appear. | I was not frightened in . the .least, hut looked up at his face as' coolly as if he Had been still alive and able to understand what I said, fie came close up to me; hut did not sit down, and then I saw that he was dressed exactly as he had been on the day | he fell from the roof and was killed. The * clothes, more than anything, reminded me j that Jim was dead, yet T can't say that I felt any fear even then, or thought particu larly about him being a ghost. He leant his elbow on the shutter, and crossed his legs as he had done a hundred times in my sight, and looked down, saying softly, 'I'm wearyingto see you,: Johnny. Don't you miss me a good deal P' -I said 'Yes, a great deal,' and then he looked pleased, and said as quietly,' I think I'll come for you.on the 15th of next month. Would you mind and be ready " I did hot think particularly of what the words meant, but said carelessly, 'All right, Jim—I'll be ready.' Then he nodded as pleased like as before, and while I sat look ing up in his face he straightened himself and faded away into nothing. I don't know whether he faded quickly or slowly, for I lost all idea of time while he was before me; but when I found I was looking hard at the bare painted shutter instead of at him I jumped up and looked round, trembling with fear for the first time. :The room was almost dark By that time, and I go+ across it as quick as I could j and opened the door, and was very near calling the landlady, when I remembered how silly it would appear to say I had' seen a ghost. I- closed the d oor again and lit the gas, and saw ho more 'of the ghost' that night." " When I came to think of what the thing had said I began to fear that it meant that I was to die on the 15th, and my only dread was that I would get thinking so much' about it that I might'reallyfall ill and die at the'-time through the power of imagination, A week or so later Jim appeared again, this time in the early morning, when the room was just dark enough to make things hazy. He seemed to be sitting on a chair at the table, leaning his head on his hands, and looking round to the bed. All be said was— V. "' Mind, be ready at midnight on the 15th,' and then . he faded away as he had done before., I was frightened now, and made up my mind that whatever- happened I would not go out to work on the 15th, and that I would take a good big. dose of laudanum.tbat night so as to sleep past the hour he named; and to make sure of not dying through the mere fear of the time earning. A body doesn't like to drop off just a week or two before they're to be married—they would rather put it off for a year or two; and though I had no doubt in my own mind that the appearance I saw was just as much imagination as anything else, I couldn't help feeling uneasy as the time drew near. Last night the thing came again, as pleasant as possible, saying, '• I'm wearying for - twelve o'clock to-morrow: night—mind and be ready.' •'I couldn't say I was wearying for it; so I made no answer, and got in two penny worth of laudanum to dose myself into a good sleep. "I've got over the day.all right. I didn't go out to work, saying I wasn't very well, so there was ho fear of an accident. I've taken thirty'drops of laudanum, but it doesn't seem to have the slightest effect in making me sleepy. I think I'm too excited. " I have taken other ten drops, but don't feel Bleepy yet. I'm afraid to take more in case I poison myself, and so bring on the. very mischief I'm trying to avert. T'see lots- of- feces about; and they qre not .the, prettiest in, the world. I think I'll walk out for a" little to get rid ol them.- There's no sleep for me——: - j There .was- ho signature at the-, paper; which ended thus abruptly, but the young girl, who gave her name'-as Jessie Eraser, assured me that there could be ho doubt whatever that the whole was writtten by. her lover, and meant for her to read, as it' was enclosed in an envelope bearing her name. - •' '' . -; When I had; finished the reading, and handed back the paper to its owner, I was as ignorant as ever as to what I was, expected to do. "And you say your lover has disappeared?; —has never been seen since-that night?; Have you no idea of any place to which he' might have been called unexpectedly ?" " No, no; if be weren't dead he would have either written or come to see me," wa3 the hysterical reply. " He has no relations or friends to go to, and, even if he had, would never leave me in agony and siispense. Besides, he has left every article he pos sessed behind—his bank-book, arid watch,; and clpthes, everything but the things he stood,in." : . " Have you been to bis work to see if they know aught about him p. 'Xl sent there at once, but they had not seen him, and thought he was at home,; unwell," "Well, now, you spoke of a crime hay ing been committed—out with your worst suspicions on the matter." Some hesitation came over both mother. and. daughter, but at length the former said— • "We would never have thought .of it but for the disappearance of Allan. It was a spiteful hussy called Maggie Bell that;' put the thought into our heads. It 13 well • known that she was once dyinir to get him for herself—she actually asked him to marry her last year, which was leap year—and no joke in the- matter, and when he offered her a dress instead she wouldn't have ic, saying as bold as you like that it was him she wanted, not the dressy which she could buy fifty times over if she had a mind. That was because her grandfather had died and left them some money—not much, I think—her share could not have been above two or three hundred pounds, but these things are always exaggerated a deal.": "What, and do you mean to insinuate -that this Maggie Bell would try to do her favorite a bodily injury ?" I exclaimed, with the most marked incredulity. " Non sense !—that is not a woman's way of revenging herself—more likely that she should turn her venom upon you." " Oh, she did that too," bitterly exclaimed Jessie. ' " She tried incessantly to work mischief between us, and did me' all the injury she could. It was that and some thing she said to a friend of mine which made me first suspect her." . " What; did she say to your friend ?" " They were speaking about, our marriage, and what a grand affair it was to be, when this Maggie Bell, 'who thinks she is a lady because she plays the piano a little and doesn't need to wort, said very spitefully, ' Ah, they're not married yet; you'd better speak of the wedding after it's over.'" _ " And what do you suspect her of doing ? Getting up the ghost business to frighten him?" "No, no, that might,have been real enough. What I fear is that she has got some one to attack him or put him out of the way. She is wicked enough for any thing, and you know money will do a deal." I could scarcely repress, a smile at her energy and flimsy reasoning. " You may give me this girl's address, if you please," 1 said at length, " but I may frankly tell you'that I think your view of the case a most absurd one. You have not the dightest proof that your lover is dead, yet you plainly hint that he has been mur dered at the .instigation of this young woman." " Either that or drugged and kept out of the way, so that there may be no marriage, or that I may be driven mad with suspense and grief," said the girl, again shedding tears. "Of course you can't look at these things ■with my eyes; you are a man and can't be expected to feel for a stranger." ' "I do feel for you.; but my only diffi culty js to know how I can help 'you," I soothingly answered. "I will fry what. I can do, but do not be disappointed'if. X .make nothing of it." (V„ I';' • : " I will be disappointed—verymuch die w alia wifVi -ovfifl flnftrlrlinn appointed," she cried, with^ eyes sparkling \-- " I've heard you can with eager joy. sift anything, however difficult^ to'ittvejy core., I'm sure you wiUfJUiiwyet.'this and you put my mind at ease." . i.; I thanked her, but felt anything but confident of such a gratifying result; and the more I thought over the case after their departure the less I cared for the task. My only hope was that the missing man would suddenly turn up in the midst of my in vestigations and tender some very simple explanation of his absence, and thus relieve me and save my reputation at the samn time. John Allan, I found, had lodged with a respectable widow in Greenside, and had been engaged on- a block of houses in course of construction near the foot of Leita Walk, I had resolved to try to trace him first, and then endeavor to find out if there was any connection between his disappearance or death, and the* young woman to whom my attention nad been directed. The mere disappearance of Allan had already been reported to us, hut such things are so common that no very active steps had been taken to discover him. Now, however, I had a clue, and, poor as I might think it, it was better than none, and I determined to work, it'to its utmost. Allan's lodgings were my fiist care. 1 was shown his room and effects exactly as he had left them, and had some difficulty in concealing a sceptical grin when the identical shutter against which the ghost had leant was pointed out to me. Only one discovery resulted from this visit. Lying in a corner I found an odd number of > paper devoted to spiritualism, the name of which Ifforget, but which had in front a lively representation of a man with plenty of white beard Mid hair, wielding a pair of compasses on a globe and'surrounded by floating figures wearing calico shirts a mile too long for them, with numerous halos, suns, and flying comets in a general state of topsy-turyiness. 1 looked at the contents of the paper for a moment, and then said to myself— " Well, this accounts for his ghost-seeing at any rate." Yet, when 1 questioned his landlady I found that the missing, man was no believer in spirits in this purely vulgar sense, and had never to her knowledge possessed him self of more than this one odd number of the paper in question. The landlady gaye it as her opinion, when showing me.the empty laudanum bottle, that Allan had taken an overdose and wandered out, and then lain down in some out-of-the-way corner, and there fallen,asleep for.ever. There was a. certain plausibility about the suggestion, and for want of abetter clue I asked wbere be was in the habit of spending, his evenings. To this I got no very definite reply, ~and leaving 'the house made my way to the block of biiildings'at the foot of Leith Walk. Here every one of the men had heard of his disappearance, hut not one of them had seen'"him since the fatal night. One man, however, while saying" so, said, rather abruptly— ' ; : " I believe Geordie, the watchman, saw him—at-least, he says sp;'but,'naaybe he was drunk at the time, and saw.;wh^t .wasna there." . ..,' .! " Where can I see Geordie ?" Was my prompt enquiry; and then I got the address, and was told that Geordie was, simply an old joiner, too frail and rheumatic to work, but who was kept on as a watchman by the firm : he had' served, for" half" a century. Geordie watched the buff dings and slept by day;; so, When1 T called'at? his ' humble lodgings he was' snoring coihfbrt bHt. •• ably. _ "They tell me that you saw'John' ^ffiah on the night he ; went amissmg ?" I said, when I had-roused him and explained my business. His whole expression - becanie •- grave and-f earful in a moment;': ' "It wasna him sir," he said in an awed voice; "it was his speerit." • :c " His speerit ?—did he say so ?" i • : r.t ■ "No; but I'm sure it was. I was watch ing tbe building as usual >when I heardva fit in the shops below, and gaed doonto see it ony body was stealing wudd; When :-I got doon lsaw a man walking iacross.:the joists towards the end door,, and crie'd, >'Hullo, you!' Then•;he - stoppit ;and turned roond, and I saw that it was Allan. 'Hoo are ye the nicht ?' says l, never think ing o' ghqsts, ' an what's brought ye doon here P' ,I'm cold, cold—awful cold-rand wet,' he said, and then he gied his sel'. a kind o'shake as if to get the dreepin' weet aff his claes, and gaed awa' like , a knotless thread." - ;•• "Was it a wet night—raining " As dry as a biscuit," significantly re turned the-old man, with an awed look. "There wasna a drap o' rain the hale nieht." • " What could he mean by .saying he was wet, then ? Could he mean drunk ?" " It wasna him; it was his speerit," again observed the old watchman, in a reproving "Well, his speerit then," I impatiently continued. "Do speerits get wet'like ordinary mortals ?" - The old man looked at me pityingly, and then said impressively-— . ; "JVly opeenion is that he was droonedi and if his body's fund maybe, ye'll find I'm richt." - ' '! " What time, as near as you can re member, would it be when you saw him ?" I asked, waiving the point.; * (* Nomony minutes after-the stroke o' twal," Baid the watchman;' in anj^awed whisper. HflH letmnff "1 suppose you have heard something about thepaper' he left behind Mm?"^I coolly remarked'/ - " Ou, ay; I heard something about ;it," he answered, slightly- disconcerted' by ' the questionbut I kent it was his 'speerit afore that." " Did you say so to any one ?" - • "SSK& "No; but I thoucht it"' MSI I could make no more" of Geordie,'; so 'I left him to finish his slumbers, after making sure that he had actually' seen Allan, and not some one resembling him. I thought it a: strong piece of presumptive evidence in favor of the " strange presenti ment" business falling through that Allan had been seen and spoken to c/ter the fatal hour; yet the very next fact that came in my way seemed at one sweep to tear awav every prop to my persistent belief.' From Geordie's lodging I went to the Police Office in Constitutioh?street,' Leith, to enquire if - any trace of Allan had been found, and there, to iny intense surprise, I •wjas shown a felt hat, sodden with water and green slime, which had been hut a few hours in their possession, havingbeen picked up in- the harbor by one of the tide-waiters, and taken there direct. 'There was nothing particularly staggering in having a felt hat put before one, but on looking at the leather lining I read as plain as pen could make it, and in the un mistakable hand of the missing man, the words— " John Allan, Joiner, No, ——, Greenside." It did not exactly follow that becj hat had been found floating harbor that it had been placed ibeheadof the owner insida confess that in the light gleanings 1 was not a litj" said— "Hadn't you bette ' dragged P "It's just possible that the man, in a EaH-etupefieil'staiti/ jmay have, wandered Vth'ere.'and' fallen in;"1 "• " They're dragging it now. You will see thein at ili if you care to go do wn," was the * prompt reply. I did. care to go down, and indeed spent the greater 'part of, the day wptching the ' operations, Eat as no trace of a'body of any „ k^id^WM found, I began to be hopeful that; ^my bwn priyate, view of the case^ which I had stated to no one—might turn,;out a aoundone. , , .. >, " I had' promised that I' would ascertain whether Jessie Fraser'S rival had spitefully ; planned the ; injury' of which' Allan . was supposed to have been the victim, and 'accordingly I next day called at the address given end asked to see " Miss Bell." A person whom I took to be her mother answered the door, .and — somewhat evasively, I thought—told me that her daughter "was not.in," and immediately followed with an inquisitive, " Was it any thing particular ? If you " leave . your message it will be all right," It did not suit me either to reveal my basiness'or leave a message, and as I could get no definite information as to when her daughter would be at home, I had to leave, saying I would call again. My impression on leaving was that the young, woman hud actually been' in the house all the time, and simply did not wish to see me, but in.this T was very far wrong. I called on the .day following Uhd several others with no better '. 'success, and then '' getting angry, I set a Watch On the house for two .days and nights without intermis sion, with, the result that Miss Bell was not K ohce' Tseen either approaching or leav 'ing thdhouse. {I then, called, again; Shd put ^the'question plump and1 plain,Is' your daughter not out of town?";j 1 . . ; r,~V The woman appeared' staggeBad' by the ^'question, and not,a little confused. but she recovered quickly, and said "No • with a boldness, that convinced me .'she was lying. .Now there/was. nothing in the , w,omau : defusing Her daughter-to ine, or even'lying ..when clpse pressed, Bit what, object could ahe have! in so doing ? She must have dreaded1 something—had something; to con ceal. - What that something was I resolved to find out. The girl was out of town— what_ more likely than .that" she should " occasionally write to her mother P v I had . the post-office. authorities called in to assist 'ine, and'some weeks later got a look .at a Tletter,bearing the Liverpool postmark/ and ;cbttaiffiy.written by Maggie Bell, , though ^amply./Signed "Tour;loving daughter, 1 JWuffie":/.The letter,1 however, revealed ! little or, nothing, being, brief and enigmatical 'm/the,/extreme, but/X got ,froih /it her addrCss/! and was debating with myself /whether,'it would be worth while to make rn&e; of the information at once or wait till ;.shp ^turned to Edinburgh, when a strange "incident wals, reported to' Allan's affianced which 'decided the question very promptly; v/.Close; to,1 George's Landing Stage, in "Liverpool/is a, building used for .public baths, outside of which, next to the river, is ] a. portico with a wooden seat running' along 'its entire length, on which the greasy rwharf loafers play at draughts'with pebbles or granite chips for days together. The seat, " indeed, is worn into diamonds with the repeated ' scraping of. the extemporised draught men, while the players seemed worn .(down to the lowest stage of rags and dirt, "biid' fight and swear over their pebbles as /hotly .as it is possible to do oyer the "finest Xvbiy men.1 I'know the spot well/for there I once.watched for three dayfi on Slid' fpr a ibukh' customer who had vanished in that directionfrom Edinburgh,andwholknew /was a great 'draught- player, and 'got; him, ! iijo, as neatly as possible', before he had tiine to bring the pebbles out of his, pocket. ' ;u!WeU,inthia por tico'there was seated one evening ash'opmate of J ohn Allan, who was /oh-; the, eve of leaving! for America, - The 8m was down, though the light was still jgood;,and there,he saw John Allan coolly Ivfslking/past. Their eyes met,;and, the '^tending emigrant nearly dropped intp his Rapes', in. horror.. _ . , !/ !/ " Good God/. Allan, I thought you were 1,dead !"he exclaimed. The other started—or seemed: to start— and said/'f So .I am/' and. then passed on -and was lost to.sight. So quickly had the . whole .thing ^ taken place, and >so staggered (.wasiihe man at the. strange reply, that he imadeVno attempt to follow the figure, ;but (.contented himself with sending a note to .Jessie jFraser detailing the facts. ■ ■ . :;lt This letter the yonng girl at once brought • t6'me,fcthbugh positive that, the man had been'deceived by some one bearing a atrik • ing resemblance to the lost lover for whom -she wis then! actually wearing mournings. •"Then; she-1 noticed my grave silence, • and, • pfessing.me hard, discovered that I belie ved the appearance to be neither anothermah resembling Allan, nor a spirit, but the veri table man, alive and in health; after which "I had; to "reveal to herthe suspicious fact ■ that her rival was actually living in Liver 'jpool, and possibly with the man she was so sincerely mourning as dead. Still the poor "girl refused to accept my theory, implying as it did1 a callousness and base trickery on ;the part of her lover of which she firmly believed him to be incapable. .. i /'He hated Maggie Bell—he told me so a hundred times," she firmly persisted. " He would ntver have any tiling to say to her, and I've seen him pass net on the street without alobk or a smile.. No, 111 believe anything hut that." -After a'day or two's reflection, however, andsomegrave consultation withher friends, she came, back to me, asking if I would go •uprfo. [Liverpool and .ascertain the truth if all the expenses were paid.. I could have goti.all the information she wished, in a much easier fashion by simply writing to ithe authorities or any of my acquaintances my/the detective staff there; but the:poor girl; still clung; to Allan's .faithfulness, and would be satisfied by nothing hut an ; eye witness; j.andi I went accordingly. ; The ^addiressj.wg^^ Manesty'a-lane, .a .not .very EnluMqus. street, near .the Sailors! Home, and was not difficult to discover. .,X found that the place was a.furnished lodging," and on asking fop Maggie Bell was rather staggered.;, to find that, no such person * was inownt4liej'e. Then at a venture Isaid—_ ,.,/!.D<^8 John Allan lodge,here.?!'. .li.^.Oh^yes.j but he's not in—he's at work, ] But you can see his wife, if that'll do," , 1 i? L.decided that it would do, and was soon Introduced to. a,very .pretty if- somewhat bold-lookirg young wife; . whom I recog nised" at a glance as Maggie Bell by the . botograph with which! I had bee a fur !shed by her rival. I did noc even need take out the. portrait fo-compare the t,'! ;'es/ but simply s.sid-rr:: > • * , i. ,;«,iW«il, Maggie, that's u nice trick you've T lei Allan-play his affianced wife." ? ■. •. he/paledi at. once, and began.to cry and v. . n g;great noise, especially.when.l gave ,j . c..t when I revealed,to her lav ihanda cu het o. _ enough, and even many spiteful and triumphant the way in which she had " lickea the ; butter off Jessie Fraser's bread." j waited in the house /'ui Allan ap edf whpn he numbly admitted that the eentiment" was the only plan ink §o£= fo& breaking off the f-esefe Xraslr and eloping with tgblhadqiairly tempted him iq^byjter money and her /^wegf legally married it ;i$ing to get him to return, bi£of information I did before we parted, which ieat to poor Jessie on ckery has brought you happinesp," I said; when lie shook his. head gloomily, .and said— ...; | "It hasn't;, I.,was a,—— fool ever] to ' think of throwing, off Jessie.", ■ Promptly,on learning the truth Jessie took steps to raise an action for breach of promise, and. wouldhave got damages, I ^dare say, had not Allan and his wife , dis appeared across.the Atlantic. As he had left all the furniture, and other effects; to Jessie, she quietly, turned them into money and started a millinery business, which throve steadily .under her watchful eye. I saw her from time to time, hut, for years never ex changed more than a passing smile or bow. One day, however, about .three years after her great trial, I; met her in the Infirmary at the visitors' hour, and stopped her to have a word. "Any of your friends in here?" I asked. The question almost brought tears to her eyes.;',but she bravely, anawered— "Ties.' Oh, Mr. McG-oyan, would you believe it ?—it's himj John Allan, come back broken in health and almost dying. I couldn't bear to hear of him being shunned by every one, so I've come in often to see him and bring him in dainties he can't get here. She turned out real bad, and almost killed him before she died. It'.was she that did all the mischief—I never blamed him,' I looked into her tender, womanly eyes and thought something about woman's long suffering worth, but Baid nothing. I met her after, with a worn shadow that I could scarcely believe to be Allan leaning on her arm, and; a month or, two later actually heard of .their marriage from one who was present; at the ceremony, and could hot refrain from audibly wishing her every happiness. 