A ROMAN NOBLE'S LUCK. From one point of view—what might ba termed the ladies' point of view—the most interesting man in Borne is the Doke of Gtlleae, who is an even more striking example than Torlonia of the vanity of hnman wishes. The Duke's name is Hardonn, and he was born in a village in the south of France, whence, as a sergeant of cavalry, he came in the army of occupation to Borne. He happened to be quartered in the Palazzo Altemps, in the court of which he was daily to be seen grooming his horse. While thus engaged he used to be observed and admired by the owner of the palazzo, the middle-aged Countess Altemp, who thought it a pity that so fine-looking a young fellow should be a mere French sergeant. Tender relations soon began between the two, bnt how could she marry an uncommissioned officer? Woman's ingenuity, however, soon found away out of the difficulty. Along with' various properties, the Oountess inherited several titles which seemed destined to die with her, as she had no children. Her wealth. and social position made her influential at the Vatican, and the good-natured Pius IX. was ever ready to oblige bis friends. He was induced, therefore, to bestow one of these titles upon the luoky Hardoun, who lost no time in marrying his patroness. It soon appeared that fortune had only begun to smile npon him, for ere long his wife died in childbirth, leaving a son who lived just long enough to inherit his mother's property and pass it on to his father. Here was now the newly made Duke enormously rich, still young, and as handsome as ever; only a wife after his own heart was necessary to complete his happiness, and for this he had not far to seek. Young, beautiful, and of g^od family, the new Duchess of course smoothed her husband's path in society, which, at the worst, would not have been too rough; for though quite uneducated, the Duke was net without tact and good sense. But this complete happi ness was not destined to last long, for, after a few yearo, the Duchess was suddenly stricken with madness. Her monomania consisted in believing herself pursued by the ghost of her predecessor, seeing herself everywhere followed by a woman with a dead child in her arms, who vows destruction to her and her children. Frequently she has escaped from her house aud hurried through the streets of Some towards the Tiber, ever crying, "My children! My children!" 