THE MERCURY. MONDAY MORNING, MAY SO, 1881. A PENNY is a small BIMI of money, yet it is astonishing what may be done with it by the exercise of care and foresight. If other sections of the community will give attention to this matter, so much the better ; but will the great bulk of our people-the labouring class pause, and consider what a penny a day means, and what a penny a day will do 1 An illustrative fact may put the case sharply and clearly. Stroud, in Gloucestershire, is a town consisting of about 4O,O0Q inhabitants. Some few years back it occurred to some gentlemen bent on political combination, to employ the provident theory as a basis of operation. They saw that excellent and useful as the I Oddfellows, Foresters, Rechabites, and other provident institutions were, they did not meet the views of the majority of the people. Accordingly, a new scheme was floated, kept clear of badge or any other peculiar sign of initiation, and may be thus described : A person under and up to 30 years of age, paying at the rate of a penny a day, having been in membership six months, would in the event of sickness be entitled to 10s. per week for six months, and 5s. per week so long afterwards as sickness should continue. At the end of the financial year the profits of the Society are divided, and placed to the credit of each member in proportion to the amount of his contribution, each year's gain carrying interest at the rate of 3 per cent. The Society's funds being invested at 5 per cent. brings this arrangement within easy compass. Should a member desire to withdraw, he is allowed back all the money he has paid in, and a percentage of the profit account standing to his name, the balance remaining to the good of the Society. At 30 years of age and upwards the payments are increased by one-half that is to say, to an average of three half-pence per day. By this means the young and healthy members are freed from paying for those advancing in years. At the age of 65 payments cease, and members may draw the amounts so gradually and quietly placed to their credit. Thus, if is estimated, supposing a member to enter early in life, he will find himself entitled to draw something like £159 14s., which will be paid in cash, or invested in a Government annuity, as may be preferred. In the event of death, I the representatives of the deceased are entitled to every penny standing to his credit, and should a member die before he has saved up £10 a friendly levy of not exceeding 2d. each member is made, giving that amount to his survivors. According to latest accounts there are from 1,250 to 1,500 members on the Stroud books. The marked success of this institution has eventuated in the establishment of the National Provident Union Society in London, with branches in different parts of England-a special feature in the London Society being that it is entirely non-political. Looking round this Colony it is pleasant to note the number and influence of our benefit societies. On the other hand it is difficult to get away from the fact thatitisonly by the constant accession of new members that they can be kept in a state of financial security in other words, the young and healthy are required to pay for the sick and dying. We venture to suggest to managers of benefit clubs whether they may not gather a useful hint from this most advanced phase of social science, and sport and beyond those it may be asked whether there is not room in this Colony for a general Society, like that so briefly sketched in these lines 1 It is needless to re- mark that such an institution should be wholly free from clerical or political purposes a common institution for the common weal. The thorough establishment of a Society of this character might extend its operations into the sphere of Life Assurance, bringing about great advantages to the assured. Too many insurance companies fatten and grow rich on the gains of lapsed policies. Some struggling: tradesman, unable to keep up his payments, finds the dream of a widow and children with something to fall back upon wholly dispelled and as a consequence, frequently gives way to im- providence and despair. There are not many methods by which mercantile and philanthropic men could more immediately benefit the great body of colonists than by the mastery of this question, and the establishment of a Tasmanian Provident and Life Assurance Society. The New Zealand Government has its Life Assurance Agen^r;r:Peopetly founded, would it ^ be too much to ask our Government to guarantee the security of its funds 1 The theme of the provident habits of the people, once touched, opens a door of the widest character. It strikes at the roots of the consideration of our national and social prosperity. Why do our young men and women leave us for the larger Colonies 1 Simply that, as a commu- ' nity, we have not Bufficiontsolf-rolianco, and fore sight to provide for our own. Perfectly consistent with the essential spirit of free trade is the question of our national industries. If colonists would unite in one grand purpose to stimulate and encourage native industry, the cry of the want of employment would not be heard in the land. Were we, leaving the importation un- fettered as at present, to insist on Colonial-made lollies, biscuits, pickles, vinegar, blacking, etc., we should start at the foot of the ladder. Why not insist upon our own clothing and woollen manufactures ? Agricultural and dairy work have been sadly overlooked. A school of mines would give an intelligent aspect to the future of what will probably become our great industry. Pottery ware, furniture-making, engraving, architecture, building, designing; in fact, to a people determined to encourage their own, the opportunity is quite ready to hand-the want of the will is the great difficulty in the matter. To see the vacant stores on the wharves and in other places, hives of useful work would be a new and every way agreeable sensation. The hope of seeing a self-reliant, thriving, industrious, and therefore contented people should be ambition sufficient even for the members of a Tasmanian Administration. Will our legislators, our father's and mothers, our young men and women think over these things ? Will they remember that their responsibility does not consist in running into debt, or in affecting to be what they are not, but in that persevering and plodding toil, which respects itself, gathers respect in every quarter, and results in the exhibition of that brave and manly character, which poets have ranked amongst the noblest works of GOD ? ' ' ' < \ = * ( i VICE-REGAL.-His Excellency the Governor accompanied by the Hon. W. Moore (Colonial Secretary), and attended by his Private Secretary Captain Hussey, arrived in Hobart, from Launceston, on Saturday evening, by express train. INTERCOLONIAL FILES.- By the arrival from Melbourne of the s.s. Flinders at Launceston, on Friday, and the ss. Southern Cross at Hobart, on Saturday, we have received the following ales of (inter- colonial papers Victoria, 24th to 26th inst.; New South Wales, 21st to 24th inst. South Australia, 20th to 23rd inst. Queensland, 19th and 20th just.: and New Zealand, 12th to 15th inst. TIdE IJKPIJESENTATION1 op PKIUIROKC,-Some local wag has been imposing on our Northern concerns porary, who intimates not only that a "strongly signed requisition " has been presented to Captain Richard Copping, asking him to allow himself to be nominated for the vacancy in theLogislativeCounoil, caused by the death of the Hon. James Lord, and that Captain Copping has consented, but also that Captain Copping will " make a good representative man, and a valuable addition to the Council." We might say that this is a case of first catch your hare. But we give Captain Copping credit for more good sense than to entertain any such proposal, and however much and deservedly that gentleman may be respected in the walk of life in which he moves, we hardly think the constituency of Pembroke will endorse the opinion of our Northern contemporary's correspondent. ' The JAPANESE WAn-surp.-Although notifica: tion was given to the effect that the Riujio would not be open to the general public, a number of people were conveyed to the VOBSOI by steamer and boat. Early yesterday afternoon a few persons were allowed on board, but, finding that a crowd would interfere with the arrangements, the commander stopped a steamer load of people from rambling over the vessel. Those who did get on board, of whom many had Special invitations, were most courteously shown over the war-ship. A number of invitations have been issued by the captain and officers to their friends to visit the Riujio this afternoon, the occasion being a social gathering. The seamen will give an exhibition of a Japanese theatre performance, including Japanese dancing, after which dancing in the English style will be indulged in. The following, which has been translated from Japanese to English by one of the cadets, is the tradition of the origin of "Kapporo," or dancing. " The province of his lies in the southern part of Japan, and is famous for the good quality of its oranges, owing, no doubt, to its salubrious climate. The orange merchants of the capital receive great quantities of this fruit every year. During the Tycoonato the term used to signify the period an Emperor is on the throne the orange merchants were required to send a certain portion of their earliest arrived cargo as a tribute to the Tycoon (Emperor) within a limited time fixed by the Tycoon. It so happened that one year, just at the time when the oranges were in season, the weather was so stormy that no oranges could be sent to the capital. However, there was a daring young man, named Libau, in the province of men, who attempted to make a large profit, at the risk of his life. Having stated his intentions to his uncle, he obtained a vessel, which he loaded with the fruit, and he selected most daring Sailors for her crew. When the vessel was ready for sea, he made a speech to the crew, to the (-(Feet that he was determined to make a large profit or die in the venture, and he called the vessel 'Ghost.' The crew all answered in satisfactory tone 'Good,' He then gave the order to make sail, out the hawser of the anchor with his sword, and shaped his course for Yeddo. in the capital tile fixed time came for the tribute to be paid to the Tycoon, and the merchants were very anxious. They went to the sea shore, expecting the arrival of the orange vessels every day, but they could see nothing but stormy sky and angry wave. The bad weather had disappeared, and at last one day a white sail was observed on the dark horizon. Three cheers were given as a vessel came proudly in, and anchored safely in Yeddo Bay, She turned out to be the Ghost, commanded by Kibun. His cargo was purchased at 10 times the original value, and from this date his fortune rapidly increased, and he became one of the greatest merchants of Japan of his day. This venture of Kibun was greatly admired by the people, and in his honour music and dancing were composed." The style in which the above has been translated, BLOWS that the cadets have taken much pains with their English, and have thoroughly mastered the language. CITY POLICE COURT.-Messrs. Tarleton, P.M., and W. G. Ferguson, J.P., presided in the City Police Court on Saturday morning. Mary Gordon, on the information of De active Duluuuy, was charged with having on the 21st May stolen a floor mat, valued at 5s., the property of George Myers, The accused elected to have her case tried by the Bench, and pleaded guilty. The Superintendent of Police stated that he did not think the prisoner was altogether responsible for her actions, as her mind was said to be deranged at times. The husband of the accused made a statement to the same effect, and called Dr. Giblin to testify to the truth of the assertion. The Doctor said that the woman, Mary Gordon, had been attended by him, she being a sufferer from fits. After these attacks she became morose and gloomy, and he had no doubt they had the effect of weakening her intellect. He was certain that her mind was affected. The Justices, under the circumstances mentioned, were of opinion that the case was one in which, to quote from the Act, "it was not expedient to inflict any punish- ment," and they therefore discharged the prisoner under the charge of her husband, who was recommended to take greater care of his wife in the future as regarded her unrestrained actions. POLICE ProTEctioN. A somewhat serious disturbance took place in the Bird-in- the-Haud Hotel, on Saturday night. A drunken man entered the hotel about 6 o'clock, and called for something to drink, but Mrs. Lewis, who was serving in the bar, seeing he had been drinking to excess elsewhere, refused to serve him. He then flow into a violent temper, throw a tumbler at Mrs. Lewis, and caught up a poker and seriously assaulted Mr. Lewis and a gentleman who was talking to him at the time. Eventually, with the assistance of some people who were in the house, the disturber of the peace was compelled to quit the hotel. Mr. Lewis naturally applied to the police to have the man arrested, but the police who were spoken to said that unless something more serious had happened, they could do nothing in the matter. This is what is called police protection, DAMAGE TO PROPERTY Mr. Wm. Grainger complains of the damage done to his property in Lord-street by a number of young larrikins. On Sunday afternoon, between 3 and 4 o'clock, about 12 lads and young men gathered together on the small hill at the side of Lord-street, sloping down to the Hobart rivulet, and throw and rolled stones down on the houses at the bottom of the mount, damaging them considerably, On the late anniversary of the Queen's Birthday some mischievous persons, suspected to be the same party as that which committed the offence complained of on Saturday, destroyed portion of the panelling in a fence at the rear of the promises. The names of several of the offenders have been ascertained, and the owner of the property will, we are informed, take legal action against them. I NATIONAL MUTUAL LIFE ASSOCIATION, We are informed that Mr J. M. Templeton, FIA.', Actuary and Secretary of the National Mutual Life Association is at present on a visit to our city, for tho purpose of establishing a branch of his association. The branch office will be under the control of a local board of directors, with a resident secretary. We understand that it is Mr. Templeton s intention is to deliver a' lecture on the theory of life assurance before he leaves us, but the arrangements are not -, y«toon>pl«te. I CITY COUNCIL-The City Council meets this afternoon. The following is the business set down for transaction :-Reports-1'ublio Works : On application of Mr. A Burgess to erect a sign-board in Collins-street. Police : On report of Superintendent of Police as to removal of cabstand in Liverpool street. Orders of the Day : Consideration of Mr. Alderman Gregory's motion That it be an in instruction to the Health Committee to investigate into the present condition of the sanitary state of the yards and back premises situated in the more thickly populated parts of the city, with a view to the removal of the accumulated matters therefrom, systematically and at stated periods." Considera- tion of report of Sewerage Committee : On tenders. "connected with improvements Hobart Rivulet. ROYAL ENGINEERS. The friends of Sir Andrew Clarke, K.C.M.G., C:B,, C.I.E , formerly Private Secretary to His Excellency Sir William Denison, Governor of this colony, will be glad to learn that Sir Andrew has been appointed Commandant of the School of Military Engineering at Chatham, in succession to Sir John Stokes, K.C.B., appointed Deputy Adjutant- General Royal Engineers at the War Officers, James' Budget, April 8. THE DUKE OF ALBANY. Prince Leopold, who has been created Duke of Albany (says the A gus), takes his title from Albany, an ancient name for the Highlands of Scotland. The title was first conferred by the Scottish Council hold at Scone in 1898 on the brother of King Robert III., then acting as regent of the kingdom. It was afterwards conferred on the second son of James II, and subsequently in succession on Henry, Head Darnley, or Charles I in infancy, on James II. in infancy, and as a British title on Frederick, the second son of George III. The other titles assumed by Prince Leopold and Baron Arklow and Earl of Clarence. Arklow is a seaport town in the county of Wicklow, Ireland, and Clarence was the title borne by William IV, before he' ascended the throne. A correspondent writes that the title first appears in the reign of George I., and that there have been four distinct creations, Prince L.eopoldJ>oing the fourth, and our correspondent adds, " As yet the title has in each case died with the poor so created." BIRTHDAY HONOURS.-Aocordingto the Melbourne papers it is the Hon. Malcolm Fraser, Surveyor. General of West Australia, and Mr. Duncan, Collector of Customs in Sydney, who have been made Companions of St Michael and St. George, as part of the honours conferred in connection with Her Majesty's birthday. By the New Zealand telegrams we also learn that Sir Francis Dillon Bell, the Agent-General of New Zealand, has received the Cross of St. Michael and St. George. BELLERIVE ROWING CLUB a general meeting of the Bellerive Rowing Club was, paid at Clarence Hotel, Bellerive, on Wednesday last. Present : Mr. T. Westbrook (president),- in the chair," and eight other members. A letter was read from Mr! C.,Dowdell, consenting to become vice-president of the club. T A' code of rules, based on those of the Tamar Rowing Club, was adopted, and ordered to be printed at A sub-committee was appointed to enquire as to the best means of providing accommodation for the club, and to report to the next committee meeting on June 9, Two fresh members, were enrolled. ' . i PEDESTRIANISM. The foot race between J. F Robertson, of Melbourne, and A. Ward, of Bellerive, the anticipation of which caused considerable excitement in pedestrian circles during the latter portion of last week, took place on Saturday afternoon on the Clarence Plains road, about a mile from Canmaroo Point. 4' half-past 3 o'clock and afterwards, Messrs, O'May Bros, carried over several 'well filled boatloads of passengers, and on the scene of the race from 150to200 spectators were present. in eluding the Hon. John Lord, M L.C. for Cambridge, and Mr. Henry Lamb, M.L.A. for Clarence. Some delay was caused by a difference of opinion between the competitors with regard to choosing a starter. It was eventually decided that Mr. Walter Webster, of the British Hotel, Liverpool-street, should act in that capacity. Mr. H. Knox acted as judge, and Messrs. C. E. Featherstone and E. P. Wilson as referees. Mr. J. C. Hadley took the time. The distance of the race was 150yds., Ward being allowed by Robertson a start of 5yds. At about 4 o'clock the two competitors took up their positions, but it was not until they had made a great number of false starts, caused to a great extent by the interference of onlookers, who made disparaging remarks on the Melbourne man and otherwisoiinisaonducted themselves, that they were eventually got off well together. For the first 50yds, Ward about held his own, but here Robert- son commenced to gain on him yard after, yard, till 100yds. of the distance had been completed, when he led by about 2yds. Robertson continued to increase this distance till it reached about Gyda., when, looking' behind, he saw that his opponent was completely out of the race, and he then slackened his pace, coming in an easy winner by from 4 to 5yds. The time, as taken by Mr. Hadley, was 16 sec., but others on the ground made it from 16 to 17sec. There was very little bearing on the race, Robertson being considered quite equal to victory, though not such an easy one as it proved A GOLDEN 'WEDDING. Wo understand that early next month Dr. Hall, whose name has been so long associated with charitable and philanthropic objects, will celebrate the 50th anniversary of his marriage, and recognising the services Dr. Hall for so many years discharged gratuitously, and now discharged with, so much impartiality and independence, a number of gentlemen will meet to- night at 7 o'clock for the purpose of making arrangements for presenting Dr. Hall with some substantial token of their appreciation of his labours, It is, we understand, intended to ask the Mayor for the use of a room in the Town Hall, and as there is every probability that the request will be complied with, we may expect a large attendance of gentlemen approving of the purpose, i ARTISTIC NOVELTIES Among the many works of art which attracted the attention of the thousands who visited the International Exhibitions, recently held in Sydney and Melbourne, wore two pictures or rather two beautiful specimens of work done in cotton and BoVlin wool, which were highly praised and which received a bronze medal at Sydney, and were awarded first order of merit at Melbourne. These are the work of Mrs. Thornton, of Hobart, wife of the Treasury messenger, and were on view in the window of Mr. Miller's chemist shop, on Saturday, and will be for a few days. The back grounds of the pictures are black, and on these has cou worked, with a neatness that cannot be described, representations of a bunch of wattle and blue gum in flower and seed. The (lower of the blue gum is made entirely of white cotton, coloured yellow at the tips, while the leaves are made of different shades of wool. The wattle flower is of wool, as also is the stem, while the leaves are made of chenille. The work has been executed with so much taste and skill, and the lights and shades so admirably managed, as to make the flowers and leaves appear to be actually real in fact, at first glance, they may readily be mistaken for branches of blue gum and wattle pinned on to velvet. Mrs. Thornton is to be complimented upon her skill and taste in this line of wool work. The frames are neat and substantial, and were made by Mr. Hood, Elizabeth-street. A NEW COMET telegram appeared in our Saturday's issue, from Campbell Town, stating that a comet had been seen in the sky in a south-westerly direction. Since then the star gazers of this city have, after dusk, been anxiously looking for the stranger. On Saturday and last night, about half-past 6 o'clock, the nucleus could be seen between 30 and 40 degrees above the horizon, to the south-west of the city as it were, over the southern side of the mountain, The nucleus was clearly visible till half-past 7 o'clock, and resembled a star about the same size as Mars, The tail was not so clearly defined, and stretched away in the day notion of Mount Nelson, the extremity being considerably higher above the horizon than the nucleus. This interesting stranger has also been seen in the north end of the inland, and in Victoria and New South Wales. On Friday even- Tribunal sun stuff out twine. auxlliary evening (says the Launceston Examiner), after 7 o'clock, our attention was called to a comet which was setting in the west. A little earlier in the evening, when higher in the heavens, it was much brighter, and was described as a very beautiful object. About the same time we received a telegram from Campbell Town intimating that the illustrious stranger had been seen there. From the Melbourne papers received to-day we learn that the comet was observed both at Melbourne and Sydney before it was soon here, in consequence of the wet and stormy weather with which we have so long been visited. The following is an extract from the Age of Tuesday :- "A telegram was received at the Observatory yesterday afternoon from Mr. Tebbutt, of Windsor, New South Wales, stating he had found a comet on Sunday evening in H.A. 4k. 58 min., and declination 35deg. south, moving north. From this information the comet was readily found BOOK after sunset last evening, and measures of its position obtained. It was readily seen with the naked eye (but hotter with the binocular) in the S.W. sky at an altitude of 20deg. at 7 o'clock, and would set about 10 minutes past 9. The nucleus was bright and stellar, and the tail, which was narrow and well defined, but somewhat faint, could be traced for landing. or 29deg. The nucleus itself was in the constellation Gold ' Sculptors, and the tail extended into the constellation Columba, inclining towards the south pole. Its approximate position was found to be li. A. 4h. 49min., dccl. 50deg. 14min. south, and moving northwards. Of course no opinion as to whether it is one of the known comets or a new one can yet be ventured upon. From its southern declination it will rise two hours before the sun in the morning," THE ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE IN THE TRANS- VAAL. Mr. George Bloncowe,nowrcsidingat Barnet, near London, in a letter addressed to the editor of Public Opinion, and published in Fully Opinion on the 2nd April last, gives the following lively description of some proceedings which came under his notice when residing in the Transvaal some time since c-Mr. Blencowe says that he was present at a sitting, of the Supreme Court, in which one of the parties in a civil, case expended two CSBOB of gin to enlighten the eyes and give courage to the hearts of the three Judges, their twelve assessors, the counsel, and' witnesses, and he obtained judgment in his favour. " z. i ' XlviNCi IN MELBOURNE The castor bakers of Melbourne and suburbs (says the Argus) announce that the price of 'bread has been raised from 5d, to 6d.' the 4lb loaf in, consequence of! the advance in j toe proof flouiV,l!-,,:0jl -' ,L»IU«V'JJ " of HOSPITAL CASES. John Law, from Brighton, aged 25 years, was admitted to the hospital on Saturday, suffering from an injury to his right elbow. He had been working a chaff-cutter, when, by DOING means or other, his right elbow came in contact with the knives, which out the arm very severely, . When admitted to the hospital he had lost much blood, and was very weak, His injuries were attended to, and he was well enough to leave the hospital on Sunday. Yesterday a man named Pike, aged 30 years, was thrown off his horse in Macquarie-street, He sustained slight wounds about the forehead, face, and arms. He was taken to the hospital, where his wounds were dressed, after which he was conveyed to his residence. ANOTHER TASMANIAN VICTIMISED A few days since we quoted from a Melbourne paper how a Tasmanian gentleman, who is for a time resident in Melbourne, had his house broken into by a burglar. Now we have a still more daring attempt on the property of a Tasmanian visitor. Writing of a man named William Marshall, who appeared at the Police Court on Tuesday last, the Argus says: " A Mr. Green, of Hobart, Tasmania, occupied the room next to the prisoner, and in the night he states that he saw a shadow moving about the room. He got up, but no one was there, and he then found his vest, which contained £9 in gold, had been stolen. He raised an alarm, and every un- occupied room in the house was searched by the boots, but no trace of any one or the missing vest could be found. The matter was reported to the police, and on Monday Detectives Brown and Potter recognised the prisoner Marshall in the street, and traced him to Menzies' Hotel, where they found he was entered under the name of Beaumont. Knowing his character, a warrant was procured for his arrest on a charge of vagrancy, and duly executed as above stated. On being searched at the watchhouse, £18 in gold and 61 in silver was found on his in. The police are of opinion that a portion of the sovereigns belonged to Mr. Green, and that, the prisoner, after getting the money, threw the rest out of the window, hence his desire for a room facing Bourke-street. Had Mr. Green not made a disturbance on missing his vest, the prisoner would no doubt have made a good night's work, as one gentleman had over £400 in his room." Writing of this man, the same paper Bays c-The prisoner is described as the most accomplished ' hotel barber that over practised in the colonies. He is well educated and, of very gentlemanly appearance, which materially assists him in his business. His modus operandi is to take lodgings at a respectable hotel, and he very often patronises the leading houses, and during the night he visits the different bedrooms and carries off whatever money he can lay his hands on. He has only. recently been liberated from Pentridge, where he served a sentence of three years for similar offences. On gaining his liberty he went, to Sydney, and Returned to Melbourne at the beginning of last, month. He, then took up his quarters at Menzies' Hotel, and after staying there three days, he paid his bill and left for Adelaide. He returned from that place to Melbourne on Friday last, and again patronised Menzies' Hotel, but he insisted on having an end room on the first landing, facing Goldsbrough's wool stores. His request was complied with,, and on Saturday night he, it is presumed, commenced business" The Evening Herald describes the ing tractor on Mr. Green's privacy in the following totals s' Surely there was never such urgently manly-looking person before the city magistrates for vagrancy as William Marshall, who came upon that charge this forenoon. He wore a long fashion- able overcoat, thickly bordered with fur, and his black belltopper hat was of the shortest and most glossy. A Brutus crop of dark hair and a neat little moustache completed the equipment and make up quite good enough for one of Byron's comedies, Nevertheless he is a barber-an hotel harbor, so Detective Brown says, and this profession of harbor- ing consists in robbing hotels where the artist takes up his lodging." THE DETACHED SQUADRON. Writing of the positions occupied by the detached squadron in Hobson's Bay, the Argus says that the Inconstant-the Roar Admiral's ship is moored half-way. between Sandridge and Williamstown, and near her from the Carysfort, whilst the Tourmaline is anchored close to the Sandridge railway pier. At 8 o'clock the Nelson saluted the squadron by firing 21 guns, and the French war-ship Finistere paid them a similar compliment. Those salutes were responded to by the flagship. The Hon. W. J. Clarke, M.L.C. (President of the Melbourne International Exhi- bition), and his Worship the Mayor of Melbourne, accompanied by Mr. George Collins Levey, Mr. E. G. Fitzgibbon (Town Clerk), and Mr. James Thomson (Secretary of Exhibition Com- mittees), paid a semi- official visit to the squadron at noon, for the purpose of arranging for the attendance of the Admiral and officers at the inhibition and Town Hall balls to be given in their honour within the next fortnight. The party were pulled across to the Inconstant in the captain's gig of the Cerberus, and on boarding were introduced to Rear-Admiral the Earl of Clanwilliam. Mr. Clarke briefly stated the object of the visit, and expressed a hope that the stay of the squadron would be prolonged, in order to admit of the attendance of His Lordship and officers at the various festivities which were in process of arrangement. His Worship the Mayor, on behalf of the citizens of Melbourne, warmly welcomed the Admiral and all officers of the fleet to the city, and roi term told the hope that they would make a longer stay than was contemplated. His Lordship thanked the party for their kind expressions of welcome, but intimated that the accident which had happened to the Bacchante prevented him from entering into any definite arrangements until fuller information had arrived.' He was at the end of a telegraph wire, and it was impossible to say how far his movements would be controlled thereby. He thought, however, that both himself and his officers would have the pleasure of availing themselves of the invitations which they had received for the 1st of June (the Exhibition ball and also for the ball to be given by the Mayor in the Town Hall, eight or nine days subsequently. After leaving the Inconstant, the party visited the Carysfort and Tourmaline, where they were hospitably entertained, and Sandridge pier was reached at 2 o'clock. In the course of the interview with the Admiral, Mr. Levey expressed the regret of the Commissioners that the squadron had not arrived prior to the close of the Exhibition, but notwithstanding its present depleted state, he trusted that the officers and men of the squadron would avail themselves of any opportunities that would be afforded for visiting the buildings and grounds. Season tickets were placed at the disposal of the officers, and all sailors of the foot would be admitted in their uniforms. The squadron, on leaving Melbourne, will probably proceed to Sydney, and thence to Hobart, Auckland, Fiji, Yokohama, and China, but their movements will greatly depend upon the time of the arrival of the Bacchante. i How THEY DO THINGS IN VICTORIA For an instance of smart work, the following narrative of the way in which the members of the Victorian Government responded to the telegram of ou 1 Premier about the missing vessel Cumbrians very striking. The Herald says :-:" On Monday evening the hon, the Chief Secretary received the following telegram from the Premier of Tasmania at ' Fears are entertained for safety of barque Cumbrian now 60 days out from Mauritius for Launceston. She was last spoken on 30th April, being then three days'caBy sail from Launceston, but has not arrived, Could you send steamer to search King's Island, and Islands in Straits, at cost of this Government, so as to save life, if vessel wrecked, and crew ashore? W. R. Giblin, Premier, Hobart, Tasmania.' This Mr. Berry forwarded to the Commissioner of Customs the same evening, endorsed as follows: Received the accompanying communication from Premier of Tasmania, etc-, supposed wreck of Cumbria. Comply with request if possible, Graham Berry.' Immediately upon receipt of these communications, the Commissioner of Customs despatched a telegram to Captain Anderson, of the Victoria, at (Queenscliff :-' Captain Anderson, Victoria, proceed without a moment's delay and search as requested. I expect to hear that you have left moorings by 1. Spare no expense in following on all particulars to hand. Then followed a second message as follows: Leave dynamite Swanspit, and engage what extra liromenyourequire. ThemanagoratQnoonsoliff will see this message taken off without an instant's delay. Remember a minute's delay may mean loss of life. On Tuesday morning at 836, the Commissioner received an answer as follows :-' The Victoria cleared Heads at 2 20 am.' Manager." How the Victoria returned on Friday after a fruitless search is already known, but the absence of red-tapeism is delightful, and would probably make an English (or Tasmanian) Cabinet Minister's hair stand on end with dismay. AN EXPLANATION. - Concerning the reported massacre at the Line Islands, Mr. David Beath, Treasurer of the Victorian Auxiliary of the London Missionary Society, writes to the Argus is the following terms In your issue of to-day there is a report quoted from the Fiji Times of a massacre said to have been instigated by a Sandwich Islander, in connection with the London Missionary Society, at the Line Islands. Will you kindly allow me to inform your readers that the London Missionary Society has neither branch nor agent in either the Sandwich or the Line Islands ? I trust, for the sake of our common humanity, that the rest of the story is as unique as is its stated connection with the London Missionary Society." We copied the paragraph, and therefore we copy the explanation. THE SYDENHAM WOOL EXHIMTION.-Regarding the International Woollen Exhibition to be opened next month at the Crystal Palace, The Times says suit has already been made known that, in the absence of of international exhibitions on a comprehensive scale, the directors of the Crystal Palace Co, propose to carry out annually special exhibitions devoted to one or other of the great manufacturing industries. The first devoted to wool, woollen manufactures, and the allied industries, which is to open in June, has grown to larger proportions than was at first anticipated and the directors are now taking prompt measures to meet the extensive requirements of exhibitors, The display of British and foreign woollen machinery in motion will be so large that the control nave and side aisles of the south or industrial section of the palace, are to be appropriated to) it The whole of the, Buoooiiive processes, from wool- crashing to spinning, weaving, i preparing, and '1 floisotag the woollen fabrics, will be shrilly all the best engineering firms. The machinery will be worked from beneath the floor, so as to do away with overhead shafting. Messrs. Galloway and Sons, of Manchester, have been entrusted with the furnishing of powerful engines, boilers, steam pipes and shafting, and as this firm supplied the motive power and working appliances for the machinery department for the British Commission at the Vienna, Philadelphia, and Paris Exhibitions, the engineering firms have a guarantee that nothing will be wanting to work their machines innocently and satisfactorily. The galleries of the palace are to bode voted to raw materials and manufactured products and these will, we understand, be well represented by British and Colonial exhibitors, and those from North and South America and the continent of Europe. The directors have been much aided in their labours by an influential council of advice consisting of the Consuls-General of all the Foreign States, the Agents-General of the British colonies, and most of the noblemen and gentlemen who have hitherto acted on the Royal Commissions for International Exhibitions. Besides the medals and certificates to be given by the directors of the Palace, the Clockwoi kers' Co. have offered IG gold medals in various classes for improved fabrics and machines. The Drapers' Co. also offer special prizes, and some of the other city companies identified with the textile industries propose doing the same." MINING ACCIDENT-A marvellously narrow escape from a fearful death," states the Ballarat Courier, occurred to the engine-driver at the Dimoek's United Co.'s mine, Little Bendigo, on the 23rd inst, about 4 o'clock. The tank had jammed on the bottom of the shaft, and the men below called out for a rope to unloose it. The men on top fastened a length of rope to the Hat rope used in the shaft, making a bowling round the Hat rope, in order that the other rope would slip easily to the bottom. When the rope had descended about 20ft. the bowline stock, and all efforts, by shaking the flat rope, failed to disentangle it. The engine driver volunteered to he lowered down the shaft to where the rope was fast and his offer was accepted, he selected a rope, which was made fast to his body, and he was then lowered down to where the other rope had stuck. Having disentangled it, he called to be pulled up, and the man on top were in the act of doing this when the rope round him broke. Fortunately he had his arms round the flat rope, or' he would have been at once precipitated to the bottom and killed. As it was, he laid down the rope, a distance of 250ft, and landed on the bottom, grazed about the arms, and almost faint with exhaustion, but otherwise he was quite unin- jured The men on top felt sure he-was killed, and were immensely relieved when a cry from below assured them that no disaster had happened." There is an At Home to-day on the Japanese war- ship. Two notices appear in connection with it. A rehearsal t of the Bohemian Dramatic Club is called for half-past 7 o'clock. An entertainment in aid of'theDavey-stroet Wds Royal Band of Hope Piano Fund is to be given in the schoolroom, adjoining the [chapel, to-morrow evening. The Southern Hunt Club hounds meet next Satur- day, at Melton Mowbray, when a young buck will be enlarged. '_ ' 