THE STORY-TELLER WOMEN ARE STRANGE. 1 l 1 By F. W. ROBINSON, author of " grandmother's monet," " poor zeph," etc. CHAPTER XXH. VISITOBS TO TAVISTOCK STREET. When the Colonel and Ernest Archstone went downstairs together that day they might have been taken almost for friends. Clara Darrell's promise had removed a weight from the mind of the old soldier, and he was more amiable than his wont. 'You can come in and smoke a cigar with me, if you like,' said the Colonel gruffly. . Ernest Archstone did like. He was anxious to deepen the good impression which he cnougnt ne naa maoe. ie was onms very best behaviour. The two gentlemen sat down fafclng each other, and the elder of the two began business immediately their cigars were lighted — ' Yon told me the firstjtime we met' that yon had no intention of giving up your stage areer, Mr; Archstone, said the Colonel. ' I have no intention of doing so, Colonel,' was the reply ; it is tbe one pursuit in which I oould possibly take interest.' ' So stage struck as that ?' 4 1 feel I call be of service to the stage — that I can improve and raise its tone in good time,' said Ernest; 'and presently I hope, Colonel Darrell, you will be able to judge that for yourself.' You are young and naturally 'enthusiastic, but the stage' — He paused and then added — 4 1 will not say anything more. 1-web fond of the drama myself when I was a young man. I was never happy out of a playhouse.' ' Well sir it did you no harm.' ' It did me no good,' he answered quickly; 'it gaveIne false views of life; it brought false idols to me ; and here X am, a lonely old man.' ' Your daughter,' suggested Ernest Arch stone. Does not trust me much,' he replied, with a sad shake of the head ; does not under stand me. 4 1 am sure you are wrong,' said Ernest. She is the most gentle lady in the world ; and a daughter who loyes her father very much.' ' She is not wise.' ' She is a great genius.' ( ifl nni cErnnff minrfed fiaul flu uv Colonel. ' She is truly amiable,' responded the lover. 'She is easily deceived. She sums up character hastily, and judges incorrectly very often. -She is too impulsive.' 4 1 know,' answered Ernest Archstone, 'for she has misjudged me, and there have been more than ofie purposeless difference between US.' 'Your life will be all differences should you many,' prophesied the ColoneL ' The Stage life is as full of traps as the stage floor.' ' Clara will only act once more.' 'Ah! — she has promised that,' said the Colonel moodily ; ' yes, she said that.' ' she wiil keep her word,' replied Ernest Archstone. 'Sorely you are not beginning to doubt it ?' « I doubt everything when you are at her elbow,' said the Colonel, frankly and uncivilly! You are her oracle — and you will tempt her to act again.' - ' On my honour — No 1' answered Ernest. 4 Is that true?' asked Colonel Darrell. 'You must not be -too suspicious of every thing and everybody, Colonel Darrell,' cried the younger man. 4 £ am afraid that has helped to shadow your life, as it has mine. X am ashamed to confess that I do not wish to See Clara on thp stage after her marriage. I am too jealous and irritable a man. I shall he glad that it all ends with heir single life — great actress though she is, and great loss to ihe profession as she will be, assuredly. ? Hers will be the gain,' replied, the Colonel, for she willgainthat hhppiness in life which the etage would have been neve able to flfibure far her. In he r married home-j— aot that she is going to mBry you all in a huny, he added suddenly. Oh I «r.' 'I dont know that I like you any better than I did, remarked the Colonel, ' ana it Htrikwi mft you 9XB coiif oundedly conceited ; hut yon are in .a state of probation— that's all, please to ttederstand.' . . ' 4 Very well. Thank you, sir,' answered the actor, beaming with smiles. 4 I'm snre you'll like me preseiity.V , 4 You are aware tbat your father haft threatened to cut you off with a shilling if yon marry an actress ?' said the Colonel, She will not be an actress after Splatter- dash's benefit,' replied Ernest; 4 and besides —and I am not , sorry to confess it in this instance— my father seldom means what he says.' 4 Perhaps he did not mean to he as ferocious as he was a£ the Royal hotel, some weeks ago ?' said the Colonel. 4 1 am sure he did not.' . ' How do you know ?' asked the elder man. ' He has told me so himself,' was the reply. 4 Your father has 1' 4 Oh ! yes— we are the best of friends now, and he is extremely anxious to see you again,' said Ernest ; 4 he told me -only yester day that he had never met in his life so genial and hearty and outspoken a gentleman as yourself.' Then your father is trying to humbug the two of us,' replied the Colonel ; 4 and you may tell him from me that I have never met such a hot-headed pompous old but, there, he's your father. X have nothing to say to a son against his- parent. I told you so before.' 4 My father, I must own, was not at his best on the last occasion he had the honour to meet you,' confessed Efnest Archstone ; '' but he never is when the gout has got a tight hold of him. And that reminds me' 4 Well?' 4 That if the match could be arranged before the next attack, which keeps the most regular time — once every four months — it might save many grave misunderstandings.' When your father calls npon me in one of these amiable moods, to which yon arc .constantly referring, sir, I shall -be able to make up my mind upon many things.' Ernest Archstone looked at his watch. 4 He will be here in five minutes,' he said.' 4 What 1 — your father ?' 4 Yes — he assured me he should call upon you at half-past eleven this morning — in fact, I said I- would wait for him here,' said Ernest. 4 Upon my word you appear to arrange matters very nicely, I must say,' the Colonel - remarked. 4 1 am anxious to Eee you both friends,' said the actor meekly. You- will like my father very much.' 4 1 am not quite so sure.' And here he comes, round Wellington street, and a lady with him, too. That's odd,' i said Jtwnesc Arenetone, witn nis face very close to the window glass. 1 don't know the lady. What an old-fashioned guy, to be sore. Who can it be ?' The Colonel looked over Ernest's shoulder. 4 Confound your impertinence,' he roared out, 4 that's my sister Martha.' 4 Your sister 1 Oh 1 I beg ten thousand pardons, Colonel,' cried the confused tra gedian ; I had not tbe slightest idea.' I don't suppose you had,' said the Colonel sternly, 4 or 1 should have a little more to say about it. And she does look old-fashioned in j that bonnet,' he mattered ; 4 X wonder where she got the thing from ?' 'A minute or two later and Alderman Arch stone and the Colonel were face to face once more — the former gentleman suave and bland, and with a broad smile upon his face verging on the imbecile. 4 Colonel Darrell, I am very proud to have the honour of a re-introduction to you,' he said, 4 for we met the firstj time under adverse circumstances. You were hasty, and I was an invalid, and how doyoa do,jsir?' 4 1 am very well, thank you, Alderman,' said the Colonel, shaking hands and looking I rom his sister Martha to the civic dignitary ; but I was not aware yoa knew my sister.' 4 1 have called once or twice at the hotel in j;he hope of seeing you,' the Alderman ex plained. 4 X was anxious to give you every opportunity to apologise ior that harsh manner towards me' 4 Sir!' 4 And to apologise myself for an irritability of demeanour which was not natural n to me in any way,' added the Alderman; 'and I lave had the pleasure of meeting your sisters whilst waiting at the hotel yesterday and the day before.' 4 Why did you wait there ?' 4 You wrote to us that you were coming on both those days, Leonard,' explained the sister, and I told Alderman Archstone that we expected you every minute. And you never came near the place.' 4 1 said I would try and look round.' 4 1 am afraid you did not try, Leonard,' said Martha Darrell ; 4 and, as we were getting anxious about Clara, I came in- here ; and Mr. Archstone has been kind enough' to take the trouble to escort me.' ' It is no trouble; my dear madam, I assure you,' replied the Alderman with a . low bow ; 4 it has been a very great pleasure to me also to have had the honour of listening to much instructive and earnest conversation from your lips.' Oh! Alderman, you flatter me,' said! Martha Darrell, actually simpering, to her brother's surprise ; hut the Alderman pro tested against the charge, and once more began uuwmg uiubii euuun»eiy. 4 This old man is next door to an idiot,' muttered the Colonel to himself ; I'm sure of it!' What a charming gentleman,' said Martha to her brother when there was an opportunity to say a word, and this was when Ernest Archstone had drawn his father aside, to whisper to him confidentially. 'That is yoar opinion, is it?' said the ColoneL So frank — so — so chivalrous — so intelli gent, Leonard,' she whisj&red; ; 4 you will be surprised. 4 Yes — I shall be presently I have no doubt.' 4 He is anxious- to talk to you about the engagement between his son and our Clara — —a— Mires—— — I— to settle matters satisfactorily at last. He is, she added in'alower tone. 4 very rich. I have made every inquiry, ! have'-. - t J 4 Made yourself over-busy, as usual, Martha,' interrupted the Colonel ; 4 and that's .like yon. . '.Leonard!' 4 There, go upstairs and talk to your niece — and let her understand that you ana your sister were not quite the Gorgons she thought when she ran away from home, poor child. She will see you now.' Will her health permit — 4 Everything,' he! skid dryly and with a glance at Ernest Archstone ; 4 she receives plenty of company.' 4 1 shall be glad to s eh Clara, said Martha, rising. 4 Upstairs, did yon say?' 4 Yes — upstairs,' he answered absently. He did not say which floor, or which room, and Martha Darrell having been aware from her last visit that the next floor, was in the occupation of Mrs. MacAlister, and dreaming not of other rooms on the same level, went innocently and incautiously upstairs to the second floor apartments, wherein Mrs. Cut-h- bert drew the faint breath of life that was left to her. It was Mrs. Cuthbert's voice that saic. 4 Come in I' as she knocked, and it was so like Clara Darrell's in its tones that the maiden sister-in-law turned the handle without a suspicion of the secret on the other side of the door. CHAPTER XXHL APPROACHING CRISIS. An hour afterwards Martha Darrell entered her . brother's _ sitting-room again, and startled him by her ghostly appearance. He 'was alone then, the interview between the alderman and himself was over, and 4 Harvey Grange' had taken his father away. Colonel Darrell was sitting in an easy chair by the fireside, with his arm folded across his chest, and his countenance grim and fur- rowed again. 4 Thinking it over had not conduced to any great satisfaction of mind, judging by his peculiar scowl. He looked up as Martha Darrell appeared. 4 Oh ! I had forgotten you,' he said un graciously. 4 What a time you have - been ! And — what's the matter ?' he added with a start, as the peculiar pallor of his sister's countenance stuck him far the first time. 4 You haven't been going it again, after allv my warnings, have you ?' 4 No, Leonard — Clara and I are very good friends, and understand each other at last,' was the reply. 4 That's aU right. There's nothing like a fair explanation, but- — don't you feel well ?' he asked. 4 Yes — I am very well, thank yon,' she said. 4 Please give me time.' 4 Those stairs are a little trying to people of your age,' the brother remarked, 4 and you are not so young as you used to be.' 'I'don't find stairs inconvenience me in the least,' said Martha quickly, 4 and after all, Leonard 4 I'm only four years older than you. You need not taunt me with my age.' You are out of breath with something or otner, at any race, ne saia, ana you re as white as a sheet, and look a hundred and four, at least.' 4 Do I indeed ?' said Martha, ironically now. . I suppose you have not seen a ghost ?' asked the Colonel. 4 Yes I have — perhaps I have,' cried Martha, faith' sudden excitement, and evidently dis posed to burst into tears ; 4 but you will wait till Clara comes downstairs, and— if you will refrain from asking me anymore questions, Leonard, I shall be very much obliged to yon.' 4 Clara is coming down this morning, then ?' 4 Yes, almost immediately.' - 4 That's welL How rapidly she Is re- " covering, thank Heaven,' he said. 4 How did yon think she was looking ? She was a mere girl when she left the three of yon in Derby shire — she has grown a fine young woman, has she not ?' Martha Darrell nodded twice, bat declined to answer any more questions by word of mouth. She sat down in a chair by tbe door, and folded her hands in her lap. After a while she said with a heavy sigh — 4 X wish Rebecca had come with me. X am always lost withont Rebecca. We have been so many years together.' f. And Selina, too, don't you want Selina ?' tier brother said a little acrimoniously. The last question the sister condescended to respond to. It helped to change the con versation also. 4 1 don't miss Selina very tench,' was the reply. 4 She is a poor sufferer, and has not been my companion as Rebecca has. And she differs from me in so many ways that she often reminds me of your own hasty, over- bearing self, Leonard.' 4 Oh ! indeed.' 4 Has the alderman gone?' she asked. 'Yes.' 4 What do yon think of him now, Leonard ?' Martha Darrell was anxious to keep talking, after all, so that it was not about her self or niece. 'I think he is ah inconsistent old fool.' said the Colenel, twisting himself uneasily in his chair. 4 1 don't like the mau at all. He's either a raving lunatic or a self- satisfied siliikin, according to circumstances.' , 'Siliikin! what a vulgar expression,' ex claimed his sister. 4 He has talked to me of nothing but his infernal city business, and city influence, and city dinners and dignities, and the money he made in the city, till I am positively sick,' growled Colonel Darrell. , . ' 4 But he is a pleasant, good-tempered gentleman, is he not ?' said Martha. 'The more's the pity— yfes,» replied the Colonel. 4 1 tried to put hipi out by sneering at city trading, and by boasting of the Nor- ma a dioou oi »iue iaii-sus, ana what a heap of money we have got, too, but it did not succeed. His son kept interfering, or I might ' — 7 he looked askance for a minute at bit; sister, who, with hands crossed together, had fallen into the deepest thought, and then he broke short the thread <5f his discourse, and shouted 4 Martha I' in such stentorian tones that the lady, taken off her guard, leaped I from her chair in dismay. J 'Good gracious!' exclaimed his sister, re- i lapsing in a half prostrate condition iuto her i seat again. 4 What do you mean by roaring at one like that. What is it. now?' 4 What is it ?' said ihe Colonel, springing up, and beginning to stride along the room. 4 That is just what I want to know. What is i .hi , . . .TV?. ii."' ' 'iji ' j the asp. of my talking if you will notr listen to I a wore I ten saying. What the deuoe has happened upstairs t Yon know somethinj has happened — and that yon have distress© my daughter by some , of your waspish -re marks, and you want her to take time to re cover. That's it, I suppose ; and if you have disturbed her, mind, back you go to Derby shire to-morrow— you shan'4 stop in London to Worry her and deceive me. Everybody tries to deceive me, and I will not stand ii; any longer. . I awear I won't.' 1 have hot deceived yon, Leonard— It is no fault of mine,' Martha cried. 4 What is tio fault of yours?' Rut Martha Darrell had broken doWn, and was now weeping and wringing her hands 4 Oh ! wait till Clara comes— pray wait till Clara comes,' she entreated. 4 1 shan't wait,' the Colonel shontqd. 4 1 am sure that— oh j here she is.' But it was not Clara Darrell who had entered the room, but Mrs. MacAlister, looking very grave. She bowed to the brother, and the sister said at once — 4 Has she sent you ?' 4 Yes,' Mrs. MacAlister replied. The Colonel looked in a wild way from one to the other; the facts were confased and beyond his comprehension. Clara, his daughter Clara, over whose . rapid con valescence he hadrejoioed only that morning, was ill, then — she had been struck down again, after all. There had been a relapse, and this was the end of it ! He stood with his hand upon the mantel piece for support. 4 You bring me bad news, madam,' he said, in a trembling voice. 4 Break it to me as gently as you can — I am not strong to-day as I could wish.' 4 1 am not quite certain that I bring you bad news, Colonel .Darrell,' replied Mrs. .MacAlister, thoughtfully. 4 Not quite certain ?' he repeated interro gatively. 4 My daughter Clara — she ' 4 She will be here presently. 'Yes— but why presently?' he answered tetchily, 4 that is what I cannot understand. Why does she keep from me unless she is ill ?' 4 She is taking leave of a friend,' 4 Taking leave of — whom ?' 4 She purposes returning at once with you to the hotel— even to Derbyshire, if you think she is strong enough for the journey,' replied the old actress. 4 Has she quarrelled with young Archstone again? , 4 She has not quarrelled with anybody,' said Mrs. MacAlister. 4 She and your sister have made up their minds that it will be better for the daughter to get away from this close, dark house of mine — from an enerva ting, artificial sentiment which has sprung up in it against our wills and very strangely too. But then we are women, and — 44 women are strange 1" ' 4 The plain truth, Mrs. MacAlister; if you are not afraid of it,' said the Colonel curtly. 4 1 object to enigmas.' 4 It is yon who seemed afraid of 'it just now,' was the reply. 4 Yes — -yes— that's true,' he answered. 4 Bnt you are. beating about - the bush, for some reason or other, which aggravates me. Why is it?' 4 To gain time.' 4 And ' — 4 To prepare you, Colonel Darrell.' 4 What preparation .do I require ? Where is Clara?' he asked again. £ insist upon knowing.- What friend is she taking leave of ?' 4 Her mother,' answered Mrs. MacAlister, . (to be continued.) 