j Serious ending-to a Practical Joke. tl Broadbrim" in his New York letter to the Kapunda Herald relates ; the following incident which arose out ' of an Irishman's determination to cultivate the acquaintance of some ladv ' neighbors :—" In what used to be j Yorkville in the olden time, but whicii IS ' now an integral portion of the great j city y of New York, llv^d lived Timothy ' Griffen, a tailor by tiade, a bachelor by choice, and an Irishman by birth* Timothy had two old maids for his neighbors, who owned their own place, an 1 if not rich, had enouo-h to keep the pot boiling. Timothy's back fence looked into the garden of these two old ladieB, who, being rather reserved in their manners, seemed to live only for themselves, and manifested no desire whatever to make the ' acquaintance of their neighbors. Mr* Griffin felt lonely, and frequently of an evening when he was taking his after supper smoke, it was no unusual tbingfor him to wander down to the end of his own lot, and leaning on the fence, contemplate the pretty garden of his neighbors on the other side. Occasionally he would surprise Miss Melinda Negley or Miss Feliciana Negley, training the vines or watering the marigolds and bachelor's buttons. His "good day " and "fine weather" were thrown away on Miss Melinda and Miss Feliciana, for they never turned their heads, nor gave him any more attention than if had he been a wooden sign outside a segar store. Many a man can bear being kicked with a good deal of equanimity. Men have been knocked down, and have been known not to resent it; but it is not in flesh and blood to stand being treated with silent contempt. Timothy Griffen was flteshand blood, and Irish fleshand blood at that; and when the blood of the Griffen's was roused—whoop look out! At first he contented himself with throwing stones at their favorite cat whenever she took a nocturnal roost upon the fence, and then, emboldened by immunity from punishment, he climbed over the fence one night, wrapped up in a sheet, and fluteninghis nose against the window pane, cried out "boo-hoo," Mis? Feliciana was just in the act of raisiag s cup of tea to her lips, when she oaoght sight of this horrible Irish appari&ea; oat in the garden. She gave a wik£ scream, and falling back in a faint, kicked over the table, on which was a kerosene lamp, which exploding, set fire* to the house, and it was with exireise- difficulty that Miss Melinda and Miss- Feliciana were rescued from the flames^ 3k> the credit, of Mr. Griffen be it reeorofedf^at * he saw the mischief be had doneiie did not run away, as most people would have done under the circumstances, but" with tbe gallantry of a true Irishman t a„w0 nnmindvul of tbe nersonal v risk, he rushed into tbe borning house,. seized Miss Melinda, who laid motion- • less on the floor, and wrapping 1 the 1 ' sheet ronnd her, with which he played i: the ghost, he carricd her oat in hfe' manly arms. Miss Feliciana followed screaming. The neighbors were aroused, the fire engines arrived; but not before the fire had gained such headway that the Negley homestead was reduaed to a heap of ashes. Mr. Giffan now lies in jail, to await the result of a future investigation. The most serious question which at present exercises the community, is whether to give him a gold medal for saving Miss Feliciana's . life, or send him to the Penitentiary for burning down the house. The question is a difficult one to settle, and the only way I can see out of it for Mr. Griffen, is to marry both sistera, and thus destroy the witnesses of his guilt." Florilike I—For the Teeth aksBkeAtk —A few drops of the liquid " Floriline" sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or imparities ardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops * whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. "The Fragrant Floriline," being composed in part of Honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price 2s. 6d., of all Chemists and Perfumers. Wholesale depot removed to 33, Farnngdon Road, London. Advice to Mothrhs !—Are you broken in your rest by a sick child saffering with ttio pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle of Mrs. Wikslow's Soothing Svbop, It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button." It soothes tiie child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarhoosa, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at Is. l£d- per bottle. WESTON'S WIZARD OIL.—In this powerful medicine the discoverer believes he has com bned in harmony more ot Nature's sovereign urative properties, which God has iustiUed in the vegetable kingdom for healing the sick the r are to be found in n other remedy. It cures all diseases of the throat, lungs, L«IVJ&Rand; BLOO ; renovates and invigorates the whole cystem Its medical properties are alteration sonic solvent, and diuretic.—FRANK WES- TON SOLE PROPRIETOR Every night, before James Gordon Bennett goes to bed he receives, no matter in what part of the globe he may be, a resume of the contents of the A t cw York Herald for the next day, with the headings of the principal articles. If no answer is received from him by 2 30 a.m. ,it is supposed he has no suggestions to make, and the paper goes to press. When he is in Europe (these eable messages often cost £20 for one night's. Bennett's inst ructions are save money. .Kecenliy a deposit of tin of richness was struck on a forty acre-block on the Red Ridge, in the M id die Creek and Ponds district. Inverell. The lucky owners of this t „ find , . are Messrs. . ^ „ McLean . . Bros ;• S^ft'"J® SjSSjS' avi several other blocks in the_ neighborhood. 