FREEMASONRY EXPOSED. The .following graphic (?) letter con tributed by "A Victim" to the order, wMch appeared in the Freemasons? Monthly Magazine, will doubtless be read with interest : — I have joined the Masonic foternity, Mr. Editor. I am a free and accepted ! son, or brother, or whatever it is, of that ancient and mysterious organisation. I have belonged' to many secret societies in my time — I have been an Orangeman, and a Son of Temperance and a Fenian, . and, if I remember aright, I once belonged to a gang of coiners — but this Masonic arrangement, this institution of the com pass and square; distances them alL I .bad often wondered what sort of a thing a Mason was, in what respect he differed from an ordinary being. Again and ; again, have I pumped persons who I thonght knew what was what; with a -view of finding ont something regarding these queer men, bht it was no go. Mnm was the word, and those who conld tell wouldn't, and those who wonld conldn't ; for farther information I was told to go and find ont I had a vague idea of my own that a Mason was a sort of super bfttiffldlroiBg, a regolarring-taUed roarer, with horns and hoofs to match, who could come down the cMmney or get through the keyhole and disappear like a flash of lightning, — a chap that wonld knock blazes ont of a fellow with the wink of Ms eye and of whom the devil himself was afraid. There is ooe singular thing connected with Masonry of which yon are perhaps not aware, and that is a Mason never dies. Occasionally it is given out that a brother has departed this life, and the faternity iB respectfully summoned to do honor to his remains, hut it is all a sham, a big swindle gotten up to throw dust iu the eyes of the uninitiated. The coffin is staffed fall of bricks, and deposited with due solemnity in the cemetery, while the brothers and friends are blabbering their eyes oat over the grave of the dear departed, and the departed is quietly en joying Mmrelf in the back room of some hotel, preparatory to leaving for parts unknown. It is a fact, Mr. Editor, Masons never die. They may change their appearance and move off to other spheres, but as for dying, they don't do it. It is supposed by some that after they have transacted wickednes enough on this earth they are transformed into comets and meteors and go wandering through space, kicking up shines aod raising the devil generally. And a great many people suppose that the laBt meteoric display was notMng more or less' than a free fight between some rival lodges that have crossed each others' path ; the different coloured lights betokening the different degrees they had acquired in the flesh. Freemasonry is of ancient date, as proved by the foot that during the wet season Noah used to hold meetings in the corner of the ark. He was obliged to give it up, however, owing to the curosity of Mrs. Noah, who, notwithstanding the fact that her hoBband placed a big pair of lions and a big crocodile at the door as outside guard, came pretty near finding ont the secret and starting a female lodge on her own hook. I. must tell you the perils and trials I had to undergo to become a Mason. On the evening in question, I presented myself at the door of the Lodge-room, No. 66,666, signs of the skull and cross bones. I was conducted to the ante room, where five or six melancholy chaps, iu sashes and embroidered napkins, were waiting to receive me. On my entrance, they all got up sud turned back somersaults, and then quietiv resumed their seats. A big fet fellow, who sat in the middle; and who seemed to be the proprietor, then said. " Sinner from the outward world advance." I advanced. " Will yon give np everything to join ns t" " Not if I know it," said L " There's my wife and fourteen fine " (Another party here told me it was a mere matter of form). The fellovrein the towels then groaned and said, " "Tis well," " Do you swear never to reveal anything you may see or hear this evening, not to your wife?" I said, " Pon my word I will not." Theo they examined my teeth and felt my muscles, and made me put out my tongue, and then groaned again. I said, " If you don't feel well, I have got a little bottle here that " That fat man here took hold of the bottle from me, and told me to shut up. He theu, in a voice of thunder, said, " Bring forth the goat." Another fellow then came forth to blindfold me. " No you don't Mr. Mason," I said ; " No tricks on travellers, if you please. I don't believe iu playing at blindman's buff with a goat I'll ride the devil if you like, but I don't go it blind. Stand back, or I'll knock you into smithereens." They were too much for me, however, and I had to submit to it blindfolded. The goat was then led in, and I could hear him making an awful racket among the furniture, I began to feel that I was urgently wanted at home, but I was in for it, and could not help myself Three or four fellows theu seized me, and with a demoniacal laugh pitched me on the animal's back, telling me at the same time to look ont for squalls. I have been in a good many scrapes, Mr. Editor. I've been in an election fight ; I've been pitched out of a four-story window ; have gone down in a railroad collision, and up in a steamboat explosion, but this goat excursion was ahead of them all. The confounded things must be all wings and horns. It bnmped me against the tables and the stove, and the ceiling, but I hung on like a Trojan. I turned front somersaults, and rolled over till I thought it was all over with me. I was jnst on the point of giving np when the bandage fell from my eyes, and the goat bounded through the window with a yell like a Camanche Indian giviag np the ghost. I was in a Lodge of Masons. They were dancing a war dance around a skull, and playing leap frog and turning handsprings, and the big fat fellow of the ante room was standing on his head in the corner finishing the contents of my little bottle. Order was soon restored, and I was led up to a desk and -told to stand at case. The chief engineer of the establishment then put his thumb to his nose and stretchiDg his fingers in the Bhape of a fan towards me, commanded silence. The rret of the brethren did otherwise, and were silent The governor then addressed me. " Brother Knobb, you are now one of as. You are now a member of an in stitution that has lasted over ten million of years: From this time hence your constitution is sound. Yon are imper vious to light and heat, or any other atmospheric influence. Yon are water proof, fire-proof, and over-proof With impunity yon may walk through the lake, or tit on a red-hot stove ; with im punity drink aquafortis, rye whisky, Wahoo bitters, or any other poisonous substance. You are free from rheumatism, dyspepsia, whooping-cough and the measles. The sheriff dare not seize you for debt, nor the policeman for misde meanor. Yon are of us, and you are safe. Here is the pass-word ; with that and a big club you can get into any lodge in Christendom." I then stood the whisky and water all the way round, and I was a free and accepted Mason. 