111 On Dit. TlUT the truck system ivnr^.i awinsrain^ly iuOooma. . * That if some «f i\\*. e-ww jupdti on Msnnro WEro ciin|nr I wish \%-t «Dainn pftpert a clue would be Imnishud as to ignorant jieoplo whu h«vu Raid this year they can inn win irnio. ThatMio Wcsluyan ten mooting, ucrad concert, and puulia muoting }-u-ud off »d initnbly on Friday night. Tliat ' tho «-onl ' tras jia«oi round to sonii) people to put op;i itilo tlmlr natnof in the centui impors 'ruad and trritv,' aud that the Oooina «iinincrntor should loeto it Tlmt tin uttampt liu boon msdo to battle tbe Gngedisaridc gh-jnU '1'hat a mau who ' uoitlmr foars God nor the duvil ' wont tu interview the ghost at Goeodiwrick. Tliat Dr. Downw'i mm Bfieha«l Iws hid an ouooiintor with a ghost on ths Syd ney read, near tlio plncu whoru Mr. liurku met llis death. Tliat an old man in Cooma is in such dri-ml of bmng jKiisoriml that ho nuts .two saddlors to inspout his dinner urary day. Tliat a upleiidid wliDvo in going up np posite Mr. John Roddan'i in ShatJ- -atronl. That tlio Kouthi'm Argut muralises on igiioranoa allujotl t-- bu provttlcnt at Urv I'Jain. and taxes a evniii* -.'ol)r.-(or witii ruvealini; information. 'I'lnt n.'Mady ouiiecluil with the best families in JCnglmif ' liui'H imt qunsiiitir it infra, dig. to keep a piihlic-imnse. That Sir ?JolihiialB.-BU.iMwiJiU-iit .if Qao»nl-»y»« iin'i'.'ii ireTiViinil P*:-linii'titiiv candidnte who r.irulu^l his .1'jm.ii ..f i'l ), ??«ys Im v Jims t!u« tivoiily guineas r.'u-jiiily prosuiit'-J tu' liim (hn in h'liIu'ius!! i( i* n protest ntpuitut onu r,f thu |irm,ni'i:i3 nl tliu Kloutoral Act. TJmt eighty p.-itile --n Snttir.liv night wont tn hear lite Hugiiudm hunilin,; Tlmt Aiii;usl lliiriinieii hut He1, up ni it machinist in I'urrjiiimtt.i. That Jiuimutt is freezing on to thu Cin.lo lo lUilwiiy n^itntiou. Tlinl mviy piiijple on Mtiiacn him ni'lly disappniiitoil thatthuir J-.0. juil^: llni not beun nuked to pivsido ovm-tiiu junoivoiii-y Court. That Louuluiiis in Coomndoun not uvinco good broediug when hu insultingly oimi^Iii after a minister of roligiou, nnr would he liko to son it done to a minister of his own fnilli. That 5001) sheop nro Ibalii.g on tlio cum ?uenngo. That nnoloctioneering consoler of twenty guineas has been paid to tho dofualcd can didate who suflcrud £40 during thu 1'arlin inuutnry (Jain in Qiioanbnynu. Tliat Mr. Mutton, acting nceoiinlanl nl tho Comtnoreial, is nn obliging ollieial. 7'lmt the coinmoiiage xliunp loafers utii introducing rams to their (locks. Tliat lit Ikga, Slnall store pigs bring 13s Oil to 17s ; good nnd large, 24s lo 2Hi .'111. That the prospectors of Montivnl golil fiold liave received ifiOi) ruwanl frmi (J«funini«»t ; £A io £5 a wcok uru made. *y some of the minors thoro. Tlmt tlio piKiplu of Cnnitm ought lo nsk Govcrniuout for n poetinnu to dciivur their That Tom 1'oaiv.o is ns popular ni mrf, aud witl iiorforiu. in mhiiuict.ion u-ith Mr. Mnssny, the gru.it il.incer, nt llurriilnli!, Jiiiilabynn, ltuekloy's Orossiug, iiml Jtn bumliirnh shurtly. That the lluuumlra ghost h tho Mnnam soiisatioii i-{ tliu ila), uliil Hint tho l«i«l, way tho njiirit to allay in to sou ijiiully whom it intuit ultimately lionolil. 1'hat over u hunduMl pupils nltond Coonm Public School on (ho nvern^'o. Tlmt Mesara. 0. W. Spring ami 0. II. Stuart, hnvo bnuii, u]jpj)hito'l to opou thu Star of llurridalu f^odso. That tho old limn had roast lurkuy nnd ]ioar pie for dinner lint Himilny. That it was ono day's work lorn uinuiitcd policeman to nilo from lle^.i In Oontua. '1'hat the iSuuiry River poojilu buliuvu in linukn, but do not patrnuino the one nt 1'hat Mr. Wnildingloii in org.itii/.iug a string biiml in Oooma. That two bandsman just out from Scot land have nettled ilmvu nt llredbn. That Muiara. O. Uuiniii;,', S. W.milurofL, nnd nunihiini of other persons went to n*:v tho ghoul nl' Muguiiilrn on Friday niglil, heard tin1 rn|)u in n liltlu ronni, wuro tolil that n little -girl had .iImkm-mkJ (fh-rtto f.il lowing her iiml that chililrou Im'l beim pulled out of bed, and relumed lo Conuin safely. That suiuooflhoUooin.iitertiniiu'ua 'pot' on tho Cup at llumlwiuk. mnl others wuro lioarly going to pot. That the profits nt the recent WeJoyan gatlioringin Cnuinafunomiled tononrly tl«. That it is thu duty nf tho Iiujwctor of Nunutiices tn ii\ijuini if any parson washes llightni.il Giuks in Oomna(Ji'oeli. 'J'hat toniliirs for the nUgo iittiugs of Cooni-i School of Arts will close of Alonilay next. That tenders for tho weekly mail from Huckli!y'« Oroiising to Jiineubuen will close next Wcduesilay, 4th of May. That tlioro is no work for married men in Oooma unless they knuckle down to tlio truck, That n resident of Mnnaro is willing to give £203 to the Defence Fund to secure justice. , Tliat a Cooma boss telographod ia Syd ney for a acabblor, nnd n scavenger came np in rcspousu to tl|o tolagram that reached Sydney. Thai tho assessors huve pnppoil it on tlie Cooma School of ArU too hot altogothor. That the now Wcsleynn minister is a tarnation good preacher. TJint tlio Woiloyans of Oooma hnvo ar ranged to have a Sunday School, to bo open at lialf-pusi 2 p.m. That tho trustcos.of Cooma Cnnimonhge - will probably moot, to do buisnoas this nfUirnoon. :V That tho match between Thos. Bpring nnd J. Dnnu will probably come off in Dombala on the lirst of June. That Will) Uenconsfioid and Derby liud tho Baiiiij nizti legs, ns ono Lord is going lo wear the o;her Lord'* (firlcr. 