Music and Drama. The third concert of the Musical Union's present season, which was given last Thursday in the Masonic Hall, was on the whole a verj successful one. True it is, that this success was not achieved by the society's performers, for the great vocal attraction was Miss Christian, and the great instrumental charm was the pianoforte playing of Mr. Sydney Moss, the society's conductor. Each nart of the nrammmo began with a portion of a Mozart quartet (piano and strings) which was fairly played by Mr. Thompson first violin, two gentlemen amateurs — one of whom is an enthusiastic and valuable member and officer of the society — and Mr. S. Moss at the pianoforte. Each, part closed with a choral number which included a solo part; and in each case the society's perform ance followed that of Miss Christian. No better plan could have been adopted, if the object of the society was to show their supporters how far their best singers were behind the gifted vocalist who charmed all by her exquisite vocalization and mag nificent voice ; and certainly no worse plan could have been devised for setting forth the claims of the Bociety to the sympathy of the public. The fact of singing immediately after the great contralto would be a try ing ordeal to most young singers ; the justification lay in the apparent insensibility of the soprano vocalist to any such feeling, and in the temerity with which, she persisted in clipping her notes and singing through her teeth as if by way of protest against the sustained tones which found such ready egress from the finely trained organs of the contralto. The chorus sang well in the Mendelssohn and Hauptmann choruses. An amateur with a good tenor voice essayed one song. Mr. Bushelle selected a scena from Gounod's unsuc cessful' opera, la Heiw de Saba, a fine song demanding a voice of extensive range and full power ; the artist has not fully recovered Ids wonted vocal freedom, and some parts were rough and inartistic in their render ing, others again displayed line quality and rich ful ness of tone and compass with sympathetic interpre tation. Miss Christian, whose greeting was an ovation, sang first a classic gem of the last century, which, though well-kown in home musical circles with the Italian version, ' Caro mio ben,' is a stranger here ; the exact authorship is uncertain. It belongs to one of two brothers, Giordone, part of a family who migrated from Italy to London, where they gave operatic entertainments with considerable success, frequently performing works composed by one or other of their party. Mme. Patey has edited several of the canzonets by classic authors. Mme. Mac farren has provided English words, and Miss Christian has introduced them to the colonies. The second song was one by Arthur Sullivan, 'My Dearest Heart ;' it is not in the popular style which marks many of his songs. The opening is mournful, but there is room for a display of deep feeling in the concluding verse, where the lonely mourner is carried beyond the days of old to the city within the gates of gold. The artist worked up this portion most impressively, carrying her hearers entirely with her. Each song was encored, and in each case the repetition was in direct contrast to the song; the first was 'Twickenham Ferry,' the second ' Twenty- one,' both full of humour and most characteristically rendered. The performance ought to be of great value to young vocalists who are desirous to improve. Mr. Sydney Moss played a solo by Raff, ' Abende,' a ' Valse Caprice' by Rubenstein, and a paraphrase of Senta's song from Wagner's 'Flying Dutchman,' in all of which he evinced great skill and delicacy with force and brilliancy. As a pianist he is always most welcome in any concert, and he has no equal as an executant amongst the resident pianoforte players of Sydney. His interpretation of the several pieces was scholarly and refined ; for an encore he played an air by Ghys, of the time of Louis XIII., and besides these solos he accompanied each of the singers, and took part in the quartet. The Hall was crowded, and the audience in the highest state of demonstrative approval. As soon as Miss Christian's last notes were heard there was a rush to the door, which was neither becoming in the movers nor complimentary to the society whose concert they were attending. Miss Christian, who was so enthusiastically wel comed back at the Musical Union's concert, and whose magnificent singing was received with accla mation, will give a concert in the Masonic Hall next Tuesday. It will be a notable event in consequence of the number of first appearances which will be made on the occasion. Foremost among the new artistes whom Miss Christian will introduce are Mr. Charles Turner (tenor), and Miss Aimis Montague (soprano), who have achieved great success at recent Melbourne concerts. Mr. John Zengheer Herrmann, a talented violoncellist, will also make his first bow to a Sydney audience at this con cert, which Miss Cluistian is evidently resolved to make a brilliant success, and which it is to be hoped will be only the first of a series. The Austrian Strauss Band had a non-official concert at the Masonic Hall on Friday. The band was far too powerful for the room, and it would be very unjust to pronounce an opinion on a concert held under such disadvantageous circumstances to all concerned. The differences between the contending parties have beeu happily settled, and though a week was lost; and a golden harvest scattered through the non-appearance of the band, as advertised on Anniversary night, there is a fair prospect of a career which will be creditable to the players, remunerative to the entrepreneurs, and both amusing and instructive to the public. Herr Braun, the newly- appointed conductor, was principal violin under Herr Wildner's baton ; it is evident that the band's confidence is as perfect as the conductor's control. On Wednesday night the first of a series of concerts in the old Exhibition building was given by the band, and was both musically and numerically successful. Such band music has never before been heard hi Sj-dney. A clarionet eolo deserves special mention for its exquisite rendering. A fuller notice of this series of concerts will appear in our next issue. The changes in diama have been numerous. At the Theatre Royal 'Ours' was withdrawn after a fortnight's run, its popularity was unabated, and the management might with safety have continued it for another week. However ' School' was produced on Saturday, and the charms of the new entertainment eclipsed the regret for the disappearance of the old one. ' School ' is too well known to make any accountof the plotnecessary ; in the majority of the characters the cast is excellent, and as a whole it has never been equalled in Sydney. The parts *-.f Naomi Tighe and Bella are respectively given to Miss Blanche Stammers and Mrs. ' Gordon ; the latter has not been so fortunate in any previous representation, in this she has won unquali fied praise. Miss Blanche Stammers entirely fulfills the ideal warm-hearted, boisterous school girl, full of frolic and sentiment, and irresistibly charming in her chivalrous love and protection for Bella. Mrs. Stammers is a most dignified and truthful type; of the Principal of a Ladies' Seminary, before the days of Cambridge Junior and Senior Examinations, or the triumphs of Girton. and Newaham. In many things. 1 the world has progressed, but I am not sure that all 1 is gain in the changes which have come over the I education of girlB. The school-girls of the present ' day 'would ridicule ' Cinderella,' but such fairy tales § are far less dangerous than the novels indulged in 5 nowadays. Miss Nellie Playfair deserves mention 1 for the truthful imitation of the lazy, lolly-eating ; dawdler, and the tribe of little ones looked very plea ' *- sant lying about in the delightful retreat which Mr. ?? Gordon provided for them. Mr. Titheradge is an irreproachable Lord Beaufoy; Mr. Arthur Garner ; fashionably languid in talk, with a sterling heart -'?: under his calm exterior, alike a fine physique i and a disposition in which doing nothing, fall ing in love, and behaving like a hero tried for the mastery. Mr. Shepherd might be a good Beau Parintofih, but Mr. Garner would be a better ; a beau ' of the old regime was necessarily a true gentleman, and an English gentleman never gushes. Mr. Garner [ has given good proof of his capabilities as Richard Dawson, of Wheatlands, and Sir Geoffrey Champneys ; the change in cast might not have improved Jack Poyntz, but assuming that Mr. Shepherd would have become Dr. Sutcliffe he would have been well placed. Mr. Vincent is too measured in delivery and too stiff in deportment. The Krux of Mr. Cates is the greatest surprise of all ; no part he has attempted gave any ?. clue to the power of delineating a low sneak, which £ he undoubtedly possesses in a singular degree. p The mounting and scenery are excellent throughout. f At the Gaiety Mr. Frederick Marshall appeared in \ two of his greatest impersonations ; Jacob Vance, the '?? Deal Boatman, in a drama by F. C. Burnand, one of i the first humourists of the day, and the successor of [ an equally prolific writer of plays, Tom Taylor, as Editor of Punch ; and as Waverley Brown in Byron's broad comedy ' The Old Story.' There is little to add to what has been so often stated in these columns as to Mr. F. Marshall's excellent acting ; whatever he undertakes he does so thoroughly that every charac ter assumed seems to be the one specially adapted to hi6 powers. Such was the case on Saturday, when in the varying moods through which he is carried in the process of the drama lie delighted all, whether as the honest, rough sailor, rejoicing in the beauty of his adopted daughter, and preparing for her weddding ; in his agony at her disappearance and fury when he discovers her flight, or in his despair as he wanders through London in his apparently hopeless search for the lost one, and in the conflict of passions which precede the close. The recognition of his success *? was universal and heartily demonstrative, the audience using every effort to manifest their pleasure. A corresponding effect was produced by the delineation of his life as Waverley Brown, the rich old bachelor, susceptible to feminine charms, and almost the victim of the clever widow, Mrs. Minerva Deadset (Miss Marion Stammers.) ' The Old Story ' affords good opportuni ties for the various members of the Gaiety Company, Misses Melrose and Ada Lester, Messrs. Emmett and Edmund Marshall being particularly successful. In the Deal Boatman Miss Melrose acts very well as Mary Vance, the constant playing with so skilled an arti6t as Mr. F. Marshall is a boon by which this promising young artist is evidently profiting greatly. The new pieces bid fair to have a long ran. At the Opera House ' Hero and Leander ' entered its second week, but was replaced on Wednesday by a sensational play ' Fettered.' The leading characters were sustained by Miss Edith Pender, Miss Johns, rnd Mr. James South. The attendance was very limited, and the performers appeared to be somewhat disheartened at this, as the piece was brought to an abrupt termination shortly after 10 o'clock. When the curtain was rung down there, appeared to be some ?: uncertainty as to whether the performance was con cluded or not, as several people remained in their seats ; but all doubts on this score were set at rest by the lights being turned out a few minutes afterwards. To-night ' Grif ' will be produced, the little waif, the heroine, is entrusted to Miss Mattie Taylor. The final performance of the successful pantomime at the Queen's was given en Friday, to-night ?' the Danites,' a drama wliich has been played with great success by several companies in Melbourne, will be produced for the first time in Sydney. The following interesting account from my valued knight shows how busy the Melbourne musical and ; dramatic world is there : — ' The chief musical event of the fortnight has been the farewell complimentary concert to Signor Verdi in the Town Hall, which took place last Saturday week. The popularity of the beneficiaire, as well as the ex cellence of the programme, secured an excellent at tendance, and the results must have been most grati fying to those who assisted, comprising Mrs. Cutter, Signora Coy, Signora Palmer, Miss Annie Montague, ? and Messrs. Farley, Coy, Turner, Kowalski, Zelman, and Scherek — who has just returned from New Zealand, whither he went, some time ago, with the Urso Company. Signor Verdi's songs ?were ' The Bugler ' by Pinsuti, with ' II Balen ' as an encore, and ' Gilles de Bretagne,' an aria from an opera by Kowalski, which secured an enthusiastic recall for both singer and composer. All the other numbers were successfully rendered and warmly received by the large and sympathetic audience. Signor Verdi will be remembered here chiefly in connection with t the brief season of opera given by himself and Signor I de Vivo. The venture seemed to rouse his energies, '\ and he sang with unwonted spirit and success, especi 7 ally as 'Don Giovanni ; ' at other times he showed a i disposition to become careless in singing and lacka I daiscal in acting, but his superb voice and tine appear - | ance generally ' pulled him through ' the ordeal ; I hi6 undoubted- ability, and his uniform courtesy in I assisting other artists, have now secured for him a I well-merited reward. t, 'HeirBenno Scherek, whose name I have just : mentioned, will be remembered as the conductor of I the Urso concerts here and in Sydney ; his knowledge I of music is very great, and his pianoforte playing of :' no mean order; indeed by many it was thought :- superior to that of the pianist of the company. He i recently gave, with Madame Tasca, a pianoforte I recital on the Brinsmead sostenente pianos, at the I Exhibition, consisting of duets chiefly new to a Mel i bourne audience ; the programme comprised a I gavotte, minuet, and march, by Scharwenka, and Nor : dische's No. 122 by the same composer ; also - Russia' i and ' Hungary,' selections « From Foreign Parts,' by !: Moszkowski. At the same place Kowalski gave on Thursday, the 20th, a grand matinee musicale, with the : assistance of Miss Annie Montague, Messrs. Zebnan, ? Weston, and Hart. The programme included Men delssohn's trio in C minor, and ended with the inevi table ' Marche Hongroise,' for two pianos. The Exhi ! bition organ promises to be a ? white elephant' for [ the Commissioners. It has been completed, and Mr. r David Lee, the city organist, has reported favourably \ , upon its construction and merits; but it ought to '.: have been available two months ago, and the machinery I f ot supplying the instrument with wind has been a ; crux to the officials. Water pressure failed, and a I steam fire-engine had to be used, involving \ increased outlay. But, what is to become of the huge instrument after the close of the big show is almost as difficult a problem for solution ae that of the ultimate fate of the building. Mr. Sykes has continued his recitals on the huge ? kist o whistles,' but on Tuesday last his perform ance was abruptly stopped by the failure of the wind. Mr. Lee has now been definitely appointed Ex hibition organist, and he will for the future play every Monday, Wednesday, and Saturday. On Friday week the children of the State schools of Collingwood and N. Fitzroy gave a concert of vocal music in the Exhibi tion ; Mr. W. Bonwick conducted and Mr. Summers presided at the organ. It is announced that 15,000 children are prepared to take part in these Friday after noon performances, and that they will do so in choirs of 1000 at a time, on consecutive Fridays ; that of Fri day last was under the control of Mr. Allen, senior sing ingmasterintheDepartment of Education. The Phil harmonic Society held its annual meeting on Tuesday, the 25th ; the 27th annual report was read and showed that the oldest musical society of the southern hemi sphere is in a most flourishing condition. Sir George Verdon was again elected president, and Mr. D. Lee was appointed to the post of honorarv conductor. The brass band contest, inaugurated by Mr. Fulton, was finished on the night of tne2lst, atthe Novelty Theatre, whither the contending bands had been driven from the M. C. C. ground by stress of weather. The judges were Messrs. Siede, Summers, and Elsasser. They unanimously placed the Sandhurst band first, and City of Melbourne second. The competing bands were annoyed that Mr. Fulton was not present when the decision was arrived at ; he has since announced that the prizes will be presented to the successful com petitors at places and times specified in the advertise ments. The 139th concert of the Melbourne Lieder taiel was given on Monday, the 24th, in the Athenaeum Hall ; it was a social evening 4 for gentlemen only.' The part singing was of the usual order and excel lence, and the soloists, vocal and instrumental, were those who have frequently before been mentioned in my letters ; the greatest novelty was the ' Nancy Lee,' Stephen Adams's popular song, which Mr, Plumpton harmonised as a part song for the society ; the result was highly successful, and made one regret that so fine a song should have become so hackneyed as to have been almost banished from the concert room and salon. De Quincey tells us that he used to take opium when he visited the opera to heighten the en joyment produced by the music ; I suppose that beer and tobacco have a similar effect at these Ilcrrcn-Abcnd, though the after-consequences are not so serious ; certainly the social intercourse is a pleasant adjunct to delightful music ; the meet ings remind me forcibly of the good old days at Evans's, so graphically described by Thackeray, save that we are not likely to hear such glee singing as was heard there so late as ten years ago, nor to have such artistic surroundings as the fine old pictures which graced the walls of the famous room at Covent Garden. Tome sol-faism seems to have taken a firm hold of a section of. the musical public ; the annual meeting of the association was held on Monday last, when a report was read showing that considerable progress had been made during the year, chiefly by the efforts of Mr. Raphael Benjamin, M.A., its instruc tor. Mr. Williamson is about to produce the ' Pirates of Penzance' here and in Sydney at the same time; already the music is advertised for sale at Allan's. The ' ATictoria Cantata Society* of Mons. Ca'ron has failed in its inception ; but vigorous efforts are being made to procure a good gathering from the various musical societies to produce the llev. Dr. Torrance's music. This gentleman, who is a clergyman in the Church of England, has long been known as an excellent amateur musician, and some time ago obtained the degree of Mus. Doc.fronrT.C, D., in recognition of his writings. He has since interested himself on behalf of the ' Infant Mozart,' whose musical and general education he directs and for whose benefit he has organized a system of annual contributions, thereby rescuing th e child from almost certain ruin. ' At the Opera House ' La Fille du Tambour Major ' continues its successful career, and there is little change in the performance at the Royal beyond the introduction of ' The Flying Bee ' into the pan tomime, a novelty which is 6aid to have been * recently received from Europe,' and to be ? the present excite ment in Paris, Rome and London.' ? Little Goody Two-Shoes * has entered upon its fifth week at the Bijou, in spite of the protests made by a portion of the Press, including Punch, whose cartoon on the subject is a clever protest against the employment of young children on the stage. ' At the People's Theatre the entertainment of music, magic, mirth, and mystery, lasted until the 21 st, the ' Chelsea Pensioner ' and * Faust and Marguerite ' being the means of introducing the well-known ' ghost ' effects ; the ' Haunted House ' replaced these pieces, and now half share in the business and apparatus is advertised for sale. Last Saturday Miss Marion Willis appeared for the first time with the New Zealand Combination in an entirely new society drama ? Run to Earth,' followed by the farce of 'The Limerick Boy.' ' At St. George's Hall the Only Leon took a fare well benefit on the 100th night of his entertainment given there, which has now entered upon its last week but one. He keeps interest alive by clever burlesques . of pieces, which are being or have recently been played at other houses, such as ? Sinbad the Tailor,' ? RUe of Little Goody Big Shoes,' 'Galatea,' and a lecture a la Proctor. ' Mr. Coppin announced his intention to resign the position of master of the Australian Dramatic Associ ation at its eighth annual meeting ; the financial affairs of the society are not flourishing, but the Hon. W. J. Clarke has just given a donation of £100 towards making the founders' cottage self-supporting. ' Kitts's Music Hall is doing good business, and the ? Noveltv ' is advertised ' to let.' ' January 31. ' Galahad.' The Xcw Zealand Mail pays lengthy tributes to the masterly powers of the eminent musician and pianist, Henry Ketten. From one article the following is extracted, it will find universal echo in Sydney : — 'His astounding technique, his perfect mastery over all the powers of the instrument, the splendid octave playing, the acme of perfection in the runs and shakes, and the beautiful phrasing are new reve lations to the generality of the lovers of music, and any verbal or -written attempt at description can only serve to convince the narrator of the poverty of his mother tongue. Mr. Ketten playing the pianoforte shows the best known of instruments to possess powers and resources that probably nine in ten of his audience never before imagined to exist, and therefore to the majority of his hearers an evening spent under the spell he causes is a musical educa tion.' The well deserved praise ends with eloquently expressed regret that such comparatively small sup port has been accorded to the ' greatest artist who has ever visited or who is likely to visit new Zea land.' In Tasmania Mr. W. H. Leake has had a great success in ' The Three Musketeers,' his dramatised version of Dumas's novel, and as Kerry Gow. He played Hamlet for his own benefit. Mr. Wybert Heeve succeeds hi'i as star at the Hobart Royal, and is to play his great part of Fosco, in the ' Woman in 'White.' Mr. Bandmann's ' Narcisse ' is highly praised, and Mrs. J. B. Steele has joined the,-company, with very great benefit thereto. This lady was to take a fare well benefit on January 17th, previous to her de parture for England. Signor Ortori is in Brisbane, delighting the Queens landers. LAUNCELOT. 