WAE IN HEAVEN. By Pbtjtetbe. •Ate apocalyptic war in heaven—Milton's ' deBoription-The Pope's third bull for transfer of Council from Basle to Ferrara— The Pope deposed by the mad oabal at Basle—An anti-Pope eleoted—Ex-Duke of g av0y Rip&glia;—Coronation of Felix V. : as false P ipe—Arrival of the Emperor of the East at "Venice—The Doge's welcome— Ferrara and Pope's entry—Emperor's interview with the Pope—Plague at Ferrara—Removal of Council to Florence, I 1439—Reconciliation of the East and West I' __The Pragmatic Sanction—The anti-Pope's fall—The Armenian Catholics, Ethio pian Catholics, Jacobite Catholics reconciled to the See of Rome—Gentle fall of the anti- Pope and extinction of the Basle sobism.] The Evangelist, St. John, tells us that ' there was war in heaven: Miohael and his angels fought against the Dragon ; and the Dragon and his angels fought, and did not prevail, neither was their place found any more in heaven" [Apocalypse xii., 7, 8]. Every esteemed reader who has Milton's paradise Lout off by heart will remember tow, in Book VI., the great Cromwellian poet lets his imagination loose upon this solemn and mysterious passage of holy scripture, and therein gives us in detail, almost as minute as the Duke of Wellington's despatch of the famous Waterloo, an acoonnt in |black verse of the grand mttii and last decisive engagement in which the celestial militia, led on by Michael the archangel, drove out the rebel angpls under Lucifer, the Old Serpent, or Dragon, expelled them by force of arms from their native land on high never to return. | Michael bid sound f The archangel trumpet. Through the vast of ' heaven ! It Bounded, and the faithful armies rung, Hosanna to the Highest I Nor stood at gaze The adverse legions, nor less hideous joined The horrid shook. Now storming fiery roBe And clamour, such as heard in heaven till then Was never; arms on armour clashing Horrible discord, and tho madd'ning wheels Of brazen chariots raged; dire was the noise Of combat; over head the dismal hiss Of fiery darts in flaming vollies flew, And flying vaulted either host with fire; So under fiery cope together rushed, Both battles main with ruinous assault And inextiuguishable rage. All heaven Besounds ; and had earth been then, all earth Sad to her centre shook. There may, however, be war, and very furious, loud, resounding war, without lance, or spear, or sword, or caliver. A polemical conflict of opinioDS may stir up a nation to its core, and throw it into wrathful tumult without spilling blood on either side. The so-called " Free Church" uproar kept Sootland in a broil for 20 years. The socalled " Oxford Movement" convulsed English [and Irish and Scotoh] society for twice 20, and is only now slowly dying out. Was it such a war St. John records as having taken place in heaven? Was Lucifer the first heretic who would ohoose to.believe or to disbelieve what God revealed as his " reason" prompted him P Did he broach his heresy in heaven, and by his subtle arguments seduce one- third of the angelic hosts to adopt his heretical opinions ? The Evangelist does not forget to inform us that the Old Serpent or Dragon, Luoifer, was oast out—driven forth, forcibly expelled, by the faithful army of the skies, the angels who would not "choose for themselves"—who would not be heretics excommunicated without hope of restoration. Be the war of what sort it may, the solemn and mysterious fact remains that there wot war in heaven; and if the excommunicated angels have been permitted to find a place onearth, we may oease to wonder when strifes, and disputes, and controversies, and party feuds surge up in the Church on earth. It is mournful to witness the havoc they make with brotherly love, and all that remains for the Church to do with them is to heal them, appease them, soothe them, reconcile and put a peaceful end to them as soon as possible. This the Churoh of God on earth has always done. This all heretics never do, never attempt to do, never can do, never know how to do, never like to do, and consequently continue heretics, estranged, driven out, excommunicated, self-contradicting " Churches" forever. The Next Stbp. On receiving the second notice that the Council was to be transferred to Italy, m stated last week, the fathers of Basle, by a large majority, " resolved" that Eugenius IV. was contumacious, and [very kindly] gave him 60 days to revoke his bull,.or they would proceed against him without further warning. Much reforming labour was also wasted in fegard to papal fees, At last, however, the Pope's plans for receiving the Emperor John PolcBologus and the Eastern bishops being completed, Eugeniuewas obliged to take up an Attitude of firmness towards the Council, and he informed them that they, must come to. Italy. Their eitrarao>rit. assumptions,. howaver, had an effect they had not contemplated. Emperor expressed his imperii. displeasure with their recent decrees, and Henry VI., King of England,.wrote them a letter in which he called them." anasaembly;" tod thus questioned their right to sit. On October 1,1437, the Pope, published hisfinal rail for the assembling of the lOoraon. a t Fbbbiba, - which happened to be the same Say the fathers at Basle had resolved proceed against Epgenius. On October « they laid the charges 'against 'the Pope formally before the Council, and . while the debate was pending the Emperor Sigismund died, and his son-in-law, Albert, Duke of Austria, was elected to the imperial dignity. On the 8th of January, 1438, the Council suspended at Basle was opened at the city of Ferrara, to suit the convenience of the Eastern prelates, as being near Venice, where they and the Emperor were expected to land. The Council was presided over by Cardinal Nicolas Albergati, of the Holy Christian Church at Jerusalem, and Cardinal Cesarini, Legate at Basle, came away from that city with 10 or 12 bishops, leaving only eleven buhops behind, who, with 7 or 8 abbots, and about 100 theologians, still persisted in calling themselves the true Council, in opposition to the fathers who had come to Ferrara. On February 6, 1438, the Pope came from Bologna, and made his public entry into Ferrara, with a train of 72 bishops. The Holy Father was met near the gates by the whole body of the nobility of Ferrara, and conducted with great pomp, under a canopy of cloth of gold, to the palace prepared for him. Two days after he presided in person over that session of the Council. Aebival op Josh Pai/eolootjb. Meantime, on November 25, 1437, the Emperor John embarked for Italy, taking up his brother Demetrius, King of the Morea, as he went. The Emperor was accompanied by Joseph, Patriarch of Constantinople; Isidore, grand metropolitan of all Russia, and 24 bishops of the higher rank, as many more of the second order, with abbots and others; in all, about 70. These were conveyed in 9 or 10 galleys of the largest size, and, after a prosperous voyage, arrived in sight of Venice, February 5,1438, the day before the Pope's entry into Ferrara. As the Emperor approached, the Doge and Senate went on board their magnificent State galley, the far-famed Bucentaur, and, accompanied by the nobility of Venice in their own vessels, went out to meet the Emperor and his retinue, whom they conducted, with "silver trump and upreared gonfalon," to the palace of St. Mark, where all the magnates came to pay their respects to his Majesty, coming, as he did, seeking to reconcile his Eastern subjects to the Supreme Pontiff and Church in Rome. After resting at Venice, and partaking ^ of the Doge's prinoely hospi talities until February 28, he proceeded, with all the Greek bishops except the Patriarch Joseph, onwards to Ferrara, where they all arrived safe on March 4, and made their entry into the city. This entry was prepared for with nnnsnal splendour. The whole nobility of Ferrara met and weloomed the Greek emperor. Under a canopy of cloth of gold, supported by lonjr staves of solid silver, the emperor was led to the Pope's palace. Before him walked 12 cardinals and many bishopB. When hismajesty reached the Pope's chamber door, the Holy Father met hitn|there, and, as the emperor stooped to kneel and offer the usual salutations, Eugenius prevented him by embracing him with his arms, and led him to a seat placed beside his own, where they held a long and friendly conversation apart from all hearers. When the interview was ended, the emperor bade the Pope a respectful good-bye, and was conducted to a palace sumptuously furnished and prepared for him by the Pope. Four days after, the Patriarch Joseph, who had been detained at Venice by indisposition, came in, and was met by a large body of the cardinals, bishops, and nobility, who escorted him to the Pope's residence, where he had a long -private conference with the Sovereign Pontiff, who welcomed him with every mark of respect and affection. Eugenius fully explained to the Emperor and Patriarch of Constantinople how matters stood with regard to Basle, although neither of these personages were icrnorant of the Council's restive temper. Once more ,the Pope .sent letters and messengers requesting the fathers to close their sittings and come to Ferrara, informing them that he and the emperor and Greek bishops would wait four months for them, and that no delay after the end of that period could be endured, as the emperor must get baok to Constantinople for the purpose of fortifying his capital and taking other measures of defence against the Turks, whose approach was a menace to all Europe. chair vacant; appointed Louis Alm*,^ Cardinal Arohbishopof Arles fin Fr&noe;] to be President of the Oonnoil, in the room of Cardinal Cesarini; and nominated -a com- Thh Response of Bablh. Bnt in vain did Eugenius appeal to the fathers at Basle. They had no intention of extricating themselves graoefullyfrom the false position which they had taken np. In Session XXXI., January 20, 1437, and before reoeiving the Pope's last message, they had passed several additional decrees for " reforming the Chnrch in its head and in its members." One of these was that in fnture all appeals should be heard and settled on r the spot where causes had been heard, and no longer sent to Rome, except the cause had been tried very near that city. This and several other diecrees were direotly subversive of the existing papal system, and of the papal authority, and were only brulum fulmen. It was now that the Cardinal Cesarini, who had remained at Basle, as already stated, np to this Session, and who was a ,t*ne and faithful friend,, though a candid and outspoken adviser, of the-Holy l Father, being nnable to prevent the passing of such decrees, withdrew from Basle, and betook him, with a moiety ofthabishons, to Ferrara, Freed from all restraint, c t B THB OOHaniABTOux passed a decree suspending Pope Eogenins rom all pontifical powers, dignities, prerogatives, and benefices; declared the papal t t I d t mittee of 11 bishops, 7 abbots, and 14 other theologians, to select a candidate whom they should ohoose as the new Pope; thus on a !f ale mimicing theaotion of the Council of Constanoe, and reviving the disastrous and wretched schism which had been healed only 20 years before. At this period there were only 11 bishops and 1 cardinal at Basle, and the Council very well knew that only cardinals conld elect a Pope, and that it required the votes of two-thirds of theSaored College to constitute a canonical election. Disdaining rule, law, and precedent, the 'Counnil" at Basle decreed that these 11 bishops, 7 abbots, and 14 dootors of oanon law should proceed as cardinals, and go into conclave, select a candidate, and name him Pope. Accordingly, on November 6, 1439, this incompetent committee of 32 members of the Council, by 26 votes to 6, elected Amadeus VIII., er-Duke of Savoy, to be the new disturber, intruder, and anti-Pope, the Council meantime passing a decree that this mode of election should not be followed as a precedent. Such was the response to the message of Eugenius entreating them to oome to Ferrara for the truly Christian purpose of healing, or helping to heal, the longstanding sohism which divided the CathoUcs of the East from the Catholics of the West. Instead of hastening to assist the Pope in his glorious and oharitable work of healing an old wound, they applied themselves energetically to inflict a fresh scar. Amadeus op SAVOY had been reputed one of the wisest and best sovereigns in Europe. His code of laws, alled The Statutes of Savoy, were aplauded as the perfection of legislative bility. But, in the zenith of his popularity, . — e resolved to „„ retire from Hum the uie cores cares 01 of govern- | ent, and lead a life of elegant and studious I epose fiTinSfi at fl,f Ripaglia 7?,innolio f~Ir» [in French, T>: Ripaille], *ii _~1 a i elightful hermitage, or monastic edifice, paraking also a little of the aspect of a castle, n company with several Piedmontese noble- men of tasteB similar to his own. His retreat was situated in an extensive park, on the border of the Lake of Geneva. This park was stocked with all kinds of game, which he hunted for his recreation, spending his days Under a well-regulated diversity of reading, music, writing, and conversation. He wore a long monastic gown, with a golden cross on his breast, but was not bound by any vows. In this peaceful abode he also found leisure, as historians say, to institute the military Order of St. Maurice. He had resigned Savoy to his son Louis, and the Duchy of Geneva to his Bon Philip, by both of whom he appears to have been loved and respected. He had lived five years in this "hermit" retreat, when, about the '20th of November, 1439, his park was invaded by a oavalcade of 22 daputies from Basle to request his acceptance of the tiara, to which they had devoted his honoured head. The duke's friends demurred at first to their request that they might be admitted to his presence. But, gaining the desired interview, they offered iiim what they had no power to bestow, and he consented to accept the offer, and the Church of <Jod was thus afflicted with another usurper. However, the deed was done respectably. His two sons, the young dukes, and a cortlgc of 300 gentlemen on horseback, accompanied him to Thounon in, the Chablais, where, on June 24, 1440, he was saluted in the church as Pope; and on July 24 he was ordained, consecrated, and crowned as Felix V., the tiara made for the occasion costing 30,000 gold orowns, so the historians say. He then proceeded to Basle to preside, as false Pope, over Scbismatical Council. So yoH see, O esteemed reader, how the rich and the royal ones of this world are backed •up by the rich and by the dependent in any enterprise they take in hand. The papacy, no more than a heretical den of spiritual reformation thieves, cannot be upheld without money, and to support this false Pope, who was no more a-Pope than your greatgrandmother, O esteemed reader, the Conciliabulum at Basle voted Felix V., ex-Duke of Savoy, and sham Pope, every 5th penny out of all churoh benefices, whether regular or secular. And these were the same gentlemen who, some weeks or months before, had abolished the Pope's annates as a grievance. Having got their pseudo Pope, the confirmation of pseudo decrees would come next. So long as it was an Ecumenical Council it confined its exploits to mere discipline, fees, nepotisms, and so forth. But the devil seldom letB any evil-doer stop when he wants to stop. As a matter of course the Basle sohismatics advanced to doctrine, and they decreed that General Councils had, by divine right, authority over Popes and all persons hat Popes could not dissolve or transfer any General Conneil without that Council's conent ; and that all were to be held as heretics, who denied the foregoing propositions. So on may see again, 0 esteemed reader, that he stepmother is more exacting and severe han the mother who brings forth. These nd other decrees, as some Protestant hisorians say, were duly transmitted to all the inirs of Europe, ana when Charles VIL of rance received his copy,, he called a synod f French clerics together, and extracted' 8 "artioles" from them, and Jtheae he^pub-^ ished in a document only too well known- as ; ; The Pjuaitmo Sixmos, hich dooument, some -250 years after, beame the basis on whioh'it' was attempted • o constrnot the so- called Gallioan Ohurch. at while ihe factious theologians at Basle ere setting np theex-dnke sa rival Potttiff ; o Eugenius, theGteekbishops had chosen ' welve of their number to confer with twatye talian bishops "on the points of doctrinal ifference which were alleged as the cause bf: * heir separation^ These conferences son- tinned daring XXX Sessions, when the plagne broke ont at Ferrara, and the Pope entered into communication with the Government of |,Florenoe1 with the -view of removing the Counoil to that city. The Florentines were rejoiced to have the Sessions held among them, and contributed 40,000 Florentine crowns towards the expenses of the transfer. The Emperor Johu also received [as some historians say] 30,060 gold crowns towards the defence of Constantinople, to compensate his majesty for the cost of the voyage to Italy. In January, 1439, Eugenius made his publie entry into Florence amidst great demonstrations of joy, and presided in person at the opening of the Conn oil there. The Greeks at length came to an understanding with the Latins on ihe doctrine of the Filioque, or the Proccssion of the Holy Ghost from the Father and the Son. Then they agreed, after many explanations, on the doctrine of purgatory. The Greeks also readily admitted the supremacy of St. _ Peter and of his successors over the Universal Church, and the Roman Pontiff as tho Vicar of Christ. Finally, on July 6, all the Greek prelates, except Mark, Bishop of EphesuB, concurred in the Roman creed, and Bessarion, Archbishop of Nicca (where, 1100 years before, the first General Conneil was held), Bang the Nicene Creed in Latin, while Cardinal Cesarini sang it in Greek, and in a full assembly, beyond all doubt held conciliariter, in the trucmanner of a Council, canonically summoned, and legitimately presided over, tho great and good and gracious object was accomplished ; the too long prevailing Eastern schiem-war was ended ; pcace on earth proclaimed between the divided brethren ; and for the time being all Chris- > i™ ™ wme ueing an unnstian me n > ^th one mind and one mouth, sang glory flflnw to frt God in the highest. l , : t i tWould' — u 'v that . peace had never again been broken. That peace, however, once more practically proved that there was nothing but misconception to prevent the Eastern and Western Catho- lics from maintaining the most perfect ecclesiastical communion. Bessarion, was oreated a cardinal, and had very nearly been chosen Pope on the death of Eugenios' IV. Isidore, Archbishop of Kiou, metropolitan of all Russia, was also made a cardinal, bat died at Florence before the decree of reconciliation was published. He was a true-hearted Catholic, holding all Catholic dogmas, and a few hours before his death he drew up,and signed a paper in which he declared his full belief in the snpremaoyof the RomAn Pontiff. He and Bessarion were both sincerly desirona of complete union with the See of Ronie aa the centre of Christian unity. The great Work effected, the Greeks prepared to return to Constantinople, and sailed on October 10, 1440, reaching home in safety Feb/ 1, 1441\. The Counoil continued to sit, at Florence until April 6, 1442, when it was prorogued and transferred to Rome, the Holy Father having the happiness to receive the Armenians as well as the Greeks to the kiss of peace and communion of saints, they having sent ambassadors to the Council to seek this blessing. The Pope also admitted the Abyssinians to Church fellowship, as their king, Zara James, sometimes called Prester John, had also sent ambassadors to inform the Pope that he and his people adhered to the Nicene faith. Thb Finals of Basib. Meantime the impostor anti-Pope at Basle had been creating spurious cardinals, ^nd playing his schismatical part over Switzerland and Savoy, supported to some extent by his sons, the Dukes of Savoy and Geneva, thoagh more through filial affection than faith in'his Papal authority. But hie footing was on sand, and it soon began to slip from beneath him. First came the Black plague, and the cabalfled away to Lausanne, leaving several of ;their accomplices behind them in the Basle cemetery. After some time, the Pope recognised the claims of Alphoneo, King of Aragon, to the Crown of Naples, and Alphonso at once came round to the Pope's side, and directed all Spanish bishops to return to their dioceBes. This was a severe blow to the Conciliabulum, and then explanations followed between Charles VII. of France and Eugenius, and the mutineers at Basle were further weakened. After this the Emperor Albert of Austria died, and the new Emperor, Frederick, and many German princes ceased to nphold the anti- Pope'scause, and when the Pope died, in 1447, Frederick, as emperor, issued a proclamation to all who owed him allegiance commanding them to acknowledge no one as Pope but Nicolas V., the new Supreme Pontiff. Dnke Louis now| advised his father to reeign -'his "pontificate,"'and, by the duke's exertions, an assembly was held at Lyons, at which the mbassadors of France, England, Germany Savoy, and of the anti-Pope, attended, where t was arranged that Felix should send in his ubmission to. Pope Nioolas. Hie aat of submission was marie on April 9, 1449, and the last and most foolish-of he schisms, r -which have chilled and pained he heart of the Catholic Church, Jwaa xtinguished. Some historians say that the heologians who - met at Lausanne on &ia; th day ; of • April 1 Went through fiw^^y and nttefly: snpeJAbons form of deotlng icolas 7 T-y who* tad Already been iwmfaicaUy 'eledtW ^!f Pdbe; otti Arts tioitttig^ho lleglahoe of all pkrOeiB iii oiie aiid'ebe.same hieff-pastor. ? vSticharei aome Of thVpruttfeal events,connected %ith»%he XVH«h General Council, first opened at Basle, transferred 4* FerrWa/removedtoFlorenoe, andoonclnded tBotne.'WcoliuV. hrough al} the&ozuiensiMl; rMolntioupaited afc Basle, and consigneii thsm to "«'VtalM of palnle8BAcm-ccristenoe^V : :jThi9wen notUaereee, Jrat only iittezsnoes of diaoUediMmu and they have gone downl&to; the depiiWflC cbntempt*nd mriiviau ' ..T. Ootober4,1881. : 