THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION*. OUP. ItlGHTS, AND OUS RBSOUMCa. SANDHURST, FRIDAY, DEC. S, 1S81 THE PROROGATION. Pabliament, then, is to return for once to the good old practice of rising for the recess at Christmas. So much the better, perhaps; for those long-drawn-out sessions to which we have lately been accustomed weary the people and cause them to grow disgusted with the legislature, and indiilerent to questions of great political importance. The with drawal of the Land Bill, however, will be distasteful to some, and certainly very un satisfactory to those who are interes ted in the early disposal of the Mallee lands, unless the advice given the Ministry to proceed with that important part of their measure bo accepted. For the rest of it, we really think the delay in its con sideration will bo beneficial, because there are points in dispute which cannot be de;\Jt with lightly, but should be well thought over and deliberately discussed. It is not a matter for unmixed regret, therefore, that the majority in the Cabinet should havo de cided against the Premier's proposal to pro ceed with the bill straightway. Had a different determination been arrived at, the prorogation could not have taken place before the new year had made considerable advancement in the days of its infancy. As it is, the Assembly will havo its hands quite full during the few remaining days of the session, and the fingers of lion, members of the Council will bo kept busy enough. The Opposition did not relish tho an nouwjement made by Sir Bryan O'Loglilen on tho suDjOpt. Major Smith was the first to express disconuM1'1, " The attitude the Premier had taken Up/' he said " was the: most remarkable one lie liau ^ver seen taken up in the House." But surely Major Smith's memory must be failing him, or it must bo naturally short; for what was tho attitude taken by his own Government in December, 1S80 i Mr. Berry then proposed to go into recess, although tho Reform question was un settled, and was greatly irritated when pressed to abandon his design, Major Smith, as chief henchman, itBing his cudgel stoutly in support of his leader. But "let that flea stick to tho wall." The Major was indignant and threatened hostilities, declaring in effect that shortly tho song of Govern ment would be something after tho strain of " the peace of the valley is fled." Well, although Major Smith asserts to tho contrary, the present Government need notweepover "thecalm ofitsoncoliappy hours," for it has had to stand on the de fensive repeatedly during the session, and to gird up its loins to repel vexatious attacks. Wo do not believe it will find itself involved in one whit more of turmoil by adopting the course it has resolved upon taking than it would do if it were to suffer itself to be bounced into abandoning it. Major Smith announced that members on Lis side would confer for the purpose of seeing whether weight could not be brought to bear in order to drive tho Premier from his present position. Now, everyone must allow that there was much truth in Mr, Wrixon's contention, " that no .Government can parry oh tho business properly unless it is allowed ti mo to mature itameasur.es.'" Legislation gravitates to a muddlo when the House is, "as it were," in perpetual Bession; and ii is far better that important measures, which wore necessarily hurriedly pre pared, should be delayed than that they should be hastily, and probably excitedly debated, and either too precipitately dis posed of, or indefinitely hung up to the dis gust and disappointment of the country. Without any question, however, it is highly desirable that both the Land Bill and the Railway Construction Bill should receive early attention ; but after all, no irreparable harm will bo done by tho pro posed postponement until April or May. On the contrary, as tho House is evidently in disposed to sit after Christ-mas, and these : measures could not bo finally disposed of unless it did, and as enforced labor is never satisfactorily performed, it will bo to the advantage of the people that lion, members should come fresh and cool from a fair period of rest and relaxation to their con sideration. There will bo only one thing to greatly regret, and that is that the wild dog and rabbit evil will also have a recess in which to increase and multiply, unless the vexed Mallee question can be settled before the prorogation, so as to admit of the imme diate settlement and improvement of the wretched wilderness of scrub to the North West. PARLIAMENT.-Again good progress was made in the Assembly. Shortly after the House assembled last evening, Mr. Duffy presented a petition from Seymour (tho second) praying for the construction of a railway lino from Sand hurst to Seymour, via Heathcote. Mr. Quick received on auswer from Mr. Burrowes that, if time permitted, tho Engine-drivers'Eight Hours' Bill would be dealt with this session, The House next went into committeo on tho Esti mates, and passed the votes for the judges, military ? defences, and various others. The item £310,000 subsidies to municipalities was postponed for the present. The Residence Areas Bill was next taken up, read a second time, and our correspondent at a late hour left the .House debating the measure in commi ttee. COUNTY COURT JUDGES.-Mr. Quick in the Assembly last evening, when the vote for judges of County Courts, Courts of Mines, and Insolvency was moved, referred at considerable length to the insufficiency of the present staff of judges, particularly instancing the case of Sand hurst. Mr. Mason also drew attention to the advisability of appointing more police magis trates. Mr. R. Clark forcibly supported Mr. Quick's contention, and in replying Sir Bryan O'Loghleu said that personally he was in favor of increasing the number of judges, but Parlia ment seemed to be averse to increasing tho public expenditure. He would, however, see if the districts could not be better apportioned, for tho Sandhurst County Court district was, he admitted, evidently too large. After some further discussion the vote was agreed so. MR. A. T. CLARK AND ROYALTY.-Mr. A. T. Clark, tho member for Williamstown, had he lived three hundred years ago would probably have been a Royalist. But in our time he certainly is not; iudeed he goes out.of his way to show us that he is a thorough Radical. A trifling incident occurred in tho Assembly last night, but navertheless sufficient to bring out Mr. Clark and his hobby. It wasduringthediscussion on the defeuces vote, Sir Bryan O'Loghleu stopped business to move that Sir George Strachan, tho now Governor of Tasmania, who was then in tho Speaker's gallery, should be accommodated with a chair on the floor of the House, Such a motion is a mere formality, hut it brought Mr. Clark to his feet. Ho asked whether it was not a matter of privilege that the Crown had not been admitted to tho House of Commons since the time of Charles I. Tho Speaker replied that the question of privilege did not arise. "It is not," said Mr. Lalor, " the Crown, but Sir George Strachan." Mr. Clark remained silent. NORTH WESTERN PROVINCE ELECTION. - A meeting of electors favorable to the return of Mr. \V. E. Stanbridge will be held to-day at one o'clock, at tho City Family Hutel. The business will be the organisation of a committee, eto. _ THE PITIABLE CASE.-We have received the sum of £1 15s. 6d. from Mrs. J. F. Alexander, of the Royal Hotel. This amount was kindly collected by Mrs. Alexander on the suggestion of some geutlemeu. From "A Friend" we are in receipt of £1, also of £1 Is, from 41 A Dis satisfied contributor to the Benevolent Asylum," whose letter was published in yesterday's issue. THE GEELONU ELECTION.-As anticipated, Mr. Cunningham has had a walkover for the vacant seat, consequent on the death of Mr lv. De Bruce Johnstone. Yesterday was nomina tion day, and his deposit was the only one re ceived. At the last moment Mr. Charles Andrew positively refused to stand. THE MARONO Simu: SECRETARY.-Rumors regarding the affairs of Mr. G. P. Marrack, the missiug secretary of the Marong Shire, are still being spread, the most paiuful yesterday being that his dead body had been found iu tho river Yarra, whiuh is totally unfounded. As yet his whereabouts is unknown. It is now suggested that ou Friday last ho sailed in tho Rodoudo for Svdney. Further attempts were yesterday morning made to opeu the safe by means of skeleton and other keys, but without success. The shire solicitor was then consulted, and it was decided to open the safe by force without delay. For that purpose it was yester day afternoon conveyed to Mr. Rea, lock smith, M'Crae-street. Last evening, in the presenoo of the president of the shire, (Mr. Sterry), and Mr. Neeson (shire auditor), the safe was burst open, and the books and documents required were discovered. These were then handed over to Mr. Neeson. The auditors will now be able to complete their work. Since the matter was made public, it has been ascertained how suspicion was first aroused. For eomo time it was the practice of Mr. Marrack, when pay ing them, to ask tho shire contractors to sign a duplicate voucher. When the voucher was made' out (by Mr. Marrack) for a certain amount,. space wan left so that an additional figure or figures could be inserted, and also in the cheques. After they were pasaed and signed by ihe councillors it appears that Mr. Marrack filled in whatever amount he chose, and instead of pay ing contractors by cheque they were paid by caBh. It is known that where one voucher was for 12s. Od. an additional £2 was inserted, thus making the cheque £2 12s. Od, He also drew cheques for day labor, and in eaoh thD amounts exceeded the proper sum. Reference to the engineer's book, wherein every amount that should be on the voucher is marked down, will show the extent of the defalcations. . It is stated that Mr. Msrrack took two of tho coun cillors into his confidence, and told thehl ?? or two ago bow he stood. He besought them to shield him, and promised to refund what he had takeu. On being questioned as to what amount he had misappropriated, Mr. Marrack replied, "Between £200 and £300, assuming you do not go behind this financial year." From this remark it is surmised that he had made use of the shire's moneys for years past. The next step after tho further auditing of the books will probably he the issuing of a wairant for his '^UNLOCKED CARRIAGE DOORS.-Yesterday the experiment of running the trains_ on the main lines of the Victorian railways with unlocked carriage doors was tried for the first time. Yesterday afternoon the passenger train, which arrives at Sandhurst shortly after four o clock, instead of stopping at tho usual arrival platform, ran on to what is known as the departuro plat form, where tho passengers let themselves out, and their tickets were checked by tho porters at the gates of the barrier. Both the 8 p.m. and late passenger trains last night were also taken ' T the latter platform. The trains which frtp ^"huca and Inglewood last evening S S iS» a.»r. It would be premature to form i» opinion M to the practicability of tho new arrangement, too ideas of the railway officials on the subJeC.' being divided. Tho system is to be given a fair trial before it will be finally adopted, and should the department ulti mately decide on its continuance, many alterations will have to be made on the plat forms of tho various railway stations, so that tickets oan bo checked after the passengers leave the carriages, In the temporary adoption of this new arrangement, the department haye found it necessary (presumably so) to alter the time of arrival of the last passenger train at Sandhurst, so that the train is not now due until seven minntes later than before. It has been repeatedly urged upon tho department that tho time of arrival of this train was, by fully a quarter of an hour, later than it might ueces sarily bo, and now the cause of complaint will be still greater. When tho train is late, as it must necessarily bo on some occasions, passengers will arrive in Sandhurst in time to find the hotelB closed, perhaps the street lamps ex tinguished. Accommodation will not be readily found by a stranger in the town on snob an occasion. THEIR " OWN CABLEGRAMS. -Tho existence of three evening papers in the metropolis leads to unwonted rivalry, and one of tbo sensations intended to catch the gentle public are announce ments ostentatiously paraded that the evening journals would have cablegrams of latest English news from their " own " correspondents, .Both the evening Htrald and the World, however, seem to have got .bold of the same cor respondent in London;" or joined in a mutual telegraph company, or, T?hat seems the case, the Age special telegrams aro being retailed to them by tho wholesale telegram importers-the Age proprietors. To add to this a crood deal of the " special telegrams _ appearing seem very familiar reading, and portions are not unlike what'has already appeared m Heater is to be commended, but if tho gentle public ever happen to discover thut they are being served with a dish of rehashed telegrams as the "very latest," their faith in "own*Bpecial cablegrams " will bo materially diminished. . A NARROW ESCAPE.-Yesterday forenoon a man in charge of a horse and dray, while in tho vicinity of Bridgo-street, had a narrow escape from a sovere accident, The man was sitting in the dray, to which a stripper was attached, The hoesen were frightened at a passing object, npd started off at a rapid pace. Tho man, in his endeavours to pull up the horses, was jurked out into tho road before many yards had been traversed; but fortunately he received no injuries of a serious nature. The horseB con tinued to gallop furiously along Bridge-street until near the hospital, whero they were stopped. Having steered a clear course no injury was dono to either tho dray or tho stripper attached behind, which ia surprising considering the rapid rate the agricultural implement was dragged over tho grouud, and jolted from side to side. CAUCUS OK TUB Orrosrriox.-Our Melbonrno correspondent writes: -" Major Smith, in Ilia speech on Wednesday night, on the subject of tile Ministerial statement relative to the post ponement of the Laud and Railway Bills, in timated that he was disposed to consult the members sitting on his own side of the House on the subject, and I now hear that tho consulta tion thus hinted at will take place at a canons meeting of the Opposition, to be held on Tuesday next. On that occasion, the whole political situation will, no doubt, ho discussed at some length ; and it is said that one of tho principal ohjeots of the meeting is to bring about, if pos sible, a greater, degree of discipline in tho rauka of the supporters of the late Government than has manifested itself for some little time past. It seems, however, that while, on the one hand, tho leaders of tho party complain of a want of I diseiptiuo amongst their followers, the latter, on ! the qther hand, consider that this state of tilings has to a great extent been caused by the apathy of those leaders themselves. MOUNT BROWNE.- Somo faith as to the per manency of tho Mount Browne goldfield ia still practically entertained in the colony. Ou Wednesday a party of eight men, with eight drays and nineteen horses, passed through Sandhurst en route for Mount Browne. The cavalcade, which travelled through Pali Mall, attracted 110 little attention. The drays ap peared to have been just turned out of the wheel Wright's shop, in fact everything in con nection with tho expedition was perfectly new. This party was organised in Melbourne, and the turn-out must have cost a considerable sum of money. DROWNING OF A CHILD.-Mr. Strickland yesterday held au inquest at Devonshire Gully, Eaglehawk, on tho body of a child, lidith All Quin, aged two years, found drowned in a waterhole at Devonshire Gully on Wednesday evening. The mother deposed that about four o'clock 011 Wednesday afternoon she went into a neighbor's house, and on looking out about live minutes afterwards she saw the child [ struggling in a small waterhole. The mother's screams attracted a neighbor, who pulled the i child out. She was then alive, and Dr. Thorn was sent for. The doctor, however, refused to attend until paid for his services. Ten shillincs were then sent to tho doctor, who then arrived. It was about three hours after the accident. He pronouucedlife extinct. The hole contained about three feet of water. The Chinaman who was sent for Dr. Thorn, deposed that he told the doctor that the little girl had fallen into the dam, but he refused to go unless paid. Dr. Thorn stated that when the messeuqer camo on him, ho used su:h indifferent English that ho could not understand him. The dootor did not think tho case au urgent one. The reason ho refused to go without the fee was because he had previously been disappointed. On examining the child lie found that life had go 110 about two hours previous to his arrival. Death was caused by asphyxia from drowning. The doctor informed tho Coroner that never bofore in his professional experience bad he refused to attend a case of emergency, and had a proper messenger been sent, making the case clear, I10 would not have hesitated for a moment. He was, however, of opinion that had he arrived when first summoned his medical skill would have been of no avail. James Ah Poo, interpreter, deposed that Ah Moo, the messenger, spoke very bad English, and would bo difficult to understand clearly. Ho was of opinion Ah Moo could not make himself iutelligible to tho doctor. The jury then returned a verdict of accidental death. PROBATE AND ADMINISTRATION. - In the Equity Court, yesterday, probate was granted to the wills of the following deceased persons; George Honry Brown, £2,494; William Edwards, £537 ; John Halpin. £1,700; Joseph Hines, £4.050 ; Martha Steel, £105,190 ; Robert Simpson, £G7G, Alfred Feast, £510; Elizabeth Ogden, £1,150. Administration was granted to the estates of the following deceased persons; Peter McDougall, £2,200, William Pearce, L610; Cornelius Frederick Tucker, £1.500; George Thomson, £2,992 ; John Austin, £4 394; Lewis Asher Hart, £2,075. The Registrar granted probate to the wills of the lata Michael M'Cormick, £135: Thomas Henderson, £1G5 ; Eli Chew, £375 ; Simon Williams, £4G9 ; Jonas New, £139; Joseph Armstrong Angus, £300; Mary Davies, £190 ; James Pengelly, £150; Ellen Dagger, £100; William Smith, £251 ; Magdalena Wilson, £289. And administration to the estates of the late Margaret M'Farlane, £50 ; AngUB Morrison, £25S; -Ann Caroline Suiiderman, £118; William M'ltay,: £150; Grace Silberberg, £15; John Brown, £120; Charles M'Rae, £450; Donald M'Lean, £445. DEUTSCHBR VEREiy.-The quarterly meeting of the Beudigo Deutcher Verein was held last evening, ijt thp lodge room, Black Swan Hotel, A highly satisfactory balance-sheet was sub mitted, showing the aeuinulatcd funds to be £9S7 5s. 10d., and the total assets £1,402. Tho library was stated to contain 3,040 volumes, a number of now works haying been added during the quarter. The following committee were elected :-President, H. C. Weibgen; viae-presi dent, J. Kahland; treasurer and librarian, J. Klunder; secretary, C. O. Bruhn; assistant secre tary, G. Nagel; members of mining committee, Messrs. Max, Junck, Kraemer, and Ebersohn. MINING ACCIDENT AT CASTLEMAINE.-A man named William Teague met with a sovere accident yesterday morning at the Eureka claim. He was descending tho shaft by the upright ladder, when his foot slipping he was precipi tated to the bottom, a depth of between 70 and 80 feet. He escaped with a fraoture of the right arm between tho wrist and elbow, also a deep out on the forehead, about two inohes in length, besideB various contusions on different parts of his body. Ho was taken to the hospital, and the Representative states is progressing favorably, A CROSS INSPECTOR.-The inspecting of State schools is not usually regarded as an exciting pursuit. However, remarks the Herald, a time arrived when the school in which Mrs. Hall, of Ravenawood, ministered, had to undergo its an nual inspection. To it camo the district inspec* for. flurried and lunchless. Entering the school, and abruptly commeucing his examinations, ho hurried tho nervous schoolmistress, and worse than all ordered her about. The schoolmistress promptly reported him, charging him with the grievous offences of being excited, cross, and rude. In coiiBequenoe, the Senior-Inspector Mr. T. Brodribb, was compelled to visit the school, examine into the accusations, aud report. At that stage, tho complainant admitted that she did not intend to charge the inspector with being intoxicated, but certainly considered hirrj un gentlemanly in his manners, The senior-inspeo tor reported that tho evidence he obtained was insufficient to sustain even these charges. PRESENTATION TO MR. A. M. SMITH.-There iB at present on view in the window of the Beehive clothing establishment,' Pall Mall, an illuminated address for presentation to Mr. Alfred Mica Smith, on his severing hia connec tion with the Sandhurst School of Mines. The address is from the students of the metallurgical class, of which Mr. Smith waa the teacher, and is signed by the students, Tho address was illuminated by Mr. J, Birfcwistle, and is a nicely executed piece of work. To PUBLICANS.-Tho Sandhurst Town-clerk elsewhere announces that, to procure a renewal of their licenses, publicanB are required to leave their aid licenses with the clerk of petty sessions on or before the 16th instant. The Sandhurst Licensing Bench will sit on tho 23rd instant, nt ten o'clock. A DESERVING CLUB-Since the formation of the now well known "S.E.S." amateur minstrel club a number of persons in needy circumstances have been relieved by tho generosity of the members in giving their services for am3tenr performances. On every occasion of tho kiud the theatre was crowded to excess, and, altogether, over £1,200 waa re ceived. Out of that amount nearly £1,000 has been paid to widows and others. The club, being now in want of additional dresses, etc., for their wardrobe, havo decided to give an entertainment on the 21st inafc, in the Royal Princess Theatre, in order to raise the neceasary funds. Already the programme ia in aotive re hearsal. NEW BOATS.-The Sandhurst Rowing Club has displayed great activity this season, and, being in a healthy finaucial position, they deter mined upon securing additional boats for plea sure and racing purposes. Accordingly, four boats were ordered from Mr. Edwards, of Mel bourne, to be built in accordance with instruc tions. Three of tbem have already arrived, viz., two scullers, with aliding-seats, Bteering apparatus, and all improvements ; also, a plea sure- boat. They are splendidly constructed, and give the club every satisfaction. The fourth and principal boat is r. raoing four-oared gig, which is Bi.iU-in conrao of construction, and which will be a very nilo TJJUPEUANCE MEETING AT GOLBES- SQ!7^.rf" A public temperance meeting was held in the Wesley ah School-room, Golden- square," last night, under the anspieea of the Sandhurst sab district. There was a very fair attendance, Mr. J# G> Stanfield presided. Speeches jq advocacy of tbo temperanco aause were delivered by the chairman, Messrs. Perry (Saudhurst), Yates (Kaugaroo-flat), Green (Golden square), and others, all being listened to with grent attention, The prooeedinga were enlivened with selections by the temperance choir. THE GRAND CANAL SCHEME.-Referring to a remark in our leading article of Thursday, Mr. M 'Cull denies that he has ever taken the oredit of being the projector cf the North-Western Canal scheme, but as always announced it aa Dod's sohemo, in proof of which he directs attention to the monster colored map in the great hall of Parliament, on which there is the follow in:; emblazonment :-"View of Victoria, with Dod's National project of Canalization for irri gation and traffic. Exhibited by Hugh M'Coll, M.L.A." The map was shown at the Great Exhibition. That's all right then. Still in veterate detractors of the scheme will say " M'Coll or Dod's, it makes no odds." SANDIIUHST AND THE GRAND NATIONAL SHOW.-The Hon. R. Clark waited upon the Minister of Agriculture yesterday morning to again urgo the claims of Sandhurst for the National Show next year. The Minister said it was too soon to make aiiy promise, and that the show had been held at Sandhurst sinco it was at Smeaton. Mr. Clark replied that the reasou they were so anxious to get the promiso now was that the society proposed making considerable improvements on the ground which would take several months to complete; indeed it would take nil the time they had to got properly prepared. With reference to tho show being held at Sandhurst since it was held at Smeaton, Mr. Clark pointed out that Clunes and Smeatou were both in the Creswick district, and that as Clunes had tho show there only recently, Sand hurst was fairly entitled to it. Mr. Young appeared fairly satisfied with this view, but said he could not give a definite promise. THE LYCEUM MUTUAL STORE COMPANY.-At the meeting of directors of this co- operative company on Tuesday last, Mr. E. D. Lauo was appointed geueral manager. Tho new manager is well known on Bendigo, and ia exceedingly popular. For seven years he was connected with tho firm of Francis Bros., and forfouryears was manager in tho retail business of Messrs. Moore Bros. Of his thorough competency for the onerous position of manager of the Lyceum Mutual Store Company there cau be no doubt, and the company are to be congratulated on having secured hia services. NEW Win;AT.-The local produce market which has been very dull during the past few months, will now begin to be more animated consequent on this season's wheat being now about to pour in; Yesterday tho lirst load came in from Durham Ox. The sample, which was grown by a Mr. Croath, waa of good quality, being perfectly dry and fit for immediate milling purposes. Mr. Boobier secured tho load (fifteen bags) at 4s. 9<1\. per bushel, being only one peHny less than what is now offering for prime old wheat. The wheat from the district named, it is thought, will bo generally of good quality this season, but the average yield is not expected to ho as large as last year. Stripping is at the pre sent timebeiug actively carried on in the localities of Durham Ox, Pyramid Hill, the Terricks, aud indeed over all tho North-Western district, and before long the roads leading to Sandhurst will be alive with teamsters carrying wheat. Last year the first wheat arrived about a week sooner than this year. THE MADAME BERRY INJUNCTION.-Our Mel bourne correspondent writes :-Iu tho case of M'ICenzie v. tho Madamo Berry Company, Mr, Box informed the Banco Judges to-day (Thurs day), that the defendants were prepared to open the three springs which the plaintiff complained had been injured by the company's mining operations, to clear thoin out, and mako the ueeessary diversion o£ tho stream. As this would bo done at the defendants' expense, ho would aak that the plaintiff should pay the costs of the rule. Mr. Hodges, ou the other side, said that perhaps the fairest way would be to make the costs costs iu the causo. The court dis charged the rule, and ordered that each sido should pay their own costs. OPENING OF A MUNICIPAL SAFE.-A very unusual proceeding had to be resorted to yesterday evening iu connection with the in quiry which is being instituted by the Marong Shire Council iu respect to the affairs of their secretary. As he has been away for some time, and as the keys of the iron safe, containing books and documents, were not forthcoming, tho auditors were unable to proceed with their work. The result was that a notico was served at the secretary's residenoe demanding the keys, and a summons returnable for to-day was issued against him for their detention. As, however, certain facts in the meantime trans pired, it was decided by the council that the safe should bo forcibly opened. With this ob ject in view the safe was last night removed from tho Kangaroo Flat office to the establish ment of Mr. Ilea, gun aud lock smith, of M'Crao-street, Sandhurst. The task of open ing it was not found tho easy matter anticipa ted. Mr. D. C. Sterry, the president of the shire, and theohire auditor, Mr. J. Neeson, were present. The safe, one of Miluer's best, is a large ouo. After examining it forsome time, it wasde cided by Mr. Rea that tho door should bo pierced ilea' where he believed tho loekplate was situated, aud accordingly a square hole, about 4 inches by 2.inches was cut through tbo outer plate. This difficult task having been accomplished, tho plate of the look was exposed, but all efforts to move it failed. It was then decided that the rivets scouring it to tho outer plate should be punched out, and this proved anything but easy. In tho first placo the rivets were placed irre gularly (no doubt designedly), and were planed level with the outer surface of tho door. This nude it a very difficult matter to tiud them, and when found it was a hard task to punch them through. Perseverance was, however, rewarded, aud the books and papers wanted were eventually released from their prison, being handed over to Mr. Neeson. Mr. I^ea states that it is impossi ble to pick the lock of one of these safes. Tho safe can easily lie repaired. THE ANNUAL FIRE BRIGADES' DEMONSTRA TION.-The Herald learns that, owing to the representations of tho St. Patrick's Society, the Fire Brigades' Committeo have courteously decided to abandon their intention of holding their demonstration on St. Patrick's Day next year, and will hold it as usual on the 24th May. THE ALEXANDRA FOUNTAIN.-Tho Alexandra Fountain is slowly approaching completion. For some wooks past the sides of the basement facing High-street and Mitohell-strect were hidden by soreenB, behind which artisans were working inscribing the tablets decided upon by the council, having rnferenco to the erection and opening of tbo fountain. This work has now been finished and the Bcreens removed. Tho inscriptions are neatly oarved in granite, tho sunken letters being giltj which makes them show out in bold relief against the dark color of the stone. Tho inscription facing High-street reads as follows:-"Erected in 1881 with the funds received from tho Sandhurst Juvenile Industrial Exhibition of 1878, and a donation by Geo. Lansell, Esq., supplemented by a grant from the City Council. P. Hayes (mayor), Crs. J. Holmes, R. Clark, A. Bayne, D. C. Sterry, W. G. Jackson, It. Burrowes, A. Harkness, and A. Bailes. W. D. C. Denovan, town clerk. W. C. Vahland, architect." The inscription facing Mitchell-street is as follows:-"Opened on the 5th July, 1881, by His Royal Highness Prince Albert Edward Victor of Wales and named 'Alexandra' in the presence ot Prince George of Wales, his Excellency the Marquis of Normanby. Governor of Victoria, Lord Chas. Soott, and officers of the detached squadron, and 25.000 people." The portion of the road way immediately surrounding the basin of the fountain has been kerbed in aud the footway there is now ready for asphalting. THE BENDIOO ROWING CLUB.-A special meeting of the Bendigo Rowing Club will bo held this evening, at tho Black Swan Hotel, commencing at half-past 7 o'clock. The business will bo to consider the advisability of altering rule 2. The club is making every effort to im prove their position, and are causjng their boats to be put in first-class order, a man naving been specially engaged for the purpose from Mel bourne. HUNTLY LICENSING BENCH.-Messrs. Webster, P.M., and Clav, J.P., presided an the bench yesterday. The following applications for pub- licans' licenses were granted:-H. H. Sample, Camp Hotel, Huntly; T. Paynter, Ascot Hotel; M. Slattery, Ellesmere Hotel, Ellesmere; T. Pattison, Corner Hotel, Huntly; J. Wilman, Reedy Creek Hotel, Reedy Creek; J. Hampton, Farmers' Arms Hotel, Goornong; W. W. Watts, Victoria Hotel, Huntly; W. D. Jones, Sham rock Hotel, Epsom; Mary Ann Williams, Newport Arms, Epsom; B. Roper, Turf Tavern, Ascot; W. Cain, Sandy Creek Hotel, Sandy Creek; M. Hehir, Huntly and Bagshot Hotel, Huntly; J. Sullivan, Forest Creek Hotel, Mus kerry; J. Douglass, Five Mile Creek Hotel, Five Mile Creek; C. Gooding, Foot's Hotel, Epsom; P. Dillon, Rose Shamrock and Thistle Hotel, Epsom; J. Mahoney, Surrey Hotel, Huntly; E. Hayes, Railway Hotel, Goornong. Billiard-table licenses were also granted to H. H. Sample. M. Hehir, and C. Gooding. CITY COURT.-Messrs. Samuel and Haroonrt, Js.P., attended at the Police Court yesterday, Two drunkards were discharged, and the men Donald M'Lean, alias Roache, and George Jelly, charged with false pretences, were further re manded for a week, bail being allowed in two sureties in £100, and themselves in £100. Ser jeant Webb said that even if Jolly obtained bail, be would be arrested again on a warrant from New South Wales for embezzlement. A case of illegal detention was settled. In the case of Edith Brittel v, Frederick Pearl, leaving his illegitimate child without support, Mr. /Hornbuoklo appeared for the plaintiff, and as the defendant had left the distriot, he applied for a warrant for his arrest; whioh was gran-; ted. gag (g threatened with an eclipse. Dr. i Silvester has offered i»..D nould gas on a new principle. Ho estimates-»« ». conld be supplied at Is per 1,000 feet, still leave a gpod profit, BAKWICK V. DUCHESS OF EDINBURGH Cost PAjjV.-Arguments were concluded yesterday in the Equity suit of Barwick v. the Duchess of Edinburgh Company. His Honor Mr. Joatioe Higinbotham reserved hia decision, intimating that he would give it on Monday. ACCIDENT ON THE KERAXO RAILWAY T.INE. A man named John Faulda, 43 years of age, met with a aorious accident yesterday on that portion of the Keraug Railway line, which is being conatructed near Myers Fiat. He was employed as a navvy, and whilst somo stone was being blasted a pioco of rock whilst flying from the blast struck him on the right leg, breaking the limb. Ho was conveyed to the Bendigo Hospital, where he ia receiving every attention. PII.LAU-BOX.-Mr. Clark waited yesterday upon tlio Deputy Postmaster - General, and asked him, in compliance with a petition, to place a pillar-box at the corner of Smith and Biyno-stroets. Mr. Jackaou said the work should be done. PLATING GHOST.-During the last few nights some mischievous person clad in a sheet has been seen about midnight patrolling the gullies at the back of Lnng Gully near the Kentish claim. Ouc night last week about 12 o'clock, a Sandhurst medical practitioner on his way to attend a patient was surprised at seeing the object walking through the gtillios. Another person who saw it is said to have spoken to it, when the "ghost" threw off the sheet and ran away. Several residents in the neighborhood are expectantly awaiting tho next appearance of the .illy individual who lias taken to this dangerous species of amusement. MONAOHAN'S POPULAR CONCKRTS.-Last even ing the sixth of the above series of concerts took place at tho Masonic Hall, in tho presenco of a large and fashionable audience, the attendance boing greater than on any previous evening. The various selectioua by Monaghau'a Band were performed iu its usual masterly style, the audienco demanding an encore for the "Grand overture, Pique Dame." "The Dance de Con cert, tho Light Guitar," and the linale "Lea Courriers," wero also most excellently rendered. The vocalists last evening were Miss Donnelly, and Mr. E. J, Cordner. Miss Donnelly was very successful in " Maid of Athens," and she sang "Forgot Thee" well also. Mr. Cordner sang "Only for Theo " fairly, but was much more successful in his rendering of " Tho Tar's Farewell." Tho concert throughout was an excellent one. THE WEATHER.-Tne weathor yesterday was very pleasant. A cool breeze blew from the south-west. The night waa clear and fiuo. The thermometer registered at Messrs. Joseph and Co'a., Pall Mall, aa follows:-9 a.m., C'2°; 12 a.m., 79°; 3 p.m., 7S°; G p.m.,CS°; maximum, S2°; minimum, 51°. Barometer-9 a.m., 29a535 0 p.m., 29° IG5. HUNTLY POLICE CODRT.-Messrs. Webster, P.M., Britt, aud Clay, Js.P., sat yesterday. T. Paynter was fined 5s, with £1 9a costs, for having left his horse out of hia control. In the cross caso of Kmma Favaroni v. T. Cummins, for abusive language, the Bench considered both parties to blame, and fined each £1. Several other cases were struck out. DEATH IN'THE HOSPITAL,-An inmato of the Beudigo Hospital named Alfred Harper, 45 years of age, a resident of Briilgowater, admitted 23rd ult., died yesterday from phthisis. MALAPROPOS INTERJECTIONS. - Sometimes (says tile Kyncton Guardian), unintentionally, au iuterjectiou may preseut au awkward turn, and a meaning by no means designed. An instance of this occurred at a late iniuing celebratiou. Whilst the champagne was flowing the chair man of the company proposed the'gontleman who took the main share in floating it in very compli mentary terms. Waxing eloquent he said that there was little or no merit in floating a com pany where there was plenty of gold, but their friend had the credit of being able to float a company where there was no gold at all. " That's the kind of man we want for this dis trict," interjected the miuiug manager with much earnestness. A MAN KILLED BY A CONSTABLE.-On Satur day last, at Yass, Senior-coustable Edmund Murphy arrested a man named Philip Searle, for drunkenness in the town, and while convey ing him to the lock-up, struck him on the head with asmallhammor-headed riding whip, because Searle resisted being arrested, and tried tokieli Murphy. After receiving the blow Searle becamo uncousoious, and remained in that state until Tuesday, when he died. A coroner's inquest was held next day, when evidence was brought forward ts show how the blow had been struck. A comrade of Murphy was tho principal witness. His evidence was most damning, as also was that of some boys who witnessed the affair. He was committed for trial to the next assizes, and bail was allowed, himself in £S0, aud two sureties of £10 each. THE DIVIDED FAMILY.-The proceedings of the Assembly on Wednesday eveniug were enlivened by some interchanges of compliments between members of tho onco happy family which claimed Mr. Berry as its father. "It is (remarks the Aryus) the privilege of members of the late Government, one after the other, to seek an engagement with Mr. Longmore, who has stomach for them all. On Wednesday Mr. A, T. Clark turned his attention to the hou. member for Ripon and Hampden, whom he desoribed as being something worse than pitch, and therefore not to bo touched by the unsoiled fingers of Mr. Murray Smith aud other gentle meu sitting in the Ministerial Corner, Mr. Lnnginore retaliated by giving the House an amusing account of how Mr. A. T. Clark went singing, dancing, and otherwise disporting him self through West Bourke last July, in the interest, aud also at the expense of Mr. Reid. Mr. Longmore concluded by inviting Mr. Clark to offer his services to Mr. Reid in oonnexion with hia Fitzroy campaign, with the view of seeine how promptly they would be refused." The Q'ekyraph ad.ls:-Tho entsnte cordiale between Messrs. W. C. Smith aud Bell, two of tho lion, members for Ballarat, also suffered a rudo shock. Mr. Bell brought his complaint before the House. "The major" had actually " ordered a member of the Ministry cot to talk to his colleague." Mr. Bell objected to be dealt with in such military style by his friend, and protested against being treated as the gallant gentleman's "boy." The hou gentleman's voios plainly showed tho agitation under which he was laboring while debating his colleague's conduct, and it was not until Major Smith rose and disclaimed any intention of beiug rude to his colleague that Mr. Bell calmed down. THE BUOOATION VO'^E.--An important debate took place in committee of ways aud means on Wednesday night on the vote of £571,006 for public instruction. Tho Aye thus epitomises tho discussion :-Sir John O'Shanassy objected to the continued large expenditure under the act. Pending tho preparation of tho report to be drawn up by the Royal Commission recently appointed, he argued that tho expenditure should bo curtailed to the smallest possible limits. He indicated that the cost could be much reduced by not admitting children who were under school ages. Ho also argued that girls and boys over 15. years of ago should be excluded from the schools unless they paid fees. Sir John O'Shanassy also urged that many schools were maintained though there were absurdly Low average attendance therein. Mr. Kerferd agreed with Sir John O'Shanassy in objecting to the introduction of children under school ages. Regarding the question of main taining schools that had low average attend ances, ho maintained that the State was not "running" schools for a profit, but for the pur pose of providing that at no distant date wo should have an educated population. Mr. Wrixou suggested that much of the school ex penditure might be curtailed by giving school boards power to levy a small school rate to " maintain " schools and pay current expenses. Mr. Mirams complained that the education report did not show the school expenditureunder the department.' The officers took just as much of the expenditure as it suited theni to make out the average cost of education per head. Professor Pearson pointed out several instanpes \vhere economies might be eflteoted, notably in the matter of children under school ages. He held that if parents would send these young children to school, a small charge should bo imposed for their reception. In all he thought that from £60,000 to £100,000 could bo Baved every year by various economies. After a pro longed debate, Mr. Grant, the Minister of Edu cation, said that in administering the act he had obeyed the provisions of the law, and followed the policy adopted by his predecessors. He thought that no children under five years should be admitted, and he would endeavour to have that limitation observed as far as possible, but the law must bo altered before a rule could be enforoed. He would also endeavor to reduce the number of teachora andcarry out other economies sugested by hon. members during the debate. The vote was passed. The accident to Mr. Summer, M.L.C., occurred five weeks ago. He tripped in his parlor, fell and severely sprained the muscles of bis leg. At Collingwood there is a public house called the " Yorkshire Stingo Hotel." Mr. Murray Smith on Wednesday evening, gave a leoture on "Tom Moore." He considers Mooro inferior to Burns, 