L'hjuovs i;i- vj^Gt:. 'I first bcgi.tViliis way, sahib, wlii'ii I wlas a bijy^ widi ^'ii fold slii-' iareo wlm. never lifted {run to any tliing- but tl^prsi-- ? TUpy were his enemiiBFv atid he slept Neither dwy' nor night, if thfcre was one to be killed! lie ' whs quite read, arid the people thought he bore : a charmed life, but, his tate came at last, and he was killed; He was1 not of a shikaree., caste, hoing a telee; and he never fired, a guii till he was; over thirty years, of nge ; but. Allah made hiin a shikare.e t-- avenge the death, of his. wife She was younp and very handsome, ' aivd' he would have cut off his right liand to please her. . No telee1 s wile wasever ted so ri.uch like a Havee as was this woman ; it, used fn be. tlie joke of the village. Well, sahib, about three coss from the village was the stronghold of. a very bad maneat ing tiger; l.e had depopulated several villages, and had baffled all the best .shikarees. He lived in a bin cave at. the end of a rocky ra-. vine, and there was no getting* at it except by. going .straight for it ; at the same time the rocks were so piled about, that an' animal like a ti'_cr could enter the ravine some hundreds of paces below, and thread his way through the boulders with out being seen. Ml- the traps that hud been laid for him htid proved useless, and the people said lie was a sfiaitan in the form ot a tiger. '' Well, one afternoon, R.ojoo, the tree's wife, went down to the nullah to bathe, and she never returned. Her distracted husbaiiu rushed to the bathing-place, and it was but too apparent she had been carried off. There were the footprints of a tiger in the sand; a little further on aj gay. colored cloth, now marked with the deeper stains of blood. The man went mad: he would h«vp rushed there and then hud not his friends held him back. For three days he raved, and would take no food At last lie got calmer, and penple thought he would get over if, u nd the old women began to cast their eyes about for another wife for him, for Urjoon, telee, was well to do in the world ; but he disap pointed them, and the villagers wore astonished to hear that he had 8'ld his oil-mill and bullocks to a rival telee, and was going off to Ffnnee. He could not live in the villajre, he said ; the ghost of lia joo haunted him. So to Seonee he went, and when he got there the half of his money he laid out in the best matchlock he could get — this ?vevy matchlock which I now carry. I bought it from his people for tho price of two tigc-rs— then lie laid in a stock of ammunition and went off ' ' Well, after three weeks had elapsed, the people of the village! were surprised by Urjoon walking into the little square in front of the Pufail s house, where all the pun chayets are held, and where one was being held on that day. They hardly recognised him at first, he was so gaunt and wild looking. Over hia .shoulder he carried a long matchlock: from his belt deopuWAH a powder horn aod wallet, and in his hand he held a bundle Composed of a,;. fresh tij;er skin. Cocld this be the Meek . respectable telee; IJ ijoon, who would have fled from the butt of a'he-goat ? tins wild eyed, lonf haired shikaree? His own breth ren Jhardly knew him, hut, they re cognised his voice wfien lie spoke. '.' My brothers,' said he. miroll injr the tigfi- skin, aiid disclosing a ghastly skull and Iralfgnawed bones, mingled wit,!i black tresses anih gold and silver ?ornaments, ' these are the bones of Rijbo;; burn: theni decently, and I will earrv the as 1) .to .Net; b u d da. .AJ ai ' 'flo saying he stal^ed=,iut«'his oWn house. 'The needful ceremonies were performed. JJrjoon silentlv went though them, fihayinir hjs head and distributing alms to tlip priests ; but thera^ was a fire in. his eve t.lint the P' ople cnnM not understand. ' The epint of the tiger has pilfered into liiin;' they said, and the maidens and children shrank front him as he approached. 'The evening before his de farfj^eior ibe. S'erbiidda he called is fi;iepds Jogger at the pun ch^yet s chohnoirn ; he had arrayed hiinsel^wgai/i Jike :. a shikaree, and the tiger-skin bundle was' In his lmtid -lHi \\-'f ' ? 'V1 Jftr^the^iJ cqnjiji^t^td he ^hen'afrw^e Keate(i, ' I am going to Ser^ndda^fas, ' and' wlipn* you ?wiUspergaie ftg^in j*urmes9nr flnly -?:V ' - grain ; Cafct toto thegreat mother^bosom/ 'T can. now till your fields in peace, and: sleep in safety by the side of j our iiiHize ^lotSj,- , Tvly brotli.erij,. , wh^n I went- to Seonee I. liou^ht, 'rne thisniate)ilock,'ancl Piirmessur has taught. nje ..boy. to lijse it,: I..fear .noH tige^ now;; ? ,they fly before me like the mango at which the boy throve . his stick. The ghost of Hajoo ' called' me, and. I followed..,' Sevgri bullets dia I put into; -my guh. Three days I waited on the edge;of the ravine, At last the. ghost .of Bajoo beckoned me,on.. ^followed , — ay;'fi)Howt?(i h«r' jinlld ft'he 'win--' eater's cay*!.. . pwed with bones, arid T 'knew the bones 1 of Rajoo. Hours I waited, but he came not. At kst £ heard-a henvy breathing and. a - scrambling noise. The ,m iimte he darkened the moutli of the cave. How his eyes glared as they met mine ! but I was not afraid. He was, and grouched, j and snarled, but I smote ? him; ;mv ? brothers 'jiVitli seven ,, halls InV- his' chest and brain I smote him, 'and topk off his ski.ii to, wrap uiy.RajooV bones in. I have said my say. I'' will go.' . .** So saying,' he shouldered his matchlock and turned his back on his native village, and never went near it again., Years after that I met him, and he took a fancy to infe, and made a shikaree of me. jtfut Allah knows he was quite mad. 