A .London Ghost at Noonday. WE (JPaU Mall GmeUej have received the following extraordinary narrative from a correspondent for whose good faith and professional acuteness we can vouch: He substantiates his story with full de tails of dates, names, and places, which, however, for tbe sake of survivors he does not wish to be published. Without any further preface we lay bis letter before our readersAs my wife and I were ait {ting at breakfast with a guest, who I will nail Air A,- then on a visit for the first {time in our house and neighbourhood, our maidservant passed out of tbe room on her nay to the kitchen. As she closed, the door Mr A - startled me by saying. " I saw a spirit of a ouu> follow ing that woman, who, as he passed, said distinctly in my hearing 'God judgeth not m man judgeth. 1 was innocent of the murder tor which I have been hanged 1 was there but t did not strike tbe blow.' " What is it like ?" I asked. He re plied by describing a young Irishman whom I recognised at once as the husband of my domestic who a year or two before had been ex ecuted on a charge of murder. Mr A-a complete stranger to the locality, had only met me for the first time a few days before, and he was totally ignorant of tbe crime in which my servant was so deeply interested. For obvious reasons the subject was never alluded to in our household, where the widow was regarded with feelings of the deepest sympathy, which led us to avoid as much as possible all roferenoe to ber husband's fate. I had previously good reason to doubt whether the evidence against him justified his exe cution^ He had died protesting his in nocence. His wife and friends were firmly convinced that, although he had been in the fight, it was not by his hand that the fatal blow had been dealt. In addition to this I had good reason to be lieve that tbe. real murderer was still at large. You can easily imagine my aston ishment when Mr A- suddenly ventured upon forbidden ground, and abruptly de clared that the spirit of a man who had suffered the capital penally, and whose perso'hal Appearance exactly coincided with that of the unfortunate Irishman, was actually following the servant about the bouse proclaiming his innocence in ascents which, although inaudible to me. my guest declared were perfectly audible to him. I had heard that Mr A. had been a "seer," but I was not a little startled at this striking illustration of his peculiar faculty. I remarked that it was veiy strange, and informed him that the woman whom be had just seen- for the' first time with herghostlycompanion was really the widow of an efcebuted felon. I Some time afterwards be exclaimed "There he is again, repeating tbe same words 1" Intently interested by this sudden and apparently supernatural con- i firmatiou of my suspicions, I determined to put the seership of my guest to what I regarded as a crucial test. I told Mr A. that shortly afterwards I was going into town,' and as I should be passing the spot where tbe murder was committed perhaps his ghostly visitant might indi cate tne place where the dead man lay. Sime time afterwards we started for the town. When we left the bouse Mr A. remarked, "There he is following us,*' "alluding to the spirit." When we had proceeded part of the way along the road, which was quite unknown to my friend, I made a detour to make a busi ness call, and went along another street, Mr A. following me. JuBt as, without ar word on my part, we were turning out of tbe main road, Mr A. aaid-"The spirit is standing at the corner. He says we are not going the right way towards the place where the murder was com mitted, and which he has promised to point out to me." I replied, "On we shall come out in the main road again by and by before we reach the spot." We proceeded on about a quarter of a mile, and >having done my business and struck the main road again-whiob differed. I may remark, from none of the otber roads we had traversed-Mr A. soon after declared, "There is that man just on there, waiting for us." As we con tinued our walk, 1 purposely refrained from uttering a word, or even from think ing, as far as 1 could, about tbe murder, so as to prevent any possibility of my companion obtaining any clue. As we were pissing through one of the lowest parts of the town Mr A. suddenly ex claimed-"He tells me that it was here the murder was committed. It was just there (pointing to tbe place in the road) where the murdered man fell. I see the hubbub and confusion rise up before me as a picture, with the people round. He, however, again tells me that be did not strike the fatal blow, lie does not 1 excuse himself from being morally guilty ' un being mixed up witb tliose who accom plished the death of the man, but strongly maintains that be was not the murderer." I will only add in relation to the last in cident that Mr A. described the exact spot where the murder was committed, and the circumstances in connection herewith. How can you account for that ? Mr A. had never been in the town before; he hud never lived within a couple of hundred miles of it; he did uot know till within a da? or two before he arrived that he would ever visit it ; he could uot hy any possibility have known that the poor woman in my employ was the widow ot a man who was hanged. He had no conceivable interest in deceiv ing me, nor was he concerned tu prose cute the matter any further. I have in vain attempted to account for hia story, nor can I on any of the popular hypotheses explain to my own satisfaction how he Baw that ghost at noonday. 