OCCASIONAL NOTES LOCAL AND GENERAL. ACCORDING to Cosen's circular, the Hazel Holme, daily expected at Fremantle from London, brings 318 gallons red, and 700 gallons white, wine ; 1610 gallons of brandy ; 800 gallons of rum ; and 440 do. gin. WE understand that the New Norcia cricketers are engaged to play the following matches, on the dates mentioned: Victoria Plains, Feb. 2nd; Guildford Feb. l0th; York cricket club (match to be played at Guildford) on Feb. 11th ; Metropolitan Cricket Club, at Perth, Feb. 15th ; Fremantle, Feb. 17th. OF mother-o'-pearl shells, only moderate supplies were offered at auction at London on Dec. 15, which went off without much animation. Very few Fremantle were offered; of those submitted, chicken realised £8 to £8 5s. Black-edged were chiefly withdrawn, but a few cases sold at £5 7s. 6d. to £5 10s. for fair bold. A SERIOUS accident occurred at the South Wharf, Melbourne, when the s.s. Otway was leav- ing for Fremantle on her last trip. As the steamer was being released from her moorings a hawser snapped, and struck a little girl, Miss Ada Thomp- son, aged 12 years, who was standing close by. She was at once removed to the Melbourne Hospi- tal, where it was found that the force of the blow had caused concussion of the brain. She died the following day. THE other day, we mentioned that the South Australian Government had telegraphed to Messrs Bliss & Son, of New York, enquiring what quantity of the Champlain and Defiance varieties of wheat, alleged to be rust-proof, they could supply for seed, and also the price at which they would be prepared to sell it. From our latest files, we find that the Government have received a reply to their telegram, in which which Messrs Bliss & Son, state that they can only supply 75 bushels, at four dols. per bushel. Since then, samples of these wheats bearing indications of red rust, have been forwarded to the South Australian Government and to Dr. Shemburgk-enough to show that neither the Defiance nor the Champlain varieties are so im- ervious to rust s had been imagained. IF, as His Excellency the Governor pointed out on Wednesday last, the Secretary of State approves of the proposals made to him for carrying on the railway to the Eastern Districts, a change of front in regard to the route to be adopted must necessarily entail considerable delay. This con- sideration, however, should not be permitted to stand in the way of an endeavour to arrive at a right conclusion. The conclusion of the Legis- lature having been assailed as a mistaken one, we sincerely trust that the Eastern Districts will speak out with no uncertain sound, so that it may be possible to ascertain before any further step is taken, how far the views which have been lately expressed, are in accord with those of the majority of settlers whose interests are concerned. We shall be most happy to open our columns to communications bearing upon this subject. NATAL, which has lately been restored to the enjoyment of a representative system of Govern- ment somewhat similar to our own, is striking out a rather bold policy. The revenue of Natal is twice that of Western Australia, but seems scarce- ly adequate to meet the expenditure of the colony. Nothing daunted, however, we find the colonists going in for public works on a very extensive scale. A bill has been introduced in the Legislative Coun- cil to authorize the raising of a loan of £1,400,000. Of this sum, £250,000 is to be appropriated for the share of the Zulu war expenditure payable by Natal. The remainder is for the completion and extension of the railway system. We are unaware whether the bill was introduced by the Govern- ment or by elected members of the House. It would be interesting to know how, with a revenue which appears to be very frequently exceeded, the the colony proposes to find ways and means for meeting the interests on so large a sum of money. THE question of forest conservancy is at- tracting great attention in most parts of the world. Nearly all English colonies are more or less interest- ing themselves in the matter-many, such as Mau- ritius, having had it brought prominently to their notice by the ruin which forest devastation was causing. So far as Western Australia is concerned there is no cause for any apprehension except in re- gard to the wasteful destruction of those descrip- tions of timber which are valuable for commerce. Some years ago it was understood that a Forest Commission had been appointed to report upon this subject. What has become of this Commission Ï Has it died a natural death ? An English contem- porary which gives an outline of the action taken in regard to forest conservancy by British colonies, says :-" Western Australia has done nothing, though it is officially stated that many places are entirely denuded of timber' " (where and when was this official statement made ?) " Noble forests in the South-west corner continue to export jarrah, or native mahogany, though the forests receive no attention. Generally, the colony has but few trees ! " THE annual general meeting of the Metro- politan Cricket Club was held on Thursday even- ing last, at the United Service Hotel. There were about 20 members present, Mr. J.C. H. James being in the chair. The committee laid before the meeting a copy of proposed rules for the general management of the Club, which, after some discussion and alteration, were ordered to be printed, the following rule being passed amongst others : " That the committee shall chose the teams for matches, and that each team shall chose its own captain." The meeting then proceeded to the election of officers for the ensuing year, with the following result : Mr. James, president; Mr. Theo. Lowe, secretary ; Committee-Messrs. S. H. Parker, M. A. C. Fraser, E. Sholl, Geo. Leake, and F. H. Monger. A challenge was read from Mr. Lefroy, captain of the New Norcia Eleven, to play a match in Perth on Tuesday, the 15th February next. The challenge was accept- ed. A challenge was also read from the secretary of the Fremantle C. Club to play a match in Fre- mantle on Thursday, the 27th inst., which chal- lenge was likewise accepted. The meeting then closed. FROM our English files to hand on Satur- day, we gather that the fourth and last series of last year's wool sales, which commenced onNovem- ber 23, was brought to a close on December 11. The following quantities were catalogued : Sydney, 21,801 bales ; Victoria, 28,040 ; Adelaide, 9,522; Swan River, 266; Tasmania, 1,416; New Zealand, 25,380; Cape and Natal, 37,459 bales. Out of a total available stock of 131,879 bales, about 10,500 bales (500 Australian and 10,000 Cape) went forward direct to the provinces and the Continent, and it is estimated that about 15,000 bales, of which 9,500 are Cape, remain in first hands for future sale. The quantity bought for export is estimated at 50,000 bales. About 15,000 bales of new clip (1880-81) have come forward in time for these auctions-a larger instalment than has ever come at so early a date. The series has been well attended by home buyers, but the foreign trade was represented only to a limited extent, many of the leading French and German spinners being absent. According to Messrs. Helmuth Schwartze & Co., "prices have fluctuated but little ; they opened on a par with September, and so they may, with some exceptions, be said to have closed. The level was at times barely maintained, and towards the middle of the series especially, prices tended in buyers' favour. But during the last week there was again better competition, and the sales close with fair animation." The prices current of West Australian wool, when the mail left, were as follow : Superior (fleece) 1s. 8d. to 1s. 11d. ; average to good, Is. 5½d to Is. 7d. ; in- ferior to average. Is. 2d. to Is. 5d. IT is very natural that those who in their advocacy of Responsible Government have made» perhaps unpremeditated slip and drawn aside the veil rather more than was wise, should be exces- sively anxious to restore confidence, and pretend that it was only a diseased imagination which saw ugliness beneath. But such slips have not been in- frequent, commencing with one which will be well recollected, in July 1878, one which gave point, and drew conspicuous attention to certain remarks which had previously been made in Council by Mr. Hocking, on the 15th of that month. The public therefore is very unlikely to be deceived. Nor is it likely to be deceived by the flimsy pretence, that united action taken by all except three of its elect- ed representatives to put a stop to disastrous finan- cial mismanagement, was an attempt to make the Governor a puppet in the hands of a few intriguing individuals. We pointed out on Friday what that disastrous mismanagement had been ; how, during the five years succecding Governor Weld'sdeparture, the Government on an average had spent £20,000 a year in excess of appropriation, and £13,000 a year in excess of revenue-£100,000 and £65,000 respec- tively. To which we may add that, until 1879, the Council was lulled to a false sense of security by visions of sham balances and sham financial prosperity held up by those who were administer- ing the public affairs, and who were themselves in ignorance of their true position. Can any one honestly say for a moment that such a state of things should be left to take care of itself ? There are those of course who say that for such a state of things Responsible Government is the only cure. Seeing however that Responsible Government, whatever its other advantages, and it has many, has certainly not-as every student of contemporary history knows-proved a cure for financial blunder- ing as bad or much worse than our own, it was not likely that the Council would urge upon the coun- try as a remedy, a system of Government which it had just declared at the hustings that it was not yet prepared to adopt. And if the Council was under the impression that, in the mean time, even under the present constitution, steps might be taken which would prevent illegal expenditure, and avert the misfortune which a continuance by the Government in the courses trodden during the last five years would certainly have brought upon the country-it is both absurd and dishonest to de- scribe that action as an attempt to make the Go- vernor a puppet in the hands of a few interested persons. But, as was lately said of Parnell's hatred for the Liberals-people who wish to bring about a crisis naturally detest most thoroughly those who propose to avert it. WEST AUSTRALIANS will no doubt feel greatly flattered at the interest (ride our tele- graphic intelligence) taken in their welfare by Mr. Graham Berry. Mr. Berry should certain- ly be a judge of what the 'best interests' of these colonies are,-interests which he has done so much to serve. Mr. Berry's ideas, too, upon the question of immigration, and his policy of pro- tecting labour, have been so extremely successful, and have done so much to promote the advance- ment of the colony which for the last few years he has led by the nose and dragged through the mire, that his advice should certainly be unhesitatingly accepted by all,who aspire to share in such bless- ings as Berry principles entail. We can readily understand that, to colonies in which the working man reigns absolutely supreme, and in which his vote commands the situation, cheap labour, even of a kind which does not interfere in any way with the prospects of respectable and industrious Euro- peans, should be abhorrent, and it is well-known that the anti-Chinese crusade in Victoria and New South Wales has been nothing more than a clap trap bid for the votes of the working population of the larger towns. The opposition to Chinese im- migration in Queensland was of a different charac- ter. The gold-fields attracted the celestials in such overwhelming numbers, and the climate was so much better suited to their physique than to that of the European, that there was a real danger of North Queensland becoming a Chinese province, and the agitation against this state of things was an honest one, based upon serious grounds. As for ourselves, there cannot be the slightest doubt that to promote the immigration of English men and women, likely to become permanent settlers of the soil is the right policy to adopt-a far better one than the introduction of men of an alien race who only temporarily add to the population, and only for a temporary purpose. But when attractions to other shores are so much greater than to our own and increase of population from European immigra- tion is necessarily so slow, the expedient of provid- ing for filling up gap in thelabour market by the introduction of a limited number of immigrants of a class which has already proved extremely use- ful, can certainly not be said to be opposed to the best interests of West Australia, while the interests of her neighbours in the East are not in the remot- est degree affected. Whether the proposal of the Conference to represent the matter to the Imperial Government is intended as a joke or not, we of course do not know. But it is highly unlikely that a Government which has spent millions in forcing China to open her gates to the European, would attempt to interfere with one of her dependencies because it chose to import an occasional handful of celestials-chiefly British subjects from Singapore_ to meet the urgent requirements of an empty labour market. WE cannot at all understand why, because the direction which the Eastern Districts railway should take is one in which the people are largely interested, and which they should have a large share in deciding, the Government was justified in remaining a completely inactive spectator, taking no part whatever in the settlement of the most important matter which has ever been brought forward for discussion in the Legislature. The Government surely does not wish it to go forth, that it considers itself as something alto- gether apart from the people, instead of being equally interested with the colonists in promoting the progress and welfare of the country. In nearly everything connected with public affairs the people are largely interested, yet the Government, when it has an opinion, does not hesitate in such matters to interfere, and the only logical conclusion therefore at which it is possible to arrive, is, that the Government had not a ghost of an idea which route was the right one to take, thought discretion was the better part of valour, and determined not to commit itself. The Government might have been in a position, had it so willed, to render material aid to the Legislature in arriving at a decision. The services of the Survey Office had not been at the disposal of members previous to the session-they had been at the disposal of the Government, and we certainly think that where the expenditure of a large sum of money was in question it would have been worth while to collect certain informa- tion and statistics which through the Survey Office might have been obtained, and which would have been of very material assistance. A sketch survey, showing the position and extent of agri- cultural land available, is really what has been all along required. Had any such practical step been taken, the Administration would have been saved the humiliation of having, by implication, to confess that, as regards the direction the railway should take, it had no opinion to offer. It has been a melancholy exhibition of incapacity from beginning to end. First, the hopes of the coun try were buoyed by public utterances leading them to suppose that the Government was strongly in favour of an immediate continuation of the Eastern Districts railway. Then, when Council met, difficulties having arisen, which the Govern- ment did not care to take the responsibility of at- tempting to overcome, members were told that the idea had better for the time being be abandoned. When they refused to abandon it, proposed a plan for overcoming those difficulties, and decided about the route-Government sat still and watched. When the session was over, we are now informed, Government strongly recommended what, when the session opened, it had stated was in its opin- ion unwise. Unfortunately red-tape and details so engross attention, that no time or energy seems left for larger matters-for policy and action. LORD GREY has been frequently cited both in our own colony and elsewhere as a great au« thority on colonial constitutional matters. And Lord Grey has lately written a paper upon the situation in South Africa, in relation to the sys- tem of Government prevailing in that colony, which is both interesting and curious. He says that Responsible Government was forced upon the Cape colonists against their will, and before the country was ripe for the change, in order that England might be relieved from the burden and cost of the native difficulties so constantly occur- ring, the bargain being that the Cape, when undertaking self-government, should undertake at the same time self-protection. This bargain, however, has never been carried out, and when- ever the Cape gets into difficulties, England is obliged to interfere and spend millions in the sup- pression of disturbances brought on often by the action of a colonial Government over which she practically can exercise no control. This state of things Lord Grey declares has now become simply intolerable, and England will find it necessary either to cast off the South African colonies alto- gether, severing their connection with the mother country-an idea which could not be seriously entertained-or else to withdraw from them those self-governing powers with which he conceives they should never have been entrusted. Lord Grey meets objections which have been raised to his proposal in the following words : " In the first place, it has been asserted to my great astonish- ment, that representative institutions without ' Responsible Government' (the form of Govern- ment which he proposes to re-enact) are an ab- surdity. To this I will only answer that it is scarcely forty years sinc; ' Responsible Govern- ment' was established in any of our colonies, while, in some of the older ones, representative institutions without this system had existed for nearly two centuries. More than this, the great colonies, which, by the mismanagement and folly of the British Government, were lost to the Em- pire, and now constitute the United States, throve and grew into a nation under representative in- stitutions having no resemblance to the new sys- tem of 'Responsible Government.' And to this day the distinguishing principle of ' Responsible Government,' which requires that those to whom the chief executive power is entrusted shall pos- sess the confidence of the representatives of the people, is not admitted in the constitution either of the general Government of the United States or of the separate Governments of the several states composing the Union." But, however wise a return to representative institutions without Responsible Government might possibly be in the case of a country so peculiarly situated as the Cape, we scarcely think Lord Grey will persuade the colonists to view his scheme with favour. He points out that they can retain complete control of all public money not included in permanent Acts of appropriation, that they can retain com- plete control also over legislation, and that the Colonial Office would invariably listen to any rea- sonable complaint against an Administration which they might think well to make. But he pro- poses to include in permanent Acts of appropria- tion an annual sum sufficient to meet the fixed expenses of Government, making the Governor independent of the Legislature, which would only be able to deal with what revenue remained over after the fixed charges of administration were paid. On such terms it is absurd to suppose that colonists who have had their own way for so long, would be willing to accept a curtailment of their present liberty of action. 