LOCAL NEWS. A WELL VENTILATED CHURCH.—For very many years, ever since its erection, the costly church of St. Mary's, West Maitland, has been a punishment to many of its congregation. There are two sets of persons whom architects, when planning the venti- lation of a church, or other large building which will at times be certain to be crowded, have to bear in mind. A number cannot stand the strength of a breeze blowing in on them from open windows, without suffering from colds, coughs, bronchitis, &c;, while another large number, having bilious or similar constitutions, are punished with headaches if the air within the building is not kept pure by frequent change. And a third lot go comfortably to sleep during the sermon, and at other times, if the air is heavy and loaded with the ex- pired breaths of the worshippers. St, Mary's had some small openings in the side win- dows, low down, which on a windy day drove in too much direct air on some of the congregation but which alone could not steadily change the air of the whole building, and so stop headaches and sleepi- ness. Up aloft in the roof were several of those re- markable little windows which church architects delight in—which cost money to build and maintain, but give very little light. Well, at last the com- plaints of the headachy part of the congregation have prevailed, and the churchwardens, with the approval of the clergyman, have had these little roof-windows made to open and shut as required. Sunday last was an exceedingly hot day—over 90 in the shade from breakfast time, and ninety-eight at three in the afternoon, with a hot wind blowing. A large congregation was present, as usual ; but the little roof windows were open, the lower windows were open, so far as they could open—and the result was a general success all round. No wind was felt to be blowing in at the windows, and yet the air of the church was delight- fully pure and free all the time ; nobody was seen asleep ; scarcely any one was coughing ; and only one young lady had to go out because of the heat. Inasmuch as no current was felt in the air, the people only knew that the air was really moving and chang- ing all the time, by its purity. We presume the explanation must be, that the air blowing in from the lower windows was at once attracted upwards towards the open roof windows, and took up quietly with it the expired breaths of the hundreds of worshippers. THE LATE DROWNING CASE.—At the recent in- quest on the body of Joseph Paton, who was drowned in the Allyn River, beyond Gresford, on the 5th instant, whilst endeavouring to cross, the jury expressed their high admiration of the services ren- dered by Constable Quaile in endeavouring to recover the body of the deceased, and also to the inhabitants generally. Mr. Vindin, coroner, also complimented Constable Quaile on his exertions, which were con- tinued for some days. On Monday evening a meet- ing was held at the Royal Hotel, Morpeth, under the presidency of Mr. Thomas Jones, for the purpose of taking steps to obtain subscriptions in aid of the widow and children of the unfortunate man Paton. The matter was taken up warmly by those present, as it was urged the case was a very deserving one, and required prompt attention. An active canvass is to be made for subscriptions towards the object, and it is to be hoped that the matter will receive a liberal response. Mr. J. J. Ryan has been appointed Secretary, and Mr. H. Sparks, Treasurer. We may mention that after the inquest on Monday Mr. Vindin. suggested the advisablenesa of establishing a move- ment of this kind, and promised to head the sub- scription list with £1. Subscriptions towards tbe fund will be received by Messrs. A. Vindin, Coroner, and Mr. W. J. M'Govern, Mercury office. SERIOUS ILLNESS OF MR. P. FORD.—The numer- ous friends of this well-known breeder and owner of high class stock will regret to hear that he at present lies in a very precarious state, suffering from a severe attack of paralysis. From what we can learn it appears that Mr. Ford, who had only returned from a visit to the Melbourne Exhibition on Monday last, got up on Tuesday morning and went about his business, apparently in his usual robust health. Feeling rather unwell on the evening of the same day, he went to a friend's house for a rest on his way home. After chatting a while he prepared to start home, and was seized with a paralytic stroke which rendered him insensible, and deprived poor Ford of the use of his right arm and leg. Will- ing hands were soon procured to assist the unfortunate sufferer to his residence at Brooks' Flat, and messengers were at once despatched to Maitland for medical assistance, and a couple of Mr. Ford's more intimate friends. Dr. Alcorn was soon on the road, and accomplished the journey, in his buggy, from West Maitland, to Brooks' Flat, in the short space of twenty-four minutes. When the doctor arrived be found Mr. Ford suffering as stated above, and prescribed remedies for the relief of his patient, upon whom the doctor has since been in close attendance, Upon inquiry at a late hour last evening we were glad to learn that the unfortunate sufferer showed somewhat favourable signs of improvement, although his case is one of a very serious nature, TRANSFER OF SELECTIONS.—The Gazette supple- ment of Feb. 15 gives a list of selections which in consequence of subdivision and alterations in land districts are now comprised within the new land dis- trict of Inverell. IIMPORTS AND EXPORTS.—The value of the Im- ports at the port of Sydney for the week ended the 6th February, 1881, amounted to £273,085. The value of the Exports for the same period amounted to £147,022.—Herald. [...] last even- [ing] Mr. Fairclough and Miss Elsa May gave the first of the two advertised entertainments in the Maitland School of Arte, to an audience that was more select and appreciative than numerous. A greater intel- [...] musical treat has never been offered to [...] peop!e, and we are sorry a larger [...] did not assemble to enjoy it. A sketch of [...] programme will describe the character of the entertainment. Mr. Fairclough recited the ["...] of Ivry," doing justice to Macaulay's noble [..], and Miss Elsa May followed with the [...] "Let rae Dream Again." Then came [...] gentleman's rendering of "The Raven," a B'Jt, which faithfully Rave the poet's meaning 'he poem. And in the case of " The Haven" the Vb meaning is not hidden, for it bas been declared himself, io a remarkable essay, sotting forth the oner ic which he built the piece up. Mr.Fairclough vies his hearers along till he fairly impresses '(force of the weird climax upon them, and te fin to him is to have light thrown upon a wonder ' piece ot imaginative composition. Miss Blea Äy's son?, " Ye happy birds," in which she had the ¡vantage, as she had to the end, ot Mr. R. Ä. Am |ll'a masterly accompaniments, deepened the favor fe impression ehe had already made by her culti- vad voice, flexible, powerful and sweet, and lending ¡elf to the perfect rendering of the mueic. Mr. Fair Hugh's " Night before Waterloo" was a most vigor he and spirit-stirring performance, perhaps more I ppular than that which preceded it ; and Miss May Jided the first part with the new version of " Home freet Home," which is eminently calculated to 'splay all the excellences of her splendid voice, 'he second part opened with Mr. Fairclough'* ecital of the " Bridge of í ighs," spoken with good adgment and with much feeling. His »tyla is, how iver, not particularly well suited to pathetic »ieces. "The Power of Love" was a delight ul rendeiing, and Miss May could not escape the 'amanda ot the audience for a repeat. In The Charge of the Light Brigade," Mr. 'airclough, who had all along been heartily pplauded, roused the audience into thor _ ugh enthusiasm, and was compelled to re- appear and bow. The song "Sing Sweet Bird "gave Miss Bisa May a special opportunity of showing how well her voice has been cultivated, and a floe pro- gramme, thus varied of song and story, was brought to a end by Mr. Fairclough'e very effective rendering of "Shamus O'Brien." The second entertainment will be given this evening, as may be seen elsewhere, and those who will appreciate elocutionary skill and fine singing will be amply rewarded for their at- tendance. Thk Duke op Manchbstkh.-The Duke of Manchester (says the Rrubane Courier) returned to Mitchell on Tuesday evening, after a month's trip to the interior, after experiencing our most severe heat, and suffering delays, arising first from drought and then from wet weather. We understand that, on the whole, the Duke has formed a very favourable im- pression of the resource» of our western interior, and will probably Bucceed in directing British capital fa, its reclamation and improvement. His Grace is nc. ">d at Roma to-morrow, and on Friday he . St town by train for Jimbour, where he \ v for a short time on a visit to the Hon, thffwrPLY foe Mobpbth. - Some weekà tatoiKÄjof the ratepayers of Morpeth was\ Both \^*í.BtoPOBed scheme for supplying »omninAV J&RjO;/l-the ratepayer's determined remame «g^ BubseqUo occept the sonemei 111 wroutjiiüouncil, was coition adopted in! lattser fofllorpetb, Mi. Wisdled to the hon] ^?noy the matter before tbe^vho was asked] Wisdom, intimating that_beJiai he JJ the letter', Mxai\ JfWiid.T,-".._»- . .. -. ^¿> to the Minister, who promised to J0 mntter his ?> consideration, at the same time - ^ting out that| Mr. Lackey was inclinedi^^uE that the ratenayersj of Morpeth have risen too late in taking objection to/ the proposed scheme, us the work had been airead jj sanctioned by Parliament. * ?* Spobting.-On Tuesday evening a fair number of " the talent" mustered on the West Maitland race- course to witness a match between Mr. T. Burke's black horse Tim Whiffler and a black colt pur- chased by Mr. Hough at Mr, Danger's sale of horses at Campbell's Bill some short time since, The distance was a quarter of a mile, catch weights, and the stake a email one. The nags get away at the first attempt, Tim Whiffler at once going to the front and remaining there to the end, winning easily by a length, the colt not running very kindly. Mr. Hough not being satisfied, another match was made, the same distance, and same lads up. This race proved a repetition of thp first, but Tim Whiffler won a bit easier.-Tho owners of ForestP'^Navy Eights, and the colt above mentioned put m n £1 euc1), for a ,-. ^jnile spin, catch weights. The three horses got going togetBe;*and after roundiug the turn NavyEightB took up" tho MiunJBit,the coll being second, Forester 14hgths behind, being - ble to operate with the shoes on. Navy Eights led past the bait mile pnst by ten lengths, Forester paseiup^o colt at this point but hadn't the ghost of a show with Navy Eights who won by twenty lengths, Forester beating the colt by the same distance -Tim Whifller and a pony called Rainbow then ran half a mile for a £1 a-side, but old Tim was far and away too good, and won "very easily by three or four lengths. Dew of thk Alps.-We invite the attention of our invalid readers and their friends to the impor- tant fact that this renowned and most daliciouB European appetizer and invigorantis now obtainable here. Messrs M. Moss and Co., Sydney, sole agents for the manufacturers, Geneva, introduced it into this market as an experiment, a few years ogo, but not until recently has the supply been equal to the demand, If the testimony ot a whole nation, ex- tending over a period of centuries, is deserving of credence, tho Dew of the Alps is a swift remedy for physical prostration, indigestion, nervous affections, lose of appetite, mental despondency, &c;, and' an equally certain preventive of malarious disorders and all climatic ailments. In flavour it is simply delicious. It is a refreshing luxury, 8b well as a medicinal specific._ _ 3166 