SIIUFFILING OFF. \--+ --- Iby The Frre', Arnal or DrD-',atie :\As.. I ciation, of Philad,.Ipi,. wa.? Ling "Venlicef Preeeivet. T, . 7.Z.l tii. un. It youni? iig n ii unl.I. I trik. Wtrh i- sumcld tle parts of Pir.lre: clad Ju.flr. n. In the blst eornn. t I tle both of tinhe conspittors die, Little had to live p it thl ghost fi'e, which lin didl to ti., gR?eat aisfifaction of thi i.loundliniile,. l itaggering all over ithe place. ,idni gir- fil lig conivulsive luoisn, stc. taki"ig clil', F' however, to giv. his Inv' kick i rihe ex.c {" centre of the stag-.. 'lh?i oithr traged lllt :1 then commetnced hi~s .i-ii-ynqo-pleoe.I .' walk arounltipreparlitorv t shlluffllll of . i It seems that he ie .,, halId mi l, calculi- I. tions to die on tlii- dIsir.bl- spoll, ..l t, finding himself huulked in to,i. dieter mined ito fall as near ti- centu, ai , possible. As the circle it Whi l:'. stea- W Rpring became sulall,r. Little l.ecatI' iI visibly uneasy. He i ti.r it itmanfully, " howevar, ULti White iheati to totter lnl aI if readv to droi,. Then his courage 15 left himin, and c s'inlg ..ridle every relr i d I for aslllplrances, he electrified the audi- ' enoe by siting up suddenly and crawlinri nearel to the w1ine, when lie gllain lid himself out. Th-otl-er rlcidell occured atr Mtl\ick-r'. - 'lhceatre, Chicago, in ihowc fgood olb a days when tiek , lrttpanlies flourishd and the b .11 is . cihalinged weeikly. Tl'i. " necse-trn'ed a grea:t deal of studyinig ii and hastly-gotren-uplr costumes. I don't It rememlber rnuoh about the plt of the il pliy, except that a young rgill, in love with the hero, disguised iherself as ,o page, in order to, follow him in titlhtt!e i whier.l she it hlain. On the first nightl' 11lncitger M 'Vcker, wiho is rind wva very par'itulu' shout tleilltets of dIlevi, discovered tlht lIIl i youun womaln who i took the pli r: tf ill.i r hi e l.d tliprst' onr. "Don't you knllw lilly Iinter. thianl to Wetr Hllleltn t toii li rli , or battle?" ire denH?id. >,". tiihly le-i;. h d that n Ilub, had u nl tne tolllir ii y " ,iit boots i on tlicll b holit nrutire." "WIell said A M'Vilker,-" "you it but row t i i "iir, or do retnmeliig, Ifor I cltaiilily -hall not Hllow you to On in lit thle il lil.pIer?." The poor girl was in dtiespir, until Il?, gooid-utlltr t-e I t inte ii seeing ie., distrso, tendeled I te Ihlir Ilau of a pnir t or tcp-hoio'stn offer whlich, she gliadti accepteti, in lieu of no Jling Ibetiter. They wlere rather large, to be .tlre, ht.i she maitnagetnlld ri ltvii-,te inI themlii pretty well, and thing-. went on. tnothily untill fI ee cemiU 1f her d0.,.th. W hbile she it lying itn tie tntitle-field the liuntno antid his , rvitit mtuniler inll, ul,l di-cover- f inr" who site is, the !'troll ddilivvsa :. toucllhinL lel,,.y ov,.r ht'I reimuiln*, l o ll then order, -ii, s"urit to ti ke iher flt whtil, he i, tiaI e t s an ti le livctve solilt. (llly a Il the Iul,.nll. Ilv 1.,,l . As tih. i,,1 hrr tg.ed Iher offill, by tihe aria-pi. , tLh ploil p l;,m e to lllu l tlhalt ii spite of tier fialltic efftrts to keep thetli on, sile wee rloiwly lltieti milled out of iher hootls. Tl- rimn kept on pu!lint, howe-ver, util li lt it iher in tipe vwings, arid tie big lootsL wire -o ,ton Iliei stag, with the disciuon-,lat h-ro. Illagro, his feelings! sliecllly when it smnil voice rornm the pgallerl cnulld out, "Sle let, ttheir tor remetimliritncesl" WLhil I have berrll writin thisis "ower triue .rtri,' n i, u e iit gi- -' ior", related to me by nl old retiretd ctor, occurs tol miP. 'Thoulih it didrl't talke pi.ce in a d.ath ecene exactly, still it was very funiy. A young utility man was eiost for thbe pat ot a Rloman soldlier, whoi rushes in to anllounce that. ",ill is lose, thel citadel Ilut been takenr,," etc., etc. Thinking his young anld nmouthli flace did not loioksolbiery enouhli, ihe idetnI mined, to wear a heavy tonist iclho end wig. Accordingly when the nighlt cam. Johnny stoon L. U. E. readly to sprint on at his cue, in brave nrrvy. A fierce black mousttache slldln s Itis uplper 1 i Ihis wit surrmouted bty onei of those fluted tin helmets, and in his gallat right hand he held at spear. At last his cue wts given, iantd lie rutshed t on He came on with suclh a rboliuce. how pver, that Ilis v ire itod bhelllet slipped,)i ./back, explosing hiu light short hainr uniler neath. He hastily cllppelld his bhar to his head, and held on his cake-pan helmet, while he bel h h ir auimnounce moeot Horror I Ore siin ..of hit mousetnhe, which fitatened with sipringr in thie nostrilsl, liId becomie lIneos-ld , rind fell across his moulth h e ipus.he it up aitd again- eenawyet t, speak, tnlt aguin it tell ncrod' hir nrouthi. Itt te dlesp .it he Iralntictlly pulled thing off an11 threw it in the wingLr, ntid, altaer givisg hii .'-ineP, liod.i hli igtrn inious exi t, X ? till .'lutttiinrr his htelint, ii, ,iiJ ,riptly ot i lieation.-' New York Pitipel.rt CtE?rli?M AItDs . --Soit lle lholpli, ito tions tif eetullt urnd luun lre li atlii'r itizy T'ihe ottiir tcly alauntdetl pronpriet-tr it this neigtthoruhuod, whin-i kitititiess it COtlil times inposted uIliti hvi thlit clihs o?r peopl., wl.I. if tihey c,?t in inchl, will Ostat, ri tit,,, li i hi, ci-i-t to tiy nome he?i?a i t?i.- , k , rim.l sil t urp aitid rrady Ior it ti .... w.y. T'liis clilir of tilllbier 'i Ilti-i-. v I tIle for i -rwoodi ow,*ris it iIn II tti rot llowi it tto hit titktik ii-- try in ri ttilt-. it.. inttileinirni at once tlt -- i ti h k ti I h. nt tin ariit ourltrei t rix i itl'till 1it lit it tliwn itt lltO iiinic * i th ii.. w id ritlt ,It lotire, Iitihl ?u , , . Ni.xt dtyi tllU Ipet)cnl who and asl lit t v,- wood e.ninelll til:citlct it sr ay. .i* h! tlie tihitve," Ihe x altiliit, whi n hl h 8 w thnt tiH woold h,,d nisllpllpeaired. I It ichali d l In ity bi' the diepraity u tuilno hrutal l , i l it wishinghe could fitld out who stollh thtur timbur.--l lortlako D)esplitul." 