i GOSSIP OF THE DAY. contributions and selections. The anticipated introduction of a measure rendering vaccination compulsory has origin ated an anti-vaccination movement in Sydney. Mr. George Lacy has published a forcible anti- vaccination pamphlet, and the views therein expressed have been -ably supported by Dr. Le Gay Brereton in letters to the metropolitan press. The following are the opinions of a few eminent men (quoted by Mr. Lacy) as to compulsory vaccination : — Francis W. Newman : "To punish parents for struggling to keep their children's blood inviolate, is a form of tyranny unheard of until modern times, and emphatically as disgraceful as it is impious." John Bright : " The law which inflicts penalty after penalty on a parent who is unwilling to have his child vaccinated is monstrous." Moncure Conway : " Government has no more right to compel a parent to inoculate his child with possibly tainted lymph, than to compel the child of a Protestant to go to a Catholic school." Sir T. Chambers, Q.C., M.P., Recorder of London : " Compulsory vaccination is beyond all comparison the strongest form of 'parental go vernment' that was ever introduced into this country." Charles Bradlaugh : " It is the most oppressive piece of legislation enacted by any. -English- speaking Legislature since the passage of the notorious Fugitive Slave Law in the .United States." W. E. Gladstone : " I view with misgiving all new aggressions upon private liberty. The inequality of the vaccination law is a strong reason for doing what we can to mitigate its severity." Herbert Spencer : " I wish I had known some time since that the vaccination persecution had been carried so far, as I might have made use of the fact It would have served farther to enforce the parallel between this medical popery, which men think so defensible, and the religious popery they think so indefensible." J. W. Pearse, M.P. : "Vaccination slaughters children in a wholesale way." P. A. Taylor, M.P. : " I maintain that all the elements justifying compulsion on the part of the State are wanting in this instance of vaccination." Dr. W. J. Collins, M.R.C.S., L.R.C.P. Edin. L.M., 20 years Vaccine Physician in Edin burgh and London : " If I had the desire to describe one-third of the victims ruined by vaccination the blood would stand still in your veins." Dr. C. T. Pearce, M.D., M.R.C.S., England, for many years the associate of Sir W. Jenner and Sir H. Thompson, and who has devoted a quarter of a century to the special study of the disease : "Vaccination and small-pox stand in the relation of cause and effect, and bear a cor responding ratio the one to the other." We continue from last issue a comparative analysis of a portion of the old and new editions of the New Testament Our en deavour has been to lay before our readers the more important changes throughout, but where trifling changes occur in the more familiar passages we have also quoted them. In instances where the same alteration is made in several passages we only quote the first one — as " if thy right eye offend thee," for " if thy right eye cause thee to stumble." Among the changes which may be noticed without being put in parallel columns, we may mention that " ship " is now given " boat ; " " scrip " is now given "wallet;" "generation of vipers" is rendered "offspring of vipers." In-Matt xiil, 15, " and should be converted " is given " and should turn again ; " " wicked one " is given "evil one." InMatt xiv., 26, "apparition" is substituted for " spirit" and " heaven " is frequently given for " sky." The word " toll " takes the place of " sitting at the receipt of custom." The word " bread " is in most cases given "loaf;" "through" is almost always substituted for "by;" and "straightway" is often rejected in favour of" immediately." In the earlier chapters of Matthew, " Christ " and " Virgin " is preceded by .the definite article. " Birds of the air " is changed to " birds of heaven;" "children" when used generically is given "sons;" and in Matt xxvii., 34, "wine is given instead of "vinegar. in Matt ix., 23, " flute-players " is substituted for "minstrels," and in Matt xxiiL, 33, "judgment of hell" for "damnation of hell" In the re vised edition " judgment " is spelled "judge ment," and " cloak " appears as " cloke." Old Version. New Version. Matt, i., 19. Then Joseph her husband And Joseph her husband, being a Just man. being a righteous man. MatL L, 23. Behold a virgin shall be with Behold, the virgin shaU be child, and shall bring forth a with child, and shall bring aonr and they shall call Tils- forth a son. name EmmanneL And they shall caU his name Emmanuel. Matt. H, 6. Out of thee shall come a For ont of thee shall come governor that shall role my forth a governor, people Israel. Which ahaU be shepherd of my people Israel. Matt a, 18. " , tii And slew all the children And slew all' the male cull- that were In Bethlehem. dren that were In Bethlehem. Matt IK, 12. He will thoroughly purge his He will thoroughly cleanse floor. his threshing-floor. Matt. 1H, 16. And Jesus, when he was And Jesus, when he was baptised, went up straightway baptised, went up straightway ont of the water. from the water. -M . . r : : — : — -T.v-.f-— -. ... K»tt; v., 22. .; JBnt 1 lay unto yon, xnai whomever Is angry with his Min without a dense shah be in Danger of the Judgment; and whosoever shall say to his brother, Baca! shall be in danger of the conncU; bnt whosoever shall say, Thou fool I shaU bo In danger of heU fire. 1 say unto yon, mat every one who is angry with his brothar shaU'be In danger of the Judgment: and whoso ever shall say to his brother, Baca, shall be In danger of the council; and whosoever shall say, Than fool ! shall be In danger of the heU of fire. Matt. v.. 29. <!stnfl If- thy right eye offend And if thy right eye eauseth thee to stumble. ' Matt. v.. 84. Bnt I say unto yon, Swear not at aU: neither by heaven; for it Is God's throne : ' .'Nor by the earth; for it Is his footstool : neither by Jern- .salem: for It Is ths city of the mat King. But I say unto yon, Swear not at aU : neither by the heaven, tor it is the 'throne of God: nor by the earth, for It la the footstool of his feet; nor by Jerusalem, for It la the city of the great King. Matt, v., 37. But let your communication be. Yea, yea; Nay, nay; for whatsoever is more than these eometh of evil. Bnt let yonr speech be Yes, yea; Nay, nay; and whatsoever Is more than these is of the evil one. Matt. v.. 30. 'Bnt I say unto yon that ye resist not evil. Bnt I say nnto yon, Resist not him that Is evil. — Matt, v., 44. Bnt I say nnto yon, Love yonr enemies, bless them that corse yon, do good to them that hate yon, and pray for them which despltefnllynsc you, and ' persecute you; That ye may be children of wahp Vafkaptnhisli ! tn kfiAVAn But I say unto -you, Love yonr enemies, and pray for them tfiat persecute yon; that ye may be sons of yonr Father which is in heaven. Matt, v., 48. Be ye therefore perfect even as yonr Father which is in Ye therefore-shail be perfect, as yonr heavenly Fathor is per- Matt. vL. 1. ' ' . .Take heed that ye do not yonr alms hciore men. Take heed that ye do not yonr righteousness before men. Matt. Ix.. 16. 17. -. No man putteth a piece of new cloth Into a old garment; for that which is put in to fill it up taketh from tho garment, and the rent is mado worse. Noither do men put new wine into old bottles, else the bottles break, and the wine runneth ont, and the bottles perish; but they pnt now wine Into new bottles, and both are unserved. And no man putteth a pieoo of undressed cloth tq(>n an old garment; for tbat- which should fill It up taketh from the garment, and a worse rent Is made. Neither do men put new wine into old wineskins, else the skins bnrsl, and tho wine is spilled, and tho skins perish; bnt they pnt new wino Into fresh wineskins, and both are preserved. Matt. xL. 23. And thon, Capernaum, which art exalted nnto heaven, shall be brought down to helL And thon, Capernaum, ehalt thou be exalted unto heaveu ? thou shalt go down unto Hades. Matt. xlL, 81. But tho blasphemy against tho Botg Ghost shall not be forgiven nnto men. But the blasphemy against the Spirit shall not bo for given. Matt, xiv., 2. This Is John the Baptist : ho is risen from the dead; and therefore mighty works do show forth themselves in him. This is John tbe Baptist : he Is risen from the dead; and therefore do these powers work In him. Matt. xv.. 5-6. Whosoever shall say to hie father or hit mother, Jt it a gift by whatsoever thou mlgntcst bo profited by me : And hononrnot his father or his mother, he shatt be free. Thos have ye made the com mandment ofOod of none effect by your tradition. Whosoever shall say to his father or his mother, That wherewith thou mlghtest have been profited by mo Is given to Qod, he Bhall not honour bis father. And ye have mado void the Word of God becauso of your tradition. Matt, xv., 14. Let tnem aiono; tney do blind leaders of the blind. And If the blind lead the blind, twin ahall fall Inln tlia illteh Let tnem atone: tney are blind guides. And II tho blind guldo tbe blind, both shall fall IntA m. nffc. Matt zvL. 13. Whom do men uj that I the Son of man am? Who do men sty that tho Son of man la? matt. xvi. , zo. I But be turned and said nnto Peter, Get thee behind me. Satan: thou art an otrunce nnto me; for thou bivoum«.l not the things that bo of but those that he nt men. uut ne turned ana sola unto Peter, Get thee behind me, Satan; thon art a stumbling- block unto me; for thou mind- est not the things of God, but the things of men. Matt. xvL, 20. For what Is a man profited, If he shall gain the whole world. For what shall a man be pro fited, If he shall gain the whole wnrlil and fnrfalthla l!faf Matt. xviL. 15. > | Lord have mercy on my son : j for he 1s lunatic, ana sore vexed. Lord have mercy on my son : for he Is epiloptic, andauffereth grievously. Matt. xvll.. 20. Because of your unbelief. Because of yourllttle faith. An extraordinary case of identification, which might almost have been taken from the pages of a sensational novel, has been brought to light by the coroner's inquest respecting a fatal accident which occurred on the Chatham Railway, near the Crystal Palace Station, in June last One of the carriages of a passenger fell over on its side, and was. mounted by the vehicle immediately behind it From beneath the ruins was extricated the headless trunk of a boy, and a little later the severed head was found several feet distance. There was nothing by which his identity could be discovered, but in the course of their search the railway officials found in one corner of the fallen carriage a small bag containing pigeons. Suspecting that these belonged to the unfortunate boy, they tied to the leg of each of the birds' a piece of paper stating what had occurred, and then liberated them. Three hours afterwards a gentleman residing at Plumestead, several miles distant, arrived to claim the body as that of his son, the message borne by the pigeons having apprised him of the lad's death. Some of our modern novelists might obtain from this inident material for a romantic story. As people always like to read or hear about illustrious personages, we may transfer some gossip about the Duke of Cambridge from the World, particularly as it is not ill-natured. The Duke possesses a round, mellow voice, and as clear, coherent, and impressive speaker in public he has few equals. It is, perhaps, due to the fact that his father was an Englishman, that his speech is free from any touch of the foreign accent so remarkable in the Royal Family ; yet he speaks German perfectly, with out the faintest English accent When talking to two of his equerries, General Macdonald or Colonel Tyrwhitt, he always speaks in English, and to Captain Mildmay almost invariably in German. His French is also remarkably good, if hardly so perfect as his English and German ; but in whatever language he may be called upon to address an audience he never prepares his speeches, after the manner now coming generally into fashion. Agreeable at a dinner- table or in a drawing- room, he is not less at home in stubble or coppice. As cool and clear headed in a hot corner as elsewhere, he is sorely tempted by multitudinous offers of the best shooting in the country. But his prime devo tion is to his work as a military chief. As a private gentleman he administers his affairs with his own hand. As fortunes go he is not a very wealthy man for a Prince of the Blood Royal with a large family ; but he is as punctual in his payments as in his correspondence. He never lets himself owe either a letter or a shil ling. There were some important sales of pictures in London about six weeks, ago. Four, by Landseer, belonged to Mr. E. J. Coleman, for whom " The Well-bred Setters," " The Bears," and the cartoon in coloured crayons of the stag and hound were painted by Landseer. The first-named picture, which is well known, was put up with a round of applause, followed by a bid of 1000 guineas from Mr. Agnew, who became the purchaser at .£5250. ''The Bears," is also well known by the admirable engraving by the brother of the painter, and it was in the International Exhibition at Paris as well as at the Burlington House Exhibition of Landseer's works after his death. It sold for 6615. The cartoon is 6 ft by 8 ft., the stag and hound full life size, and drawn with extraordinary power. _.. It is said to have been done in three or four hours, and that Landseer received 3000 guineas for it It was sold with the copyright, and put up at 3000 guineas, falling to Mr. Thomas at 5000 guineas. The " Digging out the Otter " was left unfinished by Landseer, and according to his own suggestion, when he found the task too much for his failing hand, was finished by Mr. Millais. It measures 5 ft. by 8 ft, and was sold in Landseer's sale for £660 ios., and now, with :'vj copyright, for £z91 ios., to Mr. Saunders. 