NEWS AND NOTES The debate oh the [?]rish Land Bill has been renewed in the Commons. Mr Gladstone, in replying to the arguments of the opponents of the bill, announced that the Government in- tended to fix their fate to the measure. The appointments rendered vacant by the resigna tion of the Russian Ministers have not yet been filled up, General Iguatief being the only one who has accepted office, as Minister pf the Interior. Flesh complications hare arisen between the Porte aod : Greece respecting the frontier question. ■ ’• - ■ The Council sitting yesterday was very brief. There being no business to bring before l hoh. members the House adjourned ' immediately after assembling until to-day, / . ' / | After a few unimportant questions had been asked and replied to, the debate on the'Reform B:ll was commenced by Mr Berry, who in a moderate Bpeecb Btated the intentions of the Governmeint respecting the measure. Some of the “ ultras " gave vent to their feelings by loudly inveighing against the bill, the most notable among the malcontents being Mr Gaunson. Oiir Melbourne correspondent . writes as foUdwa last night:—” The . Corner, at present are disposed to accept the result of to-night's proceedings in the Assembly as a crushing defeat, aud are not likely to offer much further opposition.” The : Reform League (eaya our Melbourne correspondent last night) met to-day and divided,! eleven to nine, against the motion that the-Legislative Council’s amendments in the Reform Bill be disagreed -with, but a number of : members bad left before the division was taken. The Opposition, decided not to divide the ' House against the Govern ment if the Council's amendments were sub stantially agreed-with. : ; .r.: h Last! mght ;our. Melbourne :' oorreBffohdent telegraphed BS folIows:-““ i The.Goyern.or I .lias. issued instructions that’ the admiral of the 'detaohed squadron ba commuflicated with. J>y flag aignal .from, {jape Otway ihfdrming him that the Bacchants is disabled and- at Albany, in order tt) lelM it optional tvith the admiral to await her arrival before entering. Heads.” The Church of England Assembly met at the City Hall yesterday at 4 o’ojook.' At noon the sacrament was administered by the Right Rev. the Bishop of Ballarat at Christ' Church Pro-Cathedral, many of the clergyman pf the diocese being present; On the Opening 5f tho 'assembly the president read a lengthy address, in which he reviewed'the history of the year, and the .affairs and position of the ohuroh in Australia and in the diooese, It was decided that during the - eejalon the 1 assembly should meet every ,week*day, except Saturday, at half-past fl o’clock p.ul.j adjourn at fl'o’cldck: nild meht again, if necessary, , at 7 p.m.j -an'd that dt the aftSrndon iittings the otdets of the dajr shall take {Jrh&dhniili; of notice's of motion, and' that any debate in progress when the assembly adjourns at 6 shall in the . evening -be .postponed until the notices of motion have been disposed of. Reports ware read, and leave given to intro* duce several bills, and the sitting closed: ; An act of heroism that hat riot, perhaps, been" Surpassed in SallafSt for tflanj a daj>; was witnessed in Sturt street yesterday after flood, when, at the immideht risk of ■ his,life, Mr Jenkins, traveller for the Ballarat Hard ware Company, galloped forward alongside a runaway horse, and captured it. The animal, which belonged to a cabman, Mr • Hugh Patrick, had been standing quietly on the cab stand, opposite Mr Bade’s, with the nose-bag on, when the. winkers - somehow became die* arranged, whereupon the horse bolted. In an inßtant the Carryall came into Collision With the lamp post in frdUt of. the dity Mall, and was severely shattered.; The affrighted animal theii'went Up Stdrt street at a full flight, the horse-feed Bfipg if from a winnoniog-maohine, Mr Jenkins,, who happened to be coming along on horse beck at tho'time, at once started in pursuit of the runaway,' and coming up with it, dashed forward to Seize it, but the horse and carryall were going at ouch a speed that Mr Jenkins waa uhable to keep clear of the cdrryall, the abaft of which tore his clothes, dnd alko gave him some flesh Woutifls, bat fortiinateljr not of a serious character. Mr Jenkins, howeVef, manfully stuck to the fugitive until he, suc ceeded in arresting it in its headlong career/ The Carryall by this time Was much twisted and broken, involving a Itiss of £lO ot £lB to the owner, but the horse esoaped injury. , Mr Jenkihs'is a member of the Prince ol Wales 'Light Horse,.Rnd his fellow- cavaliers may.well; ;.he proud of his c'odfagSj. aa eiich bravery ; refleots oredit on the troop. Avery serious acaident. happened at the City of ■ Ballarat Company’s .claim yesterday * morning '.to a braceman, John Anderson; aged sixty, who has been in the company's claim’ for many years. At the change of the shift he wae r on, the brace, and h'afing rung the cage down to the surface, got oh the top of it to' go down. Afadrtljr aftet starling bit feet slipped; and rbe fell heavily across the aile of the “ landere" on the lower part of hia abdomen, with his.head hanging over the shaft. When released .from’ bis precarioUß position he wae found; to be . suffering from.great pain in the stomabh, and with his lower extremities quite paralysed. He was at once removed to the Hospital. On visiting the institution last night we learned that the patient was still in great pain, and the lower half of his! body still remained without Benee of feeling or motion. Nicholas Kouckey, an engine-driver at the Lone Hand claim, aged fifty-three, was taken -to the Hospital last bight suffering from the rupture of a blood vessel, occasioned by his having slipped and fallen when carrying two buckets of water, at 8 o'clock, on Monday night. He immediately began to throw up blood, and yesterday morning went to Creswick en route forStawell, where his family reside,. and. eaw Dr Tremaine at, the Hospital,-who prescribed for him. He then came on per train, and on the road the bleeding commenced again.' After consulting with Mr Stephens, the legal manager of the claim, be went to the Hospital, where Dr Owen, the resident Burgeon, : thoroughly examined him, and said there would be no danger in the patient proceeding on hie; journey, ,;He aceordingly left for the Western station; accompanied by. a friend, to’ catch the Staweli train. A telegram from Wellington reports that-the bodies 'of some of the persons'wrecked in the steamer: Tararua continue to come ashore. They are fearfully disfigured, but a few have been identified,'including 'Mrs Campbell and the purser, W. B. Jones." The offidalenqniry into,the-wrack is • proceeding. ..The general evidence shows that .no help could have been rendered from..the sea or land after, the sea rose, about boon on Friday. * The manager, of tketTaion Company, deposed that the-captain had applied for the removal of the chief offiaer, which wait to-take place on the return'of the vessel to Dunedin. • Avery painful and distressing case was, heard by the City, bench yesterday with closed 1 doorß,-in which a young and sickly woman named Lily Downing wae charged with having -concealed the birth of her child. From the medical..evidence it appeared that the poor' creature was of weak intellect, and that she was confined in a room by herself in her Bister’s house of a : stillborn male child. When-her married sister became aware of the fact she at once went for Dr Radcliffe, who testified in court that the child : had been stillborn, as proved: by a post-mortem examination made the day after its death. The bench, while compli menting the police on their action, acquitted the prisonar, holding: that no attempt at con cealment had been proved. We are pleased to be able to state that a decided improvement has taken place in Sergeant M'Farland’s condition, and sincerely bops to soon see him restored to full health/ and thoroughly ableto resume his duty as here tofore.' '' a; ; An inquest will be held at Creswick at 10 o’clock this morning on the,body of Richard Tetheroy, a miner, who sustained such serious injuries in the Lone Hand claim, Spring Hill, on the 4th instant, from a mining accident, that he expired from their effects in the Cres- wick Hospital yesterday. A most Vmalidiqns act 1 Was perpetrated/on Monday evening in Errard street. Mr Henry Dunßtan, butcher, was in his shop serving a customer! and Mrs Dunstan and baby were in- 1 the shop at the time, when some etones were ■flung violently through, tho shop window,- . narrowly endangering the lives of those inside. This was not the first time within the last few days that Mr Duostan’s place Was assailed in a like manner. There is no more inoffensive -resident than Mr Dunstan. The affair is in the hands of the police, and it is to be hoped that the perpetrators of such a malicious out rage will soon be brought to justice. ... The friends of Mr Roughen the respected master of the Benevolent Asylum, will be' ' pleased to hear; that he is rapidly recovering from his severe attack of erysipelas, \- The case of Francis Lysaght, who was. charged before the City bench yesterday with' having robbed James Morrissey of £9, at the Round Waterholes in 1874, is likely to end in a charge of perjury against the prosecutor; Mr Gaunt, who appeared for the defendant, having intimated as much to the bench, after he had in his cross-examination made the prosecutor contradict himself eevoral times; besides which, the uncorroborated evidence as to the alleged; robbery was flatly contradicted by several witnesses. The accused was discharged, his worship the mayor observing , that he: had never heard so much cross-swearing in his life. . ' The Eastern lock- up cells had only three tenants last night, Henry Tobitt, of Bridge street, charged with having assaulted and threatened to take the life' of his wife Harriet • Tobitt on . Monday night,. and who sought to have him bound over to keep the ' peace; Elizabeth M’Nair charged with vagraocy, and one man charged with drunkenness. - ' The usual weekly meeting of the Barkly street Mutual Improvement Society was held last evening; Mr J. Woolcock in the chair, and about thirty members present. Arrangements were made for the entertainment to come-off; this evening. A recitation. was given by Mr: Morris, and it being announced that no meeting would be held on the Queen's birthday, and that an essay would be given by a lady at the meeting following; the proceedings closed in the usual way. ; On Monday night last the Loyal Ballarat- Lodge, No. 30, L0.0.F., held their fortnightly meeting at the Societies’ Hall, Grenville street. The attendance wae good, a number of visiting brothers - being present, among them Br Brian, from Gippaland, N.G. Br H. Davieß presided. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. The amount of £8 13s, sick pay, was passed for payment. Among the correspondence, which was -un usually light, was the quarterly report issued by the Grand Lodge, which plainly Bhowed that the order is making rapid progress com mercially and financially.. Medical certificates were received on behalf of four young men, and the investigation committee’s report beiog favourable, they were balloted for, elected, aDd initiated. Various brothers reported that : they, had more candidates to promote, and no doubt nett lodge night will see a large number 1 nomiilated. A few energetic brotliefß are: carrying qtlt tile private assembly, to be held in tae Hall durltig the vriatef Months. Avdto of thanks was passed to ;tbe visiting bfdtHerS, who suitably responded, after which the rev ceipts of the evening (£3O 12s 6d) were read, and tbe lodge closed in the usual manner at half-past 10 o’clock. A good deal of regret waa expressed in Bal larat yesterday when it became known that a verjl bid and rtiuah tesptbted citizen, Mr Blayney Walahe, C.E., had died that rfio'roing at hia residence, Soldiers. Hill. Mr Walßbd, wb learn, waa practising his profession as a sur veyor in Ballarat so far back as 1856, a quarter of a century ago. We learn also, that Mr Walahe came to this country, from the West Indies; and that bis father Was a captain. in the rpjal navy. In the bariy days of Balla rat Mr Wa(Bhe's office Stood a little above Filsaell’s corbel, in Sturt stree’t.' Mr-Walahe was for sriiho time sdrveybr for Ballarat East, having, -as - we aro informed,; a/icceeded tho late Mr' Gwynneth at the time Mr. Jaitiei Mulholland - wae town clerk in the Eastern municipality. Mr Walahe - was appointed mining surveyor and registrar by the Hou. J. B. Humffray, who Was then in offloe. For: alohg floie pact the deceased!had been Buffer ing from hearfcdiseafie; ahd I?aa at iiifiee so ill that he became- nn'conscious,; and fell down ffl the street, hut he man'aged to atir about Until a; very Budrt time before hia deS'th. He was very well informed, and was of an exceedingly i kind and genial disposition. He was much j attached to his children, regarding them with more than ordinary parental pride and affec tion. He [eaves a widow and a numerous family to mourn their bereavement. : Tbe Black Hill school was examined for result! oil the 10th ahd 11th inatl/’and. ob tained a. good percentage. .Twbnty-fbur ptjpile passed for the certificate. Inspector BummdnS reports that the classification ie Correct. Satis factory progfetS la ahottn. ’ The'vtritten work of the aohool is neatly done; discipline good; The Western lock-up was occupied last night by one person- charged with druhken fless and a. man .named James Brady, who after sleeping at the Vine hotel on' Monday night ctfolly walked away with the blankets bClbdging tb the hotel yesterday nforniflg; but was attested and lodged in the lock-up last night. - / , .- -...j Mr Turpie, J.P., ; attended at tile ftfvn 'Police Court yeeterday, and . fined twp' persohe, ‘charged with drunkenriees/ - . . The City bench eeemed determined to /put; dowh that growing evil, the Use.of shanghais,, in the City with a strong hand, more especially as numerous complaiuta. have been made ' litfefj froth all quarters by persons more'or less-injured by these ttjbdSrfi.miniature cata pults.'. , Municipal constnble Hannigan yester day morning secured a conviction against two lads, Thomas Commons and Robert Malcolm, whom he found, with several others, shooting at birds in Errard street, ahd after a long chase succeeded in identifying/“They, were each fined iOs, or three days’imprisonment. , A;V§ry BSverb sentence. Was meted out by the City bench yesterday tb tWo young, faoye, named'Owen Jones, aged nine, and William Lacey, thirteen years, for having wrung the hecks of five pigeons, the property of David Melville,-, another lad, valued at 10s. They wets, fined respectively 10s, or twelve hours' imprisbhffietlt, and then to be sent to'the Reformatory for two years. Tb make the esse mure painful the boy Jones’ mother badlb into court; and asked the bench to send him to a reformatory as she was unable to control him. The: poor boy left the court weeping bitterly. Tbe cause of the destruction of the pigeons appeared to be' revenge, as Melville . bad given same information about Lacey pre viously. . - ... :-!•:■• It will be recollected .that Sfltde tiriie ago We i referred to an action that had been:commencedi agaiost a well- known legal firm of this city tof recover the handsome aum of no.'. less / than: •£30,C00, and .wenow learn that/tile case .has • been sent down for trial at the ensning eit-: tings.of. the Ballarat Assize Court; -The action, it will/be remembered, was instituted by Dr Griffitbs, on the ground that defendants had not'effieiently conducted bis defence . when he was on his trial for manslaughter some four or five years ago: We hear that several medical, gentlemen have been eubpoehaed to give evi dence at the trial. From what we koow, how-' ever, we infer, that .the defendants are not alarmed at the anticipated result of the case, t ... Our Smythesdale correspondent writes;—; “ The relations at present subsisting between the Roman Catholic residents of this district and 1 the -Rev. Dean Moore, of Ballarat, iwould certainly appear, not to be of the moat felici tous character just now, owing, it is alleged, to that gentleman's arbitrary conduct for some time past in connection with the part he has .taken in the church's affairs In this portion of the Ballarat diocese. I am informed to-day by a 'gentleman closely identified with the cause . that when Father Meade first came to reside iu'Smythesdale, some five years ago,-the; sum of,; £9B,was collected for the purpose, of pur chasing furniture for the priest’e residence, which ; sum at Father Meade’s request was handed over to Bishop O'Connor, who under ' took to ; provide what wsb. nscessary, . When the former gentleman was removed to Mort lake, Dean Moore’s brother was appointed his successor, and remained at Smythesdale until his death; aod was replaoad by Father Fen-' nelly, who during his brief stay in tbe district appears to have given entire satisfaction to the \- people placed under hie pastoral care. Shortly after Father Moore’B death the £9B' worth of furniture wae by tho dean's ukaae sold by auc tion, and tbe proceeds have, I am told, not been accounted for to thia day. The people are in dignant, and as Father Fennelly had the honesty and. manliness to sympathise with them as against bis superior, he has incurred \- hia wrath,-and been ordered to lsave Smythes dale with acaroely an hour's notice.” - Our: Smythesdale . correspondent writes “Mr t ThomBop, . P.M., appeared on the, Smythesdale; behch'-'to-'day' for 1 the first' time since his illness/and: dealt with some eases-in the police and warden’s courts. The worthy, magistrate, whose courteous manners and. equitable decisions have invariably given satis faction here, has, judging from appearances, completely recovered from hia late severe and protracted indisposition, and may be warmly congratulated on his return to active duty.’’ The congregation of ths Soots Church met on Monday evening to express their sympathy with their psßtor, the Rev. Charles Strong, in; view of the recent proceedings of the presby tery in connection with his article on' ths Atonement'. Resolutions to that effect were (reports the Telegraph) unanimously carried, . also expressing the gratitude of the congrega- - tion for his able teaching, and hoping that he would be long spared to continue his work among' them; ' A proposal: .was to have been' brought before the meeting to increase Mr Strong’s stipend, but, in deference to, the wish of that gentleman, the motion was hot brought forward. An assault case, Suseman v Cohen, which' excited much interest, amongst a number of friends of the belligerents, was (says the Tele graph) heard in the District Court ou Monday. ’ The: plaintiff is. in the employ .of Sagel and Wolfeman, clothiers,. of. Swariston Btreet, and the defendant ia an apprentice to the same ' firm. The . disturbance seemed te have originated through what waa considered an 'undue' interference by one or .other of the litigants with.the female handsemplbyed;in' the factory, several of whom appeared aB, witnesses. The principal elements in the case were Bpirits of jealousy and insubordination. After a patient hearing, the bench fined the' defendant 20s, with 40s costs. Referring'to the approaching Fir* Brigades’. Demonstration, the Advocate eays“ The Daylesford brigade will be well represented, and will be accompanied by the borough band. Those who intend to take part in the contests have been assiduously practising, and, barring .any unfortunate hitch on the convincing ground, they may be expected to render a fair account of themselves.” They have (says the Pleasant Creek News) got a ghost at Dunmunkle. The’ unearthly visitant disturbs a party who are dwelling near the creek and engaged in some contract work. To these it is said the shude comes- just about the time when it is customary to sit at the camp fire after the evening meal. The ghost is ..described -as having been seen by .’two. or three from different standpoints, under differ ing conditions, but the earns description is given by the witnesses, aud this in the science of ghostology ought to go a long way. The human being who ia represented is said to be a man between fifty and sixty years of age, and evidently belonged to a time now gone. He, or rather it, wears a oabbage-tree hat, -a blue • flannel jumper, the collar button unbuttoned at the throat, displaying the hirsute chest of .the old hand. The partly shaven face, the battered features, the hands twisted with labour, all mark him. as being one of the very early dwellers in the country. The men can see_ him or it from their tent moving about quite plainly; showing evidences of being restless, and. apparently wishing to do some;’ thing or get something done,. : A few/evenings ; ago one of the meo,-when; looking out at the phantom; mustered courage to Btate that if be : . or it djd not leave hs should fire his gun point blank at ilim. When delivering bis threat the plan winked; owing to the solemnity of his position; aiid his .words, add when lie looked again the shade disappeared. One thing id certain, [ Whether the thing is & ghost or not, .the ins)[i lla-M bien effectually frightened away to another camjJ. ; These Wbo know the history of that part of the bush, state that an old hand was-, murdered at or near the spot where the shade has been seen seventeen years ago. Arrangements have been made by their Honours the Judges and the legal profession Mr the distribution- of- the departments at the new iiaw Courts now in course of erection. The courts (says the Telegraph) ha+e been fully .described by us, and it Will bo remembered thattho centre of the building is occupied by the Supreme Court library, and the leading courts-are on tho four sides. The Criminal Court is On the north-east corner, and will be fitted up in sucha tosnuer that prisoners will be conducted frofa ffit ten, tor lhß dock through a subterranean! passage, ihsuod of having to paisf through the crowd of perso,, it) th 6 eoatt as at present. The north-weat coi„ er w j|j set apart ae a Banco Ootli t; The two -. entla [' courts on tho north side, betefedh the Grin* na j and the Banco Courts will be used for prius business. I The County Court wn. be situated in the south-east corner, and the rdome between it and the Criminal Court;will be occupied by the offices of the County Court. One of the courts on the central south aide will be devoted.to insolvency, aiid the other to Equity business. The remaining apartment, at the eolith-west corner, will be for a practice court. ; Sheep are known to have numefouc enemies, and, we are informed (says. the Ararat Adver tiser) by' a farmer resident on the plains, one of * the most’ implacable; at tha present time— When they have been so reduced and weakened by the long drought as to ;be alike unable.to 1 flee from danger or to repulse an-attack—is - the native companion. Its aggressive character has of late become very apparent, and consider able loss has been entailed upon somo sheep farmers in Consequence. Their point of attack is invariably the eyes, and whichever way. the unfortunate sheep turns it finds its long-legged persecutor, with outstretched wings, dancing in front of it like a fiend, with its vicioUsly snapping beak ominously close to the animal's face, the poor eheflp seldom escaping before its eyes have been gouged out, It i» difficult, to accotint for this aggressifeness oa the part of native-Companions, for as soon as theeyes have been pecked out of the sheep they eeem :tq,have no further object. It may be that an antagonistic feeling at raco has been engen dered—the indigenoue denizen resenting the; eaCroaohment of the invading emigrant, who iyear by year,drives them further'into the in terior. The birds are exceedingly , wary; and difficult to ehuot, and attempts to poison’them : hate not proved very successful. " r The good people of Geelong have apparently : been i sadly • frightened. Says the 'Geelong ’ Times: — 11 Somo consternation was earned.to the residents ’along the eastern beacll on Friday evening last, by: the .tactics of a large’ rakish-looking steamer which come through the channel, steamed into the bay a few miles, and then suddenly. turned round and steamed on again. This singular behaviour attraoted much attention, it being thought by some that another Ferret case wbb on the boards. Subse quent enquiry, however, proved the steamer to be none-other than the well-known You Yang, which had been ordered to discharge her Cargo of coals at this port. Oh her way up the bay efad Wao met by the Edina and ordered on to Melbourne. , / . . : The following is (sayß the Qeetong Jdtertiser) a copy ot a letter received by Mr W. Stirling, of Winchelsea,,with regard to the.agitation for: a proper inspection of the coal resources of the distrioti—“Office of Mines and Water Supply.—Referring to the request of Mr O’Hea, •M.P, for Polwarth and: South Grenville, that an examination, in aearoh for coal, be made of the country , near Wihcbelsea, I beg to point out" that repeated geological examinations already made have all tended to prove that the. prevailing rock formation from near Win- Chelsea to liontit Bay is masozoic (carbons* ccoub), like that of Cape Patterson and Western Port, and likely to contain coal seamß. I do not ase that fuff her onrface examination Will serve any good. purpose, ot add materially to’ the information already in hand. It it be desired I to search for gold in the district the beet way will be. to bore for it, and when.that is-determined on, a brief examination, to select suitable sites, : would be all that would be necessary. (Signed) ResinaED A.F. Moxbay, Geological Surveyor."- On the Queen’s Birthday a review of the metropolitan aud suburban forces will be held . at Fisherman's Bend, which has been selected - in preference to the usual place; Albert Park, as it affords more, room, and the ground is more suitable, for military, evolutions. . The men will (says the assemble in the; forenoon,and at .12 .o'clock,the"usual /ea tie, joie will be fired at-the same moment as the. salute ’will be fired from ,tha Prince’s Bridge .’ battery. The men" will'then be dismissed for; luncheon, :whicbi ."will, occupy, about an hour,. The remainder of the afternoon” will be devoted: to : drill and field’ manoeuvres of different kinds. . The .detailed orders will be- issued from headquarters... to-morrow., The country: troops will not take-part in the display, but the Mount Alexander battalion;-which consists of the Sandhurst, Castlemaihe, Maldon, Kyne ton, and Malmabury rifles, will parade at Sand hurst under the command of Colonel Bull.! , ' A telegram to the Argus on Monday states that the RoyaL hotel, one of the first houses of any size erected at Qaeehßcliff about twenty! seven years-ago, was-burned to-the. ground early on that morning. The fire is supposed to have originated in the .vicinity, of the bar, and’ cannot be accounted for by the lessee, Mrs Wood, as when they retired to bed everything appeared safe. At abouta quarter to 2 in tbe morning the head master of the State school, who resides opposite to the hotel, heard a crackling noise, and upon raising ;hia bedroom window observed the. flames bursting through the bar windows.. He at ence gave the alarm to the occupants of the hotel, and then rang. the alarm bell at the telegraph station,-,which brought a,number of willing hands upon the' scene, who at once set to work and reineved a quantity of valuable furniture and stores out of the hotel before the fire had taken too strong a hold upon the building, after which— : for want of appliances—they had, to.,remain passive spectators of the destruction of the hotel. The building was insured in t he United Australian Mutual Fire Immrauee Company (Limited) to the extent of £3ooo,and the furniture and stock- in-trade in the . Victorian for £l2OO. . The saved furniture and spirits are being placed under cover by one of the local agents, and the surveyors are expected down to-morrow. ; ’ . Last Sunday,- in St. George’s Church, East' St. Kilda,’ the Bev. J. L. Rentonl announced (reports the Argus) an act of noble generosity. A gentleman cunnected with that congregation has offered to pay £2OOO (with the correspond ing interest) towards wiping off the £lOOO .of debt which still rests upon them through the building of their handeome new church, on condition that the remaining £2OOO be raised within two or three.years. This generous offer has already been heartily-responded to, several gentlemen having volunteered donations. |lt. is certain that, within much leas than the time stipulated, this church, built so recently at a cost of between £9OOO and.£lo,ooo, will be 'entirely free from liability. ' : The Dunolly Express reports that the Rev. ,J. Walker, .of Ballarat, at the Congregational Church on Monday night, delivered a lecture entitled “ Sketches from’ the lives of a blind poet and deaf traveller." Owing,-no doubt, to' the very Bhort notice given, the ’ attendance was not numerous, the church beiDg about 1 half full. The lecturer gave a chatty com mentary on the. lives of the poet Milton and Dr, Kitto, add succeeded in retaining tbe interest of : his audience throughout, being ever aud anon encouraged by the hearty applause of-his audience. At the close of the lecture a very hearty vote at thank was accorded the lecturer.’ The Rev. J. W. Lawson occupied the chair; aud members of the Dunolly Musical Society (nnder the leadership of Mr B. Hill) rendered some anthems in good style. A vote of thanks to the chairman and choir, and the benediction, brought the meeting to a close. Should Mr Walker again visit Dunolly, a more numerous audience will, we are sure, greet, him. Commenting on Mr Berry’s speech at^ the banquet given to Mr Munro, the Argus writes:, —"While expressing his intention to accept - the bill aa it stands,, with such modifications , as he can get the Council to agree to, Mr Berry telle ui that it will settle nothing, and that the reform agitation must go . on until the ideal form on which he has set his heart has been adopted. This apparently is one of those rhetorical flights in which the hon. gentleman frequently indulges. It is hardly logical, how ever, for him to say that the agitation must go on almost in the same breath in which he virtually tells us that he is putting a period .to it in obedience to the unanimous wish of the country. Unless he ie 80 completely carried away by bis feelings as to be incapable of calm thought, be must see that, however;mucl» lie might desire to.’keep the reform game alive,-it ~jg out of hia'power to dq so. Those who’haye to earn a living by honest labour—unlike thorn who disport themselves in the flowery paths of poli'ics—are heartily sick and weary o£ un. profitable strife which diminishes the reward of their toll, So disgusted are they, that wo doubt whether, in their present frame of mind, they would respond to the wildest on most tempting appeal ever addressed by fervid politicians to human passion or cupidity. They are anxious that the Council’s offers should bo accepted, not with a view to take a fresk de parture in the quest after abstract perfection, but in order that they may have peace an& .quietness, practical legislation, and material pro gress." V So great are .the ravages of the rabbits fix some dietricts (writes the Geelong Advertiser), that a few of the Western district shire coun cils purpose asking the Government to supply them With the phosphorus and wheat. These in turn will be given to every landowner adjoining Crown lands, who will be supposed; to take all power in ridding those places infested nearest to his own holding,-for his own benefit. This action is considered necss eary, as up to the present time the Govern ment have not taken any steps towards the suppression of the rabbits on Crown lands between Geelong and Warrnambool, 