; ISE HAUNTED HOUSE At the foot of tho Cevennes, near Alby, standeaniinonB country house, suironnded by the ssnudnB of a magnificent garden, -whose tank luxuriance has covered walk and flowerJied; creeping in viney tendrils over broken entile and statues j choking the channels of the mountain spring that fed the mountain sides. ,15£e desolation surrounding everything seems as much the work of neglect as time. There had been a fire in the turret, though wind and rain had blown and washed away its traces till the broken roof and shattered rafters looked scarcely blacker than the damp-stained walls of the "ia.in building. Solitude and deser tion- had hastened decay, and given np the "once beautiful chateau to the bats and owls- Hard by it is the hamlet of Beanvais but between it and the rain lives Pierre Boncour, an honest wool dealer, who carries his merchandise over the mountain road to Narbonne, after shearing time ; leaving his pretty wife Elise to watch for his return, or console herself by chatting with little Nina, her maid, about her baby's rosy cheeks and dimples. One day in autumn weather Elise had other business on hand; the country round about waslungularly pictureaqueiand lovely, and tonrists often found their way to Madame Boncour's nice covered porch to beg a rest and lodging ; bnt on this particular occasion there was a demand on her hospitality she scarcely found her self eqnal to, and she stood conrtesying and Bmiling, yet looking perturbed and ill at ease in the presence of three yonng travellers, who begged permission to remain aU night, that they might see the ruinsinthespLendonr of the foil moon, and sketch the scene nnder the tender mellow light- Two were artists; one a wanderer at his own pleasure, and all iu gay epirits, and sufficiently well provided in money, since they made no stint in offering large payment for the required accommodation. " It is' not that I donbtyour liberality," said -the -pretty Elise, blushing; "yon are very good ; yet ours is but a cottage, and a plain one, and my husband has gone to see a merchant in Narbonne." "Yes, yes," said Duval, the spokes man of the party, " we see ; yon fir we may be too gay and boisterous; bnt it is not so, I assure yon. We met at Alby, and hearing there of the haunted 1 ' ch&teau;, determined to visit it. All along the way we have been in the most solemn mood, discussing only ghosts and goblins, and yon will find us the gravest and quietest of guests." Madame Boncour smiled still more, yet lost none of her disturbance of manner. " It is not that I object to good spirits. Ah, no ; but I have already received a — a person .aged and week, but once a soldier. Messieurs, von will foreive me if I fear that my poor place will scarcely serve yon alL He came first, and the poor and distressed man claims my pro tection." Duprez, the youngest and merriest of the three, on this, advanced, and, assur ing the young woman that they re quired only a plain meal and a place, to sit in, gained admittance ; declaring that he honoured the goodness of heart that made their hostess so loyal to her first guest, in spite of poverty and affliction. Madame Boncour, having once received the strangers, put aside all objection, and made them at home, though she pointed to a door leading from the main apartment to an inner room, as if to convey the idea of secrecy, while she arranged chairs for the company. "A poor soldier," said Duval, " is the guest of his nation. Madame, it tells well for your loyalt < that you have given him the best, and makes what remains doubly pleasant to us." "Ah, as to that," said the good woman, "let me not deceive you ; this person, though curiously dressed in a bygone fashion, has gold, and is not averse to using it freely. He paid well for the privilege of remaining here in quiet — perfect quiet; be was particular as to that ; and when I called him poor and distressed, it was not of bodily want I spoke." She had carried on her conversation in a whisper ; and still pointing towards the door, and nodding a great many times to intimate that it wonld be well to maintain that subdued tone, she went away to prepare sapper. When she retained to lay the cloth, she found the trio on the happiest terms, and -nil intent on the evening's adventure. " He sleeps," she said, in allnsion to her elder guest, whom she had evidently viewed from some secret place of espial. "He is exhausted from the travel, and veiy, veiy weak, poor soul!" and she sighed as she set the dishes in order. " And- how abont the ghost at the ch&teau;, madam e," cried Dnval, gayly. " Our cariosity Is excited beyond endur ance by the different versions of the story we received-at the inb, and ve beg you to set us right" ,3fcdame Bonconr looked flattered at the request. " " I will tell yon the tale as I had it from my . mother," she began, " thongh I cannot hope to give it the grgceor interest .her words carried, for she was a beautifol narrator : bnt I will do my best." And she set her cap in order, smiling modestly. " Beanvais belonged always to the de Beauvaie, who lived in the chateau since the memory of any one in Alby. They were a noble family; very proud, and fond of the display and eplendourof court life; so Bcanyais only saw them for the hunting. season, and the" steward who managed the grounds, and the notary who collected the rents knew mora of the country -"bouse than its owners. My great-grand-mother lived -as maid with old Madame de Beanvais until the favourite valet of Monsieur Rupert; the young gentleman, married her, and then she settled in the village. Madame de BeJavaiwras more ambitions than her son ; be loved his- people, and wonld have been content to stay among them ; bnt his mother found him a bride in a great lady of the court — a favourite of the queen — who could not endore such dulness and seclusion. " After the birth of twin daughters she went back to Paris, never to see the chateaqagain, and there she lived grandly till toe-Sevolution came and the frightful guillotine cat short her splendour. Poor Monsieor Rapert .1 Why itbey should have sacrificed him too, who was always the ftjgndjqfhis people the villageteconld not tell, and so they monrned for him ; and every one felt sad for his white- haired mother, when, after yean had passed and the days olpeaceaad the Consulate came, she returned to the old home where her boy had played when he was the bright faced darling - of the village. "My grandmother was a girl then, and she went;. as her mother bad. done before her, to be maid to the young ladies of Beauvaie, the twin beauties, who were now its heiresses. "One was fur, the other veryjlark. The blonde Hfifane was cold and "proud like her queenly mother whose name she bore. The brunette, sweet Dfisirfie, her father's counterpart, possessed his nature, and seemed all gentle life and beaming gaiety. H£lt!ne was her grandmother's favourite. Although people had said it had broken her heart to lose her eon by such a frightful death — and it certainly changed her appearance by making her hair snow white—she preferred to lavish her pride and fondness on the one who least resembled him ; leaving D&itee;, his second self, to be the darling of the tenantry, as her father used to be. " Madame de Beanvais had risked her life for the sake of both children. Her daughter in- law, a staunch aristocrat, tempted death in her adherence to royalty, aod her hnBband followed her to the scaffold iu his fotile efforts to save her. Helens and Dfair6e were in confinement when their grandmother, in the disguise of a conntiy woman, gained access to them by bribing their keeper, and with in domitable courage and endurance won her way to sea, and so got them safely off to England. " There they lived in obscure poverty, andHfillne being the stronger of the two, learned to make plaster figures and sell them for their bread. "My grandmother thought, that the memory of this time of trial and coarse experience increased the haughtiness of the beantifnl blonde when restored to the wealth and power from which she had been so painfully estranged. She cer tainly was a proud beanty, since every one knew her by the' title ; and her imperious way with her Admirers gave her the reputation of heartlessness — though it did not seem to lessen her charm among them. " D£sir£s was all sweetness and childish gaiety ; people loved her as soon as they looked at her : bnt H&Iene;'e beanty and lofty grace compelled admiration even where her coldness stifled affection. "They did not go to conrb The Republic had no attractions for the daughters of royalists ; yet they had lovers. And Beanvais was a gay place in the season ; the fltes, and drives, and balls, and hunting parties, all attended by good company, such as its mistress bad the art to draw together and make Helene its queen. " In the village lived a man called Provost; a notary, and madame'a best adviser in all business points. He had oeen laitnnu to tne iamiiy interests in the past ; had protected the chateau by courage and strategy combined, in the terrible days when an armed mob marched, carrying desolation in its path, from Marseilles to Alby. " His son Armand, a handsome fellow, had gone to England with papers and means of retorn for the exiled family, and, after rendering them all necessary assistance, had remained behind, travel ling and enlarging his experience by sights in the new conntiy. " As soon as he reappeared in Beanvais, my grandmother noticed a chango in Mademoiselle Hfilene ; prouder and colder than before, she became infinitely more capricious, with as many moods as there were hoars in the day. Often she wonld ride out the queen of a gay party of devoted cavaliers and ladies, the leading spirit of mirth and adventure ; but, meeting on the way Armand Provost, and receiving from him a distantly re spectful salutation, would lose her merri ment, and become thoughtful and dis traught, so that the whole gaiety of the . company wonld be eclipsed aB by ' a sadden cloud. " One hoar she wonld encourage, the next reject a suitor ; and had she not been beantifnl beyond compare, and an heiress too. she fmerhfc ftavA fnnnd honuhlf deserted. As it was, her caprice only stimulated her admiration, and she was flattered and sned to by them alL " Sweet Desirfie was no coquette. She gave her heart to a young count who sought her hand. At the marriage settle ment a grand entertainment was held at Beanvais, and the old count, her lover's' father, brought a train of gentlemen with him that made it like a court. That night my grandmother found ont a secret she never forgot to her dying day. The upper garden was lighted with coloured lamps, and there was dancing in the great pavilion ; all the maids had permission to look on after sapper, and she had told her lover he might meet her at the outer gate, and have a peep at the magnificent scene. The chateau stands on terraces, you must know, messieurs, and has an inner garden and a lawn.-; Outside of this is a stone wall, with 'ornamental stairs and pillared porches, and then below are beantifnl grounds and fonu tuns, with shrubberies and groves and flowery hedges, that used to be famous all the conntiy round for their' luxuriant beanty. It was through the path leading to one of these entrances my grandmother glided as softly as .she could, and slipping past gronps of loiter ers, all unseen, went down the stone steps to where a myrtle grove bordered a splashing fountain. Above the falling nf the water she heard a passionate - plead ing voice, and so she cronched in, hiding in the shadow of the stone balus trade ; not meaning to listen, messieurs, yon know, bnt merely beinganxioufl to avoid detection. "It was Armand Provost who spoke. And, as the guessed from the tone, it was of love ; and for his heart be pleaded. " He always' seemed something far beyond the people of the village, although he-lived among them ; and a handsomer man had never stepped -inside the chapel than the notary's son. So, as she heard the beantifnl, fervent words he ottered, it made her own heart melt in pity, and gjjgwished it might have been her lot to mak? him happy. . > (i He seemed to be prostrate at the feet his idol; aod yet, though he abased himself before her, there ares, faint hope in Jus wild prayer. «« It cannot be,' he said, 'that any one inspiring snch devotion remains uncon8on8 it wholly. I have adored you silently, yet felt tbere wag jp voice in my dnmb worship yon could not forego, that told yon of a slave who threw Joe life in t£e way dost at your feet, ana was content to lire or die, as yon might will it.' \- "This was the way he pleaded. After an instant's silence came a busting sob 'for his reply— a sob that seemed to rend the heart it came from; and by the sound she -knew it was Mademoiselle Hilene, the prond, cold beauty of Bean vais, who listened to the notary's son,. " My grandmother was paralysed with amazement ; but Arnand seemed to find another meaning in the answer. Softly -she rose above the . atone rail. of the stair, and, scarcely breathing, peeped over. Then . she. was petrified; and, losing all fear of discovery in her astonishment, -remained staring, till at a rustle of the bonghB she dived again beneath the shadow of the balustrade, and drew a long, deep breath. " Armand stood close beside her under the shining leaves, and Mademoiselle HfilSne, subdued and tearful, lay in his arms receiving caresses. "I have, told you that the blonde beauty of Beauvais was capricious. You will not be surprised, then, when I go on 'to ielate that while "my "grandmother, flattered and palpitating, could not deride whether to go back or forward, her mis tress burst Bnddenly into a torrent of self-reproaches ; saying that she was a mad idiot, and many other frantic words. Then Hinging off her lover's entreating hands in passionate pride and frenzy, she fled np the steps, unconscious of her maid's presence, and deaf to Armand's. prayers. The next moment, Mademoi selle Hrieoe was dancing with an Italian -prince, the most distinguished gnest that Beanvais ever bad received, and old Madame de -Beanvais' determined choice for her fair niece's husband. "After, that night my grandmother held a secret key that opened evety mys tery in her young mistress's conduct. " Before this time the twin-Bisters had occupied a snite of rooms in the centre of the ch&teau; but, even while the guests remained, Hfifane claimed two smaller chambers in the turret, and removed thither. Then she got materials and set to work privately at the old oc cupation at' which she had wrought, when but a child, in London, she was forced to take a woman's part io life. " No one knew what she was doing ; even from my grandmother she carefully hid away the thing at which she laboured. AU -day-long she was -the gayest figure on the lawn, dancing and leading games and jests as she had never done before; so that people changed their minds about her. pride, and said she really was as good and charming as her sister Dcsiree. "Her grandmother seemed quite en chanted, and began to smile again as she had. never done since the terrible days in Paris. The ambition of her life was near its fulfilment. Dfirirto was already betrothed to a noble, and the foreign prince was only waiting for an opportu- mlw&a; Inn kta ti&la; Lj KIaaa's 'faaf Mil IJ M MOJf UIQ UUC at UwlCiiC O |6Vlh " It came in a curious way, and gave my grandmother some trouble. She was devoted to Mademoiselle Heiene, despite her prond reserve, and the lady trusted her entirely, as you will see. "'You must go to the notary's for me, Christine,' she said to her. ' It is some question of our family history I wonld know ; and his son can search it ont more readily than his father, being the cleverer of the two, tbey tell me. What is his name! Ah, yes; Armand. Well tell Armand I want to see him abont some business before he goes away.'" Goes away. Mademoiselle P "'Yes,' cried Mademoiselle Hfileoe, impatiently. ' I merely speak of what I have heard.' "So Armand received the message and came, and the lady met him at the side entrance and took him into a little room under her chamber in the turret, and closed the door. Of coarse my grandmother desired to know the subject of the interview; she had a tender heart and felt for the yonng lawyer ; bnt her mistress did not mean that she shonld have the .opportunity. No -sooner did she return from Beanvais than she sent hex to trim crooks with ribbons for a masquerade of shepherds to be held npon the lawn that night " 'Twas time to dress her mistress when the task was done, and so she ran to do it, hoping to find something linger ing in her face to tell the feeling with which she bad parted from Armand. "She was not in her chamber, and she went below to find her. There she stayed with her lover still, bat in each a strange fashion that it made my grand- mother pause and wonder. "The notary's son was sleeping heavily, hiB head fallen on the table beside which he sat, and Mademoiselle' Heleae bent over him, busily fitting a mask of white clay to his features. Two glasses,- one with wine scarcely tasted, the other frilly drained, stood on a tray ;1 and when she saw She had accomplished what she strove to do, and that the mask was suited to her wish, she caught the glass and swallowed the drink hastily, as if she needed strength. "The expression of her face warned my-grandmotoer she had bettor retire. She tried to dose the door noiselessly and do so, but seeing her lady 8'oop and' pasrionatriy kiss the unconsrions face whose copy she had taken, the peasant girl was wise enough to fly, leaving her mistress keeper of.her secret. " Justjbelow she met the prince coming to -find HHene, and being confused, gave him snch . varying answers . that he declared he would find her for himself. " Fearing some enconnter, she tried to stay him, bnt foiling, followed till they came, to- the entrance of -Jthe chateau where she had brought Armand that morning. "There stood Armand, half' stupefied, and graspbg-Jta carved stone of the doorway for support; whilst Hfilene, pale and strangely excited, tried to push him' forth, urging him in a frantic whis per tobegone, - - - " ! . , J ; "Something in her appearance gave the prince the impression that the com mon fellow had been insolent to her, so he draw-Jus sword and struck him violently. Armand fell without a word — it was my grandmother who screamed, and so made an uproar that brought the guests to the spot. \- "When they came; the notary's son was already raised, and by the aid of the prince's valet borne away, while the prini himself, supporting Mademoiselle HQfene, whispered his love -to her, and ardently besought her to be calm ngain.; "The little scene and its important' tdiqg.was . all Hie .tonne among the eueets that night; but HfilSne kept her chamber; and robbed toe tote of half ite briniuuy. Whatever wm toe esnse her BedaBion, she kept it secret, and if ill, received no help "from any. My grandmother, being anxious, . . watched and saw that toe light burned all night within her chamber, and that her ehadow moved about across the curtain. "The next day the company went away, and, strange to say, the prince went with them, leaving his beautiful betrothed, who accepted him only on this condition ; that for a year she held her freedom undisturbed, and ifj when that time ended, he shonld still desire to claim her, she should await his coming. " Every one in the village knew that Armand Frovost had gone from Bean vais : my grandmother knew it best of all, for she had heard him tell her mis tress, by the myrtles, that he would come again within the year if life were spared him, -and a name worthy to offer her could be snatched out of death's jaws ; and yet one night toe had a ter rible fright through seeing him, as she supposed, in the turret, in a little room, of which her mistress kept the key, and which by a strange chance was this night left unlocked. There he sat, his head leant over and his hair thrown back, leaving bis . beantifnl forehead bare and cold in the soft moonlight 'Trembling, the girl drew nearer, recognising every feature, till snddenly she started to behold her mistress lying on the ground before her; clasping it with her arms ; and then toe knew the figure to be fashioned out of colonred day, and saw that mademoiselle, thongh proud and cold was an idolater. "This is very sad, messieurs. My mother told me that when her mother repeated the stoiy she would often weep as she recalled the prone form of the lofty lady, and remembered the dreary days and nights so spent in penance for her pride. "Desirto wedded and went to Nor mandy. Old Madame de Beauvaie Beemed content, and shortly after the marriage died very quietly, and was laid in the chapel where all her race, except her darling son, had been buried. Her sister wished to come and bear Bfiltoe company in her loneliness ; but she re fused, and the months went by until the year expired, and the prince came from Italy to claim her. " My grandmother saw that something terrible oppressed .her lady's mind as the time shortened, and a watchful agony kept her eyes fostened on the road — not the way people come from Marseilles, bnt Paris — for ber titled lover came unheralded from the sea, while she watched for the city, to which Armand had gone to join the army. " She met her betrothed quietly ; and he found her more marvellously beautiful in mourning than in gay attire, and told her so ; and many other raptnrons things that gave her no delight ; for when my errand mother would no to dress her to receive him, she wonld always find her in the secret chamber with her image. At last the .day came before the one on which she had promised to receive the Italian as her husband. She had purposely delayed the coming of the guests till the last moment, and shut herself from the sight of every one that long, long day. " With her eyes strained northward on the Paris road, she sat within her turret room, and when twilight was come she closed the curtain and shut herself np with her image. " My grandmother until that night had slept in the small chamber just across the passage from her mistress, bnt was peremptorily commanded by the lady to go into the main building and occupy the bedroom where they used to rest before the night Armand spoke his love nnder the myrtles. " When they parted mademoiselle was fnlly dressed, and wonld not accept her j service, saying she meant to walk awhile, and then return and go to rest when she felt sleepy. " The maid watched from her window and saw her wander down among the myrtles near the fountain, and after some time come again and go up to her chamber. There was no light, and so she thought, ' Poor lady, she is wearied and will sleep.' " It was near morning when ehe woke to a horrible nproar, and found the house in flames. "A wild confusion reigned supreme, and no one knew where the fire began, or how it spread nntil the peasants from their homes in the eorrounding fields discovered it was in the turret only, and did their best to save it " They worked like giants, and carried a perfect' flood of water from the main roof to the tower, so that the greedy flame was stayed at last. And, heartsick, with dread, they mounted ladders trembling against charred and smoking beams, to look for Mademoiselle HfilSne, whom no one bad seen since the alarm. "Ah, gentlemen, it was terrible : they fonnd the clay figure discoloured, bat perfect ; bnt the beanty of Beauvais was in ashes.. My grandmother said she had chosen that 'death to preserve her pride, by carrying -the proof of her weakness ont of the world with her. Bat it re mained ; and now its ghost is seen on the deBerted turret — it is seen where once it used to stand, and at hie feet a suppliant lies, the shadow of the beautiful being who formed it as a monument of the folly j of her prida" "And we can see this, Madame Bon cour ?" cried Evremond. "Listen, .Du- prez and Dnval ; ft is something to have . snch a story verified." " Assuredly, monsieur ; others have done so, and why not you. Bnt yon most not forget onr compact. Eat yonr sapper quietly — here is Nina bringing it — and then rest till the moon rises, and you can see Beanvais in frill beanty " " Ah, yon may be tranquil, madnme ; we will -not forget yonr poor soldier, but promise to take our meal and express our .ghostly criticism qnietly, thanking yon heartily for yonr story." They had began to do so, when toe broke in npon them in .something of ex citement, crying : " Is it not mysterious! oar soldier is goria He was so weak he could scarcely totter when he came, and -touched my heart with pity for his help less age." " I heard 3 stir -while you were speak ing," said EvremOnd, who was nearest the door. " Is there any egress from the chamber 1" " ' . , "To be sure— the window opening on jthe porch ; but, it's so strange.; so very, strange!" ' ' The travellers were less lively in their interest in the old man. ' . Beiqgljitent on , todr own midnigh t adventure, tbey re- sumed -their discussion on the ghost mo"; earnestly, being now unchecked by the: dread of disturbing the sick soldier. - As soon aB toe moon began to.rise they; were on their way-taod, -after following the road for a few. rods, -strnck into a; grass-grown carriage path that wound over a' rising ground to the great gate of the chateau, whose hinge being broken, stood always ajar. ' Their feet sink deep in the rank grass' and weeds as they stole along, depressed: by ..the nature of their expedition into a strangely solemn sense of. toe desolate, decay aronnd them. The marble of the -steps was broken and had crumbled in places, so that tbey tripped, and then started with beating hearts at the sound they made in standi-, ling. Suddenly they paused ; here was the fountain dry as Bummer dost, and here toe myrtles, choked with poisonous vines, dank with the night dew. The stairway rose beneath the orna- mental entrance to the upper terrace at their side; and Evremond whispered; "Tbisis toe spot at which the notary's son met her." " AnA there is toe turret with its broken roof and charred rafters," said DnvaL . " And what is that at the window !" cried .Dnprez, in a different voice. The two first were simply hashed and serioas, the lest was alarmed and awe-struck. All looked up, and there in the win dow, clearly defined against the moGOlit sky, stood, forth a moving figure. " Come, let as go," cried Duval ; and planning headlong through the wet shrubbery; he drove the rusty gate aside, ana. was out in the open country and away from the ghostly influence of Bean vais before he spoke again. His com panions, whether influenced by their own feaiB or. his example, followed him. " I do not sketch," said Evremond, " but !, shonld prefer to take my next view of Beanvais by Snnlight." Madame Boncour was not surprised at their early" refuro. ''She was' so highly pleased to add another evidence to the gbos ly reputation of the place of which she was so prond, that she kept them describing the sceDe over and over again. By and by it grew sufficient to explain their own feara, of -which they had at first been inclined to feel ashamed ; aod tbey went to rest, with something less of cowardice than they had been conscious of 011 their return. Tbey slept late next day, and on awakening found, their breakfast prepared, though Nina alone presided over it. Madame Boncour had been summoned to the village early, Nina said, and was there still. While they yet lingered over their meal she returned. Her face was soleniD, her manner subdued and even tearfuL " Mestienrs," she said, " I have now a seqnel to my story ; the ghost of Bean vais is complete. The poor soldier I lodged was Armand Provost, returned from Barca after being carried thence from Egypt thirty years ago, and held in slavery by the Turks. He heard' me narrating to yon the history of his heart, and went to the turret of Beanvais to close it there.- It was his figure yon recognised last night amongst the -broken timbers where the lady kept his image. Had yon remained longer yon might have saccoured him :wben. he -fell" " Ah 1" cried Duval, springing to his feet, " did he then- fall from such a height i Good heavens, what a shock to , so old and worn a frame." - -"Let ns go, we' may assist him even now," exclaimed the kind Duprez. "His moans were heard by the children who take the sheep to the hills," said Madame Boncour. "There are some of the Provosts Btill .left at Beanvais ; he will be well attended." " Bnt we can speak to him !" " No, Monsieur ; I told yon the story was complete. Armand Provost died at sunrise in the- ruins of Mademoiselle HGene's turret." 