The Advertiser TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1881. MR. CHAPLIN, M.P. for Mid-Lincolnshire, is one of the almost extinct school of thorough-Paced British protectionists. He scorns the half-and-half name of reciprocity, and from his place in the House of Com. mone denounces free trade as "the old thre&-leg cripple." Though he was signally defeated the other day in his motion to prohibit the importation of live meat into England because of the pre valence of foot-and-mouth disease, he was succeasful in drawing some very important statements from Mr. Matthew Arnold and Mr. Mundella; and the portion of the speech of the Vice-President of the Council -which referred to the cattle trade of Australia and its possible extension is of great interest to these colonies. The Cattle Diseases Act of 1878, bj which animals coming from ports scheduled as infected -were ordered to be slaughtered at the place of landing, has admittedly been productive of good, and in the end of 1879 the whole of Britain was comparatively free from cattle disease. For nine months thla practical immunity continued, but in the autumn of 1880 foot-and-mouth disease broke out in the north of Fiance, and in spite of all precautions was shortly after wards introduced into England, where it made great ravages. There cannot be a doubt, from the figures adduced by Mr. Chaplia and partially admitted by Govern ment, that foot-and-mouth disease has been greatly prevalent during the last winter on ffagKq*' farms. Mr. Chaplin stated that between October and March there had been 5?166 outbreaks affecting 131,280 animals; that there had been 193 infected areas in thirty* counties in England and two in Wales; and he estimated the direct loss to the fanner at not less than a million or a million and a half sterling. Mr. Mundella did not seriously dispute the correctness of these figures, but he pointed out that the disease was gradually dying oat of itself without resorting to un duly restrictive measures, for while three months before the debate the number of attacks had been 25G in the week, they had fallen in a gradually decreasing ratio till they stood at fifty-five. This, though unfortunate for those whose cattle axe affected, does not rise to the height of a national calamity; for, adopt whatever restrictive policy Go vernment may, it has been found prac tically impossible anywhere to stamp the disease altogether out; and when it is re membered that there are over 30,000,000 head of live stock in England and Wales alone, thenguresquotedbyMr.Chaplinshow that less than one-third of one per cent, have been even slightly attacked. Mr. Chaplin's motion went the length of pro posing that "as the recent outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease had been entirely caused by the importation of diseased animals from abroad," and as it had been "proved by experience that com pulsory slaughter on landing does not afford security against the in troduction of contagious cattle diseases from foreign countries," the landing of foreign live cattle should be absolutely prevented from all countries where infection was known to exist. Mr. Chaplin traced the outbreak in England and Wales to the epidemic in the north of France, which may probably be true, but which has not been proved; and having at tempted to prove that foot-and-mouth disease was not indigenous to the British Idee, he tried to establish the still more doubtful proposition that the prohibition of such large quantities of cattle as are now weekly imported into England would not really, and in the long run, increase the price of butcher meat in the market to the consumer. Mr. Matthew Arnold, who had been twitted beforehand with being the repre sentative of & constituency possessing the largest dead meat market in the north of Fjigiiwid, and therefore unlikely "to agree to any proposition that agriculturists might make to pre Tent disease," or which might diminish the success of the Salford market, of which his constituents were bo proud, controverted the statements and arguments of Mr. Chaplin and his seconder, Mr. Egerton. He quoted the valuable opinion of Professor Brpwa, who had failed to transmit the virus of foot-and-mouth disease to certain animals under bis care, who itated distinctly that the disease in question had been brought into England at a time when the importation ef cattle was prohi bited, and who believed that it had so thoroughly naturalized itself in the land that — importation or no im portation—absolute immunity from it could not again be enjoyed. It became therefore, a question of degree and expedi ency, and die balance of argument was decidedly against curtailing the food sup plies of the people if milder measures could be almost as effective. Other speakers took part in the debate, but the speech of the day was that of Mr. Mundella, more for the valuable facts and suggestions it contained than for the arguments by which he sought to sustain the refusal of the Government to depart from the legislation which the Con servative party, and notably Mr. Chaplin, approved of in 1878. Asking the House to consider what would be the effect of so ■weeping a proposal on the food supplies of the country} the vice-president of the Council pointed out that with regard to imports from America alone "from a million sterling their value had risen to £7,800,000, and within the year they had now risen to £10,240,000." Both in quality and in quantity had there been improvement, for whereas "instead of reckoning three cattle to the ton as was formerly done, they now reckoned two to the ton, and frequently found themselves under estimating." The effect therefore, if Mr. Chaplin's motion were successful, would be that the country would be de prived of from 10 to 13 per cent, of its meat supplies; and as it is a maxim, in political economy that immediately the supply falls short of the demand, even to a Email extent, the price rises out of all pro portion to the difference, the result would be increase in the price of food, followed by diminution of employ ment and of the power of the working classes to purchase the comforts and necessaries of life. The Government are not prepared to incur this risk even that they may pose in the attitude of the fanners' friend. Such a course would raise the price of meat about 2d. per lb. all over the country; and in London, where 49 per cent, of all the meat consumed is foreign, it would practically debar the poorer classes from butcher's meat except as an occa sional luxury. Very wisely, therefore, the Government opposed the sweeping motion of Mr. Chaplin, and contents itself with increasing its vigilance at the ports of debarkation, in order that diseased animals may not be admitted into the country, and that these whose duty it is to inspect and handle suspected animals may not transmit the contagion to healthy stock through their clothes or otherwise. Very humorously Mr. Mundella described the process through which Mr. Chaplin or any enquiring friend would have to pass if their researches led them to the cattle pens of Deptford or other places of debarkation where the rules and regulations were enforced. First he would have to exchange hie ordinary gar menrs^or a regulation smock-frock. Next, if he went to the blocks where the sus pected cattle were kept separate from the healthy," he would afterwards have to go into a chamber, where he would be sub jected to the action of sulphurous names which would cleanse him as pure as the ghost of Hamlet's father; and further, before he escaped he would be whitewashed and treated with chloride-of-lime. This it appears is the process adopted with those whose business calls them to handle diseased cattle, and it would seem to be as effective &s; fallible men can make it, unless admission of foreign cattle were absolutely prohibited to a " hungry people clamoring for food." Mr. Mundella also hinted that a time might come when the importations of dead meat would be co satisfactory as to extent and quality thmt live cattle would almost entirely cease to be imported; and in fore, casting the future of the meat supplies of England he made some remarks which our colonists would do well to lay to heart. Premising that nothing which the House of Commons could do would effect much in tfa* way of encouraging supply, he •bowed how the very losses *nd un certainties in the live meat trade would urge breeden and importers to call in the aids of science to perfect apparatus for delivering dead meat in marketable con dition. To import American cattle alive, it seems, costs 2d. per Ib.; to import them in carcass would only cost fd. The in surance on lire cattle crossing the Atlantic has risen from 5i to 10 per cent, and last year out of 150,000 cattle sent aver from America more than 7,000 were lost, most of them having been thrown overboard on the passage. This risk and loss is enough to stimulate invention to perfect means for bringing dead meat to market ac fresh and wholesome as newly killed ; and in this trade Australia, which from distance cannot compete with America in the live cattle trade, ought to have its share. What Mr. Mundella said about these colonies we give in extenso. " There was another field besides America. In Australia the price of meat was only nominal. The population was 3,000,000; we had 33,000,000. For^our 30,000,000 we own 0,900,000 head of cattle and 32,000,000 of ebeep; for their 3,000,000 they own 7,800,000 head of cattle and nearly 70,000,000 of sheep. These people were making •normous efforts to send their meat to England, and were spending large sums of money in order to accomplish it. The success of that importation (two cargoes have already come) depended on private enterprise and the development of science, but when it did begin he believed the quan tity {would be something tremendous." Evidently, then, the English people are looking forward to the day when, as the Fall Mall Gazette says, ''Science may render it possible for inhabitants in the Midlands to dine off the fresh and juicy joints of animals slaughtered in the heart of the Australian Bush." In the solution of this problem our colonists may fc?pe to find fresh industries and great profits. When Mr. Gladetone returned to power the fear was expressed pretty generally that the new Cabinet would at once create confusion in the foreign relations of England by undoing the work accomplished by the Beaconefield Government, and re fusing to carry out treaties entered into with other Powers. It was supposed that there would be an immediate and -violent reversal of the foreign policy of England, so that all the expenditure and the bold frost that Britain had shown against schemes of European aggran disement would be wasted, and the greatest empire in the world would quickly recede into the humiliating position into which Mr. Gladstone had dragged her yean before. Such gloomy vaticinations were repudiated by the present Premier, who said England must carry out her engagements with, foreign Powers, and could not destroy con fidence in her wisdom, and honesty by up eetticg all that she had pledged herself to do. He held that a new Government must accept the woik of its predecessor as accomplished and to be maintained, though he would not pursue the same course in future as the Conservatives had done. To this effect, during the election campaign, spoke other Liberal leaders who afterwards became members of the Glad stone Cabinet. Doubtless multitudes of persons, jealous of the honor of England, were relieved by these assurances, though they might be anxious with regard to the future bearing of the British Government towards other Powers, and fear that the advent of Gladstone to office would be the signal for England's enemies to offer her rebuff after rebuff, and affront after affront. The great danger, it was thought, of the craven foreign policy that distinguishes all Mr. Gladstone's administrations, would be that British interests would be attacked and British susceptibilities wounded till the nation could endure the disgrace no longer, and would be dragged into a great war that would have been avoided by the exercise of firmness and boldness such as that displayed by Beaconefield or Palmerston. These fears are in a fair way of being fully realised. Not only has Britain entirely forfeited the premier posi tion she occupied in the councils of Europe a year ago, but in South Africa the Imperial Government has acted ■with pusillanimity, and with the grossest treachery to loyal subjects and allies. The Ministry have proved entirely false to their declarations that they would accept the en gagements of their predecessors as binding upon them, for all who relied upon British honor in the Transvaal have been basely betrayed and left to the tender mercies of those who are their enemies simply because they are the friends of England. We must go back at least for centuries to find so foul a blot upon the escutcheon of Eng land, and deeply as every patriot must resent the disgrace that has been brought upon his country, his just anger will be surpassed by the apprehension of what is to follow. In the Transvaal Mr. Gladstone has taught two horrible and degrading lessons, from which rebellious subjects of Britain all the world over may profit. He has let it be understood that what the British Government will not grant to merely discontented petitioners, it will grant when those petitioners appear with arms in their hands, and have slaughtered a few hundred British soldiers. The other lesson is that loyal subjects in a disturbed British territory have nothing to hope from British courage and honor; they had better join in the first insurrectionary movement, otherwise the British Govern ment after suffering a few slight reverses in the field will desert and abandon them to the revenge of the victorious rebels who, caring nothing for wordy English remon strances or sham treaties, will harass and despoil them, drive them from the country, or murder them. The consequences of the infamous treaty of peace in the Transvaal do not end in that country. All over South Africa Englishmen are oppressed with a feeling of shame, while a large proportion of the Dutch colonists are talking- treason and sedition. The Boers are already slaughtering the loyal natives, and are pre paring for war against the little inter ference with their affairs the British Go vernment still claims to exercise. The re lations between Dutch and English in the Cape Colony are becoming more and more strained, and in the exasperated state of their feelings are, it is to be feared, the smouldering fires that will burst into flames of a tremendous civil war. Should such a calamity arise, upon the Gladstone Government and the maudlin and ill-informed philanthropists to Whose withes they deferred wiU^rest the guilt of all the suffering and bloodshed that euch a contest will produce. While this is the state of things ia Africa, what is to be observed else where? France, heedless of British remonstrances, knowing that with a Gladstone at the head of affairs they mean nothing, has reduced Tunis to vassalage, and run the risk of a European embroilment —a danger that never would have been in curred had not England been deposed by her Government from the position in the councils of Europe eheoccupledabout twelve, months ago. In another quarter, however, the interests of England are more directly attacked, and an evidently studied affront is offered to her by Russia. The Bi&cons; field Government knew that Russia was platting in Cabul si^ainst British inflaance in Afghanistan and British rule in India, and demanded of the Ameer that he should rtcei\e a British mia3ion in hia capital. War followed, and the Muscovite conspi racy was fully proved and completely exptxtd. Mr. Gladstone has made peace with the present Ameer without requiiiq.' him to receive a British Resident in Culul, and now the Czar is sending a a ttiffcxn to that city ostensibly to make a treaty of commerce with Afghanistan and felicitate the Ameer on the withdrawal of the Biitish forces from the country. Mus covite diplomacy aud tactics are too wall undeistooJ to allow of there being any mis understanding as to what this means. Primarily it sigmtiee that the new Czar "knows that while the present Ministry rules tlie lirhish Empire he can venture upon acts of hostility and insult bis father dare not undertake while Earl Beaconsfield was at thd head of affairs. This is the worst feature of English foreign politics. The craven school are doing their best to teach the world that under Conservative rule tbe British lion is dangerous, but that with a Gladstone to manage him he is as harmless as a poodle. Next will come a & gieat revulsion of national feeling is the United Kingdom, and the just wrath and indignation of the people wiil hurry the nation into a war that would sever have arisen had not the peace at any price party assiduously endea ve-red to make the world believe that the British nation accepted these detestable principles. It is to be hoped that the true liberals will learn the necessity at sepa rating themselves from the noisy and hysterical section of politicians who'cannot appreciate the tremendous responsibilities of Britain towards herself, her vast empire, and to the world, or understand that weak ness or timidity in her dealings with those who are hostile to her power or jealous of The BMA Kasbgar, with the English mails on beard, arrived at Gknelg tram Galls ! ob Monday, at 11.46 sun. She experienced rough weather during the greater portionother voyage, wliisfa bad the eflM of greatiyretarding her speed. Amengtttha passengers far Adelaide wen Dr. and Mn. Sterling. Che ateamer made a> stay of four and a half boon, during which abedHdKM«edabratUO«oiHof caago, and she left for Melbourne shortly after 4.15 pjn. Out telegrams state that the Bey of Took, **-*?-—mil Bi fladnk. is protest- Ing against the validity el the Fraoco-TonUian treaty agreed to last week on the ground that ha signed it under pee—are. Xhe Tarkjih Go vernment have also ia ao official ■lajnnnwl declared that the Bey of Tunis had ao authority te conclude a treaty with France without first ftfTnifilt" 1^ the Rultan as suserain. A Minis terial crisis hsaoecntred at BonMLneaaafontid by the upset of affair* in Tunis, and King Humbert bai nommMiiifid Rywr Bella te iixiimUiint ***? Cabinet. Particulars are given by oat Kiiurston eorrespoDoVent in a telegram appearing'else where of s> dastardly **«^ murderous attack made on a trooper by a man in hia charge near Kingston on Monday. It appear* that Trooper Pearee had arrested a man named Bobert John ston on a charge of supplying intoxicating liquor to tile blacks. Bath man were riding to- ECtfeer, bat when they had gone for about two ■riles the prisoner alighted fnm bis horse and refmcd to prooesd any further. On the threat of the handcuffs, however, he agreed to pro ceed quietly. While the trooper was remount ing die prisoner attacked him with a large knife, stabbing him in the back, and in defending hnsseU Pearee got bis hand* tasked about ao fziahifally that he was not able to make aay use mi hia revolver. Ths wietcfa fallowed up hw first aataolt by stabbing the trocper in various pirts of the body, and Bade a wound in the abdomen, oat of which the bowels of the unfortunate Pesree protruded. Tbe trooper then fell in a state of exhaustion, hia horse waa cet adrift, aod he was left te die co the road had not beip come to him. foe miscreant waa at a later itage cleverly captured by Strgeaet Morris, and ia now in safe custody, lending hia trial. It is bettered that there is little chaaee of Pearee recovering, and bia de poritioni have been taken and read over to the prisoner, who has made no statement The entries for the Queen's Birthday Kace Meeting, whies were reoeired on Monday, May 18, will ac found in our supplement. Meiers. Stilling & Co. have been informed ' by wire that tke Ouzso left Plymouth on Saturday, May 14, with 180 tons cargo for Ade laide, scd 295 passengers for Aosizalia, The Postmaster-General (Mr. G. Told, CM.O ) bas received the following telegram, dated Albany, May 15. 3 pjn.-H.aLS. B*> ebante, with the Prince of Wales's eons oa board, pus in here with rodder disabled. Tne vessel parted from the squadron on night of the The Collector of Customs at Port Ade laide received the following telegram from Ktngw-wte, Kangaroo Island, on Monday mom ing. May 19:~ " Wreckage on north cout; pro bably deck load of she Experiment When all likely to come ashore is secured will advise you fully." The Rev. W. Kelynack, DJ)., delivered a lecture at the Piric-stoeet Wesleyan Ohureh on ■The aid botna,and whatlsaw there." There was a very large attendanoe. The^ev. J.B.Stephan •Ob cecupied the chair. At the dose of the lecture a collection was made in aid of the Wcsleyan Hcme Miauon. The following is a record of the rainfall be tween 0 ajn. on Saturday and the same hoar an Monday;— Bdithburgb -. 0130 PenoU... „. 0353 Cape?ord* ... 0140 Millioent ™ 0-400 OspeJerrif ... 0010 B«aehport ... 1170 Bobe ... ™ 0&10 C.Hrthmberiand 0-830 lite work of compiling the results of the recent census of the colony is nearly finished. tart evening the returns showerf a total of 276,571, which is the population of the whole pro vim, exekarite of she Far North poUae districts, and a?y are estunatel to eootain a thonwn^ penons, so that our population may be roughly tteted at 177^00. In concecUon with the Weslejan Geceral Cooferenoe a meeting on bebaU of Sundaj-sebool work will be held under the awpiees of toe Kent Town Oirooit Sunday sebool Union, in the Sent Town Wesleyan Cboreh (his evening. A tea meeting will pre cede .be pvblie meetiagtand the Uttec wiU be presided over by Dr.Waogh (president of the General Oonfersoce). An extraordinary meeting of the Alkcrton Meat Preserving Company was held at Mr. J. T. TumbuU's offioe, Oarrie-ftreet, on McDday afternoon, May 10, for she purpose of considering the prupiiely of winding up the ecmpaxiy. The Bon. H. Scott, KX.O_ occapied the chair. It was decided that the company should be wound up, and Mr. TurnbuU was appointed liquidator, his remuneration beins tud at £60. " There have been splendid rains in the neigktorbood of Hookina during the Last week," aa;a the Fort Avgtuta JXtpatch, in its latest iatup, " and the crops are coming up in a war ttat gladdens the hearts of tne new settlers. There Las been a larger area of nsw land broken up 4a -ng the last few rconths, and the present sea?on will have a great effect on the future agricultural position of the North." The Full Court eat on Monday, when the adjourned application at the tn«anof of Aicbdtaco? piarrjat for an injunction to re strain Messrs H. B Downer, R. D. O'Halloran, siid Vt. Moore from acting as governors of St. Peter's College, and an order in the nature of a wmndamui direethig the board of Governors to preened with the election of three governors in their stead, was proceeded with, and adjourned till Wednesday next. 'Jhe fifth day of the Weslevan General Oonttnnae, Monday. May 16, was spent in a eoLtuiuation of the review of the Foreign Mis sion work. It was resolved not to -'—■'— the claim ef aba society on the London committee to make up say de&eieney; that migfat arise in tf! efnf^- *«*>lutian was alsodisu??Miifa thereltef of the widows and children of toe B*va. 3. B. and /. Armitaga, who perufaed v the Tararua. The '■"■Mitit fl* the other nwrnbera of Conference who ware in the iU*fl^*J-ln^w were I<!s orted *? •* "«W«?aT provided for. The consideration of the proposal waa pestpsoad. An ad ioumed meetinsr of the representa tives of mas* of the Ufa Assuiauuo <fempames dokg Uuilness tm Sootih Amteatia was hfidon MonSsy, May 16, at the offieeof Mr. J.O.Mirin*, vrajinatrt?-stsset. Mr. Mins> amMedTlt waarefolvedtfast the naaie of the assoeiaKra be "the life Aavuraaes fioeietias Association ofBoada\na«nKla." The draft constitution was •deptrd wttfa certain ssaeMmnuts. aad tne fet kviigcfQosrswtre anpoiatod:—Prerideut,Mr. J. O. Minns; treasurer, Mr. T. B. Buy ; eecrs tary, Mr. F. Gardner. An apology for non attendance was received from the Hon. Henry Seott.MX.o. | " The proposed withdrawal of common- j age righto is so many of the Sooth-East hun dreds occasion*," states the Border Watch, "great dissatisfaction among those interested, and it is proposod to hold meetings at Mount Gsmbier, P«nola, and Narraeoorte, to consider what action shall be taken to iadnoe the Com missioner of Crown Lands to alter his decision in the matter. We are assured by several stockowners that If the commonage is sum marily withdrawn it will cause them very serious inconvenience and lons. We have no doubt a fair representation of the facts of the cs*e will cauze the Gemmisioner to modify his views." Another dispute has arisen in connection with the Government dockyard at Port Ade laide. Captain Hay, the superintendent, re oeutly discharged four laborers on the ground that work was slack and fewer hands would meet present requirements. The men, who were old hands, complained of being dismissed when there were others in the yard compara tively new to the work whose servioes they eon aidered sbonld be dispensed with first. Although none of those turned out were amongst the recently loeked-ont men, yet the committee of the latter have taken the matter up, and four of their number will wait npon the Marine Board this nrorning to lay it before them, with the view of getting the men reinstated. The Mayor of Port Adelaide (Sir. H. W. Thomson, J.P.) has, in accordance with a requisition signed by twenty-nine ratepayers, convened a public meeting to be held at the Fort Xown Hall on Wednesday evening, May 18, to consider ttie action of the corporation with reference to the Moss Baraett case. It will be remembered that Mr. Moss Baraett fell down a hole in a footpath in St. Vincent-street, and alleged that he reoeived considerable injory thereby. He claimed £150 damages from the council in the Local Court, and gained a verdict for £50. At a special meeting the council re solved to appeal against the magistrates deci sion in the Supreme Court, and it is this action that has called forth the requisition. The Areas Bxprett complaint of the arrangements in connection wish she running of tha trains on the northern lines:—'The first regular train," it states, "earns through from Terowie, in connection with the Adelaide train, on Thursday evening. A post-office van if now attached to the train, but in what way it will farititatn the mails we do not understand, since the same time is consumed as before. It still take* five days for a letter to be dispatched to AdeTaids and an answer to be written and re ceived in basinets hoars. The evening tain from Adelaide stops at tha Borra at BJO p.nu, %hn« affording n* opportunity of *rf tirhing the morning train from Terowie to Port Pirie at bJCO am. Xhns (hare is only one despatch of mail* from Adelaide to the North." A meeting of the Myrtle Lodge. No. 16 1.0.G.T, was held in their lodge-room, Fart Adelaide, on Monday, May 1, when the DG.W.O.T. Bro. Mitchell, assisted by Br. Barton as G.WJL, installed the following officers for the quarter:—W.OX, Bro. Themp son; W.T.T-, Sister Ford; WJS, Bro. J. Mewett; W-F.^T, Bro. Henley; W.T, Bro. Hounslow; W.O, Bro. Oast. Inglis; "W.al., Sister H. Mewatt; WJJJL, Bro. Edwards; WAG, Bro. Chambers; WJt.H.3., Sister Inglis; W.r.HR, Sister Ash wood; P.W.OT., Bro. J. Ashwood. She lodge is still making uiugress in the oause of temperance, ten mam bes having been admitted into the lodge daring the quarter, and there being a good balance in the hands of the treasurer. The many friends of Mr. David Kennedy* tbe well-known Scottish vocalist, whose profes aional visits to **?« colony, accompanied by his clever family, are remembered with pleasure, will regret to ls«m that he has been called opon to sustain a most seven bereavement by the bumisgof the theatre at Nice, of which parti ealaza have already appeared in then ">'"-?« Three ■embers of his family, namely, fawns Kennedy, aged 2S, Kate Kennedy, aged IS, and LizsM Kennedy, aged 17, who wore studying at Nice under Signer Eamperti, were in the theatre when the oatastronhe occurred, and the whole of them unfortunately perished. The paper from wbieh the above particulars an taken states that the deceased were all of great promise as artists. The monthly meeting of the Forest Board was held on Monday, when a more than ordinary amount of b—ine— was dene. A great deal of time was taken up in the dissuasion of a complaint made by the conservator of forests ■gainst the forester at Woolundnnga, became of his overbearing conduct to his subordinates. It was ultimately decided to leave the matter in tie hands of the conservator, who did not desire the dismteal of tha forester. The «on cervator's application for authority to spend £I,lBllos^ the amount he estimated would be required for tke quarter ending August SO, was granted. The South-Bastera reserve* were stated by the conservator to be in a generally aatisfaetmy state, the results obtained at the Mount Gambier reserve being especially grati fying. At the meeting of the City Council on Monday a letter was received from the Chief Secretary, who has interested himself in the floating of the corporation loan in London re cently, enclosing a cheque for 4834 Bs. (ML. which represented the actual profit made by the corporation above the full amount of £30,900 which they had previously received. The Mayor referred to the very satisfactory result of the council's venture, and said it was a happy thing for them that they had not accepted the £80 tender which was received in Adelaide. He aleo pointed ont that a saving of five months* interest, equal to £OCO, had been effected, besides the actual profit, and this was an addi tic&al; louree of satisfaction. A vote of thanks was parsed to the Chief Secretary for the ser vices he had rendered the council in connection with the floating of the loan. The construction of the Torrens Dam is fast approaching completion, and the results which have so long been desired by Adelatdeans will shortly be brought about. Anna> n month or six weeks' acoording to present expectations, will see the present rather unsightly lied of the river Torrens hidden by a broad sheet of water, and a few more weeks only will elapse before aquatic sports will be all the rage amongit the youth of the city. From Mr. Ohamier's report read at the meeting of the City Council on Monday it would appear that it is hoped the i whole of the concreting work: will be completed at the end of this month, and the conservation of the water can then commence. The city surveyor has taken steps to have the bed of the river cleared by the end of the month, and every means will be used to divert any impure drainage which may at present now into the river. The weather cannot inflnfuma the pro gress of the work to any serious extent, and there is *"?**""g to interfere with the completion of the structure. Mr. Anthony Nesbit, F.C.S. of London, tas made a discovery by wbieh bank frauds by j means of manipulated cheques are rendered I E ?xt to impossible. It is well known that clever forgers are expert chemists, and are able to use certain liquids, so that every portion of the writ ing upon a cheque can beobfiterated, and thai, by leaving the signature untouched, a genuine cheque fcr a few pounds can be skilfully altered into one for so many thousands. Mr. Nesbit i has patented an invention by which cheques are I printed in two colon, and whatever solvent is employed by the forger to effect his purpose, one of the two colors will disappear, in which case the cheque will be so disfigtued as to be no i longer presentable. Any attempt to mutilate the body of a cheque would defeat its own pur- ! pose, and thus Mr. Nettrifa invention may be ac cepted as an invaluable safeguard against this kind of fraud. Such beiig the case, bankers a?d commercial men generally should not fee slow to avail themselves of such an important discovery. It may be mentioned that Mr. Arttenj Nesbit is a nephew of Mr. EL P. Nesbit* sen, of this city. A lively discussion took place at the City Council meeting on Monday in connection with Councillor King's motion for r^ri^'ig the re eotation arrived at in reference to the allocation of the funds. The complaint of the North Ade laide councillors was that their wards bad not beta fairly dealt with, and that the councillors for tee southern wards had combined to outvote them in this matter. Councillor King men tioned that if the council persisted iv their pre sent line of concoct towardsNortu Adelaide the residents in that portion of the municipality would, he was informed, endeavor te obtain a separation from the city and form a separate corporation. He thought this would be unde sirable, and urged that the council insteidof insisting that mosey sbonld he spent where it was collected should deal with works on their merits. It was denied by the other council lors that there was any agreement on their part to outvote the North AHai.;*^ councillors or to act unfairly, and they contended that North Adelaide bid received more than its proper pro portion of the allocation. The motion was lo«t, the four North ah^i?M« councillors standing alone. A letter has been received from Mount Browne, bearing date April 23, by a gentleman in Adelaide, which gives some items of interest. Tbe writer states that there have been two rashes lately, one about six miles from Depot Glen, and tbe other about 80 miles from Mill parinka in a north-easterly direction. There are a great many note bottomed with very poor prospects of nee gold, quite different bom Mount Browne gold. Provisions are very scarce, a?d very dear; in fact, there is little else but beef and brand*/. A quarte reef has been discovered twelve mile* from tbe Glen bearing gold, but it is a very small leader, and not properly do vetaced just now. The writer saw a piece of the stone which weighed about a pound, sod wbteb when crashed yielded four grate* of gold. 4be weather had been- very hot ri d clcody, threatening rain, which had not come when the letter was written. A great many men have been suffering from sickness of one kind or another. There is some vary good gold still being got in the Four-mile, Mount Browne. Provisions are rather scaroe at the Mount, but there are some close at hand. The prices are—Beef, 5d.; flour, 5d.; sugar, Bd.; and everything ebe in proportion. The country consists of a strata of rook intermixed with quarts and slate. One hole has been bottomed at 75 feet without any wash, and two others are now down over 40 feet, and are not yet bot tomed. The little rush round the hill at Mount Browne is a duffer. Captain T. E. Creer, who has for many years been in the employ of the Buro Steamship Oompaxy, in oommand of the steamer Euro, and has made himself very popular in the Port Pirie trade, was on Monday morning. May 16, made the recipient of an address and a nandsome signet ring from the members of his ship's 00-n -pany. Captain Creer, owing to the steamer which he has commanded for so many yeira, being chartered for another trade, is now in command of the steamer Emu belonging to the same company. The presentation was made on the quarterdeck of the Emu by the chief officer (Mr. Scott), and the chief engineer (Mr. Smith), who acted on behalf of tbe ship's company. The address was as follows: — " It is with feelings of regret that circumstances have occurred that necessitate the Euro going into another trade and your removal from the eonmand. We hope, therefore, that trade will improve and that you will soon be in command again. We feel that we should not be doing you justice if we allowed you to part from us without some acknowledgment of the esteem in which you were held by the offioers and crew for tbe general kindness and sterling qualities which we have observed in you; also the attention and interest yen havealivays taken in the ship generally. The present we make yon is not of much intrinsic value, and we hope.you wOl not look upon it as soon, but that it may recall some at the very happy times we have had together. On behalf of the offioers and crew of the as. Euro accept this ring as a token of our regret and esteem for you, and we earnestly hope that success acd prosperity may ever attend yon in your future career through life." Captain Oreer suitably acknowledged the gift. "Anglo-Australian," •writing in the Evropeax Mail of April 8, says:—" Tha address of Mr. Morgan, the Chief Secretary of Soath Australia, to the electors is a bold and straight forward avowal that he is prepared to pursue a progressive policy. The scheme pnt forward is a bold one, but it has the merit of ""n*?tiiTfr?g ! tbe elements of sneooss if only tbe electors will back it up. Mr. Morgan has evidently thought the questions with which he deals well out, and be baa come to the conclusion that if South Australia is to progress it most be on broad and liberal fanes of policy. He baa two very good e-ramplps of bow and how not to progress on the bordenof higownoalony.andhehat'very wisely elected to follow in the steps of the parent colony, so that protectionist Victoria will br and-fey be wedged into a comer. South Aus tralia cannot have too much light, and I am very glad to conclude that the state of public fffilmc in that colony is such as to give the Premier good hopes of tbe sueoess of bis policy. Tbe proverb has it that there is wisdom in a multitude of counsellors, while we ail re member that there is another which says some thing •bout too many cooks; bat if good is likely to come of the proposal to increase the members of the Legislative Council to twenty four, by all means add to that respectable and intelligent branch of the Legislature to that extent. For the present, however, it may .be thought that the existing somber will be sufficient for all prartwal purposes, and that they may be made to Beet the existing wants without inputting die «^t^ i ffcipj %l.^ colony "p mfa? m wmj^*^ *?l districts. The proposavhowever, to give power ' to the Governor, in tbe event of a disagreement between the Council and the goose of Assembly, to declare vacant the scats of one-half of the members on the next dissolution of the latter body is a wise one, having in view the evila which ! have resulted in a sister colony teas* dead- j kicks. I am, of: course,glad to see Mr. Korean endorsing my views in respect of the faOaey of adopting protective duties insoloaies psoanatog only raw materials Of eouM it is open to a colony so situated to import expeuivemaehisery arid to Mt aboutmanufs^tin^gflannelsTtweadX and the like; but the wisdom of such a oourae may be doubted when tbe raw material can be •old to mare advantage in foreign markets, and the articles required for consumption can be imported at a cheaper rate, if a free trade policy obtains, then they can be made in tiie colonies. The proposal, therefore, to remit £80000 of the Customs duties on those articles principally affecting agriculturists is one which wBl con mend itoclt to the bulk of the voters, and it may be ihoped that the colony to a man will stand by the Premier in in?Mnj the reforms he has pnt forward, and consent to the imposition of a tax ou all property, whether real or personal, above£3ooin value. In that event an impKtant ttep will have bets gained at a very cheap rate, for one halfpenny in the pound is bnt a very email sum to pay far such imman«« advantages as must aocrne to the colony from those reform*. Then, with regard to extending the railway via Port Darwin to a point on the KewSoutb Wales border, there can be no doubt that than are lots of KngTiwh capitalists who would be glad to advance the money on die authority of the : South Australian Parliament. lam glad that Mr. Morgan has not forgotten the northern dis tricta, and that he contemplates turning this territory to account. The reference, however, to free emigration is not so hopeful asoould be wished, because it indicates. Oat sufficient heed is not paid to the fact that the beet of our labor is finding its way to the United States, where it is felt to engender power and influence. However, South Australia is the best judge of its own affairs in matters of this kind. Still, one may Dot be blamed for wishing her to build up and to make tbe best of her resources by turning them to profitable account." A deputation will wait upon the Trea surer to-day to protest against the contem plated removal of the hoik from Gleaelg. Anniversary tea and public meetings in connection with theKorwood Baptist Oaurch are to be held this evening. There was a capital attendance at the Theatre Royal on Monday evening, when " Tambour Major" was successfully repeated. The annual eesaon of the Synod of the Church of England in tbe diocese of Adelaide will be opened at St. Peter's Cathedral this momi?g, at half-hast 11 o'clock, when the holy communion will be administered. Mr. Allison left Adelaide by the South Aubti&lian; on Saturday for Melbourne to select additional members of bis oompany for the new dramatic season, which is to open when. " Tam bour Major" has run its course. Ac amateur musical society, the object of which in the practice of the worts of HWnHal, Mosart, Haydn, Mendelssohn, and other great masters, baa been formed by Mr. H. B. Stanson. Tbe first reheactai will take place at tbe Ohrist ebnrch Schoolroom, North Aftt l?ifl? J on Monday evening, June 6. A musical and literary entertainment in connectien with the Beacon Light Juvenile Temple, No. 6, LO.G.T., was held in the City Mission Hall, Light-square, on Monday evening, may 16. There was a large attendance, and Mr. E. McCarthy occupied tbe chair. After a chorus by the juveniles a number of children gaveshort addresses on the good to be obtained from total abktinenae. Ibis was followed by a "waxworks" exhibition, the figures being represented by children, who were dressed as various cele brities. Several popular songs by little children added greatly to the evening's enjoyment. Profesaer J. H. Pepper has arranged to deliver under the auspices of the Chamber of Manufactures three popular science lectures in the Albert Hall, German Club- house, Pirie street; the first en Thursday, May 18, and the others on May S* and June 2 respectively. The subjects chosen by the professor are light, heat, and electricity. The subject ot the first lecture is ** Light." the special object of the chamber is to provide cheap scientific entertainments for the workjos; classes, and the terms ot ">"iwi> arecuchasto nlaos these lectures within to* reach of everyone. It is to be hoped that the pi ejected course of lectures will be largely patro nised by both sexes, as it is not often that sueu en opportunity is offered of hearing science expounded by so abU a teacher as Professor Ptpper. A coLcert in aid of the orphans of the Lite Charles Molnnis, of Port Adelaide, was given in the Port Town Hall on Moaday evening, May IS, under the auspices of Court Conoord, A.0.F., of which deceased was a member. The hall was well filled, the proceeds, after all ex penses were allowed for, being about £30. sir. I>. Bowwr, M.P., preeidoa. The programme was a very attractive one, mauy of the best amateurs at Adelaide and the Port having charitably con sented to give their services. Five of those who fofn< promised to assist did not put ie an appear ance, but their absence was not felt, owing to their places being creditably filled by the other members of the company. Those who tookpart in the concert were Messrs. T. Narroway, J. H. McKeohnle,J. Bennett, O. F. V. Bainaford, J. Bowen, J. W. Vemon, W. Turner, B. Ohmao, J.aodW.BelL The orchestra ot the Adelaide Harmonic Society, under the leadership of Mr. C. Oawtherne, also materially assisted to make the affair a suoeess. The object for which the cc&cert; was given is well deserving of sympathy, Mr. and Mrs. Mclnnes having died within a few dajs of each other, leaving their five children without any means of support. tJsT Mr. James H. Parr wishes to call specia attention to his Bale This Day, hi the OldKx change, King William-street, Adelaide, at 2 West Nairn*, which has been laid oat in eon vcnleLt-aised Allotments, and situate dose to the Name Batlway swraiinns. Alas, in tbe in •olvcntestai? of John T..Hartshorn, Properties at Bawden —Bee advertisements. $ 