THEATRE ROYAL. 'HAMLET' The advent of a new Hamlet in the person of Mr. D. H. HarUns was witnessed by a fairly representative gathering of playgoers at the Ttuwtre Rmal on Satnrdav ntsht. A moat cordial welcome was given him, and calls after every act' and freqnent applause made it mani fest that the audience followed the perfornunse with appreciative interest. Concerning Shak ?peare'a great mystical creation hardly two opinions are alike. A mass of literature exists wherein the salient points which make Ham'et what each of ns imagines him to be are con sidered and discussed. Yet the many questions raised remain unsettled. There has been no consentientcy regarding tbe positive meaning and intention; iio absolute penetration of the arcanum; no authoritative decree; no fijil agreement When, then, any actor endeavours to realize sucb a multitudinous conception as is Hamlet— familiar to all, yet nngrasped by all — it is only possible for him to pirtially sithfy so universally diversified a figuration. Donbtless he is the beat impersonator who can fulSl mist intellectually demanded condition!. The ideal Hamlet remains u in the mind's eye,' and can never be physically attained. These facts must be duly weighed whenever a fresh attempt to enact. the hysterical Dane comes before our notice, and, rightly apprehended, should be credited the actor in proportion as his enieavo-or is loja), reverent, modest, discreet, and consis tent. Mr. Hirkins apparently has a perfectly clear idea of the Hamlet whi-h his mental consciousness evolves from the text, and spares no personal endeavour to place this Hamlet bodily before his audiences. The reaiing it a rational acd even noble one ; but the practical execution — the transferring of this image from the mind to the stage— is nnevenly done, in parts moat admirable, in parts most faulty. In outward SDDesrance Mr. Hsrkins'* Hamlet is conventional, but in action and delivery tradition is to a great extent dis carded. We hear no stilted declamation, no theatrical mispronunciations, no harrowiog bass growls, no measured gasps. For tbe most put Hamlet's words ate fiven ifter a naturally conversational - ion, yet with proper regard for the opaqni du thidtre. In tbe first interview with Horatio, Bernardo, and Marcellns, the gracioas courtesy to inferiors which is insisted on as a leading feature in Hamlet's disposition was at ones tpparent. Then we noticed that every word received sucb due emphasis as rendered its meaning unmistakable ; that the text became Bssily understood because, aa delivered, the out come of intelligent study. Tbe last scene of tbe first act was finely done where, after the Ghost' a exit, Hamlet sets down on tablets ' That ose may smile, and smile, and be a villain,' and suDsequentlj compels Horatio and Mar ecllus to swear eternal secresy. Here everything was appropriate, pregnant, and suggestive. Then, in the second act, when Polonius fatuously vexes tbe Prince, and Bosencrani and Guilden stem vainly strive to sound bis purposes, Mr. Harkina never misconstrued a single pas sage, dealt lightly in sarcasm and rujally with the magnificent phrases iu which Hamlet describes how of late all mirth hu been lent to him, and apostrophizes that * paragon of animals' — man. Very nttural and pleasant, too, was the interview with the plajera, and tbe kinoly upholding of their pro fession. Hamlet's' Follow that lord, and look you mock him not,' bad a ring of genuine irouy. In the opening scene of the third act Mr. Harkins adopts the view that Hamlet is aware Claudius and Polonius have set Ophelia upon him, and are listening without. This he makes persistently obvious, anting all tbe ' Go to a nunnery' scene at the King. There is much divergence of opinion respect ing the right presentment of this celebrated episode, but, by dealing with it as be does, Mr. Harkins obtains warrant for the almost violent mode in which he addresses Ophelia. The Mliloquy, ' To be or not to be,' and the ' ad n'ce to the players,' were free from all robnt tjuusness, and every whit of tbeir deep 'igoification was plainly manifest as Mr. Karkins delivered them. In the subsequent onvermtion with Horatio, and more par ticularly in the passage beginning 'Since ny dear soul was mistress of her :hoice,' much earnestness and passion were employed. In his anxiety to displty Hamlet's rritaole anger during the play-scene, Mr. Har (iiiS lapsed into exaggerated by-play aad !? el ure; but bis interj-otions told with im rence rffecr, and tbe following tempestuocn ratburat of ' wild and whirling words' seemed 'very way a tnitable rendering. We are dis posed to think Mr. Harkins'a version of much of the closet scene an incorrect interpretation. Sere his Hamlet iu parts bad merely the value -f a qaernlons scold, the effect ou tbe audience being simply ludicrous. During these pleadings ibd remonstrances with bis mother. Hamlet ibould be limned in all nobleness and vigour — directly eoutrasted with tbe meditative vacil lating maii of inaction whose life illustrates the words— ' What to oarmlves In pmnlon we propose. The paukn ending doth the porpose Ion.' While exchanging qnibbles with the sr«ve diggtr Mr. Harkins w»s vury matter- of-fact; bat afterwards, when coufrontiug Liertes, dis played intense feeling, and gate ice line— ' Nay, an thouit month, I'll rant u well aa them,' with a pathetic self-abandonment and exquisite modulation which seemed newly perfect. There was no leaping into tbe grave nor struggle with Laertes, departures from tbe text which, though fashionable in some quarters, have yet to he justified. The fencing bout was mosteffeitively presented. Mr. Hukins is a wonderfully fine swordsman, and bis rapier play extremely brilliant. Tbe expression of Hamlet's long- pent passion as hopelessly at last he 'swoops to his rtvenge' was well managed, but Mr. Harkins makes Hamlet's death quite a boisterous operation, and loudly vocal to the very end. Bhakspeare wrote — 'O! Idle, Horatio; The potent poison quite o'ercrews my spirit ; I cannot live to hear the news from England ; Bat 1 do prophesy the election light* On Fortinbra* : he has my dying voice : So tell him, with the occumnts, more and lets, Which have solicited.— Tbe rest Is silence.' [Dies. It seems evident to ns that in these line* the sradual decay of all physical »froEgkh is suffici ently implied, consequeiit on the reception into tbe systsm of a poiton described by .Laertes as being ?' So morUI. that but dip a knl'e in it. Where it £? twi blood bo cauplaim so rare, CcHtcied Irani all simples tbal have virtue Under tht tdocd. can save the thing from death, Tba. i but scratch'd wilsaL' How Mr. Harkius, an accomplished Sink speartan student, can reconcile it with his artistic cou»w^co to shout Hamlet to death passes our comprehension. Xo sum up, Mr. Harkin«'s is an intel ligent but laboured Hamlet, possessing great merit, manly, interesting, craftsman* like, yet totally devoid ot that undercurrent of tender, gentle sympatbeticalness, lacking which no Hamlet can rank as of the highest srade. To complete mastery of stage-bus ness may be added a resonant voice — though deficient In the quality indicated— expressive features, and a robust physique. Mr. Harkins has peculiarities of intonation strange, we should say, to local supporters of tbe drama. He dwells landeronsl; on open vowels, and makes occasional small alterations in tbe text, ?neb as ** assume the virtue if you have it not,' whi--h are hardly emendations. Withal, those wbo visit the Theatre Boyal. will find our new Hamltt no ordinary actor. With Miss Annie Mayor's Ophelia we were greatly pleased. Ic this assumption she displays by previous report tbe advance in her art credited her. The audience were quite cononered by her delivery of *'O, what a noble mind la here overthrown,' &c; and tbe words 'O. woe is tne, To have seen what I hare seen, see what I see,' were given with much delicacy and feel ing. We do tot consider that Miss Major's mad scene, every difference being allowed, in np to the level of excellence main tained by her in the earlier acts. She affects a stereotyped stare, which may well be exchanged for an eveT-varying play of features; but, most certainly, Misa Mayor's Jpbelia is a performance wbereof the best artists would not feel aabamed, while any defects are bat such as further experience will effectually remedy. Mr. Muagrave deservedly found favour for his capital Polacius ; Miss Kate Douglas as the Queen spoke every word distinctly ; Mr. Met c-lfe might improve his Horatio by tbe infusion of warmth and spirit ; Mr. Jordan's Laertes, bf ing the result oi ' carelol study, ia a capable pr rformabce generally speaking ; Mr. Vincent's Ghost shows how our untiring stage manager can asntt in lengthening a tragedy; Mr. Atkins has far to go before be can play the First Gravedigger with proper nnctioo, bat b en tbe road ; and concerning those who filled up tbe cast it can honestly be said that if great histrionic abilities were not shown neither were any serious mistakes made, eaoh, we feel per suaded, doing bis or her very best as occasion dercarded. New costumes were introduced which have been expressly imported by Mr. Harkius, and 'Hamlet' on tbe irbole was efficiently mounted It will be repeated till further notice. 