THE TORRENS REGATTA. Committee—Messrs. E. G. Blaobmore (presi. dent), G. A. Connor,- W. Fox, E. W. Hawker, II. Attenborongh, H. O. Bornett, W. Hall, E. Formbv; D. F. Kelly, F. Halcomb, J. S. Fleming, and G. E; DeMole. Umpires—Messrs. Carter, Attenborongh, and DeMole. Starters—Messrs. Woods and Mathews. Judge—Mr. H. W. Thompson, J,P. {Mayor of Pert Adelaide). Hon. Sec.—Mr. W. Fox. The first regatta held onxtho Torrens Lake took place on Saturday, Deoember 17, under the auspices of the South Australian Amateur Bowing Association. Although the morning was slightly tempestuous, and the weather at one time seemed likely to prove unpleasant, before 1 o'clock the sun made its appearance, the wind moderated, and by the time the first race was1 started the afternoon turned oat beautifully fine, and a more enjoyable day could hardly have been wished for. A large amount of interest attaohed to the inaugural aquatic-festival on the reoently construoted dam. Whether the twists and turns of the lake would seriously interfere with the sport, whether the managing boly would be able toicarrjjontjthe arrangements satisfactorily, whether the Portonians would hold their own against the city cluba^ or (to speak parodo xioaliy) Arid themselves all at sea on the fresh wator, these and other questions have for some time past been freely discussed in aquatic oircles, and it w&b; no wonder, therefore, that not only did lovers of the water turn oat .en masse to witness the proceedings, but thousands of others assembled, on the bridges and banks, and took the liveliest interest in the water carnival. Had a casual visitor. to. Adelaide. of some twelve months ago been placed on the City bridge at about 4 o'clook on Saturday afternoon just before the big event was started, he would surely, had he not been previously made ac quainted with the facts, have imagined that some wonderful- magician bad been at work since his last visit. That the sluggish, uninviting, and dirty-looking stream of last year could have been transformed into a noble sheet .of water whereon scores of boats may dally be seen, and whercjn, too, are said to exist many species of the finny tribe, must have struck such an one as next to miraculous,- and even to no, who live within five minutes' walk of the weir, the ehange must still Beein almost as sudden as it is welcome.. The success that attended the first regatta waB in all respects unquestionable. The attendance was enormous, the weather delight ful, the sport good, and although there were a few slight defects observable in the details, such as the necessity that existed for a speedy and easilj-handled steam-launch for the umpire, an extra pistol for the starter to enable correct times being taken, a better starting-point thau th6 present round- a-corner arrangement, &c.;, yet,taking the regatta'aa a whole,"it was one of the most successful half-holiday entertainments that has taken place iu the Oity of Adelaide, and one that is sure to be repeated at a no far distant date. Any sport is commendable that enccursgos healthy exercise, muscular development, and pure excitement, and it must be admitted that there is no pastime which will better stimulate these qualities than rowing. Cricket, footbali;and rowing are alike well calculated to promote health and enjoy ment, and the evident pleasure afforded by the regatta under notice, both to spectators and competitors, set all doubts that might pre viously have existed as to the popularity of aquatic recreation in Adelaide at rest at oase and for ever. The first event was set down for half-past 1, and although at.that hour there was only a small sprinkling of spectators, yet, as the afternoon wore on, thousands of visitors flooked to the water side, and before the pro gramme was half carried through every point of vantage from one end of the course to tas other was orowded with people, while number of well- filled small craft dotted-the edges of ths lake. The scene between the bridges was most picturesque. There were pionio parties under ths trees, crowds of interested spectators at LongV, several persevering "runners" on the path, and dozens of "spooney" couples in con venient places specially selected, all of whon seemed to be enjoying the regatta after their own fashion. Beyond the Albert bridge, too, right up to the winning point there were hundreds of sightseers, and it is probable the crowd alto gether numbered close on 10,000. There was only one serious drawbaok to the success of the first Torrens regatta, and that was the small number of entries for the different events.- Ho doubt the high boat tax has done a lot towards diminishing the number of aspirants to aquatic: honors; besides which it must not be forgotten that the dam has only been in existence about six months. Probably at the next regatta the number of entries will be largely iuoreased as the present one was so successful; and farther we have the mayor's authority for stating that next year the boat tax will be very considerably^ reduced, whioh will put the luxury of aquatic exercise within every one's grasp. The length of the course on Saturday was about one mile and a furlong from start to finish. It commenced at; the Exhibition landing Btage, and finished at° a point about filty yards from the weir. Short as the'distance undoubtedly, was, it might have been further curtailed by a hundred yards or so with advantage; by bring ; ing the: starting, point round the awkward corner where it was, and so letting the boats go right away, in a straight line up to the. bridge. To make ar right angle turn at the very start. " was extremely ugly, and" in ProfeBsor Kelly's case in.the Silver Sculls contest, fatal ; and we I . failed ourselves to see the wisdom of starting the competitors round a sharp corner and right \- out of everyone's sight.The turns.at the first "" bridge and at Long's comer-were both awkward ones, and in more -tban.one race fonnd out weak points in the steering ability of bompe* titors, but after leaving Long's the course was straight, and had there been a dose finish the breadth ef the lake between the Victoria bridge and the weir wonld have afforded a fine field for settling the final struggle. As it turned out, however, every contest was won "hands down," eaoh race being virtually over before half the distance had been traversed. The final heats may pro voke closer finishes, though looking at the form displayed on Saturday there should be but little doubt as to the ultimate results. Punctually at half • past 1 Green and Mitchell took their places for the Maiden Soulls, the former having the north side. In order to enable the press and umpire to see the contests throughout, the small steam-launch, Mobilla, was specially engaged to follow the boats, and but for an accident to her engines just as the Maiden Pairs race wbb started, she would have done her work well. As it was she had to be deserted, and her passengerB were transhipped into the Pioneer, from which boat a fairly good view of the events was obtained for the remainder of the day. Before dealing with the details of the sport we must notioe the praiseworthy punctuality with which every race was started, and must also speak to the uniform courtesy and assistance extended to the press by Mr. Fox and the other committee men. The arrangements on the whole were excellently oarried out, and we did not hear a single oom plaint during the day worthy of notioe. Green bad nodiffioulty in settling the pretensions of his solitary opponent in the first race, which by the way was looked upon aB almost a foregone conclusion for him. In the Torrens Fours con test the Port orew pad died in front of the Banks and won without an effort. Brophy, the Banks' stroke, rowed in very poor style, and the sooner the olub seleot a more experienced hand to set the time the better. The Norwoods and Legale were the next couple afieat, and these crews made a gallant fight of it for half the journey, but on - reaching Long's shed the men of law, like the Joker at Morphettville, seemed more inclined to return to their stable than continue, and the Norwoods won easily. The Maiden Pairs, for which there were three entries, viz., Norwoods, Banks, and Ports, was a very hollow affair. The Ports having drawn a bye the two first named boats had to try con clusions. The Norwoods, however, left their opponents at the start and won with ridioulous ease by about 30 lengths. The Silver Soulls having been won by Mitchell and Matson from Monte and Professor Kelly respectively, the event of the regatta, viz., the Smith Grand Chal lenge Oup came on for deoision, and as the two crews, the Norwoods and Ports paddled down to the start they were closely scanned and th8iz merits were freely discussed by the spectators, who at this time were more numerous than at any other. Both crews having done a useful preparation, and having the confidence of their respective supporters, a great race was antici pated, and as the umpire's boat went down to wards the exhibition stage the exoitement on the banks and bridges was at fever heat. It is hardly, possible to state which crew was the favorite, as odds were laid on both, but we fapcy the Portonians had a slight oall of the public fancy when the signal was given, and the boats shot away on their journey. Before a dozen strokes had been pulled, how ever, the race was virtually all over, as the Port boat forged ahead immediately, and never gave their opponents the ghost of a say after. The Norwood men, however, rowed a plucky raoe, : and wall deserved the oheers that were accorded; them as they returned after the contest. The race whs rowed in somewhat slow time, 7 min. 12 sec. being the official record. Upon the con clusion of the struggle the umpires' boat steamed up to the winning- post, and cheers were given for victors and loBers. Champagne was then uncorked, and the healths of their Worships the Mayor of Adelaide (who was on the boat) and the Mayor of Port Adelaide were drunk with enthusiasm. When this contest was over the excitement began to cool down, and the remain ing events came on in order without raising any extraordinary enthusiasm. The Ports won the Silver Goblets, and the Norwoods divided the remaining honors with the representatives of the dark bine, fnil details ef the racing being given below. The final heats will be deoided this evening, when no doubt a large attendance wili.be present, and some close finishes are ex peoted. The first of the finals, as will be seen on reference to an advertisement appearing in another oolnmn, is announced to start at 5,30 p.m. The following are fall particulars of the different events:— MAIDEN seems. D. Green (Norwood)... ... ... 1 F. Mitchell ... 2 There were only two starters for thiB race, and opinions were evenly divided as to their merits. Both men arrived at the post with punctuality, and at 1.30 were " sent on their journey. A good Btart' was effected, and direotly the bend was rounded Green had got a slight lead, but was pulling hard. At CI j one's shed Green had increased his lead to half a length. In shooting through the arch way of the bridge Green pulled right across to the north bank, allowing Mitchell to shorten the gap somewhat. Mitchell, however, in try ing to get through without losing ground fouled the wall of the bridge, which detained him a few seconds. Green-thus increased his lead ?o a length and a half,but at Long's sheds Mitchell had well-nigh Bhob hia bolt and the race was over. Passing the Morphett-street bridge Green had increased his lead to three - lengths, and although Mitchell still continued to row pluokily he was unable to lessen the gap, and Green eventually won very easily, Time, 8 mis. OS sec. TOBBEN3 FOUBS. First heat. Ports 1 Banks ... ... 2 Second heat. Norwood 1 Legal ... 2 » This event, for which there were four crews entered, was pulled in heats. The first heat was pulled by the Banks and Port crews, the places being filled as follows:—Banks—X. H. Wainwright (bow), J. Sadler (No. 2), F. H. Clark (No. 3), J. Brophy (stroke), and G. A. CoDnor (cox.). Ports—B. C. LeMessnrier(bow), T. Tullooh (No. 2), E. Formby (No. 3), A. Wald (stroke), T, Smith (cox). Direotly the starter gave the word " go" the Port orew went to the iront, and at Olycns's boatshed led by a length' and a half. Passing the bridge the dark blues bad increased their lead to three lengths. At Long's sheds the Port crew, who were pulling a" long powerful stroke at the rate of about 36 to the minute, had widened the gap to fonr lengths. The bankers here tried to shorten the distance,bHtwithoutavail.theirfaststrokehaving evidently told its tale on them. The Morphett street bridge was passed, the Ports leading by six leDgths, and they eventually won a3 they liked by a considerable distance. Throughout the race the winners maintained a long, steady, ana telling stroke of 36 to the minute. Brophy, on the. contrary, set his men a short jerky stroke at the rate of about 45 to the minnte, which wbb much too fast for his crew. Time, 7 min. 54 sec. SECOND HEAT. The crews were made up as follows: —Legal —J. B. Muiihead (bow), H. B. Taylor (No. 2), F. Fisher (No. 3), B. W. Hall (stroke), E; W. Hawker (cex). Norwoods—W. Burnet (bow), J. Hayes (t?o. 2), G. "Wood (No, 3), J.L. Sellers, (stroke), W. L. Grayson (cox.). A good start was effected, both crews oatobing the water together, and pulling stroke for stroke down to Olyons's shed, where they were level: The Norwoods at this point spatted, and reached the bridge half • a length ahead of the lawyers. In shotting through the bridge arohway, however, the Nor wood cox steered his crew aoross the river to get well inside their own water, and the Legale took advantage of this, and their cox. handling the rudder well they got on even terms. At the turn close to Long's the Norwoods, who had the advantage of smooth water by having the north shore from the bridge to the turn, again forged ahead, and abreast of the sheds led by two lengths. This was maintained to the Morphett street b:idge. The Legals appeared to bs bio vn, and the Norwoods rowing well within them selves won by four lengths. Time, 7 min. 45 seo, MAIDEN FAIBS. Norwoods ... 1 Banks ... 2 There were only three entries for this race, whioh was rowed in heats, and in the drawing the Norwoods and Banks were pitted Against each other, the Porta getting the bye. The Norwoods were the favorite?; as it was thought by most people that their form was far superior - t o that ot the Banks. To a good start the dark blue and reds were the first to show in front, and it was at once seen that the Banks orew would not give them any trouble. When the first bridge was reaohed the Norwood crew were leading by three lengths. At Long's and the Morpbett-street bridge they still led, and finally won with several lengths to spire. In conse quence of the press launch breaking down we are indebted to an onlooker for the above des cription. The crews were as follows:—Nor wood s—J. 1 apsley (bow), E>. Bell (stroke), Li Gtayeon (cox,). Banks—W. 0. Norrie (cox.), B. J. Brophy (stroke), F. Marann (cox,). ■■ SILVER SCULLS. First Heat. F. Mitchell ... ... 1 A. Monte ... ... ... .... 2 ■ Second Heat.-. T. Matson ... ... ... ,.. 1 D.F.Kelly ... ... ... ... J2 There were were four entries for this event, The Port Club sent two representative and the University one. Mitchell, who rowed in one of the events, was alio wed, by the association to enter &b; a representative of the University Club. After his defeat in the first race by Green it was generally thought that the latter wonld succumb to the scalier from, the senior club. Beth men- qaiokly took up their stations, 'Mitchell having the southern water and Monte the northern. "Mitchell was the first to show in front after the starter's signal had been given; .and he came round the first bend with a alight lead. Passing : the bridge he had widened the gap to three' lengths and crossed to the north shore taking his rival's water aud;pulling- well inshore, thus gettiig a great advantage from" the. smoother waler on that side. At Long's, however, -he1 fouled the side of the bs.uk, which caused him to stop pulliDg for a short tune. The "dark bine U " " * "• " ■ then put on a spurt in answer to the cries of the Fort Club partisans, and for a few seconds looked dangerons.' Mitohell, however, managed to get clear of the Bide before his opponent oonld get on terms, amd his long easy stroke soon sent his boat well to the front again. The race was over at the Morphett- street bridge, where Mitohell had inoreased his lead to three lengths. Just after passing the bridge Monte got into difficulties by having to pnll against a heavy wash from the offioial steamer following the race, which had got between his and Mitohell's boat. He, however, palled gamely through it, but finished several lengths behind Mitchell. Both men were heartily cheered on retnrning to Long's sheds. Time, 8 min. 45 sec. Second Heat. This heat resulted in a walkover for Matson in consequence of a foul whioh the umpire gave against the professor, who then palled to Long's and landed, Matson pulling over the course in 11 min. 42 seo. SMITH GBAND CHALLENGE COT. This event was a matoh between the Fort and Norwood clubs, and was looked upon as the piece de resistance of the day's sports. The boats were manned as followsNorwood—G. Main (bow), J. Elsdon (No.2),M.Eeardon (No. 3), D. Green (stroke)) L. Grayson (cox.); Ports—T. Gifford (feow),E. LeMeBsurier (No. 2),E, Lamb, (No. 3), T. Flay fair (stroke), A. Eraser (cox). On the starter giving the signal both crews dashed away at a fast rate, and it was soon very evident that the Fort crew had determined to test the stamina of the Norwoods to the first bridge, as they cat out the pace with a long swinging stroke, all .pulling, well together. The home crew,, however, answered splendidly, although they had to pnll a quick stroke to keep near their opponents; At the first bridge the Forts had a lead of a length and a half, which was increased to two lengths abreast of Long's, where the pace had told its tale on the bow of the Norwood crew, who was holding out signals of distress. The Morphett- Btreet bridge was reached in about five minutes, and was passed, the Forts leading by four lengths and. pulling about 38 strokes to the minute. The Norwoods were at this point still rowing a shorter and less telling stroke at the rate of nearly 48. The race was completely over when this point: was; reached, the Forts eventually winning very eaBily by Beveral lengths. Time, 7 min. 12 sec. . SILVEB GOBLETS. Fair-oared race, without coxswains. Forts ... ... ... 1 University ... ... ... ... 2 There were only two entries for this race. Both crews kept well together as far as the first bridge. The Fort crew then assumed the lead and kept it throughout. On passing Long's sheds the'Varsity stroke was nearly rowed put, and when abreast of the Willows, seeing pur suit was useless, the pair ceased pulling. The following were the names of the crews:—Fort —W. Pyne (bow), D. Sykes (stroke); Uni versity—F. Haloomb (bow), A. H. Highton (stroke). ADELAIDE FOOTS. Norwood ... ... ... ... 1 Civil Service... ... ... ... 2 There were three entries for this event, and in the drawing the Norwoods were matohed against the Civil Servioe orew. The crewB were as follows :—Civil Service—E. G. Bagot (bow), J. S. Fleming (No. 2), T. H. Atkinson (No. 3), J. W. Lookwood (stroke), and H.O. Eiohardson (cox.); Norwoods—H, Jury (bow), E. Giffen (No. 2), J. C/Hodge (No. 3), T. Coates (stroke), and L. Grayson (cox.). The crews got away on even terms, but just before the City bridge was reached the Norwood crew had a slight advan tage. Both crews shot the bridge closei together rowing about 40 strokes per minute, the time being 2 min. 12 sec., this being by far the quickest time of the day. Long's was reached in 3 min. 35 sec., the Norwoods leading by half a leDgth, Morphett-street bridge was passed, the Norwoods leading by three lengths, and then finally won by four leDgthB after a very fair race. Time, 8 min. 4 sec. MAIDEN FOOTS. . Norwood 1 Fort ... 2 There were three entries for this event, the drawing resulting in the Norwoods and Forts being sent to the starting-post, and the Legale having a bye. The Norwood crew were the first to strike the water, and led the Fort crew under the bridge by half a length. Passing Long's they had inoretBed their lead to two lengths, rowing splendidly, and foroing their boat through the water at a great rate. The Norwood sup porters on shore gave them plenty of encourage ment in the shape of cheers. The Forts here made great efforts to come np with them, but the home team rowed away, and eventually won by four leDgtbs. Time, 7 min. 35 sec. The win, judging by the oheers with which the Nor woods were reoeived when they goi back to the sheds, was a very popular one, ASSOCIATION FOOTS. Ports ... ... ... ... ... 1 Norwoods ... ... 2 There were only two entries for this race. A good start was effected, the Port orew being the first to round tbe bend of the river. When the City bridge was' passed tbe Norwood crew were four lengths in tbe rear. At Long's'tbe Ports bad nearly a dozen lengths to the good, the Norwood crew being completely outpaced. Tbe Forts led through the Morphett-street bridge with a lead of two hundred yards, and . shortly after the Norwoods ceased rowing, the race being the boUowest one of the day. Time, 7 min. 20 seo. The Norwood orew was the same one that contested the Smith Challenge event, the Port crew being composed as follows:—A. MaDBon (bow), T. Matson (No. 2), J.Miller (No. 3), W. Fletcher (stroke), and J. Coleman (cox.). By the Lubra, which arrived from Port Lincoln on Sunday morning, the skeleton of the sperm whale lately stranded on Point Holing-. broke was brought round. The dimensions of the whale have already been published. The bones compactly placed weigh 21 tons, and the length of the jaw is 15 feet. The Lubra, in addition, brought a very fine specimen of the wedge-tailed eagle, several dozen of different kinds of parrots; and a good supply of oysters. The shareholders of the Sevastopol Gold Mining Company met at the office of Mr. W. L. Ware on Friday afternoon for the purpose of agreeing to the rules, a draft of whioh was read over, by Mr. J. NioHolson, the solicitor of the company, and approved with some few amend ments. The nnmber of direotors, it was agreed, should he three for the present, any . general meeting of the company having power to increase the nnmber to five. Those elected were Messrs'; B. ff.; Green, E. M. Bagot. and Thos. Breakelh Messrs. D. Kekwiok and H. Stodart were ap-. pointed auditors. The - city coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.) held an inquest on Sunday morning, December 18, at the Gepp'a Cross Hotel, on the body of a little boy aged five years and six months, who'' was killed early on the previous morning by beiog ' kicked by a horse. From the evidence it-ap peared that deceased and his brother, aged nine years, were playing near a haystack on their father's property. At about -8.50 deceased left his-brother and ran after a mare and faal-whioh were grazing olose by. Deceased ohased the mare about fifty yards, and was then seen to fall.. Deceased's brother at once ran aud brought his father, who carried the boy, who was in sensible, home, where he died half an hour afterwards, before Dr. Thomas's arrival. The medical evidence showed that the deceased's skull was extensively fractured at the spot cor responding with the wound on the baok of the head. The cause of death was fracture of the skull. After hearing the evidence of deceased's brother and father, and the medical evidence, the pry returned a verdict of accidental death. The Bull Court sat on Saturday, December 17, and being the last day of term the following gentlemen were admitted: as practitioners of the Supreme Court: — Mr. Btginald Brett, of the Inner Temple, pro visionally for eighteen months; and Messrs. F. V. Beyer,E. A.Thornton, and M. H. Davis, on the certificates of the law examiners. Iq M inch am v. Mincham, the rule nisi for dissolu tion of marriage was made absolute. Iu the matter of P. D. Nash, an insolvent, a . special esse stated by the Court of Insolvency, judg ment was given to the .effect that under the insolvency law previous to the.Aot of 1881 assignees in iusolvenoy could recover goods in cluded iu a post nuptial settlement. As the point involved required a judioial decision, costs were not given against the insolvent, but the assignees were allowed their costs out of the estate. Two applications for the filing of articles nunc pro tuncvieie granted. A rule niti for a mandamus requiring the Adelaide Licensing Bench to grant a storekeeper's oblonial; wine licence to Wilhelm Sturm, of near Blumberg, was also granted. The court will ait on Thurs day next to take urgent business. There i& now on view at Messrs. Silom and Co.'s auotion mart, Hindley-streefc. a very large and varied collection of Bngliah made and other furniture, whioh has just been- imported, and is to be offered for sale to-morrow. The English furniture comprises walnut drawing room .suites in velvet, plush, silk, cretonne, and tapestry, very handsome bedroom suites of American walnut, tableB of almost all descrip tions in walnut, both English and American, mahogany, and other woods, sideboards, chif fonnieres, book-oases, and < a number of other . smaller articles. The drawing and bed room suites are very nicely .finished off and are con structed oh the latest- designs, and the side boards and ohiffonnieresaremadein quite a new style, in some oases being unmiatakeably aesthetic. .' Some of the-walnut tables are very .bandeomejand the occasional and card tables will also, no deubt, attract attention. There are _ a large number of pierglasses in the cousigu \- merit, which are mounted in frames of American ; blaok walnut and other woods, and ornamented with.gilt lines ; the designs, are very pretty, and the rupunticg, is much setter, adapted to th-wr . colonies tbaii t)?e ordlh'ery gilt frames which we - \- have*,;bitlpitopbeen- accustomed ' to. ; Several pisnos, .Ey. Fifcnch and" German makers, and" one or J_tito'"musical boxes- me to be offered lor E8le,.-acd. aho^ a large assortmeot of general . furnishings. 