TALE ON 'CHANGE. " I «m bay with yon, Bell with yon, talk with yon." —Shabspuu. "Qtuunqaam rldentem dlcere verom Quid veUttHobaol Ton my word, it's a vary hard thing. Here's our friend the member, whose stu pendous genius is rewarded by a trumpery Treasury payment of £25 per month. And then, look you, a minion of the law adjudges that he should pay to another legislator £20 of it, leaving a balance of £5 per month, which is really a ridiculously small sum to meet the expenses of an honourable member. And the judge, forsooth I who placed the honourable gentleman in so unpleasant a position, had no better reason for doing so than the evidenoe of a bill of exchange,1 once renewed and long dishonoured 1 In an English paper is a report of a public house conversation on the merits of Mr. Glad stone. Now, if the name of Mr. Berry be substituted for that of Mr. Gladstone, with a humble apology to the latter for the liberty, just see how aptly it fits" Liberal—-Well, all I hope is that he'll be spared for many a year to carry put the line he has drawed for his country. Conservative.—Oh, you do, do yon? Liberal—Yes, I do. Conservative. - Well, what is the line he has drawed out? Liberal.—Ah, that I don't know; that is only known tP himself. See what he has done since he's been in power. Conserva tive.—What has he done? LiberaL—What has he done!. Conservative.—Yes, what has he done? Liberal—Why, just look what he ; has done! Conservative.—Why, he's done nothing. LiberaL—Well, that's not his fault, is it?" Now, haven't weheardjust this kind of intelligent advocacy in the press as well as in the public-houses—which, of course, don't frequent—at least, hardly ever. Here .is a candid way of summing up a member of Parliament who has declined tp renew his solicitation of the eufftagesof a New 1 Zealand constituency. A newspaper, which rather likes him, is fain to make thiB damning admission of his unfitness for: political life, andof hiB dedciencies as arapresentative. ThuB •—"** We joannot say that be has made a i successful representative of the district He has giveh thOcolony tfcebenefit of his Wis dom, but he has brought no grist to out miU. The fact is,. Mr. P" y. is h member of' Parliament, hat p bsd \lbbbyisl'" * Sothat a man may, be a Socrates for Wis3om/ uud>u Aristides In j^triptisni^ut such sb these can compensator v moral defect of being a bad lobbyist I Captain Deans, the veteran Channel pilot, skipper, .and,shipowner, ii going to, on the farther gratitude of marine exqursic He was, I think', the '.drat to pat,* ed bar steamer at their disposal, hie enterprise will crown the edificeof his good deeds in this direction. 'He his contracted with a home firm for i skimmer oft the Mas, with the speedbf hblockade-runner^atjulthe safety of a P.' and 0. mail poafc—* steel'phip# with steel boilers—to be built by the Messrs. Steele., I believe that CaptsinDeane was the first to propose the red dengtf- llghVlat Cape Otway which now warns tosrinera'bff the cruel reefs which have ripped np many a gallant ship, and made more widows and orphans than jthe small-pox in Sydney. A gentleman in the country had lately a letter from his mother, who resides at JBton, urging upon him, if he.came to Melbourne, to oall on Mr, James Maoe, the pugilist.- He was a little taken aback at the suddenly developed maternal interest in the priss ring until she explained that a son, the Rev. James Mace, a revjvaliBt preacher of jgreat power, had been visiting her on her invita tion, and she was quite enthusiastic about his earnestness and pnlpit gifts. So the dear old lady entreated her boy to Bee Mr. Maoe, senior, and impress upon him the goodness and Bweetness of his boy. The opportunity occurred and the visit was paid. Mr. Mace regarded his visitor with some suspicion, but as the correspondence was read to him he became deeply attentive, not missing a word. " Well!" at length said the visitor," what do you think of it all?" " Think 1" and he summarised his thoughts thus—" Think—1 think that my boy Jim always was a cunning one 1" Near Menindie, on the Darling, one of the gentler sex iB to be found who has had the misfortune to lose her better-half, for the time being, on three different occasions. Travellers say that she iB by no means the most amiable of women, and this may account for the heavy rate of mortality among those unfortunates who venture to woo and win the widow, the roadside shanty, and the bit of other property. It is remarkable that each husband shuffled off the mortal coil in a different way—the first in the orthodox fashion, after a long illneaB; the next euc cumbed from the effects of exposure in the bush, where he had wandered after a drink ing bout; and the third sent his ghost to that bourne from whence no traveller returns by suspending himself by a rope to the branch of a gum tree iu the neighbourhood of the bush shanty. The deed was done in the darkness of the night, and amidst the noise and confusion of a general carouse the landlord was not missed until the morn ing, when one of the more sober guests dis covered him hanging where the beef or mut ton needed for the table of the tavern at other rimes was hung. The landlady was duly informed of the matter, and quietly had a sheet placed around the remains of the de parted (or Bospended), and left them swaying to and fro until the arrival of the trooper who was sent for, and had to come some distance. In the meanwhile, two wayfarers arrived at the place, and had their stock of tea, sugar, and flour replenished by the hostess, who in formed one of them, in answer to his inquiry whether Bhe had any meat, that she was just out of that article. Noticing the enshrouded carcase hanging, the visitor naturally mistook it for a sheep just slaughtered, and her ladyship's attention to it. " Oh, that," said Bhe; " why, that's my Charlie! Didn't you heat that he had hung himself as she weighed out another half-stone of sugar. His constituents at Gympie have been feasting their representative, Dr. Hamilton, to whom they seem to be much attached: I have pleasure in mentioning this, as Dr. H. once highly disapproved of something in column, which he appropriated as referring to him, and angrily resented. Indeed, I think he made a special visit to Melbourne in order to "have it out." Tne hatchet has, how ever, been long buried, Dr. Hamilton's description of his relations with his consti tuents is so unique as.to be worth repro ducing :—" There was no constituency in the colony where the electors and their "iumK^r understood each other better than they did. He had lived with them, fought with them, played practical jokes upon them, worked with them, and physicked them." Dr.Hamil ton is, I believe, aVictorian native. .... They have lively times occasionally in the municipal, as well aa in the Spring-street, Parliament. In one of them Councillor Terrible, who has earned his name, was de prived of his own way by Councillor New blood, and this brought on the latter'a head a torrent of vituperation. Nothing daunted, the young councillor said, "1 am here to atop your little games if possible, and when you try them on you'll find me always alongside of you." With growing ngennd redness the other retorted, "Not in Pentridge." "Quito right," meekly suggested Councillor N. " You'll be there alone." 1 had the pleasure of seeing, a day or tWo ago, ah interesting picture unpacked from its case. It was on the walls of the Royal Academy this year (see H. Blackburn's Academy Holes, p, 50), and attracted con siderable attention. The- subject is " ':A ManiHaGirl "Waitihg for the lfer#,*'and'it iB from the brush of an artist well known in Victoria—especially in connexion with dfel boume Punch—Nicholas Chevalier.' Nothing from hie easel *0 fjood'^is this haa before been seen, iu the obipnies.Mr. Chevalier has in this cohri&l;^l^j|^b^rated tod im* proved a sketch of hu whioh was onoe Re duced aa a supplement to one of'the bonrne illustrated papers., The poajjaMbr'w Mr. -H " No Surrender" to our Nationa l ;' • • Xw tbutthetouWs. of tbeNMional " A£dwecaUourtolrattei**«0«i ,:-pm colony! Little Spondee, who considers he baa a gift in adaptation, writes in despair AJm ! my countrymen. Beware the day, When Parties flourish, And when Arte decay. Upon the occasion of the vulgar quarrel in a railway carriage between two honourable members of the Liberal party, there sat in the corner a venerable silver-haired lady, who felt insulted and indignant at being compelled to be an involuntary witness of their misconduct. The climax was reached when one of theBe gentlemen (by courtesy) called the other " an old woman." She re strained herself with difficulty, Bhe says, from getting up and telling them that no old woman would condescend to misconduct her eeff ae they were doing. uEGLES. 