NEWSTEADSUIRE COUNCIL The monthly meeting of the above named body took place yesterday. Present— the President; Ors Slee, Hamilton, Philpot, Mutiro, Kirwin, Farquharson and GibbsOti; Minutes of last meeting ware confirmed. Minutes ot committee meeting were connrmen. Correspondence. — From J. Williamson, giving notice that in pursuance of the provisions of the Fencing Act, he was going to erect a fence four feet on the road to admit of rearing a live fence, iieceivod. — Prom tlie secretary or Vic torian Asylum and School for the Blind, asking for the annual donation. To stand over. — Froiii tlie Commissioner of Public Works, stating that it is not advisablo to appoint a public house as a polling booth, and requesting that some other place be fixed on, or erect a booth for the occasion. Had been replied to.— From Office of Public Works, asking for' a copy of the financial statement. Complied with. — From Rev. J. S. Chambers, asking if the Council would exempt the Presbyterian Manse from taxation, or other wise refund the amount. Received. — From Town Clerk, Castlemaine," asking if the Council would co-operate with that Borough to secure Sunday trains. Moved by Or Philpot, seconded by Cr Farquharson, that the request be com plied with. Carried.— A telegram from W. Collard Smith, asking for an immediate reply to the following query How many ratepayers are rated at ten pounds and under fifty, and from fifiy upwards, were resident in that portion of ,the shire, included in the Maryborough and Talbot Electoral District? Replied to.— From the Secretary for Lands' in reply to a request, atking that a portion of land be reserved for gravel in the Parish of Strangways; and stating tfiat the matter, would be referred to the local Land Board for consideration when dealing with the application of Mr Giovenotti. Received. — From eleven ratepayers, asking to call the at tention of the Council to the bad state of the road at Pengelly s, and requesting the . same to be repaired at an early date. Moved by Cr Kirwin, seconded by Or Hamilton, that the work be attended to; : - i.- reports. The Engineer's reported that he had got the dam at Jackson's Reef, repaired; Hutchinson's tender 'was accepted for gravel at Campbell's Creek. Some repairs have been done at the Bald Hill, Campbelltown; plans are submitted for the following works, viz : — Road to Glengower, near Lund's road at Atkin's, Billiard-street, Newstead ; and Avoca road near Bryant's.' Tenders have been invited for gravel on the Castlemaine main road. Thompson is progress ing favourably with work at Muckleford. Re ceived. . The Inspector of Nuisances reported that measleB stili . continued to exist in several families in the district. Received. The Treasurer reported that since last meeting he had received L123 4s, made up as follows — Rates, L106 2s ; deposits, L2; commonage fees, L8 19a ; dog fees, LI ; pound fees, L5 8s ; and' had paid out L112 3s 4d ; the credit-balance' is LI 4812a 6d. Received; The Poundkeeper reported that since 1 last meeting two calves were sold, and two horses re leased. Had received L5 3s, which he paid the. treasurer. Received. ' ; The Herdsman reported that he had regis- - tered 159 head of cattle,- and received; L7 19s, which lie paid tho Treasurer. ' -;4' - The Dog Inspector reported that he had regis tered four dogs, and received LI which he. paid' the Treasurer. 1 ' ' The Inspector of slaughterhouses reported ;that during last month the number of pattle slaughtered, were as follows, viz':- — Cattle,' 69 head ; 95 Bheep, and 2 pigB. Received. The following accounts were passed for. pay- iment ;— Secretary, L20 16s 8d ; M'Alpine; L4 iGa 8d ; J. and E. Wheeler, LI 16s Gd ; \- J. and E. Wheeler, 19a Gd ; H. Higgins, L9 ; F. Vanharck, 10s ; W. H. Newlands, L4 17s Gd ; Campbell and Co., L2 18s 6d ; W. Symons, LI 7s Gd'; H.'Bradlield,7B6d; J. M'Nabb, 10s. The Council then went into committee to con- aider tenders for gravel on Castlemaine road. The'tender of Mr Gilmore was accepted. ' .On resuming, Cr Hamilton moved that tenders be called for to repair road near Land's, going to Glengower, and regretted that there was not a sufficient quantity of money to do all that was necessary. Seconded by Or Farquharson. ' Car ried. Cr Hamilton moved that tenders be called for repairing road near Atkins, Green Gully. He said it was tho duty of every Councillor to en deavour to get roads repaired, which were so much in need, as the one referred to; he was certain it would not be opposed. Seconded by Cr Farquharson. Carried. Cr Sloe moved that tenders be called for work in Hilliard-street. Seconded by Cr Farquhar son. Carried. , Or Farquharson in pursuance of notice of motion given by him, moved that tenders be called to repair part of Avoca road near Bry- \- ant's. Seconded by Cr Hamilton. Carried. Cr Slee moved that plans be prepared for | bridge at Sandy Creek. Seconded by Or Munro. -Carried. (Tho President at this stage retired, and Cr 'Slee was voted to fill the chair during the remain der of tho meeting.) Cr Philpot moved that the Secretary get some repairs done at Robinson's Hill, not to exceed ;L3. Seconded by Or Gibbson. Carried. Cr Hamilton moved that somo sapplings be cut down on the Glengower and Captain's Gully Road. Seconded by Cr Kirivin. Carried. Cr Kirwin said that he believed tlie boundary roads between this Shire and Yandoit would be the better of some repairs, he knew thoro was not much money, and he was inclined to eoono- ,mise what thoy hud. Still the ratepayers in that district had been very quiet for a long time, and Jiie thought their interest Bhould be considered by he Council, and moved that the members of the piding visit the district for the purpose of ascer taining the places that wore in most need of repairs. Or Hamilton supported the remarks piado by the mover, and he had much pleasure in seconding his motion. Carried. . or luunro niovuu mat 1110 membors of tho riding visit and report upon state of road near Mrs Nicholson's. Seaondod by OrSleo, and oar- riod. Or Hamilton moved that gravel be raked in on the road near Mr House's. The Counoil then adjourned, An old Scotchman attributed tho disappear ance of ghosts from tho Scottish moors to the custom of tea-drinking at social meetings. It requires Scotch whisky on tho top of "ale to enable a man to see a ghost really worth talk ing about. Careful Man.— A few months ago an old gentle man was seen nailing a notice on a fence on tho ponth Bide of Galveston-avenuo. A friend passing, paid: "Why don't you have tho notice put in the paper, where people oanread it?" " Waal," said tho old- gentleman, , "If I. took it to the newspaper 'bom nowspapor fellers would get it spelled Yraug , gud- then somebody, ..might thyik .1 didn't, know how to spell." The notice read r ".Howzettur' inchoir on preymeypi. rGRiysBtwNewp. 