AUSTRALASIAN STATESMEN" : SIR BRYAN O'LOGHLEN, PREMIER OP VICTORIA. WB give a brief account of the public career of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, who, on the defeat of the Berry Ministry on a vote of want of confidence, formed a new Administration of which he was the Premior. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, Bart, arrived in Victoria in 1862. He assumed his title on the death of his eldest brother, 22nd July, 1877. He was a Crown prosecutor from April, 1863, until January, 1877, when he resigned in order to enter political life. In May, 1877, he stood as an independent candidate for North Melbourne, and published a programme of an advanced radical type, advocating annual Parliaments, free grants to selectors, and loans on the security of the land, the abolition of the right of the Legislative Council to reject money bills, &c.; The hon. gentleman was not adopted by the radical party on account of his views with regard to the Education Act, but he polled heavily, being within 16 votes of one of the elected members. Soon afterwards he was appointed a Land Tax Commissioner by the Berry Government, and he vacated the post to take office in that Ministry, being sworn in as Attorney-General 27th March, 1878. This was immediately after Black Wednesday, but Sir Bryan has since stated in Parliament that he by no means approved of the proceedings of that day. During the absence of Mr. Berry on his embassy mission, from December, 1878, to June, 1879, the hon. gentleman was head of the Government as acting Chief Secretary, and certain- of his proceedings were much criticised at the time. He is understood to be responsible for the introduction of the nominee Council provision into the second Reform Bill of the Berry Government. When that bill was lost and the Ministry appealed to the country, February, 1880, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen was defeated in West Melbourne, and he remained out of Parliament until the general election in July, when he stood for and was returned by the constituency of West Bourke. The hon. gentleman was offered the post of Attorney-General in the recent Berry Ministry, but he declined office. He has stated that he refused, not on account of any difficulties in connexion with the Education Act, but because Ministers having made a compact through him to give a certain position to Sir John O'Shanassy, refused to ratify the understanding, and thus left him no option as a man of honour but to retire. When the Berry Government was sworn in Sir Bryan O'Loghlen took his seat in the Corner, but on the ground that the action of Ministers, and more particularly the conduct of Mr. Yale, had destroyed his confidence, he crossed the floor of the House during the session, and in December last he supported Mr. L. L. Smith's motion of want of confidence. During the Reform Bill debate the hon. gentleman steadily voted with the Government, but he declared himself as favourable to an ultimate compromise with the Council, and therefore, when the Government moved that the bill be abandoned, he submitted an amendment for a further conference with the Council. The Government finally adopted this amendment, which otherwise would have been carried as a hostile motion, and Sir Bryan then tabled a direct vote of want of confidence, and carried it by 44 votes to 41, the majority being composed of the solid Opposition vote and of a few of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen's former friends of the Corner. He was then sent for by His Excellency, and within a day or two formed an Administration, the composition of which was given in our last issue. THE WHARE OF KING TAWHIAO, NEW ZEALAND. WE are indebted to Mr. Richmond Thatcher for a copy of a photograph taken by Mr. R. H. Bartlett, an enterprising photographer of Auckland, of the whare of King Tawhiao, in the almost inaccessible "King country." King Tawhiao, it will be remembered, is the second native monarch of New Zealand since the country has been under British rule, the first being Te Whero Whero, who assumed the style of king and the name of Potatau. Since the end of the last war the Maori King has maintained a strict and sullen isolation from Europeans, and it is only lately that the rigour of this has been gradually relaxed. But recently there are signs that it is near its end. Tawhiao some weeks ago went uninvited into the town of Alexandra on a visit, and still more lately —on July 11—he, with some of his principal chiefs, went into Alexandra and laid 80 guns at the feet of Major Mair as an offering in the name of peace. Our view depicts the King with his wife seated in the front of their whare with two attendants, the King and Queen holding in their hands the sacred emblems of Maori sovereignty. THE VESTIBULE, PARLIAMENT HOUSES. THE most conspicuous of the changes that have been made in the Melbourne Parliament Houses in late years towards the completion of the perfect design, has been the erection of the grand central hall, called the Victoria-hall, which now occupies the space between the two chambers. This hall is approached by a vestibule of similar design and equally stately proportions, and it is this which we have depicted in our engraving. When the Houses are complete in the style of this hall and its vestibule, our Parliament will, indeed, be lodged in a manner commensurate with the importance of the metropolis and the colony. BEHIND THE SCENES AT THE ROYAL : THE '' PROPERTY-ROOM." THE " property-room " of a theatre is as necessary an adjunct as a pantry to a dwellinghouse, or a vestry to a church. Within its spacious walls all the movable appliances, except scenery, connected with stage business are placed, and so disposed that any of the " propB," as they are called in the slang of the stage, can be got out at a moment's notice. The property-room of the Theatre Royal stands on the right-hand Bide of the theatre looking towards the stage, and is almost as large as the whole of the stage itself. Standing at the door and looking up to the roof we notice all the appliances necessary for the production of pantomime —the big Btolid masks, the huge bottles used by the clown in his tricks, the great crocodiles and birds with openings underneath to allow the boys to get inside to animate them, the terrible dragon (harmless enough now), and the sea serpent that struck such terror into poor Pantaloon; a stuffed kangaroo and a disconsolate lamp-post hang side by side, and a minor dragon—a sort of second fiddle to the larger one—keeps company with an emu of astounding proportions. At the right-hand side of the picture is to be seen the small gasometer necessary for producing he ime light, so useful and effective in sensational scenes. By the way, it was this gasometer which exploded some little while ago, and blew a poor fellow through the roof. Near the gasometer is a stand of arms, and above it hangs a suit of armour—probably for the ghost of Hamlet's father, when that gentleman again takes it into his head to "walk the night" once more. The standards of the Roman army repose quietly against the wall in a far corner, and grandfather's clock keeps quiet watch and ward over the deceptive cooking-range which turns into a water-butt when the clown sits on it. The stuffed deer that is carried round in "As You Like It" measures its full length on the floor, and one of the fish that come in so effectively in a pantomime "rally" iB enjoying a little daylight, judging by the curl in its tail. During rehearsal actors visit the property-roorn to study their parts, and with folded arms and scowling mien can be heard muttering protestations of love or fierce threats of blood and vengeance, cut short generally by the shrill voice of the call-boy. Altogether, the property- room by daylight is a trifle more melancholy than the theatre itself, the tinsel, and paint, and general unreality of Btage representations are so painfully apparent. NEW PAVILION, MELBOURNE CRICKET GROUND. WE give an engraving of the new pavilion in course of erection for the accommodation of the members of the Melbourne Cricket Club, the foundation-stone of which, it will be recollected, was laid by Prince Albert Victor. A description of the new pavilion is appended :—The building will be executed in ornamental brickwork, red and white, with Hawthorn facings of dark picked bricks. The roofing will be of slates cut to a pattern. The accommodation will be as follows, viz.:—On the Groundfloor—Luncheon and refreshment saloons, each 50ffc. long by 24ft. wide ; secretary's office, 16ft. x 12ft.; two dressingrooms, each 16ft. x 22ft. 6in., provided with separate bathrooms, lavatories, &c.; storeroom, 16ft. x 17ft. Two spacious stairs will give access to the first floor, the accommodation on which will be a pavilion, 50ft. x 24 ; a billiard saloon, 50ft. x 24ft., for two tables, lit with a lantern light; two dressingrooms, in all respects similar to the rooms below ; a reading- room, and a committee-room. A verandah and balcony will be provided on the south front, affording sitting accommodation to 300 persons. The main stairs will be continued up and give access to a flat roof and gallery on the top of the building, where there will be room for 250 members. Mr. William Salway, of 45 Swanston-street, is the architect, and the contractors are Messrs. Goss and Masson. The total cost of the building, inclusive of fittings, will be about £4,600. The new pavilion is to be finished by the 1st December next. THE COMING RABBIT EXTERMINATOR. IT would be to no purpose to state to how great an extent the farming and pastoral interests have suffered in these colonies from the enormous increase of rabbits, which have in many places destroyed the grass, reduced the carrying capabilities of the land, and, it has been stated, injuriously affected the quality of the wool. Stock-growers have gone to very great expense in trying various methods of exterminating rabbits, and have at length, it would appear, found precisely what they want in Captain's Raymond's plan of poisoning them wholesale by phosphorus. In the meantime, it has in some parts been thought that the increase of foxes, which were, like the rabbits, introduced to Australia from abroad, will be likely to have a great effect in checking their spread, and even, perhaps, towards destroying them. Whether this expectation will be realised, and if so, whether the result would not be the substitution of one evil for another, remain to be seen. THE TORRENS DAM, ADELAIDE. THE City Council of Adelaide has for some time been carrying on works for the damming of the River Torrens, so as to convert that uninteresting and almost imperceptible stream into a navigable reach of water. The dam bas lately been completed, and the flow being stopped the dam filled with water, and in doing so quite transformed the appearance of the city. Water was the element most wanting to complete the interest and beauty of Adelaide, and this is now supplied by a mile and a half of waterway, which is already being taken possession of by rowers and yachtsmen. The change is an excellent one, and the Adelaide people are much indebted to the City Council for it. HOBART BOTANIC-GARDENS. THE gardens of the Royal Society, Hobart, in the Queen's Domain, just beyond Government house, have the advantage of a highly favourable site. They lie on the banks of the broad and picturesque estuary of the Derwent, and they have been planted in such a manner as to heighten to the utmost the beauties of a charming position. The gardens, with their floral charms and the delightful glimpses of the river which they afford, are among the most attractive resorts of Hobart, by the inhabitants of which they are highly appreciated, and not less so by tourists from the other colonies. 