\ SOBERS. m * ? ? ? ? |i SCIENTIFIC GOSSIP. fe; Theorists have agreed among themselves tliat 1:! tljo southern homisplioro is colder than tho j§j northern ; they look upon the proposition as W: Eolf- cvidcnt, and as not requiring any ovidenco S? in its supnort. They will bo surprised to learn P that in parallels highor than 40 deg. the south i.f ]3 mnch warmor than the north. The mcteoro Wi logical researches of tho United States Coasts P Survoyshowtheavorage of the January and July p temperatures for overy ten tfogroes of latitude op to 80 N. in CO S. from which it appoare that in latitude 40, which runs through Bass's Straits and Wnnganni, approaches tho inlands 3fSt. I'aul'fl and Tristan d'Acunha, touches TaWivia in Chili, and tho Bio 'Negro in tho [Lrgentino Republic, tho average tempcraturo is 1.4 degFnhr. higher in tho south than in Ibo north, tho record being G7.9 and 56.5 repcctivoly. In latitudo 50, whioh nearly touches tho Auckland Islands, Kerguclin'sland, nnd tho Falkland Islands, the average is as much as 4.4 deg. higher in tho south than in tie north, tho figures boing respectively 47.8 nnd 43.4. In latitudo 00, whioh does not pass through any land in tho south, tho heat u 0 deg. highor than in tho north. In tho south it is 3.3 dog. above freezing, whilo in the north it is 2.7 below. Tho comparison cannot bo carried further, but tho probability H that the relative tomperaturo will bo found to increase further south. I havo always maintained, from analogy, that tho southern trinlcr will' bo found to bo warmer, although the summer may be colder than tho northern, tho difference being due to the greater pre valence of moisture in, the atmosphcro of tho regions wher'oin there is a propondoranco of ; oceanic area, tho winter terrestrial radiation anil tho summer solar radiation being aliko (timinUhcd. Tho conditions in tho southern jlicmUphoro should bo more favorablo to [aquatic life than in the northern, so that [exploration in the south should, from a com | mercial point of view, bo well worth following [tip. If .tho Australians de3srvo tho character t for enterprise with whioh they are credited, 'they will soon follow tho -example of Aberdeen I and Dundeo in sending out a fleet of steam irhalon - and sealora, instead of tho briga and Eoliooncrsthoyhavcherctoforebeoncontentwith. Asfpr scientific research, the fact of tho greater warmth of the south should lead to a re versal of tho judgment against antarctic re search on account of its supposed difficulty. If only one-tenth of the favoritism with which , the north polo is regarded bo shown to, the Eoutli, it is not unlikely that it will be tho first to be reached. That tho '.vliolo southern hemisphere is raorq tohrpcrato than the northern is further illustrated by tho fact, that heat of .-its tropical regions is coni parativoly low. In latitude 10 tho south is 2.3 deg. colder ; in latitude' 20 it is 3 deg.' ? and in latitudo 30 it is 1 deg. At about 34 or i 35 (Sydney -nd Adelaide) it may be assumed ithat tho two hemispheres nro equal, and at [higher latitudes the relative temperature of the [south rapidly rises. The heat being thus .less i in. the tropic?, and greater in tho higher latitudes,^it may bo assumed that, taken as a whole, thcro is not much difference betwoen tho two hemisphere. ? Fairy legends arc not very, promising. minc3 to diggers in search of scientific truths, and yet a writer in tho March number of tho Oonliill Magazine has managed to construct a very pretty theory connecting tho 'good peoplo' with' neolithic man. Tho. idea seems to havo occurred to him from the circumstance that tho stono implements which ara found scattered about in caves and , elsewhere are by country peoplo called fairyrdarts or elf-bolts. It appears that Europe was occupied ' dnriog tlio prehistoric period by at loast; three dif ferent races.: The first, or paheozoic, prior to j tho glacial era; were men of good bulk and stature. The next, or neolithic,: subsequent I to tho glacial era, were, short; and; broadly kilt, varying mhoight fromfonrfoottontofive loct six ; and theso wera succeeded by the present ?Aryan races. Tha Etruscans are Eiippoaod to havo contributed the latest neo lithic community,, while there are somowho Wievo that the' JJasques aro-desconded .from wan, although tho race Las by. this time lecomo somewhat .?'??mixed, or perhaps do voloped on Darwinian principles. There aro anmorous tumuli aria barrow which contain lie bones of the ncoliths. Stonehenge,' Kit's j O°tjr House, and other ruins iiro supposed to '?the remains of thoir .handiwork. The Bipsretitibus Colts and: Teutons . who sue wedod thorn had unwholesome' fear ! of ghosts, and they believed that the barrows 1* Buarfed by spirits: who should » Propitiated. ' ThoMogends of the earlier 'Mo were altered nnd exaggerated in tho ?»'»» of transmission, until at lnstithn ghosts «ine neolitlis cam6 to 1-6 regarded1 as very toinntlve peoplo indeed. It is not requisite wiollow tho speculationsof thisauthorthrough f t!trf'amifications, oncragh' having loon ad -™*a to show that the theory is a plausible fc!:, Yem?mbcr the time -when children in jfoHand ^ wore taught that tho' Hots; or JMuts,' wore vory Bmall people, and that ™«n tlio early churches irad cattodrala were '™ it was not uncommon to taken ' peolit ' 2 buiId!'!ni teethe w*U-La circumstance 'Wuwmmoa for- the munber of grinning J**w whose effigies projected : from tho l3Jles °f tl-° Gothic order of orohitectnre. for * ™e*aTaa *»* of those little people', 1 w« firmly persuaded in my own mind that they came out just boforo snnsot to pick up all children who woro not at homo. Per haps these early recollections havo noincthing to do with my inclination to accept this answer to the question ' Who wcro tho fairies ' aB tho true ono. Tlio only difficulty that proaonts it self is as to tho length of time which has elapsed sinco tho neolitli3 were supplanted by tho Aryans. If tlio Etruscans wcro nnd tho Basques nro tho descendants of tho nooliths, tho difficulty vanishes, as tho recollections of the previous race may fairly bo regarded as coming within tho limits of tho rango of tradition. After this, we need not bo surprised at learning that ' Gulliver's Travels ' is a book with a scientific mission. A few weeks aftorthe announcement by Mr. John Aitkon of his discovery that fogs and clouds were caused by the liquefaction of watery vapor on floating particlos of dust, his attention was called to the fact that in 1875 Messrs. Coulier and Mhscnrt published tho ac count of experiments very similar to his own, from which [tho same iuforences wero drawn. W. Coulier was led to the discovery by making experiments on tho well known cloudy conden sation produced by the expansion of saturated air. His apparatus consisted of a glas3 flask in which was placed some water, and a connec tion was established with a hollow Indiarubbor ball. Ho first compressed this ball, thus con densing the air in the flask ; on removing this pressure tho air expanded and a cloud was formed. On repeating tho experiment several times tho effect produced became less and less, until tho air becamo quite inactive nnd no cloud could bo formed. Ho also found that tho cloud- forming power of tho air was des troyed by shaking it up with tho water,- and tlio sanio result ensued when the air was filtered throngh cotton wool. He then arrived at the conclusion that it wa3 tho dust in the air that supplied tho nuclei on which the vapor became liqnefied. All this was clearly oxplain ed intho paper which he andhis coadjutor con tributed to the Journal dc Pliarmacic ct Chimic. He continued hi3 experiments with other vaporoandgasoB, such as products of com bustion, alcohol, benzine, and ozone. He found theairnfterrainandstormstobelessaotive, and the air in winter to be more active than in summer He followed up these experiments with others in which inactive air was warmed nnd thus rendered active. Ho heated a platinum wire in tho purified air of tho fltisk, after which treatment the air recovered its cloud-forming power. Ho burned hydrogen in pure air, which thereby became active. Ho found that puro air passed through a tube surrounded by tinsel or foil 'became active. Oxygen, nitrogen and hydrogen becamo active after being heated in a tube. Iu nono of the3o experiments was thero proof, or even suspicion, that dust had been formed, and he therefore was led to con fess that he had been too hasty in arriving at his theory aT-out dust. Tho cosine pursued by M. Coulier was Tory candid and scientific, and the question which now remains for considera tion is whether tho heating of the tubes and of the platinum wiro was sufficient to drive off particles from tho heated Bubstanccs into tho air. Hr. Aitken found that a wire modoratoly heated gave to the air a cloud;producing power, but that after it had been intensely heated tho activity of the air was destroyed, by, to uso his own words, ' all impnrities boing driven off,' But surely the driving off of impurities should produce dust, and the argument is thus by no means clear. No doubt tho presonce of dnsfc favors tho production of mist and clouds, but it doe3 not follow that it is the solo cause. In deed Mr. Aitken admits that when air is supersaturated with vapor tho formation of clouds must ensuo oven though no dost bo present. The proximity of tho surfaces' of a tube may prevent cloudiness, as Ihavo already shown, from the condensation of the vapor on them, but tho conditions in the wido expanse of heaven, aro totally dUTorent, and if thero be neither surfaces nor dust upon which the vapor can condense, it must, on tho oocurronco of ex pansion or cold, liquefy in open space. Air. Aitken, -nhp is a reasonable man, must admit that fog or cloud without nuclei would bo the result. To the -French and English experi menters- equal praise is due — the accident of priority helng a trifling matter; but I prefer to hold with tho 'latest conclusion arrivod at by M. Coulier that 'tho explanation of theso phenomena remains stilt td bo found.' ? In taking notico of tho progress of tho spelling reform movement I have pointed ont) that the great fault' of Pitman's and some other systems is that they ore too English, and: havo insisted that an international alphabet must ho the foundation on which any accep table system -should be built. This idealuis. occurred to othors, and it is a, satisfaction to find.that it will not bo allowed: to fall into hegleot. ?' An Orthographic Reform Congress will, tho Kolmischo Zoitung says, moot ,iri Berlin inSeptember next, to discuss threo pro positons— (1) the adoption of a general Euro pean alphabet} (2) a general Oriental al phabet; and (S) the taking- of preliminary steps for thbinsMtution'of a fixed universal alphabot. It is cxpoptod that Professor Max Mueller, Mr. Sayce,'Mr. . ^VilHams,, Dr Hunter, Dr. Eost, some Anglo-Indian officials, and some delegates from tho United Statos, will be present. ' Although Gorman is a phonotic language, the question is ? looked:upon with al most as much interest in Germany as in Eng land. . ? ? '?.'???' . :'????;?.-?? J The destructive hgencios of haturo havo been pnploasautly aotivo of late. '. Lahdalipa, parth. quakes and avalanches havo be.on * frequent, and hare been unusually fatal to human Hfo. Thoro have been oxtensivo landslips' in India and the Azores J the earth has irobaidod in tho Bait producing districts; thero havo boon earthquakes atAgram,Ischiaandothor places, whilo avalanches in Switzerland have become frequent. One avalancho buried the village of Breviercs, entombing thirty-two persons, twenty-fivo of whom, however, wero dug out alive, Another covered an extent of several miles in length to a depth of sixty feet. It ia supposed that fchreo hundred victims /oil in tho earthquake of Ischia, while iit Agram the shocks, though comparatively slightiudividually, were so prolonged that terror nnd exposure did more harm than tho shaking did. Tho effect of the Ischian disaster on the survivor3 was singular. Instead of crowding to the shore or to open spaces, where safety or _succor might havo been looked for, thoy hid themselves in remote recesses, ns if safety depended on their getting out of Bight, nnd thoy refused cither to move or Bpeak when discovered. No doubt theso disasters have been duly predicted by somo one, nnd, if not, there aro sure to bo plenty of prophets after tho fact, who will claim that thoy aro in accordance with somo theory or another. There nro plenty of seismic observers in Italy, nnd somo of them who aro vexed that they did not givo warning of what was going to happen declare roundly that tho catastrophe was not duo to an carlhquako at all. Tho boat plan for subjecting vines infected with the phylloxera to the action of sulphide of carbon is that dovised by M. Bourdon. He lays down a system of drains in which an air current is set up. Tlio sulphide is in this way disseminated so thoroughly that the whole sub terranean atmo3phore of tho vineyard is thoroughly impregnated with tlio poison, and none of it is wasted. Tho expense of tho drains is considerable, but thosulphide 13 economised, and tho work is really done. It is certainly cheaper to go to a considerable expense in the thorough accomplishment of a result than to wasto half tho amount in an abortivo attempt. Tho admission of women to tho Honor Examinations of Cambridjfo University has boon resolved upon at a crowdod Congregation by 392 votes to 32. So triumphant a majority was not looked for, and it is believed to havo been brought about by tho abstention from voting of a considerable number of thoso who were Opposed to tho enfranchisement of the ladies. Tho. wonder now is that the accom plishment of tho movement has been so long delayed, for the firat Btep was taken in 1805, when girls wcro admitted to the local examina tions, and the establishment of the College of Girton and Newnham would have beon meaning less if nothing more wero to be done. Thero is hope for tho old universities yet. They are in many respects farbehind the spiritof the age, but step l)y step they are making somo progress. Another laudable change lately mado deserves notice. All tho statutes aro now in English, and Latin is only in sonic cases retained in tho declarations which tho Masters and tho Follows make upon their admission. Q3DIPUS. 