All other things bong equal, there can be no objection to private enterprise superseding, the Government in furnishing the goidfields with diamond drills. But before endorsing the rabid and ill-digested remarks of some of our contemporaries upon this point, it is necessary that the public should receive the following information, firstly, the public should be informed whether, in the event of the Government retiring from the field, private enterprise will supply these drills in sufficient numbers to cope with all average or reasonable requirements; secondly, whether the terms for their use will be as just and fair as the. Government demands, and thirdly, whether all new diamond drills obtained will be manufactured in the colony, instead of bong imported. If private companies will do all these things, then there can be no objection to die Government giving up the diamond drill business and leaving private enterprise to meet (tie demand for these useful implements; and we tab it for granted that any Government would be only too glad to get quit of the burden. ~ But if private enterprise will not submit to these conditions—if it demands to do just as it chooGes, regardful only of its own interests, and not those of the genet al public—then we don't hesitate to 6ay that for the Government to retire from the field, in £avor of private enterprise, -would be about the most mischievous thing, in a case of this kind, that could well happen. - For there would be great danger, thenf- that the work of keeping the diamond drills in operation, would fall into a slovenly state, the moment a little check occurred in the popularity of these implements, or that the mining companies would find they had to pay heavier rates for the use of these drills, than are imposed upon them now," and would not be able to help themselves, except under great difficulties, or that no goldfield, where the population is sparse, or whose prospects are not permanent, would have a ghost of S show of ever getting one of these drills into work, or that the Victorian manufacturers would not have the least chance of getting the preference over the foreign producer. So long as the Governpient has the matter in hand every district has a good chance of obtaining one of these drills, for—frhere justifiable—pressure can always be used, as the number of drills is increased, to secure aid of this kind. In like manner, the rent is bound to be low, the repairs efficient, and the local establishments are sure to be patronised for all new drills needed. But these necessities might not be so fully met, were the Government out of the road, for then one or two companies would be sure to have the monopoly of these drills, owing to the large amount of capital which would be necessary to go into die business; in which case the community might find itself worse off, in a variety of ways, than it is now, by private enterprise. wholly superseding the Government in this direction. We do not say that all this would necessarily arise; indeed the very opposite might crane to pass. But there is the danger that something of this kind would spring up, if the Government gave np, unconditionally, this drill business altogether to private enterprise, owing, we repeat, to the vast amount of money which would be necessary to carry on a company of the sort, and to the hard and fast terms that this circumstance would necessarily give rise to. It is necessary, therefore, before the Government hands over this drill business to private enterprise, that it should have some guarantee that the three conditions which we have laid down above, willbe strictly observed; otherwise a great deal more harm than good would be done by allowing private enterprise - to entirely supersede the Government in this matter. For the application of the" diamond drill to mining, is exceptional over " all other affairs which the Government may well be asked to leave alone—it is a special work designed for national ends—and, those efforts for the general benefit which require and deserve exceptional treatment Of course, the reply to all this will be, that private enterprise' always does tilings better than Government, and that competition on the one hand, and the effort to mate the thing a success, on the other, would prevent all such evils as those we have outlined. Kit there are '- circumstances in life where contentions of this do not apply; and the use of the diamond drill seems to us to supply a circumstance, or inception, of dibs nature. Hie Government - should, therefore, be quite satisfied that the.pomraunity, as a whole, would lie benefited^ fby this diamond drill business being handed entirely over:to private enterprise, before it taikes this step, or, we repeat, more harm than good would be tbe consequence of . such a transfer. These" remarks are not put together.to oppose the step proposed by some of n<rr oonbmporaries. They are employed to advise the Government to be well satisfied that they toe on the right" track before they act, and notto fall in by our contemporaries, oMblrftjf qoite sure that the right thiqg is proposed, or of taking everything that issin^wd, in favor of private enterprise in this drill matter ov^Cfoveaiuacm%wd, f6r •ernraaat ts; ipeasfoiWiHoa^ai ."Mr Smith and his ing Jril OnejwftereTO) this jHt, and ments, virions, facts! ' First of all, tnaipiaj andhis coDeagucitlid a gniad the colony when they introduced 'Siese drills, as proved by what has since followed ; secondly, that the Berry Government offered to sell all the -d rills to any private company that might be formed,, subject to conditions that would protect die interests of the miners, and, thirdly, that a diamond drill was lying at Wflliamstown for over six months for anybody to buy, and nobody but the Government would make the purchase. In the face of these facts, to rail at the Bebbt Government over this drill business, is nothing short of scandalous aid despicable, or one of the most - men- dacious displays of political prejudice that could well be indulged in. Such political malice is, indeed, pitiful in the extreme, and stamps those who indulge in it as nothing else than infamous; for the particulars we have just supplied chow, in the first place, that the Bekbv Government did a splendid thicg for the colony, and, in the second place, that they were ready at any time to retire in -favor ef private enterprise, if proper conditions were only agreed to, and private enterprise was only willing to embark in the venture. We do not express any decided opinion upon whether the present Government should do what is now demanded, beyond this, that it should be quite sure that it'will be acting for the best, by giving up to private enterprise what is now being done by itself. But strong objection most be taken to the efforts which are being made by some of die Conservative papers, to decry -what die Berf.y Government did in this drill movement, partly, because these attacks are mean and cowardly in the extreme, and, partly, because a really grand thing was done for. this colony when diamond drill was brought into, opaafj tion. On this point, there can pertain^ be nodoubt, for all.the evidence speaks trumpet-tongued in favor of the thesis. 