A DARK NTOHT'S ADVEN TTJRE. Until Uie year 1854 I had the most pro found contempt for ghosts, mediums, spirit rappings, .-and everything else connected .with or bordering upon the supernatural; but the following .adventure will serve to show that, my firm belief in the nou*cxistcnce of such mysterious' personages and their un comfortable propensities has had good cause ' tn Yw shaken. Tn thp altnvn- mentioned vear James Nelson and myself, mates and bosom friends from boyhood, were working a chum on the Victorian diggings. It was located on the side of a low hill, at the bottom of which was a good-sized creek, running a pretty fair stream during the winter months, but . dwindling into waterholes in the summer. The nearest working claim to ours was at least a quarter of a mile off, all those closer having been deserted as exhausted or unrc munerative ; and many were the jokes per petrated at our expense by local wits for clinging so persistently to a piece of. land ' without- enough child: to.give us a fit of the sky-blues.' But still we toiled on, hoping against hope, and working against time, till our patience and perseverance were at length rewarded; soaking us the envy of those who laughed at us before. To proceed .with my story : — One night in August Jim and I were sitting in front of our tent, smoking our last pipe preparatory to turning in. The weather had been unusually warm all day for the time of year, and now heavy ink-black clouds, accompanied by terrific rolls of thunder, and blinding flashes of lightning, were gradually covering the sky. The extreme stillness of the atmosphere which always precedes a thunderstorm and makes you think Nature is silently gathering and preserving all her force, to burst presently with unbounded fury ; the blackness of darkness one moment, contrasted with the light almost of day in the next ; the dense scrub on the opposite side of the creek looking like a fallen thun der-cloud ; the isolation of the place, coupled with the absence of any sign of humanity beyond our immediate surroundings; all united to compose a scene sufficiently im pressive to awaken a feeling of awe in the most careless breast, and in the ignorant, the wildest superstition. For a long time we sat silent and meditative. At last Jim said with a shudder— 'What an eerie night; eerie enough to raise departed spirits with gory locks and no speculation in their orbs that they do glare withal, to freeze our young blood, and make each particular hair to stand on end. I hope they won't disturb the sweetness of our uightly slumbers.' ' Bah ! surely you don't believe in such old woman's trash as ghosts,' I exclaimed con temptuously. ' Well— no ; I can't say I altogether believe in them ; but still, you know, some jolly rum things happen sometimes, which nobody can explain satisfactorily. Itow, for instance, we once had a lady staying with us at home in England whose husband had gone to America. One night we were awoke by hearing a fearful scream, and all the lot of us, servants and all, turned out on to the laud ing pretty well scared. Every one denied having screamed, and at first we were puzzled. But my mother, who is a brave little woman as ever lived, bless her, at last remembered our visitor, and, going to her door, knocked. As there was no answer, she got a light and walked in, when she found the lady lying ghastly pale and senseless on the floor. Atfirst wethought she was dead, but we got her round after a bit, and then she told us her husband had appeared to her without a coat or waist coat, and a large spot of blood on the left side of hia shirt. My mother laughed it off, and partially persuaded her it was a dream. Well, I'm hanged, if a little while after, we didn't get news that he'd been stabbed in a r/iw w-it.lt 51. Vnnlrn** +.i'ar)oi»r and t.lifi ni'-llt. and hour exactly corresponded with that iu which his wife said his spirit appeared to her. Wliat do you make of that, my boy?' ' I should say the most reasonable way to look at it would be that at some period.of.her life — perhaps years before — she had been to see the ' Corsican Brothers,' or some equally blood- curdling representation, which made such an impression on her mind aa to come up afterwards in a dream, slightly altered to suit present circumstances, and the thought uppermost in her mind — fear for her hus band's safety in a land bristling with bowic knives and revolvers. Why, only the other night I dreamt my father, who has been dead for years, came and told me I should find the biggest nugget that ever blest the eyes of mortal man if I was to dig in a certain direc tion ; but I wasn't fool enough to think the dream meant anything, or that it was my father's spirit who had paid me a visit, for -I knew the origin of it was the remembrance of how he came when I was at school once, and told me he had brought a big plum cake, which I should find in a specified corner of a box.' *? ' Oh, its all very fine to philosophise like that, Charlie, but I wouldn't mind laying a pretty heavy bet that if anything white and ghostly-looking was to come along now you'd be just as scared as anybody else.' 'And 111 lay you ten to one if ever we come across anything professing to be a ghost I'll catch it, and see what it's made of.' 'Done.' 'All right— hand on it. Ghosts, pshaw ! I no more believe anyone has seen a real ghost than Sam Weller believed anybody had ' seed a postboy's tomb.' By Jove, what a crash !' ' Jehosaphat \ if I haven't left our new bucket up at the bend. If there's a flood down the creek, it'll be a case of parting to meet no more. I'll just run up and get it.' Left alone, I felt that undefinable feeling I have heard so many say they experience in a storm. It is neither fear nor superstition, but rather a sense of humility in the presence power, which make you feel how utterly you are at the mercy of Him whose 'chariots of wrath the deep thunder clouds form. ' £l tried to banish the thought, and railing myself snugly into my blanket, prepared to court the favors of Morpheus ; but just as I was about to close my eyes I fancied I saw, by a flash of lightning, a motionless figure of peculiar appearance standing about two yards from the door of the tent Another flash con vinced me ; and I confess, despite ray brave assertions of a few minutes before, I felt a sickening terror creeping into my heart which almost stopped its action. In a moment I thought, ' What a fool I am ; of course, it's only a trick of Jim's.' Calmly, and far more expressively, I fear, than I dare write it, I said — 'So the bucket was a little ruse, was it, Jim? and you thought you were going to frighten me, didn't you, Jim ? You deserve great credit for the way ? ' I stopped short, for the figure glided up to where I lay, and slowly bending down, placed an icy hand on my forehead, and glared into my eyes with what looked like balls of phosphorescent light, which quickly grew brighter till they shed a soft radiance around like that which comes from a shaded lamp, enabling me to see perfectly that my visitor was not of earthly mould. It had not the transparent appearance generally as cribed to spirits, looking. more like moon stone or white cornelian, but without the clearly-defined outlines which a figure cut out of such stones would possess. It was dressed in a long robe of a semi-opaque, smoke colored material. I felt a fascination 'from those dazzling orbs growing over me, and en deavored to lift my arm to strike them from me, but it was powerless ; and as the figure began to recede, I felt unable to resist follow ing it, or shift my gaze from those balls of fire. It glided on, keeping its eyes (if I may mII 4iiMn -nii4il4,Tiw1 nn mini- jfonrivinir me of all power to act in accordance with my will, which was to run back as fast as possible to my domicile and the companionship of a human being. On we went, it leading and I helplessly following, till we got into the scrub, when the rain begantopourlntorrentsi wan drenching me to the Man ; bit it fatted tocoolthefevfemmning wildly.;airougb:iny mia* 3ftowlong«^*orrible30«rneyl*8tta Idobottnoir; it ieedw* to me *n eternity. [ At last the sptritrtopped, and immediately its appearance changedinto * silvery .ny of light, through which— oh, horror!— I could plainly -discern the remains of a human creature, perfectly nude and wasted almost to a skeleton, fastened to a tree, with what looked to me 'then like bands of hoOp-iron. Suddenly the light vanished, leaving me alone with that ghostly spectacle dimly visible ttfo or three feet in front of -me. _But with, the light the spell had gone, and giving one frantic yell I fled as if pursued by fiends till I fell exhausted and unconscious. My first sensation on regaining- conscious ness was one of singularly peaceful happiness —such as a child would have- when waking from a refreshing sleep. Alt around was tots! darkness and silence, and I began to wonder where I was. I tried to call Jim, but found I could not articulate ; tried to lift my hand to feel for something I could recognise, but it would not move. Then I thought, ' This is death,' and tried to remember a prayer, but ? memory failed me, and I sank into a lethargy which must have been- followed by a sound sleep.. On awaking I felt much stronger, and again endeavored to lift my hands, this time succeeding. Slowly extending them out- . wards on each side, I was puzzled to find them stopped almost immediately by some bard substance which' felt like wood. Oh, the tide of agonising horror which rushed over me! shall never forget, as the thought entered my brain, 'lam in a coffin— buried — buried alive ; buried far away from all my ? fellow-creatures, where there is no one to hear me however loudly I scream !' Nevertheless I did scream— screamed like a maniac in the height of Us raging mad ness. To my astonishment and relief in .a. ?few moments a light shone in my eyes, and a woman's gentle face was bending over me. Placing a cool hand on my fevered browshe ? soothed me as a mother soothes her ailing, peevish child. When I was calm she brought a [.refreshing drink, and poured it between my parched lips. I began to ask her ques tions in a weak, shaky voice, but she bade me ' be quiet, and go to sleep,' and, blowing out the candle, left me. ~ I obeyed, not waking till daylight streamed . in fat the little aperture, innocent of glass, which served as a window. My surround ings were utterly strange to me, and far more civilised than any in which I had revelled for many a long day. I was actually in a house, composed of mud and slabs certainly, with no window, and a floor of mother earth, with the trunk of a tree cut down to the suitable height for a table in the middle of the room, and rude fixed benches around it for seats ; but still it was a house, and that meant a good deal to me then. I almost laughed as I dis covered the cause of the previous night's terror. I was placed between a rough deal box and the wall, which my imagination had conjured into the sides of a ' narrow home.' Then I began wondering how I got there, and if Jim was anywhere close ; won dering if that woman'* face was a dream, and how it was I seemed to have sole possession of the house ; wondering — well, things innume rable, till my reverie was broken by hearing footsteps and a man's cheery voice calling — ' Let's have breakfast now, Jenny, las? ; I'm just upon starving.' 'All right, father,' answered a sweet female voice ; 'the kettle is boiling, but Tve been, goodness knows how long, trying to drive that calf into the paddock, and the breakfast isn't ready ; but I won't be aminule getting it.' Surely I knew that first voice ; the second I recognised as the one which spoke to me in the night. Heavy steps made their way up to where I was lying, and a face — a face which brought back home, and kindred, and tender memories — came in sight, ' Mr. Ashton,'' I cried, in as big a voice as I could get up. i . 'Yes, I am Mr. Ashton; but I don't know how you know me. I don't recognise you in tne least.' 'Charlie — Charlie Bateman,' was all I could say, for the sight of that dear familiar face in my weak condition unnerved me, and I burst into a storm of tears, in which my friend joined me. He had been my father's dearest friend, and one to whom I, when a boy, always looked up with affection and respect. I pass over the conversation which fol lowed, as it would be uninteresting to the; reader, consisting merely of a relation of my friend's reasons for coming out here to set jip as a 'cockatoo farmer,' and eager enquiries on my part as to the old folks at home. He then asked how I came to be in my present situation, how long I had been there, and what had been the matter with me, and was told I had been picked up about ten miles away by a hawker's van, and brought on three weeks ago, since when I had lain inadelirium of fever, shrieking and struggling almost in cessantly. 'That is the reason you put me between this box and the wall, I suppose?' ' Yes. Sometimes Jenny and I were obliged to leave you alone, aud then I tied your hands and feet, and put a blanket each, side of your head to keep you from knocking your brains out, little thinking it was the son; of the man I loved best in the world grown; into such a burly bushman, I was saving from unintentional suicide.' 'You pretty nearly killed me, notwith standing,' I said, with a feeble laugh,' 'for I thought I was buried out in the scrub, and would have to stay there till I was really dead.'' 'Poor l-oy! Now Jenny must give you a basin of slop, and then you must be quiet and go to sleep, or we shall have you indulg ing in a relapse, which is not to be desired.' The reader may deem it strange, perhaps/ that on recovering my senses I made no' allusion to my uight adventure ; but it had completely passed from my mind, aud it was. not till Mr. Ashton told me, when nearly' well, that all my ravings had been about ghosts and dead men, that the full re-; membranee of it returned with its comple ment of horror in nowise abated. I gave him all the particulars, and at my earnest solicita tion he consented to set forth with me .in search of. the object, which would prove the truth of my story. We started the search from the place where ? I was found — the man who had picked me up having, fortunately, given the name of it to my companion. For three days we wandered through the scrub without result, scarcely speaking or resting ; on the fourth, we deter- ; mined to give it up as useless. Knowing well . the position of the two places from whence I ' started and where I fell, enabled me to judge to some extent the direction I must have', taken ; but in a thick scrub it is nothing un usual for people to pass close by the thing ; they arc looking for and not see it. This is what must have happened to us ; for on our return by the way we came (we had marked fie trees), just varying our path by a few feet, caused us to find lofttU we came for, exactly as I had described it, excepting the ravages made by time. I will not sicken the reader with a descrip tion of the saddening spectacle 'beyond this : — The poor wretch must have been fastened there, out of a motive of revenge, by some demon in human form, .when too weak to de fend himself, to die one of the mo3t fearful deaths possible — death by starvation and want . of water. To carry out the devilish perfor mance to its fullest extent, a pannikin, which had evidently contained water, was placed just in front of the unhappy victim. The feet and hands were tied with a small strong \ cord, which his mad struggles had causedto' cut to the bone ; and round the body, were two stout swag straps carried to the back of - the slim, but tougbly-grown tree, and firmly fastened. A final rope round the neck, too' tight for the head to slip through, too loose; to cause strangulation, and the work (worthy? of none but a savage or a fiend) was finished. In due time we placed the remains in a grave, -with the inscription - - : ' Found, September 31, 1S54. Bcquiescat in pace.' A crucifix .hanging round the neck, which; must have.. been, left from superstitious: scruples, was sent, to the'police, to enable, them if possible to t*tain * clae to bis! ictentilT and^t of Ws muruerer. \ .. ' _ ' ? -MewtZ.]mp)m. tb^aligbtejit dpabfc there; . «gi i»-mp»»mmwiif pmfi iiij ii I wiim mi |il hiiim' aboutt^trntJtofthepreoe£n^iaaraiii«ittia^ it-n all staff cod nonsense ; that there aerer . walk a ghost, and never will be ; that departed ?pints .have something better t* d* than afcay pn earth to alarm and annoy une'epattoA 'ones ; and Fam perfectly ready to receive aajr explanations they may offer, to try and prova it was. by natural means I was conducted t» that ifhfortunatc man's body. In return, I will give- them ample testimony as to the find* ing Of the remains. If I. had. not succeeded in finding them, T should have concluded the vision was but a trick of the imagination, induced by the pre vious conversation ; as I did find them, I can not but believe that it was a spirit, which. 'when it hod shuffled off its mortal coil, led, me to the remains of its earthly tenement. 