The debate on the no-confidence motion in tlic Victorian. Assembly terminated r.t 2 o'clock this morning, wlu-u a division was taken, which resulted in a majority of three against the Government, A telegram hits been received in this city by the Adelaide branch cf the lirmef Fcluheim, Jacobs, & Oo., stating that tho lirm'a prcrnisoi in Melboiuce liave been destroyed by fire, but it is believed tho loss is noarly covered by insurance. Visitors to " Darwin's Missing Link" continue to bo pretty numerous, and tho interest taken in this curious crei'-turo and his com panions, the clogs, seems to be unabated. It was a matter of surprise to many per sona v.Lo had seen the .'liver Torreua on Thursday morning represented by merely a turbid torrent, to notice in the eveuiug a fine shcc-t of water, extending as far as tho oyo could reach east and west of the Adelaide Bridge. We are informed that all but oue of the sluices at tho dam bavo been closed, and certainly tho. broad stream visible gave rise to pleasant anticipations of tho enjoyment to be experienced on tho river when tho liaal arrangements shall have bo en mado. Vvr e under stand the remaining sluice will be closed this afternoon, His Worship the 51 ay or and members of tLo City Council and other gentlemen being present. Wo may mention that already the river has been navigated, Mr. J. M. Christie having been up and down in his canoo on several occasicna. He has been the first to venture on the water, and yesterday rowed from just below the Company's Bridge to the dam, and he informs us ho thoroughly enjoyed-the spin in such a fine sheet of water. We understand that arrange ments are being made to have the opening of the dam on July 21 carried out with all the proper ceremonies. Pleasure boats will be pro vided for ilia Excellency the Governor, the Mayor, snd the city councillors and other gentle men, and a procession of beats will pass up the river to a staging opposite the Exhibition Grounds, where the dam will ba declared for mally open. The party will then proceed to the Exhibition Grounds, whore His Excellency wiil declare the Adelaide Exhibition open. The following is a recoid of the rainfall between 9 a.m. on Thursday and the same hour on Friday Quern Wilmington ... Mrircse Luiua Crystal Brook Caltowie Jamestown ... Gladstone Karridy 1'edhili Haliett Fetcreburgh ... Farreli'a Flat... Clare Auburn Hoyleton Balaklava Port Wakefield Smithfield ... Msnnum ... Mount Pleasant Gumeraeba ... Mount Torrens Bljth Salisbury Adelaide (Ghs.) Nosi lungs ... Mount Barker Eudunda Echunga Strathalbyn ... Wiliunga Eotmanville ... 0-S39 i Mount Gambier 0 260 Wirrahara ... OTOO j The provisional directors of the Largs Bay Land and Investment 'Jcrupauy (Limited), pro ceeded to allot the shares ou Thursday evening. We are informed that 50,659 shares were applied for. The allotment notices will be posted as early as possible. We have been asked by the secretary of the Forest Board to notify that Mr. Brown's book on Forest Culture may be had free on application, but he desires it to be understood that sufficient stamps to oover postage she old rIeo be forwarded, as some applicants have neglected this necessary point. The Adelaide Fire Brigade, under the direction^ Mr. A. J. Baker, turned out for prac tice on Thursday evening, June 30, at 8 o'clock. On the roll being called it was found that there were sixteen firemen, three horse-reels, and two hand reels present. After the examination oE the hand-reels, the three horse-reels, saoh with five men in attendance, were started at tho 8Bme time to different plugs, the distance beiug about 109 yards. Each reel ran off 259 yards of hose, opeusd tho fire plugs 0 040 Wallaroo 0190 0 020 Hadina 0 230 01-10 Mconta 0-270 0-213 Port Victoria... 0155 0.290 Maiiland ■ ... 0-200 0-300 Arorossan ... 0-030 0430 Minlaton 0-031 0-280 Yorketown ... 0-130 0-162 Stansbury Edifchbnrgh ... 0-120 0.330 0 C.'a 0-3D0 Warooka 0135 0-070 Overland Corner 0 010 0 200 N.-W. Bend ... 0020 0-220 Blanchatown... o-oso 0-170 ilivarton 0-220 01C0 Kapnnda ... 0-129 0100 Freeling 0-120 0-030 Gawler 0-130 0-060 •Milang 0-410 0 020 Fowler's Bay... 0-020 0 300 Port Line sin... 0110 0320 Caps Borda ... 0-185 0-240 Kingscote 0-335 0100 Cape Jar vis ... o-ioo 0-140 Fort Elliot ... 0-400 o-iso Goolwa 0-310 0-100 Kingston Kobe 0-040 0 550 .0-040 0120 Border Town... 0-260 0 500 Pcnola... 0.140 0 065 Millicent 0130 0 230 Beacbport 0 100 screwed down the hydrant?, and hid fhs water playing within two minutes. No. 1 reel was first to play, No. i second, and No. 2 third. In the second trial, No. 2 real was first, No. 4 second, and No. 1 third.' The hose was then rolled up, and the men were exercised in the vise of tho scaling ladders, arid they all displayed great activity, and worked with much spirit. Although tha night was dark and tho roads very muddy, tho drill, which lasted for an hour and a half, appeared to_ ba eujGved by the men, to whom, at its conclusion, Mr. Baker addressed a few words, compliment' ing them on tha discipline and tha smartness tlic-y had displayed. "For some weeks/' says the Border Waieh of Jane 29, "the escapades of some mischief-loving licet footed larrikin, who occa sionally parades the streets of Mount Gambier at a late hour with something white over him, has been tho snbject of a good deal of table-talk and no little alarm to the timid. Most people have a strong antipathy to meeting a white reg moving about in tho dark, and eo far no one who has encountered 'the ghost' has had the pluck to attempt his capture. Last Sunday night a burly coachdriver was vowing in the Mount Gambier Hotel stables that if he only got a sight of the miscreant he would make it warm for him. On turning out to go home between 10 end 11 o'clock he found 'the ghesi' waiting at tho corner of I the hotel._ Instead, however, of rushing at the j dread object, his eourag3 took refuge in Uia heels, and before he got backed up the gk03t : was gene. Many of the stories about the vhost are undoubtedly imaginary, but there i3 suffi cient reality about the affair to warrant U3 in urging that decided steps should bo taken to i step the nuisance. So far no great harm has been done, bat serious consequences may ensue if some perron in delicate health or of extra nervous temperament is frightened.' We hops the police and the town council will co-operate in ferreting out the miscreant and stopping his games." The latest addition to Mr. Wivell's Art Gallery is a picture by Grenfeld entitled " Sheep-shearing in Germany." This work has just arrived from the Melbourne Exhibition, aud has been most favorably criticised ! wherever it has been shown. It was hung for a lime at the Iloyal Academy of Berlin whence it was sent to Sydney, in which city it excited a great amount ot interest. The scene represents the inside of a German shearing-shed, where Hevc-ral shearers, all except one being woman, are engaged at their tonsorial work. On the left are two elderly ladies who have brought a pet sheep to ths barbers, aud are busily em ployed in discussing the latest news while their woolly ^charge isbeing'divested of its superfluous clothing. The 'faces 'of the old ladies form a remarkably clever study and are very lifelike. On the right is a capital figure of an old woman, who is standiJg up with her hands on her hips "taking a spel." Entering the door is an old men bearing j thickly fleeced sheep in hie arms, the weight of which .appears to b9 almost too much for him; both man and animal are good natural studi-s. A pair of cocks disputing the possession of i corner roost are a la a well drawn —the whole jicture forming a careful and in teresting woik. The artist has evidently a leaning to wauls the old school style, and has succeeded in contrasting the lights and shades in the present picture with admirable c-fl'ecii. Mr. Wivell has priced the work ia question at ££00, and considers it cue of the_ba3t pictures he has exhibited in his gallery, iu af lifcion to the picture named," Daybreak off the Hebrides" and all the est union prizes are at the present time on view. The inquest on the body of the man supposed to be named Frank Bennett, who died on board the schooner Magnet on June 27, was resumed by the city coroner at the Port Admiral Hold, Port Adelaide, on Thursday afternoon, June 550. Mr. H. Graves was ;'ors- j man of the joy. Captain McLeod, one of the j jurymen, was absent with his vessel, and his j excuse was actepted. luspector Sullivan having j explained ihsl no shipmasters would have been ' tailed on the jury had the constable not been new to his wo:k, a discussion arose as to whether another juror should be a warn in. Tim coroner decided to tare another juror, though one of the others objected to if, and protested against it on the ground that the new juror had not seen tho bod; of deceased. J. Derrick, laborer, of Pert Adelaide, gave evidence to the effect that ho thoujht ike deceased w-r.3 Frank Bennett, icrrnerly oi the ship Gatcsic'u', from which he ran away. Had been in correspondence with him for some time, and his (Bennett's) last letter stated that ha was coming do wn. He hail been for scire lime- employed in tho Gander rouges. Inspector Sullivan said that Constable McUord, of Streaky Bay, had telegraphed to the effect thsfc tho mauFiaak Bennett wont to that place from Port Adelaide iu September irst, ar.d had been employed in the trawler rangc-a by Mi. Schleuk. Daily in the present month ha eaid bo was going to Adelaide to meet bis brother, who was supposed to be coming out from Ungland. Captain Tulioch.of the Magnet, stated that the deceased stowed a v.-ay inhia vessel when he went to Streaky Bay. The jury found that the deceased, Frank or Arthur Ben nett, died from natural causes. The induction of lhel-.ev. I"'. 1- Go?hl;m, B.A., as incumbent of St. Luke's Chinch, "Wliituiors-fqiuire, took place in the church on Thursday evening, Juno 30. Owing to tho inclement state of tha weather the congregation was not a large ono, Tho service was conducted by the Bev. Mr. French, the lessons being read by rise Very Novsrcnd Dean ltusseli, B.D., and tlio 'Veil. Archdeacon Marry at, M.A. The Archdeacon presented the Iter. Mr. Ooghlan as duly appointed to the euro cf souia in the parish, and alter prayers on behalf of tho new incumbent of St. Luke's had been offered, the Dean commended him to the affection?,to reverence oi the congrega tion. The sermon was preached by Archdeacon hi am at, who chose for his text the words, " Brethren, pray for u?," I. Theasaloniana v., 2-3. Tho presx-hor began by describing tho early days of the Christian Church, and followed with a reference to the corruptions which gradur'ty grew up aud finally overspread Christendom, until the reformation came to purify the church. In the present day he said tha reformed Church upon the people had recently been acknow ledged in amC3t ample and satisfying manner by Nonconformist ministers, Tha Church of England even in tha eyes of its rivals was a great living power, tho church of the nation j ai.il!, and the church upcn.which to a very largo extent the religious character oi the people j depended. Tho venerable archdeacon then pro ceeded to point out the duties of the parish of £fc. Luke's and its now incumbent', reminding tha congregation that in the appointment of their new roiiiister they were really making a new start in the work of Christ. H'a closed an impressive sermon by exhorting them to assist the new incumbent with their prayers and their practical co-operation iu carrying oat tho duties of his high office. During tho 3V3n ios the choir of tho church sang several a lithe ma in a creditable manner. An adjourned meeting of the Presbytery of South' Australia was held on Wednesday, Jesiio 29. The meeting was constituted by prayer by tha moderator (Bev. Thos. Gray, of Mount Pleasant), Sederunt — The moderator,Bsvs. J. Lyall and D. Paton,M.A, B.D., Messrs. T. D. Pearson, T. F. Monteith,and Dr. Bcbexison, and the clerk of Presbytery (Bev. J. Hail Angus). Apologies were received and sustained lor tli9 absence of the Bovs. Ales. Law and Bobfc. Mitchell, it was intimated tin ; the usual official notice of the moderation at fit. Andrew's Church had been transmitted by the clerk of Presbytery, and had been duly served on Sundays, June 12 and 19.- The Eov, D. Paton (moderator of St. Andrew's Kirk session) reported that a meeting of the congre gation was held on Tuesday, Jane 21, at which li6 had presided, when after sermon aud the usual explanations it was proposed, seconded, and unanimously agreed, that tha name of the llev, Robert A, Caldwell, of Mount Gambier, be inserted in I he call from St. Andrew's congrega tion, and Messrs. W. Skethewav and C. W. Fowler were appointed t ommissioners to repre sent the congregation at the meeting of Presby tery cn Wednesday, June 29. Thirty-six members and nine adherents signed the call that evenirg, and fifty-four members aud fifty-five aciierenis had signed it since, so that the signatures now number l£4. Mr. Monteith (representative older), in the absence of the commissioners, who were unable to be present, referred to the fact that the call addressed to the Bev. It. A. Caldwsll was the unanimous expression of the people's mh'da. The Bev. J. Lyail thereupon moved that the conduct of the mederator be approved, that the call be sustained, and that the same be forwarded at once to the clerk of the Hamilton Presbytery; that an intimation of tho facts be given to Mr. Caldwell, and tho call be com mended to his favorable consideration Tnis was seconded by the Bev. J. Hall A ugus, and cgreed to. ~\Ye have noticed in the shop of Mr. Hagedorn, of Hindiey-street, a portrait of the. Emperor of Gcmauy painted by one of Mr. Hagedorn employes. The likeness is a fair one, and reflects credit oa the artist. Hartley Campbell's drama "The Galley Slave" was repeated for the last time at the Theatre Boys' on Thursday evening, aud was well received by all who were present. This evening Mr. W. H. Leake is to take his benefit, and a double bill will be presented, namely, "My Partner," and the " OorBican Brothers." 