INTEECOLONIAL TELEGKRAMS. VICTORIA. Melbourne, Sentember 28. The Rev. W. Burgess, from India, a brilliant lecturer, was enthusiastically invited by his last audience of two thousand people to repeat his lecture in the Melbourne Town Hall. He has promised to do so after his visit to South Australia. He and Mrs. Burgess are voyagers per Cathay to-day. NEW SOUTH WALES. [From our own Correspondent.] Sydney, September 26. During the recent voyage of the immigrant ship Nineveh a pratical joke was perpetrated which has since led to unhappy consequences. One of the young female immigrants dressed herself in a white sheet, pretending to be a ghost, and at the dead of night stalked among the sleeping girls, whom she aroused. In one instance the shock was so severe that the girl loBt her reason and became hopelessly insane. She was examined on the arrival of the ship by a medical man, on whose certificate she had been sent to the asylum. The matter will be investigated by the Immigration Board. Four Chinese gentlemen were baptized as Christians by Dr. Steele on Sunday at St. Stephen's Church. Sydney, September 28. Hopes are entertained that the smallpox is stamped out, but it seems improbable after the great spread of the disease over every quarter of the city. A wild bullock caused much consternation at Newcastle by rushing through the streets and charging several persons. Its furious outslaught gave such a Bhock to Mr. John Rodgers Taylor, an old resident, that after entering his house he dropped dead. He had heart disease. Two persons, one being a guard on a train and the other a passenger, narrowly escaped being killed through the latteJuttemptinj to leave a train at Paramatta railway station whilst in motion. The guard seized hold of the passenger, and both fell between th<s carriages and platform, causing a scene of great excitement. NORTHERN TERRITORY. [From our own Correspondent.] Port Darwin, September 58. The remains of H. Nott, who was drowned through a boat accident on Sunday morning last, have been found. They are frightfully mutilated. An inquest was held, and resulted in a verdict of accidentally drowned. 