3MA'.FF'lA POLICE COURT. Sý;MON DA', ýNov. 7TI, 1881. ' (Before A.;W. Hewitt, Esq, P.M.) Scully' .''T?rlmio.--M 'Tlhoitson for ,illhititif Thlii7ws wi clanii, for i'rk itfend labour'dono. Defendant leadmitted owing £5i 12s id, for which ani order was mnado -with Court costs. , i ,... ' . Harrington v. Sanme.-Anmount claimed, ,£4,10s; forvwork anud llabour. 'Ordor, for amount, with 23s ld costs. .)Duckyv. Sam:i.-For work; and labour, £2 lOs 100d.:r Order for amount, costa 13s, in default distress in each case. .J. 'M'Doi.ild! v.'D. M'Colo..-For' riak. ing use of insulting language, with intent to provoke a breach of the peace. Mlr Thomson, for'ecompliinaliti Mr Bushe for defendari""J. M'Donald trited. that heo was ;i'ittlo dealer, and that oir"thli14th of ('O . hoe was ut the ide y'ards at'Maffra, ivlitro hle ieot defendant, and had coin vbrsation with hini about, cattle trans actilii,(-;i«i dtlio defeiidautl illed him certriin disgusting names, and challenged hiin to " take it out'of hinm." This took place opposite .Messrs M'Loau's oflico,_in tlhomaaint fatoetilhfifiL This.levidonch waii corrborated by P. Reeves, farnier. Fined £2,. csts'£21'Od,' John Ml'Innes. ;v.Heoriry Smyth.--Mr Thomson appeared for plaintiff, Mr l?ushe for 'defendant. Summons for assault. John' iL'Inu1es, stated that he was a farmer residinig 'ait'Vilenicia Creek. On thu 211th of Sept. he went to count some rails that were boingusplit for him ; Smyth camd'iup''Oitorsleback, said l ie intended to thrasl.lhim, and.thereupon caught hini by the tlhroit. Tlio 'deofendant struck him 'sever?l times on the face; tried to defetid •hiiuiself; defeiidant knocked him down, knelt on' his chest, severely bruised his til~,iitnd injured to of his fingers. Plain tiffldabhe to:&Maflfra; and saw Dr. Eccles, wlho had examnined him ; hapaid paid £1 Is for doctor's fees and 2s Ud for imedicin ; had not given any cause for the assault. ' Cross-exaumined by Mr Bushe : Had not -beeu ou speaking terlui with Smyth' for some time past. : aid heard tliiit' Stiytlh intoended to thrash him. Had not-beoen talking about haIviig seen his mother's ghost. It ,was ;nuot'a ,regular stand pli fight. Asked the lan ~lho iras splitting not to lit Smnlth' kill ilit. ''Tooki?offi `his shrht whlien o' found hlie was, gettiiig!tlhe woist' of' it,: thlit rai away about' three Ihundrel yards; picking 'up a smull stick, .but thriow it away.' Dri Eccles deposed thht >M'Innes cante to hint on Oct. 20 for medical advice.' He found'plaintitils face cut in soveral places, anrd he comlplainted of a paiii in left side. Subsequently found at bruise on his left shoulder, anlid left halnd swollen, anld two fingers contracted. BIelieved the wounds on face to be the result of it blow. To Mr Busho ; Could not say for cor tain how the lnjurles occurred; they could scarcely hatvo happened fro a farill. C, Metzastene, farmer, deposed he re momubured hearing Smyth call 3r'Inmres names and use insulting expressions. Saw him strike M'Imnecs, who said ho did not want to light. Saw each of the combatr tants with sticks in their hlmands. To Mr lBushe : Was only a fewe yards oil whern Smyth canto up. Smyth struck lllumaes first. They fought several rounds when both took off their shirts. It lasted about a quarter of an hour. To Mr Tholrmson : The assault was wholly provoked by Smyth. W. J. nMiiiiest son qof plailltifl; deposed that 19 kltpw Sulylthi r " W r'as cdmlung from school some time previous to the irs sault,, wheo Smiyth rode ip and threatened to break his mouth, and said Ihe wouhl kill his father. John M'Intyro deposed: He knew plaintilf and defendant for the last 8 or 9 years. Had heard Simyth say he would draw plaintiffs eyes out. Smyth had said to him that M'Inune had stated heo had scen the ghost of defendant's mclther. To M[r Bushe : Had spoken to 'Innes about it, and ho had heard somle old women's tales to that effect. To Mr Thomnson : Smnyth wasthe first to mention to me about the glost. This ended the plaintift's case. ti Mr Busho, for tile defence, uroed that the case was a nost trumpory affair. Tile facts were that thlere was an old grudgo between thlem. Thile plaintiff had mad certain remarks relative to tile slliritual condition of dofeondant's Inother, who had boeenl dead and' uried some time. That Was very iurtful to his (dofendant's) feel ings, and he would call a witness to prove whllat lie stated was correct. -Sarah. 'Inlltyro leposed she' wasp at M'Innes's farm' somne time before the fight. Mr. and M0rs M'Inines were pro. sent. Mr M?lnes stated that' lie hlad seeon Snyth's motllher'sghost, who v-as in purtitory,'and tlatl the sumn of £10 would have to be paidboefor asho could-beare leased. . . :': , 1, Cross.oxaiined by Mr Thomson: Tills conversitioi 'took place lbout 0' montlhs ago; hadnot mentioned the conversation to anyone. . The liench fined defenidant 20s, lnd'13s costs. MIichaol Sl?lytll, for using,threatening words5.tolfards J. Ml'Innes, ?ms bound over to keep the peace for 0 monthls in his own recognalsance in £2o: A similar information was swvorn agailnst 'Wm. Russell by J. 1'Ilnnces, but, was Jolhn Ryan was charged with assultilg Johl Noonan at Glenmlaggio. Mr Bushe foritho defence.-, J. Noonan deposed lhe was a brtlior-inu-hl.t of tile plironeIr,' nd wIia called upon by Mrs Ryan :to prevent her husband from' dolilg :hr injury. He remonstrated with Ryanll, who .picd up a lhatmnollcreadd whllip and tinrenteoned Ilil. Witnessplt-lnlis, arms around"d. fondant,, nildthov ihip was1 taken from hini;'. Afterwards 'tle prisoner weIit'ouit side and was takingedown tile slp paeils, when he got a brand and struck at witniss throughs the window.:' Wititess'went out to' take :the brnid" fronm him rwhen he struck his' with the brand (produced) over tile head, aind a second blow on the shoulder. PMr Frazer canme to witneOs's assiitanco,'ain1l'took 'the brand frbin do. fendant. The top of witness's head was cut. He knocked the defendant down and struck' Inl across the Inge. iMr 1rusl11 crosos-eoxallitted the phlitit 'and it appearing thaIlt both mIen were in fault, the bench diissuin0aed tile' case. 