Local Ufews. AVuare'iiiFormed hyii. Hume Black,' E-q., MiL.A., that the Gwernor proposes - to. call at'Mackey on his return South ooHoy 10fhr hut that offipinl notification will be' sent to His Worship, the. Mayor. and. also the Chair-, man of thelPiVisiounl.^ Board . from ,the Northern Ports— and that His Excellency's visit will- probably last till the -16th. ? ''? ? ; THe- names of the -lady passengers who arrived by- the Etamanp last Tuesday should have been printed Mrs. T. Mallinsou : not iliss Lingford. Wliile we correct this error at the request of the My just named, we desire to state that the names of the passengers by the Blamar.g were furnished to us. as they appear iu 'Wednesday's issue. ' . : .. :. In the accoantof the meetinf; of theFiuance Committee of the Muaicipal Conncil, in our last issue, we inadvertently published the rate of tollageat 6d. in the £. whereas it shoni', have been 6-1 per ton. JV^in^- ? ,,a' raiitake, ^''(jJj^is'GE. Drfc' -qraiogisa for the re:'tl''arMl*Trtii-ii((pe that. our_readera were al 'jiriay- sufliaently - aware :ot; the system *of l'jlla»e to have at once discovered the error. ? t ° ' ? i ^. ?*...,. Tki Zbi«ri;aer-iZa,''.Qf the .20tii iuati ahr nriunces that 'the editor, printer,, and pub isher (Mr;:T.rO'Kane) of Tie: Northern Miner has been served with a writ for ,£2000 for libelling Mr. District Conrt Judge Hely.' Some time ago, we' published,' in ouradrertis in' 'jolumns, an apobgy from Mr. O'Kane to Jod«;e Hely, bat it now appears, according to our =cohtemp.-rary abore quoted, that his Houor has not seen fit to accept Mr. O'Kane's apology : hence the action. Wb trust the 'meeting of the Mackay Ama teur Dramatic Club; when next calle.1, will. be. productive of good. It is almost needless to refer to the many advantages derivable from an institution like this: Dur inifTnahy years gast it tis been the means not only of prodncing :*gooi3 aiid legitimate enter tainments of ever/ description, but of con siderably augirisuting the, funds of our principal charities, not to mention many neiilentai benefits. 'VVe, hope, that this goo 1 work will be continued for many a year to. come, and that each succeeding will be aWe to record some additinns to the ranks of this deservedly popular Club. Last year's returns were, perhaps, below the average, but when tho number of travelling companies which visited our town is considered, it will be found that it was almost on impossibility to intro duce the usual number of entertainments held during ordinary seasons. This year the same deterring causes may perchance, occur, but the Dramatic Qliib . should nit, on that account, lose heart, 'because we feel sure that, however much . the play-loving portion of Maciay may. patronise— anil we hope they will— all the. good*. companies which. visitns, they will ever reserve a soft corner' in their hearts, and packets, for their.own local insti tntion, which has- done such excellent work and pleased them so well in the times gone by- ..?': ?''',:?: ?'-''.-.' '.'. '. ?;, The Bronzewing left the wharf yesterday rooming at 11 o'clock with a large paity of ladies and gentlemen to visit the royal mail steamer Merkara. with his Excellency the Governor oh board, The Mcrkara has already been desoribed in these columns; and we learn from ,-m eya-witness that she fnlly meriti the eulogistic terms in which she was- then portrayed: The steamer came to an anchor under. Round Top Island, at noon, and th« Bronzewing party were courteously shown over the Bhip — one hour reing spent on board. Dnring this time, some of the gentlemen were successful in schmpper fishing, and one mag nificent fish was sent to his Excellency the Governor as a sample of Mackay productions. Captain Hannah.-well known; in thpse waters in the old days, is' piloting' the Merkara as far as Thursday Island;, in fact he will ocenpy the some position be held during the late mail contract of the E. and A. Company: . The ' Brnnzewing' returned at 2 o'clock,, bnt un fortunately grounded on tho flats,, and the' paseetigcra. were therefore compelled to- land in boats.- ''Altogether a most enjoyable three honrs was spent, the day being beautifully fine and the sea like a mill-tond. A .sP50MI.,m«e#n2 'f the-Iupioipal .'jouncil to receive tho report of the Finance Com mitteee, was hcld.ia the Council Chambers on Thursday, at'2.80i*.m.1Pr..senfr^-His''Worship tlB' Mayor, Aldermen Kehjri, Fay, Uawson, .Pearce, Dutailhs,; and' the Town Clerk. The report the jpiqancj! Committeeas pnblistol in nur;lgst 5ssn^.*wa-: read, ^nd} After 3 few exuUnato'ry' remarks thereon from His Wotihiptfie Mayor and Alderman Rawsra, ?: Alderman F«y. moved it's adoption. There being no seconder to this motion, -Alderman Dutaillis pmpojed that if a rate of 3d. .per ton were instituted for the proposed Is., hn would more that tho report, be 'adopted.' This was seconded by Alderman. Diohm. »nd' carried. Alderman -Rawson moved, 'that, tenders l-o ? called f»r the collection of the toll of 9.1. per ton, under Hy.Uwas paused byCouncil.onall eronrta 'and imports, of -Hackly, estim»^d at 16,000 tons for tho boUuce of the Financial year, at a rate per cent., to lie named- by tondcrtr. on groes. amount of toll ;iaml. that each tenderer lie'reqnired to give thu names o(i his prbpbsed'saretits along with his tender, Tenders returnable by 2 p.m. on Wolnesdny, May 4th next. Aldertaan Pearce Becnnded tho motion, which was carried .unanimously.. Alderman Diehm moved that, in consequence o( the coming chango in tho oifiou of Town Clerk, the Auditurs.bo igathictedjto'oudit the books, and present their report at the next (.eijoral niedting. . Seconded by Alilorman Dutaillis arirt burridd. 'I'huro ousuoil. a dii cu«siou as to the ailvisahility of ?erecting, a weigb-hriilge, towards furthering the colleotinn of ! the' proposed toll/which was however uo«t poiied for a future mooting. -? .'.??? A apECMI) m'6Ot!ng'bf the JJaclw'v pUtrio't H'upiUl was held In the M uniuipal Oliamliera 'on Wednesday afternoon last. 1'ieaent— Ueisra. F. H.' 8mith, 'pnaident, E. S. Ilaw liinon, vio»-1-U»ldi:nl'l W. Mnrsd; H. Brom Lory, D. H. Dalrprnple, Q. H. Chiduey, O. Webstar, Dr. M'Buruoy. ami '. tho . «oorotaryt Mr. .Binnsy.i ''TI10 ''prenljiikt ; explained the bo«ine»» of the 'mooting, vfcti to 'gonslder the amiHcation of 'Dr.-M'Borney for a rise iu his salary, aiidto* mboive tlio 'report dl a special committee appointed.to imjnirs into tho present 'rrquireuionts of the hospital. Dr. MMiarnoSr auidi that bu'aalaiy km aonnderably under tlio nveraija of ho«|iital nurueoni' wlariei tbroiiuhiinb the colony, nml the amount of W'.rk had so moruaatil tbnt lie hoped tho oom mltteo would see lit to aooodo to his req*nest, Mr. DalrympU ramarlifld thiit tha question had been btforo the oommittoe, on sovnra ooc.sionii,.'and he thnught it ahould be iholvpd no longar. He iu uf .tho opinion that the doctor's salary was inadequate for thfli work, anil that hi' good, nature should pot be im puiicd uiiou any lonaqr.-:. Otlisr people did no reduce thvir prices for; ;good{i supplied hejow oniinary contract ? prices, aid .he cnn?idered that Dr. M'Burney 'wasi. fairly entjtledj to an incren^e. He therefore inoreoVthat-the salary be fixed at £150' per annnni— to date from January l»t. of the [cnrrent year. Seconded by Mr. Webster and -carried unanimously. The report of Messrs. ishdowa, Webster, and Dr, M'Burney, the special committee ap pointed to inquire. into tire necessary w»nts of the hospital; was thenlaid beforetfie meeting. It comprised articles. oE bedding/furniture, ci^ery^heejmg^lanJce^mciaaii&SSttingj;^ in all, estimat«d'to cost about ~£50. After some-disoussiod, Mr.'Mtiah moved the adop tion-of tHe retorft andthatt'io irtides eriuie-. rated be ? purchased. _geralsq suggested that IBe -Dadie? 'Committee sfiouR 'be respectfully' requestedrt.o^soliejt snliEonptionSTtowaitls de fraying tjie^ BXpe«seB'of-sach purchase; -/This w.-is seconded by Mr. E. S. Rvwson, and carri( d. This -!onclud-:d| thfiaiuiiness of the meeting. , \ lTrjs vsry4atisfabtery.%ot.'*us:±o'dbeiibl-i'/to chronicle the continued progress that is being madB by the Pioneer B.aililing and Investment Society. Its financial operations are assuming considerable dimensions, and. we have no hesi tation in 'Suiting1', that ^dfoafSr br.mdrVlegitiV mats meins exists in tHe district for'the invest ment of either small or large am-)unt3 of.capi tal at ajich;:i'.gooa rite' of 1 hitereat fas' 8 per cent The trustees, Messrs. Keeley, Knney, and Miutyre. are wellf known substantial men, whosa.kog. experience:and amglB^kijow ledge of: the valu-i of 'laodf and Ijoase property is the best guarantee that the society's ad vances are. soundly conducted; which ai*e'raade atthn rate 'of 12-per- cent; on- freehold pro perty only, in eligible-; -positions, and leaving ample .margin in , favour of the society. ...At a*. meeting of the board of directors, held yester day afternoon, ceVisiiieraHfe1 business was transacted — the most importint items being the granting- of loans * to. several shareholders to the amonntaf About £1000 ; alno. the secre, tary, Uf. M'Iln-y, having taiidcred his reiiir. nation, suhjnet to. one mor* — .^.utmcntistiiG.! ailmotm uf the lluoat, r-r-'''* uotue owing to his intaiided. deuarture trom the di-stnct, which was accopted. Memhers are reminded that the next pay: night .will be_ the- second Saturday— vizt.theytth.ofjlay. ... The entertainment, last iiight, giyi-n hy the Hewett- Zip Operatic Uompauy, bein^j -a com plimentary benefit to Miss. Beatrice and Miss 3.a Hcwatt, fully deservel the 'well-filled, honse it obtained. Tho' 'pro^ranime' opened with .'Zip,.' a .very, amuaiag 'sketch, which gives full scope to the niany and varied ac-' clomplishments of Mr. Hewett as a musican— including, as it does. ' a higHly-fiuished per formance on the violin, picrol', flageolet, cla rionet, and cornet. Both i Mr. and Miss Bvn Hewett's rapid ohange of dress and their bril liant impersonations of the characters assigned to them w. 11 'merited the hearty nmnds of applause which greeted itheir efforts. . The eiplanation of the secret of ''Seoond Sight,'. and the illustrations thefe~wi£h, were received with much appreciation by the audience. The entertaiumeht 'p'inclndeij iwith the sparkling comedy, '''Flfrtation,'- in which the acting of Mr Oc-leu and Miss Beatrice repeatedly brought down the hou«e.. We have selilom, if ever, seen' a better comedian than Mr. Ogden in his impersonation of 'Sam.' To ni»bt is their last appearance in Mackay, and we strongly recommend all lovers of really high- class music and gnod comedy to take advantage of this opportunity of witnessing one nf the best companies we have yet seen ?? BROA-DBltm.1' in his last Ifew York Latter to the P. D. Timu, says :--' We have had a terrible winter. 'PoTCrty, with all its attendant miseries, is neveria (Iranger to^us. . The springv tinie and the 'summer, the harvest and the winter, ^follow* each other' year after year, and. the ghosts of the beggars i who ml. about the g.teway which led up to thn Temple upon Zion's Hill' are reBeeted in tile miaerable spectres which, in tins bitter wintry time, haunt Broadway around Fourteenth-street, arid jostle tho be-diamoned: and fup-'covered dames :who hurry along the freezing sWeets, whilo the voice of the prophet, polling dawn through twenty oenturies, rings in their e»rs loud, and clear, ' The pbor ye haTo always with ye:' ' We feel it particularly now. The -last week has been one' of the bitterest and most trving.eip.eriences of the winter, and the misoryil has. developed is almost beyond computation, i .JU1 the orga nised charities are taxed totheirutniost capacity, and yet the wail of sorrow, and suffering rises from thousands and thousands of homes which 80 far have received1 little or no relief,'.. RkiativE to the'Governor's northern trip', the Courier of last Friday soys :— Wo under stand that tho Governor.; Jjas' determined to travel in the iSIertsra as! far as Townsville onlv, where his Excellency will remain until the* next northern-bound : A.'S N. Cjmpajiy's boat calls. As the: Merkara will be due at Towniville 0.1 Friday, .? tho ;2Stli; and , the northern const steumcr will 'not loare there until the following Wo Inesdav, hi^Excelleney. will stay four clear days i in.. the Townsville district, and no doubt travel on thn railway as far as the Knid Ilive'i Tlie Governor intends,' we understand, calling ,ati Cairns and Port Douglas, bnt his stay at each of these ports will nececsarily ob confined to three or four hours. . He .ia- also-expected. to, Tisit-Madray,. whore K'u narty will probably be joined, by. the Minister for Unas and the Postmajter-Uoneral, Rockhnmpton i' intendnd to be the next port called at, and it is uiidorstood'ta be'his Uxcel lo'ncy's intention to visit Gladstone, Bundaberg, and Maryborough, the entire journey occupy ing about R month. At this ieajon of the year the tour should be. A nleasaat on,e for the Grovernor, und thef-'cau he nD 'doubt thai the people in all tha northern! ports will bo much gfatified at (he viBit from tho Queen's roprejun The follnwiiig very feasible explanation wns given hy Major Oricknell of the lato' torpedo explosion. ia Melbourne. ? Accordivig to. the S.3L Ilerabl, wh^n the' G-ivernnr visited the Ea^t.T Encamiimont near ; Sydney, 'Major Craoknell oxplained ; to his; Excellency, biaj theory of thu probable 'cause of tbo recent fatal explosion of a torpedo which was being sunkbya crowof theUorberqiiiea'? Qiteenscliffj ? He showed, liy using a picfie nf ir6iij'hnw,th6 Cerberus..being almost alloEir.in, may.k'avo formed a portion'. of':tha otmonctor frnm tno battery to the charge.1 Ai bichromate of pot ash battery was uaecUn.the experimoiitj.and in it an artificial leaV was 'made. ' A rail to represent the CerbernB was made .to form, a connection with the leak, and when the wire from the torpedo 'was brought' into contact with this rail the oxplosiou ooeurred. A column of water lOIt. higli was thrown up. a fow dead fish floated to tlio surface, three nr foiir bouts dttulieJont to pick thorn, up, and tliu «aceBsful expariment 'Vas over.' — Courier. OiiAim.Y Reuo%— Mr, Fa)i?y,hf rbor:maHtBr,, who, with a party 'nf bxoursioni»ts1 roturnod from the Lizards oaTuotdayi mforma u» that tho Annio, ncIio mor,; last from 'Kalouma,.«ras anohnruil off tlio islands i anil reporleil, tlinmgh Mr. Fuller, that,' having paid a vitit to Brnoker iHlanilt- CiptiiJoPrier'lUiJiiucoeeedltiMiovpi* iiiR'aknilraiid nthV bmiesr aud rplios, frhiph', ''frum iiiformatiun wcoivoil ' and finoos Of olothins. tc.;.Be wpa.aU1*tflW-«»«^ .«*«««». of .Captain Forumah,''Il.--A^T;-Parilie,--»'bd Colin M'ltw, threo pf the viotimn nf. tho Annie Books manaore. Tho.AoniB' eallod tttiKwa poona,, where- Captain Frior h»i'ha-l a onpra station for some time, but on tliU oi.3naion.ho was wameil hy a friendly ohlul neither - tip: anchor or land, as . thure . jrai ;» combip»tion alond tlie whole coast 'for itlio pur|io«i of do« trnying any whilei whori Ventured 5 noariit. Cantain Frior, havinjl hi* ycaal ftlroady nearly, full of fljh, accepted tlio friuudly ndvloo, »illl made tail far tha I^iiard-,(-. Thp Annio bat probably beon anoborod linilar Oape Flattery' during, the past fow days, to espape the aeva-. rlty of tin late ralos, but a likolyjo oioku her apjiearanoa to-day or lo-roorrow; when we will bo able to learn furthor partioQlars. Mean time, wo oanuo^holp contrasting : what has bseu.douo by a »ia-iile caplaiu.of.a.liiiUing craft with that whiok waa; effcuUd by tha itu iposing* armame'nte'of England, 'and France. . It is; something 'more* -than mere ! sentiment or love of notoriety 'rwhich .prompts a man to risk fortune andMife tha$: lie', may recover, for Christian burial,; the bon^s of his murdered comrades; and, although there is no official bulletin . to chronicle it, and neither promotion nor glittering cross to reward It, we honour Captain iTcier fur; an act as genuinely brave as if/he: hidfled a ifcrloro ?hripa.br captured a standard:— Cookt-aitn-Herali. - -;? -? K DisoiiiCEFiJI. exhibition of party feeling Jook_place m Nosman^street^pigiThursday evenmg^ast.'- 'During the afternoon it was raBsoured- that there was some fun in cantem 4-Utid'rt, and about S o'clock two efiigies intended to represent Mr.: Hussel, plaintiff in' the great W^~caTe~5a-T^r«'^^ solicitor, were brought out of 'the back yard of the Clul^JIo|jse Hujjal, *nA marched japshiiulder High into -the ? main strietV V -Ai ? braaa '' band especially. iengage'd.^r the occaaJsnfhenTotra.ok up, arid xfler cherT»-4hd howls- tiiJtl^-fteeniBtven. in froot of the Club Hqijse Hotel, the crowd marched with the efflgifcg down as far as the Royal Hrjei;' Mr;::Swanwic6,?t.b'»nlate^r'a^law, the counsel 'ior 'defendant in the case decided that'day, aiding and abetting the reprehensible proceedings by allowing himself to be carried on a cliair. asid&ipf; the effiges.-with a pipe in his month, his arms ifolded; vind apparently enjoying the honnr Conferred on him. Cheers and grbans JHaviug been indulged 'in/ SeinoV Sergeant Mathers appeared on tlie scene, and very soon bronght- itifBieffigies^lErel with the ground, where; 'they *-ware .allowed to lie for some time? when tljey were removel ito their proper place — a -gully, in whic*h -fche'Instigators of the ;cdntejtnptibl&. a manife^tatio^i of . Jow, paltry', spite' richly 'desVrvid to be soukej for four aud twenty hours. 'We understand that Messrs. Swanwick. and Bjaen havq .bean sum moned !oi tKeiri action .in!, the'mafter, and therefore .refrain ^frappu fucthet. cominent at. presen't-^-Totiera \Meratd. , ' ?'?' ?-.': ,.! ' (. ' _JJ : ' The M'llwraith ?interert.is.yeyr. strong at Kockhamptdn just'^now;' but it-is not^lways Uu.F(^n^^p*eiflSy;A^p6S*Sr^ifirm? the interior- who tKave 'riot:- H draped idhwn'- to the new authorities. An. instance in proof of this .was afforded! the other day,; so I am toM. A squatter just in .from the . J-.Naver Never,' who is a*it of a.Eadical, was talking witH someTaccuauitances aEhut the^MiFchell election, i In the course of conversation he defended Pwbat iTr. Lumley'-Hill iad' said about the Premier.' The new King of Rpck hampton happened to be in the next room, and he- was at once informed -of; the. treason-' able- words which ha3',Wn nttered. With all the dignity imagiuaMe he went to! the traitor and began! to remonstrate with him for the language he 'bad been indulging. in. jThe 'Never Never ' man talked back as impu dently :is :thiiu^h he had been adjilressiug an ordinary. person.! vAt.Jength, as.: a kina.of 'squelcher,' Jitev. Majesty, expressed sorne regret 'at [having: condescended to converse with a man who was so evidently no geutle mau'. - Instea'l tif [the Radical sijnatter collaps ing,' or falling on! hi'i knees and begging fur mercy, ori retreating from the roam cowed and Bnnbbed— aa was the proper tbingtp do undnr the circumstances— he'simply saiii there was only one answer to remarks of that kind, and at once gave his Majesty one straigthfrom the shoulder 011 the bridge of the nose, which sent him spinning ! He was preparing to repeat tholoperation. with the othe'r'fist, just to clinch the argument, when th'e company interfered and put an end to the combat. But notting in particular happened to tho ,' $ev.or Never ' man. in:---oonse(iueuce. The new monarch of Roakhauipton simply made' up his mind t$- treat.that miin- with silent contempt for the future. Perhaps it is the -visest course. What is the good: of admonishing a, - man for committing a heinous ? offtmce wh'or-simply replies by knocking yon down with! his fist ? The incident created, a prufound sensation iu the town and district though. — ' BoHE»Jii'S-' 