&c;, CONVICTS ON THE SEA. We were about 800 miles eouth of the Cape of Good Hope/ and our ship's head pointed nearly due east. ' Twelve knots I an hour,' says I to the skipper, in reply to ' How much is ehe making ?' The drip ping log line was rolled up and the time glass placed away in the binnacle. An extra pull was taken on the braces, the yards pressed hard against the stays, and right well did the old Marathon lie overfrom the heavv breeze that swelled onr fjinvHH ii-t i t C greatest tension. I hove the log again. 'How much now ?' says the Bkipper. ' Twelve and a half, sir.' 'I guess that is about all we can get out of her with this wind ,- that extrapull gave her the other half knot.','. In ten days alter passing Keruguelen's Land the iiigh and irregular coast of Aus tralia was raised from the masthead by our first mate, '. Mr. Bolter, who shouted ..the glad tidings to those on deck. ' No sooner had the sound of his voice died away than a biker's dozen were running. up'the iat lines, eager io obtain even a distant view of the great island. ? ? A nuniber of hb -old salts, who had Bailed for Australia before, contented ourselves hy snnffihg tbe Sir like so many porpoises. ; After we had: -passed bstween Tasmania and the 8arith=8e*«on'tinent we oanght « light breeze' %n onr quarter and headed lor Sydney. No sooner had we dropped onr right bower : in the riverjustoff tbe- town than onr-vessel' was boarded l-y.the enrgeon ot theport.who examined onr pipers, and,: beiBg satisfied- that We .Were ingood.heaith, onr chip was allowed to hanl op nearer -the dty. The- old man went ashore io make hit report totheOoninl, bntwhen he returned his t see wore atrbnbled look. He oalled Mr. Bolton and myself into the cabin, where, to : oar surprise and- chagrin.he etltedthat ihe Consul ? informed that when *tbe-oargo..wiB discharged he nbonld-litva to press Aha ship into the servioe lot the Government to cany j alotof«onvietsto Van Dieman'ili.Dd; The veisrtthat bronght them was diubled,and oould proceed no farther. _ The' .tipper 'remonstrated :J against ? :the seizure, bat itwasof no'.avaU.: iThe Oon«olV salt hewas eorry.butitoonld not beavoidedr -flwir Veiselbeing tbe only one 19 port that wouldlankwer 'tba'purpose; saadrthe convicts ; Imnet be got oS without delay: ®bia:ae«s fonnd its way among the crew, and -several ol them ran away and took to the bosh, not earing to risk themselves at sea with a lot of desperate men Inch', irom the prison* of England. Tbe skipper quieted the fears of the rest by telling them that no danger oould poseibly arise, qb the oonvicts would be heavily ironed and placed between deoks with a guard over them. On the following morning, between deoks were prepared for tho reoeption of our live freight. A strong, double bulkhead was put up just forward of tbe cabin, and one just aft of tbe chain- lockers, and extra bars and pad locks were Becurrd for tbe hatches. When I surveyed the work of the Govern ment carpenters my mind felt somewhat easier. Eveiything being in readiness, our guests were marched down between files of soldiers. Each convict was handcuffed, and on the right ankle of every mn.n an iron ring was fastened, to which were attached heavy ohainH. Six of them being fastened together, their movements were quite slow and retarded. As they filed up the gang-plank to the deok, I counted eiglity-Beven. Some were large, powerful men, others were weak and wore a ?rickly expression, but they all had a Ink of dogged determination, tbeir cloBely cropped hair and striped trousers and jackets making them look all tho more savage. When No. 87 reached the deck they were drawn up in line and inspected by the Superintendent and his assirtants. Each convict was thoroughly searched, in order to see if he had any K-eaponB. Nothing was found, however, bnt what was proper for them to have. So the inspector informed us that there would be no danger, and he would soon be rid of them. The guard that was to accompany us had been selected with great care, each one haviog a musket, two revolvers and a cutlass. Several extra casks of water were got on board for fear we would not have enough to last, during the run. As no signs ot our runaways were to be had, the skipper was obliged to ship Beveral men in order to fill his complement. One of these fellows was a villa' nou?-looking customer, and I asked the captain why he shipped such a man. He replied that it wae the best he could do. Sailors were scarce, as nearly every one was off in the mines or stock-raieing. C told Captain Billows that I did not relish having such a man on board the Marathon but he laughed at my fears, and Eaid the man had been discharged from a Liverpool ship some two months before, and as he wished to return home, he thought he would ship on the Marathon. The Consul verified the man's statement, which satisfied the skipper, so he bad 'hipped him on the strength of this. I said nothing more to the old man, but determined to keep a weather eye on that man's movements. We were to put out to eea that night, if the wind were favourable. The eighty-seven men were placed between decks to remain there until morning, when they would be taken out for an airing. The guard consisted of twenty-four men, half the number standing watch while the ethers turned in below. It waa eleven o'clock before the wind was in our favour, and nearly eight bells when we weighed anchor. I tell you I did not sleep much in my watch below ; the shouts and curses of the convicts made a perfect Bedlam and would bave aroused the seven sleepers. In vain the guard threatened them, but they only answered derisively and dared the soldiers to shoot, Mr. Bolter o&me; to my berth when hie watch was ont, and eaid he expected to find me awake, for no one conld Bleep with those wretohes howling. So I lighted my pipe and went on deok, preferring to remain above than on a level with the banished English men. Before daybreak they were qniet enough, and no particular one oould be sifted ont for oreating tbe disturbance, so the whole eighty-seven went soot free. Abont seven o'olook they were led np on deck for an airing and to paBs inspection. After remaining three hoars they were sent below again. In tbe afternoon, abont three o'olook, a gale sprang np, whioh required all hands to reef topsails. The yards were soon manned, and I went aloft myself, as is generally the custom when all hands are called. While I was passing the weather ear-ring and taking the last tnrn, I beard Sbaling (one of the foremost hands, wbo was knotting a reef-point next to me) ask : ' Where is Barker ? I don't see bim on tbe yard.' I looked over tbe line of men, and snre enough he was not there. I tell yon I wasn't long in getting on deok and stating my sa8pioions to the Captain. We at once rushed forward, followed by several of the guard, and, jast as we reaabed the fore oaBtle, who ehonld make bis appearanoe bat Barker. The old man yelled at him : ' What are you doing down there? Speak up 1 What are you shirking below for when all hands were called for doty ? ' ' I waB sick,' growled the soonndrel, ' and oould not go aloft.' ' Ton ate lying, you villain 1 and yon know it,' said the Bkipper. ' I'll be bound yon are np to some deviltry. Mr. Steeraway, jatt keep yoar eye on him till I come back.' ' Ay, ay, sir I' I responded. By this time all hands had come down from aloft. Tne Captain soon returned, and . stated ttiat he oould find nothing ont of the way, bat I was oonvinoed in my own mind that something waB oat of the way. So the old man gave me leave to go below and satisfy . myself. I eonld find nothing, but, at the same tine, was far from being satisfied. I asked why was Barker, of all others, down 1 below? .Vfe told the erew ot onr suspicions, and ordered them to keep a look-out on Barker's movoments. As the nigU oame on the guard was relieved and cautioned by the sergeant to be on the alert. It teemed kind of queer to me tbat the oonviotfc remained eo quiet, tor 1 beyond a low oonveisation, their voioes were 1 scarcely audible, but I thought afterwards that probably they intended to get a good-, night's rest, and prefernd to keep still. I lay awake some tim? after taming in but my eyes finally grew htavy, and I was In the land of dreams— away ^ in Boston. My mother oame np tb _my.room1(I waif, still in my dreams) 'to tuck in theVbedtiothes. ..,1 felt her gentle -louoh on the blanke^; . but why did «be place^bfr. hand over my rnon h ? I opened my, eyes to see the reason. The glittering blade of a sbBatMmife was] before them. ^-'Iknew tbe. reason then pretty qniok, I assure yon, Tor 'Barker held it. . : ' Now, Steeraway,' Bays he *'yon juaVkeep quiet, and .you won't be' hurt. Open'jour mouth and yoa won't rapw what1 hart yo«, I knew that any, movement on my pakt would be my death warrant.: . \ *; Will yon keep qmet if I lake my . band from your mouth f ' ; - I nodded my head -in lbe-affifmalive, and his hand was removed. ' Nowj'Steeraway,' Bays he,1lTam going to tie you, and put a little stopper in your mouth. I won't hart you,for Iknow bow to do these things.' He evidently ' did. fir l wti very' tMn .-bound hand and f o0t,r B- gag placed in my month, and your humble servant rendered 'as rueelecB , *b3 a dead m»n. .The ocnvicl .then left; CDB^pojd ; disappeared. . I had not 'been alone iaore than teq .minutes when I be^rda voice, near, the birthhead say, ' All ; In a momenCmore' a light draught ot air , entered my flate-ioom, vnd lt -in?lt strongly of pent-up air — a sort of oonviot odour, so to speak. The bulkhead had been removed, and the . cabin was soon orowded with prisoners. Not a sound did they moke, for their irons were off, and the thought flashed quickly upon me, oar sblp is in their hands, may the Lord have meroy on onr orew. Silently they went np the oabin stairs; then I heard a qaiok, rushing sonnd, shouts, yells, curses, then a few shots in quiok succession ; several splashes near my oabin deadlight; more shoats and yells. ' Down with them ' Now or never 1' 'No Van Dieman's for usl Down with them I' In vain I heard several voices pleading for mercy. But thoEe men knew no mercy. Finally the shouts* and yells ceased, then the quick, hurried tramp of feet overhead. Presently a step descends the stair*, the rope binding me was cut, the gag torn ftom my mouth and a gruff voice said : '* Come, Steeraway, you are wanted on deck. Lively, bow.' I came to the conclusion it was useless to deliberate, and I obeyed the order at once. It was not necessary for me to ask what the matter was. I knew that well enough at a glance. Barker that— ecoundrel Barker— was an escaped convict, and had shipped on board the Marathon for the purpose of aiding his friends, and, from appearance of things, he had succeeded beyond his utmost ex pectations. As I emerged from tbe cabin, I was greeted with : ' Here he is !' by several of the stripped.jacket gentry. 'Now, Steeraway, we want you to mind and do just what we tell you — or what Joe Gosshawk, the Captain, tells you — and you won't be hurt; but if you don't, why over board you go. We know you c in navigate; now which is it — shark's dinner or obey orders ?' Of course, I didn't want to ease the appetite of the jet-finned wolves that were swimming around the ship. So I told them I would do all they wished ; but I wanted to know what had become of the captain and crew. ' You'd better ewim after them, and ask 'em what's done with 'em ; all except that cassed first mate, Bolter, and we oan't get no track of him, blast himl' said Gosshawk, the recognised leaier. I uttered a silent prayer that Bolton might be safe, stowed away somewhere out of their olutehes. ' Well, Steernay,' says Gosehawk, ' where are we t' 'Abont 80 miles from Van Dieman's Land.' ' Now, then,' says he, ' you just fix tbie ship so she will be more nor that in twtlve heurs from now. Make her run north nntil I ask you again where we ere. And mind you don't play any points, or you'll find the bottom of Davy Jones quick.' I asked him then who was to work the vessel. ' Why, you just give tbe orders, and these men will work ber ; and mind yoa give them right.' ' Then brace around the yards,' replied I, ' so I oan get her on the other track.' ' All right,' said Gosshawk ; ' tell ne the ropes.' THE BLACK BIRCH FOREST, NEW ZEALAND, I explained to them, and pointed oat the braces. In ten minutes we were around and sailing almost due north. ? When day broke my heart alinoBt sank within me. The deck presented a sicken ing sight. Pools of clottfed blood here and there, torn clothing, the remnant of some desperate Btrnggle, and the striped convict jackets and red ooate of the English soldiers were scattered over the deok. I requested that -the decks be cleared up and washed down, so that no vestige might greet my eyies of that terrible encounter that Jiad taken place the night before. . At noon Gosshawk asked me where we were.: I had jnst taken the enn, and found we were in 32 deg. south latitude and 173 deg.' longitude east, all of which I correctly \pformed the convict skipper; , y. Ain't the Pijis about here somewhere,' heaeked. 'Tes, they ore in 20 deg. latitude and 180 Jeg. longitude.' ' 'Well, take ub there, Steeraway, and yon an, free to go in the long boat just, as soon asye sight land. I'll take care of the Marat Hon .myself then.' I As we still had 'about 720 miles to tbe ?noit'ard to inake, and about 420 miles of -longitude. , X, computed the sailing dis tance,' and foVud there were abont 1140 miles. {0 cover,' which', deducting the difference from, our actual course would leave about 93d, jniles''before. we reached -l.e Fijis. 'I reported the name 'to ClosG-. hawk, who grunted anything but satisfac tion. ' No nearer than tbatf Well, keep her for the Pijis, anyhow.' So I kept her for the Fijis, and on the fourth day 'Land, hoi' was shouted by one of tbe convicts who was stationed aloft. Gosshawk's eyes brigbtened up, and he turned to me, saying, ' Well done, Steer away.' ? CHARLES STEWART PARNELL. If I had only had my own way, I would havo put them on a coral reef, but life is precious, you know, even to a sailor. As the Marathon neared the land, which proved to be one of tho group to the south'ard, Gosshawk gave some orders in a low tone to several of the men. I knew what they were immediately, for the convicts began to cist off the lashings from tho long boat. ' So Gosshawks intends to keep his promise,' I thought to inyself, and I was to be cast adrift in the long boat.. When fifteen miles of land the breeze died away, and the old Marathon lay almost motionless. Gosshawk swore and stamped the deck, bat to no purpose. Kind Provi dence paid no attention to bim'. About dnsk the wind made its appearance, and I got ready to stand in. ' Steerway,' Baid Gosshawk, ' ' I gueBS you will have to make a voyage in ihe dark ; . but. jt can't be helped.' i'he. boat was lowered; two kegs' of water, a bag of hard tack and three orfonr junks of salt horse were tossed in, and I was told to follow suit. As I was cast adrift,; thje vUlains'.'shoated after me: ' Good- bye, Steeraway, you-have done us a good tnrn, and we won't forget it!' I made no reply lint sat in the stem of the boat gazing after the receding vessel. After looking at her for a few minutes I was overcome and bowed my head in my hands and. wept. Just then a splash in the water near the boat aroused me. 'A shark 1' thought I. Again I heard it, and then a low voice as if from the deep : ' Steeraway 1' -''-'j : I sprangfepin my thwart as if strtick by ! a; galvanic'-BhocV. I strained my eyes ahd ! peetad into the darkness. Presently I saw a dark form swimming toward . the beat. 1 AgainHhe voice came over ihe water s ' Steierawaj !' Ben here knows I am. not j superstitious, but I confess I did feel a little awe-Btricken. Before I had time to collect my scattered thoughts, a hand was laid on the gunwale, and the form of a man arose from the sea. ' Its Bolter, Joe. Don't be frightened — I'm no ghost I' That short sentence broke the Bpell which lnng to me. ' Oh, Bolter !' oried I, in a transport of joy ' For heaven's sake, help me in the boat, Joe I I am mighty weak. Now, where's the water ? That outside the boat will do to swim in, but I can't drink it.' Soon I had the water-keg to his lips, and he took a long draught. ' There 1 I never wanted water so bad b ut onoe before in my lite ; and this is what I call hard luck, Joe.' I, -agreed with him on tbat score, and aaked him to tell me how he escaped from the conviots. 'Why, you see, Joe, I got an inkling of what. -was coming, but before I conld get ont of the cabin the rascals were down npon us. So I slipped into the secret looker under the transom, and they looked into every place but that. Luckily, the looker contained some canned meats and fruits, eo there was no danger ot my starring. I overheard that fellow's conversation — the one they called Gosshawk — and I knew,. Steeraway, that you were safe. I also beard him tell his cut-throat ' comrades, what he intended doing' with yon, when J, . heard your boat lowered. I peeped' from my hiding-place, saw the cabin was clear, . as they were all on deck to see you off. Soon as' I heard the boat 'was adrift I. crawled through the stern window, hong by the frame for a minute or two, then dropped into tbe sea, swain after yonr boat, andherelam.' Bolter suddenly started np and cried ont : 'Look, Joe, if Ibey have not set the ebfp on file!' ? ' And so they had.' Before they landed they had, no donbt, left two or three of their .aaaper to lash tbe wheel and -apply tbe 'torch. Tbe flames threw a' lurid light over the ooean, and sooh the whole ontlinein fire . of .the doomed Marat/urn conld he wen. Heavy tongues' ?! flame ran op tbe tarred rigging, and rolls ol flre like a cloud would now and then barst forth aB the sails one after another were consumed, It wae a magnifioent Bight, but a sorrowful one for as. We watched her nntil soarcely a spark was to be seen, when suddenly, like a flash, tbe faint line disappeared, and all that onoe remained of the Marathon went to the bottom. On the following morning we sighted an Amerioan whaler, which fortunately oame near enough to see onr signal of distress, and we were relieved from our uncomfort able position. Bolter and myself told the whaling skipper our etory, when he at onoe made sail for Sydney, where the faots were laid before the English consul, who took steps to capture the short-haired villains. This was sacoessfally accomplished. 