BSOADBRIM'S NEW YOEK LETTER. The holidays are over, and, after a course of mild- dissipation, we have settled down once wore to square and honest toil, preparing oa-s-'lves for the tremendous possibilities of 18-51- It is possible that the year, upon the threshold o£ which we now stand, may go out lik.; the most gentle of lambs, but that it has c me in liKe a lion there is not the slightest doubt, and a mighty roaring lion at that." Si:i*h. terrible freemng weather as wehave had - is ejrtaia to briLn^ ^ugering eyery^eijjVyhu*; in this great Bbael are thousands who live daily from band to mouth, who rise in the morning without knowing where their break fast is coming from, and who never _ think of dinner till bunger presses them at high noon, land who trust to chance for the shelter that covers them at night. Of this class of people •we have nearly forty thousand, and these have to be fed and sheltered every day. There are thousands more who are sustained by our regularly organised charities—worthy poor, who would sooner perish than beg. Unfor tunately, this is the class that suffers most in our midst, for the brawling, impudent beggar can generally get enough to carry him through the day. A story was told last week of a wealthy woman who had disbursed nearly one hun dred thousand dollars in private charity, and on a careful review of her good work she arrived at the conclusion that she had been 1 swindled out of about $95,000 of it. I | hardly think that a more profitable novel g could be written than one entitled the Ro mance of Beggary. The subterfuges resorted to to ensure success are botb wonderful and ingenious, and demonstrate very high order of talent in that particular direction. Not long since, an eminent clergyman, whose name is known in every portion of the Union, found a lady wuiting for him in his studio on his return from a pastoral visit. She was fair to look upon, and was clad in the deepest mourning. She told him she was a clergy man's daughter, whose death only a short time before, in England, had caused quite a profound sensation in religious circles. She asked the clergyman if he had ever heard of her father, which he had, of course ; in fact, bis own father, who was an eminent minister, knew him well. She told him that on the death of her father she had accepted a situa tion as governess in the family of an Ameri can gentleman, whom she accompanied to the United States, but on ber arrival in New York she discovered that her new patron was an unprincipled villain with no family, and that she found herself friendless, destitute, and alone in this great city, and she needed immediate assistance, or in her desperation •he was not quite certain what she might be j induced to do. What could he do ? What | woullyou have done? Here was a pretty young woman, hardly twenty, with tears roll- | ing down her cheeks like rain. Why, he did just what every man with a heart in his bosom would do ; he went down in his pocket and gave her twenty dollars. Would he see the daughter of a clergyman perish in the streets, or mayhap be pickcd up floating along the docks, with a coroner and twelve jurymen sitting on her? No, Bir, he was not. that sort of a minister; and, not content with giving her a little pin money for her immediate ne cessities, he took her to a first-class hoarding house, and telling her to dry her eyes, he assured the landlady that she was an entirely proper person, and that he himself : would' be personally responsible for any little bills that the young lady might incur. A couple of weeks rolled on, and he received another call. She just, received a letter from London, saying that her brother would send her a draft for two hundred pounds by the next steamer, and as she wanted to make a few preparation, for tuc voyage home would he add to '.us previous obligations by antici pating her London drui'l to the extent of $200 ? Why, of course, he would, and he did, giving lier a check on the Bank of New York for the amount. At the end of two weeks the lady appeared again in great distress. The letter hud miscarried,or had not arrived -, would he go down to the Post-oillce and inquire ? The kind-hearted man soothed her and comforted her as well as he could, though it was no easy matter, for her grief was uncontrollable. Postmaster James, who is one of the kindest and most amiable of men, was sensibly touched bv her grief, and promised to leave no stone unturned to hunt up the missing draft. The. delay made necessary another trilling loan, and, to make a long story short, she beguiled our reverend friend out of §f>85 altogether, and one fine morning she turned out missingd It was then discovered that she had fleecey another clergyman out of §200 more to bui 0 her brother, who had died on the passage tt New Yorn, and whose body had been brough on the steamer. From another she got a a hundred to save her mother who was dying of starvation, and who, being the wife of a clergyman, could not beg- Several others wers mulcted in sums from five to fifty dollars, and this charming syren got off with her plunder mid lias not been seen since. The inost ordinary caution would have saved all these parties from being swindled, but they did not. see tit to exercise it. No person died on the steamer on which she said her brother came over. She had no mother, nor any other other visible relative; in fact, a simple inquny would have revealed this transparent- swindle. Yet they failed to discover it tiil tho bird had flown. In front of quite a respects hit* house in one of our most fashionable streets might be seen a large gilded sign " Home for Destitute Girls." Could any Christian, aye, or pagan man for matter of that., refuse to go a quarter on such a sign as that " Home for Destitute Girls As I looked at that sign I thought to myself, " what a nice woman she must be." l wished that she ir.i^ht come to the door as I was going past so that I might surreptitiously Blip a half dollar into her hand in aid of the destitute girls ; but she did not-, nud I passed on. One day last fall this good Samaritan was arrested ; her larder was filled with butie>-, eggs, hams, lard, coffee, rod herrings, artificial flowers, pickled pork, schwitzer kase, bologna sausage, flour, preserves, several gas stoves, forty -two pairs of corsets, nearly eight .hundred yards of calico and muslin, and one hundred and tweuty ready-made dresses, and the only thing there was not in the house was destitute girls. Ou Friday, a one-aruied veteian was arrested n< *r Fulton Ferry, who had relieved me of sundry nicklee, but when they got him to tbe police office he was found to have two most excellent arms, and tbe proceeds of his day's industry had been four dollars and sixty cents, and it was not a good day for one-armed veterans either. We arc now under our new jnunieipal ad ministration, and it remains to be seen how much wo have made in smashing Tammany Hall. It is intimated by some th. . John Kelly is not dead, nor even sleeping, a»d some of his heelers declare that his Irving Hall friends, who think him dead, will find one of the liveliest ghosts ever seen at a wake. Mr. Grace slipped into office very quietly. There was no spread, no jo', lift eat ion, no noth ing. Mr. Cooper said, " lfow do you do and Grace replied, " Pretty well, 1 thank you." Then Mr. Grace said to Mr. Coop.-r, " I hope you are well," and Mr. Cooper an swered, " Very well." Then th- y shook hands and Mr. Cooper said, " Take a chair," and he took a chair, and the august ceremony was over. 1 wonde- what they would think of that in Lunnon. If th ere was n o Lord M ayor's show, the Mayor would be in danger of his life, and the parade and supper at Guildhall wouli1 cost more than the entire salary of the Mayor ol' New York for his whole term. A long list of casualties by freezing marred the pleasure of this joyous holiday time. Oi» New Years night, a young man who had been drinking was picked up so badly frozen that both legs will hare to be amputated, and he will also lose three fingers of one hand. The list of frozen ears and noses during our holiday week filled a column in one of our dailies, and almost every day we hare fresh stories of hor ror from the sea. Sleighing in New Tork is a novelty; the last sleighing of any conse quence in this city was in 1878, when it lasted several days. Our Januaiy thaw is now upon ub, the city is a sea of mud, we are bar ing a terrible time, and for weeks our streets will be almost impassible. The murder of a beautiful young German girl, named Gronenthal, by a young Irishman by the name of Walsh, was one of the most dastardly and cruel crimes that has been com mitted in the city for years. He persecuted the girl with his brutal attentions for several months, and when she insisted that he should trouble her no more, he bought a dirk, had it carefully sharpened by a friend, then he in quired of his friend about the situation of the heart, and having assured himself of the exact spot, lie went to the bouse where the jgirl was employed, and catching her near the gate, killed her on the spot. The death of " Big Jack " Garvey is one oj the romances of the week. Jack was a thief -and a ruffian from his boyhood, and was one of. the best-known villains in the Ould Sixth. \- Ward. Notwithstanding tne fact that he had served untold terms in the Penitentiary and State Prison, Jack was a political power in the ward, and his aid was sought by Senators I an£L Congressmen, as well sb Judges On the "bench. Twice Jack stood nnder the shadow gallows, and twice the devil rescued his own to let him die with hie boots on at last. On j Monday night the house of a wealthy citizen of Brooklyn was entered from the roof and $8,000 worth of gold .and. jewels, stolen. "The Tobbeiy was discovered soon after it was per .prtrfited, and 6he unfprtunate loser hurried to; tothe police office and offered $2,000 reward. ' Early next morning, two plasterers, entering ] an unfinished'buildings heard the,groans of aj man in great agony, and, going down in the , cellar, found.Big Jpck (Jarvey literally broken . to pieces. He had fallen through the scuttle of the roof to the cellar, with all of his plunder ] upon nun, and when he was discovered, J 'watches, rings, .pearl necklaces and diamonds J "lay scattered on the ground around him. The police were notified atooce, all of the plunder was recovered,; and the unfortunate thief died at the hospital on Thursday! A woman named Hsher, in Brooklyn, was Arrested for bigamy; both the husbands were ; found, and it really looked as if the lady was , going to reside for a time at Auburn or Sing : Sing. Just in the nick of time, and before his evidence was taken, as good luck would have j it, the first husband was found dead in his bed, and Mrs. Fisher is a free woman. - -- All .Of our large mercantile bouses are now. . getting ready for the spring trade, and clerks are busy from morning till night nncoyering all sorts of goods. We are looking for a great business boom, and hoping that in the coming jubilee my friends will not be forgotten. The river was full of ships loaded with j grain for Europe, a fleet of immense steamers lying at our wharves were crammed lo the : hatchways with, provisions for foreign lands, ; the commercial bulletins of the evening had j each a leader swelling with pride at the abun- ; dance which enabled us to feed the starving j millions of Europe, and while the smiling merchant stuck his hands in his plethoric pockets and contemplated his increasing for tune with pure and unqualified satisfaction, and the sailor gave a cheery " Yo, bo!" as he hoisted the cargo into the ship, a man who Was once in comfortable circumstances was actually starving to death near one of the most public thoroughfares in Brooklyn. Had he com mitted any crime? No. It had been far better fbr him if he had. If he bad sacked a neighbor's house of all its treasure, or beaten ;tis wife's brains out with a bludgeon, society would have cared for him most timely, and the prison association would hare seen to it that he was well fed and well lodged, and the philanthropic ladies who usually supply our murderers and thieves with bonbons and bou quets would have given him the sweet assur ance that he was not forgotten or neglected. But this man was afflicted with the curse of "honesty and poverty, and so far from being an advantage to him, it were better far that a ' millstone had been tied about his neck and that he had been drowned in the sea. The story reads likea romance. Afew years ago there lived in the city of Brooklyn 8 woman named Heard, whose husband, at his jdeath, left her a small fortune. She owned the house she lived in, and a comfortable little 'property beside, and her sole relative and only companion was a niece named Elizabeth Marsh. Mrs. Heard was an innocent, simple-minded woman, and she employed an attorney named IpTcderhill to supervise her affairs, and how well he managed them the sequel will show. ^Nie old woman was hardly in her grave when this legal luminaiy produced a will which gave him nearly all of the old woman's property, ^cutting off with a paltry legacy her only living i relative, who had been her companion and attendant for years. Eliza Marsh was married ' before she came to live with her aunt, and had a san who was never strong, hut by dint of untiring industry he had succeeded in main taining himself and his mother up to about two years ago, when he was taken sick, and then the mother and son sank into the most j abject poverty together. One day last week, , a bi'ter freezing day, a kind hearted physician, i by the name of Howard, returned to his office j . and found a wretched emaciated female, in tattered garments, shivering near the stove. As the doctor' entered, she feebly raised her i head, and looking in his face, said, " Doctor, , .don't you know me ?" The doctor started back inerpreseibly„,shocked-at -the poor woman's appearance, for he ■ did not know that he ever had seen" her before. " Don't | you remember Elizabeth Marsh ?" she asked. I The doctor scanned her face, and there did 1 j not seem to be a familiar ' feature left of [the beautiful woman he had known only.a ^few years before. 'She had sought for him all' '_ti£e day, throughthe freezing streets, with noth ing on bat a.thin tattered shawl and a ragged "calico dress, for she wanted the doctor to come to her dying boy. The doctor hastened to the widow's wretched home, and in a miser able room, destitute of furniture, with noth- \ ing but a little dirty pallet of straw, almost at the gates of death, lay the widow's son; he turned his eyes towards the doctor, and feebly stretched out his hands for succour, but it' was too late, too late j and before any assis tance could be rendered him, his 'spirit hid passed to that land where, let us hope, there | is no more sorro w, no more starvation, no more freezing weather, and no more legal shysters, who are the curse of one of the ttoblest pro fessions that ever enlisted the ability and eneigy of man. By the terras of Mrs. Heard's will, lawyer Underill was to devote her for tune to the cause of charity. It msiy possibly be that he has fulfilled the contract,-and that realizing the excellent axiom that " charity begins at home," he literally fulfilled the mandate of the Scriptures by not letting his left hand know what his right hand doeth. If this were a. solitary case we could afford to pass it by with brief mention, but it is not. fiere is a city with over a million of inhabi tants, with a property estimated at over three thousand millions of dollars; through her ■ocean gates flow the commerce of the world ; nearly nine hundred millions of our foreign trade passes directly through her marts ; Bhe is weighted down with millions of gold and silver ; her granaries are full, her storehouses are crammed with wealth, the prosperity of the season which has just closed is in every body's mouth, and yet a fellow human being, guilty of no crime, actually perishes of star vation. Still if I had a choice, I would sooner to-night be poor Marsh, in his pine coffin, lying under the desolate snow of Potter's Field, than Underhill, sitting in his brown stone front, and with eyes turned up to heavenr thanking God tliat " he -is not as other men." It might be well to remember that the only witnesses were George 3J. Hunt and his wife. This is the wretch of whom I spoke in one of my last letters, who tried to rob his own sister of her property by proving her illegitimate. We are on the .verge of a social revolution, and which, if accomplished, Paradise will not be far off. A steam-heating company is autho rized to lay its pipes all over the city, and we anxiously wait the introduction of the bless ing. Think of it! No coal-bin, no dust, no ashes. Bridget getting up in the morning, turning a spigot, and—hey, presto, fly! in fifteen minutes your breakfast is smoking hot upon the table. Then you can have steam to run the electric motor so as to have yonr own private electric establishment; light like tun light in every nook and corner of your house, [ steam running your sewing machine, steam lifting you up stairs and letting you down ; street cars run by electricity, and portable balloons fastened outside your window into which you can jump at a moment's notice, and fly off at the rate of fifty miles an hour against a head wind. In addition to our other business, a genius from Maine is about introducing a patent scratcher, which can be run either by Bteam or clock- work. Every man knows to his sorrow that there is a place right between the shoulders which is most difficult to get at. Our friend from- Maine had suffered, he knew how it was himself, so he perfected lis patent scratcher, which he' can hang on a. nail; he touches a little spring, and whir-r-r-r off like lightning goes a revolv ing brush, and; there youhaventhe most effec ts veecratcherever invented by /man. I-have not tested its value on myown proper -person, but I saw one' in operation - fchej other! day on my way to Cobweb HalL Apropos of Gob web j Hall, itis one of the few old landmarks that re- j maiuB to us, and I am expecting every day that < the vandals will sweep.it out of existence.. On Thames-street, only a few steps,-from: Broad- : way, is a dark little dingy building known as < Cobweb HalL No; name could be mote ) descriptive, for the ceilings, the walls, the j shelves, and the counters are - hung wjtir cob- - ■ webs, in which whole generations .of spiders j have lived and died for years. The dust lays heavy everywhere, the atmosphere has a damp and mould; smell, almost like the vaults of Trinity: church-yard opposite; stuffed alli gators, monkeys, snakes and birds, covered with the grime of years, are hung about the. walls, mingled with the pictures of brawny' heroes, who adorned the English and American prize ring .half a century ago. Nothing, is new; everything around you reminds you of the past. The pictures of racehorses are: those which stirred the blood of our grandfathers. j Sir Henry, Eclipse, Boston, Fashion, Pey tonia, and Abdullah. The floor may possibly be swept; say about once in a decade, but no brush or broom is allowed.; upon the shelves or walls, nor has there been for fifty years. The cobwebs hang in festoons everywhere, and herein the midet of the grime sit princely merchants, broken and bankers, sipping their whisky toddies and brandy and water, which thoy will tell you is nowhere so good for a taste. It :is nearly forty years ago since Dickens paid it a visit, when he wrote his American Notes, and Thackeray declared to a frien dthat the place was full of inspiration. The Prince of Wales took it in among the eights of the city, and his initials, written with a diamond, were on one of the panes of glass* The Czarevitch on his visit here a few years ago, left a little memento behind - him there; and it is among- its. traditions.:that the Emperor Napoleon when he was a wander* ing vagabond in New Yt/rk,- frequently tucked his L,g8 under the table there, foi- it is currently believed by its patrons that its wines and liquors are the best to be found in New York. I expect to see it razed to the ground before many years have passed, and with it will disappear ,one of the most interesting landmarks in New York. The week has been one of the most dis agreeable that we . have had for-months. It came in with a storm of sleet and snow, which was exceedingly trying and severe.:! Walking at one time was almost impossible, and riding was out of the question t as a well shod horse could scarcely keep his feet. There is hope for tlie decent drama. Hazel Xirke, at tlie Madisoa Square Theatre, has reached its 350th night. May it run for three hundred and fifty nights more. It is clean and decent—just such a play as any man, be he a deacon or a presiding elder, a clergyman or a lawyer, a stockjobber or a swindler (which is very much the same thing), may take his wife or his daughter to, and bring them away a great deal better and wiser than they went. All honor to Steele Mackaye { Jie has laid the - respectable people of New York under a deep obligation, which it is evident they have not forgotten. Last Sunday Dr. Talmage was to have preached upon Bernhardt, but the angel of death crossed his threshold, and his only son was stricken down. On last Sunday he laid him away under the snow in the midst of a blinding storm, and the heart of the strong man was melted. He who had so often stood by the death couch of others to speak words ' of hope and consolation, now stood much in need of consolation himself. For a day, at least, the voice of his- detractors is hushed. His enemies are silent, and bis great grief has' touched the hearts of many who have never looked upon his face. 