MELBOURNE HUNT CLUB STEEPLECHASE. (FROM OUR Ora CORRESPONDENT.) Saturday Evening. lho races at I'lemmgton this afternoon afforded a pleasant opportunity of escaping from the dust of the city, and, although the attendance has been exceeded at previous meetings, there was, taking tho rather threatening look of tho weather into ac count, a fair muster. Tho grand stand was well patronised by tho ladies, and as the ma jority of them bad donned their Spring attire the display was good. His Ex cellency and suite arrived beforo tho first race, and stayed during the afternoon. For tho Handicap Hurdle, which opened the programme, Rhesus was made a hot favorite, boing backed at evens against the field of eight, but ho was easily overthrown by Black Prince, and finished a bad third, thoroughly pumped out. The Corinthian Flat Race brought out seven, and tho favorite, Pirate, who was ridden by Mr Inglis, had it all his own way aftsr passing the lawn, heading Sea King by a couple of lengths. Time, 1 min. 192 8ec- 1'ho Hunt Club Cup resulted curiously. It was won by Nimbook, with Syphon second, these being tho only horses placed. Tho two, however, missed tho last jump, and, as there was no third horso to award tho race to, tho stewards declared it null and void, and dceided that it must bo run over again. This was done after the last race, and tho result was that Young Deceiver won, Nimbook and Syphon running second and third. Tho Handicap Flat Race was won by Mr D. S. Wallace's fino horse Napper Tandy, Tho Ghoul, who was made a favorito (whilst the winner's name had scarcely been mentioned) running second. Euchre secured the Open Steeple chase rather easily, out of a field of seven. Nunnykirk won the Selling Stakes, the favorite, Buzza, being last, and tho Flying Stakes resulted in a victoryf orPrince George. The following were the events HANDICAP HURDLE RACE, of 50 sovs. About two miles. W. B. Power's bl g Black Prince, 6yrs, 9at 71b (J. King) ... 1 N. Webb's b h Don Pedro, 4yrs, 9st 91b (Batty) ... 2 T: Nagiitcn's b g Rhesus, aged, lOst 91b (Floyd) ... 3 Dutchman, Young Alfred, Young Dollar, Noonday, Little King, and Marie also went. Betting : Even on Rhesus, 4 to 1 Dutch man, 4 to 1 Black Prince, 5 to 1 others. Don Pedro showed in front at tho start, attended by Black Prince, Noonday, and Dollar, Rhesus whipping in. Over the first hurdle tho way was shown by Don Pedro, Marie next, then came Noonday, Prince Alfred, and Dutchman. The same order was maintained into tho straight, and, at the hurdle before reaching tho stand, Marie ran off. Don Pedro, Noonday, Black Prince, and Dutchman was the order past the stand. Don Pedro still led at the turn; Noonday second, two lengths away, a length in front of Dutchman. Rhesus passed Dutchman by the river side, and at the next hurdle ho went by Black Prince. At tho back tho favorito was second, a couple of lengths behind Don Pedro, with Noonday third, Black Prince and Dutchman next. Black Prince camo at the sheds, and soon afterwards collared Don Pedro. Rhesus also drew up to the leader, but cavcd in after a struggle. Black Prince came in an easy winner by threo lengths, Don Pedro the same distance in front of Rhesus, Dutchman fourth, Noonday filth. Time 3min 59&sec.; CORINTHIAN FLAT RACE.-A welter han dicap of 50 sovs. Open to all horses. To be ridden by members or hon; members of tho Melbourne Hunt Club, members of the Victoria Racing Club, or of the Victoria Amatour Turf Club. About three- quarters of a milo. A. K. Inglis' br h Pirate (late Rich mond), 5yrs, list 41b '...(Owner) 1' T. Jones' oh li Sea King, Gyrs,"Ilst Sib (Haines) ... '2 J. M'Phaie's b h Torrific, 5yrs, 12st 91b (Chirnside) ... 3 The other starters were Robbie Burns, Napoleon, Adele, and Diana. 6 to 4 was laid about Pirate, and 3 to 1. against the rest. Thoy kept well together until reaching the tan, where Pirate took tho lead, was never headed, and won easily by a couple of lengths from Sea King, who came well under the whip at the finish, Terrific third, Adelo fourth, Diana fifth, and Robbie Burns last. Time, lmin. lOJsecs. j BUST CLUB STEEPLECHASE.-A welter han dicap Bteepleohase. A gold cup, with 50 sovs. added, and a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each for starters. For bona fide hunters, approved by the committee of the Melbourne Hunt Club. Horses that have started in any steeplechase since 1st September, 18S0, must have hunted five times thij season. Tho handicap to be made by tho committee of the Melbourne Hunt Clnb. To bo rid den by members or hon. members of the Melbourne Hunt Club or of any recognised HuntClub; to be approved of by the stewards. Over such course as the stewards may ap point. About two miles and a half. J. O. IngliB'bk g Nimbook, aged, list 101b (Owner) ' V ... 1 W. Marlin's b g Syphon,' aged, 123t 71b (Mr I, Watson), ... 2 Marquis, Saxon, Skylark, Hands Down, and Bacchus also went. Betting : Even on Syphon,3 to 1 Nimbook and others. Saxon led at tho start, then came Syphon, Edith, Nimbook, Skylark, Hands Down, and Bacchus. Young Decoiver ran round tho first fence. At the abattoirs Edith was iu front, with Saxon, Syphon, and Nimbook next. Edith baulked at the training ground, whore Saxon was in front, and Syphon,Nim book, and Skylark followed in that order. Saxon and Syphon turned into tho straight together, Nimbook still running third. Edith, who had got over the fence at which she baulked, baulked again near tho stand before passing, which Saxon struck heavily, but was well recovered. Syphon led by tho stand, followed by "Saxon, Nimbook, aud Skylark, but tho unlucky Edith caino to grief. Nimbook took sccond place at tho turn, "imd Saxon began to drop back. Syphon and Nimbook went on to gether, and just before making tho Railway bridge Skylark cams down. The two leaders placed a long gap between themselves and tho remainder of the horses, and there was soon nothing else in it. Syphon kept a few lengths in front of Nimbook until tho turn for home, whero Nimbook drew alongside, defeated him, and won by several lengths, Syphon being eased oil when his rider saw it was hopeless. Saxon finished third, 200 yards away, but was not placed. Time, fimin Gsec. A protest was entered against tho winner upon tho ground that he, with Syphon, had missed the last fenco, and the stewards dccided that the race should be run over again. This was done after tho con clusion of the remainder of tho races, and resulted in a win for Young Deceiver by half a length, Nimbook second, Syphon third. Time, Gmin Jscc. HANDICAP FLAT RACE, of 50 sovs. Open to all horses. About one mile. D. S. Wallace's br h Nappcr Tandy,Gyrs, Sst 91b (O'Brien) .. 1 J. Thompson's ro or ch h Tho Ghost, (lato Salisbury), 4yrs, 7st 61b (0. Wil liams) .... 2 H. B. Worrell's bo or br f Cantala, 3yrs, Gst 111b (Walker) ... 3 Tho other starters were: Chatterer, Sooth sayer, Supple Jack, Sea King, Trout, Ween, Greyhound, and Josephine. Bet ting-5 to 2 The Ghost, 3 to 1. Chatterer, 4 to 1 Josephine, 5 to 1 others. Chatterer led off, attended by The Ghost, Napper Tandy, and Josephine. The fa vorito then showed iu front, with Chat terer, Trout, and Josephine in that order. Tho Ghost and Chatterer were running neck and neck at the abattoirs, Josephine lying third. Tho Ghost dropped back at tho sheds, where Chatterer was in front, but they were all in a cluster at tho turn. There Napper Tandy showed in front,on theinside, and was soon clear of anything else. The Ghost came at tho distance, but conld not get within two or three lengths of Napper, who won very easily, Cantala third, Jose phine fourth. Time-lmin 45Jscc. OPEN STEEPLECHASE.-A handicap sweep stakes of 3 sovs, each for starters, with 100 sovs. added. Over such course as the stewards may appoint. About two miles. E. Howie's b g Euchre, 6yrs, Oat 121b (Scobie) ... 1 H. Burrcll's ch m Actress, aged, 9st (Wall) ... 2 M. Moran'a ro m First Love, aged, Cat 121b (Grace) ... 3 Mariner, Right Bower, Postmaster, and Intrepid also went. Betting : Euchre led off, followed by Intrepid aud Actress. All negotiated the first fence successfully, bnt tho second, over which Actress led, brought about the downfall- of Intrepid. Euchre led into the straight, Right Bower aud Actress next, then First Love, Post man, aud Intrepid. At the stand Euchre was about half a length to the good of llight Bower, Actress and First Love filling tho third and fourth positions. The order was maintained with littlo variation, but passing the railway bridge Right Bower fell, and when ho resumed the race he was minus his jock. Actress having joined Euchre, the r.'iCO was left to tho two, and in the end Euchre won easily by three or four lengths; First Lovo 200 yards away third, then at intervals Postman and Mariner. Time, 4min. 54Jsecs. HANDICAP SELLING STAKES, of SOsovs. The winner to bo sold for 100 sovs. ; if for SO sovs., allowed 71b off handicap weight; if for GO sovs., allowed 141b ; if for 40 sovs., allowed 211b; if for 20 sovs., allowed 2 stone. About five furlongs. J. G. Reid's b g Nunnykirk, aqed, Gat 71b (Cracknell) ... 1 M. J. Cripps' b g Red Light, Gyrs, Gst 71b (Barr) ... 2 J. O. Inglis' b g Buzza, 4yrs, 7st 71b (Cashen) ..." 3 No others started. 3 to 1 was laid on Buzza. Ho got away well, but gave way successively to Red Light and Nunny kirk, and tho latter won easily by throe. lengths. Time, lmin 5sec. FLYING STAKFS, of 30 sovs. For 2 yrs old. Colts, 7st 101b ; fillies, 7st 51b. About half a mile. J. W. Whittiugliam's b or brc Princo George (SI. Murphy) ... 1 W. PJarson's b f Tanglo, 7sfc 51b (Wil liamson) ... 2 Tanglo was the favorite at 3 to 1, whilst 4 to 1 was laid about others. Tanglo was the first to show in front, and she came on with a good lead, appearing to have the race in hand, but Princo George emerged from tho others at tho carriage pad dock, and, overhauling the favorite in splendid style, defeated her by a head, Les bia third, Avon fourth, KingCharlcs fifth. Time, lmin 50}sec. 