A GHOST AT NOOJNDAY. fFrom the London Fall Hall Gazette] We have received the following extraordi nary narrative from a correspondent for whose good faith and professional acutoness of obser vation we oan vonch. He substantiates his story with full details of dates, names, and places, which, however, for the Bake of the survivors, he does not wish to be published. Without any further preface, wo lay his letter before our readers:— As my wife and I were sitting at breakfast with a guest, whom I will call Mr. A., then on a visit for the first time to our house and neighborhood, onr maidservant passed out of the room on her way to the kitchen. As she closed the door Mr. A. startled me by casing— " I saw a spirit of a man following that woman, who, aB he passed, said distinctly in my hear ing, 'God judgeth not as man judgeth. I was innocent of the murder for which I have been hanged. I was there, but I did not strike the blow.'" "What is it like ?" I asked. He replied by describing a young Irishman whom I recognised at onoa as the husband of my domestio, who a year or two before had been executed on the charge of murder. Mr. A, a complete stranger to the looality, had only met me for the first time t wo days before, and he was totally ignorant of the crime in which my servant was bo deeply in terested. For obvious reasons the snbjeot was never [alluded to in our household, wher8 the widow was regarded with feelings of sym pathy, which led us to avoid »b much as pos sible all reference to her husband's fate. I had previously good reason to doubt whether the evidence against him justifiedhis execution. He bad died protesting his innccenoe. His wife and friends were firmly convinced that, although he had bee» in the fight, it was not by his hand the fatal blow had been dealt. In addition to this, I had good reason to believe that the real murderer was still at large. Sou can easily imagine my astonishment when Mr. A. thus suddenly ventured upon forbidden ground, and abruptly declared that the epirit of a man who had suffered the capital penalty, and whose per sonal appearance exactly coincided with that of the unfortunate Irishman, wa3 aotually following the servant about the hcuse pro claiming his innocence in accents which, although inaudible to me, mv guest de clared were perfectly audible to him, I bad heard that Mr. A. had bean a " seer," but I was not a little startled at this striking illustration of his peculiar faculty. I remarked that it was very strange, and in formed him that the woman whom he had justecen for the first time with her ghostly companion was really the widow of an executed felon. Some time afterwards he exclaimed: " There he is again, repeating the same words!" Intensely interested by this sudden and apparently supernatural confirmation of my suspicions, I determined to put the seership of ray guest to what I regarded as a crucial test. I told Mr. A. that shortly afterwards I was going into town, and as I should he passing the spot where the murder was committed perhaps his ghoBtly visitant might indicate the place where the dead man lay. Some time afterwards we started for the town. When we left the house Mr. A. remarked, " There he is following us," alluding to the ".spirit." When we had proceeded part of the way along the road, which was quite unknown to my friend, I made a detour,tomake a business call and went along another street, Mr. A. following me. Just as, without a word on my part, we were turning out of the main road, Mr. A. said, " The spirit is standing at the corner. He says wa are not going the right way towards the place where the murder was com mitted, and whioh he has promised to point out to me." I replied, " Oh, we shall come out in the main road sgain by-and-bye before we reach the spot." We proceeded on about a quarter cf a mile, and having done my business and struck the main road again— which differed, I may remark, from none [of the other roads we had traversed—Mr. A. scon after declared, "There is that man just on there, waiting far us." As we continued our walk, I purposely refrained from uttering a word, or even from thinking, as far as I could, about the murder, so as to prevent any possibility of my companion obtaining any olue. As we were passing through one of the lowest parts of the town Mr. &. suddenly ex olaimed:—"He tells me that it was here the murder was committed. It was just there (pointing to the glace in the road where the murdered man fell), I fee the hubbub and con fusion rise up before me as a pioture, with the people round. He, however, again tells me that he did not strike the fatal blow. He does not excuse himself from being morally guilty as being mixed up with those who accomplished the death of the man, but strongly maintaius that he was not the murderer." I will only add in relation to the last incident that Mr. A. deeciibed the exact spot where the murder was committed, and the circumstances in connexion therewith. How can you account for that? Mr. A. had never been in the town before; he bad never lived within a couple of hundred miles of it; he did not know till wi'hin a day or two before he arrived that he wonld ever visit it; he could not by any pos sibility have known that the poor woman ia my employ was the widow of a man who was hanged. Ha had no conceivable'interest iu deceiving me, nor we.s he concerned to prosecute the matter any further. I have in vain at tempted to account for his story, nor oan I on nny of the popular hypotheses explain to my own satisfaction how he saw that ghoBt at nooa dsy. That he did see it ha assured me much to my surprise, when no one expeoted any such revelation ; and whatever he saw, it certainly led him to the exact spot where the murder was committed. 