ELLERSLIE. A SOUTH AUSTRALIAN TALE. CHAPTER XVL—(Continued). BR AGNES NEALE. " I have," she returned calmly. " Then you will be pleased to write and recall it." " I shall be pleased to do nothing of ttw kind," Kate returned quietly. " You surety ttot seriously think to rule my movements to such an extent! I have promised, and I never break my word, Mr. Stanley." " You shall 3" he thundered, " or, by Jupiter, ril make you." , " Mr. Stanley," Kate said coldly," it is as well perhaps that we should understand each other once for all in this matter. This is Thursday. I shall leave Ellerslie for Adelaide on Monday morning, and it will be quite as well if you do not attempt to hinder me. I am not a child, and I tell you candidly will not be played with. You will understand for the future that I will be free to go where and when I please, or I will know the reason why." " You may go to the 3" The banging of the door finished, but Kate made a guess to whose dominions she had been consigned. Poor Eliza, disappointed and crestfallen, had crept away to her own room to have another cry. This visit, in company with Kate, had promised such a break in the dull monotony of her uueventful life, for she admired her cousin very much. The decided will, and strong proud nature were so opposite to her own weak yielding self, and she longed to be with Kate for a little while away from Isabel, for she was desperately afraid of Isabel, aud she loved as well as admired Kate. But of the deep love her quiet unobtrusive little cousin cherished for her, Kate had no idea. Like too many others, she bad gone far off, looking for flowers and sunshine, and had neglected that which grew and shone at her own door." Well," exclaimed Isabel, as soon as her father's noisy exit had been accomplished, " I don't think I ever did hear anything like your impudence." " Indeed," responded Kate cooliy. " When I require your opinion on any point, Miss Stanley, I'll ask you for it; meanwhile, there is not the least necessity for you to put yourself to the inconvenience of giving it." My dear," put in Mrs. Stanley mildly j and Mrs. Stanley was always mild; indeed, she was an angel without any wings. Very much so, in fact, and Kate was apt to say, of doubtful color also. " My dear, 1 must say I think you ought to show a little more respect to your uncle. I do now, really." Do yoa really?" Kate queried calmly. " I do, indeed." " Why, ma'am ?" Kate questioned calmly. "Oh, because—why, don't you see, because he is your uncle." Yes, ma'am, I see so far ; no further." " Why, if he is your uncle, you ought, of course, to respect him." I faii to see how that alone—the fact of his being my uncle—\iives him my claim to my respect, unless his conduct backs it. And 1 must say I don't feel the least bit inclined to respect the man who tries to thwart me in every wish, just because it is my wish, and is cruel enough to deny his own daughter what must needs have been a pleasure, and might well have been a profit also." Are those friends of yours religious ?" Mrs. Stanley asked with pious effusion. I don't think they are," acknowledged Kate. " Then, my dear, your nncle was quite ight. It would be wrong to trust our Eliza to the mercy of the enemy of souls, * who goeth about like a roaring lion seeking whom be may devour?'" " Fiddlesticks!" cried Kate irreverently. " I like consistency, Aunt Stanley." I always endeavor to be consistent, my dear," Mrs. Stanley returned, with a sanctimonious flourish." " You do ?" cried Kate indignantly. " Well, I must say, L like that; I suppose you call it consistent with Christianity to go to all the balls you can by any means procure tickets for ; to regularly attend the theatre, opera, or circns; and to have your sideboards constantly laden with liquors of every description. You may call it consistent, but I do not." Mrs. Stanley had recourse to her smelling-bottle once or twice, wiped her gold-rimmed spectacles, and carefully put them on upside down. Kate had time to cool off a little, and to see that she had been hardly judicious. " My dear," recommenced Mrs. Stanley, " a little indulgence in harmless amusements will hurt no one; and God requires that we should make use of the good gifts He so bountifully sends us." " Yes," returned Kate, " but can amusements which neeesNitate questionable associations be called harmless and can that which produces the physical death (to say nothing of that other death, which you are so apt to talk about, aunt) of thousands yearly, can that be fairly called a good gift of God? What sort of a God is yours that He 1 sends into the world, and expects us to use, that which must needs produce misery aud death untold ?" " You might say the same thing of poison." " So I will, when any oue poison, or all put together, produce auythiug like the same amount of crime, wretchedness, degradation, and woe, as this socalled gift of God is constanly producing. Aunt, it is no use talking about this thing ; people don't drink because it is a gift of God, or because it is good ; tliey drink because they like it. Those instances wherein it is drank for any other reason are very few, and very far between. _' They drink because they like it,' is about the best explanation that can be given of the marvellous consumption of alcoholic liquors which goes on every year throughout the civilized world." Mrs, Stanley shook her head mournfully, wrung the bell in a sorrowful, grieved way, and piously ordered the servant to bring her some port wine negus for supper. CHAPTER XVII. On Monday morning, true to her word, Kate left Eilerslie, and Mr. Stanley thought that all things considered it was, perhaps, quite as well not to interfere with her proceedings. Poor Eliza bade her good-bye with a face of quiet sadness, which she did not forget all day, and which she remembered many times during her absence. The Kate Wallace who, a little tired with her journey, and a good deal flushed and happy with several other things, put her head out of the 'bus and greeted Guss and Hilda, a little between smiles ami tears, was a very different being from the Kate Wallace who, only a few months before, had taken up her solitary residence in the white city. What a chattcring there was when they reached the house, and all sat down to have " a good yarn," as Gns called it— what a wliirr of busy tongues, asking and answering questions by the score. Mr. Vernon good-naturedly declared that a rookery would not be a circumstance to it; while his fair smiling lady wife asserted that " a rookery was just dreadful—bah—but the children's chatter was charming." " And wlial do you suppose is to be the grand thing for the summer, Mistress Kate?" Guss asked wickedly, while he pinched Nora's cheek, and that or something else made it color gloriously. I haven't the least idea," Kate replied innocently. No ! You don't say so ? Well, it is then. I do assure you, solemnly, and on my honor that it's a fact." He looked so genuinely in earnest that Kate was mystified for a moment. " What is ?" she questioned. " Didn't they tell you ?" "Of coarse not; else I should have known." " (iuss, you are stupid," put in Nora. " No I am not, my dear. Kate it's an execution." " In the house ?" queried Kate, with a face of such solemn interest that it set them all laughing. Guss said he thought not. " Ah, you see," with an air of relief, " it would be such a pity for all Nora's pretty things to go ; don't you thiuk so ?" Guss eyed her fiercely. " You've been initiated," he said in a tone of mock severity. No, I assure you;" Kate answered, " I'm as innocent as a snowflake." You are," he said. "Just wait till I go down town and think about that. " And where is it to be?" Kate asked, when Guss had taken himself off, and the three girls were alone together, nestling up to Nora's side and laying her head in her lap. " When are you to be executed, Nora dear ?" Nora lauarhed a little, and blushed, but answered nevertheless that it was to take place in about six weeks' time. " And you see," Hilda said, " Guss aud I are two, and yon and Mr. Grant are two more, and we just thought we would like your poor little cousin to make up the other couple." I am sorry she could not come, : Kate said sincerely ; " the more so, as she would have done so had she been permitted. Who is the other gentleman ?" " We don't know much of him, but he seems very pleasant, and he is Mr. Grant's cousin." " Not Mr. Garton Clyde, surely ?" Kate asked a little breathlessly. " The same," Hilda returned, " do you know him ?" " A little," Kate answered, then coloring, she added straightfowardly " That is scarcely true, Hilda, I know him more than a little. I know him well; and I am sorry that he is to be here." " I am sorry too, since you are ; but you see he is Mr. Grant's cousin, and we did not know that you knew anything about him. Don't you like him Kate ?" " In some things, yes; in other things, not at all. The fact that he was Hedley Grant's cousin gave me a preju dice against him at the first. However, I got over that, and I suppose I shall over this, too. Anyway, it can't be belped. Who is to officiate, Nora? " I don't know yet," Nora said, " we have not decided. I do hope we shall be able to get some one we like," " Wiiy not. Its easy enough." " Now, girls," Hilda said, " we three are to be a committee of ways and means, you know. Kate, my dear, what do you intend wearing ?" Why, what shall you wear ?" Paddy ! Answering one question by asking another. I declare, you ought to be the daughter of Hibernia, instead of Nora, there. Well, I have not decided yet. White, of course, it must be ; but I'm still in a fog as to the material of which it is to be composed." So the three resolved themselves into a committee, and the discussion lasted till Guss returned, aud created a diversion in favor of rationality, he said. That night, as Kate sat alone in the room assigned to her, there came a low timid rap at the door, and in answer to her " Come in," Hilda entered. She came up to Kate, drew a low stool to her feet, and sat down. " ' Father Confessor, I'm come to confess,' " laughed Kate, as she lifted the bright locks and twisted them around her fingers. Yes," Hilda answered seriously, " I have come to confess. To yon first of all; and I wonder what you will all say to it 3" I must hear the confession first, and then I will decide," though her tone sobered a little, too. The confession was nothing to grieve over, she felt sure; for Hilda's face, though she had never seen it look just so before, was not less bright than usual. " Well, this is it," pursued Hilda steadily, the thought came to me a long time ago, and gradually, as time wore on, it has been stronger and stronger. It seemed to me that I did not belong to myself, and that I had no right to live as I have been living. I thought the matter out—ventilated it thoroughly, as the preachers say ; so, having decided that I did not belong to myself, and having also discovered to whom I did belong, the next thing was to give myself to Him: and I have done it." Kate looked at lier a moment in puzzled bewilderment. She would have thought her jesting, but the bright calm face and deep earnest eyes forbade the idea. " You have done it ? Given yourself away!" she repeated slowly, and as if she did not at all comprehend the matter. " Yes, but to whom ? I don't understand." Hilda colored a little, and hesitated a moment, then she answered, speaking firmly aud clearly, though her voice was low— "My body, soul, and spirit, Jesus I give to tliee : A consecrated offering, Thine ever more to be." Her voice died away, and Kate sat in blank silence. Were they two together there, she wondered, or were they one at the North Pole and the other at the South. She almost thought that it must be so, so wide was the gulf that seemed to stretch between them now. Not earth's remoted bounds could have sundered them more entirely than Hilda's confession had done. True, the girl sat there at her feet, and her bright hair streamed over her fingers in rippling waves of gold. She could stoop and put her arms around her ; nay, she was conscious in a dim sort of way that one hand was clasped and held firmly ; but the true intercourse, the communion of spirit with spirit was at an end. And she had loved her so. A pitiful, yearning cry broke on the stillness of the air, as she leaned forward and clasped her pas.-ionately around her companion. " Oh, Hilda, come back to me 1" Hilda looked up, the light of a diviner love than earih can give shining in her eyes. ". No, Kate ; come to me ? But Kate relaxed her hold with a dreary sigh. Between you and me there is a great gulf fixed," she quoted slowly. " But the gulf may be crossed now. Christ himself has laid down the bridge.' " Not for me," Kate said. " I have denied the son of God and put Him to an open shame. " So did Paul; yet God chose him to do a special work for Him. I know what you mean, Kate, but you are not the first who has denied God aud afterwards become His servant. The Bible, the world are full of such instances; they are recurring every day, and must recur, while men are sinners, and God says, 4 he that cometli unto me I will in no wise cast out.' " Kate made no response, and kissing her silently, Hilda went away. The grey dawn was stealing over the city spires when Kate Wallace rose from her chair, and crept silently into bed CHAPTER XVIII. The next morning the family rallied Kate on lier pale looks, and Guss sym pathetically enquired if she had seen a ghost, been attacked by robbers, burned the house down, or had been otherwise killed or murdered ? But no one guessed the real cause of her evident disposition. Only Hilda; and she ate her her breakfast in sad silence, grieving for the grief of her friend. Ail day Kate gave her attention as well as she could to the various preparations for the coming event, but always with the same pale face and pre- occupted air, See was thinking of Hilda, of herself, but more than all of Arthur. If she, walking by Hilda's side, feeling the soft touch of her baud, or hearing the glad bird notes of her voice, felt so widely separated from her because of the faith she did not share, how infinitely greater nmst be the separation between herself and Arthur? She shuddered as the truth presented itself to her mind iu all its ugly truthfulness. Arthur in heaven was farther from her than Hilda on earth could possibly be; and she had promised to meet him there. Again she seemed to see that ^deathbed scene, to meet the imploring look of those loving eyes, and hear the last low words in the dear familiar voice, It was almost mote than she could do to preserve even an outward show of calmness : within the tempest raged beyond control. Nora and Hilda, with Guss as an escort, went shopping, for the purpose of choosing the bridesmaid's dresses, and Kate went with them. It is not too much to say that the material might have been any one or all the colors of the rainbow combined, for all she knew to the contrary. She answered questions she never comprehended, aud gave opinions on thiugs she scarcely saw. Outside one of the shops they encountered Carl. ^ j " My dear fellow," Guss cried gaily, | " what good angel suggested to you the I idea of turning up in the very nick of time?" " I caught sight of the last bit of a train that looked familiar, so I concluded that I'd wait and see who drew it. I am rewarded, you perceive, as patient waiters generally are." " Well, having been rewarded, unlike Little Bow Peep,' by finding your sheep, will you kindly act shepherd for the rest of the afternoon ? If you will hold yourself responsible, I will return home." Well, really, Mr. Impudence, yon are extremely complimentary, I must say," laughed Hilda. My dear, I am storing up all my compliments for the auspicious occasion. You shall have them then, full measure, pressed down, and running over; and by their brilliancy and variety, Alladin's famous jewels shall be ' beat into sticks,' as saith Tom Ingoldsby. Miss Kate," he added, turning to her with a sudden change of voice and manner, Jt if your presence is not absolutely indispensable you had better come too. You are hardly over your journey yet, and you look tired." « Thank you," Kate said in a tone of quick relief, " I will come gladly." The walk home was silent on Kate's part, though her companion talked gaily all the way, not noticing, or .pretending Dot to notice, that she neither heard nor heeded what he was saying to her. Arrived at home, he took her straight into the little room, which the girls always used as a sitting-room, and which at this hour of the day he knew would be unoccupied. He led her to a chair, seated her in it, and then standing before her with folded hands said quietly— " Now, Kate, what is it ?" She looked up at him, startled, then dropped her face in her hands with a low sob. " What is it ?" he repeated, in the same firm gentle way. " Arthur," she cried, wringing her hands in the very abandonment of grief, Oh, Arthur! Guss, I want him so much." He passed his arm around her, and drew her head down against him tenderly One would scarcely have given gay, careless Guss Vernon credit for so much gentleness and feeling. He.let her weep on for a little, it would do her good, he thought. Then he quoted softly— " Oh, if no other boon were given To keep our souls from wrong and stain, Who would not strive to win a heaven, Where all we love shall live again ?" She recoiled from him, as though he had stung her. " You, too," she cried, with a breathless gasp. " Must I loose all?" He drew her head back to its place again, keeping it there with a very firm, though a very gentle hand. " No," he said, " instead of that, why not, by believing, regain all ? Faith has the promise of the life that now is as well of that which is to come." " I have not faith," she answered brokenly. " Not now; but you may have for the asking." " I have fought against God," she answered. " So has many another. But I have never yet heard that God refused pardon to any who asked it of Him." She tamed away from him, answering coldly that she had. made " her choice, and would abide by it. " At all hazards," he asked earnestly. " At all hazards," she answered, but she would not look at him while she answered. " Remember, Arthur," he said, though his heart smote him when he Baw the cruel pain that came into her face. Without a word she went away and Mt him, and he saw no more of her till dinner time. All were in their places at table when Kate came in : and as Gus glanced, up he was struck with the resemblance between her look to-day and on that day .when he had first seen her at Ellerslie, only that the fire seemed extinguished now. Her seat was opposite his, and she never once raised her eyes during the whole time. Hilda looked distressed ; Nora and Carl, as might he expected, were unconscious; ami Mr. and Mrs. Vernon never guessed that aught was amiss. Dinner was about half through when Mr. Grant arriyed, and the ladies withdrew to the drawing-room as speedily as might be. Greetings and remarks were exchanged, and all the little nothings so dear to English conventionalism were said, and then Mr. Grant turned to Kate— ' Have you seen the opera yet, Miss Wallace?" " No," Kate answered listlessly. " Let me have the pleasure of taking you to-night, then. They are playing Fidelio.' I am sure you will like it." At that instant Guss entered the room, and looking up, and reading the wish that she should answer " No" in his eyes, the spirit of contrariety came upon her, and she gave precisely the opposite answer. " I will go, certainly, Mr. Grant, if - I can get dressed in anything like time." Gus bit his lips, but wisely forbore to say anything, justly considering that the less said the better in such a case. Kate paused before the glass, as she arranged the rich pearls in her dusky hair, the last touch to her splendid toilette, and thought this was the first time in her life that she had ever consented to enter the theatre, either for the opera or drama, and she knew well that she would never have done so now, but that she was angry. She was ill at ease, and Mr. Grant found her anything but a talkative companion. It might have been " Fidelio" or " Faust" that was being played before her, for all the difference she would have discovered that night. Mr. Grant watched her in perplexed silence. She sat with folded hands, and eyes that looked straight before her and saw nothing. And though a tempest of sweet music swelled around her, rising and falling in delicious waves of sound, she never heard or . thought of it. " Because I have called, and ye refused; therefore I will laugh at your calamity, I will mock when your fear cometh upon you." That was the thought that came to her as she had stood before the glass, braiding the pearls in her dusky hair; and it was the echo of those words that kept out all sound of the music swelling around her. Had she really lost all chance of Arthur —all chance of seeing. him for ever. She had never doubted God's existence, hut she had fought rebelliously against His authority, and His doings. She had dared to defy the God of Heaven, and He would laugh at her calamity, and mock when her fear came. She thought of Guss and Hilda; she and they must stand apart for all eternity ; and if that, then better, infinitely better, that they should stand apart for all time also. Better never to know and love a friend than that that friendship slionld be for time only. Aud what was time compared with eternity; and what is happiness or misery compared with the limitless duration of cycles that know no end ? Then to be separated from Arthur. Above all, and through all r this thought brought the keenest pain. Personal happiness or misery, except "as it came through the loss, or otherwise, of her friends as yet did not touch her. The wrath of God, as it affected herself, brought no forbodings to her mind, except in so far as that wrath availed to separate her from those she loves. Thea. came another thought. The man at her side was treading the same path as herself; from hiin at least she would not be separated. Was that a consolartion ? She stopped in her thought and looked at it. By her side for a whole eternity. Never separated through the limitless ages that would roll. cn, and on, and on. Always together, and always—she shuddered at the thought, for their path was a downward one. She awoke with a gasp to the present, to find herself standing on the pavement, with the stars looking down at her, and Mr. Grant asking her what was the matter. " You were not hearing the music," he said," and I feared you were ill. Now what shall we do ?" " Go home," she said briefly. " But the carriage is not here." " Never mind ; I can walk." They walked on in silence tor a little, and then Mr. Grunt said hesitatingly— " Miss Wallace, would it be impertinent to ask what was occupying yonr thoughts so deeply just now ?" " No," she answered : " I will tell you what I was thinking." And as she walked at his side, her hands clasped over his arm, she told all that had been in her mind—told him of Hilda and of Guss, telling him all with a monotonous sadness that went to her IwtenerV heart. Alsojj"she^told him •more of Arthur than sheTKad ever said before; and, finally, she told hira of her thought with regard to herself ; and he listened, and felt his heart stand still at the picture that she drew." Heix&T; said that he did not believe in a God, because he must believe that He was not, or that He was good; but he asked his own heart now how far that theory would hold good. In the presence of this living human experience, how could he question the existence of a power beyond himself, out of himself, all-wise,- all-mighty, and, his own heart added, all-good. He was an infidel no Jonger.; and had Kate only known it, they had already entered on separate paths. Yet perhaps no, for both in their different ways were searching after God. Blindly it might be, iguorantly also, but still searching, and therefore sure to find. (To be continutd in our next.) 