T&E; ? 1 j i" - v r : , . r . ' . " "The' daytvas drawing towards its dose and the young charity-children, assembled in the "newly-repaired school-" room of the stnaUvilt≥ of XAttleford, blanced tmnatiehtlv throuffV the win!" dowaat theshadows cast by the dedin-! ing eon j for. hqne >jbqew: better, by those shadows, than they,- that five o'clock was near. "First class come np and spell," called ont the governess, from behind her table by the window. ' , "There ain't no time, Miss," replied one iof the girls; with the easy familiarity apt " to subsist between bcholar and teacher in rustic schools, ltfa a'most sleek on the stroke o' five." Tbe. governess, a Cur, pleasant- Looking young woman dressed |n mourning, and far too ladylike in appearance fbrthe paid mistress of a charity-school, glanced round at the hour-glass, andsawthatit wanted full ten minutes to the hour. "3$ere is time for a short lesson, children," she said. "Pat aside your work, audcomeup." The first class laid their sewing on the bench, and were ranging themselves round the governess's" table, when a young lady.iin a 'hat' and ridingdiabit; followed by a groom, galloped past the -windows, and reined in. "Governess!" exclaimed a dozen voices, " here's Miss Rickhurat,". " Go .on 5 with your work, children ; what do yo you mean by pressirg to the , iVrindpwf F sDid you never |»e;M«ss Bicfc- Tturst befjiVf JaAe Hewgill, open the door." . "How d'ye do, Miss Winter f said (he young lady tbqy had called 10m Rickhurat, .carelessly nodding to the governess, 'as. she entered "How are you getting ont What class have yon npnowP "Spoiling," replied Miaa Winter. "Jane Hewgill, why don't yon ehut the door" ;;C; ""Cause here's Mr. Lewis and bis aunt a-coming np," answered the child. " rma-keeping it opentorthein." W Miss Bickhurst lustily rose bom the governess's eeat, which she hsd uncere moniously taken, and went to the door to meet the new comets. Mr,. Lewis, the clergyman of the parish was » meek/quiet man of thirty years. It is certain he was not ambi tions, for he folt within him an everlast ing debt of gratitude to the noble patron who had stepped forward and presented him with this village living and its stipend of £150 per annum. He had never looked for more than a curacy and half the sum. His father, dead now, had been a curate before him, and he, the son, bad gone to Oxford as a servitor, had taken holy orders, and struggled on. And when the Earl of Littleford, who had silently been an eye-witness of 'the merits and unassuming piety of the poor young curate, presented him, unexpec tedly, with the little village church on his estate, John Lewis raised his heart in thankfulness to the Earl, who had thus, under God, put want away from him for his span of life. Once inducted, into the living, the Reverend John Lewis worked indefatig- ably. Amongst other good works, he re-established the. girls' charity-school ; an anciently-endowed -foundation, which had fallen nearly into abeyance — as many other ancient charities have, in the present day. Tbe mistress of it, Dame Fox; -was old ;«o Lord littleford and the clergyman superannuated her, and looked out for another : and whilst they were looking, Miss Winter, the daughter of Farmer Winter, who was juBt dead, went up to Littleford Hall and asked for the eituatioa The whole village liked Begins Winter : although ahe had received an education, and, for five years of her life, enjoyed a home (with her dead mother's London relatives) far above what Little ford thought suitable for a working farmer's daughter. They likewise took numerous liberties -with her name. Begina! it was one they coold not become familiar with, bo some called her Gica, many Ginny, and a few brought out a short Gin. . After her father's death, ahe found that scarcely any pro vision was left for her ; and, as she ons day eat musing upon what should be her course, the servant Homy, a buxom woman of forty, who had taken care of tbe house since its mistress died, now ten years ago, suddenly suggested that die should apply for the newplace. "What placet" asked Begina. " The achoolmissis's," replied Homy, " The Earl aud the parson are a-wautiog to fiod one, and they do say, in the village, it will be a matter of thirty pounds a year. Surely you'd do, Miss Gins, with the grand edication you've had." "Too much education for. a village schoolmistress," thought. Begina. " But it would keep me well, with what little I have betides." " Go up to Littleford Hall ; go right up yonreelfi Miss Gina, with your own two good legs," advised Homy. "Ho- thing like applying to the fountain-head oneself, if business is to be done," added the shrewd woman. " Apply to Lord Littleford myself 1" ejaculated Begina. "Why not! Ain't he as pleasant- mannered a man as ooe would wish to come across ? One day lately, not three weeks afore poor master dial, the Earl was a -crossing our land on horseback, and be axed me to open the gate o the turnip- field : and he' kept on a-cutting. bis jokes with me all the time I was Srdoing it" The servant's advice was good; and it proved so. Miss Winter made her own application to the Earl of Littleford, and she was successful; though the Earl demurred at her request at first, for her own sake, telling her she was above the situation, and that tbe remu neration was veiy smalL As the clergyman came into the school this afternoon, he shook hands with the Squire's daughter: he then advanced end held out his hand to Miss Winter. Miw Bickhurst followed him -vrith-her eyes, and curled her lip : what business had the near, their associate, to . be riiaVing hands with a charity-school governess ! " I was going to hear the class, Mr. Lewi%".eaid the young lady, after, some minutes had been spent in talking. , Jane Hewgill, tell my groom he may go on with the horses : I shall walk home. Fray, Miss Winter, where did you say they were spelling! . Three syllables ! how very ridiculous ! C-a t cat, c-o-w that's qnite as-far as they ueed go." ' "Do yon think so'!" -returned Regina, in a cold tone,' for she did not like these repeated interferences of -Miss 'BSfck- huret'a . " ; -Highly ridiculous," snapped Mrs. Sudd. - " Wliat crn sudl girls want with spelling. If it were hot for rekdiThe Bible;! should say never teach 'em to read at, all!" . : . - '; A very domineering widow was this, aunt of the clergyman's. Upon his appointment to the Vicarage; down she-, came and established herself in it, assur ing him the honse would never get on . without somebody to manage ih Mr. Lewis had a dim perception that he aud ' Trig bouse would -get on better without her; .but he never said eo, and she. remained. . Mia Winter went to the mantelpiece, and turned her hour-glass. Tt was five o'clock, and . the children flocked out of gchooL The vicar, Mrs. Budd, and Miss Bickhurst followed. ; "Me. Lewis," began the young lady, ins confidential tone, " don't "yon think yonr schoolmistress is getting ' above her business !" . . - . - -T < « In whR mftyiV l»j ;foolring surprised. ;- i- . - 1 ?-'f . _ "There is aach a<;Be bf Kljnoriiy about the young mean implied Superiority," added MiBs Bickhursl; cor recting herself. . ..... „. r. = ' « Ihavealwaysthoughtiheremmuiaiof radsupraaorityabouther,"replieithe vicar. "But I have never known anyone who, in manners nod conversation, gave one leas the idea of implyiqfi gets the childreh on astSnishihfely i a® might tiring by their progress, ahe had taught them two years, instead of barely ooe." " It is of no use to argue with John abont Miss Winter," interposed Mrs. Budd. "He thinks her an angel, and hotiiing less." ' "Ho, Ido not," laughed the Reverend John. "I only think her veryenperior to young women in general." And Miss Bickhurst once more curled her faaugbty Up. f \- Meanwhile, Miss Winter- left the schoolroom, with her assistant ; a sickly- looking girl of fifteen or sixteen, named Mary Brown. Begina lodged at a form- house -near, occupying a. parlour . and bedroom, and was partially waited on fey tbe people of the -boose. As soon as they got io, Mary Browo, whose weak health cauasd her to feel a constant thirst; began to set ont the teacups and plake tbetea. "Mary," observed Miss Winter, when the meal was over, " you had better go up to your brother's for the calico, and to-morrow set about making, his shirts : you know -he was scolding yon yesterday at their not being begun. Start at once, or you wiil have it dusk. I will wash up the tea-things." .. Mary Brown put on her things, and departed- But not .long had she been gone, when the parlour door opened, and - a taU;- fine young man, , about eix-and- twenty, walked in. He was dressed in a green velveteen shooting-jacket, leather breeches and gaiters, and a green kerchief was twisted loosely round his neck. Altogether, there was a careless, untidy look about him, and it might have puzzled a stranger to tell whether he was a gentleman or a man of lower order. The face would have been handsome (and, indeed, was) but for the wilful, deril-may-care expression that pervaded it His complexion was fair, his. eyes were blue, and his light hair curled -'in his neck. This gentleman was Mr. George Brown, nniversally known in the village by the cognomen of "Brassy." He had acquired the appellation when a boy ; partly because he was gifted -with double share of that endowment fami liarly called "brass;" and partly because in his boyhood he displayed a curious propensity for collecting together ' odd bits - of -brazen metal. Once, when a young child, he had stoleo a small brass kettle, exposed outside a shop for eale, lugged it home, aud put it in his bed. "His" mother, "on- "going to her bed at night looked at Georgie ; and there he was, sleeping ' with the brass - kettle bagged to him. He had been " Brassy Brown" since, and would be to the end of his life. Mr. Brassy Brown did not enjoy a first-rate reputation. He had inherited vlittle laud from his lather, on which, was a small house, where he lived, called "Tbe Rill ;" and, though he certainly could not subsist npon its proceeds alooe — be had no other visible means of support — he lived well, and never seemed to lack money. He was npon friendly terms with the whole neighbourhood, from Squire Rickhurat down to the worst poacher in it : indeed, so intimate was he with the latter suspicious fraternity, that some people said be must be a poacher himself. Until recently, 'his sister had lived with him in his cottage, no one else; bat when Miss Winter fonnd she wanted some assistance in the school, she thought of Maiy, compassion ating the girl's lonely life, want of proper society, and weak health, and she took Mary to live with her. It may be questioned, however, if Miss Winter would have made the proposal to the girl, had ahe foreseen that they should be inundated with visits from her brother. When be came in, Miss Winter put down the book she was reading, poured out some hot water into a basin, and began to wash np the tea-things. " Where's Foil !" began Mr. Brassy. . "She is gone to tbe Bill for the cafico," answered Begina. " What a pity that she will have her walk for nothing r "It. will stretch her legs for her," returned Mr. Brown, sitting down in the chair from which. Begina had risen, and "extending his own long legs across the hearth. How, Begina," > fie continued, " I want an answer to that question of mine." " What question !" ' she enquired, a crimson hue.flushing her face. . ; ! " Don't pretend ignorance; Gins, for it won't go down with me to-nigh V' was ' "Mr. " Brassy Brown's rejoinder. " Ton ! know what I have been asking you this : year past : we are by ourselves now, ; and I'll have it out Will you come up . to the Bill and make your borne there, and be my wifel": " Why do you persist in persecuting me .thus?" exclaimed Begina, in a tone of vexation. " I have told you already that . I could -mot be. your - wife. Ton behave like a child." "Why don't you pay like a fool !" he rejoined. " Twould be as polite as the other. What- fault have you to find with the Rill — or with me ! Perhaps you tbiuk I can't keep you there like a lady'!— but "I can. Never you mind how : 1 . can. ton sball nave a good servant to wait npon yon, and eveiything as comfortable and plentiful about you as you liad in your father's home. I Bwear ib" ' Begins shook her head. "I -would not go to live at the Rill — I could not be your wife, Brassy, if you offered me a drily shower of grid. And if you con tinue to pursue this unpleasant subject, I shall send Mary home, and forbid yonr entrance here." hb, my fine'madam 1 it's defiance between us, is it!" nttered Brassy, rising and grasping Regina's arm in anger. " Then may the devil take the weakest ! I have sworn to marry yon, and FIl keep, my oath ; I'll keep it by fair means or fbuL"-.. At tins moment, after a gentle knock, the door was pushed open, disclosiog the person of the Vicar. He saw the angiy, look- of Brassy Brown, and his hold npon Regina's arm. ... r " What is the matter !" he exclaimed. "What game are yon after now, Mr. Brown!" " "Hone of your,, parson," returned Brassy, flinging aside Regina's . arm. " She affronted me, and I had as good a mind to. treat her to a shaking as ever I had 'tb'treat anybody to one in all my life." r " He will kill me some of these.days, with his 'shakings," interposed -' Miss Winter, laughing, and frying to pass the" matter off as a joke; for ahe was vend and annoyed (hat. the clergyman should hmvebeena Witnesstoit. "Ifhfedoes, sir, I shall look to you to give me Christian bnrial. Will you promise to doaof ' "Yes," said Mr. Lewis, foiling into her mood — for he quite understood it, " You had better swear to it, parson," added Brassy with a sneer, for he felt savage at the interruption. " It may be more satisfactory to her." "I swear it," returned John Lewis, giving no heed to his words in the moment's heat. But a flush rose to his brow when their puiport came to him. He, a minister, to swear at this man's bidding! " Mind, you keep your oath, parson"; a a I'll keep mine," said Brassy Brown, swinging out of the' room. - " Do you hear, Miss Winter!" But neither of them answered him. " Regina," said the Vicar, looking after the man, " he is not a desirable visitor for yoo." "No," she answered, "and I wish he would not come. Hot that 1 think there is any real harm in him, but I dis like his conversation." . "The plain fact is," resumed tbe cletgyman, speaking with agitation, as a hectic spot appeared oa his cheek, "your home here is too unprotected. Begins, will you suffer me to provide you with another !" Oh, deeper than tbe flush Brassy Brown's words had called up, was the rosy blush that now dyed her foce. Neither she nor he for some little time past had been unacquainted with the heart of the other. John Lewis took her band. " Regina, yon cannot be ignorant that I have loved yon. . Will you take pity upon a lonely man, one who has had -but few ties hitherto to care for hira, and be his wife I" " But — I — " she stammered, her trembling hand lying passively in his — " it will be said I am not your equal — that my birth does not qualify me for a clergyman's wife." " Hot my equal 1" repeated the as tonished Vicar, who was surely one of the most unworldly wise. " You are so for my superior, Regina, that I have hesi tated to ask you. And it was but the thought of your unprotected state here that gave me courage to epeak now." "I was but the "daughter of a email working farmer," she persisted, the tears filling her eyes with the extent of her emotiou : "I am but tbe paid teacher of a charity- schooL" "I was but the son of a working curate," he whispered. " We were four children and my father and mother, all to subsist npon seventy pounds per year. 1 am indebted to charity, which helped to educate me, for being iu the position I now am. A working former was immeasurably above us, Begina. We are both alone in the world : we have no ties or kindred to consult : from this time forth let us be all iu all to each other." The hews travelled forth to the village, throwing up a fine hubbub in its wake : the Reverend John Lewis was about to marry Regina Winter. Mrs. Budd was pleased to be satirical over it, Miss Rick- hurst was indignant; and Brassy Brown furious. "What on earth possessed you to do it, John !" exclaimed Mrs. Budd to her nephew, when he came into the Vicarage at dinner-time, the day she first hsard the tidings. "Do what!" cried the Reverend John with a conscious look, aud that suspicious hectic rising to his cheek. " You have been offering yourself and yonr name to the charity school-mistress, they Bay," retorted the aunt, who feared the introduction of a wife might lead to her . losing her snug home at the Vicarage. " You must be out of your senses, John !" "We shall be able to find another governess for the school," answered John evasively. "It is past one, aunt. Is not dinner ready !" " Dinner 1 You'll get bread and cheese to day for dinner, if yon get anything," retorted Mrs. Budd. " I and Betty have been too much upset this morning to think of cooking. Ob, John, yon are a great fori 1 you might have had Miss Bickhurst." " Miss Rickhurat 1" exclaimed the Vicar, opening his eyes at the assertion. " Miss Bickhurst, yes," mimicked the lady, " if you had not been more blind, more' simple, than anybody ever was yet" . " I don't want Miss Bickhurst," answered the young clergyman. "Let her many in her own sphere of life : she would have dqmineered me ont of honse aud home." These events happened io March. The Vicar proposed being married in May, until which time Regina had to retain her place in the school One day in April, as she was walking home from its duties, ehe suddenly came npon Brassy Brown, who was looking over the hedge. "I have been watching for yon, Gina," he said, very qnietly. "T want to hear from your own lips, whether it's true cursed parson !"' " Yes, it is true," she timidly answered, not seeing how she conld deny to him what was public news. " How came yon to conceal it from me all the time you were fooling me on !" " I fooling you on 1" uttered Regitia, in surprbe. " Well — let that pass. Why did you not tell me yon loved the black coat !" " I — could not tell you what I — did not know," stammered Begina, a blush dying her cheeks. "Bosh! don't make exenses to me. Fd stake my Skye terrier again his hold- ing-forth sermon-book, that there has been love between yon two thb many a month past What Is it yon have got in that paper parcel !" " It is only some work," said Begins. "Good morning, Brassy. Maty is gone home already. She mil wonder where I am." \- " Let her wonder. I say, Regina, yon remember what £ told you— that I'd taken' an oath. F1I keep it yet; and have you, sooner or later." The words might have imparted to Miss Winter 'a sort of dread, bat that Brassy Brown was smiling as he spoke thejn — and a pleasant smile was Mr. Brassy's, wit"h ali bis imperfections. Her spirits rose omsec: ng that smile, and she arrived at the conviction that he was forgetting bis preference for her. ' It pleased her much. Setting these per secutions : aside, and a few slips . of I language he was wont to indulge in, she | did hot dislike Brassy,- and had never thought so ill of him as some in: the . parish were disposed to do. "Won't you shake hands before' you go !" asked Mr. Brassy. She held out her hand over the gap in the ' hedge. He shook it warmly ; and away she went, "silently thankful that all animosity between herself and Brassy Brown was over. Homy, Farmer Winter's old servant, had lately married the under-keeper of Squire Rickhurat, a widower with some grown-up sons They lived in a cottage about half a mile beyond tbe Rill, follow ing the' high road. That same afternoon, on coming in from school, Begina told Mary she thongbt; to it was so fine, she should go and see N'omy. " Do yon feel well enough to accompany me!" she asked. "No," replied the girl, "my breathing is very. mnch. oppressed to-'day,- ;I feel' I could not get so far; Do you mind calling in at the Rill, Begina !" "What for!" "To gist my . cotton shawL This is Buch a weight, now the spring weather's coming, I can hardly drag to school in it If the door should be open, and Brassy not just in the way, you can get it your self : it's lying on the middle shelf of the press iu the keeping- room." Begins started on her walk, and. had nearly gained the Rill, when who should come swinging down the road in front of her, bu> Brassy Brown. "Hullo, Regina! where are you off to!" " I am going to see Nomy. The after noon is eo fine, I quite longed for a walk And I want something for Mary from your house, Brassy. Can you come back and give it me !" " Ob; bother," was Mr. Brassy Brown's rejoinder, " I have not got a minute to lose. Ted Timms.is waiting for me down yonder in the gap ; he is a shuffler ; and he'll make it an excuBe to slink off if I'm behind time. What is it y u want !" "Mary's cotton shawl. Her woolleo one is too warm for thb weather. Do yon know, Brassy, that Mary seems to me to get weaker." . . . "It's no fault of mine if riie does. Have the doctor to her. I'll pay." "Can yon bring the shawl down to morrow!" . " I don't know that T can. If I get what I want from Ted Timms, I am going off for a few days. You' can call in for it as you come back from Homy's. I shall be at home then." " Very well," rejoined Regina. Mr. Brassy Brown went on his way, and Begins on hers. . She found Homy up : to her - eyes in work, brewing. She. was delighted to see her young lady, and hastened to set out the "best china for tea, in the little keeping-room, darting away every five .minutes, to her wort in tbe brewhouse. Homy had heard of Regina's new prospects ; and, in talking of them, the time slipped away unheeded, Begina forgetting the hour, and Homy her brewing. The former at ' length started up. " I dare not leave the-wort, Miss Gina," exclaimed the woman, .as she attended Begina to the door. " To think that you should have come thb very evening, of all others, when I can't see yon back to the village." " Ob, I shall soon be there," rejoined Begina, speaking valiantly. " The moon is shining ; and I have to call np at the Bill for Mary's shawl ; that will break the way. Good night, Homy," "The Lord be with ye, dear Miss Gina 1" Tbe evening grew late, and Mary Brown sat on, in Regina's lodgings, shivering and trembling. She was a nervous, timid girl, aud feared to be alone at night, her imagiuations always running on some absurd gost or vision story. Mary thought that the nervous dread she experienced, when left so much alone at the Rill, had been tbe first cause of her failing health. Where conld Begina be ! Mary had expected her home by eight o'clock, and now it was nearly, ten. The people in the honse, who had been in bed long ago, slept in a remote part of it, and their presence there gave no courage or consolation -to the timid girl. Mixed up with her own imaginary terrors, came fears of Regina's safety. What if a Btray shot from some poacher should have struck her as she came by the copse I Suppose anything had happened to prevent Homy walking home with her (ab'd the reader has seen that' it" had), she' might be lying in the road Wounded." Thegirl had half resolvedto go out and look fur her : she dared not stay much longer alone where ehe was : yes, she would, she would go out and meet Begina. Throwing on her bonnet and- shawl, Mary tore along the passage as if a spectre were at her heels, and ont at the house- door, taking the precaution to lock it after her. Once out, her superstitious fears were over : and robbers, poachers — any tangible cause of dread, brought no fear to the mind of Maiy. Beared in tbe country, amidst the solitudes of its woods and dales, she thought not there of fear. and conld have walked abont, in the open air, from night till morning. It was only iu the silence of a midnight chamber that her ghost-terrors occurred to her. ' She continued her way beyond the village, but could see no trace of Regioa. She did not meet "a soul The early moon, drawing towards its setting, was often obscured by clouds, but the night was light At" length she came to her brother's house, and sprang forward to open the gate, hoping Brassy was at home. What a carious thing!. the gate was fastened 1 Never had Mary known that gate to be locked before. The key of it bad hang np, untouched, on a nail in the kitchen, as long as she conld remem ber. Brassy must be out' But, as Mary leaned forward on tbe little gate, for she was tired with her walk, she detected a light glimmering through a chink in the shutter of the keeping- room.. And, at the same moment she heard, or thought she heard, a move ment in the garden, on the right side of the house. She shook the gate and called ont Wts it her fancy ! Mary thought she saw a low, dark form creep from, the middle of the garden towards tire back door : but the house c&Bt; its shade just there. "They are getting ready for a poaching expedition," she mentally con cluded : - " Perhaps Smith, or Timms, or some of them chaps . are up here.". She- riiook the gate agajn. - " Who the devil's that !" cried Mr. Brassy Brown, poking his head, enveloped in a cotton ' nightcap, out of an upper window, that of his bedroom. " Ite not you, is it,. Timms!" "Brassy, it's me," responded Mary, " The gate's locked." . ' " You P' echoed Brassy, in a tone of the most unqualified astonishment " What brings yon here, knocking people .np at this time of night!" - "I am looking for Begina," answered Mary. . -" She ' went after school to . see Nomy, and she fass never come back. I got frightened stopping there all alone, and frightened for her, so I came out. to meet her.". . .: " Why, what a confounded little stupid you ; must be,"- ejaculated Brassy, "to couie. out oh such a wildgoose-chsse as this!" While yon have been bluodering up here, she'a no donbt gone home -by the other road." ' " She never takes that road," rejoined Mary,: "it is snch' a round, and very lonely. I was airaid that soma stray shot might have etrnck her, coming by Poachers' Copse. . You remember the horse that was' shot down, .going by there!" . \- "There are no poachers out to-night, yon' simpleton — it's too light." Miss Begina has walked home with her black- coat : ' gone round the longest way to enjoy his company. I'm np to her. I see,', by the moon, it's hardly half after ten : just the hour "for sweethearting. What a frightened child you are, Folly 1" \- "Do yon really believe she has gone that way with him !" retnrned Maty, wonderfully relieved. " I am not going' to stop prating with you any longer, that's what I believe," retorted Brassy. "Just take yourself off And jtevet yprLjcoms ..waking me out of my' first sleep again, or you'll catch what you won't like." "Brassy, there's a candle burning in the keeping-room." " Who says so f " "I can see through tbe chink. Did yon forget to put it out !" "There. was a log on the fire, half- burnt, when I tome to bed. I suppose it's flickering "up again. So much the better : hope it will atop in till I get up in the morning. Comer be ofE". " You could not. come' down and give me my cotton shawl 7" asked the girl "The walk tires .me so much, I don't know when I. can get here again. It was the excitement that helped me on so quickly to-night." " Cotton shawl be burnt; and you with it 1" roared Mr. Brassy,- wrathfully. " Do yon think"! am going down out of my bed, for a . cotton shawl !" " Begiha- said ahe would call for it," answered the girl, in a deprecating' tone; "Did she 1" "No, she didn't," replied Brassy. " Fve hot seen the colour of her, since I met her this afternoon. She - couldn't call here, not she; if she: went round with the parson,- the other way." " Good night, Brassy." . Mr.. Brassy Brown vonchsafed no re ply, bnt banged to his casement. Maty had got' some paces from the gate, when she turned back, shook it, and called out. Once more the window was thrown open, with an impatient anathema, and -the white cotton nightcap extended itself out, as before. " Brassy, " she said, lowering her voice, " I forgot to tell you I saw .some thing in the garden. It seemed to be malting its way to the back-door." " Saw what !" ' "I don't know. It looked like a great black dog, or else a man on all- foutB." " Don't you think it was a cat 1" re joined the gentleman sarcastically. " No," said the girl, shaking her head, "it was too big for a cat— if it was any thing. I'm not sore abont it. Brassy. It might only have been the shadows, or my fancy." " It wonld be -a good riddance if yon and your fancies were buried with the shadows," answered the irascible Brassy. " You want to be shut np in an asylum for lunatics 1 Get along home with ye." Mary turned finally away, and walked home as fast as her troubled breathing would let her, folly expecting to find Begina and the Reverend Mr. Lewis -waiting at the door. . What excuse could she make for her folly i She never conld tell of her superstitious fears to the parson.. No one, however, was there. And the girl, all her fears renewed, sat down on the' door-etep. She did not dare to enter, and take solitary possession of their chamber. A thousand surmises crowded to her mind. Could Homy be ill, and Begina hare stayed to muse her! She had had a desperate illness the previous autumn. But, then, tha keeper, or one of his stalwart sons, would certainly have brought her word, when they got home from work Could Begina have gone home with . the. parson, and he staying to sup with Mrs. Budd ! That was not likely, and, if she had, she would not stay so late as this. Or could she have sat down, on her home ward walk, -to rest (poor Mary had a great idea of people bring fatigued), and so dropped asleep! It will scarcely be believed that the poor girl sat on the door-step till morning. She did : it was a fact well known afterwards to the village. Sometimes dozing, wandering la spirit, always shivering, the long night passed away. With the morning light and the awaking village, Mary's courage re turned to her. She thought Regina had' stayed somewhere to sleep, and wonld soon be in, and explain. The first thing she did, upon entering, was to make a fire and put on the tea-kettle By seven o'clock breakfast was ready, and after drinking cue cup of tea, for she wanted, it badly, she eat down and waited for Regina. Regioa never came. Before long the whole -village was aroused with the news of her disappearance, and nearly tihe whole village did something towards searching for her. -Houses, forests, glenB, lanes, — for three' days every spot was looked into, every exertion made to find her; hut jn vain. No person had seen' her, as far as conld be learnt; after she' left the nnder-keeper's cottage that night . Homy deposed that she watched her, ss for as the tnrning in the road (about forty yards only), walking at a' brisk pace : and Mr. Brassy Brown asserted that she never reached his house, or, at any fate; that she never entered it. He was sitting in .hi8 keeping-room smoking, a good part of the evening, expecting Timms to drop in, and he neither saw nor heard her pass, Regina hud told him » the afternoon that die should call for his sister's shawl, and he looked for it, and laid it ont ready, but she did not come. When asked if her non-appearance struck him as singular : " Hot a bit of it," he answered ; " what was it to him ! If he thought of it at all; it was that rite had gone home the longest way, to take a walk with the pareon." Amongst the universal perplexity, none were so much affected by this mysterious disappearance as Mr. Lewis : for none had regarded Begins with feelings akin to Ins. He left not a stone unturned to find her. He turned about in his. mind every probability and improbability that conld bear upon tbe case : at reet or in action, in his daily duties and his mid night chamber, he was ever dwelling upon it. ' A vague suspicion, he scarcely knew why, rose like a cloud in his' mind — a suspicion of Brassy Brown. But , what suspicion! The clergyman could ' not define it to himBelL Mr. Lewis had heard of each things as young girls being stolen away and married against their will : and it was known that Brassy Brown had long wanted to marry Regina. But Brassy conld not have ventured upon a feat of that sort, because Maty found him in his own bonBe soon after what most have been the hour of her disappearance, quietly sleeping in his own bed. The joking words of Regina occurred to him : " He will kilt me some of these days, with his 'shakings. If he doeB,.air, I shall look to yon to give me Christian burial," and he remembered his rash promise; and shuddered. The fourth day after Rfgina's disap pearance, Mr. Lewis went again np to Brassy's. The latter was in his garden, planting cabbages. He came forward when he saw his visitor, invited him into the honse; and set a chair. "Mr. Brown," began the clergyman, "I have come np once more to talk with yon abont this mysterious affair. Will you swear to me, before Heaven, that yon have no idea what has beoomes of Miss Winter!" " Won't do anything of the sort," said Brassy coolly. "I have hsd aa idea from jthe first" "How what idea!" cried the clergyman, eagerly. "I suspect you took her off for a moonlight walk that night yonreel pareon ; and thai; maybe, you have kept her in hiding, against taking her for some more." "This levity ill becomes you,Mr. Brassy Brown." "Levity!" uttered Brassy. "I don't mean it as levify.' Who else is likely to have got hold of her, but you ! — you had the but right to her." "Did you get hold-of her!" asked the clergyman, looking at him keenly. " If I had got hold of her, I ' shouldn't have been able to beep' her," retorted the imperturbable Brassy. " Hot likely. Hera was Nomy here, the next day, sobbing her eyes out, and loching all over my rooms and into my cupboards. When she had done, I asked her if she thought. I had locked her np in one of 'em. My opinion is, parson, . that yon and Homy and Mary are ail going cracked together over this matter.. What do I know of Regina Winter — or want with her! Hot eo much as yon." " Where can she be !" bewailed the clergyman, in his perplexity. " On what mysterious spot of this fair earth can she be bidden ! is she dead or alive !" " She's not in my pocket;" returned Brassy, " and I'm sure you are welcome to searcheverythingelsethat'smine. Be cause I may have got the character for having taken a hare, or so, you must go, slap off-hand, and suspect Fd take & woman 1 The two are not the same articles, parson." Nothing more satisfactory could be got out of Brassy Brown, and the affair remained as unfathomable as at its first onBet. A new mistress was procured for the school Maiy Brown, whose health was growing rapidly worse, returned home to the Rill to die. Brassy continued to porsne his free-and-easy sort of life; and the -village; in time, ceased to think and speak of Regina. But there were two hearts in which she was never forgotten — those of poor faithful Homy, and of the Reverend John Lewis. II. The Reverend John Lewis lay on his bed, in Littlefbrd Vicarage, tossing and turning from ride to ride. Tbe cheek's hectic; of which observant friends had predicted mischief in the earlier part of Ida clerical career, had at length shone ontin-its true nature, and John Lewis was dying of decline. Seven years had elapsed since the now nearly-forgotton disappearance of Begins Winter, and he had been an ailing, lading man ever since. The years had brought several changes to the village. Mis. Budd was dead, and Homy, whose husband had been killed in an affray with poachers, was now the housekeeper and general servant at the Vicarage. It had been a desperate conflict; this affiay : two game-keepers were shot dead, and others badly wounded. Several lawless characters were committed for trial on suspicion of peing concerned in it one of whom was Mr. Brassy Brown. But when the trial came on at the assizes, the suspicions conld not be converted into proofs, and the men were discharged. Brasey Brown folt; and affected great indignation.' They had treated him like alow; common poacher, he raved, instead of a gentleman as he was, by descent, and he declared he would not stop among them. He was as good as his word : advertised his small estate for sale, pocketed the money, and took ship at Liverpool. Some people thought he went to America, some to Australia (not then flocked after as it is now), and some to the coast of Africa ; but Brassy him self never said where, and after his departure was never more heard of The Reverend John Lewis lay on bis bed, tossing and taming. His restless ness that night was not wholly - the result of his feverish sick state. He had just awakened foam a disagreeable dream. He thought that Winter came to him dressed in white, with a pale sorrowful face, and gently reproached him with neglecting his oath, and suffer ing her to lie in unconsecrated ground. He thought he asked the question, Where are yon lying? and die glided on before, teliing him to come and see. He seemed, after tbey had gone some way, to lose eight of her, end to have halted, himself, on a spot of ground familiar to him.- But just then he woke, and, try as he would; was onable to recall the features of the place; which he hadaeemed,fn hie Bleep to know so well. With thiB dream, all the old tronble came back again, the painful feelings, the yearning after Regina, which he had, in a degree, outgrown. He had long been very ill; for many months had daily looked for death ; hie hours were passed in great pain and weariness ; yet death came not : and tbe somewhat- visionary idea now Tushed over his mind, was it that he couid not die — that he was not permitted to die nutil he had f nlfilled his oath to Regina, found, and buried ber ! Ho wonder, with these thoughts haunting him, that the Vicar slept no more that night He retired to rest the next evening, thinking of his dream, wondering whether it would visit him again. Not precisely that hut one bearing upon it did. Could it have been but the Bequence to. his walking thoughts! He thought he stood upon a plot of gronod, a green plot of ground, abont two yards Bqo&re;, and all around was cultivated land. He appeared to know, beyond all doubt that Begins was lying buried in this spot and again all the features of the place seemed per fectly familiar to him, but when he awoke, they had, as on the previous night faded from his recollection. Hone can tell how the Vicar longed, all throughout the ensuing day, for night to come. A conviction lay Btroog npon bis mind that the real spot of Begina's rest ing-place would be revealed to him. He had not daring these two days, spoken to any one of these singular dreams ; not even to Nomy, or to the ypung clergyman who had come to do hie duty for him, and who was to him like a brother. The reader may lie disposed to doubt that such dreams ever had place; but that they had, and that the body was fonnd in con sequence, is an authenticated fact. The third night came and passed, and, with tbe first feint glimmering of morning light, Mr. Lewis summoned his house keeper, who dressed herself and hastened to his room. "Nomy!" he exclaimed, "I have a strange trouble upon my mind. I cannot rest." " Dear master," she said, " what is it! lam sure trouble's bad for you." - " These last three nights I have been dreaming of Begins. I thought ahe cams and pointed ont to me where ahewaslying, ' and though I saw it, and stood npon it, thongh all around the spot was familiar in my dreams, I cannot recall it when I awake. This last night it seemed the plainest, and the place where I stood I now know was a garden, for I saw the vegetables ; not a ploughed or pasture field, as I had thought yesterday. And I don't know why, but Mary Brown seemed in some way to be mixed np with this last dream." " You had better call to mind all the places where you have ever seen Maiy Brown, master, or 'where she ever was, to your knowledge, with Miss Regina, whispered the woman, after serious thought " It might afford some clue, maybe." The Vicar lay baric on his bed, remain ing silent, his hand shading his eyes, as if he would shot out outward things. The , woman stood watching him. "Where is there a privet-hedge, Nomy!" he said, after a whUe, without removing his hand— " A privet hedge, and pota toes planted under it, with a path run ning across it!" "a privet-hedge and potatoes growing by it," uttered Nomy; "there's many such in this neighbourhood, master." "The kidney-beans lie in thiB way, "he added, making a movement with the nn- | occupied hand, " and the peas— they are just coming np— are lower down. The j cabbages are closennder foot — Gh,Nomyl" he cried out, with a positive shriek, " I recollect — I see it all !" The servant drew nearer to the bed, and grasped hold of the counterpane. A nameless terror was stealing over her. " It is Brassy Brown's garden," gasped j the invalid ; "I see every part of it; aa I used to see it when I went to read to I Maiy, in her illness. The green spot— j but the green was only in my dream— is I on the right of the narrow path leading to I the back-door, along the side of the house. j Cabbages were growing on it the spring 1 I used to go to Maiy. I saw Brassy I transplanting them there, the veiy day I I went to ask news of Begins. I believe solemnly," uttered the clergyman, with emphasis, "as truly as that we must all one day come to the same earth, that Begina lies there. Call Mr. Hampton. The young curate was summoned out of his sleep, and came. Mr. Lewis re lated his extraordinary dreams to mm, and his sacred conviction that, in this particular spot; the remains would be found. Before mid-day, not less than twenty inhabitants of Xjittleford had listened to these dreams from the Vicar s own lips. He conld not go himself he was too weak to get there and to risk the agita tion it would entail, but he took a piece of paper, and drew a plan of Brassy Brown's garden, minutely marking the precise spot where he believed the body wonld be found. A company— such a company ! — armed with spades, pickaxes, and shovels, and headed by Squire Rick hurat and tbe Reverend Mr. Hampton, flocked to the Rill in the afternoon : the new owner of tbe place willingly granting them leave to tarn up hiB garden. H It was in spring, just about toe nme B of year she had disappeared, and the spot 9 was now planted with broccoli. They H rooted them np, and dug and dug ; and, 3 a few feet below the surface, they came H upon the mouldering remains of Regina H Winter. Dressed asahe had been dressed .. that evening : a black dress, a black-and- B white plaid shawl, a white lace collar, and H a straw bonnet trimmed with black. Tbe I bonnet and shawl were torn and tumbled, B as if in a struggle, and lay upon her. flj A coroner's inquest was held, ana the B cause of death proved at it. She had I been shot in the left breast, in, or close I to, the heart. Tbe verdict was " Wilful ; Murder against George Brown ; though some of the jury were for bringing it in i H " Manslaughter, " believing it might have ; been tbe result of an accident. Brassy ; M always kept loaded guns about hiB house. I H Then came a contention between the j; H Vicar and Nomy between the Vicar j; and his curate, between the Vicar ! and the Squire : lie insisting npon officio- - 9 ting at her bnrial, and they saying he was ;j not fit to do it. But on the afternoon |j B| appointed for the service, the Vicar j| straggled np ont of his bed, and dressed j| 9 himself " I took a rash oatb, during | j|H her life, that I wonld give her Christian jj 1 1 bond," he answered to their lemon- strances, " audi must fulfil it." | There was scarcely moving room io the churchyard : all lattleford, and its neigh- bonrtroodrfor Bome -miles -round,-— flocked. thither to witness that singular interment. The remains of the once happy girl, about whose ill fate there couldbe no doubt; whatever may have been its mysterious details, brought, after the lapse of seven years, to their home inconsecrated ground; and the weakened frame, the wan, attenu ated face of him who stood there, in his white surplice, reading the service over her ! Many who witnessed that funeral are dead, but, of those who remain, not one has forgotten the scene, or ever will forget it With the lart word of "the burial service, the Reverend John Lewis's strength, so artificially buoyed up with excitement, deserted him, and it was feared he could not walk back to the Vicarage, short as the distance was. Leaning on Sqnire Ricbhucst, on one side, and on Mr. Hampton, on the other, he at length gained it. Before he had well reposed an instant on the sofa, pre paratory to beingtaken backto his bed, Ted Tim me, the man who had been the inti mate associate of Brassy Brown, put his bead info the room, and asked to speak with the Vicar alone. " Be qnick in what yon have to say, Thame," panted the Vicar, for I am very 31." " I thongbt it my dnty to come in and make a clean breast of it, sir," began the man. " I have been away from Little- ford, till tG-day, since the body were found, or I should have been here afore. I think T hold the clue to tbie murder." " Speak op," breathed the Vicar. " My hearing is growing doll." " The night afore Brassy Brown went sway for good, the very night afore it, we was a-drinking together at my place, and Brassy got a drop too much, which is what he didn't often do. We got talking abont a many things ; a-bragging what feats, for good or for bad, we had done in our career ; boasting, as it were, pne again the t'other. Brassy at last hiccuped out that he had, one night, had a desperate quarrel with a girl in his house, at the Rill ; and at last got so mad that he shot her, thongh he never meant to kill her. I didn't pay much attention to him then, setting it down to the boasting of a man in his cups; bnt, sir, I now think it were nothing but the truth, and that he spoke of Miss Gina. The shot must have tolled her, and he might "have buried her in the garden that same- night. If you remember, sir, Mary Brown told folks she was frightened by fancying she saw something black a-creeping from that spot into the house, while she was a- shaking at the gate. It must have been Brassy a-digging the grave then." "Make ready with the sacrament," murmured John Lewis to Mr. Hampton, ashe feebly resisted their wishes to carry him upstairs, after the departure of Timms ; " I feelmy time here is growing short." Sure enongh, that night he died. It indeed would seem as if he had only been permitted to linger on earth for the pur pose of fauiying Regina Winter. 