SPORTING NOTES FROM VICTORiA. [Bj our Speoi&l; Correspondent.] Melbourne, Tuesday. Bearing in mind that snob boraes si Vint Wuter, Tolarno, Camel, Veno, and otben have performed at Kensington Park, a gate money meeting in the vioinity of Melbourne some interest will possib'y be taken in Adelaide in the one which was decided on Saturday last. It was, bovtever, a very miserable affair, being poorly attended and the elements unfavourable. The well-known Adelaide mare, Marie, by Australian Buck, ran a desperate race in the Hurdles, wita 10 at. 101b., in which she was beaten a head by Nimrod, 11 at. 12 lb., and Black Prince, 10 at. 4 lb., who ran a dead heat for first place. I am of opinion, however, that the mare wonld have won bad she not ran out wide at the turn and pecked at the last hurdle, but after all she is only a moderate animal. Poor old Nimrod broke down in the ran off, and so Slack Prince, formerly the property of the late Mr. W. P. Bowes, had an easy vietory. I am afraid old Nimrod wil never fane the atar'er's flag again. Pour readers will have a good idea of the class of ponies here when I inform them that Elsa May, by the imported sire Proto-Marty r, romped home in the Galloway Handicap, giving some of the others no less than 3 st. 41b! The September Handicap fell no easy prey to Lillydale, and a mare called Bebeooa easily captured the Pree Entry Handi cap, both being served up very warm by the backers of horsea. I hear that the Messrs. Baldock, the well known Indian buyers, were offered £1,000 aud £100 a year as long as he lived for Welling ton, by Panio from Prou Prou, on behalf of the owner of Glenoimiston, but they deoliued the tempting offer. Wel lington coat them £700, and as he has since won some races the Messrs. Baldock have thus done very well with the eon of Panie. The hurdle racehoiBe Young Alfred has been purchased by Mr. S. Coo* of Plemington. On Monday last (yesterday) 1 paid the Plem ington training ground a visit, and found the respective tracks in capital order, better indeed than they have been for years. Joe Morison, as usual; waa the first to commence operations by sending The Czar with Hon Quixote and Altrm Bell a gentle oanter, but I waa not im pressed with the three. Wellington, however, shaped well, and althoagh the old fellow is a little light after his Bydney trip, he is very' well,' and will beat more tban beat him in the (Jap. Kiverton centered, and Chatterer pottered abont, but I am afraid the Cup chance of the latter ia a very poor one; in fact, I saw £500 to £6 laid against him the other day. Kirerton ia coming pn fast, and will hare something to say in the Oanlfiield Oop in Ootober next. The two-year-old, Prfnoe George, which has been backed very heavily for the Maribyrnong Plate, did nothing' worth reoording, I am mooh inclined to think that he is the best two-year old in training at Flemlngten. Kantilos is in work.again for the Derby, bat he is very gross, and I am afraid has little or no ohanoe for the " bine ribbon." Darebin did a strong mile and a half leading Terrible BUly, and seemed very eager to increase the paoe. The horse is under going a thorough preparation and ia doing all that his trainer, Mr. F. F. Dakin, at present re quires of him. The Adelaide backers of the horse can rest assured that he will go to the post in great buckle, and will be very hard to beat. The Mew Zealand horse. Sir Uodred, went with great determination and spirit for a mile and a halt in company with Sonmus, and it a beautiful mover. If looks go for any thing he is a better horse than Mats, but I think of the two I should prefer the " balrly-legged" son of Dead Bbot. Somnus is not s bad (stamp of a three-year-old, and a gentleman who saw him perform says he ia the best two-year-old they ever had in Maori land If so, he must run a good colt in the Derby. I don't care much for Idallnm, and the Sydney bred Hillarias is a bit of a commoner, and is hardly likely to pay his way, unless leniently treated in some of the minor handicaps. Few hoites have improved so much in appearance as little Warlock, and after eantenng three miles on the tan, he did another mile with (Joreena. The Oop horse blew very mnoh at the finish, and will have to do a deal of fast work before the event ful day arrives. Canary was sent long slow work, and in the evening his owner, Mr. Morris Jacobs, took £10,000 to £300 abont him for the Cup; but so far he has done very little on the training gronnd to instify his owner in fancying his chanoe. Tho Qneenslander, War bawir, who seems to have waated sines Sydney, worked on the tan; but I was much more im pressed with ZiordGlifden, who strode along in fine style, and has a good ontaide show for the Onp. Idon'toaremuohfor theappearanoeof the two-year-old, Sir Oliver, who will be slightly oat of his element in the Maribyrnong Plate. Soothsayer ran a mile in 1 min. fifieeo. with Harp of Erin, and the hurdle-racer P.G. over powering his tiny rider, did an exoellent epin over the same distance of ground. I shall not be surprised to see P.G. baoked very heavily for the Oaulfield Onp before very long. BeUadrutn and Mercury cantered, but neither of them have improved in the least, and I am afraid have .seen the beat of their days. The Steeplechase mere, Gezeile, looking much improved, was sent a long strong gallop, and I shall not be surprised to aee her leave her mark before long, probably at the V.B.O. Bpriog Meeting. Another improved mare la the hnrdle racer Vint Love ana in all probabilitythat will be Moran'a doable in the spring. Of ooarae a (number of other tones worked daring, the morning, bat np to the present time I have seen few fast 'gallops, and I bold the opinion that the best Derby and Oop horse at Fleming ton is Darebin and Wellington. From Ballarat I hear very satisfactory accounts of the manner in whioh The Dnke answered " a question" pat to him the other day, and it would not surprise me in the least if he were to start first favourite for thie, Derby, notwithstanding all the talk about Somerset On Monday the filly by Fanie from Pell Mell, was backed to win the Maribyrnong Plate for £10,000, at 100's to 4. It is needless to say that sinoe the commission was effected in favour, qf The Duohess for the Melbourne fup that ail sorts of. rumoars have been circulated abont the '* swallows" she has caught since her arrival at St Albans. One report is that with her Otip weight up she fairly beat Progress, the latter carrying 7st. 6fh> but this brother too good to'bp true. However, the right people have backed her, and there seetne every reason to believe that she must have" done a wonderful trial in private, but I cannot forget theMileta bubble! ' Splendid entries have been made for the Oaulfield races, which take place on the 13th audlfith of Ootober, which bide fair to. be one of the moat eaccessful meetings of the eesisoo. An acceptance of thirty-six for the Cap amply testifiea to the fact that Mr. Barnard mnst have succeeded in pleasing the. majority of theownera of horses A first class meeting will take plaoe at Melbourne, under the management of the Hnnt Olnb, bnt there ia no betting at present upon it. [By Telegraph.] Beptember 89. At Fiemington on Taeaday morning Bespits and Josepbine ran a mile in 1 mln. 54 see. The former will be dangerous in the .Oaolfield Onp. Tbe Wizard and Warlock did a fast mile and a half. The latter is coming baok to his three - year • old form. Darebin merely can tered. Tbe Ghost ran a mile in 1 min. 47 sec. On Wednesday Somnus, with Idaliam as a companion, did a fast mile, and tbe Derby colt went well. Sit Modred went three times round tbs tan at a steady pace. Bespit,-] and Lord Olifden were treated to three circuits of the sand track. Darebin and Terrible Billy did a mile in 2 min. 8 seo. Warlock worked on the tan, and after doing two tarns at a steady pace he ran once round fast. Chatterer and My Lord had b good spin, the former going well. At Ballarat The Dnhe has been doing strong work every morning this week with Suwarrow. £500 to £1C0 baa been taken about him for the Derby, and bis price now is 4 to 1. He is nibbled at occasionally for the Cap. At Oaol field tbe horses which are doing the best work are Waterloo, Woodlands, Tangle, Oreme de Boozy, and at Brighton Iphigenia is doing welL There is no news from St. Albans save that- Somerset and Dnchesa are still greatly fancied. The Viotorian Amateur Turf Club have en dorsed the disqualification of Mayo, Smith, and the horse Blastio. Dr. L. L. Smith is retiring from the turf. In the betting few the Derby Somerset is still at 7' to 2. The Duke is firm at 4 to 1, and 8 to 1- is the best, (rice obtainable about Spinningdale. Mart: bry nong Plate—8 to 1 each Segenhoe end Sainorpt Best same as last week, save that the Miss Mable filly has been supported at 100 to 5. Duqhess has oome to 100 to 14 forithe'Oap.' Waxy has declined to 100 to 8, Bathurst is at 100 to 7, and Lord Burghley at 100's to 5. Caul field Onp—7 to 1 Trump Toss, S.to 1 Woodlands.- - 