EbViOES AND RE-ECHOES. PLEECEMAN X ON THE M1LING TARY. Wnnce mora my mews wheel to the front, 6 Binge about the batels brunt, Wnnce more In marsball stranes to cheer Them heroes has nose naught hof fear. Your X, tho' clad in humble bloo, Has got a hart has firm & troo Has any hero hof them hall, lias showed afield or hat the BalL The troops they marched h<n hold hatray. The people t them maid a way, & has they drawed up near the hill. The hair with showts the people fllL There Kurnel Do wees, with coat so tight, Could never else bnt sit hupright, Boared " fire!" with voice hof marshal clang, Wile quick the rifles ansered " bang." A " furious joy" them troops did fire, With henergy and sturn dos're; The smoke swept hover hall the scene, Onto the hair " God Save the Qaeen," HisXselency, stern of hair, Looked quite the hupiite soldier there, & viewed the seene with haspect grim— Wot was 800 troops to him ? Has bin hold Hinglond thousands saw In lightning flash their weapons draw, & had tbem thousands hat his call— Men, hofficers, & genrals halt* Bnt ho ! my sympathtc sole Saw not the numbers, but the whole Has men who would hnphold the cause Hof freedom, & respect our laws. Hit hain't the numbers, but the men, Has comes within hour loyal ken, & hevery soldier has a breast As swells for freedom and the rest. With all the hevolutions done, A sham fits then was lost and won; But, ha 1 it was no sham to me Has hi tire bold minewvrlng see : & forth my spirit flew to flte With them ss battled for the rite: Your X, ao fired with marshal zeal, For once forgot the public weal; & as he rushed to join the fray A stern deep voice did bid him stay, Hit was the stern Hln-speotral tone, & X disgraced could naught but groan. For Peterswald mere dooty views, & doth not cultivate the mews, He recks not that beneath this vest— A soul poetick knows no rest. That this here Pleeceman's oote of bloo Conceals a poet's spirit too; The fire that dwells In this here hye His but the flame oi poetry. But Peterswald without remorse, Quick stops my far too hardent course— * & with a voice, no feeling decks Comes rather rongh on Pleeceman X. & here hin doorance vile I lay, Harrested hon the Queen's Birthday Hi saw not hall that Grand Bevoo, & to my mews must say adoo. * In his enthusiasm Policeman X seems to have mistaken the branch of the science to which the Governor belongs. Borne of the officers at the review were not mounted as befitted the dignity of the Sonth Australian military, and there was an uumis takeable air of the livery-stable about certain of . the chargers ridden by our gallant defenders. One officer of exalted rank bestrode a steed which w the observed oE all observers by reason h angularities end general archi tectural design. A toast-rack might bs con sidered fat in comparison with that animal, and a local wit, after several sarcastic allusions to the horse, remarked " That the oah to whioh he belonged was probably close at hand, the offioer having most likely driven down in it and bargained with the cabby for the horse on the ground." This was the unkindeet cut of all, for the rider was. a fine officer, despite his steed, and bore the ehaffing like a hero. RA lover of spectacular display, who witnessed the review and sham fight on the 24tb, says that, considering the amount of shots fired and powder burnt, the carnage was exceedingly trifling. He Bays that it would have immensely Increased the seenio effect if some of the gallant red-andblue coats had feigned to "like a soldier fall," and thne etesweil the mimic battle field with bodies of the slain after that fearful but victorious charge up Hontefiore Hill. He says that perhaps the hiot may be of service to the Oolonel-Oommandant on a future ocoasion. Should it be impossible to spare any of the effec tives it might be possible to strange with dummy warriors to do the temporary carcase business. It would have rejoiced the heart of Matthew Burnett and other temperance advocates, had they been among the spectators on Montefiore Hill on the 24th inat. A stentorian-voiced purveyor of milk put in hia appearance, and vended the non-intoxioating drink at the rate of • penny halfpenny a glass. When business flagged he showed his knowledge of human nature by selecting a likely-looking man in the crowd, and presenting him with a glass of the lacteal refreshment, gratis, at the s&tae; time denying the preeenoe of either chalk or water. Shis drew the man's neighbours' interested attention to his wares, and proved the milk seller's knowledge of thB fundamental principles of all advertisement. He rarely gave away a glass of milk without selliog five or eix to make up for it, and sometimes even the receiver of the first glass tendered payment for what had been given to him gratia. A desperate oharaoter, and one whose case seems to be indeed hopeless, says " that pack of clergymen lately in Adelaide were knowing tarde, and must consider the Booth Australian Government trumps. They were dealt with properly on all hands being taken up on all the Government lines on which they all passed." He aaya that they were the whole pack exoept the joker, whioh he was himself; but if he had been in the playing he would have stopped their Jittle game by turning them down till they paid. If they |hed no money they would then have had to make it, and he would have euchred them. So steps are to he taken with a view of pre serving the. historical gum-tree at Gleneig, Well, perhaps the old relie is worth preserva tion, but don't let there be any doubt as to its identity. Let us be sure which tree it was the noble band of pioneers proclaimed the colony under in 1836. It would be a pity to be in the same position as those people who showed Mark Twain a tree marked by the bullet of a regioide, and of which he said that probably when it fell, they wonld put up another in its place, and go on telling the same old lie about it to succeeding generations of travellers. In these days of spiritualistic communications it would ,be awkward, to he informed by the shade of Ooionel Light or some other of those old people bat we were making as big a mistake as the ghost of that petrified giant did when he haunted a plaster cast of himself instead of the actual body, over wbiob he might bs supposed to hare a claim of proprietorship. There is no aooonnting for taste. The James* tonians are so anxious to have an Insolvency Oonrt in their thriving Northern settlement that they have gone to the extent of a deputa tion under the ample wing of Mr. Bbenezer Ward. The James tonians are even jealous of the dignity conferred upon their neighbour Gladstone in having a real gaol. The next best thing they can do is to get up a regular supply of real live criminals to pat in it, so as to be even with the Giadstonians. It was by an nnconaciooa process of natnral selection that the James tonians chose Mr. Ward to Introduce a deputation to ask for an Insolvent Oonrt, his late experience of tho intricate pro* eeeses of whitewaahing extraordinary serving him well. The argument that beeaase Gladstone had a gaol, Jamestown should have an Insolvent Oonrt is unique in its way, and the pains taken by the members of the deputation to prove how mneh a whitewashing establishment was needed in their midst has something ludicrous in it. Bat we know that the good people of that-populous country town are merely zealous and a little jealous. They are like the little boys who cried because < their brother had the measles first, and they " never had nothing." The honest, zealouB townsfolk who wanted what they atked for, seemed at such pains to convince the Attorney- General that they could keep np a good supply of cases for his Insolvent Oonrt, that a stranger wonld imagine the population oensisted of bnt two classes, those who owed and those who didn't. If Jamestown had gallows Gladstone wonld want a guillotine, and where wonld it end? The Attorney*General simply in effeot intimated, that if they were good and behaved themselves they should have the measles in the shape of an insolvency Court, and quite as nice measles as the Glad* atonians for all their gaol fever. 