COUNTRY TELEGRAMS. [From our own Correspondents.] MORGAN, February 2. A destructive fire has just occurred, by which Morphett's store, in which the fire originated, was destroyed. Crabb's butcher's shop was also destroyed, and Edward's shoemaker's shop had to be pulled down. A strong southerly wind was blowing at the time, or nothing could have saved Wall's Commercial Hotel. As it was, strenuous exertions had to be used to pre- vent it from catching fire. An inquest will be had. PORT LINCOLN, February 2. Professor Pepper has concluded three of the most successful lectures and entertainments ever given in Port Lincoln. The institute hall was crowded each evening. By request three more science lectures will be given during the present week, also a matinee for schools. The enter- tainment included popular philosopnv, ghost illusions, and curious optical effects. On Wed- nesday next the professor leaves for the Penin- sula. NARRACOORTE, February 2. Daniel Fogarty, tbe guardsman who was run over on the line last Friday, and was admitted v the hospital on Sunday, died there this morning from the injuries received He was the first patient in the hospital, and was at tended by Drs. Gunning and Stock. Captain Cotton has gone to Kingston with the expectation ot meeting the diamond drill to test the supposed coalfield. The people here are incredulous in the matter. The weather is cool, and a gentle rain fell all the morning, MOUNT GAMBIBB, February 2. A number of farmers and others have agreed to bear an expense of about £100 in order to f«a.\^> «i experiment at ■wii^-^EondfflMi^g to test the market. Mr. Oliver Cooper, from Victoria, a practical man, will manage the work. An engine and rooms for the experiment have been offered free, and if the results answer expecta tions steps will be taken to form a company, or the proprietors will commence on a large scale, and also include the potato-preserving and baoofhcoring industries. To commence pro perly with all wonld require £2,000 or more, but only milk will be first dealt with. A splendid rain fell to-day, thoroughly soak ing the ground. It will probably double the yield of late potatoes. POET VICTOR, February 2. There has been a remarkable change in the weather since yesterday. It commenced raining tins morning, and continued at intervals during the day. It is very cold. The sea is high, and there is every appearance of a stormy night. 