CLOUD L SUNSHINE. ' You have fche very pick of tk© garden here,' she said; vevery spray has its own special' beauty.' He roused .himself , and tried to recover from the wondering; stupor that had overcome him. ' Ton jreally remeniBsred, Hildred, what I eaid ?' le begvji, with a pleased look. ' Yt'.a, and I think you showed good taste/ she replied. 'I know no flower lovelier than fragrant nugnonnette.' c And you really think that I have good taste ?V leeaid. 'Yes. Why should that surprise you?' -she asked, with a smile. His face flushed and his eyes drooped. ''I fancied,' he said kurriadly, ' that ^yoncon sidered me altogether gra3eless and without one' redeeming quality.' ?Indeed I do not,' she replied earnestly, think iag of all that Sir Eaoul had -said in kis favour.. '-That is a great mistake of youn.' 'There is one thing/ ha confessed, in a low 'voice — ' I have shown the worst 6ide of my.' character to you.' She felt frightened and imclined to run away. 'You will not lose my flowers or throw them away ?' she said. And then she -was startled, for hie handsome indolent-eyes were looking into hers, 'with a new expression in their blue depths. *-AnyI so wanting in chivalry and' gallantry, Hildred?' he asked her. ' I believe this is the first thin^r that you have ever given me of your own, free will, is it not?' *No/ she replied quietly, 'it is not.' 'Ah, pardon me/ he said, with a quick change of face and voice — * you gave me your fortune.' There -was hot rebellion for one moment — hot, 'bitter rebellion. Then she remembered Sir Baoul's wor£s. It was for her husband's good. She trampled down the hot impulse of angry pride — she stilled the bitter anjer and contempt. Her victory over herself was so great that she was even surprised at it. She laid her hand on his arm. **May, Lord Caraven/ she said gently, ' you are quite wrong. I was not thinking of money. Gold ia dross — I despise it — I ceuld almost hate it for 'the mischief that it makes. I was thinking of something very different from money — something that money could not buy.' He was looking at her with keen curiosity. 'Something that money could not buy/ he re peated. c I declare that you puzzle me. I thought gold was omnipotent.' '1 do not think so — 1 do not like it. Omnipotent? Why, Lord Caravea, all the wealtk of the world could not buy happiness or lore.' 'No,* lie said quietly, 'it could not; yet. Hildred, money has done comethiag for me.' ' *I do not intend to depreciate it/ she remarked, ^but it is not omnipotent; there are many things Sa this world of far higher value than money.' ''?It is true/ he «aid thoughtfully. She laughed again, and, it he had known her fcetter, he would have detected tears in the sound of that laugh. ' We are positively agreeing:. Lord Caraven/ Bhe said. He was looking at her with intense curiosity in his face. ?Hildred, what hare you given me that money could not buy ?' The dark eyes gleamed softly. ? I will 'not tell yon, Lord Cvaven/ she answered. 'But' I must know. You have excited my curiosity — you must gratify it. You have en umerated three things that money cannot buy — happiness, virtue, love. It was none of these. Then what could it be ?' ' I must go, Lord Caraven,' she raid, her face growing hot and her hpart beating quickly. ? If you weigh every word that I say, I shall have to be very careful.' ' Hildred, tell me wbat you mean ?' he requested. * What have you given me ?' '1 will tell you/ she replied laughingly, ' when you have counted all thoie tiny leaves en the znignonnette.' She turned to go, but he put out his hand to detain her. Sha eluded him, and, with a light laugh, disappeared, leaving him by the verandah alone. CHAPTER XXIX. ' You look astonished at something,' said Lord j Caraven' a friead to him when he returned to resume their game at billiards. ' Yes,' replied the earl — ' I have been enjoying a novel sensatioa.' ' What is that ?' asked hi« friend. ? I am not quite sure/ was the laughing reply — * I should not like to be too «ertain of it — but I believe that I have been flirting with my own wife/ The young countess had hastened smilingly away after presenting him with the sprays of mignonnette. If that was the result of a few ikind words, Bhe said to herself that she would often say them. Sir Eaoul saw her smiling and blushing, with a glad light in her eyes. ? Well/ he said, ' what success. Hildred ?* ? The best in the world/ she replied ; and her pleasure was increased at dinner-time when she saw that Lord Caraven wore some of the mignonnette in hie button-hole. Ske tried hard to keep strict watch and guard over herself. When she found herself relapsing' into her old haulevr and proud silence, she roused herself. She who had always passed by her husband with lofty unconcern, who had never deigned to make the least replj to any remark of his, now studied little speeches that ghe could make to him ; she asked his opinion ; she smiled at his jests. People looked at each other in quiet wonder. Had they, after all, made any mistake about their host and hostess ? Lord Caraven was fond of music; he had a rich, ringing tenor voice which as a rule he was too indolent to use. He would troll out a verse of a love-ditty, or the chorus of a drinking .song, in a fashion that it made on* long to hear the rest. In the evening Sir Eaoul asked him to eing* ' It is too much- trouble/ said the handsome earl. ' Why should I exert myself to sing whea otker people can do it bo much better forme?' 'That is an idle excuse/ returned Sir Kaoul. ' Lady Caraven, persuade-your husband to sing ; he has a voice almost as rich and clear'as Mario's, but he will never use it.* She came over to him. He loeked at bis beautiful young wife in all the shimmer of satin and gleam of pearls; he gazed earnestly into the beautiful face. 'Po sing, Lord Caraven/ she said. * You ewe me iometking for my flowers this morning.' ? Do you really wish me to sing, Hilared ?' he ?&id.; ' I do indeed/ she answered. ' Then you shall be obeyed. Will you have an old-fashioned English ballad, or a Scotch, one ? No French or Italian for me. I like, good hearty words.' He sang one of the prettiest English eongs — ' Good-bye, iweetheart, good-bye' — sang it with such sweetness, and pathos, that hia listeners were almost moved to tears. ' I c«uld not leave the* thonffbl said, ' Good-bye, avcetheart, good-bye.' * As the last words passed his lipt, he caught a glimpse of his wife's face. What did it express ? He stopped suddenly. Sir Baonl rallied him, begg ing him to finish. 'Let us have the last verse/ said he, but tke earl turned qvickly to him. ' Not another word, Baonl/ he answered; lean eing no more. I have seen- a ghost.' 'A ghost!' cried Sir Eaoul. 'The ghost of what?' ' I am not quite sure/ replied the «arl ; *trai I think it was the ghost of what might have been.' And Sir Eaoul said no mofe. ? * *' ? * Osesta and frtanAs1-ejpra to ask themselves could they be mistaken*— could they hare ais understood? The cold eullon gloom was leaving the yoang wife's faoe j the husband ceased his cover! teeer* and bard words; tkey two exchanged laughing- jests and smiles.. Yet BXlortd saw, and saw plainly, thati ii. was all her own doing. If ever by chance ske for one moment forgather role he forgot hisj if by chance she relapsed into her cold frozen manner, he changed as though by nagic. She saw plainly eaeugk bow that all She studied how to please him. For instance, there was nothing pleased Lord Caraven more than finding his newspaper cut and aired for- him to.raad in tke morning ; he disliked having to cut ifcfcunself or air it. She Had always been loftily indifferent, thinking to herself that his indolence must not even be encouraged. Now Bhe thought differently; the newspaper was cat and aired and laid ready, for h'n, Happening to come down stairs rather earlier tnan 'jenal one morning, he found her engaged upoji her self-imposed task. He looked at her with Manght pleased smile. . 'Hildred,' he said, 'is it to. you that I am indebted every morning for my cut newspaper.* ' It is a great pleasure to get it ready for you/ she replied, with a charming 6ndle. He was deeply touched by this simple act of attention. After all there was something very amicable about the money-lender's daughter. Trom that day Lord Caraven never opened his newspaper without a kindly thought of his. wife. It was perhaps but a small beginning, this changing of sneers into smiles, but it was some thing gained. Both husband and wife were alike in cne respect; they had a keen sense of humour. The earl had more of this senea than his young wife,andit was a wonderful bond of union between them. There were times irken there was no need for words, when a glance was quite sufficient ; and Lord Caraven began to look into the beautiful dark eyes for the secret sympathy that no eneelss gave him. He began to do what he -never thought of before — converse with her. If time hung heavily upon his hando, if he tired of billiards, or there was no one at hand t» play with bins, it came 'to him -with a sense of relief that he could go and chat with Hildred. She grew accustomed to Eee him looking at her from the door of her room, with an air of apology on his handsome faee. ' May I coiae in for half aa hour, Hildred ?' he wouid ask ; and then she would put away her books, or her easel, or what ever she was engaged npon, and devote herself to him. If she were told some merry Btory, her quick laughing e-ynipathy was the first thing he sought. If he heard any clever [repartee or play upon Words. fcllA first Mil ncr lip fj-mrjo-llf-.rtf Tc-vn tin tva- noa.lvl it to Hildred. ° All this was so much gained — yet it seemed to her very little. Sir Eaoul asked her one morning how she was progressing. Ske turned her beautiful faee to him, and it seemed to him there was a tired look upon it. ' I can hardiy teU you, Eaoul/ she replied. 'I have done iny best. I have thought of him and studied him, and the utmost that I can say is that he has learned to associate me with all kis amuse ments. That is not a very high or elevated state of things, is it ?' * I term it beginning at the -very fouadation, Hildrsd/ he answered, looking at the wistful face. ' If he commences by associating you with his amusements, ke will end by making you share in all that interests him.' The dark eyes brightened. ? Do you think so ? Then ail my trouble has not been in vain.' ' I think/ said Sir Eaoul, ' that you have made wondorfnl progress. All the coldness and con straint, the terrible distance between you that made every one uncomfortable, feao disappeared. Your husband's face brightens now when yoa enter a room ; when you leave it, Tie watches you regretiuily. You have gained much, Hildred. It is a long struggle, this battle for a man's heart, but you will win in the end.' ' Still/ she remarked, half wearily, ' I am a long way frem the gracd purposes I had in view. There is nothing heroic ia being able to make your husband laugh, in sympathising with a comical story, in helpiusr to amuse him. so that the time may pass more quickly.' ' Yes/ opposed Sir Eaoul, ' there is something heroic in it. It is the first step. When you have thoroughly identified yocraelf with his amusement, you can begin to influence Ulric for better things. Try to rouse him from his indolence, try to make him care less for amusements and take -greater interest in his duties. Bouse his soul from its loag sleep, and the awakening will soon follow. I am quite certain that his faults are rather those of training and education than of nature.' It was easy to counsel all this, but how was it to be done ? Perhaps, if she began what he would call ? preaching' to him, Ulric would grow angry, and then hot, angry, or bitter words might follow. Her undertaking would require infinite grace, infinite tact — and that, eae said to herself, it should have. The evening of tkat same day was a lovely one, fine, warm, and brilliant; the sun seemed un willing to set, the flowers unwilling to sleep. It was so'warm and 'beautiful that the whole narfcv of guests declared it was almost treason to remain indoors. Hildred looked up with laughing eyes at her husband. ' You are going to sentimentalise amongst the flowers, Lord Caraven, I suppose ? I hope you will choose a pleasant companion.' It was not in human nature — at least in man's nature — to resist the fire of those dark eyes. ? Will you accompany me ?' he replied. ' Ishall be sure then of a nice companion.' ' Is there any one whom you would liko better ?' she asked coquettishly. ? iSo — on my hoaour there is not/ said the earl hastily ; ' you are the most amusing companion I can find kere.'. ' I am gratefuful for small favours,' returned Hildred. So they walked' together through the long wind ing paths. He did not' offer her his arm, nor did she seem to notice it. They laughed, talked, jested; but between them there 'waft none of the familiarity which should be between husband and wife. Once her dress caught amongst the tangled branches of a rose-tree that had overgrown its limits, and the earl stooped down to remove it. His wife drew herself quickly away— so quickly, that the jewels she wore seemed to quiver in the light. Her face flushed hotly. ' Thank you,' she said briefly. The-earl looked at her in comic surprise. ' What are yon 'blushing- for, Hildred? What is the matter ? What have I done ?' ' Nothing/ Bhe replied briefly — ' these narrow paths are so very awkward/ ' Then we will get into broader ones. But, HUdred, pray do not waste all that lovely-colour in a blush for nothing; I know people who would give a small f brfane f or«uch a bloom/ 'They are welcome to it/ paid the young countess. r I do not say bo. . Upon my word-it is a revela tion. I did not think that in these degenerate days any one could blush after that fashion.' She was half inclined to be angry; the remem brance of Sir Saoul's words alone checked her. She must be more patieat, she told, herself ; yet more rigidly she must control her own nature, with its hot rebellions, its sudden risings of^angor. The flash faded from her face — she turned to him with a 'femile. ' I ougkt to be gratified that you value my blushes so highly/ eke said; and she saw that ha was pleased. More than one strange thought came to her as she walked by his side. How strange, it was, this law of Providence and of nature, that men should be superior, that women most watch their faces, humour their tempers, pave the way, as it were, for them through life, yet always be accounted as inferior ! Why was it, she wondered, that the faults of men — even of boys — were generally ex cused on account of their sex ? ' Men will be men, boys will be boys/ seemed to be a universal argu ment. Why should eke walk by this man's side, studying his kumours and fancies, watching his face to see that it did not cloud over, using her bright wit and brilliant faney to amuse him? Only becauseBhe was a wonank She was his wife; therefore she had to win him. 'What are you thinking about so intently, Kildredf asked Lord Cararen. She looked np at hi» brightly. 'I will tell you. I was thinking about you. Yon have a keen eyefor all natural beauties, Lord Caraveu — a mind that if it were not obsoured by indolence would be artistic He glanced at her again, something of amuse-, ment struggling with huimpatien'oe. 'Obscured by indolence, Hildred P That is a strong expression.' 'It is Btromg, bat it is true. Sfeet how yon ftdmire-thls sunset eoenej there is not one ot its beautiful-details which ©scapes yon — the colour of the skies, the hue of the fiotaers, the glimmering. sunlight as it falls over the trees. I will tell you - jpi a sight more beautiful sfciU— that is ennrjeo. * See the sun xiae !' he cried. ' I have not even , thought of such a thing for years.' 'Suppose you do so now/ she suggested. *'I always think- the fairest, freshest, sweetest hours of the day are the early morning hoars ; you who seldom rise until noon can hardly imagine what they are like.' He looked half doubtfully at her, as though wondering whether she was attempting to lecture him; but she met bis look with clear langhing eyes. , ' I challenge you/ she said,. ? to rise every morn ing this week — not to see the day dawn, but to enjoy the first freshness of the 'lovely morning' air.' ? I accept the challenge/ he replied; 'you shall see that I am capable of making an effort when I 'Choose. Ske thought that was- enough for ones, and she waited with some curiosity to see tke results of her endeavour.. He was down the next morning: when she took her seat at the breakfast-table, looking better than she ha* seen him look for some' time. ' I kave made the effort,' he said. ' Did it cost you much ?' asked the young countess. * I felt as though night were turned into day, or something of that kind. Seriously, Hildred, I thank you for calling my attention to the fact that I waste hours every morning m perfect idleness I mean to cure myself of the habit; such waste shall not occur again.' It was another victory, but a email one. Yet, as ske said to herself, ail thes'e, small as thay were, would gradually amount to one worth win ning in time. 