" THROCKMORTON CHOST" NKW Y011K GRAPHIC Major John liable Throckmorton died a few days ago on- a Mississippi plantation; to which he had gone on a visit. Ho was sixty-five years of age, and had served in both the Mexi can war and in the war of tlio Rebellion, but it was not for his- services in cither that lie was fiimous -in Louisville or througli.Kentucky. As. tile Courier.' Journal savs. "it - war a., woman." Her namo wasiEl'e 1 Godwin, aud-twenty-tlireo years of her - life wore passed in teaching the man contrition. As early as .1852 the public began to talk of. John Throckmorton and John Throckmorton's "-ghost."' Wherever John Throckmorton was seen a shabbily dressed girl followed after him, . dogged liim witii - her - pro- scuoa,- and haunted him like a nightmare. If 'lie left his hotel in tlie morning to walk-down, the street, the. shadow in dingy black appeared promptly at his .heels, saying not a word, nor ; urcathiug, to those who observed an intimation of her purpose. If John Throckmorton. was at -his club this woman hung faithfully about the doors until lie made his appearance, and then whorevor he went she followed, until, peihafs I10 sought refuge in his private chamber, where bolts and bnrs.kopther back. No matter if it rained pitchforks,: if it wero hotter than Hados, or colder than tlio breath of the Arctic, John Throckmorton appeared not in public but that his shadow was close at hand to torment liim with her presence, to taunt liim with his crime, . to teach liim repentance. Her imago was ever before his eyes ; Bhe perched about him as re lentlessly as Edgar Allan Poo's raven sat upon Tho pallid bust of Pallas, Just above his chamber door — Not a prophet or a thing of evil, but a woman ffill of vengeance, filll of determination, a woman scorned. Throckmorton went to Boston, to New York, to Philadelphia, to New Orleans, but it was all the same. His shadow was faithful in. its pursuit. It couldn't bo dodged. Even when this man sought refuge and surcease in the army, his shadow, like a , Nemesis, .was still on his track. John Throck- morton grew grey, and thin and shaky with age, tho girl grew into a woman, and with her maturer womanhood came increasing deter mination. She would mako him suffer ; she 'would teach him contrition. The picturo has lieenseona thousand times1 on the streets1 of Louisville. A tall, slim man with wliito side whisker?, wliito hair, and a face expressing mingled mortification and recklessness in front, a woman, shabbily dressed and closely veiled, shrinking along behind. " Throckmorton and his ghost," whispered the spectators, as tlie two ' marched silently down on tho street. " Tlie woman ho ruined," Bpeaks another voico. " The woman1 he'scorns, rather," says somebody else. " The woman who will die nt his heels," hays another still, and so they off talk. John Throckmorton and Ellen Godwin keep np this weary journey through life. It is rare that they siieak to cacli other. Or.- 11 . Throckmorton breathes an oath or a threat, but the woman only smiles. She is carrying out her purpose. What does she care wliat Throck morton says or what the world thinks ? Some say she is insane, hut those who know her best say not. Throckmorton, among his friends, laughs at the matter; and refers to tlie woman as " bis' hell's .delight" But his pretension of carelessness is nil assumed. Upon one occasion, as tho story : goes, it0 meets her on a bitter cold day in the Seoond-stroet market and curses her. For ouce tho woman's temper getB tho better of her. She seizes ail ignoble weapon, a frozen rabbit, and in the twinkling of an oye' John' Throckmorton has received a blow across his face, and is lying stretched- out upon tho sidewalk. Upon an other occasion there is, according to public tes timony, a dramatic scene in the mouth of tlio alley. Throckmorton lias ' become desperate. He meets his " hell's delight," and brings forth a razor to cut licr throat. She throws back her veil with a smilo of scorn, and says : — " Kill mo, J ohn Throckmorton, but kiss mo first." Theman becomes powerless with awe at tho reckless bearing of the woman, and'flees from hor Bight, but soon she is 011 his trail again, and it is tlio old, old story of " Throck morton and liis ghost." At tlio expiration of twonty-three years a trial takes place in the Louisville Chancery Court. Ellon Godwin is charged with lunacy by John Throckmorton, nnd an inquest is held. Tho courthouse is filled to overflowing, and tho excitement is intense. Tlie prosecuting witness, witli scores of other witnesses to back liim, tells the history of tlio long years that tlio accused has dogged his footsteps. After a while Ellen Godwin is placed- upon a stnud to'teil her story. She was a girl but fifteen years of ago, she says, when she met this . man Throckmorton. Ho sought her out at home, and she learned to lovo him, subsequently falling a victim to bis licentious caresses. Even after this " I loved this man," she said, " so passionately that I found the desire' to be at his side irre sistible. 1 1 began to follow him upon tile Btreets, solely because I loved him. He lnughod at me, and spoke snceringly of mo to his friends. He, forgot the promises I10 had made me, and I forgot my lovo for him. I learned: to hato him. Before I had followed about after liim because I worshipped liim. Now I determined to follow him because he had scorned me, and beeauso I hated him as intensoly as_I had loved him. I sought to teacli him contrition, hut he was too proud to repent, too Btubborn to seek my forgiveness, and I was too resolute to forgot my purpose, and so day after dny and night aftor. night - have I been upon his track. I have suffered, nnd so has lie." Upon the occasion of this trial Ellen Godwin stood the examination nnd cross-examination of the counsel for the prosecution ns firmly as She had carried ont her purposo of teaching John Throckmorton that a woman scorned is a woman wronged. Tho jury, without leaving their scats, decided that tho defondant was a sane woman, and tho court promptly dismissed the.pctition of John Throckmorton askingthat slio bo committed- to the lunatia asylum. Tho trial, however, parted Throckmorton nnd his ghost. Ellen .Godwin declared that, alio hod exposed her faithlesslovor sufficiently, and gave up hor intention to teach liim contrition. Miss Godwin wroto tho history of tho outiro affair, and lias been offered by a well known publishing houso 10,000 dol. for the manu script, which upon his earnest advice Bhe re fused, and tho book was novor published. Miss, Godwin was quito a brilliant writer, it is said, and many of her artioles were published by tho leading magazines of tho day. About a year ago sho died of consumption at her homo on Jefferson-slroet, near Shelby. She ' loft beliind her a neat littlo fortune, which passed into tho linnds of some of her relatives who still reside in Louisville and aro eminently rcspectftblo people. It has been stated that she was always shabbily dressed in her pursuit of John Throckmorton, This alio did inten tionally, becnuso, as alio stated to her counsel ; she wanted her own appearance to bo a3 re proachful, as possible. John Throckmorton and Ellen Godwin are both dead now, but this story of their lives is an exemplification of tlio fnot thnt " truth is stranger than fiction." 