Music and the Drama. i VEUT little has been dono in the world of musio in > oar city dnrinjr the past weeli, Madarao Favart " I still holds the stage at the Theatre Rojal, and con . tinhes to attract fair if not overcrowded houses. ? The opera runs without oven the ghost of a hitoh . from beginning to end. As the company's Beaeon is 1 now drawing to a close at this theatre, we would 1 roapeotfully Buggest to them that "Tambour . Major," " Olivette," and ''Madame Favart" on 1 successive nights during tho last week of the season i would bo moro likely to draw good houaes than any one of these operas continued over tho whole week. 1 We commend tho BUggostion to the management for . what it is worth. Tho public, aro promised a treat in the perfor- mances of tho Mendelssohn Quintette Club, which commence afc tho Masonio Hall on this (Saturday) : evening- Tho club comprises first and second violins, first and second violas, .violoncello, and when necessary flute and clarionet. Tho members of this club are highly spoken of by the American Press, and th*ir perfoimances havo been attended by largo audiences in all tho principal cities of America. The company will bo assisted by Miss Cora R. Miller, vocalist. We would respectfully sug- gest to them not to trust wholly to olaasioal music aa a meánB ó£ attracting largo audiences, but to ' minglo a little musical padding with the moro sub- stantial pieces they bring under the notlco of their audiences. There aro people, yea, many people, in 1 our oity who love classical musio, and duly ap- preciate tho performance, of it, but they aro too fow , in number to remunerate artista for playing it at concerts. This waa the chief, if not tho only, reason why Wilhelmj's late concerts were not very success- ful. He was undoubtedly .a grand player, and he performed a selection of 'grand pieces, but ho had thin audiencos becauso the public did not care to pay high prices for permission to liston to musio1 which they could not understand.: Had he performed, in connection with «ne or two great works, a selection of well-known popular melodies, in that exquisito style so natural to him as a player, he would havo had overflowing audienoes. Great artist**, however, cannot descend to the common people, and so tho common people refuse to ascond to them. Wo had the pleasure of being présent at a private rooital by this combination of artista at Paling's rooms, George- street, on Thursday evening, when about a hundred ladies and gentlemen attended by invita- tion to obtain a foretasto of the good things musical which are about to be set before tho Sydney public. The¡ Mendelssohn Quintette Club consists of Mr. Isidor Schnitzler,. violin; -Mr, Ernßt Thiele, violin; .Mr. William Schade, Auto and viola ;. Mr. Thoa. Byan, clarionet and viola: and Mr. Frederick Gieso, violoncello. All theso gontlcmcn aro accomplished performers, and some of thom artists whoso equal as soloists have perhaps never been hoard in Australia, In their oonoorted pieces they play together as if con- trolled by a single intelligence, and those who know what effeets are capable of being produced by a combination of musical sounds under euch cir- cumstances ; may' possibly form soiño idoa of the* wonderful fcouuty and richness of the harmonios that' pfooaod from tho instruments of those accomplished . performers. No lan- guage oan adequately describe the degree of per footionrreaohod by thom. Anything like juat praiBO would appear extravneant eulogy. The company on! Thursday night woro treated to threo .Bolos-Auto, violin, and violoncello-nnd throe concerted pieoos, and thoy, were fairly carried away with enthusiasm over each number, although tho performers laboured uiidor tho great dinadvantafjo of playing in a small room. Tho violoncellist ia un questionably tho lion of tho party. It ÍB no exaggeration to Bay that his equal has nevor boon heard in thia city, nor anything riparhia equal, and we say this with the recollection ofiirreat 'oalloists ooruparafcivoiyir.csh upon na. His marvclloun exeqution; and. tho swootnoss, power, and vi^rioty.of the ¿ono that ho produoodj fairly toole Jus^ audienae by ato-m. The aaacmblago waa a oritioal and cultured ono, and it waa the common remark among those who heard Mr. G'IOBO that thoy could scarcely realise tho f aot that the effaots he produced were from one instrument. Tho immediate effect , upon tho listener ia one of rapture, and after hearing what waB accomplished, one obtains a very exalted idea, indaed, of the resonrces of the violoncello. If the violin is the king of musical instruments, the violoncello must be kim? of the violin family; and Glese is undoubtedly king of the violoncello. We venture to predict on unprecedentedly favourable reception for these accomplished artista by the Sydney public The company ia under engagement to Mr. L. M. Bayloss, who, with Mr. Paling, IB to^be congratulated upon having the honour of introducing so distinguished a combination to the musical publia of New South Wales. Tho very successful engagement of Mr. Dewhurst at the Queen's Theatre «ame to a dose last night, when "Much Ado About Nothing "waa produood. Mr. Dewhurst waa of courae Benedick, and Mips Marian Willis mado an exoellont Beatrice Favour- able mention has already been made of Mr. Dew« hurst's impersonation of tho part ; .also of Misa Willis's great versatility SB diaplayedim her admir- able acting aa the brilliant Beatrioè. I have nothing to add to what I havo already said, save that both were as successful as ever, ia i winning the well-deaerTod plaudits of a good and oritioal audience. Daring tho week Mr. Dewhurst has appeared aa "Claude Melnotte," "Hamlet," .. ' and '. Richelieu," and in each case, though his im- personations are of unequal merit, he was successful in giving a representation that, though far from be- yond criticism, left on tho whole a very favourable impression, and something to think of. On enoh occasion Mr. Dewhurst han beon woll supported by Miss Willis, and by one or two members of the com« pany now at the Queen's. Mr. Walter Reynolds opens at the Qaoon's to- night in one of his own dramas, for whioh great preparations havo been made, :????."'? A benefit and complimentary concert is to ba givon to Mrs. Colborne Fraser on Tuosday next, 4th October, at the Protestant Hall. I have seen the programme to be produoed, and I anticipate a very pleasant and highly enjoyablo ovening. The lady for whoso benefit the entertainment ia to be given is well and favourably known in the musical society of the city, and has many a time and. oft given Taluable service aa accompanist and pianist Ç,cnorally. Among those who will tako part m the concert are Misa Bennett, Mr. J. J". Hinohy, Mr. ¿V. F. Bator, Mies Kate Horniman, Mr. Golder, MisBoa Lowrie and Leask, tho Masters Eseourt and Louia Fraser, Miaa Donovan, Messrs. W. and C. Harrie, and Mrs. Colborne Fraser herself, Mr. Maccabe still continues to drive " Dull Caro Away" at tho School pf Arts. The largo hail ia crowded nightly, and the entertainment seems to ba as popular as at first. " Patience," to bo produced by tho Williamson Opera Company, will moat likely follow " Madame Favart'" at the Theatre Royal. The grand concert in aid of the Balmain Convent School has been definitely fixed for Tuesday, 11th October. > A conoert ia to be givon at the Albert Hall, Bris- bane, on Wednesday next, for the benefit of Madame and Miaa Marie Carandini, in which Misa Carandini will take part. Madame bfta cone to Molbontne. Mrs. Palmer (nco Misa Rosina Carandini) ia about to produce in Molbonrne *'The Mountain Sylph." Mrs. Palmer ha» formed a choral eocioty in that city. Mrs. Geo. Cottrell (Misa Isabella Carandini) recently gave a conoort in Wellington, N.Z., whioh waa attended by a very fashionable audience, whioh crowded the theatre to excess. Mr. Alfrod Dampior, with a picked oompany, re» openo tho Gaioty Theatre on October 8, Mr. L. M. Bayleea being solo lessee and director. \ Mr. Edwin Holly, it ia said, will perform the para of CharleB Favart, in tho opera " Madame Favart,** I at the Theatre Royal, aftor Saturday, vice Mr. Fred , Mervin, whose continued ill-health renders absolute rest necessary, Mies Kate Slattery is, we are informed, too ill te sing at the Manly Benah concert to bo given thin (Satur¿ay^ evening. The western Suburba Musical Society gives m. grand concert at Burwood on Monday evening next. The operetta "Evelyn" ia to be rondered, after whioh a miscellaneous concert will follow. In this McBsrß. Percy Jones (a namo by nomeanB unfamiliar amongst amateurs aaa basso of considerable repute), W* Morcan (tenor), and othors will take part, A most enjoyablo treat is anticipated. : Tho Montnguo-Turner Opera Company did big bueinoaa in Newcastle. Professor Haselmayer has been enjoying a highly successful tour in the Grafton districts. Two draftB of children wera boarded ont from tho Benevolent Asylum this week. Tho new system of dealing with S tato waifs seems to bo working mosto satisfactorily. ' A prisoner in the Bathurst gaol, named M'Cann, attempted to break out OB WedneBcay., Ho had scoured two chisels, with which ho waa making aa opening ia the outer wall, whon detected. About ll o'olock Wednesday night a man named John Peterson, living at N outrai Bay, was taken to tho Infirmary by constablo Bobine. Ho waa suffering from the effects of alcoholic poisoning and submer- sion. He had been taken out of the wator afc Circu- lar Quay by John Singleton, a labourer, and Jame's Robinson, a cabman. He was in the first place Boen by Dr. Boll, of theHydaspes, and by him sent to tho Infirmary. When admitted he waa sufferina; froía extreme ripidity of tho musolcs, and he was without boots or coat. No explanation was givon as to how he got into tho water*. .,. ? ." Aga ")üo8 been brought to light in oonneotion with the arrival of tho barque Eden from Japanese ports. Soven Japanose seamen of the veeaol complained fo> Mr. H. Marks, the consul representing their country, that they had been badly treated on tho vbyagö,' anti that tho captain had made them pay for their pro- visions. Mr. Marks immediately inquired into tho matter, and found that tho latter statement was true. The master had, through tho British consul at Japan, obtained au agrooment from tho sailors that they should provision themselves during a two months' voyago. For this purpose they bought a largo quantity of fish and other pro- visions which booamo bad shortly aftor sailing. Th» 'captain then issued rations to tho ooamon, tho valno of which ho stopped from thoir wages, and on rthoir arrival hero thoy were loft without a ponny, tho payment for provisions having oonBumcd the wholo of thoir wages. _ Mr. Marks pointod ont to tho cap- tain that his notion was against tho Bpirit of tho Morohant Shipping.Aot,aTiudomandod tho diaohargo of the mon. Aftor somo demur tho daptiiin dis ahargod fivo who wantod to leavo, and gavo them .£18. Tho Jnpanoso Govornmont havo boon ao« quainted with tho faots by Mr. Marka, with a request that, commis, in . Japan would in Juturo refuse ta aançlion ouch Agfcciaonta*.' . . . ?? r: . S .,? A 