Localisms.j •yj^gt^ the rumor? Why that the mystenous D. has got & sniff of the £5000. - It isn't in the dung heap. More likely in the cold, cold, grave. Such thing* have happened before. One feels for the Herr. The giver of delight to thousands of pious people, to be left out in the cold. They might have ib'nt ouV fron? the merry hanquet, a bottle of Cliquot. Then the Herr could have Bccomnanied the glorious cherus on his silvwT tf umpet. It was an oversight surely Be might even have added "Garryowen," or " The Wcring of the Green," Where's the Ghost? Sir Archibald Will want you ™7 friend, as a real specimen of a local ghost and a good runner, for the purpose of showing a benighted worid what sort of an article a ghost proper is. You will oblige dear, won t vou1 The police will be mum. ' How comes it that our public Guardian tie tHat takes charge of Tasmania, its taaiiners and its morals, never >d as much as one little word of that choice vocabulary to spare for the occasion 1 Let as have fair totting all round, Censor. No picking. "No picking your marks as Milton did not say, but « do things on the square" as William Penn remarked. You Will observe that public opinion js pretty unanimous on the « Jolly Good Fellow ^OhMhose grave yards. One is compelled to admire their beauty. But singular to say all reference to their eharms is unanimously excluded from the Guide Books. Visitors are supposed to discover them for themselves. The demi- gods of the tleven are finding their level. People at last after a deal of railing manage to penetrate things Perhaps for the future there will be more apiee I'd the papers for more important ^^professional opinion. A well known professional who amused bis 1 isure toomeflts doing the hanky-panky with gome unready amateurs, seemed to tinnk Certain fcricketer, one of the select, very Small beer. Putting in one or his tunny ones; theliovelty at the sticks ployed it Vollhd as a rainbow. " That was a catch, , « Kof if Charley bad been here fie^ heve muffed it. George might said She candid one. . '«I never h;id a chance of thanking you loV what you did. But I henrd all about it If- it hadn't been for you there s no .-doubt the placc would have gone. And if I can do anything for you I d like to -do itV Now look here there are others after'it, but you eau have the first chanee, it will just suit your business. M bank you, I'm not thinking of shilling. ' b well,«don't say I did'ttel you. Yo» have't a bob about you, by the by. I came away without any change. Ill give »t Jou in the morning.", ; And thai morning, come yet. A pity tliQiilifii'i^ifit.wai aia' m»»iv public One would have lilted to *ee H s W .rship, champagne goblet^ in lia'q l, rolling', oml in sientWiari I'Aftes " Foi :He's " Who would have thought t 1 He has'ntthe leRgt tittle hitihe look of a man of tbWsorV-.': n,;; \ r ' \ I 