MltfEES AND EXPLOSIVES. IT is already yery plainly shown that the Friendly Societies did a wise thing in adopt ing our suggestion that thoy should collect evidoncc to bo laid beforo the Explosives Buiird on the deleterious ofYeets of tlie fumes of dynamite and lithofracteur on the health of the miners using these cxplosivo compounds. By their doing so they have materially assisted towards a solution of the - question as to whether the noxious effects of theso fumes cannot be counteracted by chemical agencies. The Friendly Societies have invited medical and practical evidence, and, in addition, they havo furnished from their own records statistical testimony of the ruinous effects produced by tho fumes of tlio compounds under notice upon persons engaged in mining. We are greatly pleased to find that almost all of tho loading medical men in Sandhurst have consented to give evidence before the board on the subject, for there can be no doubt that their close acquaintance with the prevailing ailments amongst the miners will greatly assist tho board in obtaining a fair idea of the really serious nature of the question under investigation, whilst at the same time it will go no small way in enab ling them to arrive at a sound and practical elusion upon it. Indeed we have a contri bution in this direction already. Some few days ago we published a letter from a correspondent-a modest gentle man who retired behind the per plexing' pseudonym of " Ivergizz.y," but who, we may say, has had a good deal of experience, in a medical way, amongst miners - in which the writer stated that a crude experiment with liquid ammonia had succeeded to some extent in abating tho noxious ^effects of the fumes. , He sug gested that further experimenting ill the same direction might lead to better results, and so, as will bo seen by a letter which . we publish this morning from Dr. Eadie, it has done. It may be, perhaps, that Dr. Eadie was engaged in his experiments before- our correspondent wrote; but of that we cannot now speak. Certainly, however, the doctor has gone a good step in advance, and if his very sanguine expectations-which, as far as we may at present judge really appear to have a fair foundation-should be fully rea lised, why then tho miners may bo con gratulated upon a means having been dis covered of removing one ofthemany dangers under which they labor. We sincerely hope the remedy suggested by Dr Eadie may prove entirely successful, but whether it does or not tho thanks of the community are due to him for his efforts, as also to the other medical gentlemen who have promised to give evi dence before the board. THE POLITICAL SITUATION, - The Argus says :-" The gravity of the political situation is indicated by the circumstance that the Chief Secretary had on Friday a loug and important interview with His lixccllency the Governor. Particulars as to the interview are withheld, but of coarse politicians have 110 doubt as to the object of the Ministry in communicating with His Excellency at this juncture. It is not considered probable, however, that His Excel lency would grant a dissolution. The fact of the interview taking place made a great stir in political circles, . A Cabinet Council has been called for Monday (to-day)." Our Melbourne correspondent writing on Saturday says:-"The fact that Mr. Berry has had. a talk with His Excellency about what is to be: done if ' the Reform Bill is not carried, has raised the spirits of the Corner party, and they will doubtless be encouraged to persevere in their opposition to the bill, looking upon the battle as almost won. There is, howevei;, still good ground for hope that moderation and reason will carry the day, aud that the reform ghost may be laid to rest for a little while, notwithstanding the mistaken attempts of the little lot in "the. Corner to prevent, at all hazards, the bringing about of so desirable a consummation." The Daily Tele graph of Saturday says:-"In regard to the position of affairs in the House, we may mention that, iu view of the continued opposition of ' certain members-'.' in-dealing with the reform question, the Chief Secretary ie seriously con sidering the advisability of iutroducinga motion which will deal with.the obstructives, and per mit of progress beiug made in the consideration of the Council's amendments." THE FIHE BRIGADES'. DEMONSTRATION". - On Saturday night' the balance of-the Sandhurst district contingent arrived here by the last train, the time for which their passes were available then expiring. As regards the demonstration itself a singular ruu of misfortune has attended the efforts of the two principal Sandhurst bri gades At the very outset ot the demonstration the Ao. 1 Brigade's hydrant mau was iucapa ciated through au unfortunate accident, and they were thrown out of all chance where a hydrant was required. The City Brigade secured three places m the Britannia Cup competition, third for Ladder and Hose Practice; second for Engine Practice, and second iu the Members' Race They were however, disqualified iu the engine practice for having made use of a certain contrivance, and also in the Members' Ruce, on the ground that one of then- men was under age. The Carlton Brewery Brigade not only won the Britannia Cup, but also third prize in Hose Practice for six men, tlnrd prize in Special Hose Practice, and first in the Representative Race. The Ballarat Brigadu obtained second plaee in the Cup competition, tirst in Hose Practice for six men, first in Special Hose Practice, third in Engine 1 ractice, first iu Members' Race, aud second for Hose Practice with three men. The Ballarat City was first in Ladder and Hose 1 ractice, second iu Hose Practice for sir men third m Representative Race. Newtown and Unlwell were secoud in Ladder and Hose 1 ractice. Iu Special Hose Practice. Geclone won second prize. Iu Ladder Practice, Brown of Hotham, was first, Lowday, of Geelonc' second, and Stracfe, of Daylesford, third. Haw thorn was second in tho Representative Race Corowa New South'Wales. won first honors in iMigmePractice, aud the Temperance woninHose I ractice for three men. The points at the con clusion of the competition stood Carlton Brewerv 11, Ballarat 11, and Ballarat City 11. The cap tains of these brigades agreed after some dis cussion to accept equal certificates. A ] ECUCIAH FAMILY.-A case possessing soma peculiar features was brought under the notice of the police on Saturday. About one o clock in the afternoon a man named Hickev a woodcarter, residing on the M'Ivor-road brought his wife to the Back Creek police station aud asked Constable Thompson to take her into custody as a lunatic. The woman was but very scantily attired, having nothing on but a few threadbare garments; and her sunken features, protruding jawbones, together with her appearance in general, betokened plainly that she was either starving herself or being starved to death. She was accompanied by her three children-two boys aud a girl, the eldest about twelve years of age and the youngest seven, who clung to her skirts aud appeared unwilling to leave her. The children were all hatless and bootless, aud like the mother verv scantily dressed. On the way to the Back Creek pohce-tation they were followed by a crowd of children, who were attracted by the uovel scene of a whole family en route for the lockup. Constable Thompson could not . of course undertako to judge the woman's mental condition, and incompliance with her husband's request he conveyed her to the lockup. Dr Cruikshsnk and Dr. Eadie were called in, and after examining the supposed lunatic, arrived at the conclusion that the only thing the matter with her wa3 that she was in want of nourish ment. She was accordingly brought before Messrs. Anderson and Caroliu, Js,P. on Satur day after, aud discharged from custody. It appears that tho family have been liviug in a small hovel on a selection owned by Hickey, and have been denied the common necessaries of life. Hickey has a banking account of several hun dreds of pounds, aud his wife's "lunacy," according to his statement, consisted in her Der sistiag in carrying tiie deposit receipts about with her m her pocket. On Saturday she had a few pounds in her pocket belonging to him, and Ilia desire to . augment his funds iu the bank, together with.his wife's refusing to give the receipts up, led to his charging her with lunacy Judging from the appearance of the whole family as they proceeded to the watchhouse, any person, not knowing the circumstances, would have imagined that they were in a state of the most abject poverty. Certainly they were in a state of utter miser}'. TIIE COMET.-Tho comet was plainly visible last evening between Bix and seven o'clock in the south-west. It was somewhat difficult to discern with the naked eye, but when viewed through a telescope, or even an opera glass, wa3 most distinct. Its dimensions aro by no means so great as the one which latoly visited us. \- A LIGHT WANTED.-Tho contractor who is engaged in reducing the level of Barnard-street, opposite the Benevolent Asylum, has neglected to place a lamp at night on the road. The drop in some places is .very great, and much risk is encountered by vehicles proceeding in either direction after dark. -SIR ARTHUR KENNEDY,-Tho Albany corres pondent of the Herald says :-His Excellency Sir Arthur Kennedy, Governor of Queensland, arrived here by special train from Sydney on Saturday. His Excellency was accompanied by Miss Kennedy and Colonel Scratchley. Sir Arthur is proceeding to Melbourne to visit his son-in-law, Rear Admiral tho' Earl of Clauwil liam. GOLD, CALLS, ASD r,hvwr.'ii>s.-For tbe off week the gold yield ia about up to this average, namely, about 1,800 ozs. Tho Ellenborough heads the list with SOT oz3, the Now Chum and Victoria has 222 ozs,, United Iiustler'3 aud Redan 210 ozs., Johnson's Reef Extended 135 029,, Hercnl«3 and Energetic 131 OZ3., and Loudon G.G. 10G oza. The amalgam from the Ellesmere ia 77S oz3., Garden Gully United 5-10 oza., New Chum Consolidated 492 ozs., and Phcouix 120 ozi. Tho divideuds declared are Alabama and Butler's Reef Is., Ellenborough 9d., London G.G, 3.1., and Central Hustler's Freehold, a final winding up dividend of Id., tlie whole amounting to £2,533 63. Sd. The calls are unusually heavy, ami reach tho largo total of £9,303 Gs. Sd., exceeding the dividends by no less than £7,070. THE MAYOR'S BALL.-Invitations in connec tion with the annual mayoral ball which takes place 011 Wednesday, 22nd Juue, are to bo issued this week. We understand that the whole of the members of the Ministry are to be invited, aud also several of the leading members of Parliament. Electoral ROLLS.-It is notified by the elec toral registrar for Sandhurst, Mr. J. H. M'ColI, that the supplementary roll for electors'rights for divisions A.'aud B Spriug Creek, will be made up on the Igt June, Rights will be issued on 31sc May, and 1st June up to 9 p.m. We may mention that all rights issued prior to the 1st of December last will expire on Uio 1st December this year. Iiight3 issued during this year will be good for three yeiu'3. The supplementary roll which i3 about to be made up will come into force in August next. FALSE PRETENCES.-A rather heavy fraud was attempted oil Messrs. M'Cartiu Brothers, the well-known millers and storekeepers of West Shelbourne, a few days ago by Charles E, Edwards, who has been about live years in the employ of the firm as clerk. The Melbourne papers describe Edwards as an old offender, but if tbo description be justifiable, bisehnracter was not known to his late employers. Edwards was dismissed from their employ about three weeks ago. The circumstances of the case are thus narrated in the Telegraph: "An individual named Charles E. Edwards, alias Levy, about forty, and a clerk by occupation, was arrested by Detective Brown on Friday, and lodged in the city watchhouse, on several charges, one being of obtaining £100 from the New Zea land Mercantile Loan Company, Melbourne, by means of false pretences. Levy, up to the 13th of last mouth, was in the employ of a miller aud storekeeper, at Shelbourne, beyond Sand hurst, and on the 21st called upon the New Zealand Company, with whom his late employer had had business transactions, and on the strength of his representation that his employer had a bill to pay Service and Co., obtained a cheque for £100, which, it is alleged, lie appro priated to his own use. Ho was at the time of his arrest ' wanted for an of fenco of less importance, aud he pas serued seven years iu gaol for a previous crime. Our Melbourne correspondent adds : - Mr. Charles Edwards was brought before the Police Court on Saturday, and remanded until Thurs day. There was a second charge agaiust him of obtaining goods and money by false pretences, which was said to be of five years standing. He has an alias, namely, Louis Levy. A REVOLTING CASE.-Two young women aged nineteen and eighteen respectively, named Mary Jane Ivey, aud Naucy Bolton, residing iu Myers street, where they kept a brothel, were arrested on warrant oil Saturday morning, by Senior constable Barry, aud Constable Brooks, on the charge of vagrancy, and being idlo aud disorderly persons. It appears that these girls whose appearance would lead to the belief that they were very respectable, only a few days ago enticed a young girl of thirteen years to reside at their place for the purpose of leading an abandoned life. On Friday the girl Bolton had called at Mr. J. P. Carolin's and under the name cf " Mrs. Monogue" had giveu au order for about £30 worth of property, to be forwarded to her residence in Myers- street. Mr. Caroliu had unsuspectingly, ordered the furniture from his Melbourne agent, and it had arrived in Sand hurst. The other girl, Ivey, has been previously before the police court, for larceny, for which offence she received a sentence. They will be brought up at the police court this morning. SCHOLASTIC.-With refereuco to tha rumor to which we gave publicity a few days ago, that a new college would shortly be started in Sand hurst, we iearu that the Wesleyan school, Forest-street, has been taken byXIrs. Barriugton, and Mr. Mackie, and will bejopeued some time in June. Prior to tho opening it is intended to give a voeal and instrumental concert of a superior character, which will bo conducted by Mrs Barriugton, who is herself an instrumen talist. Mrs. Barrington is a lady of superior accomplishments, aud has occupied the position of governess in several leading families in Mel bourne. LICENSING MAGISTRATES.-The appointment of the followiug licensing magistrates appears in last Friday's Government QazettA:-East Charl ton, Messrs H. D. Dean, and 6; H. Foreman. Rochester, Messrs. H. D. Cooke, aud C. C. Palmer. Crrv POLICE COURT.-Messrs. Strickland and Caroliu, Js.P., presided at tho Police Court on Saturday. One drunkard was lined 5s. or twenty-four hours' imprisonment. James Peat aud Frederick Parden were charged with having on Friday night made use of threatening language with intent to provoke a breach of the peace. The offence, which was committed at Long Gully, was clearly proved against Peat, whe was lined 20s,, or three days'imprisonment iu default; but Parden" was discharged. MEETING or ENGINE-DRIVERS.-A meetiug of engine-drivers, convoned by advertisement, was held on Saturday evening at Hansen's Beehive Eotel. About thirty persons interested attended; Mr. S. ICeam, junr., was voted to the chair. The meetiug was called for the purpose of devising means to obtain a reduction iu the hours of labor at present worked by engine-drivers. After transacting some pre liminary business, the meeting was adjourned until Wednesday evening next at half-past seven o'clock. THE WEATHER,-The weather during the past two days ha3 been very fine. The evenings however, turn chilly very suddenly now, and this reuders it rather dangerous to remain much in the night air, without precautious against cold. Yesterday afternoon a pleasant southerly breeze was blowing, and the night was exceed ingly flue, but somewhat frosty. The comet was visible on Saturday night and yesterday evening, between seven and eight o'clock, in tho south west about 30 degrees above the horizon. DEATH AT THE HOSPITAL.-A woman named Catherine Meares, aged 70 years, an iumate of the hospital, died on Saturday evoning. The matter was reported to Mr. Strickland, who will hold an inquest this moruiug at 10 a.m. THE REHEARSAL OF HAYDN'S IMPERIAL MASS, which took place in St. Kiiiau's yesterday afternoon, was most successful in every respect. The various members of tho choir who had charge of the most difficult parts acquitted themselves in a truly ablo and satisfactory manner. Monaghan's band, under the direction of its talented leador, performed its part with a precision which proved that the artistes had seized correctly the sense of their respective parts. All arrangements have now been per fected to make the High Mass iu St. Kiiiau's a grand treat in sacred music, THE EASTER FAIR.-The final meeting of the general committee of tho Easter Fair takes place this evening. We understand that the balance sheet has been prepared and audited, and pre sents an exceedingly satisfactory result on the credit sido of the ledger. TIIE LOCK-UP.-A youth named Charles Lnggo was arrested on Saturday evening by Senior-constable Colvin on a charge of insulting behavior in Pall Mall. Ho was observed mis conducting himself by tho constable, and re fused to desist when cautioned. A Chinaman named Hen Yeck, for whom a warrant has beeu out for some time, was arrested by Senior constable Barry on a charge of unlawfully assaulting a countryman, John Eade was arrested for stealing tumblers at Eaglebawk. The larceny was committed some time ago. THE "ILLUSTRATED AUSTBALIAN NEWS. -The illustrations in this month's number of this journal are more than ordinarily attractive, and engage attention, They comprise "A ballad concert;"' "The wreck of tho Tararua-the last on the wreck- Lawrence's swim through the breakers;" " Norwood Homestead, N. W. coast of Tasmania;'' "The sons of thePrinceof Wales;" "Arrival of the flying squadron;" "H.M.S. Bacchante;" "Interior views of H.M.S. Bac chante;" " Casting pipes, Lauglands Foundry;" " Last days of the Exhibition;" and the " Hos pital forlncurables." THE FIRE BRIGADES.-The Ballarat Courier says :-" Besides the acceptance of the chal lenge of the Carlton Brewery Brigade by the Beechworth brigade, it ia said that the Ballarat men are inclined to try conclusions with the present holders of the Britannia Gup. If any contests are decided upon it is expected that the running-ground recently used will be the scene of the events." Against the latter statement we may say, however, that an opinion prevails amongst the firemen that the event will be run off at Sandhurst, owing to the higher water pressure which is to be had here, and of course the success of tho teams in competition depends largely upon the pressure. Iu Ballarat, at the late competitions, the pressure, we arc informed, was not at all BO great as could have been desired. Dr. Lindeman, the pioneer of the wine-making industry, died en Thursday last. A sum of £300 has already been raised in Sydney for the proprietors of the Bulletin to meet the costs of tho late Clontarf libel case. 