®aïcs ¿md SMûm. THE GIRL I LEFT BEHIND ME." AND you have really resolved to join the anny and leave mo. Charley ! ' " i have, Alice, love; we must separate!" " But, Charley, why persist in keeping from me the real reason for this stop that will break my heart ?" " To save yon pain, Alice." "Save me pain, Charley! What greater pain could you inflict upon mo than that of plunging into this strife and leaving mc behind you to mourn ?" and the girl burst into a flood of tears. " Dou't cry like that, darling. Your tears wash away the record of my resolution made this morning when I gave my name as one of the 105th New York boys. Don't weep, my own." "And you have then already enlisted, Charles Abbott ; and after the act that breaks my heart anddestroyB my peaoeis consummated you have the temerity to come and tell me not to cry about it ? Leave me, sir, instantly !" soi the sobbing girl tore herself from the arms of the young man. "Stop, Alice, rather than you should think me actuated hy some uuworthy motive you shall know all." " All what, sir V " All of wrong and insult I have endured for you, Alice." "From whom, Mr. Abbott?" "I regret to say from your father, Alice Ashton." " My father. Charles !" " Yes, Mice, from your father. Come hero to me, dear, and be seated while I tell you what I intended to have kept from you, but the hour has come when we must be brave, dear girl, for we must separate." " And you have been keeping a secret from , me, Charley, affecting the happiness of us both," said the girl, reproachfully, as she seated herself again by tho side of her lover, every indication of her momentary pique disappearing. "Tell me, dear; for are we not one ?" "Yes, dearest, I trust so, and have long known that your heart was mine," and his arm again encircled her ; " but it is the old story that here meets us of the course of true love never running smoothly, and BO the stream of ' onr united affections has come to a gigantic boulder at last, which for a time must divide us." "You speak coolly about it, Charley, as though it were a simple every day affair." " A simple every day affair, Alice ! To me it is dividing the flesh from the bones and burning the marrow." " You frighten me, darling ; what has my father done. Has he discovered our cherished secret ?" " Allie, you could not suppose me to bc BO contemptible as to win the affections of my employer's daughter and leave her father in ignorance of the fact !" " O, Charley, have you told him !" "Yes, Allie, the busy tongaes of rumour else would have told him, and I went to him this morning, like a man, and avowed my love for you, asking him for at least a hope of Vinning you in the future." " And bis answer. Charles !" " Insult, rage and personal violence. Allie, see this," and the young man raised his bat and showed a dark abrasion. " That waa the answer I received from Mr. Boderick Ashton in reply to my request for the band of his daughter." "My poor darling 1 how horrible 1 But I do not understand it all, Charles. True, you may te poor and a humble clerk in my father's office, but are you not the son of the man who, in his boor of dire distress, was my father's best friend ? How could he act so meanly and ungratefully. " Because, dear, I am poor and you are the rich heiress. Wealth weighs much heavier than either truth, honour, or love." " Tell mo the whole circumstance. Charley ?" " I will, dear, so that in the telling you may know I am not actuated by the mere impulse of pasBion or the promptings of revenge ; for, O Î my precious girl I to me you are more than life ; and in that bitter moment of wild rage the thought of you restrained my i hand from smiting your gray- hutred father to the earth." | "Thanks, dearest, for the great forbear- ance, "and the rich, rosy lips of the beautiful girl bestowed love's reward upon the young man chafing under his injuries. " And now, Charley, tell me the whole story." "Simply, Allie, that this morning, taking advantage of what I deemed a more than usual expression of kindness on the part of your father, who spoke in warm terms af my past laboura and the promise of rapid advance- ment they indicated, I became bold enough to unbosom myself and speak of my own ambitious hopes regarding vou, love." "Well, dear?" " HÍB silence gave me the courage to tell of our mutual attachment for each other, Allie, and I bodly asked for his approval of our engagement." "And then-" " He rose, white with passion, and for the moment rage rendered him speechless, but at last the torrent of opprobrium and invective broke forth, and he bestowed every vile epithet upon me possible, concluding with striking me a violent blow in the face and and ordering me from the house to never again enter it." "My poor boy ! and you bore all this for me !" "What would I not bear for you, dear? Anything but a knowlodge of your unfaithful- ness." " And that you Bball never have to bear, Charles Abbott, for if my father can be offensively and abusively firm in hiB rage, so can his daughter bc patiently and consistently firm in her determination to marry the man she alone loves, ' or none other ' " " Thanks, my own, but I bind yon to no rash promise. I go forth to hattie for freedom for others, and shall leave no fettered slave here in the 'girl I leave behind rae. ' " "Possibly not, Charle}-, but if go you mast, know that 'the girl you leave behind you, willingly, nay rejoicingly, places tipoa the heart-no longer her own-the fetters of constancy binding her to the man she loves, forever and aye." " Thanks, my beloved, for this voluntary promise, as your consistency may be put to the test ere long." " What mean you, Charles!" " Only that your father told me plainly that his viewB regarding your future were to unite you in marriage to Martin Dinkelton, the army contractor." "Preposterous! Why the old hunker might easily be my father, ba ! ha ! ha ! Why, dear, if that is all the rival you have tn fear rest easy that my troth to you plighted will not suffer much violence." " Yes, bot Allie, he is rieh, and your father is wilful. What could a young girl without mother or friend do against such odds as wealth and fatherly authority combined ?" " And are we not wealthy, Charley ! Docs my father have any necessity to barter his daughter's happiness for gold ? No, no, dear ; rest assured that was but a mere figment of my father's brain held out to tantalize and torment ns both. And was it this that finally determined you to join the army ?" "Partially, dear ; in fact the pressure was three-fold in character. I had no longer employment here ; I had incurred your father's lasting enmity by my bold presumption in asking {or thc band of bis daughter, and in the call of our country to arma 1 see the opportunity to reach out and grasp a name and fame to proudly lay at thc feet of uiy lady love in thc broad light of day." " I would be false to both my country and the confidence you repose in me. Charles, were I to say yo« say, hst how can I give you up to thc cruel chances of war ! Oh, Charley, Charley !" and she again burst into tears. "Do not make tho wretchedness of our parting any more poiguant in its anguish, dear, than necessary. I go to win a name you will yet he proud to boar, oiy own plighted wife, and remember Love turns naide tho balls that round me fly. Lest precious tears sbould full from those bright eyes. " When do you go, dear ?" " To-morrow wo march for Washington to join McClellan, and though I only enlisted this morning 1 have already boen promotod, and am now Corporal Abbott, at your service," and iu mock humility bc brought his hand to thc salute, " You see my former experienco in tho militia has taught mo tho manual and general outlines of thc 'pomp and circum- stances of glorious war,' so that, mercifully preserved by the thoughts of ' tho girl I left uchiud me, through tho ordeal I coter upon I can return and claim your hand from the band that atruck thia cruel blow, and your father will gladly consent to what bc now treats with insult and contempt." "Then go ! with this high ambition in your heart, my brave knight, go where duty calls, and I shall think and work and pray for the hour that will come to again unite us. Go, my hero lover ! who for my sako has borne shame aud insult. Go, and remember ' thc girl you leave behind you * will prove herself worthy of being a soldier's bride ! But 0, Charlie, Charlie, it's hard to bear !" "Farewell, sweet one, farewell, and if you fail to hear from mo amid the din of battle, remember that as you have vowed, so vow I, that for you and you alone I live and labour up- ward till I win a name worthy of the girl I leave behind mc." Leaving these loving souls to say their last farewells, and renew their vows of mutual fidelity to each other, wc will dwell a moment on the personnel of the actors in our little drama. Admitting that to write a " soldier story," so long after the war, is a Bort of literary outrage upon the good nature of the gentle reader, still, as the incident about to be related has never before appeared in print, we may be pardoned for its introduction at this late day. The scene of the above dialogue is located in Central park, New York, the time nine o'clock one evening in the month of June, 1862, Charles Abbott, the hero of our sketch, was just entering upon his twenty-third year, of fine personal appearance, and an education fitting bim for any sphere of useful activity. Left an orphan at an early age, he was taken in charge by a friend of lu's father, or rather by one whom his father had largely befriended when wealth and influence was his. But, like many others, his wealth had forsaken him. A series of misfortunes had quickly followed, till st last Hiram Abbott, the once respected and wealahy steamboat owner, succumbed to the continued blows of hard fortune, and died wifeless and childless, save in this one boy who inherited nothing eave his father's good name and empty purso. The bequest of Hiram Abbott's death-bed, in the person of his only child to his once ;lerk and now well-to-do friend Roderick Ashton, waa by the latter received readily, and the promise thero made waa religiously kept, in so far as providing Charlee with a home and education, till as years crept on apace Mr. Ashton became rich and Charles Abbott occupied a stool tn his private office os confidential clerk at the time we write. Mr. Ashton was a widower with an only child, the gentle Alice, who had grown up in daily intimacy aud association with her cousin Charley, as she had ever called bim, till on arriving at years of womanhood, she presented that all may be imagined as beautiful and fasci- nating in the most favoured type of American blonde loveliness. Two years the junior of Charles Abbott, she had followed closely after him in the studies of carly childhood, till at length the inevitable consequences took place in the two young people realizing a warm affection for each other, which had ripened into love. It is a little singular that Mr. Ashton, so keen and farsighted in business matters, could ' not have realised the result long ere it took place, and the very fact that he looked upon I this daily growing affection of the young people with an indifference apparently I bordering upon a tacit acquiescence therein, j emboldened Charles and Alice to believe that : when tho proper time arrived the fond father | of the latter would gadly give his consent to > the consummation of the nuptials of the , loving pair. But this was a thought farthest from the heart of the avaricious old merchant, who, in ' the budding beauty of his daughter. Baw alone tbe article to commerce, worth so many , thousands, and an additional accumulation to ¡ hiB already large fortune. His ambition for Alice was to wed her to wealth, and by that action wed the wealth thuBsecured to hisown, and thus feed hie hourly increasing yearning after social, pecuniary, and political power, j This dream all round was at last rudely broken in upon the candid avowal of Charles to Mr. Ashson, followed by the scene of violence and ioBult, briefly hinted at in the foregoing lines, in which Charlea was ignominiously ordered from the home of his childhood, taunted with his combined poverty and presumption, and ordered never to return. The late war was at the time raging in all its fury; still, one thing the reader may surmise with possible pleasure, viz. : that this narrative is not designed to rehash some old oft-told story of battle, march, or bivouac, and will only relate the fact already intimated, that from the office «if Roderick Ashton, from which he had been driven, Charlee Abbott went at once to the recruiting depot of the gallant lOGth N.Y.8.I., where he enlisted as a private, to almost immediately march to join the regiment then forming a part of McClellan's command on the Potomac. Fortunately, the officers in the depot knew Charles Abbott intimately, and though surprised at his free offering of himself as " high private,"still gave him a hearty welcome and the chevrons of a corporal. These were days of quick action in the time when the fate of his nation hung trembling in the balance, as some of thc readers of tliiB little sketch kuow by dear bought experience. Fortunes were made and lost in a single hour ; wealth was lavishly poured out, and blood ran from the best veins in rivers ; bullets were fired with such long range accuracy that they found a lodgement, from youdcr southtm battle-field in the Michigan or New England woodland home, where yet they rankle and fester in the bosom of some loving wife or mother after passing through that of husband or son. And the gloomy years rolled by with their skies burdened with thc clouds of doubt and indecision, and still the north rolled up their stream of lifo and gold in a torrent of exhautless prolusion against their southern brethcrn who-whatever their faults, or however wrong the principles for which they fought-fought well. | For some time after bis departure from New York, Charles Abbott had written regularly to Alice, the lost letter written after the ead day of Manassas Junction i nforming her of his safoty and promotion to the captaincy of his company ; after that she heard nothing further. Only those who doy after day haye gone to the post, on the arrival of each mail, seeking tidings of the loved ones, can appreciate thc anxiety with which Alice waited for the letter that never came ! Roderick Ashton in thc meanwhile was : daily increasing in wealth, and saw in the lucrative army contracts rolling into his office, a corresponding rolling in of wealth, that had already made him a millionaire. Long ere this his friend Martaiu Dinkclton had become his partucr iu business, and the firm of I Ashton & Dinkclton was well known for tho gigantic character of its contract operations. Rut the gay and festive Dinkclton, however successful he might have been with army officers in gathering in large contracts for "satted horse" and "shoddy," failed cgrcgriously in all bis attempts to close a contract with Alice Ashton, even though backed up by the stern behest of parental authority. She simply hated him ! Finally, the wiuuing card on which thc firm bad staked so much iu tho past changed colour, and reverses came. " Hush money " had on various occasions to be lavishly expended to keep some very questionable transactions from coming to the surface, and spectulations rife with golden promise proved to bc but " dead sea fruit" in the grasp, and swept away millions, till finally Mr. Ashton found himself on tho verge of ruin. And still, strange to say, Martain Dinkclton, his whilom partner, had cautiously retired ere the blow fell from thc partnership with a prodigious fortune, .nakina as his principal excuse for so doing, thc failure of his efforts to win Alice to be bis wife-a fact by tho way which had constituted a highly important factor in the drawing up of thc papers by which the firm had been cemented together in thc first place. Thus in thu early spring of 1805, Roderick Ashton, after amassing untold wealth, awoke one morning to know be was a bankrupt and worse. Over his head by the single hair hung the sword of Damocles, that with its fall would instantly sever honour and life long integrity, and leave him a dishonoured beggar where once be had stood a merchant prince 1 But space forbids further reference to causes and reasons for the rapid evaporation of princely fortunes in those days, and thc honest biographer only pauses to say : 1)1 fares tho land to bast'nüur Ills a prey. Where wealth accumulates and men decay. The news of Lincoln's assassination was ringing through the land. Men were still pale with peut up anger, as impotent as it was terrible, and women's eyes were still wet with dewy tears shed over the martyred president, when in deep consulation iu one of the rooms of a palatial residence in New York, sat two men. The room-a cross between a study and I an office-was fitted up with tho best appointments for case and business combined. The conversation between the two was carried on in whispers, and from the blanched face and trembling hand of one of the persons it was evident that thc revelations imparted by the other were of the most momentous character. The men were Ashton and his former partner, Dinkelton. " And you positively assert, Dinkelton, that the whole affair is blown ?" " Worse, Ashton, worse ! The names of moBt of you chaps implicated are even now in the handB of the secret service department at Washington." " How could that cursed idiot Booth have been such a consummate ass as to throw asido the strict orders ho had received to stick to tho kidnaping plan, substitutiug for it this wretched blunder of public murder ?" " Can't say, Ashton ; only it would be well for you if you were safely seated in the Rossen house, Toronto, to-night in place of here." " Why they cannot prove anything against me, Dinkelton, unless you blow upon me, for all my transactions have been done under an assumed name." "Yes, but that assumed name is io my possession, Ashton, and I propose to use it to my own advantage," " What ! Good God, Dinkelton, you don't mean to say you would betray what has enabled you to retire from the business rich, while I to-day am a criminal beggar !" " Look here Ashton nothing can be proven against me, while you are in the mire clean up to your elbows." " Well, admitted that I am, what do you mean by insinuating that you could make use of my alias ?" "Ashton, business is business. Didn't I warn you to keep clear of that censpiracy to kidnap Lincoln and Seward ! I knew what it would amount to with Buch hot-heads ai Booth and the rest of them." "I know you did; but then things were desperate, and the action would have turned everything in favour and given me a cool two millions on the confederate bonds I held, can't you see !" "See? Yoe. I see that you have made a precious mess of the whole matter. But I have a proposition to make. You are in my hands, Ashton, and I can put the rope round your neck to-morrow if I-don't put your hand in that drawer, my friend, for I nave a cocked revolver in my coat pocket. Now, listen to me. I can get you out by a little hard swearing, and will do it on one condition." " Name it." " Your daughter fer roy wife to-morrow." " Impossible ; Bhe will not take you." " All right ; then her father will hang the day after. " Dinkelton, you know I gave you every chance to wiu her-" " And I failed, you will Bay. Well, now I tell you plainly that yon must force her to wed me by showing her that I alone can save you from the grasp of the hangman." " Good God, can all this be real or some horrible dream !" " Real, Mr. Ashton, real, as I fear you will find it to your cost ; so act os you think fit, only remember that I alone can save you. Good night." The old man bowed his head on the table and sobbed in bis agony, while the other with a Bneer looked upon him for a moment, and, turning on his heel, departed. O what a tangled web we weave, When ürst we practice to deceive. " Say no more, father ! To save you I will marry Mr. Dinkelton-yes, were he that arch devil, Booth, himself, I would stand between you and this awful alternative." "Thanks, my child," whimpered the old man, who seemed to have aged twenty years since the previouB night, "but the marriage must take place to-day. I know, you hard- hearted girl, that you do this unwillingly, for your mind is ever upon tbs possible return of that ingrate. Abbott, who won you but to trifle with you." " Call him not ingrate, father; he is mine and I am his forever ; and though I give this poor body to save you, father, my soul's affections are Charles Abbott's." "Then your soul's affections, Alice, are in the nameless grave where your lover for over two years has slept !" " Dear father, say not so ! ' she cried, wringing her hands in agony. "Yes, he died in Libby prisión two years ago !" " And I never to know it !" " I kept it from you to save you pain, my child," whined the old man. " Go, father, go ! leave mc alone. I am BO wretched ! O ! so wretched 1" I " I go, my dear ; thanks to you, my saviour j child!" and with the closing of the door came tho heart-broken wail, "Ol Charley! Charley !" The palatial residence of Roderick Ashton, Esq., gave forth no outward token that the only daughter of the supposed millionaire was that evening to wed the merchant nabob, Hon. Martin Diiikolton. In the gorgeous drawiug- . room were gathered a few of tho most intimate I friends of tho two families to witness the I ceremony performed by an eminent divine of j New York. Dressed in thc gay conventional dress of twenty-one, the bridegroom of sixty five Btood side by side with the girl about to be immolated upon the altar of (filial duty. ' Sho was plainly dressed in a garment of white, her face alone being whiter, without ribbon or jewel, it being her only expressed wish that the sacrifica to duty should be as simple as possible. ! The father thus Baved from the scaffold by thc immolation of his child stood trembling by, wbilo the grouped guests seemed from their looks to be assisting at the obsequies of the poor girl rather than at her wedding. Thc minister had just opened his book to commence the marriage ritual when the blare of a military band was heard borne through thc open windows playing the well-known march, " The Girl I Left Behind Me." The first indicatiun of life given by Alice Ashton was as this familiar air was heard, so suggestive to her, and a great pent-up sob of anguish came bursting forth from her breaking heart. "Proceed, sir, with the ceremony," snarled the bridegroom. The minister again attempted to speak, when ho was once more interrupted, this time by a voico from thc rear of tho marriage circle. "Alice !" AU turned at once to see where thc voico proceeded from, and beheld a soldier resting upon cructhes. An old, ragged, blue army overcoat enveloped hiB person, while a blood- stained cloth was bound about his brow. He j gazed steadfast at the bride, his pale face betraying only grief, not anger nor reproach. "Alice!" agaia issued from his bloodless lips. The momentary astonishment at the intrusion quickly subsided. " Wuat the devil do you want here, you ragamuffin ?" roared the bridegroom. The 8tsanger thew down his crutches and advanced to the side of the terrified girl, who, with dilated eyes, stood stood staring at the apparition as though Bhe saw a ghost newly arisen from the tomb. " Alice, is it thus we meet ?" he asked. " Charlie 1 Charlie 1 Bave me, save me I save-" and she fell fainting in the arms of the ragged soldier. "Charles Abbott, by all thst's gracious 1" shouted Dinkelton, starting back. "Charles Abbott, you scoundrel, unhand my daughter !" cried Ashton, making a frantic grasp at the old overcoat. Poor old coat, it had seen too much service to stand such a wrench as it then received, and coming apart discovered beneath it the rich uniform of a general in tho uuiou army ! Again sublime astonishment reigned supreme and the tableau was a perfect picture. "Col. Abbott-Gen. Abbott-what-what -what-does-doos this mean ; will you be good enough to explain ?" faltered Mr. Ashton, as be stood trembling with one- half of the old blue coat in his hand. "Gen. Abbott W-, at your service, sir. I have served my country under the name my mother bore when a girl," and removing tba bandage from his brow Charles Abbott stood revealed. Alice here opened her eyes and found herself in the arms of him she had long mournod as dead, but Bhe was yet speechless. "What ! not Gen. W-, of the quarter- master's department," cried Diukelton. "Thesame. Mr. Dinkelton; a fact which you will probably bave serious occasion to better know ere you are many hours older, sir. But do not let me interrupt the ceremony further, gentlemen ; I only wished for one last look at ' the girl I left behind me,' false as she be, only one last kiss thus-and now, false woman, farewell for ever. You, that could so easily forget your troth and sell your body and soul to yonder traitorous carrion, aro uot fit to be a soldier's wife. And so I bid you farewell," and Charles, for he it was, made an effort to release her. But no ; she clung to Jiim with the tenacity of death, rinding at lost voice to cry : " Charley, Charley, my own love 1 I never was false. I have been true to you always, but they told me you perished in Libby prisión two years ago. 0, why did you not write to me, tell me darling?" "I did, Alice. Nota month has passed that I did not send you a letter. Can it be that you have not received them ?" " None, not a letter but two Bince you left me. 0, savo me, Charley, save me 1" "Ab, some more deviltry here, is there? How is this, Mr. Ashton? My letters were all directed in your care." " 1-1 will fully explain, General, but not here if you please. 1 can make all satisfactory, please come thia way." Martain Dinkelton, seeing that aU was lost, was by this time sneaking through the door when General W-, cried : " Sentry, arrest that man aud take him to the provost marshal's quarters." " Yea, general. Here yon, sir, you hear the orders. Hight about face, march !" " And now, Alice dear, forgive my rudeness and the fright I gave you, but I thought you were false to me, and acted accordingly. Can you forgive me ?" " Yes, darling, my own again, yes. O, I sui so happy, tor you have saved me from worse than death. Can you-can you Bave-" " I know what you mean, dear ; bush ! not another word. I can save your father, and will." " Dearly beloved," said the cleryman, "it is hardly my place to suggest, but seeing the condition of things as they now present themselves, I would just hint that aU conditions being favourable the-" " Wedding proceed with the newly found bridegroom," continued Gen. W-. "What say you, Alice, dear?" The look of unutterable joy that at the words irradiated her beautiful face, was answer enough, and hand in hand they stood before the divine, who quickly made of the long separated twain one flesh, and the gallant soldier thus won " tbe girl he left behind him." It is needless to say they were happy ! They are happy to-day, and the beautiful group of American boys and girls who call Charles and Alice with pride "father and mother," are Bure indications of the fact. Everything was fully explained. The letters of course bad been destroyed by Alice's father immediately on the receipt, leaviug the poor girl in ignorance of the existence of Charles Abbott, who by the change of his name rendered all possibility of his identification by her possible. Further investigation showed a dirty mess all arouud, so much that a compromise was effected with Diukelton by which the matter of Mr. Ashton's association with the I conspirators was bushed up, to nomore appear ' against him, and, dying the following year, bia follies were covered by the grave sod, where uft hos fallen the tear of affection from the eyes of Alice. We regret to add that Hon. Martin Dinkelton has been twice returned to congress, but about eight years ago died and was buried with aU the honours due a worthy statesman, from an admiring and grateful constituency.- Detroit Echo. THE young lady in the novel who " tripped lightly down the stairs " to meet her lover used court-plaster for ber injuries. A BROTHER arose in a weekly prayer meeting in New Jersey and said, " Brethren, when 1 consider the shortness of life, I feel aB if I might be taken away s-iddenly, like a thief in the night." 