•' KOSES AND HOLLY,. Chapter II. ■ Only once or twice, in specially romantic . places, among the rocks of Fakiae, on the | green flower-sprinkled cliffs between Arro manches and Asnelles, looking- do wn over a blue and purple sea, Jenny seemed to feel" a sudden check on her light-hearted iiess, She glanced at ber brother, and saw that he had -not forgotten the hotel .at Rouen, the two fascinating travellers- who had crossed their path there, the bunch of red roses , that had gone away in Stella's ■ own hand. . ■ < ■ It is hardly necessary to, say. that Jack and Jenny, going hack to England with the full expectation of meeting their friends again at once in that small country, were disappointed, and did not see or hear of them, at all. Each of them privately , watched the papers for the announcement ; of Stella's marriage, but they never saw it. Jack spent Christmas at home his father was a small scpiire in the middle of England—and, a few days after, made a \ourney of some length to visit his; god father, Mr. Wolfe, an eccentric old bachelor, who- had always told him that be meant to leave him nothing. Jack did not mind much, though he could not quite agree with Mr. Wolfe that having enough to live on. must be^ certain ruin to a young man. He knew little of his god father, and did not like him. His visits to him were few and far . between, _ and he would willingly have avoided him alto gether, but his mother always rejoiced so much when Mr. Wolfe's invitations came, tbat Jack could not find it in his heart to refuse them. Coldfield Court had attractions of its own, independent of its master. It was a fine old red-brick house, standing high in the. middle of a wild, sandy, picturesque park. There were acres of- gorse and heather and fern-, there-were groups ami plantations of great hollies^ centuries^ old, bordering large pools, delightful either for!skating or fishing. Nearer the house there was a noble avenue of oaks. Mr. Wolfe preserved strictly, and the park was full1 of game. Jack's visits there had generally been in the shooting season, and it was pleasant at anyrate to-remember the long days he had spent wandering about withhisold friend the keeper. Mr. Wolfe seldom went out himself, being-often ill and always nervous. When Jack arrived on this occasion, about 5-o'clock in the afternooD, the butler told him tbat his master wished-, to see him at once,.and took him through some gloomy passages to a large, high, darkly-furnished room, where Mr. Wolfe, small andpineked, and not unlike a weasel, was-sitting by th9 tire in his dressing-gown. He received Jack kindly, enquired for his father and mother, and; then looking him all over with his sharp, little eyes, asked whether he had brought any evening clothes* "To he sure I have," said Jack, rather surprised at the question. "Ah, that's a good thing, for I'm in a horrid fix," said Mr. Wolfe. "Ihave two ladies staying here, and nobody to enter tain them. However, if you are properly dressed, you can take my place very well." " Are not you well, enough to come down, sir ?" said Jack. " No, I'm not. Now, look here. I won't keep you long, but must have a little talk on business. Did you ever hear me speak of a distant cousin of mine who might have married me, but chose instead to marry a fellow called Manning ?'" J ack thought not. "Well, that doesn't matter. I forgave her, and she made me godfather to one of her daughters. You didn't know I had any godchildren besides yourself? Well, I have: only -this one. I think you would make a very good match. You are both as poor as church mice to begin with. Don't interrupt me. If you marry Victoria Manning I shall leave each of you fifty thousand pounds, and throw in this place into the bargain. You won't have long to wait.' I shall not be alive next Christmas. What are you jumping about for?" Jack sprang to his feet, and came a few steps hearer to the old man. " It's impossible," he began. "Justsit down again, you blundering fellow, will you, and listen to me cried Mr. Wolfe in his peevish high-pitched .voiced " Victoria has nothing to live upon, I tell you. Her mother has made an utter fool of herself, and the children are depen dent on her. They think a great deal of themselves, but they are next door to beCTQrars. A year ago the mother came here and explained it all to me. I told her that if* the girl would marry the husband I choee for her, I would do as I £ay—leave her fifty, thousand pounds. I sent her aWay with that proposition to her daughter. I suspect Miss Victoria was as troublesome as you are. But her mother wrote and told me that she bad made her promise one thing—to get entangled with - nobody else till she had seen the man i wished her to marry. That's enough. I know what mothers are. • We shall have no serious trouble with the young lady. I have not been able to arrange a meeting till now, for various reasons. A year is a-long time,"but her mother tells me she has kept her word. Wise; girl—as wise as she iB pretty, Master Jack; so now let us have your little outburst." Mr.' Wolfe'had talked himself into a good humor. Jack, on the contrary, had listened with deepening indignation. _ He tried to control himself, and not to snow his con tempt and disgust too strongly. " I could not possibly agree to such au arrangement," he said, " even if I were going;to starve, which I am not. You told me lone ago that you meant to leave ma nothing. Keep to that please. Leave it all !ta the young lady. I cannot have anything to do with it." "No," said Mr. Wolfe, "I mean to act fairly by you both, and to know at the same time where my money is going. I have no relations. Unless you marry neither of vou will touch a. penny of it. I shall leave it all to charities. Money is a great power," he went - on, rubbing his hands.' "One can play with lives like chessmen when one has money enough. Come, you won't be so unfeeling as to con demn Miss Manning to poverty when her fortune depends on no one but you?" Jack stared at him; he was somehow fascinated hv the little yellow, wrinkled man. He thought he might be the Evil Spirit himself, sitting crouched up there tempting him to sell his soul for this splen did share of money and lands. It was terrible; but there was not any failing in his resolution. The idea of being taken up and used by such a man as this was more and more odious to him. Mr. Wolfe sat there in the firelight and watched him with . twinkling eye3. He thought Jack was yielding, but he was mistaken. After a long pause the young man spoke. " I tell you again, sir, it is impossible." "A word only to be found in the dic tionary of fools," Mr. Wolfe quoted from a man not more scrupulous than himself. " Of course I did not expect you to agree at once. Besides, if you did agree,.the matter would not he settled. There is the young lady to please, you must remember. I have no doubt of your admiring her, but it is quite on the cards tbat she may not admire you. However, that will soon be decided." . "You don't understand me," said .Tack, frowning. " I decline to enter into the affair at all, in any way. What you do, or don't do, with your money is nothing to ma. I never expected it, and I won't have' it. I won't touch it." : " If you and Victoria Manning like each other, you will have it," said Mr. "I don't want to see Miss- Manning'" protested Jack;■ " you nraet find sewae other fellow, if yon can. With such a condition, though, every man I know would answer you aar-I do " . " Y on- must have a very soft set of friends," said Mr .-Wolfe, grinning hide ously. "And a rude and ungrateful set, too." Jack blushed. "Ofcourse you mean kindly, sir," ho began. "Nevermind what I mean. J mean to make my will in a day or two. By-the bye, if you don't wish to see Miss Manning, you most go away to-night, for she and her mother are staying here-. But, of course, with your sentiments I can't ask you- to entertain them." " You are putting me ib-an awf ully awk ward position," said Jack. "It is all your own fault. They dou't know who you are. I did not tell them in so many words that you were coming, and they have never heard your name. Now, behave decently for once. Go down stairs and make yourself as pleasant as you can." Jack gave in to this, after a minute s hesitation. If these ladies did1 not actually know him to be tbe hero of Mr. Wolfe's plan, he thought there nsed not be any paitiaulai awkwardness is his meet ing them, It was not in hia nature to he reserved and out of temper; he liked the society of women, and it must he confessed that he felt rather curious to see; Mr . Wolfe's god- daughter. Also, he was very hungry. His journey had been fol lowed by a long drive from the station, and he saw no prospect of ■■ dinner, except with the ladies who were staying in the house. He thought, altogether, it was the strangest adventure he had ever known/ He felt a sort of excitement all the time he was dressing for dinner, and as he went down the!dark old staircase his heart was- beating faster than it had ever done since that day in th8-Rouen hotel, six months ago, when he chose the rosebud for Stella to wear. He wondered why he should think of Stella thai evening, when he had so wisely re solved not to think of her at all, and to bury that fancy in oblivion. No one, not even Jenny, knew how much and how often he thought of her. As Jack crossed the hall to the seldom used drawing-room, he saw that the old family portraits, and the carved cabinets, and helmets, and stag's heads, were all crowned and garlanded with holly, shining out against the brown walls. He supposed that this had been done in honor of Air. Wolfe's Christmas visitors, for certainly there was little Christmas joy about the old ;man himself. Then he pushed open one of the double doors that led into the drawing-room. A great desolate flaring room it was, quite dazzling, as he walked in from the softer light of the hall. Two chandeliers and a blazing fire were reflected in several large mirrors; the white-and goldi chairs were set round stiffly on a carpet of brilliant colors. Here also were holly and ivy, wreathing the pictures and the mirror-frames. By the fire there was , a loxig high-hacked sofa, on which a lady I was fitting, dressed in white and pink, with a feather screen in her hand. She sat motionless, and gazed in the strangest way at the young man as he came in. Jack looked remarkably well in his evening clothes. They gave just the touch of elegance that was wanted to his handsome bronzed face and tall strong figure. His eyes were bright and eager; he came into the room with a. graceful con fidence, as if he were sure of making a good impression. The fact was,, that beyond the claims of a little personal vanity, which he shared with other young men, Jack did not much care what impression he made i.n these ladies, fie had been shy enough at Kouen, with the charming strangers there; and even now his self-complacency did not last very long. The lady on the sofa looked pale and worn, and unhappy. But when her eyes fell on Jack, her face took first an expres sion -of bewilderment, then of extreme, unbelieving amazement. She colored deeply, and stood up, dropping her senreen as. she did so. She stood there in a. blaze; of light and looked at Jack, who stopped short in equal confusion on his way across th8 room. Two thoughts flashed into his brain, the second losing itself for a moment in the wonder of the first. "It is Stella ! "What can this mean?" Be could not collect himself at once; but the occasion seemed even more over whelming to her than to him. She did not speak, or step forward; she turned away her face, and stooped to pick up the screen at her feet. Was it Stella, or an appari tion? Jack wondered whether _ he had suddenly gone mad, and was beginning to see visions created by his own brain. But he felt he must speak to her. He walked slowly towards her, gazing at her all the time. ■ She would not meet his eves. But she was certainly a real woman; a vision never! flushed and trembled in that very human way. Jack suddenly spoke, his voice had an unnatural sound in it; but that was better than silence. " Am I in an enchanted palace ? And is it you, Miss Meyrick, or your ghost ?' Stella seemed to recover herself with a little start. She laughed oddly and ner vously, and held out her hand. "I thought it was you," she said; "but I really could not believe my eyes, for you are the very last person I should have ex pected to see. Yes, I rather think the place is enchanted, and Mr. Wolfe is j ast like a little old wizard, isn't he ? " "But how do you come to be here?" said Jack, painfully conscious, of a mystery. " Do I seem curious—but it is so amazing. 1 thought he said there were only two ladies ! here — Mrs. and' Miss—;—ho stopped, for somehow the name stuck in his throat. He looked appealingly at Stella, but her eyes were.fixed on her bracelet, which she was twisting uneasily round and round. <> jfor goodness sake, explain it all to me! I am'perfectly mystified," he said. Stella would not look at him. She shook her head, and drew a quick breath. Jack was filled with agony, for he saw a tear fall and sparkle on the bracelet. " What have I. said ?" he muttered. " Who did you say—what name—you expected to find here asked Stella in a low voice. "Miss Manning. Is she here ? Do you 1 like her V' " Yes, she is here. No,l can't endure her. She is perfectly odious," Stella answered more decidedly. " I think she must be," said Jack, half to himself. "You would not believe, Miss Meyrick, what an awful, disgraceful fix my old godfather has been trying to put me in. But perhaps you have heard of it already-?" Stella bent her head. "Do you mind letting me know who told you.?" - Stella hesitated a moment. Then she answered so low that Jack could hardly hear her: " Miss Manning's mother. But I did not know it was you." " It won't be me, thnt is quite certain," said Jack cheerfully. He was doing his best to feel as if all was right and natural, as if he-need not be so immeasurably surprised at meeting Stella there. He could not help seeing that her manner was extremely add, so odd that if it had not been for their mutual recognition, he could, hardly have believed.it was bersslf, the cool, indifferent, sslf-possessed Miss Meyrick. Ha wondered if this strangeness could be caused by her , sister's having told her of his hopeless ad miration. Surely not; she must be too well, used to hearing of her conquests. He talked, on bravely, Stella scarcely answering him, till somebody else came into, the room,. Stella did not look up, but sat shading her face with the 'screen. Jack turned his head anxiously. Who was coming now ? It was a tall woman in black—Mrs. Meyrick, as be at once,knew! She also recognised himshe turned a little pale as she smilingly shook hands with him, and glanced at her daughter. The next .mo ment dinner was announced. It seemed that no more ladies were expected to ap ' pear. Poor Jack was so utterly mystified j that he gave up the hope of ever fathoming 1 the mystery, offered his arm to Mrs. Meyrick, and led her into the dining-room Mrs. Meyrick, fortunately, was less over whelmed than her daughter by this un locked for meeting. She talked per severingly to Jack, while Stella remained*, silent. She apparently could not even pretend an interest in-foreign tours, skating, dancing, theatres, any of the subjects that her mother and Jack' were so jjbusilv ex hausting. It was not till dinner was over, and the ladies were hack in the drawing room, that she suddenly recovered her speech. " This is a nice end to it- all, mamma," she said. "I always wanted1 you to insist on, knowing the man's name; Of course by this time he - understands; but before you came down be told me about the ' dis graceful fix,' as he very- rightly called it, and how resolved'he was-to - have nothing to do with it. ©f course, it' is-disgraceful, and we have lowered ourselves beyond measure1 by ever listening to Mr. Wolfe for a moment. How I'hope yon will agree with me. We must get away from this horrid place to-morrow morning. The thing has settled itself most wonderfully." " What do you mean ?" said Mrs. Mey rick. " Did not he know who you were ?" "No ! he expected to see Miss Manning. He had no idea that my name was not the same as yours. Nothing more dreadful could possibly have happened " " But, my dear child,- he admires you j verjr much; and you -always said how much you liked him," "He hates Miss Manning," said Stella. " He hates a girl that could have lent her self to such a plan—he said as much, and I agreed with him." " What a terrible -pity," said Mrs. Mey rick, walking up and down the room. "Really, Victoria, your prejudices—I see nothing disgraceful in the plan. I never did; Such arrangements are constantly made in other countries. This-has been badly managed, certainly. But with such consequence depending on it; so Important* to you—well, it is really a dreadful busi ness. Mr. Wolfe asked me to go - and see him after dinner. I must tell him of the former acquaintance. I shan't mention any doubts yet, because I really think— and he would he so sadly, disappointed, poor man." She hurried out of the room, Stella hesitated a moment whether she also should disappear. She doubted whether Jack would think it his-duty to join them. If lie did, she almost-thought she would like to have it out with him, to ask. him to forget the whole affair, to tell him that they were going away to- morrow, and that she was only anxious for Mr. Wolfe to he disappointed. She had never known how hateful the plan had been,.till she saw Jack's feeling about it in his- honest face that evening. Had fortune-seekers, she asked herself, ever such. a. lesson before ? Jack in the msanwhile had left the- dining room and gone out into the moonlit evening, to think things over with a-cigar; Afresh breeze was blowing, the oaks were shaking their great arms under a sky of myste rious, silver light, over which flocks-of white clouds- were driving. He could not help understanding it all. Nothing needed explanation now, except the- difference of names. It was- he,, himself, to whom Stella had been " as good as engaged" in the summer. It all tallied with what Mr. Wolfe bad told- him. The whole thing was like a strange exciting dream. Jack, whose clear",young mind preferred realities, was determined-to- bring the dream to an end, one. way or another. He loved Stella— this hew glimpse of her had taught him how much—and it would have been only too easy for him now to enter into his god father's plan. But he hated the plan as strongly as ever, and he believed that she hated it too. He-walked into the drawing-room look ing Very grave and determined. Stella, who was sitting there alone, glanced up at him and saw that he had made some reso lution. She felt almost afraid of him; her shy young admirer seemed to have de veloped into a grand moralist, and shs too heartily wished that this ordeal were over. He came and stood silently by the fire for a moment, leaning against the corner of the chimney-piece. Stella made an effort and spoke to him. " Mr. Falconer, we had no wish to deceive you. My mother has been married twice her second husband was Mr. Meyrick. My sister and I—our name is Manning. You understand it all now, don't you ?" " I suppose I do," said Jack. . " You are disappointed in us," Stella went on; her voice trembling. "You would not have thought, nor should I—I hate myself, as I told you. But when people want money, -and find it hard to keep up appearances, you a e what they will condescend to." . "It was your mother's doit not yours," said Jack. "You must not blame my poor mother entirely. I will tell you in confidence my sister and I had good fortunes, but while we were under age Mr. Meyrick-got them into his hands. He was extravagant, and somehow they disappeared. Of course my mother suffered a great deal,-and this freak of Mr; Wolfe's seemed to her a chance; but it is a horrid subject, and I have no wish ever, to allude to it again. We are going away to-morrow morning,"' said Stella, getting up, and l ean only hope that you will soon forget us," . Stella'had never, in Jack's short acquaint-, ancewith her, looked so lovely as she did just then. The slight coldness and indif ference that sometimes, spoiled her manner had disappeared; she was flushed and agitated; and her eyes were shining with a wonderful light. Jack felt that his prin ciple were failing as he looked at her; or rather; he forgot Mr. Wolfe, plan and principles altogether. Mr. Wolfe might, perhaps, have calculated on something of the kind. "Forget you!" said. Jack rather bitterly. " When you have been my one thoughtfor the last six months, am I likely to forget you?:' A pained look came into Stella's face. She put up her hand, as if to silence him. " What are you saying ?" she murmured under her breath. "I can't help it," said Jack. " We called you Stella—my star, you must listen, to me. It's no use thinking that I can go away, and live without you- Don't you see, dear, how fate has meant us for each other all along ?'' ■ Stella did not contradict him. She let him come near and take hold of her hands; she let: him talk on for a few moments, telling her things that she had partly kno wn all along. • j ' ' _ . - Then she drew her hands from his, and, made a step backwards, looking at him with a sadness that checked his eager. words. "You forget," she said, "you-are for- | gettiDg everything. You are doing what ! you vowed you would not do. Nothing 13 changed. I am that horrid, worldly, mer cenary _ gixl by whose consent you wore drawn into this' disgraceful fix.' Y ou wish to please Mr. Wolfe, to degrade yourself by following out his plan! Oh, I could not have believed it!" ; 4< Look here, you need not laugh at me," said Jack almost furiously. "I wish old Wolfe and all his money were at the bottom of the sea. What are" we to do, if he will leave it to us F. We can't hate each other because of that. Oanwe?"" "I have made up'my mind," said Stella. "If you can reconcile'youraelf to the bar gain now, I can't. No, I can't—it is no use asking me. I have deserved this. Oh,, j. don't you know how P Find out for your self then, and go away. Thie I tell you— neither of us shall touch that money. You; shall not sell yourself for my sake. And I won't sell myself, 8ven for yours." . " Even for mine!-" That was indeed1 a> text for Jask to speak: upon. • , , JEIe made Stella confess that, ever since she saw him at Rouen, her bondage had \ been more painful to her; in. fact,.. she y had never thought about it or minded- it ) much before. She know she ought to have withdrawn the promise- to her mother, but 11 she never expected to see Jack again, and guessed that he like herself was hopelessly poor, and thought this arrangement of her., godfather's would be " bread, if not'angel's food." ^ And now she had'found her punish ment in Jack's horror cf the plan and of herself for joining in it. It was no. use his pleading and persuading, wishing to unsay all he had said before. At the bottom of his heart he still hated the plan, that he could not deny, but yet, now that it meant riohe3 and happiness for- Stella, its face was changed, and Mr. Wolfe seemed to bo turned suddenly from a wicked wizard into a friendly magician. But Stella did not think, so. AU Jack's resolved prejudice had passed into her. Shs would not listen to any of his argu ments. 0 , "Tell me this, then," said Jack at last; " if neither of us had the- prospect of a penny, what would you say tome ? Would you drive me away as cruelly- as you are doing now ?" " What is the use of talking about what can't- happen ?" said Stella, " When the time comes, we shall see. As it is, Mr. Wolfe has built up a barrier-which nobody can.break down." It-seemed indeed to Jask, as be wan dered about that night—for^it- was impos sible to sleep—that his old'godfather had ruined his happiness most efactually. Stella would never consent, he knew she never would, if she was to become-at once Jack's wife and Mr. Wolfe-3- heiress. He loved her all the better for it, and yet he waa.rn the depths of missry, and .racked his brains for hours to find his- way out of this-dilemma. A young man plotting to avoid a legacy of fifty thousand pounds I It was a curious phenomenon. At last the morning came,.grey, and wild and misty, a.gleam of sunshine- darting in and- lighting the old hall as- Jack cam©, down the stairs. There seemed to be a strange bustle in the house,.a- distant noise of-doors shutting quickly. Jack heard, somebody coming downstairs- after him he turned and saw that itt was- Stella, "pale, and very much excited. "Is mamma downstairs?" she 3rid.. "Have you seen her?- Have vou told her?" ^ Haven't you ?" said J&ck.; She looked at him wcnderingly. "I have only this instant heard," sh© said. "How awful.it is! Let me pass please, I must go to mamma. "But what is it?" said. Jack, taking her hand, as they stood together for a moment at the foot of the stairs. " Think of its ending like this!" cried Stella, with sudden tears, " Oh, poor man, he did mean kindly, by us. after all!" She would not stay to be questioned) and comforted, but hurried on towards the dining-room, Jack. turned in great bewilder ment to see the- old butler coming-with shaky steps along the hall. " He was a good-master to us," he said • and he too was- in. tears. Jack soon knew it all. The old man had gone into his master's room that morning and had found him dead. The ' busy scheming brain was at rest; and as • to the plans, and intentions, where were ' they! : ' There was great surprise in the country when it was known that Mr. Wolfe shrewd, prudent, money-loving man as he was always supposed to be, had; died without a will. He had no heir3, and. his whole property lapsed to the Grown. Many people were sadly disappointed, and? " among £ them Jack Falconer's father audi mother. He himself, never having expected: anything, was not disappointed.' He told the whole story to Jenny in confidence^ she thought it almost as strange as any ' ■ story in a book. ' ' Mrs. Meyrick and her daughter had left \ Coldfiela Court at once, hut Stella had given Jack their address. They were living in a very small house .in a fashionable London suburb, as people live who feel that they ought to be rich, and will not let themselves fall into any of the ways of poverty. There Jack appeared in February much to Mrs.-Meyrick's consternation. If ' it had been her plain and , excellent . daughter Lucy, she would not have minded : so much, but her only hope for their future fortunes wa3 in Victoria's attractiveness, / and that she should throw herself away ou. a young man of such moderate prospects " was a spiteful trick of fate indeed-. Jack- j had got an agency in "Wales, of which ha was very proud, hut Mrs. Meyrick thought ' this was only.a polite synonym for a life of Vi moping , starvation. Still she. was. an, : affectionate woman, and did'hot make' •• herself -disagreeable' to the'two^ young ? people, who were bent on having, their own ? way. j Only one day, when' she found Jack and her daughter together, talking* pver their future "plans, they' succeeded in ex- i hausting her stock of patience. .. " "Mamma," said Stella, "Jack and I have -v just agreed that, after all, poor Mr. Wolfe >: was our greatest benefactor.. We wouldn't./ have his money, don't you see, and as long -j as he lived we could not escape from -the I danger of it.. So-—" • i. " My .dear child, you and Jack - are only 4 fit for a lunatic asylum !" said Mrs. Meyrick, - and hastily leaving the room she slatamed i the door behind her, ........ v Jenny, told .me all this the othef day, i her eyes.dancing with delight at-'the happy j end of jack's little Rouen-: flirtation. -vl* wondered how it would'have been if-'Jack and Stella's first meeting had been at Gold field Court. I was inclined to think 'that things would have turned out just the same, but Jenny quite differed from'me;1; she thought Rouen and theroses had done -'" it all. ' i; ■' She is devoted to her beautiful sister-in law, who has informed her that Jack i'S the noblest fellow in the world. ' " I could have told her that," says Jenny Jack also has told his sister in confidence that there never lived a nobler'woman than Stella. - . 