JOTTINGS PROM FURTHER NORTH. By a Fcaneitb. i 'won't sat where ( I -went into the bar parlor (the publican had a permit to keep open tii^ 12 o'clock), and saw a man sitting in an easy chair. He looked tired and worn out. He was asleep ; his head was thrown back, and his arms carelessly hung over the aides of the chair. Good gracious ! he snored. Shall I disturb him ? thought I. No, I'll let him sleep on ; he has no doubt travelled many miles and ,,aaAe wwt. I will wait. ' Joe.' I said to the barman, ' draw me a pint of beer and empty a bottle of lemonade into it. Have a drink yourself, Joe, and take it out of *' this,' 1 said, giving him a two-shilling P1C' Right, sir,' said Joe. He took whisky ; he was Teiy fond of it. « How do you like the weather?' I asked. « Good for trade at all ?' ' Oh, pretty fairish ; nothing to complain of.' ' Well, here's fun, and a happy new year to 50a when it comes.' « Thanks,' said Joe, 'the same to you, and many of them. May your shadow never grow less, and may you never die till a dead mule kicks you.' . A. groan at that moment from the chair man— I mean the man in the chair—made me turn round. I thought he had woke up, and was going to ask him to have a drink. But W* I astonished. What! Were my eyes deceiving me, or was it a fact? It seemed true. Everything else I could see distinctly, even to the pewter pot I held m my hand— I could see that plainly. But lie had changed. His head of mixed white and-black hair had grown to snowy white .—white, did I say. Yes, and while I looked at him it seemed to change to a peculiar— well, ghastly paleness. My sight, surely, was gettiug dimmer. It couldn t be the lemonade-gaff 1 had 'got outside' ?of. I had drunk that for a long time, and had never been any the worse for it. Yet something was the matter. I appealed to Joe. ' Do you see, Joe ? Am I mistaken or do you see what 1 see ? What is the matter with our chairman ?' ' I dunno,' said Joe, ' I can't hardly see him. Perhaps it's the shadow of the moon that mates him look like that. Chuck up the blind.' , I did so, and returned to where 1 had been standing. , ' He is growing smaller, Joe ! It isn t a ghost, is it? This place ain't haunted, is it?' 'No, that I know of. I never knew any thing of this sort to happen before. -I feel jolly frightened. If you were not here I'd .go off my chump straight, Let's call the gaffer ?' ' Never mini 'the ^affeis Joe^j let swatch him. We haven't done him any ha*m» and he's growing too small to &o; usiany:' ' But supposing hie taepde com*««d aBk ?for him, end w- can't Sell v»*&te; he's gone ; what tngn P' 'Tell η *pkat you fa*; Via a wit ness.' 'Jolly /good jbfetw'wgpt K«?8 ifl tie befisoom doors,?'. ' What fime is it, Job f' ' Three minutes to 12 o'clock,' said 3oe, turning to the clock. 'Nearly the last of the old year gone.' As Joe said that the object seemed to give a shiver as if it was cold. u Can yon see it now,' said Joe ; ' I be blowed if I can. Open that door.' The clock gave the alarm that it was about to strike the hour. I hesitated a moment or two to look towards the chair before I opened the door. It had almost completely vanished before I reached the door. The clock commenced striking as I turned the key, for the door was locked. I turned the handle and opened the door jdst as the last stroke of 12 was heard. At the same time a gust of wind seemed to pass out, and the next moment a puff put out the lights. This was followed by a shrill laugh, and the greeting of the season ? ' A. happy New Year S' When I re turned to the bar door Joe lit a candle (the lamp glas3 was too hot to touch), and we both looked towards the chair. What do you think was there ? Why, the publican's little boy sitting comfortably in the arm chair beside tl\t- fireplace! Joe says he wasn't' tight,' and I'll swear I wasn't ; but if I never felt the old yea? go out that night may I ask every one to have a ' sixpenny drink'— at their own expense, of course. THE EAXtLY BIRDS CATCH THE WOEM. The members of Parliament have congre gated on North Terrace and separated again. A new Speaker has been elected in the room of the late Sir George Kingston, so that no one need want to know who is going to issue the writs for the forthcoming elections. As regards the coming men for Stanley it is still difficult to name them. Uncertainty still exists as to whether the Hon. Charles Mann is going to ' try again.' I have heard several cruel rumors anent his hesitation in deciding what to do. Some people say — and we know they say anything sometimes for the want of something better to do — that Charlie has his eye on the Solicitor Generalship, and that before he makes up his mind to choose between that office and the prospects of again ho Iding the Treasurer ship, he wants time to consider. How can they think so of our only member ? They have seen what a fix Mr. Boucaut's retire ment put Parliament into,. and they will surely not imagine that Mr. Mann thinks I there are plenty of men as good as he is to fill \ his post in the Ministry as ably as he has done, and that if he retires they can do without him. It was hard to reconcile our selves to the loss of such an able statesman as Mr. Boucaut; for goodness sake don't let us lose any more good men. In the event of Mr. Mann deciding to stand again for Stanley, I have only yet two to choose f l-cm as the other coming man, one of whom is certain to stand. The gentlemen whom I refer to are both worthy of a place inside our legislative hall, and are both local gentlemen who really know the country they wonlfl be legislating for if elected. I refer to Mr. Alfred Catt, of Gladstone, and Mr. J. Miller, of Crystal Brook. I am given to understand that the former gentleman has received an invitation from some influential gentlemen in Clare. This fact became known to Mr. Miller, who had a call from Lis own people, and both gentlemen had -a short interview on the subject. Mr. Alfred CJatt has for sometime been very indisposed, aad hie health returning, but at the game time not sufficiently restored to warrant his taking part in a most probably exciting election contest, did not give a decided an ^ swer, but has the matter still ' under con sideration.' Now, if Mr. Mann is coming out, the second vacancy will be either — as far I have heard— filled by Mr. Catt or Mr. Miller. If the Treasurer does not stand, it is probable that both lie gentlemen named will sail together. If, on the other hand, the Treasurer does stand and Mr. Catt declines, then Mr. Miller will comply with the request made to him. From what I can learn both Mr. Catt and Mr. Miller are strong advocates for payment of member?, as they hold that from the geographical position of the colony the various districts cftfiuot be properly legislated for unless some inducement is offered to local men to come forward. They are aware that very little notice is taken of the influential de putations that sometimes go to a consider able degree of inconvenience and expense in order to lay before the Government the ' true state of things,' and also that were local representation encouraged a vast amount of trouble, expense, and the incon venience referred to would be done away with. There is no doubt, however, that during the forthcoming election campaign this will be one of the principal topics spoken on, and that its evils and benefits will be freely discussed. The principle itself is not what is hated ; it works in various ways, and the best way is to be found out. Anyhow, I hope that which' ever is the direction to be taken by our present member he will lose no time com municating his decision to his constituents, bo that candidates may be brought early into the field. GIVE A MAN A CHANCE. I sincerely hope that the same feeling does not exist in the hearts of every patron of the noble and manly sport of cricket as does in the breast of a certain individual in a 'high and mighty' position up North. At a cricket dinner a short time ago, several toasts were arranged on a programme, and several persons were put down as willing to enliven the proceedings with a little vocal music. The ' high and mighty' individual's name came after the name of one of the ' outsiders' who had taken part in the day's cricket match. The Vice-Chairman asked Mr. ? to sing. HIgh-and-Mighty hurriedly put a few words on paper and sent it up to the Vice-Chairmaii: — 'If you allow that man to sing, don't ask me. You've made a mistake, sir ; twelve months ago that man was in Redruth for being drunk and rowdy.' Mr. Yice-Chairnianreplied — ' Bear sir — I'm very sorry that your feelings are eo offended. We make no distinctions on the cricket field, so long as a man behaves himself. He has been punished for his past conduct, give him a chance of retrieving his character.' Then standing np in his place he said, 'Mr. ? will please favor us with his song.' High-and-Mighty rose and went out of the room. 