file. DICK MASSEY: A TALE OF THE IRISH EVICTIONS, CHAPTER IV.—(Continued). Bi T. O'NBH. Rubsell. When she turned round ana saw Dick, she "he SrhaTf^tupidly, « Axe ye the priest likeness to a ghost was nearly as etrong as to a priest or doctor. "No my poor woman," said he, "I'm neither'; but maybe I could do something for Och, what could ye do now? sure isn't there my two darlints lyin' dead and cowld. I sent two gossoons to Kilmore for the priest in the middle o' the night; but its a long •way off, an' maybe they went asthray. Oohone ! ochone!' . «Is that your husband lying here on the bed?" asked Diok. , „ ., Yes ; he's dyin', too, I'm afeared," said ^ And so he was; he was quite unconscious Diok felt his pulse, it was all but still; nor could he make the sick man give an answer to any question he asked him. Soon there would be three corses in that horrid plaoe. "Are there any more people siok here? ^ t e Widow Doolan has two childher bad as bad can be." "And have you no one to aid you, or help •ou to bury those that are already dead? "No, not one; sure isn't the neighbours all afeared to come near uz on account of the sickness, the Lord save us! an' no one knows as yit that things are so bad wid uz as they are " Dick was nearly mad; he gasped out some inarticulate prayers; and then thrust his hands in such haste into his pockets, and pulled them baok so quickly, that he turned them inside out in his eager haste to empty their contents into the hands of the astonished poor creature that stared at him in amazement and awe. What! was that only all the money he had? he asked himself, as he felt and thumped every part of his garments where it was possible for a pocket to be. Oh, misery! that was all. Hurrah, no! he has found more; in an inside pocket in his vest was a purse which he quite overlooked; indeed he thought he had left it at home in his trunk; but, God bs thanked ! he had not; it contained a whole lot of silver, and some notes, too, and a few half sovereigns. All were emptied into the hands of the wondering woman, who now had not the least doubt but that he was something supernatural—an angel certainly. "Here," said Dick, " divide this amongst the whole of you, but do you keep the most, as you have two children to bury. Where is the old woman I was speaking to a moment ago?" " She's outside; come here, Nelly, cried she. " I have given you some trifle towards burying those poor children," said Dick; "and I want you to see it fairly divided amongst all the rest after. I will be passing by Kilmore, and will call at the priest's, and aend him to you at once, if I see him." "Do you think is he a sperit, Nelly?" asked the mother of the dead children and wife of the dying man. " No, God bless him; I recollect him now. I seen him at the fair last spring. He's Mr. Dick Massey of Belville." Prayers ascended up to heaven out of that noisome ditch, that glorious summer day. Fortunately Diok met the priest just as he left the typhus-cursed tents; he told him liow much he was needed, and sprang across into the fields once more. But not one inch further could Dick Massey go. He flung himself on the earth, and sobbed as if his heartstrings would snap asunder. It is a blessed thing to be able to weep; many cannot, no matter how great their aorrow: so much the worse for such. Many, especially men, are ashamed to weep, thinking it is weak and feminine; but as brave men, and true men, aye, and as noble men as the world ever saw, have wept, and have, even by weeping, been made braver and nobler still. And Dick was made better by it too; if he had been unable to pour forth all these tears, lie would not have been able to rise from the ground, as he did, a stronger man. \- He rose and wiped his scalding eyes, and resumed his Journey. He felt relieved and freshened. He strode forward with renewed energy. He wondered he felt so very strong; Bo strong did he feel that he thought he could stand before all the assembled great ones of earth, and speak bold words into their very teeth; and tell them that if all the World was afraid to tell them they were tyrants, he, at least, was not; and that the wrongs they were inflicting on their feUow- olods werecrying"trumpet-tongued " to heaven for vengeance. The mightiest giant of old, armed in proof, was not so strong as he. He felt as if he oould, like a new Heroules, strangle in his iron grasp the •srpent of hard-heartednes and oppression. It u only those who have right on their side that are endowed with such a feeling of power; who know that they have the support of an unseen Help; and now it seemed to Diok that his support was as solid and as true as though he leaned upon the Rock of Ages. Another hour brought him to the stately mansion of Nathaniel Bolingbroke Parsons. The door was opened by a powdered and gaudily dressed servant, who eyed Dick with a cnnous expression, as much as to say, " This individual is not like any one that is in the habit of calling on Mr. Parsons; whatever can he want?" " Is Mr. Parsons at home ?" asked Dick. "Yes, S-s-s-ir." The bewildered flunkey was half afraid he had committed himself by sirring Dick, because he was so plainly attired; but as soon as he looked up at him and saw the face of the person that inquired for his master, he seemed quite satisfied that he had not made a faux pas; and that the stranger was certainly a gentleman. "Could I see Mr. Parsons?" " Who shall I say wants to see him, Sir ?" "Oh, no matter; I can tell him that myself." "Well, but, Sir, I have strict orders not to admit any one to. Mr. Parsons' presence, that don't give their name and business." " Tell him Mr. Massey wants to speak a few words to him," replied Diok. " Mr. Massey of where, Sir?" "Of Belville." That seemed to satisfy the flunkey; and without more to do Richard Massey was ushered into the awful presence of Nathaniel Bolingbroke Parsons, Esq. From the wondering look hethrew at Dick as he entered, it was plain he was quite as much at a Iobb to guess the object of the visit of the former, as was the servant that opened the door. " Mr. Parsons, I presume ?" said Dick. " The same Sir, at your service." " I am afraid, Sir, you will think the matter I have come to speak to you about rather odd, and I trust you will pardon the liberty I have taken." " Permit me to inquire your name, Sir ?" " My name is Massey," replied Dick. " Oh, you're a son of Mr. Gerald Massey of Belville ?" " Yes, his youngest son." That seemed to take a mighty load off the breast of Nathaniel Bolingbroke Parsons; for he was half afraid that the stalwart form before him might be some evicted tenant disguised, who had come to take summary vengeance on him, even in his study. " Oh, I'm happy to see you, Mr. Massey; pray be seated. What very warm weather this is ? Nice time for fishing ?" " Yes, very warm indeed," replied Dick. Parsons imagined from Dick's youthful appearance, and knowing he had come of a sporting family, that his visit was merely to ask permission to fish in some of the numerous lakes that replenished his property; and which he preserved so strictly, that even Izaak Walton himself, would not, with all his art, have been able to coax a trout out of them without being espied. Never was there a greater contrast between two human beings than appeared between those now face to face in that study. If an inhabitant of the moon had seen both, he would have said that one came from that part of the earth which was exactly opposite the part the other oame from. But the lunarian would have been very wrong indeed; for both were descended from the same stock, and were undoubtedly of the same race, much as they differed in expression and feature. Parsons could not have been much more than thirty; but his cross and dissatisfied look made him appear any age up to fifty. It would have been very hard to get a countenance in which every feature without was so twisted and contorted by the hell within, as were the features of the feared and hated owner of Elm-grove: they were all at variance ; all screwed into antagonism to each other ; the corners of the mouth were inolined downwards, and the top of the nose was pointed upwards, and the corners of the mouth seemed to say to the top of the nose, " You should point down and be like us;" and the top of the nose seemed to say to the corners of the mouth, "No, but you should incline upwards and be in keeping with me." The very lips, protuberant as a negro's, were in like manner on bad terms with each other; for one was rolled up disdainfully, and the other was hung down dejectedly, as much as to say, "The less we come in contact with each other the better." Neither had both his eyes much sympathy; and for aught one could say, if his ears were permitted to be seen free from the masses of sickly yellow hair that seemed to hate to have to hide them, they too might be found at variance. Altogether it was a face which showed plainly that its possessor never yet bestowed a particle of love on any human being under the sun. Looking at such a face in the brightest gleam of summer sunlight would make you think you were all at once plunged baok into the depth and dreariness of winter. " I suppose you're very fond of fishing, Mr. Massey," said he, evidently thinking that he not only showed great benevolence in anticipating the wants of the yonth, but also much sharpness in hitting off so quickly the object of his visit. " No, indeed, Sir, I can't ssy that I am," replied Diok. , This answer confounded Parsons a good deal, for he prided himself on being able to see things at a glanoe. Dick was determined to go right at the matter, and not be mealy-mouthed; so he rose from the chair Parsons had handed him, and standing bolt upright, said:— "I have come Sir, to use my best endeavours and .most fervent entreaties, that you will allow the Widow Conroy to remain in her little farm of Clondeny. She will pay you any rent for it yon may choose to i impose on her, and will not even ask a lease. I am sure yon will have her thanks while she lives, and her prayers also." "Well, really Mr. Massey, you surprise me beyond measure," said the now annoyed tyrant. "I did not think a son of Mr. Gerald Massey's would come to ask such a ridiculous favour. Pray, Sir, do the rest of your family know the errand upon which you have come?" '' No, no one knows it; I told no one, not because I was ashamed to tell, bnt because I know it would not be of any use." That was enough for Parsons; he was now determined to "pitoh into" Dick, without the least fear of giving offence to any of the rest of the Masseys. He was not going to have his business interrupted by the audacity and foolishness of a mere boy, without letting it be seen that such conduct could not go off unheeded. "Mr. Massey," said he, "I am more astonished than I can tell at your want of consideration in asking what you have; besides, I really have been very busy writing letters, et cetera, ever since I returned from the Continent, and must protest against such interruptions." It was now clear as daylight there would be a row, for Dick's face was reddening, and his lips were tightly closed, and his chest heaved tumultuously. He said:— "I don't think, Sir, there is anything at all extraordinary in the matter I have come to speak about; and although I was not quite certain that I should be successful, I at least expected a courteous refusal. But enough of that. I am sure if youre-consider the request I have asked, you will not be disposed to look at it in such a one-sided manner. I know Widow Conroy since I was a child, and am certain that a more kindhearted or honest woman does not exist. She was born at Clonderry, and has lived there ever since; she.is now old, and I am afraid-such a blow as you are about to inflict on her will kill her. You know people like her have an attachment to the place where they were born and reared, that it would be well for some who call themselves their superiors to possess also. Although my parents do not know that I have oome to plead for her, I am sure they too would feel much indebted to you if you would be so good as to let her remain, for they know she is a worthy and respeotable woman." "Young Sir," oried Parsons, " you do not know what you are saying. There, look at that; there is a threatening notice I received last week for daring to wish to take possession of my own property. If that is the kind of person you think respectable, Mr. Massey, I must beg leave to differ from you." " I assure you she knows nothing whatever about it. I heard her say so last night. Nothing has given her more grief than the serving of these notices on you," cried Diok, his voice husky with excitement. " Do you suppose, Mr. Massey, that I am going to believe suoh stuff ? People of her class never by any chance tell the truth. My mind is made up, Sir. You may consider yourself at liberty to depart. I want the farm for a respectable person, who will manage it scientifically and well." "Once more let me beg of you, Mr. Parsons, to change your mind. Pardon my earnestness and boldness, if unfortunately you think asking this favour is such. Bonfires will be lit all over the country if you allow her to remain; and I am sure your own conscience will be eased at having done so good a deed. Think of her age; of the length of time she has lived there. Four of her children lie buried in the churchyard just at the back of her house, and it has ever been her earnest desire to be laid by their side. You know we read of kings of old receiving more joy from the doing of one good act than from the greatest viotory they ever achieved. If you allow her to remain, I am sure you will never have cause to repent having done such a good thing. She will pray for you, her daughter will pray for you, and I will pray for you. Oh, Sir, will you relent ?" "Mr. Massey, I really have not time to listen to such rabid nonsense. I wonder, Sir, a respectable young man, as you ought by birth at least to be, should mix himself up with such low people, or take any interest in their affairs." Dick now saw that all hope was over; so he determined to go, but not until he had told the tyrant some of his mind. " I'm not ashamed, sir, but it is you that ought to be ashamed; and shame—eternal shame—will torture you for all your acts of accursed infamy and persecution!" Here Parsons rang the bell. " Do not think, sir, that there is no one to call you to account for all your tyranny and heartlessness. I tell you there is One who will not suffer such iniquity to remain unpunished for ever. This morning I passed by a lot of human beings, whom your cold heart condemned to live in a ditch ; typhus fever has broken out among them; many are dying, some are dead already !" Here the flunkey entered. "Show Mr. MasBey out," said Parsons, coolly. " Away, sir!" shouted Dick, with a mighty stamp of his great limb on the study floor, and a look of such determined and overwhelming passion, that the frightened flunkey uttered an involuntary " Oh Lord !" and vanished in a twinkling. ' "I saw two once pretty children lying dead in a ditch this morning," cried Dick; " but their rosy cheeks were blackened bv the cursed typhus of which they died. I tell you you are their murderer. It was you who turned them from their warm hearths, and left them to lie on the damp ground; their father is dying also, and their unfortunate mother is mad with sorrow, although she curses you not. Don't suppose I had any motive in coming here but to plead gently the cause of poor Widow Conroy—I had no other motive; but your cool insolence, and damned heartlessness, have roused me so that I oare not what I say. I will go amongst the gentry round and publish your infernal doings to all, for though I am but young and obscure, yet I know every one will believe me. I care not if I am punished for telling truth; for, by the God of truth, I will tell your doings to all! Don't be frightened, nor cower so in that corner; for though I fear nothing on earth, I would not disgrace myself by touching you. I leave you to yourself—to be consumed piecemeal in the hell that you cany within you—I leave you to be tormented by the sobs and groans of your murdered victims ! It would be the greatest meroy to yourself, and to humanity, if some friendly hand would kill you ere fresh victims are added to your list, and another hell kindled in your own bosom!" Parsons was white in the extremity of his terror. He rang the bell frantically, but got no answer, for the poor flunkey was quite as much afraid, after the look Dick threw at him, as was Parsons himself. All his cool self-possession (of which, by the way, he prided himself) vanished at beholding the mighty ebullition of rage and indignation which Dick's inflamed face and great heaving phest presented; and there is not much doubt but he imagined the young giant would have torn him into shreds ere he left him. Dick turned round without saying another word, and walked slowly out of the study door. The flunkey was but too willing to open the hall door, and seemed mightily pleased at seeing Dick's tall figure moving slowly down the avenue. Dick walked slowly towards home, and the state of mind in which he was, is, to ubb a hackneyed phrase, " much more easily imagined than described." His corporeal part, at least, was tired and weary, and his lips were parched. After wandering across the fields he came to a well, beautifully situated beneath two or three ash trees, and at a good distance from the public road. He drank large draughts of the delicious water, and laved his burning and throbbing brow; and, as he was weary, he threw himself on the grass beneath the shady trees. A delightful thing it is to rest after toil, and Dick found it so. He was now sobered down, and cast a retrospective glance at his interview with Parsons, and though he looked on it as critically as possible, he could not see that he said anything which would ever after cause him to blush. For he reasoned thus to himself : If there were no one to take notice of, or to cry out against-, the wrongs that one man might choose to inflict on another, what a queer kind of place this world would soon become, to be sure ! That thought satisfied him. He felt at peace ; and, as he lay stretched on the green sward, he gave himself up to admiring the intense beauty of " sky, air, earth, and heaven," that lay above and around him. It was one of those days one only seeB in Ireland ; and there only at a particular time of the year; namely, late in summer, or early in autumn. It was about mid-day; and so still was the air that the highest leaf on the tall ash trees overhead stirred not. All was silent on earth; the very clouds seemed stereotyped in the sky, as though they were to remain unchanged for ever; but they were high clouds, set, as it were, at infinite distances from the eye of the beholder; they were of many colours, also, full of bright spangles of blue, peeping out here and there, making the great dome above one variegated immensity of loveliness. The myriad insects of summer seemed to have left off for a while their buzzing and erratic flight, and to have rested as if loth to break the deep silence that reigned around. The cattle lay amid the tall rushes, and did not taste the luxuriant grass beneath them. No birds wheeled overhead. The wild bee's strong wing made no music amid the flowers. All was still. It was like a great Sabbath of Nature, when everything " in which was the breath of life " was bowed down, deep in adoration and prayer. As Dick lay on the green sward, looking up at the wondrous beauty of the many-coloured clouds, he began to experience a delightful sensation of languor, the certain prelude of coming sleep ; but he did not like to shut his eyes and lose sight of the glorious things of the sky; he gazed on and on; and the more intently he gazed, the greater appeared their loveliness. Ever and anon he would catch sight of vistaB of such marvellous glory, that he would hold his breath expecting to see angels arrayed in garments of gold, sailing noiselessly from bank to bank of, what appeared to him,' bright rivers of blue ether. Gradually a sleep, so soft.and sweet stole upon him, that he was carried away to Dreamland, while yet the glories of the firmament were visible to his senses. He thought he stood on one of the promontories of vapour he had been loc&iug.; at/ that jutted out into the great blue waste of the ocean of the sky; above him were an infinity of stan ; he could not see the sun; but still there was no lack of light; yet it was.not like the. light of the sun ; it was a milder light, diffused throughout the universe. Hit vision was infinite; the mightiest telesoope ever made was not so penetrating as his sight was now. He could see star beyond star,- and system beyond.system, and universe beyond universe, until be fell down on his knees, and put his hands over his eyes, that he should not be blinded by the immensity sf : the unfolding wonders. • - Still he was not afraid. After a while he thought he heard voices., all tow and sweet, but eo distinct that every sylt&Me; fell perfect on his ears. He thought he heard some persons calling him by name; again me Toicea called him; but he knew them not. He looked, and saw the faces of those that called, and recognised them at once; but on, how marvellously changed were they! We saw them that morning aU contorted and blackened by the disease of which they died, and lying in a wretched tent in a ditohj but Sow, their eyes were all sparkling and joyous and their countenances were turned full upon hL, With looks of unutterable love; they seemed to be surrounded by a halo of glow , the arm of each was thrown round the neck of the other, as they beckoned to him, and smiled the smile of the blessed and ran- £med of God. Dick would fain have approached them, and have clasped them to his bosom: but, as he endeavoured to do so, he became aware of the infinity of the distance that separated them from him; although he oould hear their voioes, and see their breasts heaving with delight and joy, as they gazed upon him. And after a little they began a Bong together, full, soft, and sweet, yet so loud withal, that it nlled heaven, and rolled its deep melody far away amid the constellations. The burthen of their song was praise. At last they ceased singing, but never took their eyes off Dick; and as they departed, they joined both their small handB together, looking at him still, and then looking up into the deep sky, vanished away. He slept long, for he was very weary. When he awoke, the sun was sinking in the west, and it was quite dark before he reached home. (To he continued.) 