TOWN TALK. Ileutor telegraphs that M'Gratli and M'lvett, the two men arrested for attempt ing to bio if up the Liverpool Toivn Hall withadynamitebomb, have beea sentenced the former for life, and the latter for fifteen years-to penal servitude. The second read ing of the Irish Land Bill has been formally agreed to in the House of Lords. The second Bession of Parliament will commence to-day. It will bo seen, by reference to our Mel bourne letter, th.it the lion, the Minister of Railways viewed with favor yesterday the request by a deputation, consisting of Messrs Beal, Coulston, and J. H. Connor, that a brauch line of railway should he constructed from Ondit to Beeac, a distance of eight miles. The Minister has promised to have a survey of the proposed line made, and to have the line included in the next Railway Bill. Tho Minister of Customs also pro mised the same deputation to cause the jutty nt Lome to be extended an additional 150ft. into the bay at that place. Tho new passenger platiorm at Moolap, on tho Queenscliff lino of railway, between Kensington and Geelong, has been in use since the 1st inst., and trains stop there to put down and take up travellers. A good number of persons have availed thomselves of tho accommodation, and pronounce it a great convenience. The stakes won at the Geelong Racing Club's winter meeting, held hist Friday, were either paid over or remitted to the several winners on Tuesday. The total amount of tho stakes was £510, and the individual sums won were as follow : Trot ting Race, Mr Roddy's Black Diamond, 1st, 50 sovs; Mr C. CoUlbath's Von Moltke, 2nd, 10 sovs. Handicap Hurdle Race, Sir A Saqui's Cumberland, 1st, 87 sovs. ; Mr 11' Griffiths' New Zealand, 2nd, 10 sovs. Win ter Haudicap, Mr D. S. Wallace's Nnpper Tandy, 1st, 9S sovs. ; Mr R. Howie's Kohi noor, 2nd, 20 sovs. Handicap Steeplechase, Mr R. Howie's Collingwood, 1st, 101 sovs. ; Mr T: Armstrong's Victor, 2nd, 20 sovs Railway Stakes, Mr D. S. Wallace's ^Tap per Tandy, 1st, 62sovs.; Mr J. Thompson's The Ghost, 2nd, 2 sovs. Iu the Selling Hurdlo Race a protest was entered against Nimrod, tho winuer, on tho ground that tho horse was not properly nominated as regards pedi gree. This will be considered by tho ste wards of the club at a meeting to be held this afternoon. The prize money when ap portioned will bo a3 follows: First horse, 54 sovs; sccoud do., 2 sovs. The Bellarine Sliire Council met yester day. Dr. Carstairs, as health officer, re ported that a cane of scarlet fever in the shiro bad been brought under his notice. Tho infection was communicated to the per son at QucensclilT, and tho circumstanccs connected with tho patient, as having, while unilcr tho dlscaso, been allowed at Queenscliff to travel with passen gers in a public carriage on the railroad, arc before the notice of the authorities, and moro may be beard of the matter presently. Tho other business transacted at tho Council was not of groat importance. The Tabbit question, as usual, absorbed a considerable amount of time, and a promise from the Postma3ter-General to erect a telegraph lino from tho Drysdale railway station through the township, and on to Portarlington, was considered satisfac tory. Last Sunday tho interior of the Aberdeeu street Baptist Charch was found to bo dis figured with three large damp marks on the western wall where tho rain had entered. In one place the water had descended to nearly the top3 of tho pews. On examining the spouting, it was discovered that somo person had stopped up tho pipes leading from tho roof, by using cement at tho uppor ends in such a way that it will be difficult to remove the obstruction without taking out tho pipes. As it will interest many sportsmen, wc may state that the recent winter racc . meeting of the Geelong clnb was not a financial eucccss. Tho threatening character of the weather last Friday greatly affected the attendance of the public, but altogether tho railway re ceipts, and tickets sold, showed a somewhat satisfactory return under the circumstances. Compared with the winter meeting last year, there was a decreaso of £30 in tho receipts for tho sale of grand stand tickets. Tho experiment of reducing the price of ladies' ticketB for tho grand stand was not con. sidorcd gratifying. Only twenty ladies' tickets were sold, but it must bo borne in mind that the wet weather \v;i3 altogether unfavorable for the gentler sex to enjoy out door sports on the day of tho local racing club's winter gathering. The usual weekly meeting of the Me chanics' Institute Literary Class was hold on Tuesday evening, the President (Mr G. Forbes) being in tho chair. The minutes of last class meeting having been read and confirmed, two gentlemen were nominated as members, and accepted. Tho first busi ness of the evening was tho consideration of a motion brought forward by Mr Mount, in accordance with a notice of motion tabled by that gentleman on 12th July, viz, " That the productiou of each member bo criticised separately and individual^'," The motion having been secouded by Mr Carter i and tho members present having expressed their views on tho subject, the motion was put to the class and lost. The business on thosvl labus was next proceeded with, viz. : " Elo cutionary Exercise " in which the following gentlemen took part, rehearsing " Wolscy's address to Cromwell," Messrs Hoare, Brown hill, Snodgrass, and Forbes. The several productions having been vigorously criti cised, and several valuable suggestions thrownout,the meeting terminated, it having been announced that the business for next night of meeting would be furthor " Elocu tionary Exercise." ' . . At tho hospital yesterday a laborer named Thomas Henningan, aged Jo yoars, a resi dent of Waul n Ponds, was admitted a" >n patient, suffering from a fracturo of the | sternum and contusion of tlio back, tho re sult of having on the previous day been thrown out of a dray, the wheel of which passed over his body. The accident oc curred at the railway crossing, Moorabool-. street, and appears to have been, caused by tho wheel of the dray passing over an ob struction. A boy named Joseph Feissly, of Geelong, while playing yesterday, was | wounded in the foot with a broken glass bottle. Tho injury was such that his re moval to the institution was necessary. lie was also admitted into the accident ward. The liev. S. Lainbie, Presbyterian minis tor,is to conduct divine service in the Chnrch of England, nt Lara, on Sunday evening next. Such an event as this has never be fore taken place in the district, and it is being looked forward to with much pleasure by the Presbyterians residing in the neigh borhood. A meeting of tho members of tho Corio Cay Rowing Club was held at the boat house ! last evening, Mr J. Soinmers being in tho chair. A letter was read from Mr J. R. Hopkins, thanking tho club for re-clecting him as prcsideut, and promising to continue his efforts to forward the club's interests. On the motion of Mr I. Hodges, seconded by Mr Do HeuzoII, it was agreed to request tho president to ondeavor to get the land whereon the club's lioathouac is erected put up for sale by auction, with the view of having it purchased for the club. It was decided to have a football match on Satur day between tho members of tho Corio Bay and Barwon rowing clubs oil tlio Corio cricket ground. Tho names of tboso to compose the team3 will bo chosen to day. Tho case of Constable Caulfield against William Dunn, for Sunday trading, was called on at the Polico Court yesterday morning, and adjourned till Monday, to al low Mr Dwycr, who was unavoidably absent, and who has bccu engaged for the de fence, to appear. Tlio working plans of the proposed theatre in conncctiou with tho exhibition building, in Market Square, aro in course of pre paration, and they are expected to bo com pleted in a few days. As soon as they aro finished tenders will bo called for carrying out the proposed alterations. At the Police Court yesterday morning, Benjamin Dobson summoned James Sinclair for having allowed his cattle to wander on the public road, at Point Henry, on the 2Sth July last, Mr Higgins appeared for com plainant, and Mr Pincott for defendant. The complainant and his wife gavo evidence to having seen the cattle on tho road on the day in qaestion, and to Sinclair having driven thorn away. They were continually annoying them and breaking their fences. Mr Higgins said that a3 this was the second offence he would ask tho Bench to inflict the full penalty of £10. In defence, Mr Pincott asked that the Bench would consider the case well before tho3r arrived at any decision, as it was a very severe penalty, and they had not power to reduce it. Tho Bench, howeveri considered tho offence proved, aud fined Sinclair £10, with £ 1 2 s Gd costs. Tho municipal elections iu the Shire of Bellarinc are causing a considerable "amount of interest throughout that district. As noti fied iu our yesterday's issue, Cr. Williamson's re-election as representative of tho Bcllarino riding was unopposed, but Or. M 'Master (tho president), and Cr. Cant, tho retiring councillors for the ridings of Moolap and Paywit respectively, have mot contestants in Mr James Sinclair for tho former, and Mr John Hollins for the latter, division of tlio shire. Under an impression that Cr. Cant was not again intending to send in a nomination, a large number of voters signed tho requisition in favor of Mr Hollins, but as the older resident, Cr. Cant, is now nomi" nated, it is considered very likely these mis" informed voters will transfer their support" The dry weather is having a most disas trous eil'eot at the Duck PondB, and along the plains. Tho cattlc arc rapidly falling into low condition, and dairy farmers com plain of the want of yield in both milk aud butter from this cmiso. Wafer for domestic purposes is becoming so scarce that a num ber of tho residents have to cart it from considerable distances. A good and con tinuous fall of rain is much noeded to im prove the prospects, and gladden tho hearts of the farmers. The usual weekly parade of the Artillery Corps took place last evening, there being ono officer, three sergeauts, am? 40 gunner" present. Tho men wore put through manii.il and firing exercises. With regard to tho competition in shot aud shell practice last Saturday, Captain Snee's report stated that he was well pleased with the silent and steady way the men worked tho guns, and at tho absence of any confusion or hurry. Tho captain further remarked that the prac tice was very good, nearly all tho shells having burst either ou or striking tho water in front of the target. Acting as judge of the competition, Captain Snee mado the fol lowing awards to the various detachments : -No. 3 (Sergeant Stock's), 1st; No. 5 (Corporal Warner's, baud), 2nd ; No. 1 (Cap. tain Smith's), 3rd; .No. 2 (Sergeant Heath's), 4tli ; No. 4 (Comoral Simmons') 5th. There will not bo any contcst in tho Sliire of Bannockburn in respect to tho nomina tions for the annual vacancies in the Council. Tho nomiuatiou papers were received yester day, and wero as follow North riding, Mr Kobt. J; Thompson ; East Riding, Mr Jacob Weber; West Hiding, Mr James Harvoy. Auditor, Mr John Martin, ofLcth bridge. The rainfall, as registered at Barrabooj House, Higliton, by Colonel Conran, during tho month of July was O.S7in., making a total fall since the 1st January of 10. Ilin. as compared with 17.30in. registered in the corresponding period of last year. Thcfollowing insolvency sehedulo was filed yesterday with MrHutchinson, registrarof tho Gcelong Insolvency Court:-Richard Henry Carter, storekeeper, of QueensclifK Causes of insolvency-Falling off in business, pres sure of creditors, and sickncss in family. Liabilities, £250 17s Sd ; assets, £74 2a . de ficency, £17G los Sd. ' Last evening the monthly meeting of tho North Geelong Football Club was held at tho Eureka Hotel, Mr C. Wilcox being in tho chair. Tho appointment of Mr Wensley as goal umpire for West Geelong, in tho trophy match against the North ou Satur day, was approved of, and Mr D. J. O'Neil was choicn as the North's goal umpire. Considerable discussion took place with re gard to the appointment of central umpire, and ultimately Mr Sayers was elected. Last evening, in the room of the Young Men's Christian Association, the Rev. J. J Westwood delivered his well-known lecture on " Tho Great Pyramid of Jeezeh," illus trated by the oil paintings as previously ex hibited. Tho lecture wan fairly attended ' and those present seemed greatly iutcrcstedin ' Mr Westwood's graphic descriptions of the great monument of antiquity. The following nominations have been received for the annual elections for the Shire of Meredith :—North Riding, Messrs Samuel Kennedy, James Bell, and Thomas Henry Giles ; East Riding, Messrs Edward Gleeson and Hy. Twite; South Riding, Mr Hugh Fraser (elected). Auditor, Mr Mal colm M'Pherson (elected). According to " Tout Cola," in the Siwrts- I man, the jockeys engaged at tlio recent winter meeting on tho Gcelong racecourse lrnvo complained about the hnrdles being lapped, so as to cause resistanco if struck in 1 the raco, the result being either that the horse is thrown, or the greater portion of tho flight of hurdles is levelled. Tho grand sale of gifts in aid of the funds of the Geelong Freo Library was continued last evening with groat aucccss. There was ! .1 lar"C attendance, and a brisk business was done*atthe stalls, but large quantities of «oods remain to bo disposed of. Daring the oourso of the evening Mrs Hobday sang " Sweet Home," and "In the liodgo in the Wood," with great effect, and was loudly applauded. Miss Dick's rendering of the songs, "My Highland Homo," and "Sad Heart, Oh take thy rest," was much ad. inired. Mr Hall was very successful | in his singing of the " Slave Ship," and " Jack's Yarn." Miss Gardiner presided at the piano, and played the accompaniments in a highly creditable way. The bazaar will continue, and deserves patronage, not only on account of the do* serving nature of its object, but also because of the great variety and worth of tbo articles otTeied for sale. The Grampian water schcmo was com pleted ou Saturday. It cost bctwi £128,000 and £129,000. The miner Seamau, so seriously injured at Stawell on Mouday by a dynamite ex plosion, is dead. At the Sydney Criminal Sittings, Tommy Ah Hing, a Celestial, was sentenced to threo years for burglary. Jolm Godfrey, aged 1G years, died at | Inglewood on Monday, it is supposed in consequence of injuries received while play ing football. A single woman named Smith, a residcut or Magpie, was takon ill with bronchitis on I Monday last, and died within twenty-four hours. A supposed discovery of coal has been made at Wirrabara, in the Northern Terri tory. Samples liavo been sent to Adelaide for analysis. The Ballarat Reform League intends to conveno a meeting to enable Mr Fincham, if ho so wishes, to explain his recent politi cal conduct. Tho soiree to bo given by tbo Ballarat Re form League in honor of the hon. Graham Berry and hU late colleagues is fixed for tho 5th September. 'lho four young men, charged with wound ing the Chinaman Suo Tan, at Crcswick, have been again remanded until Tuesday next. Eighty thousand persons have attended tho Adelaido exhibition since tho opening, | and there appears no evidence of an abate ment in the attendance. A Ballarat gossiping soribo says:-A largo amount of Melbourno money has been sent up. Bank clerks have to ily around now, and tellers threaten to throw up their sponge. Already I hear (remarks the correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser) of an Education Act Defonco Association being started, and tho old Hag of " No Popery" being unfurled to the breeze. It is stated that a man named Butters, nearly 90 years of ago, in tho neighborhood of Mount Blowhard, is getting another set of teeth. The new sot, it is alleged, is growing from those parts of the gums ren dered vacant by the old set: The inquest ou the lire at Scott's umbrella shop, at Sydney, wa3 concluded on Tuesday. Although there wero suspicious circum stances, tho evidence was contradictory, and an open verdict was returned. A quarrel occurred between two men one milo from the silver mines at Ravenswood, Queensland. Oue of thorn was afterwards found with his throat cut ; tho other was arrested. Messrs Jackson and Thompson, of Bris bane, report having sold to Dr. Robertson, subject to ratification by an English syndi cate, the Peak Downs mine for the euiii of £13,000. A criminal prosecution is to lie instituted against Charles Gambetta, mining manager, and the underground manager, for negli gence in working the Great Southern mine, Sandhurst, whereby two men, Fahey and Myer, were recently killed by a fall of stone. Mr Pilcher, in referring to tho charges of the legal profession tho other night in tile New South Wales Assembly, cited a case in Queensland whore a solicitor's bill amounted to£3500,orthereaboutf<,tho lastitem of which was, "To consideration for eases I have lost through thinking of yours-£330." Tho Governor of Tasmania is Bliowing him self to be a useful man. According to the llobart Mercury, his Excellency delivered a lecture on " Astronomy," before tho Chris tian Young Men's Association, last Tuesday night, and gavo a splendid address, illustra ted by diagrams, which ho hung tip ou tho wall himself during tho day, upon tho sub ject. Somo sinirers are marvels of longevity and retention of their powers. Madame Anna Bishop is now singing with success at Madrid. Signnr Bianchi nud his wife, whom old colonists will remember as having intro duced opera into Australia, have a now Italian opera company at tho Grand Opera House, San Francisco, of which Signora Bianchi is the prima donna. Oil Tuesday moruing, while a horso was being taken down the Williamstown pier in order to bo placed ou board tho ship Con naught Hanger, ho broke loose, and jumped from the end of the pier into tho water, and commenced swimming out into the bay. Tho water police boat started after him, and after a quarter of a mile raeo brought the animal, much exhausted, to shore. A man named Walter Bibby was brought up at the Police Court, at U'agga, on Tues day, charged with stealing horses. After his arre8t|he admitted having pursued syste matic horso stealing at Myrtleford, Wanga ratta, Beechworth, and other places in Victoria. He had stolen several horses in Gippsland, which he disposed of at other distant places, and had done tho same at Jerilderie. Ho was remanded for further evidence of tho proof of ownership of the horses. About six years ago a prisoner at tho Pen tridgo Stockade, Melbourne, named Brady, escaped from the prison, through a culvert which passed under tho southern boundary wall of tho stockado. Brady was a despe rate character in tho early days of tho gold fields, and formed one of the 12 who robbed the Nelson iu Hobsou's Bay of a largo quan tity of gold. Information has recently been received that he has been arrested in Now South Wales.. When Brady escaped he had tho greatest portion of a long sentence to finish, which ho will have to complete whon brought to Victoria. The llobart Mercury thus describes a fine specimen of the sal mo suhtr which was re cently captured in the Derwent:-"The fish is a handsomo specimen, 27A inches long, 15J iuches greatest girth at" dorsal aud G inches girth at tail. Tho head is fine', very unlike tho specimen caught somo timo ago at the Mersey, being only about one sixth tho total length. If tho specimen introduced bo a fair specimen of tho salmo sttlar, as sold in London markets, there is ovory reason to believe that tho particular species has been successfully acclimatised in the Derwent." An accident occurred at St. Arnaud on Tuesday, by which a miner named Joseph Thomas, employed in tho claim of tho New Bendigo Company, sustained very severe in juries. The cage had reached a plat 70ft from the bottom, at which Thomas was waiting to ascend, and in the act of entering it he stopped forward, and missing his foot mg, fell between tho cage and the side of tho shaft down to tho bottom, and through tho well boards into several feet of water. When taken up ho was found to havo sustained ",1JU,7C8' "T"', riI» broken, the chest badly crushed, and arm broken in i two places, and the ankle was also severely dislocated. Thomas was removed to tho ' dition ' "0W lies ia critical con A case of shocking and wilful cruelty to animals has been reported to the police. Tfc would appear that a farmer named Paul residing near Lillydale, on going into his £" \°Cm °",,the ,nor"ing of the 30th ult.. found that the gate had been broken, and a valuable mare he had left inside was lying m his neighbor's land nC went up to tho a lini.il and examined her,and found that her oil ore leg had l.een wilfully broken. Near to the spot there wero marks of a struggle and the animal also boro cvidonces of having man*bClxT)°(.rC'V'l.'V bIu,,t »'8tru rnent. jSot satisfied with performing this diabolical act, the villain also administered poison to three of the cows, and though they had not swallowed sufficient to kill them they wore in a wretched condition. ' A memorial is now being signed cxten sivcly in the districts mentioned, for presen tationto the New South Wales Pari?", liieut, to the following effeat :--That fvour I petitioners view with alarm tho vast amount of land that is being alienated iu the Murrav ' and Murrumbidgee districts .to capitalist/ speculators, and English financial eompS that in this district nearly 10,000,000 acres of the best lands out of linnft nnA acres have already been disPoseh?0°by°°au^f0enS. and otherwise and that the country is be ^ lapidly turned into large sheep walks- That intending bona fide selectors are harassed^ 1 and every obstacle thrown in their way~T prevent their settlement upon tho That your petitioners therefore humbly utl' that your Government and the lionorat/ Parliament now assembled will t:ike a' memorial into favorable consideration aJ reserve tho balance of tho land still tJnalie. nated in theso districts for settlement bv conditional purchasers. ' At 110011 to-day Messrs Ogilvio and Robin sou will sell, at their rooms, two stacks 0f hay, situated at Lovely Banks, Attention is particularly drawn to the sal. thisdayofaquaiitity ofsuperiorhouseholdfut niture, piano, drawing-room suite, &<.., fa' by Mr John Davison, at his rooms, Market Square. Vide advertisement. Tho adjourned annual meeting of tho Gee long branch of tlio National Reform and Protection L'jaguo will be held at the Fttt Library to-morrow evening. We are requested to' call tho attention of depositors ill the local Savings liauk to the fact that to-day (Thursday) i3 tho W that tho auditor will be in attendance to examine pass books, &c.; Mr Donald M'Andrew has been re. elected auditor for the Shire of Hellarine. Cr. J. Spalding, in our advertising column, returns thanks to the ratepayers of the Ljtj riding, for re-electing hiin unopposed. The nominations for a member of the School Board of Advico, West Riding, Shire of Bannockburn, must be nnulo before! p.m. next Wednesday. Nominations for the office of diicctor fot tho Victorian Woollen and Cloth Mannfac. turing Company must be made before noua on Saturday next. Col. Conran will address the ratepayers ot the Moriac Riding, Shiro of Bnrrabool, a followsThis evening at Wauru Pomh State school; Friday evening, at Mon^ Moriac Hotel; Monday evening, at Scotch school, at Pettavel. In our advertising columns will bo found tho directions and regulations for the pre. vention of small-pox, as made by the Central Board of Health. Tho railway department announces in our advertising columns the closing of the step station at Kensington, on tho lino from Gee. long to Queenscliir. Alternative tenders for works required at tho Maude Stato school are iuvited through outadvertising columns. 