Lord Brackenbury: A NOVEL. BY AMELIA B. EDWARDS, Author of 41 Barbara'6 History,' ' Debenham's Vow,' &c.; | [The right of publication in Australasia has been purchased by r the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] I Chapter XVII. — The Bride-stones. Cochrane looked up ; and high above the opposite bank, I pursuing the windings of a sheep-track in and out of the f furze, he saw a lady in a dark dress followed by a St. Bcr ; nard mastiff. r The young men dismounted, called up Seth Plant to hold their horses' heads, jumped the little stream, and made for ' the hill-side. A short climb brought them to the spot where Miss Savage was standing. This is a piece of unlooked-for good fortune,' said Lancelot. ' We have been to Singleton, and were coining round to call on Miss Langtrey. My friend Cochrane, of whom I have so often told you, Winifred — an awfully clever fellow — knows all about architecture, and is dying to see 1 The Grange.' ; Miss Savage put out her hand with a frank smile. I 'My aunt will he very glad to see Mr. Cochrane,' she I said ; ' and to show him the house. But I hope it has not been overpraised. I love it so much that I cannot bear a stranger to be disappointed in it.' Cochrane looked at her with much curiosity, and told himself that in her, at all events, he was immensely dis appointed. Her mouth was too large and her nose too short for his standard ; and though she had on a broad-brimmed hat with a drooping feather which concealed her forehead and shaded the upper part of her face, he 6aw that she was very pale, and that her eyes looked as though she had been crying. Now Cochrane hated disfiguring [emotion0, and those red eyelids at once repelled him. He said, of course, all that was polite, and protested that he was in no danger of disenchantment. 'A genuine old place that has not been travestied by ? restorations ' can't fail to be interesting,' he said ; and Brackenbury tells me The Grange is quite untouched.' 44 So untouched that it is falling to pieces about our ears. Some of the rooms, indeed, are not supposed to be safe, and we are afraid to go into them.' 44 That is a pity.' 44 A great pity ; but we cannot afford to keep the place in repair.' ' Cochranc's arehmology is not confined to bricks and mortar,' said Lancelot, turning the conversation. ' He's deep in prehistoric man — believes in flint implements and all that sort of thing, you know. He mado acquaintance yesterday with our troublesome friend, Isaac Plant, and hi6 head ju6t now runs on nothing but the 4 dark folk.' ' ' I should like to know if they are really a separate race,' said Mr. Cochrane. 44 I have lived among them all my life,' Miss Savage, replied, 44 and I have never doubted it.' They wore still standing where they first met ; but Lan celot now proposed that the horses should be sent on to The Grange. 44 So tearing us free to walk home with you, Winifred,' he said. ' That is, if you are going home, and will let us see you along.' ''But can you trust that fellow with your horses ?' asked Cochrane. 'Yes; because the road runs parallel with the Ridge, and we shall have him always in sight.' So saying, he shouted to the 'sand-carrier to go quietly forward, and wait for them at the top of ' Cherry Orchard Lane.' They walked on slowly, following the path, which some times rose a little and sometimes dipped, and was hardly wide enough anywhere for two. Miss Savage and Mr. Cochrane went first — he, as often as not, treading the steep slope below the path, and performing this feat with a sure footedness highly creditable in one whose walking powers were chiefly cultivated in Pall Mall and St. James's street. Lancelot came after with the dog. 44 But do they live apart, in a village of their own?' asked Cochrane, going back to the ' dark folk.' ?' They live apart, hut not in a village,' replied Lancelot, from behind. 44 Their cottages arc scattered about the moor — that is to say about the highest part of the moor; a bleak, bare district remote from everything and everybody. They don't congregate. You'll find two cottages together— sometimes three— but nothing like a village.' ' Do they intermarry with the other peasantry ? ' 'Not a bit of it. They marry — if you can call it marriage — everlastingly in and in. But whether they go through any kind of ceremony, blessing or cursing or promising, 1 don't know. Anyhow, if a 4 dark' girl takes up with one of our people, she is scouted by her own.' 41 Even the children hold themselves aloof,' added Miss Savage. ' It is only within these last months that a few of the mothers have'let their little ones come to our national school ; and there they sit all together, frightened and sus picious, like small savages just caught. They never join in play with the others ; and the moment school is over, they scamper off to their homes like rabbits to their burrows.' 44 It is the oddest thing I ever heard of,' said Cochrane. 44 What is their religion ?' 44 Nothing at all, I should say,' replied Lancelot ; 44 or if anything, some kind of serpent or devil-worship.' Miss Savage looked back, half smiling, half reproving. 'No, no,' she said. 41 They are wild — ignorant— law- less : but. they arc not as bad at that.' ' And how do they live ? ' 44 The women make fringe and pillow- lace. The men carry sand to the potteries.' ''To say nothing of fracturing the Commandments en bloc with perfect impartiality,' added Lancelot. 44 The fact is, they're about as bad a lot as a man could well lay his linger upon, out of the Isle of Portland. But I'll take you over the moor to-morrow, and 'you shall see them in their dens.' 44 They are not half as black as Mr. Brackenbury paints them,' said Miss Savage, gently. To which Mr. Cochrane replied that they were at all events block enough to be interesting, and that he was impatient to know more of them. 44 Be sure that you see old Lois.' 44 Old Lois ! — wlio is she ? The legendary centenarian of the neighbourhood ? ' 44 She is a very, very old woman — nobody knows how old. Her grandmother was burned for witchcraft ages ago, when she was a little child, and she used to say she remembered it.' 14 How delightful ! Perhaps 6be remembers the Crusades, and will tell me something about the origin of her people. They came over with one of your ancestors, did they not, Miss Savage ? ' 44 With Herbert de Langtrey, who is said to have joined the TLiid Crusade and to have brought home with him twelve Saracen captives. So runs the story, but we have no evidence for it.' 44 But Herbert de Langtrey was a real personage, I suppose?' 44 Oh, yes— he was a real personage. And he not only came home from the Third Crusade, but went out again some years afterwards with the Fifth, under Baldwin, Count of Flanders, and fell at the Siege of Constantinople in 1203. You may see his effigy in thd old parish church — a melancholy, noseless gentleman in chain armour, with his feet crossed, to show that he died in the Holy War.' 44 He might well look melancholy,' said Lancelot. 44 Isn't he the fellow who left his bride on her wedding day, and came home to find her dead ? ' 44 No — that was Wilfred de Langtrey — a very different person. But Mr. Cochrane will be wearied to death by these old tales ! ' 44 On the contrary, they interest me immensely,' replied Cochrane. 44 Pray tell me about Wilfred do 'Langtrey. Was he also a Crusader ? ' 44 Oh, dear, no— the Crusades were over long before his time. He lived in the reign of lienry the Sixth, and was taken prisoner at the Battle of Patay in 1429. But I am a bad story-teller. I am giving you the end before the beginning.' 44 1 prefer it that way,' said Cochrane. 44 1 always'read the third volume Of a novel before 1 read the first. Pray go on— or go back.' 44 Well, I ought to have begun by saying that he was betrothed to a certain beautiful Lady Geraldine ; and that, being summoned quite suddenly to the war, he married her in all haste, left her that same day, and sailed straight for Franco, where it is said he distinguished himself at the siege of Orleans— that was, I think, in 1428 ; and the next year he was taken prisoner.' ' Then, of course, the lady died ? ' 44 Not while she believed he lived. But his captivity lasted for years, and though he wrote, his letters never reached her. At last, when she could hope no longer, she died.' 44 And he rode into the courtyard just as she had breathed her last breath ? ' Miss Savage smiled. 44 Nay, you are laughing at my story,' she said. ' By no means ; hut that is how all such stories end. They reproduce themselves like solar myths. However, he did come hack ?' 44 Yes — when it was too late.' 44 And turned monk ? ' 44 No — he did better. He earned his sword to Venice, and died fighting the battles of the Republic. Would you like to see the Lady Geraldine's grave ? She is supposed to have been buried on the highest point of the Ridge— just above our heads.' He declared that he should like it above all things. So they left the path for a track leading still higher, which brought them presently to a little knoll on the brink of a sand- cliff almost overhanging the meadows. Here, shaded by a clump of stunted firs and almost over grown by brambles, stood four weatherworn granite slabs, placed edgewise in the form of a trough, some eight feet in length by three in breadth. The enclosed space was full of weeds. A fifth slab, evidently part of the ancient covering stone, lay half -buried in the ground a few yards off. 44 The story goes that she asked to be buried here, on the spot where she watched daily for his coming,' said Miss Savage, half shily, as deprecating the incredulity of her audience. 44 You see what a view it commands. The place goes by the name of * The Bride-stones.' ' 44 There must have been a painful disparity of age — several centuries at least — between Sir Wilfred and the fair Geraldine,' said Cochrane smiling. 44 Thi6 is neither more nor less than a kist-vaen— and in excellent preservation.' * 4 A kist-vaen— what ik that ?' 44 A sepulchral monument, commonly called pre-histonc ? probably the grave of some early British chieftain. But do pot look so disappointed, Miss Savage. The thing is much more curious than if it really contained the bones j of vour traditionary heroine.' . _ 44 But I prefer my heroine to your chieftain ; and I don t feel inclined to give her up.' 44 Keep her, by all means, my dear lady. 1 don't ask you to give up anything hilt her grave. But tins monument is a most undeniable kist-vaen. It has been opened, too a long time ago, apparently, by the look of that cover and the depth at which it is buried.' ' I wonder who opened it,' said Lancelot. 44 Your friends, the 4 dark-folk,' no doubt ; and all they got for their pains, most likely, was a handful of bones, a few potsherds, and nerhaps an old bronze torque. But I should like to re- open it. They may have overlooked something.' 44 You, arc welcome to excavate it to any depth you please,' said Braikenbury, indifferently. 'jlm I? Then you must provide me with a couple of diggers; and if I come upon the Lady Geraldine, I promise to hand her over to Miss Savage for Christian burial.' Then looking round, almost for the first time, he remarked upon the extent and beauty of the prospect. 44 You see part of three counties,' said Miss Savage ; ' end on a clear day, fifteen towns and villages.' 44 1 can well believe it. What place is that with three or four church spires yonder ? ' 44 Singleton, where we were eating our luucheon a couple of hours ago,' answered Lancelot. 44 And this queer quadrangular building surrounded by trees?' This time it was Miss Savage who replied. 44 This is Langtrey Grange,' she said, smiling. But (he smile was quickly followed by a sigh. Chapter XVIII.— Langtrey Grange. Cochrane was nothing if not critical ; but he at once con fessed that neither at home nor abroad had been seen any thing to compare, in its way, with Langtrey Grange. He fell in love at the first glimpse of it between the trees, and his admiration, expressed in a gathering crescendo, increased at every step. The house stood in the midst of a green fiat, embowered in trees, surrounded by pastures, and approached by a private road interrupted by at least a dozen gates. Miss Savage, however, conducted them by a shorter way, first crossing the little river by a high wooden bridge, and then taking a footpath across the meadows. Presently they came to a field larger than the rest, in which there were many cows and some fine elms ; and then through an open ing in the trees, Mr. Cochrane caught sight of a most curious old house patterned all over in black and white, with projecting upper storeys, and all kinds .of jutting gable-ends, and ivy-grown chimneys, and quaint casement windows filled with ancient lozenge-paned glass that winked and glittered in the afternoon sunlight. Drawing nearer, he saw that this house was cut off from the surrounding meadows by a moat, and approached by a dilapidated rtone bridge ; the rampart having been pulled down to right and left cf the bridge, and the ground converted into a green slope planted with cherry-trees to the water's edge. Never had he beheld so quaint a dwelling-house. It was like a great toy ; and the patterning of the walls was as various and capricious as the designs in a Japanese puzzle. Squared off into compartments by the larger beams, every foot of the surface was diapered with chevrons, quatcrfoils, crosses, diamonds, diagonals, circles, and the like, all done in limber upon a plaster ground — the timber painted black, and the plaster toned down by age to a creamy yellow, And there were black pendants'like stalactites at each gable corner ; and lines of carved scroll-work under the jutting caves ; and over the gateway, supported by twisted pillars, two at each side, a deep cornice quaintly sculptured with rows of heraldic shields in panelled recesses. These shields yet showed traces of gold and colours ; but all the rest — pillars, capitals, cornices, pendants— were in old black oak. Cochrane stood for a moment, still and silent. It seemed to him that he was looking at a very old and very beautifu picture. Then his delight broke out in exclamations. The absence of uniformity, the surprising fancifulness of the details, moved him to* a sort of antiquarian rapture. Above all, he was charmed with the soft harmony of colour ; the time-worn tints of tho wood and plaster ; the faded reds and yellows-of the old Hat roofing tiles ; the sober green of the vy which had spread up all one side of the wing to the right of the gateway and overrun a cluster of tall chimneys above, looking like a gigantic hand in a green glove, with one finger pointing upwards. 44 In heaven's name ! ' he cried, 44 what is the date of this house ? ' But Lancelot, smiling, bade him follow Miss Savage, who had gone on white they stood gazing, and was now crossing the bridge over the moat. A blind retriever lying in the gateway lashed the ground feebly with his tail at her approach, and, pulling himself together by an effort, followed her into the courtyard. At sight of this courtyard — or rather of the buildings by which it was surrounded — Mr. Cochrane drew a long breath. The south side — that by which they entered — was two storeys in height ; the north, east, and west sides, but one. The east side, to their right as they stood in the gateway, consisted of a long uniform wing lit by four large casement windows on the ground floor, and by four smaller ones above. It contained the offices. The north side, now facing them, contained the dwelling-rooms, and was the part of the house inhabited by Miss Langtrey and her niece. The west side, being carried only half way, ended in a boldly patterned gable- end with carved pilasters at the corners; white a low wall and a small gate connected it with the north, or entrance, wing. This gate led to the cherry-orchard by the moat, and round to the garden at the back. But it was the north side opposite the gateway that held Mr. Cochrane breathless. The quaintness of the outer facade was as nothing to the quaintness of this inner front. To describe it in such wise as to convey any exact impression by means of words is impossible. It was simply a fantastic and heterogeneous jumble of parts that seemed to have no connection with each other — to have been set down, as it were, by accident, and left there by mistake. The doorway was in'the left-hand comer— a wonderful old doorway enclosing a deep, dark porch flanked on each side by three clusters of twisted pillars, and surmounted by a cornice quaintly carved in rosettes and zigzags, all in black wood. Above this porch were three courses of quarterfoils in timber and plaster work, white upon black, and black upon white in panelled recesses divided by dwarf pilasters ; the whole supporting a very large window sur mounted by a gable. This porch-window projected some twelve feet beyond what seemed to be the main line of building. The rest of the front consisted of two most sin gular and picturesque bay windows ; the one a half-octagon ranging level with the porch ; the other a half sexagon placed considerably more forward, and filling the angle at the N.E. corner of the courtyard. These windows Btood wide apart below ; but their upper storeys, each face capped with a jutting gable end, so faroverhung their basements that* they met above, forming a continuous chain of casements placed at all kinds of angles. They looked, in short, like a pair of enormous, top-heavy lanterns leaning against each other ; or like two very elaborate and fragile towers of glass which a breath might shatter. Cochrane stood and gazed, and did not utter a word — gazed at the courses of scroll-and-panel-work that divided the lower from the upper 6toreys of these wonderful old windows; at the varied patterns of the tiny casement-panes, set in shapes of stars, roses, crosses, diamonds, find the like ; at the grotesque heads terminating every bracket and pen dant and gargoyle ; at the crests and mottoes and quaint legends carved along the cross-beams under the nodding gables. Here he read: — 44 Laungtrey-Loyaulte.' On the next beam: 44 God is in al thinge.' A little farther on : "THIS WINDOW WHIRE REPAYRED BY PHILIP LAUGTREY— IN YE YEARE OF OURE LORDE MDLIX." Lancelot watched him. enjoying his undisguised astonish ment. Miss Savage's attention, meanwhile, was engrossed by some 'three -St four score of snowy fan-tailed pigeons. These pretty creatures — her own especial pets — had espied her from the roof ; and first one, then two, then hart a dozen, came fluttering down, cooing and curtseying about i her feet, and clamouring softly for their accustomed! food. LaughiDg, she took off her hat, and let them settle in a. cloud on her head, on her shoulders, oh her upraised hand and arm. The slanting sunlight caught her where she stood, .. white behind her lay the old house all in shadow. It was a ready-made picture, and Lancelot, looking oh ' with the eye of an artist, longed to paint it on the spot. 1 44 Well,' he 6aid presently, 44 what do you think of the place ? Does it come np to your expectation ?' Mr. Cochrane's wandering gaze had by this time strayed down from the windows to the courtyard. He was looking almost with surprise, evidently with admiration, uo longer at the house, but at the lady. 44 My expectation ?' he 'said slowly. 44 My expectation fell far short of the reality.' She was tall — taller than he had at first supposed — younger, fairer, altogether lovelier and more attractive. Her evelids, too, were no longer red ; and now that he saw her without her hat, he discovered that she had wonderfully kind, frank, pleasant eyes, blue rather than gray, with long dark lashes, and a half shy, half eager look in them which might easily flash into laughter, or kindle into honest anger. The brows above those eyes were level, and the forehead broad and low; and the mouth — well, yes; the mouth teas large. Not so large as he had thought ; yet larger than quite coincided with Mr. Horace Cochrane's standard of perfection. But it was a beautiful mouth, for all that, and the little even teeth which that smile disclosed were perfectly charming. As for her hair— bright, wavy chestnut hair, with glint of red gold upon it — he had no fault to find with that ; not even with the way she wore it, though nothing could well he more careless without being positively untidy. Scanning her thus critically, point by point, as he might have scanned an uncatalogued painting in a gallery, hesi tating to what mabter it should be attributed, he decided that Miss Savage not only came up to the level of her reputation, hut that there was something peculiarly fresh and vivid in her beauty — that it belonged, in fact, to the Venetian school, and that she ought to have been painted [had she only lived three hundred years ago) by Paris Bordone. He half thought, indeed, that she reminded him of a Bordone which he had seen somewhere or another abroad, but he could not remember where. Meanwhile the pigeons circled, and lighted, and strutted ; and Miss Savage, unconscious of criticism, thought only of feeding them. . * 44 Do please, Lancelot, tap on the kitchen window, and bid Joan or Bridget bring me some food for thc-m,' she cried, anpealingly. Lancelot did as he was bidden, and a buxom damsel in pattens presently appeared with a sieve of barley in her hand. 44 Thof' het their bait, Miss, a'readv,' she said in a tone of remonstrance. 44 1 dunno what Bridget 'ull snv.' Winifred laughed, and flung the barley in great handfuls about the yard. 44 Never fear, Joan,' she said. 44 Leave Bridget to me. I will take the blame. Here Lily .'—poor Lily Rtine- Blanche ! Snowdrift ! . . . . Oh, Bijou, you greedy hird. How dare you be so bold ? ' Bijou had perched on the edge of the sieve, and was im pudently helping himself. 41 So each pigeon has its name ? But when all are white, how can you possibly tell one bird from another ? ' asked Mr. Cochrane, with suddenly awakened interest. She looked round, smiling. 44 How does a shepherd know his sheep ? My pigeons look all alike to you, because you are not accustomed to them ; yet I see 'as much difference between Bijou, and Lily, and Snowdrift, as if no two were of the same colour. But you are waiting all this time to pay your visit to my aunt and see the house ! I am treating you veiy rudely.' 41 1 am seeing the house now,' said Cochrane. _ 44 The inside cannot possibly be as picturesque as the outside.' Miss Savage put the 6ieve on the ground, Bijou and all ; said a few words in alow voice to Joan; and, leaving her pets to finish their meal, offered to lead the way through the unoccupied rooms. 4,1 have sent word to my aunt that you arc here,' she said ; 44t-ut before you go in, you may as well see the south wing. Down, Prince— down ! No, Jack— you must stay outside. Good dogs — lie down.' She led the way to a door under the gateway, first fetching the key from where it hung inside the porch. The lock was rusty, and Lancelot with difficulty turned the key. 44 We hardly ever open these rooms,' said Miss Savage 44 They are full of dust and ghosts, and are going fast to ruin.' 44 Ghosts .' Are you so rich that you own more than one ?' 44 On the contrary, we are so poor that we don't own even one. There is a legend about a light that is seen in the gallery overhead, when a Langtrey is going to die; but that is a poor substitute for a family Bpectre, and we refuse to believe in it. You are now in the Little Hall. I don't know what use they made of it in the old time -we have turned it into a lumber-room for all kinds of rubbish.' It was u gloomy room with panelled walls, and one large easement window so thick with dust that it let in scarcely any light. It was not so dim, however, but that they could see at the farther end a heterogeneous pile of old furniture, packing-cases, tarnished cornices and picture frames, mouldy harness, rusty pikes and halberts, old bookcases, boxes, fishing-tackle, garden-tools, and the like. Beyond this lay a smaller room, called the ' Still-Room,' surrounded by presses and communicating by a passage with the old kitchen in the East 'Wing — a great, gloomy cavern of a place, with rows of rusty hooks in the rafters overhead, and a huge fire place at which many an ox had been roasted in the olden time. Never since Stephen Langtrey's father came of age had those rafters echoed to the laughter of wassailers. The hearth had been cold for more than fifty years. The hams and flitches were gone; and the place now contained only a quantity of firewood stacked against the wall, and a store of potatoes laid by for winter consumption. Mi . Cochrane peeped up the chimney — a blackened funnel ending in a patch of daylight high above— and compared it to a shaft in a coal mine. Then they retraced their steps, went in at another door on the opposite side of the gateway, and found themselves in the Great Hall, or Banqueting Boom, which, with its old black pannelling, high-carved chimney-piece, and frag ments of rusty armour hanging on the walls, occupied the other half of the South Front ground-floor. Thence, by way of a narrow staircase, Miss Savage took them up to the first floor. 44 These,' she said, 44 are what used to be called the 4 State Apartments.' You are now entering the Long Gallery, or Throne-room, where Queen Elizabeth is said to have danced.' Following her into this Long Gallery, they found an old white-haired woman-servant hastily removing the cover from an ancient arm-chair standing on a little dais under a faded canopy at the upper end of the room. „ 44 So, among your ancestral honours, you number a visit from the Virgin Queen ! ' said Cochrane. 44 Yes ; she stayed here for a night in the course of one of ' her Northern Progresses— I think, in 1587. Is that right, Bridget?' 44 In the year of our Lord fifteen hundred and seventy eight, Miss,' replied the old dame, dropping one little f urteey to Brackenbury, and another to the stranger. 44 Her j Most Gracious Majesty arrived on the twenty-eighth of May, accompanied by the Lords Burleigh, Leicester, Arundel, and Hunsdon, and a numerous suite ; and departed the following morning. That is the chair in which her . Most Gracious Majesty sat ; and in this gallery she danced a measure with Sir Marmadukc Langtrey.' ^ 44 1 never can remember whether it was in eighty-seven or seventy-eight,' laughed Miss Savage; 44 but you will find it duly chronicled in 4 Nichol's Progresses ' — and in Bridget's portentous memory. She wil 1 tell you all about the portraits, loo— better than any catalogue.' 