SFRA LUIGI'S"MARRIAGE. (From Scrinnerts Magaine.) "A sad strange tale it is, and long to tell: Would 't weary you to hear it, sir? It fell To me alone to witness how he wed, .. Young Fra Luigi. Years he has been dead, Yet it doth seem but little while ago. I loved him. That is how I came to know What-no osi knew but' me. " Twas on a day When all'roads oit of Rome were brightand gay With daisies and anemones; the spring Th-.illed every little lark and thrush to sing; So full the sunlit air of bloom and song, An honr seemed but a magic moment long. You know the grand Basilica they call Paolo Santo, past the city wall? 'Twas thre. " The taler is'stringe, .ilniost r fear Lest it seemfalse unto your foreign ear. Bui you may trust it, isr. I loved him so I knew what she who bore hint did not know. The day-this spring day full of song and bloom I hear those larks yet singing in the broom Had been for months appointed as the day WhVen he-his i.iend Andrea, too-should lay His worldly garments at the altar down And take the Benedictine cowl and gown. Perhabi you've seen that service, sir? "Nay! Then You'd like to hear how they make monks of men. I've not forgotten it. I loved him so Each thing that happened on that day I know As it were yesterday." "A monk? Yon said Your tale was how the Fra Luigi wed." "Ay, so it is." " Did take the church has bride ? That is no secret marvellous to hide Behind thy phrase." " Nv. no such empty phrase Above my tale its idle shelter lays. The Fra Luigi's bride had face more fair Than any blossom in that spring.time air. I stood that day the nearest to Iher side. Ansl well the face of Fra Luigi's bride I knew, for I hadl served her house when she First gladdened it by her sweet in'ancy. S:arn sat the Abbot in his snow-white chair, Between the violet marble pillars fair. Thae columns of red porphyry shone asnd gleamed Beneath the yellow quivering rays that streamel From myriad tapers nmaking light so fast The gorgeous Baldacchino scarce did cast A shadow on tile altar underneath, O 'on the faces cold and still as death Of all the Benedictine brothers placed In solemn circles which the altar faced. The priests' robes blazed with scarlet and with gold : The swinging censers flashed with gems untold, And music wildly sorrowful and slow All down the shadowed aisles went echoing low. As men who walked with heaven full in sight, Their faces lit by supernatural light, Lusigi ansd Andrea came andt knelt. The siler.ce like a darkness could be felt la which their voices rang out young and clear. Taking the vows so terrible to hear, Obedience and poverty till death, And chastity in every act and breath: Between the vows sweet-chanted prayers were said Timt they might keep these vows till they : were dead : Ali me ! I think the good God sorrow?l then To'see such burdens laid on mortal men. Next came the kiss of peace. In every eyve Sprang tears, as glidina slow and noiselessly Like ghosts, the enenictines one by one Embraced and kissed each novice. "All was done Now, save that last, most dreadful sight of all, The dying to the worldl. ." One gold-wrought pall Of black the acolytes laid on the ground. The music sank to lower, sadder sound. Another pall was lifted high to spread Above the Iodlic.. "With a joyous tre!d Luigi catte to lay him down. Once glance He liftedl-oh, what sped the fatal chance? What cruel fate his ardent eyes did guide Unto her face who had been born his bride? I saw the glance. I saw the quick blood mount Her cheek as well as his. No man may count flow swift love's motion in a vein carl be; Light is a laggard, by its ecstasy. 'Twas but a glance:-I sa:d this tale was stranuge Might seem to you but idle--such a change Did pass upon their faces, his and hers, As comes upon the sea, when sudden stirs A nighty wind. More ghastly now and Than he were dead, Luigi's face. " The rite Went on. The pall upon their forms was dropped. Rigid they lay, as if their hearts had s stopped : The candles flickered down : the light grew dim: The sin'ers chanted low a funeral hymn: The mother's sobs broke on the stifled air; For living sons lay worse than lifeless there. At last the pall was lifted. Now commands To rise in name of God were read. With hands Unsteady in his joy, the Abbot pressed Their brows, and witlh his benediction blessed The new-born men. "Triumphant now, and loud The Mass went on. The new-?adle brothers bowed And kneft in prayer beside the rest. "At last The tedious Mass was done. With eyes Sdowncast, ' Slow.moving, one by one, the monks arose. The silent threshold of their cloister close Thsey silent crossed: Luigi did not rise. Thinking him rapt in prayer, with reverent eyes And hauds crossed on his breast, the brother next Stood waiting - waited long- at length, perplexest, . le bent him dlown and gently on his arm Laid hand:awe-stricken, inma quick alarm, Upon his kneesahe fell ;·,Luigi'ashead,: He lifted.' It fell hack. . .. . "'Theman is dead!' He cried. Themonks in wild confusion bore The body swiftly through the cloister idoor. Some'women shrieked and fainted: and the crowd Weitosurging from the church with iurmnura loud. None saw but me one white and anguished face, Fair as a broken lilyin its grace, Luigi's bride. With slow unfaltering feet And a composure deathly calm and sweet, She walked the long and columned aisles, nor hore More heavily than she hid borne befor Upon her father's arm. "Next day, all Rome Was ringing with the tale how God called home, In the first moment of his sacred vows, The young Luigi. WVell the priesthood knows How best to turn to good account each thing Which sets the multitude a marveling. And it was well, Luigi's mother thought, Her son so soonhad certain heaven bought. But I-I knew it was the heaven he lost, The terror of the other hIeaven's coat, That broke his heart: and I, too, said 'twas well, " I The grare was better than the cloister cell' And when a few months later, 'neath a mound Which daisies whitened still, and while the sound Of larks still lingered in the summner air, Was laid Luigi's bride, so young, so fair, I said that, too, was well: that heaven a, kind, And itsome world she would Luigi find. They called it Roman fever, and tihey ca.l She took it.on that day the you:?; :hok dead Was found in San Paolo: that the pace Had always deadly been ! a saol lhrace Benedlictines there to double death - Were doomed. And thus its ignoranat, il breath The world a brief space spent and tea forgot. llut I- lovred Lnigi. I could not Forget : nor never will : nmy tale is tro.. I loved him so: that is the way I knIew.' 