; Victorian Sporting Items. [BT ELEOTKIO TELEGRAPH.] . (FltOBI OUR- OffK COBBKSPOMDENr), MELBOURNE, Thursday; *,àoÔHSJDEBADi.E amount of betting Las ensued during tho :'treen', a good doal ot which was on the Cauldold Cup. * Bardoujx hap beeu well backed np to 100 to 12, and oren ' ÏOO'S to 13 were booked. This advance bad the oileot ol 1 pending back Trump YOBS to 10 to 1. Bathurst and River ton'wjre backed for small amounts ut the same price. Ïloable event book s were opened on the Guineas and Caul eld Cup-Wheatear, Royal Maid, Kohinoor, and Topaz "being oiioseu for tho Guineas, coupled with Sardonyx, Woodlands, Trump YOBS, and Bathurst for tho Cn». -, Over the Maribyrnong Plate there has been a good doal Of, betting. Segenhoe is flrBt favourite at 100 to ll, but Iphigenn, Prince George, Morpeth, Mistake, and others have xecoived liberal Bupport. .For tho Derby Darebin is a trifle Aimer, Somorsetisnow ' at 7 to 2, Duke 4 to 1, bpinningdslo ana Daretiu 0 to 1 .ach, and Somnus 7 to 1. ';' The scratching of Progress for the Molbonrne Cup haB ' strengthened tho position of Duchess, about whom 100 to 15 kas boen, accepted, Waxy 100 to 8, a«d Bathurst ICO te 7. 'Several other horses have been backed at loner prices. ? In Darriwoll and Progress two good horses are out oí the Melbourne Cup. Tho former has gone wrong, but Progress is ail. right, only boimg withdrawn because Wilson conuidered ho had ono, if not two, better in the 'Stable. ' Yeomans hun arrived at Flemington with the 2-year .ld colt (Jetewayo. The mooting of tho V.R.C. will be held on the 27th, when tho follewiug propositions will ho made :-1. Tbat 'em official racing oalondar be published monthly by the V.R.C. 2. That tlio committee submit the following now role to a special goiieral meeting, to be called for tho pur- pose of considering tho sante before the ensuing Sering &eeting.; Rule-Tho rules of tho V.R.C. shall apply to all meetings held under the control of tho V.R.C. or advertised la tho officiai racing calendar, to bo held subject to the V.R.C. rules. If a horse run at any mooting in Vic- toria which it not sb advertised, or where tho said rules fhall notboin force, ho is perpetually disqualified from aniline upoa th<> F lamington racecourse. The cemmitteo pi tho V.K.O. may, at their discretion prohibit the advor fcisemeut of any mooting in the official raoing c&lonclar.; I. That nb raco shall be run upon the Flemington race- course to which le*s tlian £50 is added." 1 ' Thursday next tho Amatour Tnrf Club will inaugurato ?heir first important Spring mooting. Por the Hurdle?, phurringllo or Sportsman aro mest likely to supply tho winner. Stoepleohano: Although Twilight heads tho list, gho Bhould win, with Ajax, first Love, and Aotresa. JUlarioiiH, th« Nor/ Zealandor, will make bis first appcar anoe in tho Corinthian Flat Race, and will probably win ft,' Then comos the' Toorak Handicap, with Hilarious,Tho Ghost, Josephina, nntl Cantata. Visitors aro beginning t* arrive for the sprinc raoe ynootiugs. Tho ro«ult of tho flrHt forfoifc for tho Maribyrnong plato fi that 49 are still left in, and probably 25 will g* to the j>ost. Eli J eliott announces his iutention to sell all his torsos In'training, stables, &o.;, stating ss a roason that ho has for several years been uesuooesafally competing axuinst jjprejudioial hnndio»pp«rw and other uoprepitioas fates, dNP ; There is a ooniitio* attached to the Melbourne Cup. If nominators do net pay up tho seoosi forfeit en Thursday next thoy aro lieble for tho whole stake, and if the whole ftakobonot »aid by ll o'clock on the saernlsg Wort» the *&oo;, tho nominator ii net only Hablo for the whoir* itako, but his horno will not bo allowed to start. Only 13 horso.i havu been nominated for tb« Geelong ^aoinic Club Siioa' Produce Stakot of 1885. None aro from ai.8. Wales. Tho scratchings for the Melbourne Cap ere Progress, Strathearn, Atluntio, Mewerina, Sunnyside, and Darri troll. Thoro hau been nothing of * particularly interesting icharncter on tho training grounds during the week: the wiri all quantity of ruin which hna fallon han improved tho iCraiuing traeks. TTie Now Zealand horses aro In good form, espnoisll Hilarious nnd Soinnnn, the only colt who ia vory gar Ï3o«worth, Wellington, ßollftdrum, Wercwry, Darebin,and ©thora woro nil givou uuuful exercise. 