\f ' ;pRANGEISM AT MUDGi-EE. ? (From a Correspondent) The Orange fiasco celebration in memory of Dutch Billy took place on the 12th instant, on which ocoasion the stock speeches, characteristic of such meetings, were delivered. The chair was taken by Mr. Davidson, solicitor, who Baid ho felt the greatoBt delicacy in 3peakiug of the gran deur of Orangeism, and though not a formal mombor it still had his sympathy and blessing. His nrtfifieh was almost verbally tho pamo as thooe delivered by him on similar previous occasions — short and very laboured in endeavouring to avoid giving utterance to any expression which might, tend to lesson his law practico, from tho fact of being considered a real live member of the lodgo. The attentive brethren, while listening with every mark of rospect, felt embarrassed at tho feoblonoss of his' expressions, and tho poverty of his attempt to disguise the high position to which they had elevated him, but which now, alas ! ho forfeited in consequence of such ambiguity. ; The Bev. Mr. Qoorgo, Methodist parson, led off noxt. At first ho scomod shy, this being his first appearance in public; subsequently, how evor, he grew slowly warmer with tho gravity of tho ocoasion. His appearance and mannor are, not prepossessing, . houco tho discussion among the 'brothers' as to tho propriety of his being ''selected' ;_as ono of tho speakers. Ho said he was convinced that tho society had done good tb the State from the fact of their being in fluential enough' to seize every important Govern ment situBtiori.- I must agree with Mr. George 'publio 'offices are filled with them, and every Wesleyari's son has but to' apply to tho central craft' for a snug billet. So far, Mr. George— if this be not a benefit to the State, it is undoubtedly beneficial to the hungry horde of placo-hunters that is always on the alert for power and pelf. .v 'Mr! George, like the oily pastor of t.ho Kirk, who has been often fed arid housed gratuitously at the expense of Catholic hospitality, counsels brotherly love to tlib persbus of unoffending 'Catholics. Oh yes! to their hats, coals, and boots —bnt deadly1 hatred when they kneel down to adoro God -the 'Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. What an abstruse distinc tion, Messrs. George and M'Evven, eh! Love and respect to your Catholic neighbours in the public thoroughfares outBide the church door, but insult anu outrage msiuo. jjuub yy\xv uajjuiiuuuo, g«m,iu meri,:lead to the. inference that such divisible lov.e 'is I either possible or practicable even among the majority ^ of your hearers ? If so, a new discovery his 'been made, and you two tiny brimmed-hntted gentlomen deserve a more honourable position ' at the celebration of tho ,12th. '?? : .???-;/. ::!'':' ;.'. ' . Pastor Allen,' of Hyde Park notoriety, ontors now, in the character of William III. mounted on a grey hobby horse,and is saluted with rounds of applause. -How feeble and tottering Orangoism must be, when rib ..more presentable person could be induced to come and prop it ujp than this de luded riot-maker, need not be montioned. Ho was announced to preach in tho Presbyterian Church in the morning, at tho special requeat of the Bev. Alexander M'Ewen, on tho Reformatipn, and in the evening on Revolu tion. What a happy selection of sub jects.. Oh ye peace-loving Presbyterians ! Sulphur arid brirnatone for morning service — blood arid iron for ev-ening. Oh, meek followers of iriimaculate Kri'ox and Wesley ! excuse me if I let the curtain drop once and for over, and say adieu.. '?'??', '.'': ' ?;?'???.?.? ??;:.?? ?'.. ?The Rev. Brother Dobson, late secedor from Primitive Methodism, and present incumbent of St. Luke's Church of England, Gulgong, comes may concarn that this is a hoaven-born genius, having mastered aU tho Anglican authorities and, it is said, in three weeks passed a 'creditable, examination in ' the city of tho plains,' was ordained, sent to convert tho Gulgongifces, and has converted thenVat least to Orangeism, if not to godliness, no small t«st forsooth of his mental calibre. Ho isunweariod in making proselytes to Orangeism ; and addresses his congregations, I am told, .in the. ch'urch on the subject, to tho disedifigation of the more enlightened of his flock. Oh, my Lord Bishop Marsdon, is tliis the purpose for which- you have; dedicated St. Luke's Church ? Tho ovisr memorable scene is brought to a close by tho appearance on the platform of Mr. Daniel Oassin— poet, orator, statesman. Like tho au thor of 'Heresy and Sham,' ho can blow hot and cold, and . trim his sailB to any veering wind, come' whence it may. At one time the wrongs of . Ireland claim his . undivided attention, even to tho shedding of tears ; at another is his troubled soul moved by the errors of Komo. Ho too sings the sane tune, and has tho welfare of tho State rankling at heart. Is it this that caused him to placo the ' man from tho interior' in Parliament, eh ? tho author of ' Heresy and Sham,' and tho evor momorable Gould ? Dan's speech to tho benighted brethren bristles with untruths. It is not true that tho Sisters receiving Government calarieo have not boon examined and classified in tho ordinary way, and Mr. Cassin could have mat-to himoclf acquain ted with tho facts of tho caao by merely stopping into tho school conducted by them in Mudgoe, when ho could discover that they hold tho ex ceedingly high classification of II.A, a classi fication as high as that hold by tho head mistress of tho Mudgeo Public School. Again.it is? not true that any collection was intido during tho Jubilee week for tho restoration of tho temporal power of tho Pope. Suoh a just claim no doubt will remain in abeyance until Orangemen, whoso motto in 'Liberty and juatico to all,' bIiuII bo moved through a deop eenoe of perpetual wrong io givo every one hio own. The sad condition of tho Italians meets with Daniel's unqualified disapproval, though ho must certainly bo awaro that whatovor ac):; of spoliation and wrong aro being committed lnnot bo mainly attributable to secret societies and revolutionary demagogues of a low typo — a typo not altogether unknown m Australia-— sowers of diacord ami contention, hungering for power and place, and adroitly using thorn to further self-interest, to the exclusion of tho just claims and privileges of others. Tho twin brothers Kollott, assisted by Mr. Civil servant, tolograph-lino repairer William H. Oro, and rapt in ceotueios beyond mcaouro, burst forth int) an impromptu rondoring of ' Up with Uio standard of England,' and ' Sweet spirit hoar my prayor,' thus bringing to a final closo ono of the flattest and dreariest celobrations of tho im mortal and pious king that has yet takon placo in t.ho Mudgee MuiMiamos' Institute. 