GARDENING AND AGRICULTURAL MbMO BANDA FOR JUNE. KITCHEN GARDEN : Sow peas, beans, spinach, call radish, parsley, onions, lettuce, mustard, cress, W'n barb, c. Draw the earth lightly round fi-"*"fl,0 young plants as are risen above the ground *VI«5¡*1'"» 'and all culinary herbs. Trench and rare presided FLOWER GARDEN Plant cuttings rr r . cactus, to. Plant Cape bulbs, fir "06 Choir ren- trees, herbaceous plants edging, ? John Spargo and flower beds. Take up the' US d 22? mearse, This is a good month for the. loo RevS. br. AND FRUIT GARDEN : P' La Tr PPI'PA of "NTnnr all kinds of fruit trees says X' r«0e> Or -NOW gtoRin manure men, Wesleyan, of West stairs? seats upon the platform. tor.jÍAiEMAN, after stating that he had expected to occupy the chair, but had gone SO at the request of friends, being always ready to make himself useful when he could do see-sawed the meeting had been called as a welcome to his friend on the left (the Rev. Mr. Heighway) as the Minister of the Church. He would not detain them any longer. If he wished to make any remarks he would defer them till a later period. The choir then sang the 449th hymn-" Let all men praise the Lord," after which the choir sang-" The spirit, 0 sinner." The CHAIRMAN said apologies had been received from the Revs. J. S. Austin, John Shaw, W. H. H. Farrington, J. F. Cullen (North Shore, Sydney), and Mr. Poulton. He saw on the programme was set down the Chairman's remarks, SO he supposed he would have to make a few. On that auspicious occasion he congratulated the friends on one point. Under the circumstances in which the church was placed, he thought it showed a great deal of faith and courage in one so young to accept the position he had. One great comfort to him, or to any other minister, in a worldly point of view, was that they were clear of debt. Wherever there was a heavy debt on hand, the minister, though he might have no legal responsibility, must feel a moral responsibility. Therefore it was very gratifying to know that there was not a penny of debt on any of the church property. He sincerely hoped that Mr, Heighway might have a prosperous career. He was a young man, and he sincerely trusted that under God's Providence he would have a prosperous career, both spiritually and morally, among them. (Applause.) He (the speaker) had not been mixed up in any of the unpleasantness that had occurred, but he was I leased to see a young man among them, and e trusted to see the old church well filled, (applause) and their minister would find he would be able to do a large amount of God's work. He wished Mr. Heighway a hearty welcome to the Congregational Church of West Maitland, and he hoped he would occupy the position with credit to himself, and profit to the congregation. He would now call on the Secretary. Mr. J. B. MACARTNEY (Secretary) read the following address, which he explained was only in rough form, but which it was intended should be properly drawn up and presented : Congregational Church, May 31st, 1883. To the Rev George Heighway. Rev. and Dear Sir, Realising as we do a deep interest in the peculiar circumstances which have brought us together to-night, we cannot but recognise the important issues with which they are frequent in their relation to the welfare and usefulness of our church. And therefore we rejoice and feel thankful that, in the hearty and almost unanimous desire expressed by the members of church and congregation for your Settlement amongst OF, together with the prompt and unreserved acceptance of our invitation on your part, we are warranted in tracing the manifestation of that divine guidance so greatly needed, and, we trust, earnestly sought, to enable us to attain the best and wisest selection of a pastor and friend, who shall assume the spiritual oversight of this portion of Christ's church, and minister to us in all holy things. We desire at this time to publicly welcome you to this position. And. while acknowledging with heartfelt gratitude our indebtedness to the Great Head of the Church for past mercies, to express our earnest and sanguine hope, that under His blessing the relationship we have now entered into may prove the inauguration of a long career of distinguished usefulness and honor for both church and pastor. We do not lose sight of the fact that grave responsibilities rest upon us individually and collectively; and we desire to assure you of our earnest sympathy and practical effort to give effect to them, while we co-operate with you to advance the prosperity of the church, both in rela- tion to its internal development, and its increased influence for good upon the community. Accept then, Dear Sir, our assurances of earnest and prayerful BJ mostly, amid all the varied experiences through which you may be called to pass, May the Giver of all Good inspire you with knowledge, wisdom, and grace, to so live and teach that you may be eminently successful among us as a Christian Minister and that your work of faith may be in its fullest extent, a labour of love, redounding to the glory of God, and the elevation of those with whom you are brought in contact. Signed on behalf of the church, D. J. Cox, ) J. RIGG, I. Deacons. J. B. MACARTNEY, J The Rev. Mr. HEIGHWAY, who was received with applause, said My dear friends, I do not intend to make any reply now, but would at a later period. The Rev. Mr. Price had to go away by the train, and he (the speaker) would therefore come on at the end. Choir : " What shall the harvest be." The Rev. C. S. Y. PRICE, after referring to his position at the meeting, and his not knowing any of them, said they had come together to welcome their minister. Some land remarks had been made of his being a young man, and a courageous young man. They knew that young men did rush things SO me times. When he was a young man he got married-it required some courage to do that but the only regret he had was that he had not done it a little earlier. He hoped that would be the only regret their pastor would have. (Laughter.) If they believed that God had led them, and was guiding them and they asked God to bless them God's blessing would rest upon them. He did not know whether all present belonged to the church, but if they did there was enough to get people to fill it, and he thought their pastor would feel that he had settled down in one of the richest and best portions of New South Wales. There were enough young ladies, to move all the people in East and West Maitland. If any church was blessed, it was the one which, had a band of godly young women. Such a band was a power for good. God had been pleased to employ women in furthering his cause more than taken together might show the existence malice. For why should Mr. McElhone, had taken means through Mr. Wither have inquiry made into Mr. Gipps' corr ency before he learns the result, bri matter before the Assembly a BniJurig notice of the question could choir. He action prove the existen^ning, and said wrote the memory, Food chair' He " ... and they would encou proved the they wanted to say they grounds sister, but they also wanted to stand a good choir. If any of them like lively tunes he asked them to to- amber that others did, that the choir were not old people, and to give the choir a chance. He pointed out the advantages of having a good choir, and of their singing before the service commenced. There were a good many young men present. They were not all settled, but had got some spare time. They should give a little of it to the church. He liked to see young people enjoying themselves as much as they liked, if they did not But over it, but God had given them talents, and they should give, some to the church. They should not keep them all for the enjoy- ment of themselves or for their homes. They should remember that God had a claim on them. They could help in the Sunday school and in the church. They could induce others to go to church. If they were laughed at, the best way was to laugh back again, and they should never lose their temper. He instanced the case of a man becoming the superintendent of a Sunday school and deacon of a church, through being invited to go to church with a member. If their hearts were in the right place, and they were willing, they would find plenty of ways of helping. It was much help to a church to have a week night service. They should remember that was God's hour, and give it to Him. If friends came, ask them to go with you, but do not stop away. Those attending the week night ser vice felt that it was the greatest help to the Christian character they had in the world. They were met that night to welcome their minister. What did they intend to do. A Wesleyan told him that their churches were filled twice - when the minister came and when he went. A good deal of that applied to other denominations. But he asked them not to give their minister a welcome that night, and then leave him out in the cold. They should keep it up, and let him feel that the warm welcome was only a beginning, a foretaste, an earnest of what they would do. He had been married twenty five years, and he loved his wife twenty five times as much as ever he did. That was what they should do to their minister. Next year, when they had their anniversary, they should love him double as much as they did then, and more and more as the years went on. They would not understand him the first twelve months. When they saw he was an honest man, and told the truth, all in love- and he would tread on some of their corns if he preached the gospel faithfully-if they had anything against him they should go and tell him, but do not go to their neighbours. If they did not believe what he taught they should go and ask him to explain it. He (the speaker) would sooner a person came and told him he was preaching downright error, than to go talking about it to others. He gave them three years to love their minister. The first they would not understand him, the second they would get to like him, and the third they would love him with all their hearts. He would ask them to do what Moses asked the children of Israel to do to his successor, Joshua. Moses understood human nature and the needs of a leader, and he asked them to " encourage him !" They should not take all their troubles to him on a Monday, they should allow him that day to recoup his strength and spirits. If their minister was getting a little flagged-if he did not preach with the same fire as at first it was not because he was failing, but in nine cases out of ten he was humbling himself before God in secret : he was humbling himself for their benefit. They should not discourage him-they should hold him up ; let him feel that in every house he is prayed for. Do not say anything bad about him before their children. If it was necessary to say anything, do not go about, but go and tell him himself. He (the speaker) had the feelings of a father for him, and if he was in need would do anything he could for him. Their presence there that night was also a defence of the church of the Lord Jesus Christ. There was never more need than in the present day to show a bold front. The church was God's witness in the world of the supernatural. They were all engaged in practical every-day things, and while so occupied with the material and temporal, they were apt to forget the spiritual and supernatural. God had put His church in the world as His witness. The manifestation of God to men in the church was also the manifestation of Jesus Christ. The church was. therefore the witness for Christ. Nothing had ever been put before the world but what would make their lives wrecks nothing that would satisfy man to live for, and comfort him when he was going hence- but a living, loving, personal Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ's Again, they were testifying to the power of the pulpit. A great deal was said of the pulpit dying out, and so forth, but they knew what they believed. He had faith in the living God to take men to heaven. They wanted the Gospel preached as the minister believes it. They wanted him to speak out fearlessly, to guide their lives, to make them better, holier, more Christ-like men and women ; they wanted something to rest on, to feel that God was waiting to carry them to heaven. They were there to hold up the light of Truth to the world, as indicators of revealed truth, and to stand by the man who preached that gospel as he found it in the revealed word. What could they expect if they had no faith in the efficacy of the means they used. He pointed out that the farmer expected return for his labour. What were their expectations ? They should begin with the children. They should bring the children to the church of Jesus Christ. They as Christians should expect the children to be gathered in. In one of the Welsh denominations 3000 were as dear to the church from the Sunday Schools. They said we went the wrong way to work by allowing the children to grow up sinners, and then converting them, while they expected them to grow up in the church. If they expected the children, they should work for them and pray for them. They should believe that the children could love Christ and could be Christians. They should gather ' e°M î. They should expect the young men . Who J Jung women. ' They should believe they .s auld love Christ, but should not expect them to have the soundness of old men and women. They should expect sinners outside they should expect them to be converted. Who were they that they should limit the power of the Almighty, or the power of the Holy Ghost. They should believe that they " were not utterly lost. Deeply down in the heartS of each there was chord which, if touched, would give the most beautiful music. Inf concluding he recommended them to let the past go ; do not bring it up, but take it to the throne of grace and leave it there. Let all their energies, their thoughts, and cares be concentrated in becom- ing united loving Christians, and in obtaining the light of Christ and (the shining blessing of his truth out of the grand old book. He prayed that they might be increased in numbers and unity, and that the blessing of God Almighty might rest upon the church and minister (applause). Choir : " It is well with my soul." The Rev. C. OLDEN offered his warmest congratulations on the position the church occupied that night. As one of the Wesleyan ministers of the district, he offered Mr. Heighway the warmest welcome to West Maitland. He hoped God would bless him in prosperity, health, strength, and piety that he might be a power of usefulness, and that he might be a wise builder of the Christian Church. He hoped that no one would think that there was any feeling of jealousy at their success. Wherever there was depression in one section of the Church it was felt by others, and wher- ever there was success it benefited the others. It moved them to emulation and excited their ambition. He hoped that all God's people would vie with each other in showing forth His glory and His love to the church. It seemed to him that the work of the Christian minister was the noblest in the world. Other people thought their work the noblest ; but he was sure the work of the Christian minister was the most important, and he was sure it was one of the hardest. It was hard for young men to occupy the pulpit Sunday after Sunday, and preach so as to be edifying to well-read, thoughtful, Christian people. But many did it. Though they sometimes did things which their judgment warned them would not be advisable to be repeated, Providence placed them in positions where they were bound to act, which they could not alter. He quoted the testimony of a leading Wesleyan minister, who, when young, accepted charge of a chapel. He hoped that Mr. Heighway would be encouraged to think that God had blessed his first efforts there. The feeling that comforted him when he had a bad time was not so much submission to the divine will, but the feeling that better men than he had had a worse time than that. He related a couple of anecdotes of celebrated preachers who imagined that their sermons were very poor, but who had been congratulated for them, and pointed out that it was much better for the minister to think the sermon a bad one and the people to think it good than the opposite to be the case. He hoped that Mr. Heighway would stand by the old book. There was nothing so popular as that, and that was the lowest estimate they could take of it. He related the testimony of a minister who had lately visited England, that though here and there were persons of great intellect who by the force of that drew large audiences, it was the evangelical men-men whose hearts were filled with the love of Jesus Christ who were the most popular. His own experience was that his best Sundays, and those from which his congregations got the most good were those which followed the weeks in which he rose early and gave the first hour to the study of the Word of God. He read other books too, for he wished to know what others were doing ; but it was the grand old book which filled the heart and mind on the Sunday. He hoped that Mr. Heighway would have a good time, and that they would give him their prayers. He recommended the people to cultivate the spirit of prayer before going to church. It would open up their hearts for the truth it would break up the fallow ground for the seed. He related a number of anecdotes of the experiences of ministers, and reminded his hearers that the Christian Minister should be a man of God, one whose hands were clean, and whose heart was pure. He should be able to speak to the edifying of the aged, the comfort of those who were fighting the battle of life, to the encourage- ment of the young, and the comfort of those who were departing hence. May God bless their minister and enable him to be the means of building up that church. The Rev. GEO. HEIGHWAY, who was received with applause, said he remembered not very long ago, not many miles from Sydney, attending a meeting something similar to that, to welcome the new minister. After several speeches of welcome had been made the minister got up to reply, and muttered a few words after which no one was much the wiser. He (Mr. Heighway) did not sympathise much with him, but rather with the people who had to listen to him every Sunday. But he sympathised with him that night. However his part was easy that night. He supposed it would amount to standing up and saying " Thank you " for all that had been said. He would not make a speech for they would have an opportunity of listening to him week after week. He was not going to make a number of promises, as he would rather be judged by his deeds than his words. He was not going to enter into the reasons that induced him to come, but would say the same as Mr. Price, because they had asked him. He had a hard battle to decide before coming there, when he refused going to another church where everything was smooth. His experience of the Maitland people was one of pleasure. If their kindness and sympathy had been known to his Sydney friends, who wished to dissuade him from going into a hornet's nest, they would not have spoken quite so fast. It had been said that he was a young man. He could bring forward examples to show that that was considered an unpardonable offence. But he had had some experience. It was five years since he first preached, so he was five years older now than he was then. The fact that they had called him, would show that they did not object to a young man. He knew he could not please everyone. He related a story of the miserable result of a man attempting to please two sweets hearts. They should take warning not to try to please everybody. Reference had been made to the decay of the pulpit. He did not think the pulpits were ever better supplied than at the present day. No one thought more than he did of the duty of visiting, but he must have time for preparing his sermons To preach two sermons Sunday after Sunday meant hard work. In one or two pulpits he preached in in Sydney he had got on pretty well. Two or, three old ladies used to say that he had not to stop to him and her ; but it meant hard work in preparation. While a minister should visit to a certain extent, his chief work was in the pulpit, and no amount of visiting would make up for talk- ing twaddle on the Sunday. He did not intend to pander to their sins. He thoroughly believed in plain speaking, and would tell the old story simply of the fall of man and his reconciliation through the blood of Christ, and he would pronounce the de- nunciation to rich and poor alike-" Unless ye repent ye shall all likewise perish." He thanked them for what they had done in the past, and be trusted that their holy love would not fade, but that it would abide in one united aim, effort, and prayer. Success and the widening of God's kingdom would crown their efforts, and then would be " Glory to God in the highest and on earth peace towards men." (Applause). Choir : " Glory to God in the highest." On the motion of Mr. D. J. Cox, seconded by Mr. J. B. MACARTNEY, a cordial vote of thanks was passed to the ladies who assisted at the tea. The mover also took occasion to thank Mr Price and Mr. Olden for their attendance. After the choir sang-" Work for the night is coming," the proceedings were closed by the Rev. Mr. HEIGHWAY pronouncing benediction. 