ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. THE MILBURN CREEK ENQUIRY. (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) SIR-The whole question as it now stands before the public is one that may prove of the greatest benefit to the country for should the money so improperly voted in this case awaken the people to the danger that threatens the State through the misappropria- tion of the public funds, the money lost feaV/ been well spent. It is not my intention to offer anything in extenuation of Mr. Baker's conduct, but it does seem that he has been made the scapegoat by Sir Henry Parkes and his following. We find now, for the statement has been made in the House and an contradicted, that the money voted to the Milburn Creek Company was voted not because of the merits of the case, not because of the justness of the claim made, but because it suited the party in power, and because this vote was thought to be necessary to the upholding of that power. It is then evident and reasonable to believe that the Premier had no thought or care as to what became of the money when it left the Treasury, and had not Mr. Baker been connected with the Government the outside shareholders might have whistled a long time before they would have received a farthing. Now, whilst the distribution of the money after being voted, has been the subject of close investigation, is it not simply just that an enquiry should be made as to why the Government not only sanctioned but advised that vote. The money voted was from the public purse ; it was the property of the people, and no party consideration could for one moment justify its appropriation. The members of the House and the Government in particular, occupy the position of true tees for the proper expenditure cities " public funds, and are guilty of gross nilson duct if for any consideration, out that of equity they disburse those funds. If the statement made in the House was correct, that this £17,000 was voted by the sanction of the Government because of party expediency, the Premier and his colleagues are just as guilty as Mr. Baker. What is the difference between those voting the money under those circumstances, and those receiving it The integrity and purity of the House forsooth ! There can be little purity in a trustee handing over trust money for purposes for which it was not intended, and this appears to have been the case. Let Sir Henry Parkes, if he can, deny the charge made of the vote having been a party question, and he stands exonerated ; but if he cannot do this the position he occupies is not one whit better than that of his late colleague, who has been so recently disgraced. Dark, indeed, are the days before us if our rulers, in order to secure themselves in Power vote away the money of the people on cooked claims, or through party motives. Yours, C, ",-vrr WILTON HACK [Mr. Hack argues on false premises, and totally misunderstands the case. The mil- burn Creek vote is properly open to cavil, in not on the grounds stated by Mr. BacK. Ed. M. M.]_^ The inmates of a boarding-house in West Fourteenth-street are nightly disturbed by a ghost. He appears as a big fat sun, T| then gradually dwindles in stature until finally dissolves into nothingness. It is lieved that he is the spirit of a boarder was lived in the house for a number of years. Knocked on the Heads nail. 