A GHOST IN APRICA. On the fith day of our march from lendwa I was, as usual, considerably in front of my men, who with their loads were not able to walk as fast mysel. The sky threatened astorm, which made me hasten to reach Pam. lila. On approaching the villagc nobody was to he seen, the nativee being either outinthe field or in their houvas out of the rain. The stockade presented a rather uninviting ap pearance, beinc ornmenented with a few hun dred human skulls in all conditions, from the freshly stuck-up bese to the bleached cra nium, and all apparently suappin: their jaws at the thou-bt of a new companion as the wind wheeled theem backward and forward. However, the rain was falling fast, and there was no use of being squeamish. So into the village I marched unnoticed, and, finding out a hut with a broad, overhanging cave, I took refuge out of sight, waiting tll my men came forward, in order that I might appear with appropriate pomp. I had been thus ensoonced nearly ten minutes, when soddenly the still ness of the village was broken by a loud, pe culiar shoat. This was almost immediately taken up fromn every quarter of the village. until every no:)e, seemed to yell out the strange cry. Dranas alder to the earoar, while women saceamed, and the men .are seen to hurry toward the gate shonti:.; and brandiehing their spears. I ?as very much ast-,'-^lh at thisu but, suporeing it was sim. ply the fashionab.e mode of receiving a cara can, I remained still, expeeting my men every minte. 12:oever, the uproar cont?n ued without abet rnent, and my men did not spoear. Thinkix g there must be something wrroc, I emerge,. from my cover. To my surpri I found the gates closed, and the stockade and crows' nests manned by an excited multitde brandishfing their spears at some apparent enemy outslde. It instantly flashes ulon me .hat I was a prisoner, and cut off from my nen- My presence in the vil lage was evident y unknoen. for, on my ap peara~ee among ;hem, every voies swas silent acd the once e :cited multitude se med to have become par eised with fear. I was supo posed to be a gh t. Seeing this, I recovered iamy presenceof nind, ad striking an atti t?de like Hamlet's ghost I mo~red f6rward -with slow, deliberate steps, and a severe ex pression of face. At each step the warriors recoiled. Struck. with awe, they looked at me with staring eyes and open months in breathless silence. This was too much for me, and unable to keep up the character,. I burst with an irrepressible roar of laughter.' The effect of the lauh was tremendous. The amazed savages recoiled still further, leaving the gate free. With a bound I reached it, and before they could recover their senses it was open, and I was outside, to the unbounded joy of my men, who were trembling for my safety. _.. . . 