:YSTEPdOUS DISAPPEKRANCE Os, Lord Braokenbury. P?u?isled by Arranqremont with Harper Brothers News York.) CRHAPTER XXI.-Continued. He was a tall, sallow man, ap parently about sixty, with lank gray hair, and quick, furtive black eyes. Round his neck he.wore a red woollen scarf, and in his hands he twirled and squeezed a shapeless velveteen cap. Cochrane expressed his willingness to inspect the said pup: whereupon Plant unlocked the shed door, plunged in his arm, and brought out a very small, fat, bewildered specimen of the gends bull- dog. Woan't you be pleased t' coom into th' house to look at un', honourable gentlemen, both?' said he anxiously. 'Doan't 'ee sit thee doon there in the cowd, Muster Brack'nb'ry, sir. I've a bit of fire inside.' But Lancelot had purposely seated himself on the bench just over the gin, and declined to move. The pup meanwhile, being deposited on the ground, was sprawling and blinking with the helpless gravity incidental to its age and position. 'A's a prime little pup a-saver,' said the rat-catcher, admiringly. ' A's the primest little pu:p as ever I seed or. bred---muzzle's as black's a cwoal(coal). A' cooms on a good stock, sir. T'owd bitch 's the shurtiest beast as iver went on fewer legs. A' sticks at nothin', that hitch. 'Ud as lief tack!e a boggart (a ghost or bogey) as a Christian. To Mr. Horace Cochrane, of the Wax and Wafeor Department, this North-country tongue was about as intelligible as a Central African dialect. Dimly apprehending, however, that the praises of the pup were being sung, hie muttered a vague assent. That interesting animal, meanwhileo, was meandering moodily in the direction of tihe shed. ' A's a bit gloppened (scared), ye see. sir,' said Isaac, apologitically. Cochrane east an imploring glance at his friend. * Arabic, upon my honour-Arabic of the purest water,' said Brackenbury, answering the mute appeal. SHow much do you want for him ?' asked Cochrane, desperately. Olid Isaac picked up the pup, balanced it in the palm of his hand as if it were a tennis ball, opened its mouth, pinched its tail, turned it this way and that, and finally put it on its legs again. ''UII be worth a matter o' twenty p?un' agin's two year owd,' said he. ' Then you would do better to keep It.' ' Mayhappen I woan't live two year, sir. I'm an ow'd man, d'ye see.' ,Which, being translated, means that the pup hasn'thad the distemper,' laughed Lancelot. 'Come, Isaac, you mus'nt be too clever. ' Eh, Mustor Brack'nb'ry, sir; but pups is a nesh (tendeor) sort o' beases '(a term, generally applied to oxen), mnd I'd liefer got shut on 'un as sune as mebbo (maybe). Thot's but reason.' Lanceloi,, meanwhile, to Mr. Plant's evident uneasiness, had picked up a file that lay at the end of the bench, and was (abseutly, as it seemed) trying it upon a piece of old iron hooping. All at once he stopped and pulled out the gin. ' So this is what you were after just now ?' sai, he; ' sharpening the teeth of this infernal machinc, which, I see, is of home mainufacture.' 'S'elp me, Muster Brack'nb'ry, the gin's not mine, sir. 'Twas my lad Seth, sir, picked 'un oop i' the clough, and brought 'un whoam.:' 'I'm an honest man, sir, an' rat-catchin's my trade, an' I niver set a gin in my.loife sin' I war a boy an' knowed no better ; an' I'wish I mui' drop dbonv dead if thot's not the blessed truth I'm tellin' you.' Lancelot looked at him, sternly'in oredulous ........ ' Now look you here,'TIsaac,' he said, smashing' in the gin with"b his heel; 'if there's a base tlhing in this world which I despise more" than' aill otlher base things, it's a lie. And'if there's a c6wardly thing I 'hate above-,all other cowardly things,;:. it's cruelty to dumb creatures.: If you took; :.your gun,' and went.out and shot my birds like a man,'. I minight :be iugry, but I wouldn't be hard upon you. But that you should trap them in a hellish thing that breaks. their legs and holds., them dalive for hours, and that you should seek to shield yoeirself:behind a"lie-i this is what I can iiotforgive. There 1'l -aon't open y'ur lips, or I maybe tenipted to say that you shall turn out to-morrow, andnever set foot on these moors again-and if once I 'say it, by Heaven you'll find I meau.it !' Then, turning to his friend, 'Come Cochrane,' he said, ' you won't'care t?o deal with this chap, I knmow; and time's going.' They left the rat-catcher standing stock-still, his lips pressed hard to gether, his bony. fingers .nervously twisting and crushing his cap. Seeing them stop at the next cottage, he clsppdd the cap on his head, flung the pup roughly back into the shed, picked up the broken gin, and, muttering to himself, shambled into his house and bolted the door. In the next cottage, which stood alone, at a distance ot some thirty or forty yards, there lived a family named Stanway, represented on the present occasion by an unwashed baby, sprawl ing and crying on the thresholdi a middle-aged woman ,boiling a pot over some sticks on the hearth, and two slatternly girls, one of whbm was making pillow-lsce,, and the other sit ting idle, with her olbow oh" tlie table. The men of theofamily, consisting of a father and threBe sons,. were out. ' Gone t' Mow-Obp a:t6r sand, ex plained "the mothdi-, civilly dustinig a chair for ' th' master.' '" She was a decent.mainierea, untidy body; but the gi'ls were sulleni'and uncouth, and never stirred till rooghly bidden to ' addon (have done) :sitten t~hor afore th'- gentlefolk,? an' stay th' babby a-shroikin.': ' ' 2' To be con'iniued.j 