TWO WAYS OF TELLING A STORY. King James VI., on removing to London, was waited upon by the Spanish ambassador—a man of erudition, but who had an eccentric idea in his head that every country should have a professor of signs, to enable meu of all languages to understand each other without the aid of speech. Lamenting one day before the king this great desideratum throughout all Europe, the king, who was an outre character, said to him—"Why, I have a professor of signs in the most remote college in my dominions ; but it is at Aberdeen, a great way off —perhaps six hundred miles from here." " Were it ten thousand leagues off, I shall see him, said the ambassador, aud expressed his determination to set out instanter, in order to have an interview with the Scottish professor of signs. The king, perceiving he had committed himself, caused an intimation to be written to the Univfcrsity of Aberdeen, stating the caset and desiring the professors to put him off, or make the best of him they could. The ambassador arrived, and was received with great solemnity. He immediately inquired which of them had tho honor to be " Professor of Signs;" but was told that the professor was absent in the Highlands, aud would return nobody could say when. " I will," said he, " wait his return, though it were for twelve months." The professors, seeing this would not do, contrived the following stratagem:—There was one Geordie, a bntcher, blind of an eye, a droll fellow, with much wit and roguery about him. The butcher was put up to the story, aud instructed how to comport himself in his new situation of " Professor of Signs," but he was enjoined on no account fo utter syllable. Geordie willingly undertook the office for a small bribe. The ambassador was then told, to his infinite satisfaction that the professor of signs would be at home next day, Everything being prepared, Geordie was gowned, wigged, and placed in state, in a room of the college. The Spaniard was then shown into Geordie's room, and left to converse with him as best he could, the whole of the professors waiting the issue with considerable anxiety. Then commenced the scene. The ambassador held up one of his fingers to Geordie; Geordie answered him by holding up two of his. The ambassador held up three; Geordie clenched his fist, and locked stern The ambassador then took an orange from his pocket, and showed it to Geordie, who, in return, pulled out a piece of barley bread from his pocket, and exhibited it in a similar manner. The ambassador then bowed to him, and retired. The professors anxiously inquired his opinion of their brother. " He is a perfect miracle," said the ambassador; " I would not give him for the wealth of the Indies." " Well," exclaimed one the professors, " how has he edified you?" " Why," said the ambassador, " I first held up one finger, denoting that there is one God ; he held up two, signifying that there are Father and Son; I held up three, meaning the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost; he clenched his fist to say that these three are one. I then took out an orange, signifying the goodness of God, who gives his creatures not only the necessaries but the luxuries of life; upon which the wonderful man presented a piece of bread, showing that it was the staff of life, and preferable to every luxury." The professors were glad that matters had turned out so well ; and having got quit of the ambassador, they called in Geordie to hear his version. " Well, Geordie, how have you come on, and what do you think of yon man ?" " The scoundrel!" exclaimed the butcher, " what did he do first, think ye ? He held ae finger, as much as to say, you have only ae ce ! Then I held up twa, meaning that my ane was as good as his twa. Then the fellow held up three of his fingers, to say there were but three een between us ; and then I was so mad at him that I steeked my nieve, and was gaun to strike him, and would hae done't too, but for your sakes. He didna stop there, but, forsooth, he took out an orange, as muckle as to say, ' Your poor beggarly country canna grow that!' I showed him a whang of a bere bannock, meaning that I didna care a farthing for him or his trash neither, as lang's I had this ! But by a' that's gude," continued Geordie, " I'm angry yet that I didna break every bane in liis body." Could two sides of a story be more opposed to each other?— Selected. 