EXHIBITION LETTERS. j (by garnet waich) Temporary SUeiice—Surmises— The True Cause—On the Operating Table—Celebrated^ Excuses—A Speculative Scoundrel -A Hnrologkal Swindle— An Honest Juror—The Red-Cross and its Tic toriii—The Art«/ Advertising. Mea culpa. $£ea maxima culpa !—I may as well rriaice a clean breast of it, tell the triith. fiiid sMme—myself. You have been languishing, swriet. readers, for the mental refreshment, cheering but not Inebriating, to which you have lately been accustomed. You have pined for the want of your epistolary "Vigorine," that doubly-distilled essence of veracity, so bracing to the system. You have feltj confess it, utterly unhinged and miserable; apd rio't even the. latest local scandal OOiild act as a to'niq in the absence of your favorite Exhibition Isitsi's.- And this is all my fault. Of a verity I feel liUiribled and contrite in your presence, can but ac knowledge my backsliding and sue most lustily for forgiveness. And the cause—the cause of it all ?—List!' —I have not been saturating my soul with Ozonic Nepenthe at Sorrento, Queenscliff. or Lome. I have not been devoting every spare j minute to. the perusal of the forty-three com-1 pt^titive dramas for the Hatriiltonian £250 \ priz?. I have not been coaching Jack Gardiner , in Ins forthcoming great speech on the Diffe rential Calculus in its relations to the Proto rjlasmiC-Tlieory.. I have not been preparing tlle_ iter; Mi'. Strong1 s defence against the gathering thunderstorni of . jVesbyterian Orthodoxy. I have not been doing a bit of lay preaching 011 my own account, " super in" at the Royal, laying down wood pavement in Collins street, selling walnuts oil the side walk. I have not been lured from the paths of journalistic rectitude by any Will'-o-the Wisp prospectus of a new newspaper, offering gigantic tei'uls to all and sundry who choose to follow it tiii'ough bog aiid nrire to the ultimate slough of Bankruptcy. I have not been closeted with Grahaiii Berry, dictating liis future^ line of policy. I have not been with Service in the Pes/iawur as far as King George's Sound. I have not made a fortune m shares or a failure in an Emasculated Re form Bill. I have not joined either the Great Majority pr the Moribund.Ministry. I have.iiqt bee'ii in, gaol for. murdering the Queen s English, ilichly as I irirty have de servedit—orinthe hospital through a fracture of any of the ten commandments. What I then has absorbed my time—what has pre ^ ented me from the labour I so love, my weekly chat with friends from glancier-throned New Zealand to the torrid shores of Carpen taria ? Simply and solely this. —I have sated the revengeful thirst of " mine enemy," whoever he may be ; I have laid myself calmly, gracefully, on the operating table of the great- kill or cure Ecole de Vivisection • I have bared my manly breast to the fleams of the assembled circle of critics, and Heaven help me, am prepared for the result. In plain language, sweet readers mine, I have published a book, and the final touches thereof have cost me both time and anxiety. Not wishiw to be accused of using this column as an advertising medium, I refrain from further particulars ; but there is my Excuse j jhinutrn it whoso list! I think the above genuine statement is more creditable than, if not so witty as, the alliterative excuse tendered to the public by a celebrated English writer who on resuming the chapters of his story, after a long interval, informed Ins readers that his silence was at tnbutable to ua little love, a little law, and a great deal of liquor, " oi* to the more elab 01 ate explanation of the French journalist Excess of Emotion at the decease of a much beloved mother-in-law kept hnn away from noxk and necessitated a trip to the gaming tables of Baden-Baden—-" whereat," he added, I long sought in vain to allay my acute sorrow by alternately plunging my soul in the hery flood of < rouge' and the Stygian stream of ' ]\7o?W " • in a recent letter, aboutcheap jewellery, have received considerable emphasis by the bursting of the Rodanow Watch Company bubble, so thoroughly exposed by the Argus. The price-list of this supposed company, emanating from a single speculative scoundrel in America, ottered solid silver cases lever watches, jewelled, with monogram engra ved, sparemainsprings, glasses, and keys, and a written guarantee for three yeara, at 17s. each; 18 carat gold watches at £2 os., and so 011\. So plausibly were the advertisements worded, so much strees laid on the fact that the linn "was established in 1849," and had since gained prize medals at all the great Exhibitions and such caution was exhibited in the matter of remittances " or reference to a Boston house," that many, I fear have been gulled into sending money to America for these impalpable time-keepers. It is to be hoped that they (the dupes) and one and ana all of us, will profit by the lesson, and th.it henceforth the respectable local firms ■\\\ ill be patronised at their legitimate prices and foreign rogues loft to expend then cunning on the desert air. Better pay £5 for a servicable watch however plain and' devoid of extra jewels, than remit half that amount across the rolling seas in chase of a ghost of a ticker, a horological Mrs. 'Arris a watch not'made with hands, fictitious in the clouds. I wonder if George Col'lins Levey, C.M.G., &c.;, &c.;, is agent for any American watch firms. Another swindle just exposed by the Argus was the manner in which one of the jurors in the section "stationery, printing, and books," sought to upset the awards of his fellow j jurors by refusing at first to vote in their presence, and afterwards furtively addin" a series of "noughts" in order to reduce the total average of the awards. As I, person ally, am quoted by the Argus as one ef the victims, and as the injustice is more <'larin<rly apparent as regards-my exhibit than in any of the other cases, I take this opportunity of thanking tliej gentlemen of the jury in the said section—excepting only Mv Oliver Levey brother of Mi-. George Collins Levey, G'.M.G.—for their honorable conduct in de clining to accept the slily-affixed, and pal bably spiteful, vote of their high-minded col league. As for Judas himself—poor remorse ful Judas—for I am sure he must be sorry now he is found out—he can seek consola tion either after the historical fashion, or in the society of his noble kinsman. Oli'i Che bomine! The awards have all been made, and there is the usual six of satisfaction and half-a dozen of disappointment. Amongst tlie principal prize-takers I am glad to see the Red Cross Co., who bear off chief honors for pickles, sauces, and preserves. I do not forget my promise to give some day a des-' cription of the operations carried 011 by this company. I looked in a short time a«o for the purpose, and found no less than the Earl and Countess of Ellesmere and Lord Hervey Phipps going over the works. I am told that they were higlily pleased with all they saw, and made favorable comparisons between the Red Cross and other similar factories in the old country. It speaks well ! for the practical common sense of our aristo cratic visitors that the should appreciate our [ manufacturing industries, and not allow the triddv malestrom of society to absorb them altogether. The application of the Fine Arts to that still finer rt—athe Art of advertising—is : every day becoming more and more fashion able ; note the admirable little pictures re no's Fruit Salt, drawn by Adelaide Claxton, and published in many of our leading papers. Note also a comical cut of "Before and after," illustrative of the beneficial effects of Poulton's electro-chemical baths. I thought at first that it represented an individual who had partaken too freely of ths Yan Yean liquid mud, and the same countenance after a draught of Mount Macedon spring-water, which, by-the- way is now being sold in large quantities, much to the delight of all who detest the fluid filth that flows from our taps. . Buhton's Australian Cincus.—Burton's circus performed again last night, when an excellent evening's amusement was provided. In consequence of the inclemency of the ■ weather, the Attendance was limitotL 