ST. PAUL'S. BALLAARAT. , A LARGE congregation, consisting; chiefly; of the Sunday scholars, assembled at St. Paul's Church on Sunday afternoon, 14th August, when the Bishop gave an address to the: '.young,1 based on St. Matthew xxviii. 19—' Teach all nations'— and illustrated by references to two coloured diagrams, showing the comparative religious condition of the world at Christ's ascension and. at the present day. - The Bishop rapidly traced the history of missions, rvTuinn llinal-iinfmo ananrlAtac rvF nnnVi noi'inrl in 'niisainor fllinivincf nnw in three centuries the Gospel had conquered the Roman Empire, and in nine more all the pagan nations of Europe. Then came three centuries of inertness and corruption, then three of reformation and revival ; the Church now grappling in earnest with the task, vaster than ever, of evangelising the world. He closed by a pointed appeal for the Victorian Chinese missions, giving several reasons why unkind treatment of Chinese should be considered unchristian, and showing how Christian children might hinder by it the reception of the Gospel by Chinamen, or, on the other hand, help to turn them into missionaries to their fellow-countrymen in China itself. An offertory followed, realising about £3 10s. At evening service the Church was quite full, when confirmation was administered to thirty-two candidates, who had been prepared and were presented by the Rev. W. Kildahl. The service was most impressive all through, more particularly when a hymn was sung by the young candidates alone. After the confirmation the sacrament of Holy Communion was administered to one hundred and thirty four communicants, who sang a hymn . together on their knees, the effect of this being singularly solemn. Before the : confirmation service the Bishop' preached from St. Matt, xxviiii 19, 20 (the words succeeding those of the afternoon address)— ''Baptising them, in the name of the Father,; Son, and Holy Ghost ;' teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I.have commanded you. ' :?;. He 'pointed, out that the two clauses corresDonded to the two staffer of the Christian course—admission' (centering in baptism), and full instructed fellow ship (centering in- the Lord's Supper). Between the two ' was an interval which, In too ; many cases, proved a J gulf that was never passedover.' Confirmation was intended- as a bridge across it, which the candidates were to traverse that night. Their future depended,, in all probability, on the way in which they dealt with this isolemn crisis of their lives. After drawing two companion pictures of; what that future might be for any of them, he closed with a strongand affecting appeal to all the candidates to make their life-long surrender with all their hea.rts, and with .a fervent prayer in: their behalf. The offertory was for the Sustentation Fund of the Diocese, and amounted to £6 10s. — Ballaarat Star. 