THE MERCURY. WEDNESDAY MORNING, JUNE 1, 1881. Fnosr the Post Office to the Telegraph department is an easy and natural transition ; so natural that we hope to see those two branches of the Civil Service conducted under one permanent head. The surprising development of the money order department of the Post Office seems to demand a change, which may be made the means of supplying a much-needed check to both the Post Office and the Telegraph department. We some time ago urged on Government the economy of attaching to the Telegraph staff an Inspector of the lines. He I would pay the expense His appointment would cost by securing the more regular working of the lines and that increased traffic receipts which would follow the absence of a chronic state of interruption which now distinguishes the lines in several districts. With the duties of such an office might, perhaps, be included an inspection of country post offices, and mi auditor check on the money order transactions. Whether an inspection of post offices could be worked in connection with a supervision of the telegraph lines or not, is a is a matter of detail on which we do not pretend to offer any decided opinion, but we hesitate not to urge the necessity of such an inspection being established as a part of the machinery of each of the two departments. The growing business of the Post Office as a conveyancer of mails would be facilitated by the appointment of a competent Inspector. He would be enabled to suggest improvements, and where that is necessary, secure the more orderly conduct of country offices. But more particularly is such an officer required by the very marked dimensions of the money order business. The want of check is probably accountable for errors and mistakes which country postmasters, not much accustomed to business, are possibly trying to unravel, thus wasting much valuable time in a bootless effort to do what an experienced officer would detect in a few minutes ; while in regard to money order business the want of check holds out a temptation which under a proper supervision would be entirely wanting. If an Inspectorship is not established as a matter of precaution, the Colony may depend on a loss same day which will apply an argument sufficiently strongly to be irresistible. It would surely be better to prevent than to punish j to act with judicious forethought than to wait till action is forced on us. In the annual report and returns of the Telegraph department for the year 1880 prepared by the " Superintendent of Telegraphs whatever that expression may moan-Mr. HENRY is more liberal with his remarks. than is Mr. DOUGLAS of the Post Office, but the comments of the former are but an apology for the fuller tabular information which Mr. DOUGLAS gives. The Post Office report affords a means for ten years' comparison in the money order department for 15 years. But the Telegraph report, with the exception of a comparative statement of five years' receipts and number of messages, is confined to the doings of the year dealt with. Persons much interested have no doubt the means of acquiring other information by referring to Parliamentary papers for past years, but surely it would be much more convenient were the head of the Telegraph department to follow the example of his brother official of the Post Office, and give a more extended experience. In the absence of the fuller information we desire, we are obliged to be content with the meagre contrast which the "Superintendent of Telegraphs" draws between 1880 and 1879. We are told that a comparison of the returns for 1880 with those for 1879 shows an increase last year' of . 902 messages, and £1,318 15s. on the gross receipts ; an increase in, Tasmanian fees paid from business within the Colony of £779 12s. 11d. s from intercolonial and foreign traffic, £3 11s. 3d. ; an increase of £58 15s, 3d, paid to the ' Submarine ' Cable"' Company ; of. £470 15s. 9d. paid to other Colonies on account of intercolonial and European business. Turning to the five years' table," we find that in 1875 the amount; of Tasmanian fees, from business in the Colony was £2,237, in 1880 £4,159 ; the number of messages in the former year having been 37,410, in 1880 00,025. The intercolonial and foreign business would appear to have been nearly stationary. The value of the business, in 1875 was £802 for 12,622, manages ; in 1880 £849 for 14,871 messages. In 1875 the fees paid to the Submarine Cable Company amounted to £3,432 (the number of messages is not given) in 1880 to £3,070 ; being an increase on the five years of only £244. The fees paid the other Colonies in 1875 amounted to £1,430 in 1880 to £3,419 ; an increase so disproportioned to that paid the 'Cable Company through whose wire all intercolonial messages must pass, as to have required some explanation, To the official mind it may be as clear as noonday, but it is not in the category of those plain words which he who runs may read. The following passage reads oddly in the light of recent events Mr. HISKKÏ says : " The system of maintenance in > short sections was abandoned owing to the difficulty experienced in getting persons to undertake the work. The lines have now been lost in larger sections for a period of three years, under stringent condU tons, and I am in hopes in a short time of seeing them in good working order, and kept so ; but I must press upon the Government the necessity of incessant and competent practical supervision, in order to ensure that all clauses of the contract are faithfully carried out." There appears an inconsistency between the faith expressed in the now engines and the warning with which the extract concludes. We fully sympathise with the Superintendent of Telegraphs in urging the necessity of " incessant and competent practical supervision ;" at present there is none, but we can but wonder at the sanguine disposition of the Superintendent when, in the face of every day, QXporionco,/ho expresses a hope that he will in a short time ago, as the result of the new contract, " the lines in good working order, and kept so." We, on the contrary, look for a three years' continuance of fitful working, of ever , recurring interruptions. There another matters arising out of the report to which we will take any early opportunity of referring, a ' ' , -!-;-. s s s i WISE inn from the East-men,qf war from the most civilised country of Asia have come to four shares on/a friendly mission of, peace and good will, and to-day they propose retracing their steps', and directing their ship's course to the land of their nativity. To colonists the visit has 'been every way welcome, the olive branch1'liebig , seen to advantage, and men who have thought i of Japan as a place outside the line of national intercourse will henceforth look upon her" representatives as an able, brave, and, superior race. Who could have wished that our friends had come to us in summer. Nature in her beauteous 'dream, for garment of praise, would have explained to them the deep-rooted love Tasmanians have for their birthplace It may be hoped, however, that the warmness of the. recoptioi^accordojlto the strangers | will more than make up for the chill and coldness of winter. Not unlikely, our observant visitors will feel unable to resist the contrast between the passage down the' River Derwent and the passage up the harbour at Yokohama. ¡ On either side of the Derwent,' the beauty of the scenery is somewhat marred, by the want of freshness and culture on the coast line leading up to Yokohama, there is the greenness of a tropical shore a graceful terraces instead of rugged rocks; palaces and temples instead of 'an occasional house to remind the voyager that the land is not quite desolate. When it is borne in mind, however, that the population of Japan is upwards of thirty millions, the contrast need not excite any surprise Perhaps our mountains may remind our sailor friends of their own ranges, reaching beyond what you can see, and should we say too much of Wellington, they could remind us that their Fusiyania stands 12,000ft. above the level of the sea. If our visitors learn something from us, perhaps we may learn something from them. Politically they will not gain much information. The marvellous revolutions in their own Empire, by which, within the memory of the living, the MIKADO has emerged from the mystery of a sacred personage to the reality of a living man moving amongst his subjects with loss state than that of a European monarch, shows the force of character of a nation claiming its place in the kingdoms of earth. Legally they may observe a code far from perfect, having much of its strength in the superstition and ancient customs of our people, but nevertheless far-and-away superior to their own. Sooinlly, their respect for women, Their civility of manner, and the sobriety of their lowest caste, leaves them nothing to learn from us, and much that we can admire and loam from them. Quick and keen witted, were an old man to die in a comical attitude, the young native of Japan would most likely smile for ourselves, better skilled in hiding, we should look serious, or if we laughed it would be in our sleeve. Returning to their tónples/ind -visiting the Buddhist' idol, Days boots, or looking at the two ponies constantly harnessed ready for the God of War, they may think more lightly of forms which are lifeless, but will they carry back with them any memory of a system containing within itself spirit and life ? Descending to amusements, their kites are larger than ours; but commercial men know, a thing or two in kite-flying to which they are strangers. Thrice happy people ! In a word, these social interchanges are every way advantageous. Barriers are broken down, misunderstandings removed, friendships formed, and the healthful rivalry in advancing renders the prospect of war more and more remote. In the heartiest manner we wish our friends a safe and prosperous voyage to their own land. It will be a pleasure to meet them and their brethren again under equally happy circumstances. By this method the providence of the DEITY hastens to its accomplishment, breaking the bow and the sword, and the battle out of the earth, thus making mon to Ho down safely. iNrEitcoMWAL FIELD-The B.B. Esk, which arrived at Launceston on Monday, from Sydney, brought the following files of intercolonial papers : New South Wales, 2Gthaud27th inst. ; Quoouslaiidj 21st to 25th inst. '" INWARD ENGLISH MAIL We have again to complain about the delay in the Victorian telegraph offices i in sending to Hobart the news concerning the whereabouts of the inward English mail steamers. The despatch used in forwarding the information of the arrival of the Bokhara at Melbourne, and the departure of the Mangana for Liuu custom with the Tasmanian portion of the mail, does not speak well for the sinai ness of Victorian telegraphic officials. Although the Mangana sailed from the Heads for Launceston at 825 p.m. on Monday, it was not till 3 p.m. yesterday that this information was received at the local office, only an hour and a half before the steamer arrived at Tamar Heads. The Mangana reached the Be ins at 4 33 p.m., but the tide being at ebb she had to anchor in the river. It will be high tide at 445 a m. to-day, so that it is very likely that the Mangana will reach Launceston in time for the mails to be forwarded here by the ordinary train, which leaves Launceston at 9 î}0 arms and arrives here nti0-30 pm. ' Duo notification will be posted up at the General Post Office to-day if a delivery, is to take place in Hobart this evening. TELEGRAPH TO NOTICE-A memorandum was received by the local telegraph office yesterday, stating that the telegraph offices in West Australia will be closed to-day, June 1, between 10 a in and 6 am. ' I i. PEMBROKE -We undoiutancVthat to-day a writ will be issued for the election of a member to represent the district of Pembroke in the Legislative Council, vacant by the death of the Hon. James Lord. The public will learn with much satisfaction that Mr. William Hodgson, who has continuously hold a seat in the House of Assembly as representative of ' Sorell and then of Richmond has been asked and has consented to be nominated as a candidate for the representation of Pembroke. AS TWO heard an old politician say, the House of Assembly can ill afford to lose the services of so independant, honest, and unsolf-seoking a member as Mr. Hodgson, but the Legislative Council will be strengthened by the acquisition of a member in WIIOBO integrity of" purpose all place such confidence. We need hardly express a hope that Mr. Hodgson will be returned unopposed, for only no disputing, the district with him can' have no hope of success, and we should'st sorry to see a veteran politician like Mr. Hodgson put to expense that Boino'one may advertise his desire to enter Parliament. I 1 THE (REPRESENTATION OF RICHMOND. - Mr. Hodgson having consented to become a candidate for Pembroke, and his election being a certainty, there will thus be a vacancy for Richmond, that has the good fortune to contain in its population a local man, in its oft re-elected Warden, whom all will desire to see occupying the hillier position of representative in the House of Assembly, We understand that Mr. Simmons has been asked; and has given a reluctant assent to offer himself as candidate for Richmond. We shall not attempt to bespeak the constituency's favourable consideration to the claims of one so well known and so much respected among them. The REPRESENTATION OF SOIIEU,.-Aspiting politicians may cease from their labors. There is to be no immediate vacancy in the representation of Sorell. Mr. Gunn, since he lately announced his intention of taking up his abode in another colony, and of severing his connection with Sorell, has changed his plans. It is his intention to return to Tasmania and continue to make it his home, with such renewed attachment to the land of his birth as will make him a more zealous member third over for the good of the colony. It is therefore not his intention to renounce the representation of Sorell so long as the constituency give him their confidence. ? ^ ! RAILWAY TO PINCIAU-Wo understand that yielding to the representations made to wear By Mr. Douglas, the member for Fingal, and a number of other gentlemen interested in the district intersected by the South Esk River, Ministers have authorised a flying survey of the country from the General to a few miles boyowHhe township of Fingal InoonBequénee.'howevor, of the press of other business occupying. the attention of the Engineer-in-Chief's. Fincham will not be able to commence the survey for some six weeks. THE JAVANESE' \VAR-SHU".-Jf.I.J.M.S. , Itiujiq will take her departure for in this, port this afternoon. She proceeds direct to Japan, making a call , only at some of the islands during the voyage, to obtain a supply of fresh water. The war-ship is due at Yokohama at the end of July. The stay of the Japanese at Hobart has been a very pleasant one, both as regards the naval visitors and the citizens of this place. The former appear to have thoroughly enjoyed the short time they have spent here, and speak favourably of tho^kihdness^tney have received at the hands of the Hobart folk's On the other hand, the Japanese officers have proved themselves to, be most courteous and P. amiable gentlemen, and every one regrets that they have been compelled to leave this port. It as' pro ballot that we I shall be paid another r visit by a J.i[i.ui08o war-ship next year, and the appear! ance of such a vessel here will be looked forward to with pleasure, especially if there is on board of her some of the officers of the bunyips On the arrival of the Riujio at Japan' the officers and crew will be allowed a vacation ox'londing'ovor two months, each half, of those, on, board having one month's holiday. It will'bo'1intorosting''to our readers to know the meaning of tho'name'of the Japanese vessel. The coroner Japanese name for, Jior is lliujiokwan,, which in English, signifies Souths Dragon's"ship'," ' Riujio meaning drain, whilst swan is the affix meaning ship'' Tt'willbo roads bored by those who have seen' the'lliujio'that (on either side of her bows' is beautifully carved a dragon, which is covered with gilt. We wish our Japanese friends a safe and speedy voyage home, and hope, they will long, remember with. pleasure their visit to Hobart. "in'" a AijlijyAL OF TnE.CuMBitlA.-Tho barque, Oimara brill, from Mauritius, which was thought to have been lost in consequence of her making such, a long voyage hove in sight some distance. from Timor Island yesterday morning. She" arrived off' the Heads at 4 p.m., and made signals for a tug to tow her up to' Launceston ' Great anxiety has' been file concerning the safety of this vessel, and, 'as is already known, a steamer was sent out to search for her,' but without success. The Cunihi as will likely reach Launceston to-day, when particulars of her ¡ voyage will be obtained. It is probable that her long voyage has been owing to strong winds and stormy weather, several VOSSOIB which have recently arrived at Adelaide and Melbourne from the safnodireotipii whence the Cumbria cargo having call experienced unusually tempestuous weather, during which heavy seas were shipped and considerable damage done. The Cumbria Sailed from Port Louis on the 11th of March, and has therefore occupied 39 days on her voyage. j MKUIOVIINK JÏX1II1IITI0N COMMISSIONER meet ing of the members of the Tasmanian Commission to the late International Exhibition at Melbourne was held yesterday morning, in the Government Buildings', there being present-Messrs. W. H Burgess (Vice-President), in the chair, John Clarke 0\. Dowdell, G. Crisp, and T. Stoplieus. The Melbourne, Launceston, and general correspondence was read. Mr. Oilioor, lion. Executive Ooinmis siouor,'wrote,'Baying that he had'uoniiminieatcd with Mr. J. Cosmo Newbery, Curator' faiths Technological Museum, Melbourne, presenting on behalf of the . Commissioners, the stone, trophy, to the, Museum, accompanying the gift, with a request that it might be erected on a suitable site as a permanent exhibit of Tasmanian f renata of For the Court fittings, etc , windi cost -£100, an offer had been made by Mr Hollow, who executed to a work, of 37 10s A letter was received with reference to the pi (arbitration of a testimonial by exhibitors to Mr Cosmo Newbery, also from Mr A Bain, of Sand hurst School of Mines, in reference to a collection of mint rate He would be glad to receive any geological specimens at the disposal of the Commission for the School Museum from Professor W Nicholas, with reference to the same subject The Mount Bischoff Co and offered to take back the whole of the tin produced from it by the Commis! sion, accepting the hill of lading with the tin shipped to London The Commission is id purchased 2 tons of tin at t8G 16s and 4 tons at 2 SO The present price of tin in London in £88 10s The complete list of awards to Tasmanian exhibitors is as follows 22 Bill made its, ') bronze medals, in first clnnsawanls, 32 second-class 20 third CIIIHH, 15 font Iii cans, a fifth class, and <) honourable mentions, in other words, ltd distinctions have been awarded amongst ISi exhibitors 'The articles presented to the Tasmanian Commission by those of FIJI, the Stones Settlements, and Belgium had not yet unveil 1 hoolhi i presentations find armed, and luncheon placed in the MiiBeiiui lordly fmir^qxcti of exhibits had been li peared in Hobart from Mel bourne, all being in sound condition, with the ox. Icoptieu of one small package containing glassware, These exhibits had all, with the exception of one, been returned to their owners, Messrs, Anson Bros, I wrote, saying that a frame of portraits returned to them had been damaged. Mr. Hull stated that when the article in question left his hands it was in sound and good condition. Mr. W. H. Burgess said, with regard to the framed photographs purchased by the Commission for exhibition which had been returned and were unpacked, that it would be well to present them to the Public Library in Hobart, and also that the Launceston Commission should be requested to dispose of theirs in a similar manner. He thought that since the Hobart Commission had presented the mineral cabinet to the Launceston Mechanics' Institute Museum, it might be asked to reciprocate by forwarding its frames of photographs to the Hobart Library. SPECIAL MEETING OF THE HOSPITAL, BOARD. A special meeting of the Hospital Board was held yesterday afternoon, to take into consideration the applications received in answer theadvoitûomeut published, with reference to the Board's desire to procure an efficient Lady Superintendent in the place of Miss Florence Abbot, who lately resigned. There were present The Chairman ( Dr. Smart), the vice-chairman (Mr. A. Mather), Mr. Harcourt (Mayor), pra. Bright, E L. Crowther, and Perkins, and Messrs. J. G., Addison, W. F. Brownell, L. R. Castiav.'C. 'P. Collier, 0. Dowdell, D. MacMillan and E. Maher. ' ' Seventeen applications v. ore received,' the'majo'rity'fioni Victoria. New South Wales, South Australia, New Zealand, and Queensland wEre alsö'roprcsonlod. But three out of the total, were received from Tasmania. Several of the applicants were possessed of such excellent certificates of efficiency that considerable trouble was caused in arriving at a decision, the applicants being first ballotted down to three then to Wo, and finally Mrs. Bland, of Gladesville Hospital, N.S.W., was selected, to, fill the vacant office, . . - ¿SiH'KiisÍE CbmiT.-A special sitting of the Supreme Court, in Banco, will be held this morning, when the case of Brownell and Am: v. Han etc may be brought on for further argument. 'in UvMCKorxoY COURT-A sitting of the Supreme Court in its bankruptcy jurisdiction, re John O'Boyle, of Franklin, farmer, is to be held on the 9th June, at 11 a.m., LAIISED 'POIAOIBS.- A well-informed correspon- dent Thwaites, taking exception to the "points" raided by the Resident Secretary of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, and published yesterday, as arising out of our comments on the previous day, and seems to conclude that we have abandoned the position, we took up. It is only necessary to say that,,we,siinp]y allowed the Resident Secretary an opportunity ¡of^qxpièssir.g his views, as we now do those of our correspondents on the other side, w he asserts that companies do fatten and grow rich on lapsed policies, and writes: Suppose we put the case thus A has policy for 500. He has paid £100 'cash,' and is obliged to lose all or surrender. What will he receive ? A trifle over £30.' A good thing for the' company certainly. Suppose again the calendar month's grace to have expired, what is the position of the assured? in a policy now before me,' the condition loads thus!,'fit not paid within one colondar^rridntb from that 'day. the insurance shall because of force'" Or supposing company to revive a lapsed policy, what are the terms? Medical ex 'Watsons, with all its' attendant annoyances and charges, of course. If passed, extra premium pro- bably. It not passed refusal. '"' If you will go into the question, I think, you will find that a middle aged man 'of' average health canBocilro for himself or his family 8500 on easier terms; and in far less time than any company can do it for him. Life assurance is of fine thing, but not half the same thing the public suppose it to be - ' Dil. HALL'S GOLDEN WEDDING-At adjourned meeting of gentlemen favourable to the presentation of substantial testimonial to Dr. Hall will be held in the Mayor's-roorli, tliisovoriing, at 730, to receive the reports of those w)e, have subscription lists, and to take spoil other means as may be considered advisable for giving' all friendly the opportunity of joining in the testimonial. ; .. ! PUISLIOATIQS.-Wo have received the People's Friend for June, which maintains its character as an" able advocate of the good cause of total abstinence, but is intolerant of any opinion but its own. Some space is devoted to some articles which appeared in our columns, on the Sunday trading clause of the Licensing Act, and we are twitted with inconsistency, because while admitting the Sunday trading as now practised to be "a great evil," we do not see our way to adopting the extreme remedy the People's Friend would enforce. Has our Bpintcd monthly contempories y paused to consider how provident' great evils" are, which may be reformed or modified, but are beyond the possibility of extinction ? EtrauíiTAltíMENT.-An entertainment, consisting of vocal and instrumental music, recitations, and dialogues, was given yesterday evening, in the Sunday school attached to the Davey-street Wes for an Church, by the members of the Davey-street Wesleyan Band of Hope,' assisted by friends, in aid of the pianoforte fund of the society. Mr. W. T. Strutt, President of the Association, occupied the chair, there being an oxoellontattondanoo, The Entertainment was warmly received, the singers, reciters, and others who took part in it receiving no Stinted meed of applause One of the principal features of the evening's amusement was a some dramatic scene, in which 10 young persons enacted charade) s,- The ladies who took part in carrying out the programme rendered solos and part songs with considerable pWa,ioi).T effect and good taste. The Band of Hope pianoforte fund will Tjo^onofitodvery materially by the proceeds from the 'entertainment. , FOUND DEAD A sad case through drink occurred at Victoria on Friday night last. An, old man named McGuinness, and his companion named Low, left the Picnic Hotel in the evening to go home to Mr. Oates. ' They) both) had taken some drink, but woropieJ;ty,8ober¡ the landlord supplied then with a bottle of gin, which they took with them. After getting 'some distance on the road the bottle was drunk and both men became very much intoxicated, the man Low, ¡ reaching home after daylight. He was then quite drunk, and without his hat, which was subsequently picked up in the bush. The dead body of McGuinness was found later in the day laying on his chest across a log, his face on the ground. 'In tins'position,bo,had fallen, and being unable to extricate himself had sufib'aatnd! An inquest was held on Monday before Mr. Walpole, when a verdict was returned in accordance with the above facts. I" "~ , A PRETTY STORY. A pretty story comes to us from the East, where it is affirmed to be scrupulously' recast,; and i quoted as the motive of that batrpd.ftowyirda/.tho Crook; Christians which all recent travellers response as being the most prominent feature of the' Sultan's policy. About two years, ago the favourite, wife of the Sultan's eloped 'front" tile' harem with a ' Greek' doctor,' and took refuge in Athens. The lady took with her' a quantity of jewels belonging to the other ladies of the harem, and, worse than all, the two little girls silo bad'boriio'thVJBillian, and to whom, as she know well,. that was devotedly attached. But the mother soon finding the children a burden placed them ,w/th|0 Grcolf Undy, who, finding jàeir qx FORBES unpaid, transferred them to.' the Christian Hospital fpr'föundlincs'at' Ctiibh1i'"Th'enco one of them wàs'placed/b'iit ps a little df'uflijo1 and servant to «¿'"certain*'M'. years,' áh'.'Italuili merchant where the child. was well 'care 'for clothed, and fo'(l',¡but mWdb to'work^ha'rd. labourers months ago the mother confided the secret of the - destination, of ;,thÍ8(.iíunfortunato' child unto nVitalis Pasha, who is a Frenchman by birth, and aidoidq-camp-iHo.'¡tbpi Sultan. This gentleman immediately set out for Ohiohli, accompanied, by the chief of the police, and summoned M. Vnccaro to deliver up the child at once. This was accomplished without difficulty. The child is said to be of surpassing beauty, just years old, of fair complexion laudJiigldy-dqvplopedSntalligetioe.it'aiid theSullnn's matit\iilp-to Yitobs P'iaba is reported to have been exhibited) in the most generous. [manner, , for resto'ratijHi to the Imperial barom took place im- mediately with all the honours due to her rank; and the Sultan betrays the most lively delight in her company. Of the other child, 'distance 'year younger, no trace has been found as yet. Sister Martha declares that she was taken away by a traveller about to start for Cephalonia, where be declared he possessed a vineyard, and where he resided with his'wife''and'family. 'Rofcronco'was given to the Italian Consul at, Constantinople, whose memory fails him'oiit'iroly with regard to the circumstances of the case, and as Vitalia Pasha has -been despatched mice more in quest of this second stray blossom from the Sultan's family tree, whose adventures may, perhaps, be even more curious than those of her older sister, Times of Natal, e /MoNsrn.qjj(j .^IjUjfoi.-Visitors to augment wine vaults or damp'ooal'iiits are sometimes astonished 'by'thol'c\irioub"fiiiig'i which draped the walls with 'gruesome tapestry '; but every instance of this kind is thrown into' the shade by the extraordinary ?growths''willoh have recently been discovered in some of the 'deserted Mexican silver mines of i Nevada, United States. The dark, warm, timber galleries and drift of these old workings, abandoned to themselves for years, have silently given birth to a monstrous brookS of morbid vegetation, which,' apparently, has no parallel in the regions of the sunlight and the upper air. In general they are all of a snowy whiteness, and some of the hooded masses rise up several feet from, the ground like sheeted ghosts. Others, in the distance, take the form or bearded goats or sleeping owls. Hero great bunches of long white hair hang down from the roof; and those huge pulpy masses encumber the floor like bosses of bramston coral, The latter appear to have sprung miraculously from something spilled upon the" rocks in' past days ; while the former seem to have crystallised like head-first from the atmosphere if self. Some of the rounded masses have actually lifted up from the floor blocks of stone Weighing 40lb., 50lb., and even 100's., to a height of life in the higher levels of the mines, where the air in drier, the fungi are far lOSs bulky than below, and much firmer in texture. The Shapes here are, however, more elaborate and beautiful. One kind grows in a twisted, spiral, Jileo a ram's horn, to a length of] iii t., and hangs from the rafters, like a trophy of the chase, or, rather, like a serpent suspended by the tail. Another sort sends out a stain 100 thickness of a pencil to a height of 9ft. or 2in, whose blossoms into a bulbous knob something like a flower. Nothing, like the toadstool or the 'common mushrooms to be found! and the wondrous g'roWthfl'havü'all,the,aspect'of being called into a special being by the' peculiarities of their environs. 