i ITKArs OF NEWS. Tun court, for Lite revision of Llio electoral list for the district of I ho'Murrumlmlgee .has I been fixed . to tuko placo at. iho localv.Cdurl- i house, on\ Tuesday next, tlio 10th instant. .Voters whoso: names Imvo* been loft .off the roll should sec Unit. tiieir names are put on I lie list. 15 v advertisement it will be sccn that the firm of Hand ami Tompson, stock and station agents,-of tins town, have takon into partner ship AIiv Henry Thompson Davidson, ofliul-; lenbong. The latter gentleman' will travel and conduct the business of the new (um principally in the country. ' Tkndkkh arc mvited^for the supply of stores, &e.;, to tho'WnggaWugga Hospital. 'I lie advertisement-' appears in the usual column. (\ « » v.' '7 ' r % Thk report of the annual meeting of the Fire Brigade will be found in another column; also, the report of- the- Hospital Committee mooting, both of winch 'took.place on Tues day cveiuiig hist. . I'iiOFESSOit .Rice, ^according; to announce ment, gavo »two oE yliia >. very 'interesting performauens, on . Tuesduy.^aiid Just evening, to an appreciative audicneo. :/,-Tb0rtest9.in tnind-rcaduig.towluch ho .was: subjected, i were .thorough and successful; .and although i the sceptical tried to . unravol, the .mystory, i they faded in the attempts As an exposerof i spiritual phcutfmena, the professor was vory i successful. .The ghost scene was oneof. very I groat merit, and defied the.closcst observer.^ On such occasion several nervous people ex hibited signs of. temerity. Miss titlie Mar- i tineau sings very sweetly, and diversifies jthe | entertainment.- Professor llico will give two i more entertainments on'Friday aud.Saturday evenings next. On Saturday -aCtcrnoou thcie ?will . be a .' matineo performance for school children,, which is suid.wilLbe very amus ing- _ A:' CHILD named Demmery .was. missing from, hisv home in Traill-strcet on :Tucsday cvenrng lasli. nnd it was thoujjht that ho had fallen down a well, lie was - afterwards found near the river' bank, and; was restored to his family. - v- » . " TiiBr.Supcrintemlent of tho hospital^ac knowlcdges. the following kind donations of miscellaneous articles Anonymous, linen j Mrs. W. G. Taylor, papers and linen ; Mrs. Fitzbardiiige, papers and fruit;; Airs. Mona han,. buns j ..Mrs. Leyshon,. papers; -Mrs. Lmcolu, papers j'Mrs. Eaton, papers ; Mrs. JOdney, flowers j .Mrs. H*inu;{flowers pMfss Beeson, flowers. ... . A PFAT in boating against the stream has been reported to us": by Mr. John . Darling, the ownor of a» liand-paddle boat. He says that ho left Manning, South -Australia,'some four months ago, and arrived, at VVagga AVagga on Monday.= night; lasb, the 2nd lust. He says that he has not travelled the whole of tho time, bub that when -hoi did lie avoraged twenty miles per day.. The boat ib a large oue for one man to paddle. :It is 20 feet in length, and 4 feet S inches across the beamv ' Mr. Darling is an elderly^mani being 02 years of age, sixteen of which, he says, have been spoilt in the iJntish'army. Wk havo received a circular in pamphlet form from ; the promoters of the. Juvenile Industrial Exhibition to- bo . opened in Uutliurst ou Wednesday, 2ud November. Tho committee being dosirous of stimulating tho' industry, aud ingenuity of . tho young, have decided upon ^inaugurating an. ox?; hibibion, and have issued a schodulo of prizes, : which will consist of cortificatos;in gold and i silver and bronze- medals. . Limitod space i: prevonts us from publishing the list of prizes, j but they ore varied, and , numerous. .Wo hopo tho exhibition will be a successful one. A DKLTBRiuTn attempt at murder and sui i cidewas committed early on Tuesday morn irig . at: Kussci'st"reet,s Melbourne, by. a cord-, sharper named Harry . Colloy, on a woman of. 1 the-town namod Amy Lewis. /Tho:deed> was'; committed deliberately, and a determination was shown from beginning to end toearryout 'the crime. After hacking at Iho unfortunate i woman's throat, until sho lay apparently dead, >he cut his own, but tho injuries are by no ;tncuns so serious as thoso sustained by Lewis. )Both.. of, tho. principals :in'» tho:. tragody. -.wcre. romovod to-the Melbourne Hospital. " \7:;; . The/proprietor of tho . Courier', an nounces^ bis intention = of -publishing ^ Ihreo "aT;r3",'i8"DnSnil?f\SVb(ll)'br,ctn8FBt-toiP progress of journalism jn the mtorior of the colony. i | J WJ: learn Uiafc three' families, introduced i into theso colonies by tho Marquis de Ray's i expedition; have already taken up their abode i on Moppity station, tho property of Mr. i Curio Marino, and viow their - prospects in tho' j most" satisfactory. manner.' . - -.v i . A CENTENARIAN namod John Robertson i died in Sydney early on Saturday morning at tho. remarkably advanced . ago of 102 ?years. Robinson was born >: in Dundeo,. Scotland, i arriving in tho colony U'A years ago, when he i was 48 years of ago. For. a .number of years i ho carried on business in tho vicinity . of« the ! Market Wharf as a .timber. inerchnnb and shipowner. His wifo died some, two years. ago, at the ago of 94, ar.d his children arc also i dead, tho only remaining relatives being his i two grand'duugbturs, Mrs.: Allon Noild'and 'Mrs. Craig.. He was well built, though not a large, man, and;, retained all his -faculties, particularly %bis memory, as ho did his broad i Scotch, up to tho timo of his death. His tlu : miso was.moro the result of old ago than of any accident or. ailiuont. Ho. had'a slight fall some .little .time back, but it is.not thought that, this could have accelcrutcd his . deaths which occurred at tho rosidencoof.Mra. Cruig,; in Sussex-Btreofc, yesterday morning, at-4 o'clock. ' . A LIBEL action-Mooro Brothers v. Huyncs. ana Archibald, proprietors of tho Bulletin comes on for hearing in tho Supreme -'Court, Sydney, to-day. Tho plaintiffs claim £1000 damages, with rcspocb to.an article, which ap peared in a recent issue of that paper relating to cortain' proceedings on last Boxing day.' Mr. Darloy,\ Q.C., mslvuctod by ,Mr, Herons is rctainod fortheplaintiffs, and Mr. Salamonsj' Q.C., and: Mr. Fletcher, instructed by Messrs:: Slattory andJIeydon, aro retained for the do* fendants. >> The Polynesian who lately'absconded from tho magnolia plantation is , suspccted of the 'Maryborough'"murder. A boat containing tho Polynesian passed Woody Island on Saturday night, and was standing right out to sea. The bout answers tho description of tho ono stolen from the plantation. i ?:TnB Adolong. correspondent of tho Tnmut and> Adclong 'Ames soys:--*,* Wo are happy to inform you," so writes- u metropolitan paper, V that tho Chinese who-hove landed in thousands in our beautiful city, aro leaving fast for up country." Shortly a couplo of days must be unnounced as- set.; apart for ?6pe'oial;pufposes,;viz.-a day: of' thanksgiving for Sydney j a,day of lamentation^in: 6ack-f cloth and ashes for llic country. < . > .Ti3E 6'..il/.^//cra?fMcanis that the Public "Works .^Department has now matnred ? a' schcmofor the introduction of choap railway fares, which:"Will moot tlie requirements* of the largo number of artizans and othors who are at present engaged in building operations along our railway lines. The cnmigoments of'iJtho; majority of these workmen ? aro terminable at a week's notice, and the department considered it dcsirablo that thoy should bo afforded tho jncans of travelling at a cheap rate from their residence to where they worked. It was also thought advisable ; to givo artizans and others every opportunity for:leaving the overcrowded city, and ob taining the benefit of fresh air in the suburbs, and with these two objects in view tho .de partment has decided to adopt a system of issuing working men's tickets for use 011 tho railway lines. The matter has been under Consideration for a length of time, but some .delay was caused owing to the difficulty oxperionccd in providing for one class with out apparently ignoring others who might have equal claims. ! A woman" naruod Margaret Crabtreo, wife of John Charles Crabtreo, of Caledonia-street Puddinglou, was found dead 011 the ground j floor of her house 011 Monday morning. Mr. and Mrs. Crabtreo wont upstairs at 12 o'clock on.Sunday knight, intending to retire. She, hovvovor, said eho would go down again for a blanket, and descended the etuirs for that pur* peso. landing that she had not returned, her husband, at 3 o'clock on Monday morning, wont 10 look for her, and found her lying upon her back in a lower room. Life wad extinct. Up to the time of her death Mrs. Crabtreo had been in good liealtli. No murks of vio lence were found on the body. Ox Monday Constables Molyneux, ilihhiu and Monks captured two men at Homcbush, who arc charged with robbury at Stawell. Tho police had followed them for two days before they came up with them, and then took them at night while they were campcd bcnide a lite in the bu*;h. The daily Northern' Argu# say9Our Queanbeyan correspondent telegraphed Hie particulars of a horse-whipping caso that oedurrod in the township on Saturday last. It appears that a lady, residing in tho town, considering herself insulted by something that had appeared in tho columns of the Q,ueanbeyan Time* newspaper, purchased a whip, went to tho office, and horsewhipped tho proprietor. This (adds our correspon* dent) is the second time Die same proprietor has" enjoyed " tho whip, ? Tub death is announced, through burning, of General James Butler, of Kintbury, Hoiks. Lie carricd the colours of his rogunent through tho battle of Waterloo, and was pre sent at tho storming of Pcronne aud the cap turo of .Paris, * < ..???TUB Canterbury Prrn says :-A. marriage in high.lifo anoug tho natives took^placo at St. Stephen's Church, Kaiapoi, a* few weeks back; tiio: ceremony being: performed by the flew I). O; Jiamprieu,-assisted by tho Rev. O.' j B.^MutUir . .The -bridegroom, r Taro:/Wi Tehoika, is ar native assessor, and the bride is a relation oflhaia'Taiom. /L'ho church was crowdcd with visitors, Maori and Euro* pean. The bride w«s attended by two train* bearers and twelve [bridesmaids, attired in .while, with scarlet. sashes, and blue veils round their huts. The day's. proceedings i were>kept up'.wifch feasting, for which pur pose a large supply .of provisions, inclusive of dried shark, had been laid in store. The bndo's * cake wasajvery handsomo onc,;and about 250!ba. of cake altogether were used up. ... ' 