OMNIBUS. Tbe detached squadron is under orders to proceed next to Auckland. ° The Melbourne Bakers' Union are con tinuing their raid against their bretheni, who undersell them - by giving short weight. Seven more bakers were; fined 10s. and a guinea costs yesterday. The suggestion that the. Berry testi monial should be a shilling subscription not having brought forth the silver, a writer in the Age seriously suggests a public meeting to initiate a sixpenny sub scription. A Piuhran- batcher, who approved of the early closing movement, stood outside the shop of a non- approving rival and stopped customers from coming in. He was fined £2 for his enthusiasm. At the marriage of Mr. Norman ? Wil son (brother of Mr. Hector Wilson) to Dr. Gray's daughter, She London fashion was introduced into Melbourne for tho first time, of little boys in fancy dresses, as pages, bearing the bride's train. The wedding cake was over Sue feet high. The death of a child at Ipswich is re ported under curious circumstances. The mother received a letter from a friend in service, who was suffering from fever at Rockhampton, and the child nibbled tho envelope, and so it is believed cantracted ? be fever. Mr. A. T. Clark, of Melbourne, late Commissioner os Customs, in referring to Sir B. O'Loghlen's motion, said, at a public meeting last night, that titles did not frighten him, and were- often gained by catile duffing proclivities on the male side, or loose virtue on the fomale side. A correspondent writes to the Argus'. — ' An amusing instance of the manner in which the quarantine regulations are carried out on tlie border is related by Mr. George Cornwell, the well-known coi.« traitor, who arrived in Melbourne from Sydney on Thursday. He states that after the train stopped al the station a head was poked in at the window, and a stentorian voice -houted nut ' Anybody hero, got the smallpox?' Numerous replies e jually stentorian of the monosyl lable ' No !' satisfied t|je illustrious functi nary, and with a gratified ' All right I ' ho passed on from carriage to carriage, and having gone through this absurd farce, no doubt felt he had done his duly to the colony, and earned his silary.' Important despatches from the Secre tary of State for the Colonies have been published in the Hobart Mercury nt tho instance of the Premier of Tasmania. Earl Kimberley, after stating that he has perused with much interest the records of tbe deliberations of the recent Inter colonial Conference, refers, among other things, lo the question of Chinese immi gration to Western Australia. He says that strong evidence' of the injury likely to be sustained by the neighbouring colonies would be necessary to justify the Imperial Government in interfering with the Legislature of (hat colony for the very limited Chinese immigration now pro posed. The Aldermen of Brisbane are going in for robus. The fattest and ugliest strongly objeot to donning the pi-oposed uniform and have re. solved to die first. Propessob Pepper, the author of the Polj . technic Ghost, appears in Queensland next month and will give bis scientific lectures. The Afayor of Warwick, in response to a rej quisition, declared Monday last a day set apuit for humiliation am) prayers for rain. 227 mileB of the Rockhaiaptou railway will 'be open next montb. Captain Weaver, well-known and much respected resident of Brisbane who has been ?' down south' for a time, has come back to establish a Brisbane branch of the ' Civil Service, Banking and Commercial Provident Society.' In the Government Gatette it is notified that visitors will sot be admitted to the Brisbane Hospital or Diamantina Orphanage, until all immediate danger of an outbreak of small pox in Brisbane shall liave ceased. . A liABQE'Kugar company, representing prin cipally English capital, has determined lo invest largely in the Mackay district. Ma, Joh.y Spilleb, sugar planter of Mackay, has imported by the mail steamer Almora, a locomotive for use on his plantation railway. The officers of the Squadron were deluded into playing football with a Melbourne club. Lieutenant Barney soon ob tained one goal and soon after Lieutenant Le Marchant sprained his ankle badly ; and Dr. Wilmott, of the squadron, came into collision with another player. Both were unable to rise. It was found that Dr. Wilmott bad broken a small bone of his leg, and he was removed to the pavilion, where the injuries were attended to. There were several nasty falls. Fine manly game, football. Ik the Victorian Assembly ; last . week, Mr. Ball concluded his speech by singing a stare of aeomie«ong. Mx.Dow enjoyedthe amusement o£ ' rubbing it in' to the Corner. ;. Mr. Bowman was cauBtic in tiis remarks against the Govern ment, but he trill give them his vote. In the speech made by the Governor of New Zealand at ihp recent opening of Parliament, it was intimated that Ciri! servants in that colony would in .future go out of office on I changes of Government; eb is done iu America. ASTRiKiNG featureinthe temperance crusade . , in .the United States is an Act soon to be passed in Indiana, requiring that any person desirous of indulging in tho wine when' it is red must takeout a license costing £2, and that if ho * should «ver get 'screwed' he must forfeit even that, ... - ' Xze bakers of Brisbane advertise' thatowing . to 'the rise in th op rice of floar tbey have been -compelled' to iuisa the price of bread from 3d, ,: to 'SJd. 'per 21b. loaf. The price of flour- in Maryborough is only a.few.shulings over lirifk 'v^. rone, yet'ho ehange h'M tatoipli^berc.* ?j-%^® i Tgg people in Boma -say .St is'so',«oii3 itbwe Usj '.tbat the thermometers liaveto4ie made a foot * ; longer to be of any nse, and that even then ou ?? a'particiilarly sharp night the instruments bare : : ,- ij to get'down off the pail to keep pace frith the Wither.. : ' , 4j 