THE importance attached in this country to a system of education, combining good mental training with religious instruction and wholesome domestic supervision, is practically illustrated by the newly opened Newington College at Stanmore, an institution which may justly claim to take rank with the best of its kind in England. The origin of the college may be traced backwards to July, 1857, when a meeting was held in York Street Church to aid in the erection of a denominational College, affiliated to the University. His Excellency Sir William Denison occupied the chair. The meeting was one of great unanimity and enthusiasm, and the sum of £7,329 15s. was then promised, including a subscription of £20 per annum from the Governor himself. Though that meeting did not accomplish its object, and Wesley College survives only on the Calendar of the University, yet indirectly it wrought a great and good work, for without that meeting as a provocative and a starting point, Newington College would certainly not have become a fact. It was at the suggestion of Mr. E. Webb, of Bathurst, himself a large contributor to the object, that the attention of the Council of Newington College was directed to the land at Stanmore as a suitable site for a College. By the will of the proprietor, the late Mr. Jones, this, with other property, was, after the death of certain persons who held a life interest in the same, to be appropriated "for the furtherance of the cause of Wesleyan Methodism in the colony of New South Wales." After long and careful consideration of the subject by all the district meetings throughout the colony, the recommendation of the Council of Management was approved, and was then sanctioned by the Conference. "It was generally agreed that no object could be found large enough to represent colonial, and not merely local interests, and permanent enough in its character to represent those interests for all time, that was more worthy to be entrusted with this generous bequest than the long pro- jected College and Theological Institution. In the one it was hoped that Christian influence, arising out of faith in Christ and in God's Holy Word, would accompany for good the instruction of many youths in preparation for commercial and professional pursuits ; and in the other it was intended that the theological students should be thoroughly possessed of the Christian verities which they undertake to teach, as well as competently furnished in whatsoever things qualify the Christian minister of the 19th century to take his place as a skilful and cultured, as well as an earnest, worker in that ever widening field of labour in which public opinion seems to expect him to conjoin the fervour of a seraph with the half-man half-horse physical endurance of the fabled centaur." The actual site of the College, including about four acres, with the serviceable cottage at the southern end, was obtained by purchase and paid for in part by subscription. In December, 1869, the Council of Management took the first steps towards building. Competitive designs were called for, and a public breakfast meeting was held to raise subscriptions. The result, however, was fear rather than hope. The under- taking was felt to be very great, and the foolish builder of the Gospels seemed before the eyes of the Council like a ghost of evil aspect, haunting the vacant site at Stanmore for nearly seven years. In January, 1876, the Council determined that the time had come for immediate action, and tenders were called for. On the 18th of May, 1878, the building having been raised to the height of the first floor, six memorial stones were laid hythe following gentlemen :-the Rev. Dr. Gervase Smith, representative of the British Conference to the Australasian General Conference ; the Hon. Sir G. Wigram Allen, Edmund Webb, Esq., M.L.A. ; the Rev. Wm. Schofield, William Davies, Esq., Goulburn ; and the Rev. G. Hurst on behalf of Rev. J. H. Fletcher, then disabled by an accident. The building was sufficiently advanced to admit of occupation by the end of July, 1880, and the President (with his family), the head-master, and one resident master, were in residence before the 1st of August. The school opened with about 100 scholars. Four theological students were also pro- vided for. The Council of Management set out with the idea of building with brick, at a cost not to exceed £12,000. But serviceable building stone having been discovered in this neighbourhood, and in view of the exposed situation of the principal portions of the structure, the Council yielded to the persuasion of their architect, Mr. Rowe, and decided that the College should be built of stone, except the interior walls. With their experience of the difference to be allowed for in transferring an elaborate architectural design from paper and ink to stone and timber, and making it workable, allowing also for the vast increase in the cost of building during the period of their hesitation, it is probable that the design in brick would have run very close to £20,000 before it was finished. The result is a more expensive but a more handsome and durable edifice, the total cost of which will be £33,000, or including the land (20 acres), £55,000. The amount raised by sub- scription towards defraying the cost of the College, is £16,500. At the meeting in connection with the opening of the College, £1,700 was raised, including £1,000 from William M'Arthur, Esq., M.P., Lord Mayor of London, and £100 from John Harris, Esq., Mayor of Sydney. In addition to the foregoing, a gift of £1,000 was received from Mrs. Schofield for a scholarship in memory of the late Rev. Wm. Schofield. It will thus be seen that the College has started under the most promising auspioes, and bids fair to prove of great use fulness in the work of religious education, combined with sound practical instruction. In our engraving is shewn the College as it appears at the present moment, but when completed, it will present a larger and bolder appearance, as one of the wings has yet to be erected. NEWINGTON COLLEGE, STANMORE, NEAR SYDNEY. 