The Town Hall. THERE was a fair attendance at the Town Hall last Monday night, and the performance was one of the most amusing which the Minstrels have introduced here. Mr. Beaumont Read sang in his usual pleasing style, and received an encore. Miss Glendinning rendered two ballads with good taste, and in the expressive air, " The beat ing of my own heart," she was very successful, re ceiving a decided encore. The comic element was very strong during the evening, " The Blood less Duel" being a very laughable piece. The concluding farce of "Thompson's Dead," in which a very substantial ghost figures, created roars of laughter. Sweatnam's Minstrels were fairly patronised last Tuesday night, the burlesque of "Pin— a—4 " being received with great favour. The costumes of the characters in this amusiug piece were most grotesque, especially that of Sir Joseph Half-and- half, who gets his name from his mother's "ale" and his father's " porter." There are a number of atrocious puns in the course of the play, and the whole of the names are so changed as to make the perform ance a very laughable one. The part of Captain Cork O'Ram was well played by Mr. Shannon, and that of Sir Joseph Half-and-half by Mr. W. H. Bent with great spirit. In this character the First Lord goes a-fishing, and catches some extraordi nary denizens of the sea. He also attempts a number of local hits. Poor Sir Joseph, however, at last falls overboard, and is fished up, together with a shark, which has got hold of him. The whole scene is very ludicrous. Most of the popular airs in this well-known comic opera were capitally rendered, and Miss Glendenning and Mr. B. Head were very pleasing in two duets in cidental to the characters of Josephine and Ralph Haystack. Mr. Bent's parody of Sir Joseph's well-known song, " And now I am the ruler of the Queen's Navee," was enthusiastically encored. The same programme was repeated on Tuesday evening. Our Hemmant correspondent sends us the following item :—"The first concert of the 1881 series given in the Hemmant school was held on Friday night last, and was very well attended, the schoolroom being crammed. The chair was taken by Mr. H. A. Kingsford, M.L.A., who com menced the proceedings by a short address. The programme comprised songs by several well known Brisbaue amateurs, assisted by some local vocalists, and the various items were carefully rendered and enthusiastically applauded. Votes of thanks to the performers and chairman were tendered and acknowledged, as also to Mr. and Mrs. Revington, the schoolmaster and mistress, after which dancing commenced, and was kept up with unflagging spirit till 3 a.m. when the company separated, well pleased with the even ing's entertainment. 