COUNCIL REFORM IN VICTORIA. Even the^ public of Victoria ? mast by this time be getting utterly wearied of the endless discussions oh Constitutional Reform which have taken place in Mel bourne* For those outside of that colony the subject has long ceased to possess an absorbing interest. It is so obviously made a mere weapon for party warfare that it is out of the question for , an outsider to discuss with any degree of gravity the many changes in the , details of the reform which have from time to time .been proposed. The propositions submitted,, and the time at which they are submitted, are both 'made to serve some political purpose. The only man who has given any evidence of being sincere in the matter is Mr. Service. He propounded a reform, scheme to the country ; he secured a majority at the elections, and when he became Premier he laid Mb proposals before Parliament without any unnecessary delay. It is true he failed to secure the necessary majority in the Assembly ;. it seems doubtful whether, if his Bill had passed the Lower House, it would have been endorsed by the Council ; but Mr. Service himself must be acquitted of all vacillation and dishonesty. Mr. Berry, on the contrary, ha3 been in power for nearly four years, yet during the whole of that time he has never suc ceeded in bringing the question to an issue. ? Ho has propounded: various Schemes; he has sometimes professed great moderation, and at other times he has uttered the ~ wildest threats ; but hitherto he has failed to settle the question of reform. There seems now to be every indication that his latest proposals will add another to the already lengthy list of failures for which he is largely respon sible. It will be within the memory of our readers that the latest Reform Bill was passed by the requisite majority in the Legislative Assembly, though it was pretty certain that if it was agreed to by the Council it would only be after material amendments had been effected. A proposal was made that there should be a conference between the two Chambers, with the view of arriving, if possible, at a common under standing, but this was scornfully rejected. In due time the measure reached the Council, and it -was met on the threshold by a technical .objection raised by the President, which, though not directly dis countenanced by the Council, was not acted -upon. Ultimately a new pro posal for a conference between the two Houses was accepted by Mr. Berry. The members chosen to attend 'on behalf of the Council were fairly representative, but those selected to represent the Assembly all belonged to the extreme Liberal party. Of course there was little hope that the conference would lead |to any practical result. It should be stated thatj the term ' conference' is not to bo understood in the ordinary Parliamentary meaning. The representatives really dis cussed the points of diflerenco at great length. No Chairman wa3 appointed, though of course the Clerks attended to keep a minute of the proceedings'. Three meetings have been held, and from the telegrams which we publish this morning it will be seen that no definite conclusion has been reached, Now Mr. Berry proposes to adjourn the Assembly for a fortnight, so that the Council may have time to consider what they shall do with the BilL What the next step will be it is not easy to say. The Government are not likely to appeal to the country, because just now they are not certain of receiving the Catholic vote, and without it it is doubtful whether they would secure a majority at the elections. Mr. Berry promises that they will not be in a hurry, for, we suppose, the very sufficient reason that he himself does not know what to do next. The probability is that tho subject will ultimately be dropped for the present session, and in the recess Mr. Berry will probably seek once more to arouse a strong feeling against the Council. In behalf of the Legislative Council Sir Charles Sladen submitted the following questions for consideration : — The Con stitution of the Council ; the relations between the two Houses; the relations of Ministers to Parliament ; and probable amendments of the Constitution and Electoral Acts. Mr. Berry was very un willing to enlarge the field of discussion as proposed, and, in truth, the real ques tion about which Ministers profess to be most anxious is the franchise. The Bill provides for thirty members and single electorates, the franchise being enjoyed byeveryratepayer. TheCouncilwantforty two members and twelve provinces, as well as a more restricted franchise. Sir Charles Sladen hinted that if Hare's system of voting were adopted the Council would probably be prepared to accept the ratepayers' roll as the con stituency of that Chamber. The first meeting was comparatively quiet, the second was somewhat more lively, and the third and final meeting waa conducted after the style with which the readers of the debates in the Victorian House of Assembly are unfortunately only too familiar. The representatives of the Council definitely proposed at the second meeting to take a £i0 ratepaying qualification for owners, and £25 for occupiers, the existing arrange ments in regard to plural voting'. to be maintained. At the third meeting - Mr. Berry and th9 other representatives of the Assembly refused to give up their 'proposal that all freeholders on the ratepayers' roll should have the franchise. Until the whole of the proceedings of the conference are in print it is impossible to say who is chiefly to blame for -Jie miscarriage which has taken place. The Council, who com plain of having been misrepresented on former occasions, were evidently anxiou to take the opportunity which waa afforded them of fully explaining their views. It(fis* certain, however, 'that'jio Re form Bill will ever be passed it Ifr is to deal with tha wide range: of subjects mentioned by Sir Ciiirlea Sladen. On the other hand tho Govern ment proposal to have aingle-inembet districts is in itself suRiciaut, st.» condemn the Bill ; and so 1 - 1^ jw tho two Chambers are to be deoted at different times and by difcrauti electorates it seems hardly wise £? ra&ko; the franchise for the two Ch&m;'^rs ap« proximate so closely. The fact, h i Vever , is that the whole subject is ia a , mnddir* and Mr. Berry had better let it al»»o for\a few months until he can devi30 somi reform which is likely to act as a check upon the very extensive power. noiW possessed by the Victorian Logialativo Council, and to which that House may b-3 disposed to agree. - ' ' '?? Mail Fassbhobbs. — Tbe following persona are booked to leave per the mail gtaaauhip Qathay, which sails this day, April }3. Foe Soothampton — Mr. and Mrs. H. Kjuiill, twd daughters, four sons, and servant, Mr. acd Miff, Borreil and child, Mrs. Gibson, Miti*« Oibwa (2), Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Pomeroy and two children, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Hay, Dr. Archer, Miss Archer, Mies Carter, Mr. O. R. Tot! I. Foe King George's Sound— Mr. W. Sandovrr, Ifisiea Hamilton (2), Mr. Brennan. Thu is a mnctx larger number of passengers than have left bj any mail steamer for some time past Tub Gbxkbax Elbctioks.— The election ia tbe District of the Barra resulted in thn return of Messrs. W. B. BoansevaU and B. Ward ; mta Wallaroo, Messrs. R. D. Rom, L. L. Furner, and W. H. Beaglehole. Tbe scrutiny for Albert ia not yet concluded, bnt so far the -eamlidatesi stand in the following order : — Messrs. Hardy, . Hentiing, Shannon, and Bull. In the particulars] which we publish elsewhere the numbt r of dec* tors stated to be on the roll must be regarded as approximate only— except in the case cf the Barra, where the etact numbers are piven— as) since the retorn from which the fignrts ara taken was published in the Gazette tr .u«fera from other districts and from one polling -plaoa to another have in some instances beeu miJe. Sotjtu ArsTBiriA'M 'Whom.— Tho awards given by the Judges in the Wine Section at the Melbourne Exhibition to South Australi iu wioe makerg will be found in our tt-lfgraphia columns. They are all included in the seconil and third orders of merit; in fact, m Anstra.' lian wine has obtained a first order. Wbstkbx ArsTBALUM Tbleodaph T.ihk.— Tbe following telegram was received by the Postmaster-General on Tuesday afternuoa from Eucla :— ' Western Australian line interrupted between Israelite ana Jttsperance says stuoa tma morning.' . ; Obtvikai. Brmsos. — The owe of Johaua Frederick Kubale, charged with the murJer o£ his daughter, was began at tbe Supreme Oonrb on Tuesday, but after five witnesses hid been examined it was adjonrned till to-day. As tha witnesses were ordered out of Court our report is held over. Bobu v. Makh.— Tbe hearing 0! this case was continued in tbe Supreme Goart oa Tues day. Mr. Patterson was re-examin- hl, and Messrs. Butt, Lea wort by, InkesUr. ' and Mais were called on behalf of tha Grown. Mr. Butt, the Government Q-untlty Surveyor, put in the figures' of the quantities of materials ss taken oat by him. Mr. Let* worthy described tbe process of barge-tipping'. Mr. Inkeeter, the direr employed by tha Government to take soundings, explained tha way in which the soundings were taken, and gave evidence as to tbe sixes of tbe blocks oE stone ss he found them at the bottom of the sea, and the effect of the wares at the depth ta which he had to go. Mr. Mais, the Euglueerin Ohlef, was examined and cross- exauiiced at some length as to the effect of the words ' natural slope' and '1 in 4.' In substance he was of opinion that taking t'.ie con tract as a whole the contractor w*8 bound to do the work according ta tha lines shown on the drawings— to put in tha quantity of material as shown by tha drawing*, and in the positions indicated thereon ; but it in the carrying oat of the work the ee\ carried out the material to a longer slope be would not require the contractor to put in the necessary material required to bring the work up to the section shown on the drawing, provided that tbe safety of the structure were not endangered. Mr. Downer then recalled Messrs. Bobb, flick son, and Btrarjger, in reply to point* that had been raised in the evidence for the Crown, as ta the practicability or otherwise of lowering; 20-ton blocks into their plaees from a staging . by means of self-acting Lewis bolts. Mr. Hickson did not think Belf-acting boltu'could ba used at all with large blocks, and to depoiit tha blocks at all from » staging would, though possible, be very expensive and difficult. Mr.' G. E. Farrar, Quantity Surveyor, produced statements 0! quantities taken out b; him, which differed by about 600 cubic yanli from those of Mr. Butt. It was explained that tha surveyors had respectively taken out thcic quantities on a slightly differeat basis as regards! the low-water line, and the amount of saving which the contractor would effect by continuing to carry out the work as constructed np to tho present time. This concluded the evidence, Tbe counsel for the parties will address tug Oourt to-day, and His Honor intiuntcrl that ba would not be prepared to give bis j 1 !b'meut until after the Easter holiiiys. Iksolvbhct Ootjbt.— On Tuesday a notica was posted up at the Insolvency Oourt thit His Honor the Chief Justice would come over aad sit at 1.30 for the purpose of adjourning tha hearings. The Bar mustered strongly, and a number of insolvents. attended, but after walt irjg in vain till 2.15 there was a general de parture, no message having been received to explain His Honor's absence. Subsequently it transpired that His Honor would sit to-daj instead at half-put 1. It ii understood that the Executive will meet at noon to-day to con sider the question of providing for the vacancy in tbe Oommissionership of the Iusolvencj Court. His Excellency tbe Governor is ex pected in town. The reason the Chief Justice could not sit on Tuesday waa that be hsd not been appointed. South Acstbauam Land Mobtuacs and Aoehct Compamv.— We notice tlitt the Directors of this Company hare determined ta offer to tbe public of South Australia the 10,00(1 ?hares which were reserved for colonial sub*- scription. They will be issued at 10s. premium, and after the final payment has been nude tha shareholders will be entitled to partis! pate in all dividends that may be declared by tha London office. It is not intended to call np more than £2 per share. In London tha share* are quoted at 15s. to IT*. 6d. per share premium. Should a less namber than three- fourths of the 10,000 be applied for no allotment will be made. and the deposits will be returned in full. Tha application-li*t is to remain open until the end of the present month. Mahihe Boa&d.;— This body met on Tuesday; April 12, and dispatched a full programme oE business. In future applicants for pilot licence* will have to submit to the colour test. The silfa question was brought up by a request from tba Treasurer, for a report on the newspaper accounts * of j the f pitches made by the deputationists ia him. The Superintendent of the Dockyard] furnished an answer which, to tbe Board's thinking, was a complete justification of theifl attitude towards District Councils in tba matter. It was asserted that tbe supply waa M adequate and as cheaply provided aa the circam stacces warranted ; and it was argued that ta land tbe silt at addithnal expense for making roads was improperly surcharging the loan raised for puplio purposes, and was contrary ia tbe implied instructions to deepen Port Adelaide as economically and expeditiotulyu possible. ExnmrnoH of Pictcais.— Mr. P. E. Key Boldt, the well-known fine an dealer of Mel bourne and Sydney, Intends opening an exhibi tion of works ef art in the To«ra Hill next weefe. The collection wilt icclode a variety oC Goupil & Co.'s splendid Freccb engraving*, and a number of Prang's popular oleographs, com* prising figure, landscape, aad flower subject*. There will also b- reproductions in chromo* lithography of the drawings of Birket 7o»ter,' Eowbotham, Sydney Cooper, and others ; aqua graply, photographs, photogratiugs, and auto types. Mscy of the art publications embraced in the collection were shown at the Melbourne Exhibition, and proved a great attraction there. Bbqct&sm;^P or Fumskrs. — Messrs. X. Ccokesnd W-V*. Mortlock waited upia ♦ha Commissioner of Crown Lands on Monday, April 11. to nrge on behalf of the Port Aagnata Corporation that a better and more direct route ! to the Albert Gold Diggings than U st present ' known thoold be surveyed. Mr. Oooke said ; Mr. Bfortlock and himself coald arrange a : power f til deputation to wait apoa the Oommi.i »:cner, tat they thought they would interview him in the fine instance. Tin Commissioner, I in reply, said a deputation would do no good ;' at the present time, as a route had. been sur veyed, and every water supply was known. In the event,' however, sf : the diggings turning out wtll, hB would pledge himself to place a sum on. the Estimates with a 'view of obtaining water on the nearest practicable route. Hj said, in eucb an event, advantage would be taken of the railway, and the route would probably stirt from Beltana, if not further north. The sime gentlemen called the Commissioner'* attention to the matter'of the cleaning out of the dam at Coo ^5tto. Mr. Cooke referred to the corre»pondenc3 ttat had taken place during the last threa nconths ou the. subject. He said tha Govern ment had always conveyed the impression that thf y would do the work if it could be done at a moderate rate. They now, however, foe the first time had informed him that there were no funds in hand, and that it was a work which ought to be done by the people. This should have been stated from the first, and then the people would not have* occupied the unfair position which they were now placed in. Mr. Flayford admitted that the Government were to blame, and said he had sent for a report on the subject-, and he would endeavour to do something to meet the wishes of the residents cf Coonatto. Mr. Cooke also informed the Commissioner that he and Mr. Mortlock had teen requested by a meeting held at Wlllowie East to ask him to restore the well and whim in that neighbourhood. They had done so, bat cp to the present time bad received co reply. He asked that the whole subject of water supply for the district might ba reported upon. The Commissioner said he bad asked for a report upon the whim, and if a further letter were sent in to him asking that the whole question of the water supply should be reported upon he would see that it was done. He would promise that he wonld see if arjj - thing could be done to improve the supply. Mr. . Mortlock went fully into the matter of the closing of the stcck road from Pinkecton'j wool shed through Pichirichi Gap, and give some additional particulars to those which were con tained in the memorial which bad been for warded to the Government. Mr. Flayford siii if the report based upoa the memorial wera favourable he would, in all probability, recoai tnrad as a compromise .that there should ba a three-chain road instead of a one-chain roul, to as still to give * route for sheep to travel in that direction.. Adelaide Hvbbbw Oo»QBBOiTiox — Tha half-yearly general meeting of the -Adelaide Hebrew congregation was held at the Syna gogue Chambers, Bundle- street, on Tuesday evening, April' 12. Twenty-seven members were present, and the President, Mr. M. J. Solomon, occupied the chair. The balance sheet, which was presented andadop'ef, 'howed that the receipts for the six months amounted to £603 lls. 10d., and the expenditure to £505 2s. There remained a balance in the Bank, fncludiDg balance from laat half-year, of £350 14s. 5d., or just £100 above the sum in hand at the close of the previous six months. A pro position that the debt of £2C0 be paid off was negatived. The resignation of Mr. H. Bennett as Treasurer was accepted, and Mr. L. Cohen elected in his place. Previous to the meeting proceeding to the election of a fourth trustee in lien of Mr. A. E. Cohen, deceased, Mr. I. Simmons protested against the vacancy being filled np on the ground that the trust deed provided that only when the number of trustees were reduced below three should tha general bsdy elect another. Various opinions having been expresied on this question, Mr. S. launders was appointed trustee. A special meeting was afterwards held to consider tbe advisability of authorizing the trustees of tbe Synagogue property to apply to Parliament for sn Act vesting in them powers to sell or lease the said property should tbe congregation so direct, the money raised thereby to be expended in erecting a place of worship in a more suitable locality. The President read a report giving the reasons for the course proposed to be adopted, and moved a resolution giving effect to the object of the meeting. Mr. S. S'.unders tfeconded. Mr. Salom proposed an amendment to the effect that prior to any action being taken in the matter three months' notice should be given to the members of all particu lars of tbe powers sought to be obtsineJ, the expenses likely to be incurred therein,' end] of any proposal for the expenditure of the pro ceeds of the property. This was seconded by Air. A. Abrahams. The amendment was nega tived by IS votes to 9, and the proposition was carried by 19 to 7. , Resolutions were then ratsed, stating that the trustees should only txercise power of sale or lease with the consent cf .three-fourths of the members present at a special general 'meeting1, and that the expenses connected with obtaining, tne Act of Parlia ment be borne by the coDgregatioj. The meet ing then dosed.' V v The Dawk of thb Mhibbict.- At tha Police Court on Tuesday morning, after the cases had been disposed of, a man gaily decorated with towers rose from the seat upon which he had been sitting, and intimated to the Bench that he was desirous of making a statement. Mr. Eeddome gave the necessary permission, and stepping into the ' witness-box the man at occe, in a . low monotone began: — 'Gentlemen of this Court— I have taken this extraordinary step of introducing myself to your attention for the purpose cf delivering mvaelf from the bonds which en rempftss me, and also to direct particular atten tion to the serious fact that a vast amount of actual responsibility now rests upoa every person in authority, and every Christian in society in these colonies regarding the in teresting and glorious work that for so raauy years has been hanging over these colonies, and which I am now anxidas to bring before you These pamphlets X hold in my hands have declared unto the world for the past six or seven years the very important fact thai I am the Son of God, the Christ of God, created so by tbe Divine power of God the Holy Ghost, for the purpose of accomplishing- His divine purposes relating to the personal reign on earth ef the Lord Jesus Christ. These pamphlets explain bow.' Mr. Beddome— 'la there any more otjtbat ?* The Speaker—' Yes; I will go cu.' Mr. Beddome— 'But I am afraid If it is of that description we cannot hear it— (Laughter) — becamse it docs not come within the functions cf this Court.' (Renewed laughter.) Tne Speaker-' But it isja very important matter and I am' ? He made two or three more attempts to continue, bat Mr. Beddome was immovable and the man had to step down. It is supposed thit his miud is affected by reli gious mania. Scbskk Death.— On Monday night tbe City Coroner made enquiries at Qaeenatown re specting the sudden death of Mm. Cocks'* little ' girl, WUmot Ann, aged thirteen months, who expired about 1 o'clock that day. Dr. Mitchefl was tent for, but before his arrival the child had breathed its last Snowing nothing of tbe case, he could not give a certificate. The Coroner did not think an inquett necessary. Cokqhigatiohal Uaiow.— The annual meet ings of this body were continued in the Stow Memorial Church on Tuesday, April 13, under the presidency of the Chairman (Eev. T. Hope). ?' Various report* were presented, and a great deal of routine business was transacted. A public meeting was held in the evening, when . papers on Church matters were read by tbe Revs. F. Searle and O. EIrby. Xobth Abelatdb Bailwat Staiioh. — It wculd be a great convenience both to railway -; passengers and to people who have occasion to go to the North Adelaido Station if the present dingy stylo of lighting the premises were attedoned and gas substituted. The station is surf ucded with gta mains. And the gasworks are close by, so that we do not apprehend the ccst of laying on tbe^servke pipes would ba very great We have been requested to call tha attention of the Manager of Railways to the matter, and we hope he will be able to give tha j required convenience. | Thkatbx Botat.— -There was but a moderate j attendance on Tuesday to witness the third j performance of Byron's ' Lancashire Lass,** whkh is to be played again this evening. Tub AunitGA.— The sailing of this steamer j is postponed till Thursday, at 3 pun. ' j AhU.0AMA.T10H OF THt GlBNHLQ RaILWAT Coxpakies.— On Tuesday, April 12, meetings of both the G'eaelg Kailwiy Compiniej were held to consider matters in connection with the pro posed amalgamation. The shareholders of both passtd resolutions which will have the effect of increasing tbe number of shires snd reducing the value of each to £1. The Gleceig Company decided to' increase its capital by £5,000, which will be paid over in i hares to the other Com pany in accordance with the terms agreed upon between the arbitrators by whom the details of the an. animation were arrange 1. The altera tion was also rendered necessary by the new Staid'ng Orders of the Legislative Council, in which a Bill authorizing the amalgamation will be introduced early next session. Mails fob Mocjtt Poolb.— The Sydney Post Office has arranged for mails between TVilcannia and Mount Poole, to be conveyed by coich, to commence on and after the 23rd inst. The cotch will leave Wilcannia on Saturday, at 9 aotL, and arrive at Mount Poole on Tuesday, at 9 a.m. ; leave on Tuesday at 4 p.m., and arrive at Wileannia on Friday at 6 p.m. ? Phbshstatios to thb Rbv. W. B. Fletchhb. —On the evening of Monday, April 11, a pre sentation was made to the Eev. W. B. Fletcher, M.A., by the members of the Adelaide Young Men's Society, on the occasion of his marriage. The presentation was in the form of a silver newer stand, manufactured by Mr. Steiner. Tfce subject was an Australian tree fern holding a crystal Sower dish in its upper leaves, the in evitable blackfellow throwing a spear, an emu and kangaroo being grouped round the base. Mr. Robin, onecf the Vice-President*, in presenting the gift mads a few complimentary and suit able remarks. Mr. Fletcher expressed his surprise and pleasure at receiving such a mark of tbe Society's goodwill, and the hope that the kindly feeling would long exist betwen them. There was a large attendance of members and friends, who seemed to thoroughly endorse the goodwill expressed by Mr. Bobin. Port Adexaidh District Scsday-schooi. Ujuox — Tbe third quarterly Conference of Sunday-school teachers belonging to this Union was -held at tbe Alberton Baptist Church oa Monday night, April 11. Mr. E. JL Derrington, J.P., presided, and there was a good attendance. Air. 'W. Niell read a brief and practical paper on the ' International Series of Lessons,' in which he pointed out tbe advantages of the series and the benefits arising from the use of the hints to teachers and the distribution of the pictorial leaflets to scholars. From subsequent remarks it appeared that the leaflets were new to many teachers present, bat that they would strongly recommend tha use of them in schools unacquainted therewith. Mr. Marine next fol lowed with a paper on ' A Model Bible-clan.' He aimed to show how a greater standard of excellence would be attained with senior classes by teachers illustrating virtua in blameless lives, and how the interest of the scholars would be secured by inciting them to exercise their thinking faculties. Doriog as interesting discussion which followed, the Rev. J. Burns was Introduced and welcomed to the Conference as the successor of the Bev. K. Kelly, of tha Bible Christian Schools. The thanks of the Conference were presented to the* writers of the papers. It was affirmed desirable that there should be an annual mass meeting of scholars in the Town Hall,' and the commutes was in structed to arrange details. Adelaide Youxq Mbs's Christian Associa tion. — Tbe annual public meeting in connection with the above was held in the Town Hall on Tuesday night, April 12. The hall was well filled, and Mr. D. Murray, J.P., the President of the Association, occupied the chair. Ad dresses were delivered by the Chairman, Bev. J. F. Hooter, MJL, Bev. D. O'Donnell, and Mr. C. H. Goode (ex-President). Some capital musical selections were given by a choir led by Mr. Grayson. Mr. James Shakespeare acted as musical director. Apologies were received for the absence of His Excellency the Governor, the Hen. J. Colton, and the Hon. H. Scott. Cehfaz Expoets.— With to-day's Summary tables we publish an additional table showing the quantities of breadstuffs exported from Port Adelaide and each of the outports during the first three months of the present year. It has been compiled from the official returns, and will, we think, be of special interest to those who are connected, either commercially or otherwise, with the several outports of the colony. Payixg fob Telegrams. — A correspondent has pointed out to us that in Victoria postage stamps are taken as cash in the various tele graph emcee, and that, as this proves a great convenience to people In that colony, the system might with advantage be adopted here. On the Victorian telegraph-forms the following memo randum, with an index hand, is printed in the right-hand top corner :—' Payment of the fee for the' transmission of this telegram may be made either in cash or postage stamps.' 'When postage stamps are used they must ba affixed here.' . Fatai. Shipping Accideot. — The City Coroner having made enquiries respecting the death of James Lawrence Beid, second officer of the steamer Franklin, who died on Tuesday morning, April 11, at the Adelaide. Hospital, found that on February 28 he was superintend ing the discharge of potatoes from the vessel at Fart Augusts, when the. sling slewed round a bit jttst as deceased was pushing them over the deck, throwing him, over the combing of the hatch into the hold, a distance of IS feet. He was picked up complaining of his back and. taken to the Port Augusta Hospital, where he remained till March 30, and was then removed to the Adelaide Hospital, a great sufferer from injury to the spine. The Coroner, after com municating with Dxs. Ward and Wilson, did nut think an inquest necessary. Deceased bore aneicellent character from the Company as a steady young mas, and was only twenty-four jearj of sge. Death at thb Hospital.— A man named James Lawrence Beid, who was admitted into the Hospital on March 31, owing to Li juries to his back, received whilst on board the s.s. Franklin, at Port Augusta, died in that institu tion at half-past 7 on Tuesday morning. Sudden Death.— Mr. Carl F. Grahlow, boot- maker, Rundle-street east, died suddenly at his residence shortly before 10 o'clock last evening. The Coroner has been informed of the circum- stance. BhDCCTIOHS IN THB GoVEBSJIEHTShRYICB — The seamen and firemen employed on the Government dredgers hive, it is intimated by placards posted throughout Port Adelaide, decided to resist the reduction of £1 a month ordered by the Marine Board. The potters on the Port line have, we hear, received notice of a reduction shortly to be made, which practi cally means 6d. a day off their present wages. They at present receive 6s. a day. Thb Acadhut of Music.— A very fair atten dance was present at the Academy last evening, and received with evident satisfaction the amusing little pieces presented by the Mor daunts asd Mr. W. Carle. The audience fre quently applauded tha performer*, who will appear tgain this evening and throughout toe week. Thb Picttbes at xhb Towa Hall. -The exhibition of the collection of pictures which has been shown at the Town Hall will close to-day at 2 o'clock, at which hour they will be offered for public sale. Sacred Coxcekt at thb Town Hall. — It will be seen by advertisement that selections from Mons. Meilhan's Mass will be performed for a second time on Good Friday night, at the Town Hal], together with selections from the ereat masters. Messrs. Marshall & Sons, who have engaged Mons. Meilhan for this purpose, have spared no expense to ensure a good per formance, having secured the services of Mdlle. j BcwJy Mere. Mbss Ella Kennedy, Miss Vande- i peer, Messrs. H. G. N«sb, J. Hall, W. R. Pyba?, j J. K. Winterfcottom. T. Xarrowav. and a chorus | of thirty voices. 'VTe understand that Messrs. Marshall intend for the future to t*ks s promt- i nent place arcoog those who wish to raise the | standard of music in this city. j GovMuatMT Txtobbs. — The following | fenders were opened on Mondaj, April 11, i viz. ?— At tbe Engineer-in-Chiefs ' Ofliie— Con- structing engine- shed at BelUns, fonr tenders, J. Fitzpatrick, lowest; for construction of pas- ! tenger-station at Beltana, three, Phillips, House, ! and Co., lowest; constructing goods-shod and ! platform, Beltwaa, three, J. Fitzpatrick, lowest ; i erecting signalman's cabin level crossing of ! Glenelg and Nairne Railwsy*, two, W. Petr, lower. AtArcbitect-in-Ohiefs Office— Painting axd repairs toKooringa Post-Office, one tender. Fastis. Dai Sports.— The acceptances for ibe vsxious events to take place st the Eihibi tion Grounds in connection with the six days' tournament close with Mr. Britten not later than 9 o'clock to-night. j FinOHEBS- STH3BT PBXSBTTSRUlt SuXDAT- I School.— Anniversary tea and public meetings in connection with this Sunday-school will be held this evening. 