? SPIRITISM. TO TBE EDITOR OF THE COCTKIEK. SIR,—Notwithstanding the extreme length of his letters, "Astral" has neither replied to the main points I have advanced, nor vindicated his own logic. The grammar and style of his letters-are, however, so variable that it is difficult to believe that they were all produced by tbe saine band. I have a request to make. Will the writer when quoting an author give the name and page of the book quoted, so that the context may be studied? Many of his quotations have been shown to be beside the point, and worthless in argument. "Astral" represents Chambers as saying somewhere that "Spiritualism is the germ of the greatest discovery and the greatest revolution of thought the world has witnessed." For himself •'Astral" is even prepared to set aside God's inspired truth when it does not agree with the new revelations of spiritualism. Of coure tlie new star must illustrate the great doctrine of progression, and developing gradually into a sun must eclipse all the lesser lights of the firmament, even the Sun of Righteousness itself. What new light is this t ^Tiat new truths are revealed; What single fact of any importance, not found in our libraries before, have ail the crew of medium witches during their reign of thirty or forty years revealed ? If Bpiritism be in reality what " Astral" says it is, it is bis duty to enlighten the world, by publishing far and wide tlie important communications received verbatim ri literatim. Trutli is catholic and cosmopolitan. Why'should a coterie have a monopoly of truth? Let " Astral" publish all the messages received by a medium, say in a week. Let everything be reported, good and bad. Then the public will be able to judge of the value of the new revelations as compared with the old. Mr Nayler, a great' spiritist, used to be troubled with " larrikin spirits." We should like to hear them speak for once, if not too unruly. But then, what should we do if they became very violent? "Astral's" logic has not much improved. The main point at issue—that men have, through mediums, communion with the spirits of the dead—he carefully avoids. A sad lack of discrimination is manifest in all his communications. How can we reason with a mind that jumbles together pell-mell things that differ? "Astral" coutiiinally confounds the particular with the universal, as was shown in my-last letter. He quotes, " Court earnestly the best gifts," tc., 1 Cor. 12\. But the whole chapter shows that these are the gifts of the Holy Ghost, bestowed alone upon true experimental Christians. The quotation, "Eye hatb not seen," See., 1 Cor. ii., 9, also refers tt> the experience of living saints, for St. Paul immediately adds, " But God hath revealed them unto us by His spirit" Again, if God "ill divers manners" revealed His word and will to prophets and seers, what has this to do with a system that dishonors God and His revealed truth; that is associated with so much that is absurd and even immoral?. -To fight in this style is. to beat thin air. " Astxal" is perhaps fchortsigllted, or it may be his glasses are cdlored green. The cyesalve prescribed for the Laodiceans would no doubt improve his vision. "Astral" does not teem to realise the infinite disparity between the Great Creator and finite creatures; between Htm who must ever be absolute sovereign, and those who must ever be absolutely subject and dependent. No development or progression can possibly make finite natures to possess the attributes of such a being, else, at last, there wonld exist no central authority, ijQ absolute Deity —not even a Jupiter among the gods. I repeat, it is blasphemous to say that God is such an one as ourselves. Many of His at- -tributes are not possessed by men -even in germ. "Astral's baby argument does not apply. The baby and his father are both finite. " Astral himself is but a poor creature, with. limited capacities. He cannot be compared with the incomprehensible God, and can never develop into such. Alas for a system that so degrades the mind of an otherwise intelligent man that it is necessary to tell him so. Tiiis person writes about summerland, or the future life, with all the confidence of one possessed of complete knowledge of it. St. John's truthfulness and modesty are to be preferred.. He says, " tt does not yet appear what We Bhall be." .With regard-to the doctrine of eternal progression, I suppose no one denies the probability, within the limits of our finite nature, of the future growth of a truly sanctified . spirit in humility and knowledge, and holiness. But, what is more to our present purpose, modem spiritism lias nothing to do with t.hin progress. It does not promote it in the present state, ns even this small correspondence has already demonstrated. And, judging from the published 'messages received from the famous dead, spiritism does not benefit them there much. Plato has lust hi& splendid and Lindley Murray bis grammar, ily buteher's boy talks a^ sensibly as the most renowned sages now, if we can trust the mediums. ' "Astral" acknowledges that it was useless for Dives and Lazarus to communicate with tiie living. And so it seems. They have nothing of value to make known that God has not already revealed. " They have Moses and the -Prophets; let them bear them," said tbe 'Great Teacher. Astral" tries to ward off the effcct of 2 Thess., ii. 11, but he cannot do it. He says, " If God sends me strong delusion that I should believe a lie, it is His faulty not mine." t am not^sure of that. If I wilfully shut my eyes to the light of heaven, and then, walking in itaAnm, stumble hurt myself—whose fault is it! God enlightens every man that cometh into the irarM- He gives to all the light of reason, of conscience, of His ever-present Spirit. To ns He "has given, besides, the light of revealed troth. This trrth is attested by 'be .most convincing and overwhelming evidences, that have .satisfied the greatest minds, and made Locke, and Bacon, and Newton, and -Grotuis its, champions and "Ivocates. We are iree. . We may accept, . id use, the light' God has given; or, if we j choose, we may xejcct it. God's sovereignly is a great .truth. He wiU not be triiled with.; Wbat if a rejection .of i His' truth by >ns fehoald iead 'to a rejection of us by Him? Gpd's irays'.irB.'.egoaL' . ft is not a case of 'moral'niTixder, 'butsuieide. "Astral" shows the same want of judgment in reference to the expression "Thou fooL" Suppose' we allow that vt js wrong for one man, who perhaps is' not-wiser than the other, to call his - brother i ai "fool." *' " Do Tin we «e dare to da3\ Him to account for doing so, of whoir. tfce Father said, "Thy throne God ^ for ever and ever. "Astral's referto the Witch of Endor, of whom we may speak again, is "misleading. Josephus only commends her hospitality and qrmpithy for .Saul, not her necromancy. - This woman had forfeited her life for violating the law in practising her unholy arts.- " Astral" appears to be in love with her, I suppose on the principle of "spiritual affinity." He sayV " She is one of the few really gocd women. X conclude with one or two quotations from the celebrated Joseph Cook's lectures on spiritism, as reported in the Soufltern Cross. "President Day, of Yale College, said of spiritism, 'Either nothing is in it, or the devil is ia it.' No candid mail who knows its history during these twcnty-Sve years, will now affirm the first wing of tiie president's alternative; the second is as philosophical as it is Scriptural." In 1S57 the Agassiz Investigating Committee, ia reporting on spiritualism called it *'a stupendous delusion," and said, "It is the opinioa of the committee, derived from observation, that any connection with spiritualistic circles, so-called, corrupts the morals and degrades the intellect. They, therefore, deem it their Eolemn duty to warn the community against this contaminating influence, which surely tends to lessen the truth of man and the purity of woman."— Yours, &c.;, [Fnture letters on this subject must be written with more regard to brevity, or, in the interests of other correspondents, we shall be compelled to close the discussion.— PaooF- ED. B.C.] n 