OUR FORTNIGHTLY SUMMARY. Our Fortnightly Summary for transmis sion to Europe by the English Mail, per R.M1.S. Bokhara, which closes at seven p.m. on Saturday, 10th inst, will be pub lished TO-MORROW MORNING. Per sons requiring copies will oblige by for warding orders. VICE-REGAL.-Through the courtesy of the Private Secretary we learn that his Excellency Sir J. H. Lefroy has received a telegram from London, stating that our new Governor, Major Sir G. C. Straban, will leave England by the Orient line steamer Orient on 10th October for Tas. mania, via Melbourne. LONDoN WATCH AND DIcwoND Cos0 rANY.-We have to acknowledge the re ceipt from the Sydney branch of this Company of a sample of the ring adver tised by them in our columns some time since. It is a neat cameo scarf ring of 18-carat gold, enclosed in a neat morocco case, and is a marvel of cheapness. We have also received a price list of watches by best makers kept in stock by the Com pany, setting forth the moderate terms upon which these useful articles can be obtained from the Sydney branch. A THErT oF TIsE.-A very cool rob bery was perpetrated at the residence of Mr J. W. Popper a week or two since, the thief slipping into the drawing-room through the open side-door, and appro priating a very valuable French clock from the mantelpiece. As no trace of the clock has since been found, Mr Pepper offers a reward of £5 for its recovery and the conviction of the thief. Crry FooTBALL CLUB.-A special meeting of members is called for this evening, at the Workmen's Club, when important business will be submitted, A THEATRE FOR LAUNCESTON.-The prospectus is published in another column arc of the Launceston Theatre Company mc Limited, with a capital of £8000 in £I shares, of which only 12s will be called Se up during the first six months. The pro- Vl posed capital is believed to be ample for Sli purchase of site and erection of a roomy Cc theatre, and it is believed that as a Se financial speculation the project will in a Pl short time yield a fair return to investors. G' The list of provisional directors is one Ci that should ensure confidence in the Cm future management of the company, and 31 it now remains to be seen whether the 119 public of Launceston and the surround- D ing districts will assist in remedying a C want which has long been deplored. S; ESPLANADE RAGOED SoseooL.-As our readers are aware, several gentlemen have T for some time past been endeavouring to li obtain permission to erect a Sunday- 7 school for those children who do not 0 attend any place of worship on the Esplanade, near the southern end of the n Market Wlharf, and behind Messrs Babing- r a ton and Irwin's lower timber yard. Their e great difficulty has been to find the authorities who could give them the I requisite authority, as the Municipal Ii ° Council disclaimed the power, and the d a Marine Board stated they had no juris g diction over the locality, but both these t bodies having no objection to the project t o application was made to the Minister of Lands, who has granted the Committee a lease of a site at a nominal yearly rental. ,e It is intended to erect a wooden building, e which shall serve for the purposes of an Undenominational Sunday-school and t \- Mission-room, the want of the latter i > having been often felt by those engaged i 1\. in the work of the Town Mission and C. other philanthropic aims, and the Com a mittee will be glad to receive help from those interested in the good work towards .n the accomplishment of the first step-the re erection of the building. se PROPESSOst RICE AT THE MECHANICS. 1e -This artist appeared for the second. time in Launceston at the Mechanics' f Institute last evening, when there was another large audience prehent. The h performance went off with smoothness, of and was thoroughly enjoyed by those , assembled. The mind- reading was again the theme of general wonderment, the ' Professor answering most of the tests put as to him with ease and accuracy. This is or without doubt the strangest and most °. perplexing exhibition ever chronicled in this town, and requires witnessing to be °" fully appreciated. The audience testified Ls its recognition of the entertainer's efforts is by genuine applause. The second por sy tion of the programme comprised the ring of and handkerchief tricks, both of which were accomplished in a manner that ge mystified all present. The Professor also sil gave another proof of his powers in the ed art of psyclhomancy, and concluded the entertainment with an exhibition of the ry celebrated ghost illusion, which was a- executed with that degree of neatness .at which can only be attained by an adept in lo- legerdemain, or the trickeries peculiar to ay spiritualists. Professsor Rice will appear once more this evening, when the per n- formance will doubtless receive the liberal to patronage its merits deserve. Mr Bertio ed Willison, the energetic agent, leaves gh town to-day for Beaconsfield and the d north- west townships, in order to make ed arrangements for the Professor's country ve tour. he AnoHDEACONc Y of LAuNsrosmo.-The ns monthly clerical meeting was held at in Trinity Church at 10-30 a.m. yesterday, he when there were present- Ven. Arch deacon Hales, Canons Adams and Brown to ring, Revs. Wayn, Geiss, Evans, Rogers, itil Dixon, and Hogg. The Holy Com Its munion was administered, Canon Adams mas being celebrant, assisted by the Rev. Mr Geiss, and the Rev, A. Wayn then og preached from First Corinthians ii., 29. :e, After service the clergy adjourned to the he residence of the Archdeacon. The fifth Its and sixth chapters of Ephesians from the ed Greek Testament were read and discussed, nk and the report of the Sunday-schools Committee was brought up and adopted. dit It was decided to hold the next clerical for meeting on 6th October. 1S- SUNDAY SCrHoo INSTITUTE.-A meeting ral of all persons interested in the Church of ier England Sunday schools was convened to sin meet the clergy in the Trinity School room last night, for the purpose of ef- establishing a Church of England Sunday s. School Institute for the Archdeaconry of use Launceston, but on acconnt of the small of attendance the meeting was adjourned till of Thursday next. ore S. P. C. A.-The usual monthly meeting on of the Society for the Prevention of Lire Cruelty to Animals was held at the Town ced Hall yesterday afternoon. Present 05e Messrs. B. P. Farrelly (in the chiair-), mud Birchall, Edgell, Mesdames Flexmain, Fysh, Thompson (Secretary), Misses on Whitefoord and Stewart. Amongst the correspondence read was a letter pointing say out the necessity for thes erection of r-drinking troughs on the wharf. This r-Secretary reported a commuinication from of the Town Clerk to the effect that the ar- matter would be considered by the Water on works Committee. Several letters were ls- read with reference to the condition of Mr O'Neill's coachs-horses, Emii Bay. It heappeared thae ferainof £5 had been old indlicted, Mr O'Neill's horses continued to on- he used while in an unfit state, and a of second charge laid against him resulted in a fine of £5 and costs being inflicted, ace defendant promising to be more careful he in fusture. Mr O'Neill wrote pointing nest that he was as careful as it was lpossible to be considering the state of the roads. SThe monthly report of Inspector Sessions was read and approved. The Treasurer ass reported a credit balance in hand of £57 per 5s 4d. It was decidsd to call a special ve meeting to consider the annual report, tmb- and make arrangements for holding the esr- annual meeting. SMALL - ox Iw SYDNseEY. -Anotheer patient named Clement Lind of say, who was sent aboard the hospital his ship Faraway, died on the 30th A signet. red In the enclosusre two girls, named Ellen cur Lindsay and A. Trevos, are both de an. linenus. The other patients are progress ine ing towards recovery. Dr. Tarrant as- stated in thes Assembly that lee knew there had been several cases of small-pox zy. which had never been reported. A re re- port publieshed states that 40 houses leave his been quarantined, 9 have been released, or- 14 more are about to be released ;35 sick me persons have been qisarantinmed, besides of 50 who were perfectly well; 45 have been me allowed to return to their houses; 13 Vs deaths have taken place from small-pox. 1 On Saturday Mrs Margaret Garrett, m- married woman, residing in Botany-road, ms six miles from Sydney, was found to be be suffering from small-pox. She is grand mother of te'o children named Ryder ab- who died in an infected house at Water of Ion recently. About noon on Saturday ce, a young man named Thos. Cauelfield was am admitted to the Infirmary upon recoin ro- mendation of a doctor whso diagnosed his >nck disease as typhoid fever, but on his he beimeg examined by one of the house ser surgeons on Sunday morning symptoms nd of small-pox manifested themselves. All the other patients in thee same ward were hal at once removed, and thee ward they had hsis been occupying was fumigated, and ten Caulfield renmoved t> the rinarantino statiosn, Ri rrsc CoMPrvETITION.-Tho following are the squads and order of firing for to morrow afternoon :-1st squad, 1.30 p.m.-Gun. Bhenan, Bomb. Andrews, Sergt.-Major.Young, Vol. J. M. Martin, Vol. D. Woodfleid, Bomb. Gow, Gun. Sheehan, Corp. Croft, Gin. Learoyd, Corp. H. Martin. 2nd equad, 2.45 Sergt. J. Gurr, Quarter-Master Sergt. Prossor, Sergt. Blair, Paymaster Hunt, Gun. Hole, Col.-Sergt. Connell, Lance Corp. Smith, Corp. Baird, Bomb. Miller, Corp. Hill, Quarter-Master Sergt. Mosey. 3rd squad, 4 p.m.-Gun. Mills, Lieut. Martin, Gun. Dinham, Gun. Irvine, Vol. D. Gow, Gun. Conway, Gun. Briggs, Corp. Gow, Sergt. W. Howe, Corp. H. Sams. LLusc ETON BENEVOLENT SooItTY. The return of the number of persons re lieved during the week ending September 7th is as follows :-19 men, 50 women, 90 children. I CAVALuy Cosurs.-Menmbera of the Tas 3 manian Light Horse are particularly requested to attend drill at 7'30 this r evening. Di. OOMuEAnow, public vaccinator for the Evandale district, notifies the hours at which 1 he will practice gratuitous vaccination in his a district. TENDERs are invited for the right of selling e refreshments and providing judges' lur.cheon at t the fotlthcoming show of the T. A. and P. Asso ciation. ATTENTION is drawn to a letter with regard to stripping machines published clseowbese. Tic Y. M. C. A. Board of Management meet this evening at the rooms. 0 IN connection with the forthcoming exhibi d tion of the Art Society of Now South Wales, it r is intended to hold an "Art Union," prizes d ranging from two to fifty guineas, the drawing d to take place 1st October. List closes in Laun ceston 21st inst. Every member will receive a large and very handsome photo of Piguenit's n monochrome, "lForest Life in Tasmania-the Le Midday Rest." Tickets, 21s each. HUDSON 0o AND HOrWOOD.-[Advt.] 