A NIGHT IN A HAUNTED HOUSE. Opposite the residence of my friends the Gibsons stood a small frame dwelling, which was the terror of Beanville, for it was said to be haunted. A murder had been committed ten years before, and since then the poorest laborer in the county would not take the nlace for a nresent. Beggars had tried to live there and failed to secure sufficient rest to live upon. Tramps had been known to climb in at the windows, but they climbed out of them before daylight. Not a dog would stay there. It was a genuine haunted house. And so, being down at my friends' for a visit, I resolved to investi gate the matter, and declared that I would sleep there, at least one night — more, if necessary. 'Well, Frank, you'll be sorry if you do, I assure you,' said Mr. Gibson. ' The house is haunted,' said Mrs. Gibson. ' Yes, sir ; haunted,' declared the friend of the family, who was smoking his cigar on tbe porch. r Cure and I saw the ghost myself, sir,' said little Biddy, nursing the baby on tbe lower step. 'Then I'm going to sleep there to ntgbt,' I declared. ' I have alwavs wanted to see a ghost.' I stuck to my determination. I went to the little, empty house that night, and 1 carried thither a mattress, a blanket or so, and a revolver. It was a warm night in summer, and tbe little place was dry enough. I re fused all company. ' Ghosts never appear to large parties,' I said. ' If I need help I wdl fire my revolver out of the window. You'll hear tbat.' And so, half scolding, half laughing, they let me have my way. At eleven o'clock I retired to mv couch with a book aud a kerosene lamp, and by midnight I had read myself to sleep. What awakened me I do not know, but I suddenly sat up in bed with a sense of groat discomfort upon me. The lamp was burning, my book lay where I had dropped it, hut I had a feeling that something was in the room. ' A trick is about to be played upon me,' I thought, and started to my feet. Of course 1 had not undressed, and holding my revolver in my hand, looked about me. I saw nothing, but I heard a queer sound. It was as though people were snapping their fingers about me. I could associate the sound with nothing else. It was not a crackling or tickling, it was a positive snapping sound. Yet some insect might have made it. Tbat should not discom pose me. At last the sound ceased suddenly as it , begun, and another tool: its place — a pattering as of bare feet walking about. They went in and out of the door, up stairs and down. I could have sworn that such feet were pattering about ine had 1 been blind : hut the moon shone brightly, and I went fiom room to room with my lamp and saw nothing. Returning to ray room I lay down again, and now a low beating liegan. It was as though a stick had been struck upon tbe floor at intervals of two minutes. And suddenly a curious thing happened. All the bedclothes weie drawn entirely ou me and thrown into the corner of the room. Now for the first time I began to feel nervous. I sprang to my feet and rushed to the entry, thinking that someone must be concealed without the door, with some contrivance for twitching away the blaukels; but the house was empty. I went down stairs. I peeped into closets. I returned to my room. That was no longer empty. Upon my bed lny a mar. He was a rough-looking fellow, dis sipated in appearance, and dressed in ragged clothes. His feet were bare. By his side lay a thick stick. His eyes were open, and turned full upon me. I looked at him a moment, and then burst into a laugh. ' So you're the ghost,' I said. ' Come' — you shall have the bed for the rest of the night, and a breakfast in the morn ing if you will tell me how you pulled those blankets off.' For all answer he still stared at me. I drew nearer. His eyes were glassy, his features stiff, his limbs rigid ; and, horror of horrors, his head was covered with blood from a gaping wound in the skull. 'Great heavensl Who has done this!' I cried, and I' bent- over him and put my hand upon his heart to see if it still beat. Horror of horrors I I touched nothing lint the bed itself. There was no one there. Five minutes from that time I was at the door of my friend's house. I explained to them that I had had a bad dream and thought best to give up my investigation ; but in the morning I asked two questions : 'What was the murder committed in that house? Who was killed ?' ' The house was empty,' - said my friend, 'bandits owner gave two:tramps permission to sleep there. One killed the other in the night. The ghost is always a barefooted man iu ragged' clothes, and the ghost-seers always see the stick he was killed with.' I have a reputation for good common sense to keep up, so I kept my own counsel. THE.census returns show the popula tion of the municipal borough of Brighton to be 99,049, agaiust 90,011 in 1871. , The receipts for tbe Irish Land .League Fund are said , to be falling off a little, and no new branches are reported. A ferry boat, while, crossing the Dniester, at Jezupol, upset; and 'sixty three people were drowned. 