A PLAGUE OF RABBITS. A coebespondent of the Ingleteood Advertiser writes In the Quambatook district a Mr. Rat tray stripped from 160 acres two bags of wheat. The whole extent of this ground was ploughed and sotved, and gave every indication in the early part of the seasou of a fair crop, when the rabbits at tacked it in myriads, devouring every blade in their progress of destruction save asmall patch standing in the centre of the field, from which the leturn above quoted was received. Nothing but absolute ruiu is imminet for those located in the rabbit-in- fested districts unless the Government immediately comes to the rescue, and by promp s PP1 measures relieves them from the gica es P , the farmers in the maiee conntiy have to contend, against. It is shortly intended to invite ha Mm- - ister for Lands to the district, m order that lie may have some conception of the magnitude of the mis chief which, if not immediately remedied, will not only drive the selectors from their holdings, but the flockowners also, as herbage of every descrip tion is now almost completely monopolised by the rabbits With regard to other parts, fears are be ginning to be seriously entertained that the rabbits must bo left masters of the situation in tlie infested districts af Terrappee, Marmal, and portions of Wycliitella and Catunjmal, unless the farmers and . the Government &t; once adopt suppressive mea sures," #"' . "" l 1 men had gone over their troubles during the night and had matured a plan to fare better. Rugby al- ways kept a plentiful supply of choice viands, . ' for, be it noted, he never fared badly himself. This p , they suspected, and decided to prove it. It was v Agreed that Luxal aud Longfoot should not venture out of the room till night, when one was to mount J the other's shoulders, covered with a sheet, and at Vteatime approach the boss's dining room. Rugby obeyed Joe's request, and seated himself on the bed. Joe commenced about- "some long, white thiug going about all night about eight feet high, shaking chains, and blowing like a beached whale, till his mates ' hookt it' down to Mrs.Rugby's sister's place for their natural." Rugby and Joe went to work, but when night came, Joe had so thoroughly im pressed the truth of his statement on his master's mind, that he was asked to dine iu the parlour I At the appointed time, Longfoot and Luxal came forth, according to arrangoment. They had a large horn and a couple of dog-chains, the whole being covered by a milk-white sheet. At the first groan from the horn Mary Jane let the teapot fall ou her master's head, aud cried ' The ghost !" Joe upset the light, and then the "ghost" appeared. The noise .of the chains and horn baffle description, and in his hurried exit Rugby nearly felled the ghost, which turned to with Joe and the girl aud cleared the festive board. A few weeks afterwards Rugby got a new staff of servants, but he took the hint and fed them well. — Page 1 of" Odd Diary." There is corn in Egypt after all, and we are to have the services of a Road Superintendent — at least, so I am led to believe from certain lines for warded by our member to a friend. The officer's services are sadly needed, for after the recent rains the road between here and Grafton will be in a dreadful condition. In fine weather, I am told, -this line is bad enough with its many holes and so forth, but after a clay's rain, it is almost impassable. The mail coach from Armidale has been detained from three to five to twelve hours by swollen creeks between here and Ben Lomond during the past week. I trust Mr. Fergusson will see to these disadvantages under which we labour. Not bad, to those who can see the joke. — A party passing the Northern Exchange, asked what im portant sale could be on, to cause the profuse dis play of bunting 1 He was told, " Jones is ' selling' a little mayor. "Ill 