GHOSTLY MUSCC. (From ilia New York Times.) Spiritualism, which is represented by those who believe in it to be vastly superior to Christianity, differs, of course, from tho latter in its revelations as to tho state of music in tho other /vorld. The church has always held that the angelic host sings and plays on the htrp and tho trumpet in a way altogether beyond the reach of criti cism. Though a good deal can be done with harps and trumpets, we are not shut to tho conclusion that these aro the only instruments used hy the blessed ghosts in Paradise. Probably tho term trumpet is a general one, and includes trombones, saxhorns, and other instruments on which the chromatic scale can bo played. How ever this may bo, tho church has always taught that tho angels aro accomplished musicians, and has never thought it worth while to repeal tho blasphemou.° suggestion that accordions, banjos, and such like de basing reservoirs of vulgar noise are known beyond tho bounds of this miserable earth. But spiritualism, on the other hand, shows us the state of musical culture among ghosts is no better than that which characterises an Indiana country town. Tho average ghost plays on only the most execrable instruments, and sings only the most empty and aggravating songs. As for producing a decent tone with -i trum pet, or playing the simplest melody with the harp, the ghosts of spiritualism have never even ventured to make the attempt. When a ' materialising seance' is held, the medium always requests the circle of sing, alleging that under the influence of music yhosts materialise with comparative ease. But what aro tho songs that are sung in spiritual circles? The 'Sweet By and Bye' as a fair sample of them. They are invariably the illiterate senti mental songs popular among people who know absolutely nothing about music. They are sung through the nose with the mechanical sameness of the barrel-organ, and with a dragging of the time that is simply maddening. One would think that if the .singing of the ' S.veet B.y and Byo' could induce any ghost to materialise, it would be a large ghost with a heavy club, and a wild desire to brain the singers. Unfortunately, this is not what ordinarily happens. The singing ia followed by tho appearance of ghosts who are in the best of tempers, and apparently perfectly satis lied with tho ' music' which has lured them from the other world. O(' course, this is fatal to our respect for ghosts. If a ghost will deliberately come to earth to hear people whose voices are as cracked as their brains sing the 'Sweet By and Bye' they are wholly unfit to be noticed by persons of an}- sort of musical culture. This being thekind of musical taste which prevails in the other world, we need not be surprised to find that not a single ghost has yet materialised who can play on any decent instrument. What is even \vois« is the fact that the entire ghostly world seems to be given over to the accordion. Occasionally a ghost will. strike the strings of ii guitar so as to produce a discordant noise, but the accordion is positively the only instrument which ghosts will play in public. If spiritualism is true, it is evi dent that the first thing a disembodied spirit does is, to learn to play on the accor dion. Men who in this world would have smitten to the earth the wretch who should have tried to place an accordion in their hands will, in their ghostly state, take up the instrument from the medium's table, and proceed to encourage its asthmatic wheezing. ? It is certainly very strange that we should thus deteriorate after death. The late Daniel Webster was confessedly one of the greatest men of any age. He never pl-iyed on an instrument, and, in fact, had no liking whatever for music, but his views of the accordion were such as be ? came a statesman, a Christian and a gentle man. Yet, now that he is dead, he has devoted himself with much assiduity to the accordion,, and when he condescends to materialise for the benefit of a roomful of spiritualists — as he frequently does — he is pretty sure to say, ' Gimme that there accordion and I'll play a little suthin,' whereupon he plays the ' Sweet By and Bye,' ' Mollio Darling,' or 'Beautiful Spring.' George Washington is equally bad, and even Bhakspeare has repeatedly shown that he shares tho ghostly fondness for accordioiv,. Inevitably, this casts a gloom over the future world. . If, when we aro dead, we sink to the accordfion, and find pleasure in the ' Sweet. By and Bye,' we are decidedly better off here than we will be hereafter. So far as we can learn from materialised ghosts, there is not a harp nor a brass instrument in the other world, and if there were, there is not a ghost who could play on them. Wero wo to adopt the hypothe sis that only the ghosts of bad men had the power to return to the earth, and that their fauiiliarity with the accordion is ac quired while undergoing punishment, we might feel a little encouraged, biit, in point of fact, the ghosts of the very best and noblest men play the accordion, so that tho hypothesis suggested is clearly untenable. Our best plan is to decide that spiritual ism cannot be true. It is far more prob able, that mediums lie and that spiritualists are deceived than it is that Daniel Webster and Dante play the accordion. Let us cherish our belief in celestial harps and angelic trumpets, and hope that in the future life wo shall be fvee from the sight and sound of tho accordion. . Perhaps the fallen angels, having dropped and broken their harps, torment misorablo sinners by singing the 'Sweet By and Byo' and ac companying themselves on the accordion, but .surely in any other part of tho uni verso of ghosts that wretched instrument and revolting song must be unknown. 