BEFORE THE CURTAIN. — Of itself, and without any other attraction, the Gaiety Theatre should be popular, and that popularity is greatly enhanced when entertain ments of the kind now presented are given. ' Mother-in- Law ' is a comedy full to overflowing with good things, and one at which it is impossible not to laugh, and so with the burlesque, ' The Corsican Brothers,' it is irresistibly comical. Certainly you laugh at its absurdity most, but the wit of some of the dialogue is clever enough to induce laughter at the time and amusement on recollecting it afterwards. Every scene in ' Mother-in-Law' is worth seeing ; and those engaged in its represent ation act so well together, and with such keen perception of the humour of the situations in which they are placed, that not a point is missed. As imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, so also is it a sure sign of popularity. Ergo, if in the streets you hear, ' Not in Society,' it would seem to indicate that Mr. Dampier's catchword is enjoyed and popular. So, if some wag delivers himself of a joke, good in his own estimation, but requiring a poke in the ribs to point it as it were, you must take it for granted that the eccentricities of Janaway are held in fond remembrance still ; and so on, through the cast ; but there are a great many of the best points in the comedy which lose to be reproduced in this facetious manner, and the only means to their complete enjoyment is to see the comedy itself. On Saturday evening Mr. Alfred Dampier appears in ' Bel- phegor, the Mountebank,' in the interpretation of which character, as far at any rate as the colonies go, he has only been equalled by the late Charles Dillon. Mr. W. J. Wilson has opened once again the portals of the house of Opera. Mr. Punch has always been a well-wisher of Mr. Wilson, and he is glad to find him to the fore again, and with such an excellent entertainment The Montague-Turner Opera Company have nobly earned celebrity, and they have gained fresher laurels by their per formances of this week. ' Faust,' ' Lucia di Lammermoor,' ' II Tro- vatore,' 'Maritana,' are all works in which on many prior occasions the troupe has been heard to the greatest advantage. Their repetition then is for many reasons pleasant. Punch renews acquaintance with old friends, and by close attention he has discovered much more that is worthy of admiration. This evening, and to-morrow night ' Lucrezia Borgia ' is to be given for the first time by this company, and the opera is one in which Mr. Punch hopes to find Miss Annis Montague particularly excellent. It has been well cast, and will be a fitting conclusion to the season. On Monday night a complimentary benefit was given at the Masonic Hall to Mr. |Frank Cates, so long and well known in con nection with the late London Comedy Company. An excellent entertainment of musical selections was(provided, and the beneficiaire contributed several illustrations of his great ability as an elocutionist and reciter. Opera gives way to drama at the Theatre Royal this week. On Saturday night the favourite Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Williamson and a strong company appear here in a new drama entitled ' Eureka. ' ' Ould Erin' is the reigning attraction at the Queen's Theatre, and Mr. Walter Reynolds' popular drama is not likely to be withdrawn for some time to come. The mysteriousness of the Ghost performance at the Victoria Hall remains inexplicable, and the entertainment is as attractive as ever. Fbiends are reminded that the Consultation on the Melbourne Cup closes positively to-morrow (Saturday). c, — The Town Hall Clock So the Town Hall Clock has been put on the shelf, For the southerly blew on it sore ; There surely must be in that building some elf, For it seems to be ' rotten to the core.' 'Twas commenced long ago, as the ratepayers know To their cost — but it was the pride Of the aldermanic crowd, but now they cry, aloud ! For the clock has died ! Seven years without stopping — Tick ! tick ! tick ! But often wanted propping — Tick ! tick 1 tick ! But now stopp'd short — broken ' pane(s) in its side,' And ' queer' in its inside ! The remainder of this effusion, which treats upon the history and the mystery of the Town Hall from base ( very base) to apex, is unfor tunately crowded out. — Ed. 