TPlI Til * JL * The Eev. Father Keating has arranged for the erection of a new presbytery at Brisbane Water. The Rev. Father Casey, late ot Rockley, has died at Bathurst. The Roman Catholic Bishop of Sandhurst, Victoria, will visit Rome in January next. A new Roman Catholic church at Gundarao, Yass, will shortly be opened. The Rev. Father Fontaine, of Singleton, is about to take a trip to Europe for bis health. The Rev. Father Finn, of Murrurundi, will take his place at Singleton. The Rev. W. J. Knox- Little, of Manchester, has met with an accident which will prevent him from fulfilling his engagements, one of which was a mission to the Melbourne Diocese at the request of Dr. Moorhouse. If one is thankful to the revisers for nothing else, says the Australian Churchman, at least gratitude should be felt f for the removal of the ' beasts ' out of the Revelation and for the substitution of ' creatures' or 'living creatures.' The Rev. Charles Strong, of Scots Church, Collins street, Melbourne, has tendered his resignation of the pastorate, but the managers of the church are pressing him to withdraw it. The Rev. William Burgess, who arrived in Sydney in the Malwa on the 28th ultimo, is an Indian missionary of ex perience. He ib visiting Australia partly for his health and partly in the interests of a new mission in India, which he has been instructed to establish. The Rev. James Payten, M.A., chaplain of H.M.S. Tourmaline, preached in St. Thomas's Church, North Shore, last Sunday morning. The Rev. Mr. Payten was a friend and companion of the late Commodore Goodenough, at the last memorable scenes of whose life he was present. Cardinal Manning, while opening a new Roman Catholic church in Glasgow recently, expressed his pleasure in con templating the prospect of a union of the English and Scottish Churches with that of Rome. Rather a bold remark to make in one of the strongholds of Presby tcrianiEm ! The C2nd annual conference of the Primitive Methodist Conference was held in Hull in June. The Rev. C. Kendall was elected president. The statistics showed that there were 1149 ministers in the connection, being an increase of seven. The number of candidates for the ministry was 31. Two of these were of African descent, and the fruit of mission work in Africa. Last Sunday week the Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn, confirmed 360 candidates in the cathedral, Goulburn. His Lordship afterwards administered the total abstinence pledge to all the children, who had been con firmed. A splendid marble altar, purchased by Dr. Lanigan in Dublin at a cost of £200, has just been erected in the sanctuary of the cathedral. The Anglican Synod of Southern Queensland was opened in Brisbane on Tuesday. The Bishop, in his inaugural address, alluded to the importance of the reading of the Bible becoming a portion of the system of public education. Regarding the Revised Testament, he said that no clergyman was justified in using the new version at public worship till it had been duly authorized. The Church Times says that a venerable incumbent in the Diocese of Canterbury ,',having reason to complain of the smallneBB of the offertories, determined on on attempt to remedy the evil. One Sunday morning, a few weeks ago, on receiving the bags from the churchwardens, he emptied their contents into the basin, and, noticing there was the usual scarcity of the coin of the realm, exclaimed: 'Not enough, not enough ! Go round again.' The linguistic attainments and ethnological researches of the Rev. Lorimer Fison, M.A., one of the Wesleyan mis* sionarieB in Fiji, have been appropriately recognized by the Ethnological Institute of Paris. The recent publication of the book ' Kamilaroi and Kurnai,' under the joint author ship of Mr. Fison and Mr. Howitt, has led to this. The Central Council of the Institute at Paris have requested Mr. Fison to accept the appointment of corresponding mem ber of the society in Fiji. The Church of England Uncord states that accounts have been received from the Bishop of Sydney up to June 9. He was then progressing favourably in his general health and enjoying the cool and bracing weather of Westmoreland at Amhleside. After consulting eminent medical authority in London, he had determined not to go to the Continent, but to the cooler parts of England, Wales, and, perhaps, Scotland. He says in one of his letters: 'I read a good deal and enjoy it ; but, as directed, I avoid much mental or physical exertion.' An ingenious attempt was made by an American printer to get hold of the Revised New Testament before the day of publication. One Sunday in May the^chairman of the American company of revisers received a note bearing the name of the steamer Britannic, and signed ' Henry Frowde, 7, Paternoster-row,' wherein the writer begged for the loan for a few hours cf the chairman's copy of the new edition. Doctor Schaff (the chairman) was, however, too wary, and instead of sending the book he asked his correspondent to tea. Strange to say, the invitation was not accepted. Recently the Rev. Walter Duncan, M.A., a United Pres byterian clergyman at Leith, near Edinburgh, was accused of having preached 11 sermons from a volume entitled ' The House of God,' by the late Rev. George Morrison, M.A., of Brechin. The Presbytery suspended Mr. Duncan from his office for three months; but 300 members of the congrega tion are dissatisfied with this decision, and have resolved to sever their connection with the church so long as Mr. Dun can remains minister thereof. The seceders have been re commended to connect themselves meantime with the Wes leyan Methodists. A correspondent forwards to the London Christian World a letter which he has received from a friend in Australia who complains of the neglect with which he was treated by the Christian people of his neighbourhood during a time of illness. The writer says : — ' I have lived six months in one house and have never seen a minister, tract distributor or sick visitor inside my door, or, indeed, at my door. A Primitive Methodist local preacher lives opposite us '. though I was sick for twelve weeks, he never called to see if I were dead or alive.' Possibly the reserve whkJi marks English character at home survives in the colonies, and may, in part, account for the conduct complained of. The fear of intrusion, generally excessive, if not altogether needless, often causes among us, and probably does among our Australian children, an appearance of coldness and indif ference which do not exist. At the same time, the duty of visiting the sick is very plainly taught by Christ, and never can it be more incumbent than in cases such as the above. A public meeting was held on Tuesday, in the Congrega tional Church, Ocean- street, for the inauguration into the pastorate of the Rev. Palmer Law. Mr. R. G. Reading, J -P. , occupied the chair, and, after a short devotional service, introduced the business of the meeting, and in doing so ex pressed his satisfaction that the vacancy caused by the removal of their late pastor to another colony had been filled by the arrival of the Rev. Mr. Law. Mr. Burnett related the steps which had been taken to supply the church since the resignation of the Rev. W. Bradley, and for the selection of a successor. Their attention had been drawn to the JBev. Mr. Law by a paragraph in a South. Aus tralian newspaper, and a correspondence was carried on, which culminated in the acceptance by Mr. Law of the pastorate ; and now, in the name of the church, and on be half of the office-bearers, he (Mr. Burnett) cordially welcomed Mr. Law as their pastor. Mr. Law then rose, and at some length set out the line of action he intended to pursue, and asked for their sympathy, co-operation, and prayers. Mr. J. A. Fronde, writing in Good Word* for June, | bottle that when Newman wrote Tract XC, he could hardly have meditated secession from the Church of England. It would be ungenerous and unjust, if not indeed ridiculous, to suppose that a man who was about leaving the Church should seek to prove, with much laboured ingenuity, that it was quite possible to stay in it and yet niMnfa'^ Catholic doctrines. In treating of the continued effects of the Tractarian movement, Mr. Froude remarks that 'the seed has grown since, and is still growing, chiefly in families of the better classes, as they are called, among people who have money enough to live upon and nothing to_ do. Among them the effect has been very wide, and to appearances not salutary. . . . Great lords and ladies, weary of the emptiness of their lives, have gone to the Church of Rome for a new sensation Conversion has become fashionable,' The industrious and intelligent classes, he thinks, have been left untouched by the movement. But large numbers of intelligent men and women have ceased to care as to what the clergy think of do ,' and the honoured name of Protestant has passed to the Nonconformist. ' The clergy magnify their office, bnt the more they make of themselves the less is their intellectual influence. The great body of the English people, which is Protestant to the heart, will never allow their pretensions.' At a meeting of the Oxford district of the English Church Union under the presidency of Canon King, a letter was read from Dr. Pusey, in which he said that the law of England had been interpreted to allow of imprisonment for disobeying the biased judgments of a secular Court, over riding the judgment of the Court of the Church. Men could not in the end despise those whom they had im prisoned. The tyranny of violated law under which the Church and the truth had suffered above 30 years was at last strongly shaken, but the Judge, made law which denied that the Church of England taught the faith remained in violate. At least, the Court which so contradicted tha voice of the Church in matters of faith went on to contra dict a direction as to the worship. The repeated sentence of imprisonment cheet fully submitted to had awakened a suspieion about the fitness of the Court which inflicted it to) judjre in the things of God. The Court, which had again and again committed the error, was now undergoing its own trial through the appointment of the Commission to in quire into the Final Court of Appeal. Their business was now to claim that spiritual matters should be determined in spiritual courts, and probably they would not have been in the present trouble had they prayed earnestly that God would illumine the bishops. Since the beginning of the year the contractor for tha building of St. Mary's new cathedral has pushed on the work with much rapidity, and so great has been the progress made during that period that it is now considered certain that the edifice will be publicly opened for Divine service in January next. The whole of the masonry of the main building and the temporary roof are now finished, according to contract, and the concrete floor will be completed in a few days. A number of stained glass windows have been ordered from England, but as these will not arrive in the colony for some considerable time, the whole of the Cathedral windows are being temporarily glazed with yellow tinted glass. Satisfactory progress is being made with the sacristy, chapter house, and other out-buildings. Last evening immediately after tha usual service a meeting was held in the Pro Calhedral in aid of the building fund, and there were over 3009 persons present. Archbishop Yaughan presided, and deli vered an interesting address, in which he referred to the great efforts that were being made to rebuild St. Mary's, and to the generous manner in which his appeals for aid were responded to by Roman Catholics and others throughout Australia. The Archbishop read a number of letters from persons expressing sympathy with the movement, and enclosing subscriptions. Among others one from the Hon. W. Macleay, enclosing a cheque for £50, half of which was for the cathedral fund, and half for Catholia schools. The amount handed to the treasurers by the Archbishop was £804, which included several munificent donations, and the total sum received during the meeting was £909 8s. The annual meeting will take place in tk new cathedral on the 17th October next. North Shore was en fell on Saturday morning in honour, of the visit of the two Princes, who took a leading part ia the ceremony of laying the first stone in the new nave of St. Thomas' Church, Willoughby. The comparatively early hour — 11 o'clock— at which the event was to take place) prevented anything like a large gathering of Sydney visitors, but the principal residents of the picturesque suburb ?were apparently determined to mark the occasion by soma sort of demonstration, however unostentatious, and accord ngly all the available bunting was displayed from windows] and housetops; the local fire brigades turned out in tull uniform with their engine, and other arrangements wera made to give something like eclat to the proceedings. la front of St. Thomas' Church, and in the immediate vicinity of the site of the nave, a platform was erected, to which ad mission was gained by ticket, and a hand-rail excluded the general public from the spot where the ceremony was to take place. The day was beautifully fine — Queen's weather prevailing — and long before 11 o'clock between 2000 and 3000 people were present outside St. Thomas' Church. A good many youths, and one or twa of the 'oldest inhabitants' more venturesome ok ambitious* than the rest of the spectators, ascended adjacent gum trees, and from their exalted position obtained an admirable bird's-eye view of the pro ceedings. As the time drew near for the arrival of the distinguished visitors, a good deal of subdued excite ment wasobservableamong the large concourse of people, who, however, conducted themselves with the greatest decorum and good humour. Shortly after 11 o'clock their Royal Highnesses Prince Edward and Prince George reached Mil eon's Point Stairs, whence, accompanied by Lady Augustus 1 Loftus, Colonel Roberts, Lieutenant Nathan, A.D.C., and j the Rev. Mr. Dalton. they were conveyed to St. Thomas* j in his Excellency's carriage, which was followed by the North Shore Fire Brigade and a number of private vehicles. The Princes were received on arrival at the church by Dr. Thomas (Bishop of Goulbuin), the Dean of Sydnev, the incumbent of St. Thomas' (Rev. S. H. Childe), several j other members of the clergy, and the churchwardens, the j band of the New South Wales Permanent Force in the 1 meantime playing the National Anthem. The proceed- J ings were opened by the choir of St. Thomas' singing tha 1 hymn, ' O be joyful in the Lord, all ye lands,' and Dean I Cowper afterwards offered up a prayer appropriate to the j occasion. Prince Edward was then handed a silver trowel* I which bore the following inscription : — ' Presented to) I H.R.H. Prince Albert Victor Christian Edward of Wales, I on the occasion of his laying the foundation stone of tha 1 nave of St. Thomas', Willonghby, Sydney.' The Btona ' 1 was immediately lowered carefully into its bed of mortar, 1 Prince George tapped it with the ivory mallet, and Princa I Edward said, ' I declare this stone well and truly laid, in tha I name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' The choir I now sang the hymn ' He is the Head of the body, the I Church,' and their Royal Highnesses and Lady Augustus 1 Loftus were conducted by the Bishop of Goulburn, tha m Dean of Sydney, and the Rev. S. H. Childe into the church, I of which they made an inspection. A number of people I followed the parry into the sacred edifice, but there was no 1 unseemly crushing, and the Princes, though naturally I objects of deep interest, were not, as far as we could see, 1 subjected to any rude staring as they passed along the aisle. I On the return of the party the hymn ' Freely ye hava I received, freely give,' was rendered by the choir and ? Prince Edward, on behalf of the Church/received the plate I containing: the collection, amounting to between £80 and 1 £90, and laid it upon the stone. This concluded the cere- ? mony, and the Princes and Lady Augustus Loftus, wiftl I Colonel Roberts, Lieutenant Nathan, and the Rev. Mr. ? Dalton. departed, the band again playing die National . I Anthem, and the spectators giving three hearty cheers. The I trowel and mallet used by the Princes -were from the estab- ? lishment of Flavelle, Brothers, and Roberts, of George- street. ? The new nave of the church will be 120 feet long, with broad ? centre and side aisles, and will terminate in a large western I porch, giving a total length to the church, from the gnat I west door to the eastern wall of the sacrarium, of 160 feet. ? There will be side porches in the north and south, while tha M large west porch will have rideenteance^as wdl a« that fjtrin^ ? the main west door. The nave will seat 936 people. Tha ? tower and spire are to be placed on the Bouthsideof tha ? church, and will not be touched at present. The design ? contemplates an elevation of 160 feet. The architectural '? style is Early English, with Venetian combined. The total ? cost of the new portion of the church at present finished— ? that is, choir, transepts, and vestries— is from £6000 to ? £7000, and the nave will cost £4700. ? 