$0PPI-E'& CHBISTMAS J^Ofgpie-etood by the window-all, Jfcrfeands were clasped and Irer feet were' '91red.feet,fliat«n the long day FatJenBy walked in doty5* troy. O»e-on fee -other, her hands lay still, ' As^oppie stood by the window-sill; 4ttood«i)d-gazed, wbile.a great surprise Zteroed in the depths of her wide t-lue eyes. - And she finooklier curly golden head *TS11 the sunbeams danced t-n each Bbining 4hreafi, Ang-aeened to be playing hide and seek 9»tb~tbe roguish dimples on her cheek. JSqppte sraalooking off at the sky, JSnfl tier ,ey/es grew wider as she gazed1, HoriOTier.the wave-tops far away 31te43plenaid pageant of sunset blazeS; And -flfe waves aa they beat on the smooth jrhitcsand - ^Glittered like showers oi living gems. £fcaa5f ,thejrmrmaids, in wanton play, TRere ficattering jewels from their diadem?. -SiefjffKjff waros wore a crown of gold, . - --S9)*t sometimes blushed to a rosy*ed^ Jt«8^Hm gorgeous couch of 'the setting sun SFitfacdnsky clary was garlanded. 'IBpiPr'tSje bearltiful cvening'sky ' ™M»e soft clouds flushed to a faint warm jtedfnrtiier tip still they lay at rest, (Uke Hie downy flakes of the first pure . !esow« .BntPopp&looked; at the .setting son -Onita^plendortof glory before her rolled, jA»d she wondered what secret lay beyond 32-«se shining portals of crimson and gold. W9hronder,' she thought, 'if Santa Clans laves away in 'the heart of the setting sun, -Oraptnth that lovely cvening*tar \- SEhat its nightly journey has just begun, 'jAjmL what do '.tliey hide— those flaming sjrtesl 2-oes the Iioxd of the 'Land of Glory watt: Jffim the .vrpwn of light on His yoyal 'Bnbqee, ihe portals are folding up, Jk-8Sftdow steals o'er the face of the deep, atie.f^cry fcae passed away from the sky, \- And we waves arc sobbing themselves to Jfleep. ?k Was ita' glimpse of heaven! had, Asethe sun passed by on the other side, O, the .gates of glory are far away. Andine calling ocean is deep and rwide. 'SL «an bear .the sea in its deep unrest, Jkait&gxeat; heart heaves, and its white lips aawBB, £^ang*or sorrow orcrtiic dead ?defeat lie in its caverns so vast and lone. *rTDi-.(he dead come up in the midnight drear, And walk on the waves, when the sky is Is 4$he trail of their garments white dashing like light in the vessel's track? ?? Bnirnow the sky is -studded with stars, Stissngnt, the sweet night calm and still; JSbehas come. like an angel, of peace and love, jLml -inua laiti hpr mantle n'e:r vyli» ani^ ^ffii ? ?'jftnddeep comes down like a white-winged .?Hove . Anjl brashes her pinions o'er weary eyes, .Jlnd Hie tired ones lie in her arms to rest, iTHI the dawn is flushing the eastern sides.' Sight had settled -dark And still, There were whisperings on the hill ; Whisperings as of -spirit voices, Spirits trooping through -the gloom . As vie- breezes troop and whisper, When the .flowers begin to bloom. Soft white pinions seemed to -flutter, BiBions bathed in star-beams bright ; JkstA * nameless sort of tremor Stirred ±he silence of the night On it swept, and silence deepetfd, As the angel flight passed by, (Pnat swept, and watching planet? iaughed together in the sky. Irittte -stars flashed out, and gladly Earthward -shot a slender ray, . 'Where the -troop «(f ?white-'winged augels, sQMrardkeptilieir silent way. Kbmsotd, ifll-they-stood together, IJong ne&Yp; Uie dawn t-f day, ?Jbitjbe room, 'where all unconscions Ppppie wrapped in slumber lay. She lay in ner 'beauty , tlie cbild-of earth, . Witbjier white lids scaled, and her warm checkered, Jfes'tbe 'angels marshalled tiicir shining band 'jiaropnd'thc white-covered dainty bed. ,A9d jthc golden hair took a wondrous gleaui» Aeiit«hone in the glow of celestial light ; And the heavenly visitants paused and gazed With rapturous eyes at the lovely sight. . 23ten ,they waved tiieir pinions across her face, lAed.deeper^nd deeper her slumber grew, fBll the soul was ready to.lcave.the Old, ^pftyaps withits guides to.the untried Npw. Aa^4be-spirit-eyes gazed -out and around, With a mystic wonder, strange and deep, SfBrber «ool was ready to comprehend .She wprld of niyst'jy sacred to sleei)— ? *The5-eantiftil world that -we scarcely *ec, ' tAs weiawad the dusty high way of life ; y$&tmoA;&, whose existencewe almoflt foi-gct , in our sordid troubles and angry strife. And all the while as they waved their wings The sweet voiced chorus of angels sang ; ' Awl'the listening air, in a rapture of joy, fKlb tbe^Uvermudc of heaven rang. Fxbsi AiiGUt^ ?Dsaghter of -mortality, -5%ou-art passing .fair to sec ; Hanghter of a world of-sin, Would thy freed soul enter in Where &e; 'Sinless and the pm-e . Best from, every pain secure ? Wpnldtft. tbqu pass the pearly gates Wliere .the high archangel waits? !KonkVst tiiou walk the streets of gold— W3ew3i£aven!s glories manifold? See ihe eternal Great 'White Throne, jXStedfy £tod«he AU-.Goi)dalQne2 Secpkd Angei.. 'WtmTd'stthou sec in realms of gloiy, - ' fiodihe Holy Spirits face, 'Whence he pours his healing influence Sin WflT W*t- ttenighted race J ' . IBienoe ie draws by -eords of wercy AB earth's wandering.ones to him ; IVarans the heart and fires the spirit, ^Wbenthc eyes are growing -&'? ItaRD Anceu Or-^wraWst thpu »ce, O child of earth and. 'SOtT^Wj HSm,-wnoihy«arUiin.gricf and somwtrod, '51^4jand)-of 'Cjod, slain for thine -own «alvar °tion, ^Fhe'Van jaff grief, the Incarnated God I jqjjfg, «hn was boi-p to lift the world froni Sim mo unoeeded i» a manger lay— tQffud.^ ft»ve st £w& J*id helpless op. ^m s Altar, ? a^ieiBwdtiflf ^»e first sla4- Ohristmas Day ? -Wbeniie-was born an «ngcl host nnnumbered SBore to the -earth bus message of sweet peace ; . 9he Messing of that message knows po ending, .. Spr )B«d'*gOodwm tjp iuon will never -cease. 3K 'fhtn flrould'st see him, spread thy spirit ]«4Qns, 49i-e/D'tiiy. soul-eyes on the onseen world-; &&, -«e 'jrilj guide -thee through ypnatawy iMKbee, --?? Coveting tJtc blofr arfth like a flag unfurled. ItwOpB&MtBthepmrty; portals, . - f oMmld-tDead'tlie stwets^f gold ; Jw«dd«wtiie^eedd4tenMl Wbosefeattdatioasstoodof -old. ? - ? ? jb»6|^feMe^jg-Q4iiS-kyB-thtr . ., '-, J.iwiflaiwwineinHMjgWMWfti * , :J ?; i I would worship my Bedecmer, ' \--T)-^iofp«^-aniriiBiab(ffXHaf ; Jartfa'fl jotajh jfttftain aomowirod. ; «od the I«i^,eon,«nd Spirit '? My veiled aonl- eyes long to see, I would lave me in their essence, HTj^-iio«» Triune' Deity. Cbgegb 09 Angels. «' We will bear tbee away ononr waving Tings Through the etarry regions of heaven's blue deep; Tv*e win bear thec away through Immensity, ?Wherethewhirlingplanetstheirvigilflkeep. . Thou shalt pass through the sunset gates of gold, 'Where the shore is washed by the -whisper- ing sea, And the doors of flic secret things of life ? Shall all be unlocked that thine eyes may see. . The pearly portals shall open wide That thy spirit footsteps may enter in ; Thou shalt see the glory of heaven outspread And be glad in the world that hae known no sin. Thou shaitsiand by the River of endless Life, Where it's waves are flowing o'er golden sand; Thou shalt j-est in the shadow of life's green Tree 3h the city of God tSiy feet-shall stand. Thou shalt kneel at the awful great White Throne, The face of thcFatber thineeye3 shall see ; 33d the Son asd the Spirit thine homage be The Messed, mysterious One in Three. But first, thou jnuBt .traverse the wastes if . earth, And thine eyes musi gaze on its woe and grief, Till they swell with the tears of sympathy That bring to tiw burdened heart ielief. 3-own to the depths of Hie darkest night, That is fathoms deep in & black abysa, Thy soul must pierce jn its onward flight .E'er thou cajrst enter the realms of nliss. Thou must see earth's .sufferings, its bitter pain; 'Steeped in its anguish thy soul must be ; Without -such knowledge no floul can come To the sinless land-of *be pure and free.' Deeper, deeper grew the -slumbers Of the maaden-as she lay, While the pure soul slowly: struggled From its citadel of clay, White and pnre- asralabaster, lay the spirit9 s Jpv/ely shrine, Stamped with perfect human beauty, Lovliness well nigh divine. And the spirit, gazing downward, With its soul-eyes filled with light, Spoke in accents softund tender, Breathed like mnncon the night. *' Farewell to thee, -my lovely shiine, Igo to seek thy God and mine. We are one in jnyetic union, Holding strange and deep communion, Tho nmy home whileJiere below, For our God hath will'd it so, Farewell for a little while ; Xlien thy lips again-shaU smOe. Farewell till night's shadows flee, Then I will return to jthee.' They have plumed their wings for their mid night flight, And the stars arc flashing their .diamond light; They are floating above tire mountain's brow, And the -solemn rivers roll far below. They ere sweeping over the .ocean's breast, ' Down in it's caverns the dead are at rest. Down in the depths 'nestb the shiftinR tides, Where the peace of «feernal calm abides. Up in the Heavens the stars of night, . Speeding along in their -onward flight Are singing the aonjrpf Emanuel's .birth. And the love of the jTather^God for earth. Down in the ocean old and1 hoary The waves are telling the same glad story. A mighty anthem cf praise tiiey sing To the lowly Son of the Shepherd Sing. All nature is filled with a .great delight Jn Him who was born to the world this night. And still, through the air the convoy go With their crowns jof 3Src and their wings of snow. They sweep like a meteor through earth. and sky, And their white robes flash on the onward way, Andthe waiting andwatching sometimes tftink That they herald the coming of Christmas Day. They have seen earth's sorrow, and viewed its joy; They have witnessed its madness, beheld, its mirth ; They have gazed -jn the poisonous spots ,o£ plague Thai, burn ia the heart of the sin-CUrscd earth. They have witnessed .the sins of the country wide, They have mourned at the sins of Uieicity Gtrects, Where the giant heart of humanity With throbs of unspeakable anguish beats. And the spirit-eyes had .gazed in pain, On the rolling river and^smiling plain ; For -the joy of earth's children was -very small And grief was tfceir portion , tme and all. Asd up from the earth to tbe.God of heaven, From hearts that by pain were rent andriven, TTp to the passionate arching skies, From the whole wide world, pcaled-tbe same sad cry — ' O, woe and sorrow, O, grief and gloom, O, anguish of days that are to come i' And the angel convoy turned away, Long ere the dawn of the Christmas Day. They have passed 'through thesunsetfs golden ga^t Where the delicate rainbow colors wait, ?ilvi Closing. their beautiful gold-fringed eyas Till ihc mist and the sunjiave met in the skies, Bidding tliepi fling their radiant arch., Across the line of the day-god's march. ? They have entered the pearly portals wide, And gazed on the fii-vericf £df e'^jn^bn -tide. They have walked the'Citiy's golden streets; They have breathed die breath si immortal sweets, They have kneeled at the foot of tie Great White Throne, Where Hie Lord Almighty reigns alone ', Aloue in. His peerless majesty, Huler and Monarch of earth and sky. They have kneeled while the .countless angel hort Praised Father and Son and Ho1y-Ghost. While the Seraphim veiled .their iaves with wings In the presence of God, the King of Kings, And earth's numberless martyred andblood bought throng 3?oured foitb tbeir grateful triumphant *-ng. Song op the Ssdefmed. 'To the Lord of life and glory To the man of grief and 'love, We would offcradoration High uU.othcr prabe above. To the babe of Bethlehem's manger, Earth's despised rejected King, Who liath lov d u.% who hath bought \\\&d; Loudly our glad anthems ring. His be glory and dominion, Over'earfh and over sea ; Unto Him who has ascended) May all power and -glory be V The shadows of the night had fled away, Thc-stars lay dying in the coming -day ; .The air .was soft and cool as Eden's breath, JSx- faintest zephyr .breathed .«f sin or. death j A iweet celestial «alw and purity. Fell like a benediction from the sky. The birds .rose up to sing their morning i hymn, While yet the light of day was faint and dim ; On the high, hill tops f»i-, and .faraway Was born in splendor a new ?Christnms Pay. .One tiny slender ray of sunlight keen, -7rept stealthily tlie close-drawn blinds be tween, And torched tlie white lids witiiaioiving.'kiss, Scattering Poj-pie's dieams of heavenly Wi#s, Becalliag her o»ce .more to «eartbly.li|e With all At cares, its anguish, toifand strife ; With all its bliss and pain, its joy and care — The common lot which mortals have to bear ; And she awoke tp find the world awake, And filled with gladness for the -4i-iatmas take. A(JNES NEAtE. AdcIaWe,1881. 