English Extracts. Ox Seooxd Thoughts.— The railway ser vants, shopmen, artisans, and others who are agitating for «ftorter'ftourj»,. do not say by how mauv minutes out of the 60 thev wouln like them reduced. It would be well, then, fcr them to state their wish more minute-ly, for any tampering with the standard hour is a most ** moment ous' matter. Let them give us then their ' second' before we go further. A Shropshire Mystery.— Great excite ment has been caused in Church Stretton by the supposed appearance of the ghost of Sarah Duckett, who mysteriously disap peared some five and a half years ago. It seems that seven years ago Sarah Duckett left Snodley, a small village near Church Stretton, 10 go to Australia. She remained away a little over eighteen months, and it is sotted that on her return she landed at Liverpool ; that her boxes came to Church Stretton Station ; that she was seen to be walking along- a road in the neighbourhood of her former home ; That she then mys- ' teriously disappeared, and that no trace of her has since been found. It is rumoured that she was robbed and murdered, and her body thrown down the 'Copper-hole,' a deep shaft near tha place where she was last seen alive. A man named Roberts declares that a few days ago he saw the ghost of the missing woman disappear down the shaft, and since then & number of men have been engaged in clearing out the bottom of the in the .expectation of finding the remains of the body. Their exertions, however, have not as yet been successful Proof Positive. — Conacientious Guard : I'm afraid, Sir, the young lady can't be permitted to travel on a half ticket ; she's much over twelve years of age ! — Irate Papa : Do you mean to inform me, Sir, that my daughter and I are endeavouring to swindle the railway company ? Let me tell yon, Sir, that we've never been so grossly insulted on this line before, although we've both travelled on it for over fifteen years ! The Pernicious IT* bit. — Opium smok ing is said to be greatly on the increase in New York, and as there is usually much in common between the vices of this country and America, it may be expected that the custom of opium smoking will spread with us. A writer in an American magazine, a physician by profession, draws attention to the vice, and states that daring one week, to his own knowledge, no fewer than thirteen people adopted the habit of smoking twice daily. Men and women smoke aKke, and -of -the thirteen four were actresses. The effects are a general weakning, not only of the constitution bnt of the mind, for it is said %hat the drowsy state superinduced by the opium becomes more or less permanent with the persistent smoker. Some safeguard against an 'extension of opium-smoking is found in the fact that the drag is very ex pensive. The best opium cost as much as from thirty to thirty-five shillings for a small can containing about four onnces, and the best pipes are sometimes valued at more than five pounds. The opium pipe, we are informed, is supposed to have been invented in Arabia, and consists of a stem and bowl, the best style being twenty-four inches in length and four in circumference. ' Constant use endows the pipe with a very rich color, and it increases in. value with age, which gives it the odour and strong taste esteemed by habitual smokers. A Chinaman in New Yord is reported to be the possessor of a pipe a centuary old. The pipes are constructed sometimes of bamboo and sometimes of layers or rings of -cemented Ienaonped, the latter, it is said, giving to the opium a per cnliar flovour, which is agreeable to many smokers. To what extent opium smoking has spread in this country there is no means of knowing _; but besides the' expense there is another aid to abstinence which is of high value in the cause of morality, if it be im moral to smoke opium. When Dickbks wrote ?' Edwin-Brood' and described .the den where his villain went to smoke, many persons made practical examination into the subject, and found that opium made them so exceedingly rack that they were altogether disinclined ever to repeat the experiment. 