At Horsham over 30 guineas have been collected by the acting head master for the State School prizes. Instructions have been given by the Minister of Rlailwsys that on and after 1st December all carriages on the Victorian lines shall be run with un. locked doors. A great storm was raging over the greater part of England throughout Mlonday. Many houses were much damaged by the extreme violence of the gale, and along the coast shipping disasters. were numerous. The engine taking the mail train to Sydney on Monday broke down just after leaving Albury. The train was a heavy one, and was brought back to the terminus with difficulty. Another engine started with the train after a delay of-40 minutes. Mr. Bent agreed on Tuesday to allow MIr. Wood's apparatus for stop ping trains to be applied to the Brighton nine a.m. train. It will only be tried for one week merely as an experiment. A son of Mr Henry Reitze, butcher, Smithesdale, was attacked by a big sow which seriously injured him. The lad was at the slaughtPr,' "when the ow knociked him down, cout him severly on the arms, body, thighs, and leg, and tore his clothes to ribbons. The boy had the presence of mind to keep his face downward, and succeed ed in pulling his hat over his ears. His elder sister ran screeching to the animal, which turned on her and ran after her for'some distatnce, but re turned to the boy, who, however, was saved from further- injury., by the arrival of assistance. A cruel practical joke is reported to have been 'played upot? a youth who recently visited some country relations in Wagga Wagga. He was taken out oppossum-shootiog by some of his young friends, who had previously ar ranged that one of their number should personate a ghost by covering himself with a sheet. Suddenly the alarm was given, and the conspirators de camped in feigned alarm, but soon re covering their courage, they persuaded their young guest to fire at the ghost, having previously taken the precaution to see that his gun was only loaded with powd. r. The ghost dscending from the tree, approached the party, and so terried the lid that he became insensible, and was fully six weeks before he regained his customary health. 