' THE CORSICAN BROTHERS.' The grip ever British audiences which the above mekdrama l-as acquired and maintained for nearly thirty jeara would seem, if super ficially treated, a puzzling anomaly. Here is a play in parti tediously prolix— in part irri tatingly bare — constructed mostly of stage tableaux, founded on incidents which, though psychologically possible, lie beyond the ex perience of ordinary nature, and depending for its rat sin d'etre on the depicturing of occur rences which could happen nowhere outside Corsica and France. In this latter half of the scientifically enlightened nineteenth century the early faiths are getting discredited, and, aLove all, ghosts are supposed to have received their quietus. Supernaturalism is a vulgar remnant of antecedent barbarism, some teachers tell us. Yet it is precisely the presence of a gbost — the presence of the supernatural ia 'The Corsican Brothers,' that gives it a stronger vitality, and, possibly, a longer dramatic tenure than many plays poestBsing more decidedly human interests, finer handling, grander stories, and altogether worthier of obtaining and preserving an honoured existence on the stage. Despite our expressed disbeliefs, our apparent carelessness with regard to such matters, even despite here and there one of as labelling himself ' atheist,' *e all inherit an innate recognition of the un seen, and (eel that we may be operated upon by influences apart from the known circumstances of daily life. The ' Oorsisan Brothers* is an histrionic exemplification of the theory of brain waves— tbe theory thst certain natures may set sympathetically each on each, whatever inter vening distances may be. Did not one of our poets write — ' SUr to star vibrates light, Wbv should not tool to soul Suike through a liner element of its own ? ' The theme is most interesting, but cannot be pursued further in this notice. It is eucugh if our readers have gathered from these remarks ia what the abiding strength of 'The Conican Brothers' consist*. We may point out, however, that many eminent acton, particularly those conspicuous in melo drama rather than as tragedians, have recog nised this solid quality in a most poetical way. From Fechter'a original representation of the Dei Franchi Obsrles Sean modelled his persona tions, acknowledged at all hands to be vast improvements 00 tbe creations of the versatile Anglo- Teutonic Frenchman, more particularly as it-gar da the later and intenaer scenes. Last Septtmber Henry Irving revived 'The Corsican Brothers' in his own thorough mode, at an exp euie of £S 000, his tableau-curtain alone con taining a thousand yards of crimson silk velvet, and the number of persons engaged in setting and mounting scenery, Sc, every night, exclusive of the Lyceum dramatic and business staff, being 135 IrviDg's conception of the brothers is distinguished by its great pathos, bonhomie, and (during the duel) calm implaca bility. Id our colony, where grand re vivals and productions are not regu larly possible, and where, moreover, no artist- mind rules tbe dramatic world, ic will be long ere we find ''The Corsican Brothers' staged for more than one or two nights at a time. When any play is put up for a single representation it may be well, though depre cating this system of management, to deal generously vith consequent defects. All things considered, the numerous audience on Saturday night got fair value for their money. If the performance was not absolutely excellent, it was yet nowhere absolutely contemptible. Mr. leake acted without exaggeration, and merits general praise for a most intelligent at tempt to place the Dei Franchi before as. He did not sufficiently mirk the distinction between Louis dei Franchi, a courtly man of the world, and Fabien dei Franchi, a generous- hearted, impressionable, unpolished countryman. Mr. Leake, like Charles Eean, was best in the later scenes. Emily de L'Bspure is after all a mere sketch depending for any filling out into relative importance on the personator. We cannot say that Miss Myra Kemble Kerned able to accomplish more thin the sketch. Messrs. Douglas and Sterling Wbjte were equal for tbe traditionary fun which comes from the Orlando and Collona, and throughout remaining small parts were fairly roll sustained by others in the cast who need not be specifically noted. The Chateau-Renaud of Mr. Vincent, realistically made op, u it usual with him, had this fatal defect— that when Fasten appean a physical cowardice is exhi bited, and continues revealed throughout tbe duel. Ghateau-Benaud's was. merely a mental {617,8111 would, we submit, find no external manifestation. Latterly Mr. Vincent has con tracted a habit of lowering his voice at the ends of sentences to such an extent that mtny words are unheard. We feel certain that he is not too clever to take the friendly hint, and will at once remedy the lapse here mentioned. This evening a play by Bartley Campbell, entitled ' The Galley Slave,' is to be presented. 