GALS IN HOBSON'S BAY. For some v -f-ks past the prevailing winds have been from the northward, at times blowing hard ; but on Tuesday nigh the climax was reached. A gale blew with great force from north and N.N.W. in sudden squalls, which were accompanied by heavy rains. About 3 o'clock the wind changed to N.W. and blew a, terrific squall, changing again between 5 and 6 o'clock to the S.W., when there was another gust of almost hurricane force. The fastenings of the ships at the pieis on the Sandridge side of the Bay I were nr^ro put mil to tn a n severe BAVorA test, tp.Rt and nnd some KOTT1P. of nf the vessels suftrsd considerable damage. The German barque Sophie, lying at tbe Sandridge Railway Pier, though riding comparatively easy, was collided with the ship Mizzapore, lying just ahead. Tbe hitler having parted her fastenings at the pier, dropped on the smaller vessel, carrying away the martingale stays, bobstays, and completely lifting the bowsprit from the gammoning out ef its place. Fortunately the forestays are set up from the knight-heads, Knignwieaas, oinei otherwise the me foremast loremaHnnuoi mast have gone. The damage to the Mirzapore was COmparately trifling; the main rail and bulwarks on the starboard quarter were damaged, but she sustained no other injury. Two men of the s.s. Glamis Castle had a very narrow escape. This vessel, which was to have left the Bay on Tuesday evening, was at the last moment found not to have sufficient ballast, and during the night she was engaged taking in about 100 tons more Through the sea moving the ship, the staging on which two of the men were employed emptying the baskets into the hold as they were hoisted up from the trucks, shifted, and the two men fell into the water between the pier and the vessel. They were rescued with some difficulty. At the Town Pier, the ship Banian got severely chafed, and the starbord forward channels torn off ; and tlie Titan had several sheets of copper robbed off. As regards the ships in the Bay, the principal sufferer was the ship Bulwark, discharging timber; she was anchored in the bight of the Bay, Better known as Fisherman's Bend, and, as with ill ships unloading such a cargo, had a large porthole , in the bows. It • app ears that when the gale shifted from J t] ie nor thward to to the south-west at 1 ' twenty • minutes - — past 5 ^ o'clock yesterday J — morning, the vessel swung round quickly, and being tightly moored heeled over slightly. The sea, which came up rapidly with the wind, and was very high, found ingress into the hold through the porthole, and before the crew had time to loose the chain the wind caught the vessel on the • side and careened her over so much that s|, u quietly filled. She fell over on her J j^,,, en(j 6 an( j tij en gradually listed until at nine o'clock the lower yardarms were touching the water, and at 11 all the yardarms on the starboard side were submerged. So rapidly did the capsize'take place that the captain's cabin was filled before he could save anything but what he stood upright in, and it was the same with the officers and crew, who lost their clothes aud belongings. The second officer was sent ashore in one of the boats for assistance, and came off again with one or two waterman's boats, and by this means the crew got ashore. Between the time of the second officer going ashore and the watermen getting off Mr. Bruford, the tide survej-or of H.M. Customs, with his boat's crew, went alongside and took two off the men off. The captain and crew elected to remain longer to see if the weather cleared, but as this did not occur they cauie ashore at nine o'clock, leaving only the chief officer and carpenter on board. The captain came to town to consult with his agents, Messrs. Phipps, Turnbull, &. Co. At about palf-past 10 o'clock two watermen, Roberts and Monk, were sent off to the ship to bring the chief officer and carpenter ashore, as it was useless their remaining any longer by her. The Bulwark was from Pugct Sound, with a cargo of timber, some of which has been discharged, but the bulk, consisting of all the lower hold portion, is still on hoard. Amongst the cargo was a large quantity of pickets, and a vast number of these were washed off her decks and out of the 'tween decks, several hundreds finding their way ashore at Sandridge. The vessel is a St. John's built ship, of 1,382 tons, and although not a new one, was kept in remarkably good order and well uared for.—Age of June nine, Some insane or mischievous Individual haw, during the past fortnight, been doing his best to frighten the residents of Elizabeth-6trect notth, Mount Gambiet, by impersonating a ghost. The South-eastern Star states that <aiveloj»ed in a sheet the individual referred to visits the back yards of dwellings, and attracts attention, then bolts off to pursue the same tactics elsewhere. It was currently rumored on Thursday last that Mrs. Caldwell had been so frightenen by tlie ghostly visitant as to cause serious illness, and that Mrs. Boltc was also seriously indisposed from a like cause. The rumor is, however, without the slightest foundation, both ladies being well, and neither having been frightened, The police have been on the lookout for I the practical joker, and should he come into their hands may expect to meet his deserts. h. 