THE VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB. SPRING MEETING. SECOND DAY.-Saturday, Oct. 15. The weather for the second day of the V.A.T.C. Spring Meeting waa everything that could be wished. The drive out to the Caulfield course, which is the finest in the suburbs of Melbourne, was evidently in great favour, for the road was thronged with vehicles. The trains from the Prince's-bridge statlon were crowded, and there could not have been many short of 7,000 persons on the course during the after- noon. After the late rain everything looked beautifully bright and fresh, and the visitors never seemed tired of extolling the excellence of the arrangements on the course, and the admirable view from the stand. The lawn was graced by the presence of a large number of ladies, while the saddling paddock was thronged with racing men, and there was a very large attendance on the inside of the course. His Excellency the Governor at- tended the meeting, and remained on the course for the greater part of the afternoon. The greatest drawback to the meeting was the late hour at which the return trains com- menced to run. By the time the next meeting on this course takes place it is expected that the double line of rails will be laid, when the trip will be much more comfortably performed by those who patronise the railway than was the case on Saturday. There is one oversight in the arrangements which the secretary should remedy before another race meeting is held on this course, and that is to provide a suitable room for the accommodation of anyone meeting with an accident. A little boy had his arm broken on Saturday by being knocked down by the clerk of the course riding through the crowd on the running ground at the finish of a race. He was brought to the committee room, but though it was long after luncheon time, and there were only a few persons in the room, he was refused admission. The little fellow, who waa almost fainting from pain and fright, was received minthe crowded reporters' room till a doctor was found to attend to him. The racing commenced with the Second Handicap Hurdle Race, for which nine horses started. Van Tromp was made a strong favourite in the betting. Black Prince led for a short distance, and then gave way to Marie, who soon obtained a strong lead. Pathfinder fell on the hill after rounding the turn past the stand, and injured his spine so badly that it was deemed advisable to destroy him. Marie held her position till nearing the turn for home when she showed temper and bolted out, thereby losing all chance. Van Tromp, who had been running second for some time, then came on in front and won easily. Fourteen youngsters started for the Nursery Handicap. Nadgee was one of the first away, and soon bad a decided lead, which she held till reaching the turn for home where she lost some ground through slipping. She led up tbe straight, Tangle pressing her closely and gaining on her as they came on. Passing the distance post it seemed as if Tangle would win, but the little darkey called on Nadgee, who answered most pluckily and gained the victory by nearly three quarters of a length. The victory of the little Australian native was greeted with most enthusiastic cheers, though she was not even mentioned in the betting. Her owner, who races under the name of Mr. H. Burrell, runs his horses for the love of the sport alone and never bets one penny. The condition of the winner reflected the greatest credit on the trainer. Saionara would have been handy at the finish, but he had a difficulty in getting clear of the ruck. The next race was the Caulfield Cup, the most interesting event that has been decided : during the present season. The 17 acceptors all mustered at the post, where Woodlands created a great deal of confusion by lashing out viciously in all directions. By dint of watching his chance Mr. Watson got them away most cleverly to an excellent start. When fairly on their legs Pirate was in front, Suwarrow, Mercury, Woodlands, Canary, and Santa Claua were well forward Aa they rounded the turu past the Btand Gonzago went up to third place, and when opposite the stand he was m the lead, with Santa Claua for an immediate attendant The pair raced in this order over the far hill and along by the Bod wall, when Pirate came up and again assumed the lead, and Master Avenel began to draw near the leading horses Pir ite held his position into the Btraight Master Avenel being close up, Woodlands and Respite were drawing np with Gipsy Cooper and Sardonyx following them The atrnggle up tho atraight waa the finest ever seen in Victoria, Pirate held his advantage as they came on. Master Avenel was level with him this side of the distance Woodlands who carne up fast was barely a neck behind Respite and Gipsy Cooper were very close Wood lands, Master Avenel, and Pirate passed the post bo close to each other that it waa impossible for the spectators to say which was in the lead Respite and Gipsy Cooper were barely a length behind them The magnificent finish for this race excited the wildest enthusiasm, and the judge a decision waa moat anxiously awaited Many people fancied that Woodlands had won, and they were greatly disappointed when they found that he waa not even placed As so much wagering depends on places now a days, it would be well if the judge had an aBBiBtant to place the third horse when the firBt two are so close as to engage all the judge's attention In the paddock there were many who positively aa serted that Woodlands passed the post a head m front of the others, but invariably the person making the statement had backed the horse, and " the wish was father to the thought ' After the Cup came the race for the Findon Harriers Gold Cup for which twenty one horsemen mustered at the starting post. Eight of the riders wore the green coats of the Findon Club, the others wore scarlet. As the distance was only two miles, the pace was much faster than hunters are in the habit of travelling, and the consequence was that, after going some distance the pace began to tell, and a great many of the horses came down. Fortunately, none of the riders were seriously injured, though some of them got nasty falls. For the last three quarters of a mile the race was left to Syphon, Fickle, and Nimbook. The last mentioned did not last home, and Syphon and Fickle ran a dead heat. In the run off, after the last race on the card Fickle bucked his rider off, and Syphon won the handsome gold cup. Though it could not be considered a race m the ordinary acceptance of the word, still the event was a most in teresting one, and gave much pleasure to the spectators In the Open SteeDleobase, which followed, 10 horseB mustered at the start PostmaBter came to grief at the first fence and Boon after Spectrum pnt himself out of the race by baulking Actress made the running for the first round, when she baulked, and though quickly got over she lost a great deal of ground Firat Love then took up the running, and held her position all the way Right Bower ran her to the sod wall where he gave way to Chrysalis, who finished well, but had to be content with Becond place Twilight and Gazelle fell early in the second round The programme ended with the Windsor Handicap, forwhicb 21 horses Btarted Napper Tandy waa the first to single out after the start and he held his position all the way Pirate, who had been pressing him closely from the start, gamea second place The following are the particulars of the racing - BECONB HANDICAP HURDLE RAO& A Bfte pstakes of 8sovs each, with 75 soys added Ono mile and a half Mr M Novlona b g Van Tromp, 6 yrs, Ost 71b (Batty) 1 Mr H HojBtoda b g Zanga, 4 yrs, Ost 01b (J Wall) "2 Mr R Johnston s b g Sportsman, 4 yrs, Ost 71b (Corrigan) itWE Yo rower's bl g Black Prince, fl yrs, lost (King) 0 Mr T Coffey s eh g Eros 6 yre Dat. 121b (Ryan) 0 Mr T Naghton s li g Pathfinder, 6 yrs, Ost 81b (F Hill) . 0 Mr N WcbbsbmOara-MIa, 4yrs, 9st Mb (Koat lort 0 Mr J Griffin s ch m Mario, 6 yrs, Oat 41b (J K11 dud) 0 Mr M Morans b b Hieroglyph agod, Oat (Grace) 0 Benins;-2 to 1 atrst Van Tromp, 4 to 1 agst Sports man 6 to 1 each agit PathQndor and -inga The horses wero soon sent on their journov, Black Frlnco appearing to havo a slight advantage Van Tromp Marie Zanga and Cara Mia wt.ro next nioro glyph led over the first liurdlo, Black Frlnco Zinira ana Mario being very bandy Sportsman waa follow lug niter a gap with Pathfinder an 1 Cara Mia noxt Posting tho stand Black Prlnco was again In the lea I thcncamoMarie VanTromp Sportsman and Cira Mia Eros wuk last Rounding tho turn past tho stand Marlo Bhot lo ti o front Van Tromp Black Prince Path finder, S| ortsman Eros and Cara Mia wcro noxt In that order At tho noxt hurdle Pathn i lor full an 1 li jurcd 1 Is splno Marlo Incroasod her load as sho went along oj poBito tho stand Van Tromp "-inga Sportsman Black Prlnco and Hieroglyph woro noxt and eloso together, Cara Mia was dropping behind As ti e} went on Marlo got fully seven lengths in fr >nt Van Tromp was giving chase Black Prince Sports mau ai d Zanga wero next In a cluster Ooiog over tho far hill Mario still held nor loa 1, Van Tromp waa drawing nearer tho leader and about four longths in front of Black Prlnco and Sportsman Zanga and Hierogljph wcro noxt At tho sod wall Mario waa ft ur let gths in front of Van Tromp Sport-man was about bIx Ici gths off Zanga Black Prlnoo and nier tJyj h wore next in that order Rounding tho turn for homo Marlo ran out to tho fenco and Van Tromp came on in tho lead ¿anga was noxt about iUo lengths awav with Sportsman and Black Princo cío o up Vau Tiomp won wully by nearly soyon lengths, Zanca was next, flv« loniíths In front of Sportsman Black Prince wa» fourth, and Hieroglyph filth Time, 8m NURSERY HANDICAP A sweepstakes of 3 Sovso, each, with 100 sors, addod. Fire furlongs Mr II Burrell a br f Nadgee, by Bethnal Oreen -Mambourlno 7et, 51b (Ricketson) 1 Mr W Pearson s b f Tangle, by Hawthornden Sunshine Sst 71b (King) _ 2 Hon J P Bolls b o Sir Oliver, hy Epigram OUtd, Bat 71b (Williamson) 3 Mr W Longs g c Saiouara, by Maribyrnong -Sappho get, (T Hales) 0 Mr D S Wallace s h o Sir Charles, by Kelpie Ida 7et. 121b (0 Orion) 0 Mr J O Reids bo Norfolk by Stockham-Floet wlog, 7at. 101b (S Cracknell) 0 Mr H O Glassford s ch c Alundor by King of the Ring-Lady Manners Sutton, 7at. 81b (d Davis) 0 Mr J Mitchells bl c Boroo, by Glorious-Wild briar, 7st 81b (T Asplnall) 0 Messrs Robertson and Wagner's b or br o Syndl cato,7st 71h (U Williamson) -. 0 Bon J P Bell s g f Advent (lato Adamantoa) by Laureate-Adventuress 7st iib (W Walker) 0 Mr J M Orado abo Ard High (lato Instanta) by Hawthornden-Modesty 7st 41b (Kilpatrick) 0 Mr J Paterson s ch c Roodorer by Proto-Martyr -Champagne 7st 41b (Hughes) - 0 Mr J Simson s bl c Sinking Fund, by Tim Wl Idler-Jessie 7st (Nicholson) _ 0 Mr H Connelly ns ch c lyddington by Proto Martyr- Caranjah Cat 121b (W Gardener) . 0 Betting -0 to 4 Sir Oliver, 4 to 1 Tangle, 6 and 8 to 1 others After a good deal of trouble the youngsters wero sent an ay to a fair start. Nadgee waa the first to show in the lead aftor theygot fairly on their legs. Sir Oliver, Tangle and Rocderor wero showing in tho front of tbo others Nadgoo beld hor place to tho turo, Blr Charles Sir Oliver, and Boedorer wore next. Saiouara was in the middle of the main body Enter lng the Btralght, Nadgoo slipped, and Tangle got up with her alionara Koodcrer, and Allandor were closo up Nadgee came up the straight In tho load Tangió prosslng her closely At tho distance It looked 93 li Tangió would win, but tho Australian black called on Nadgee who answered most gamely, and beat langlo by nearly three quarters of a length, Sir Oliver was third, and Saiouara fourth Time lm 6.8 THE CAULFIELD CUP, A handicap Bwcepstakca of 10 sovs each with 800 aova added. The winner of the AJO Derby to carry weight for age If handicapped below that weight and the wlnnor of any handicap raco of tbo value of 100 BOVB after the declaration of tho weights to carry 81b extra, of any such raco of tbo value of 200 sovs., 61b extra , of any such raco of the value of 600 aove 71b extra, penalties not accumulative The second horse to reccivo 100 sovs., and tho third horao SO sovs out of tho stake One mile and a quarter and a distance Mr T Ivory s br b Master Avonel, 6 yrs, by Julian Avonel, 7st, 121b (Pigott) 1 Mr J Harrier's br h Pirate (loto Richmond), 6 yrs, 8st 81b (Williams) 2 Hr R Howies g h Suwarrow, 6 yra, Bat. 101b (Mosul!) 0 Jlr U Jacob 8 br c Canary, 4 yra, 8m, 81b (W11 llamBon) 0 Mr T Jonesa br h Woodlands, aged, 8st 71b (King) 0 Mr A. Davies abo Rcsplto, 4 yra, 8st (Yeomans) 0 Mr D S Wallaces be Sir Joseph, 4yre, 7at. 101b (O'Brien) _ 0 Mr J Leeka g h Mercury, 6 yrs, 7flt. 81b (Sol llvan) 0 Mr W Forrester's bl h Gipsy Cooper, Byra, 7st. 01b (Gainsford) - . 0 Mr J Patersons ch g Wizard, 4 yrfl, 7st. 81b (Huchea) 0 Mr H ChUney a b g P G , 5 yra, 8st 81b (O Con nor) - 0 Mr E. Paget s br h Gonzago, S yra Oat. 81b (Hill) 0 Mr J Harper's g I Josephine, 4 yra Ost. 01b (Barr) 0 Mr E E Jones a cho Greyhounl, 8 yra, Oat 21b (Cracknell) _ 0 Mr T Chirnside a brf Primrose, 3 yra, Sat. 111b (Gough) - 0 Mr D Macpherson s b o Santa Claus, 8 yrs, Bat 101b (Kelly) 0 Mr F Wentworth s brc Sardonyx, 3 yra, 5st 111b (Nicholson) 0 Betting-4 to 1 agst Sardonyx 6 to 1 agst Respite, 7 to 1 agst Canary, 8 to 1 agst Woodlands, 10 to 1 agst Pirate After a groat deal of troublo at the poBt occasioned b> the bad behaviour of Woodlands, the horses wero sent away to a good start, Mercury, Suwarrow, and Pirato Bhowlng promlnontly in tho van Afl they reached the stand Pirato hod lakon tho lead, Suwanow, Mercury, Oanary, Woodlands and Santa Claus woro following in that order, and all In a bunch Pirato hold his position as they rounded the turn past tho stand Suwarrow being very close up After nearly a couple of lengths interval came Gou zago Morcury Santa Claus Canary Greyhound and Sardonyx all closo together P G, Respite, and Prlmroso were running behind tho main body Gon zago then went up to tho leading pair and lu tho flat opposite the stand ho hod token first placo Santa Claus waa racli g bim for the load. Suwarrow was next two lengths off with Pirato Canary, and Mer cury at tho head of tho othors who wore following In a closo body Qonzago led over the hill at tho far ond of tho course, where Santa Claus had gono up to Bccond placo and was running him closo , Suwarrow and Pirate wero next, closo together, Qonzago, Wizard Moator Avenol, Canary, and Morcury woro next In tbat order, Greyhound was tailing off As thoy neared tbo turn for homo Pirato again went to tho front. Santa Claus was scoond, with Master Avenel, who was going up fast, nearly level Reeplte, Sardonyx, and Gipsy Cooper wero drawing up to the leodore Pirate noa a clear lead aa they entered tho Btralght Master Avonel was next, with Rcsplto Sardón) x, Gipsy Coopor, Woodlands Blr Joseph and Oanary all handy Coming up tho Btralght Master Avenel closed on Pirato, and Wood lands joined tbo pair as thoy noarod tho winning post. Tho three boraes passed the Btand so closo that It was impossible for tho spectators to tell which was In front. The judgo placed Master Avonel first and Pi] ate second Woodlands was not placed ReBptte and Gipsy Cooper wero very close up, Canary waa showing well forward among tbo othera Timo, 2m 281s FINDON HAItlUEIta GOLD CUP Taino 100 sovs , subscribed by the followers of the Findon Harriers with a sweepstake of 2 sovs each to go to Bocond horse and - bovb. for third horso A welter handicap stooplochaso for bona Odo hunton that havo boon hunted with any pack of hounda thlB season To bo ridden by gontlcman rldors, in hunting coBtumo Distance about two milos. Mr W Martin a b g Syphon, ogod, list 31b (Mr T Watton) ti Mr R Grico Jun a b g FIcklo, 4 yra list. Sib, (Mr Grlco) _ f2 Mr J O Inslls a br g Nlmbook, aged, 12lt 31b (Mr J O Inglis) 3 Hr C W Shaw s b g Young Deceiver, aged, lSit 31b (Mr J Simpson) 0 Mr E, Miller's g g Marquis, aged 12at 71b (Mr B Miller) 0 Mr A Henry a ch g Bayard, aged lust (Mr T H Bourke) 0 Mr R ICHallB g g Waverley, agod, 12st, (Mr A Chirnside) _ _ 0 Mr O Bussell Bb g Euclid agod list. 0 Mr A Henry s b g Cbanak, aged, list. 101b (Mr W Grattan) 0 Mr A Dowling'B br g Uanda Down, 6 yra, list, 101b (Mr J W PInsent) _ 0 Mr F Peppin a g g Snowdonlan, ti j ra list 71b, 61b over (Mr Williams) 0 Mr E. Miller's g g Six Robert, aged, list 71b , 101b over (Mr Darlot) " 0 Mr E. MlUort g g Apparition, aged, list 71b ,101h over (Mr Cummings) 0 Mr A Mlllefs b g Findon, aged, list 71b (Mr R Ray) _ M « .0 Mr W Pearson ni bg Vondon (lato Gondolier), aged list 61b (Mr G Watson) 0 Mr A G WcbbysbgJack aged list (Mr Webb) 0 Mr E J Crooke a br or bl g Skyscraper, 0 yrs, list (Mr J Crooke) 0 Mr L A Clarke s bl g Bacchus, aged, list,, 61b over (Mr Clarke) 0 Mr A Millers cb m Edith aged list (Mr Miller) 0 Mr W E HlghettabgChorlster, aged, lOst 71b (Mr Highett) «. 0 Mr A A Woods ro g Cockatoo, aged, lOst» 71b (Mr Woods) " 0 Mr J F Turnbull s br g Morning, agod, lOat 71b (Mr Curio) _ 0 Betting -8 to 1 Youd. Docelvor, 4 to 1 Syphon and Fickle Tbo sight of tho 21 horsomen going away had moro tbo appearance of a burst after a pack of hounds than a raco Tbo pace was made a fast one from the start and soon told on the compotiers a great many of whom carne to grief In tho last mile the race was loft to Syphon Nlmbook and FIcklo The last named hod a good deal of ground to make up but he came on gallantly and a roost oxcitlng flulsh ended in a dead heat between Syphon and Fickle Mr Inglis Unding Nlmbook was outpaced at the finían did not porsevoro Time, 4m 44s TI o deciding heat waa run off after tho Windsor Handicap Syphon led from tho atart At tho sod wall Fickle was coming up fast and lookod as If he could catch Syphon easily, when ho suddenly bucked and threw his rider, leaving Syphon an oasy victory STEEPLECHASE A sweepstakes of 7 sova each, with 160 sovs addod About two mites and a half Mr M Moran 8 ro m First Lovo aged, Ost (Grace) 1 Mr S Holgate b br m Chrysalis, aged, lOat 21b (Batty) 2 Mr W li Addlirs g g Abdallah, aged list 81b (Carey) 8 Mr H Yeend s b g Intrepid, aged, 12st 71b (Scoble) _ 0 Mr M Loughlln a b m Twilight, ogod, 12st 71b (Corrigan) 0 Mr H MoranabmGazello aged list, lib (Moran) 0 Mr 8 Justin na b g Spectrum, aged, lOit 7lb (Floyd) 0 Mr P Qlcnlator's br g Right Bower, aged, lOat 41b (M Innes) _ 0 Messrs J and J M GuIncsB br h Postmaster, aged, byPanlo Oat 41b (Jollett) 0 Mr H Burrell s ch m Actress ogod Oat (Robinson) 0 Betting -2 to 1 agst Chrysalis, 4 to 1 agatTwIIIght, 6 snd 0 to 1 agst any other Postmaster show ed In front ns the horses wero sont away Actress led over tho first fenco where Piar master fell then carno Twilight Chrysalis Intrepid Flint Lovo and Right Bower Spectrum baulke I at the first fence Actress lod patt the Btatid Bight Bower First Lovo Twilight Intrepid G ¡vol Io and Chrysalis following In that order Spectrum baulkod again at tho hodgo Actress led ovor tho hill piat tho Btand First Lovo had gone unto second placo Right Bower Twilight Intrepid and Gazcllo woro cloao up Abdallah and Chrysalis wero about six lougthsaway Going along the Hat opposito tho stand ActrcBS had a lead of seven lengths First Lovo was next five lengths In front of Gazollo Intrepid was noxt Ab dallah and Chrysalis wero togother bohlnd At the far lilli Actress incrcasod her lead and was fully ciglt lengths In front of First Lovo Twilight oi d Rlj.11 Bo ver followed together after a gap of several lengths Abdallah Intrcpl 1 and Gazcllo wero next C1 rvsalis was acting ob whipnor in CroBBlnf, ti o boo wall First Lovo was t,alnlnt, on ActrrBB T vill(,ht and Rl.ht Bower wero half a dozin Icngtl B off Intropld was dropping back Gazallo C1 rv Balis an 1 Abdallah wero noxt togothor Actress baulke 1 at tho next tenco hut was got ovor at tho second time of aoktng First I/wo then carno away in the lead Bight Bower and Twlllgl t wero toirotlior about half a dozen longttiB off Chrysalis followo 1 after a similar Interval Intropld and Gazollo woro next f llowcd by Abdallah and Actress First Love led over tho fences lu front of tho stand Bight Bo»cr and Twilight woro about four longthl off ClrvBaliB was next after a trap of half a dozen lengths Ga» Ho waa next ncorlj 10 lengths away Intropld Abdallah and Actress followed In a bunch First Love led over tho hill, after ronnding tho turn nant tho stand Right Bower was noxt Twi UlI t who had been g lng up to tho lovdorg fell at the fonce and Oezello f Howod suit ITrst Lovo led over tho far hill Right Bower keeping pretty closo Att'fESleU »t i°9'«nçç In tu. flat, «ni Vhrv8aJI8 wa drawing nearer tho leaders. Descending the hill Firat Lore waa «till leading, Right Bower was nearly lorol with her, Chrysalis was about tbrco lengths off, Ab- dallah was following after a gap ol over 00 yards. At the sod wall Right Boa cr dropped back, and Chrysalis went up to first Lore. From this homo tbe rica was left to First Love and Chrysalis. Tbo fomerwonby nearly thrco lengths, Right Bower waa not persovorod wlth, and Abdallah passed tho poit third about 10 lengths off tho leaders, Right Bower and Intrepid wero next. Time, 6m. 461s, TUE WINDSOR HANDICAP. A sweepstakes of S bots, each, with 100 BOvs. addoJ. Six furlongs. Mr. D. S. Wallace's br h Napper Tandy, S yrs, by Maribyrnong, Oit. (O'Brien).1 Mr. A. 1U Inglis na br h Plrato (late Blchmond), 6 yre, Est. iib. (Caslien).. .. _ .. ..2 Mr. O. Tattersall na b m Haidee of tho Hills, 4 yre, 7st 71b. (Jones).8 Mr. J. Leek's ch li Soothsayer, 6 yrs, Bat. 71b. (M'lnnee) . _. - ..0 Mr. D. Connelly ns b h Stockbridge, -god, 8st. 21b. (Asnluall) . -0 Mr. J. Thompson's » or cb ii The Ghost fiat« Salisbury), 4 yrs, 7st. 101b. (Sullivan) .. .. 0 Mr. T. Jones's ch h Se- King, 0 yrs, 7at. 01b. (Kelly) 0 Mr. T. Cbirnside's ch f Billilla, 8 yre, 7aU 41b. (Hutchins) .0 Mr. H. Hoisted nach c Jack of Clubs, 3 yrs, by King of CIuba-Butters, 7at. 21b. (lilli) .. .. 0 Mr. J. Smith's br m Minnow, 4 yrs, 7st (Phillips) 0 Mr. J. G. Heywood- b m Rebecca, 4 yrs, by Stoc-ham-Flcotwing, 7st. (Williams) .. .. 0 Mr. T. Coker1» bl o Tho Cockney, 8 yrs, Oat. 181b. (Nicholson) .. ... _ 0 Mr. J. Paterson'« br b Whisper, 4 yrs, Ost 121b. (Londoncllj) - .0 Mr. J. M'Grade's b m Illumination, 4 yrs, Ost. 111b. (Crocker).0 Mr. S. Uahon's g g Bushman. 5 yrs, by Bonnlo Carlisle- GreydawD, Ost 101b. (Cracknell) .. 0 Mr. J. Whittingham, ch m Cora, 4 yre, Bat 01b. (G. Williams).0 Mr. J. Fitzroy, b or br c Ringdove, 8 yre, Oat. 71b. (Stratford) .0 Mr. S. G. Cook's b f Somlramlde, 3 yrs, Oat. 71b. (O'Connor) . _ 0 Mr. H. Burrcll's b f Glycerlno, 8 yrs, by Ollror Twist-Golatlno, Oat. 71b. (U'Donald) .. .. 0 Mr. A. F. Bradahaw's ns b g Kaiser, 8 yrs, Oat. 71b. (Ellis) ...._._ .0 Mr. n. Tree ns bl o Hunter, 3 yre, by Tim Whlffler (Imp.)-Secret, Oat. 71b. (Sanders) .. 0 Betting.-4 to 1 each agst Pirate and Soothsayor, 5 to 1 apt Cockney, 8 to 1 agst Napper Tandy, 10 to 1 each agst Bushman and Oora. Tho horses got away all in a buncb, Napper Tandy being tho first to show ia front, Pirate, Soothsayer, and -Halla Bhowlng prominently at tho head of tho others. Napper Tandy hold his position ali tho way homo, beating Plrato by nearly a length. Haldeoof Iho Hills, who came well at tho finish, was a fair third, Sea King was fourth, Minnow fifth, and Kaiser elxtb. Timo, Im. lOJs. NAVAL AND MILITARY SPORTS. The annual nnval and military athletic sports demonstration, which took place on Saturday afternoon, on the Melbourne cricket-ground, were successful to a dogree that must have been highly satisfactory, not only to the volunteer and naval forces, who arranged and carried out the programme, but also to the general public who witnessed the Bports. The weather was of the most plea- sant description, and the attendance large, the number present being estimated at about 7,000. The moderate feo of Cd. charged for admission waa doubtless to some extent a cause of the large attendance on the ordinary ground outside the running rink, but there were also about 2,000 ladies and gentlemen in the grand stand, and they helped to give quite a gala appearance to the /¿le. A very long programme, containing on the whole over lo events, bad been prepared by the Sports Committee, who deserve great com- mendation for the excellent manner in which it waa carried through. It is questionable indeed whether any otber body than the volunteer force could bave run off bo many éventa in the course of a Bingle afternoon, but great attention had evidently been devoted to the matter before Saturday, as officers or men were busy in all quarters to see that the competitors were ready to start in something like the time sot down on the programme, and ao well were the duties assigned to the assistants per- formed, that event succeeded event with marvellous rapidity, and every race or contest advertised had taken place soon after G o'clock. Thecompetitionwasconfined tomem bers of tbo volunteer and naval for cob, and so many entrieB were made in Borne of the events that tbey bad to be divided into heats. There were over CO entrieB to the obstacle race, which was run off in eix heats, and proved a very amUBing affair. The distauce was SOO yards, and the competitors had first to climb a leaning pole, and then drop band over band down a rope. They then ran about 100 yards to where they had to pass through barrels with the ends knocked out, after which they were required to pass through an intricate piece of rope network, and then get under a long Bpar fixed hori- zontally about l.in. above the graaB. The one mile handicap walking match, in which each competitor carried full accoutrements, resulted in a magnificent contest during the laBt quarter of amilebetweenScott, of the East Collingwood Rifles, Scully, of the Williams- town Artillery, and Winneke, of the East Melbourne Artillery. Some grand exhibitions of atrength and endurance were displayed in the tugs of war, in which the Naval Brigade, who were doubtless assisted by thoir practice in rope pulling, proved the conquerers. The Ballarat Rangers, however, considering that they had only a Bingle corps of men to Belect from, Bhowed great Btrength, and were only defeated by the Artillery, who had varioaa corps to choose from, after a fine contest. The moBt successful competitor in tbe flat races was A. E. Laver, of the Kyneton Cavalry troop, who carried off seve- ral prizes. There were bíx entries for the two-mile bicycle event, which fell to the lot of C. Thorley, after a fine race with J. Lang. The banda of the Collingwood and East Collingwood Rifles, and of the Engineers and Williamstown Artillery, ren- dered a variety of musical selections during the afternoon. Major Freeman was judge of the Bports ; Major Templeton, starter ; Lieutenant Nicholson, umpire ; Captain War dill, E.M.A., Captain Robertson, M.R., Cap- tain Woods, E.H.A., Lieutenant Crowl, E.H.A., and Corporal Clutterbuck, R.R., handicapped. The names of the winners of the various events are subjoined : 120 YARDS HANDICAP FLAT RACE. A. E. Laver, Cavalry, 8 yds start.. .. 1 J. Brydon, Cavalry, 3 yds start .. .. 2 J. Morris, M.A., 4 yds start. 3 SIAMESE RACE, 100 YARDS. A. Wells and B. Wells, S.K.A. .. 1 J. Saunders and H. Payne, S.K.A... 2 F. Clarke and A. Bennett, 1st B.R. .. 3 250 YARDS HANDICAP FLAT RACE. A. E. Laver, Cavalry, 12 yds start.. .. 1 J. Brydon. Cavalry 8 yds start .. .. 2 J. Goble, W.A., 1 yd start. 3 PICKING UP SHOT. L. Bowen, Cerberus ... .... ..... 1 T. Geary, Cerberus .. .. .. 2 ONE-MILE HANDICAP WALKING MATCH. W. Scott, E.G.R.. 80 yds start .. ..1 Martin Scully, W.A., scratch .. ..2 C. W. Winnoko, E.M.A., 80 yds start .. 3 1o0 YARDS HANDICAP FLAT RACE-NON-COM. MISSIONED OFFICERS. H. T. Ward, O.R. 6 yds start .....1 A. Douglas, E.H.A., scratch .. .. 2 W. R. Clarke, M.R., 6 yds start .. .. 3 800 YARDS OBSTACLE RACE. J. Brydon, Cavalry....1 \- Sutherland, W.N.R, .. ..2 L. Bowen, Cerberus.. .. .. 3 800 YARDS HANDICAP HURDLE RACE. J. T. Hernán, W. A., 12 yds start .. _ 1 W. Earle, G A., scratch .............2 J. Brydon, Cavalry, 2 yds start .. 3 TUGS OF WAR. (20 men each side.) Artillery.1 Engineers .2 Ballarat Rangers. ..1 Bed Rifles .2 Artillery .1 Ballarat Rangers ........ 2 Naval Reservo.1 Hckod Volunteer Team _. .. "2 Naval Reservo.1 Artillery.2 OFFICERB1 TOO OF WAR. (10 men each sido.) Infantry. .. .. 1 Artillery.2 440 TABDS HANDICAP FLAT BACE. A. E. Laver, Cavalry, l8 yds start.. .. 1 G. Lowo, G.A., l8 yds start., 2 ' J. Goble, W.A., Oydsstart.3 100 TABDS WnEELBABBOW RACE. (Blindfolded.) Sutherland, W.N.It. _ 1 ONE MILE HANDICAP FLAT RACE. C. Morley, 2nd Cn a, 80 yds start.. .. 1 . J. Goble, W.A., COydsBtart.2 U. Duggan, M.R., 60 yds start .... 8 TWO MILE BIOTOLE RACE. O. Thorloy, R.R. .. _ .. "1 J. Lang, M.R,. _ 2 