B ROAD B RIM'S NEW YORK LETTERS. Eureka! I exclaimed, a3 I entered the Ar chery grounds of the National Association. At last we have an amusement, where a man can take his wife or hU daughter without being compelled to associate with gamblers and thieves. If you go to a trotting match at a country fair, made up, ostensibly of hon est farmers, the chances are ten to one hut ynu are-brought in contact with every dis reputable saloon-keeper and gambler within a radius of forty miles, and the chances are a hundred to one thattlie man is a professional gambler who owns the winning horse. . It is the same at a base-ball match. You can scarcely find a ball club in the country which is not infected with this infamy, and the con duct of some of them became so flagrantly offensive that respectable people were com pelled to refuse'them their countenance. Athletic amusement was felt to be a national necessity, but the question seenied narrowed down to a disagreeable choice whether we would become a nation of con sumptives or a nation of gamblers. The National Archery Association has solved the enigma, deciding there is a necessity for neither, and that in archery is the trtto ; solution of the puzzle which has bothered us so in the past. The tournament opened on Tuesday, the 12th, with representatives from Maine to California, and no more picturesque sight lias been seen in the United States in the i present century. The field in which the con test took place was a beautiful lawn of forty acres, shaven off as smooth as a piece'of velvet. Forty targets \vere ranged ou oppo site sides of the field, and the ladies ivere accorded the post of honor in the centre. Gay flags fluttered in every direction-mark ? iug the headquarters of the different clubs while scattered here .and. there, 'upon the field, were beautiful tents and marques which afforded grateful shelter to the archers and their friends. The field, beautiful as it was, was not more striking tliau the appearance of the company. X"ou felt at once that you were in the society of dec&nt; people, and that while your ears were sure of not being shocked by offensive language, your pocket book was safe-at least while you were within the archery bounds. The scenelirought backthegrandestdaysof chivalry, when gallant knights contested on the field of the Cloth of Gold; or when Leicester, on the verdant slopes of Kenilworth enter tained, with-lavish hospitality, Elizabeth, the Virgin Queen. The weather was delightful, light clouds veiling the sun, a soft breeze tempering ihe summer heat. The targets for the gentlemen were set at .100 yards, tliose of the ladies at 60 yards, and nothing prettier or cleaner in the way of sport was ever seen in Amoricu. There were no oaths, no tobacco smoke, except in the mild form of choice cigarettes, and gentle drinks like lemonade, with the faintest suspicion of Bourbon or Santa Cruz, while light lagor, mead and other innoxious drinks furnished mild forms of dissipation with which Father Matthew could scarcely have found fault-and which would unques tionably have received the endorsement of the veteran Francis Murphy. From eleven o'clock on Tuesday, when tho tournament commenced, till tne sun had sunk beneath . the horizon, the air was darkened by, the cloud of arrows of the manly and tho fair ' contestants. The contest developed some strange features. AreherB; whose, names were unknown only a few years ago, suddenly me to the front, and champions, ivhoie fame had been national, were compelled to take a hack seat-Mrs. Gibbs, of .Newark, N. J., loading off with a score of 393, beat ing Mi'sb Hammond, of Cincinnatti, the champion' of last year, by over 40 points. Frank Walworth, of Saratoga, came to the front with a score of 703 in a possible 1,000, while Will H. Thompson, the invincible champion of former years, gracefully retirod behind a score of 745. i Among the ladies' prizes was a magnificent Duchess of Gainsboro leghorn hat, beauti fully trimmed with royal ostrich plumes. Whoever was the lucky winner of that liat, Su'i t'reaic in her town. The only drawback to a season of unexampled enjoyment was a severe storm which burst upon the archers eu Wednesday afternoon. The hurricane swept over the field with fearful fury. Targets and tents were demolished in a moment, every tent being levelled with the ground, those who took shelter beneath them miraculously «3cnpi»g injury, and getting a thorough drenching before tlioy could gain tlie secure shelter of the club-house. This iras the only circumstance to mar the general happi ness of the meeting, which was one of pure and unqualified enjoyment. On each day, the best company in New York and Brook lyn, which tho watering season has spared were present, delighted witnesses of the contests, tho approbation was unlimited and universal, and wo congratulate tho City of Chicago, at which plaoo the tournament is to be held next year, on boing selected as the field for the healthiest, cleanest and most respectable sport ever seen in America. Tho contests over, they leave behind naught bin pleasant memories. We heartily commend them to our brethren in the west, and con clude with long life and happiness to the merry archers. The statistics of crime for the year aro be fore me, with tho gratifying evidence that we are gradually growing bettor. Only six years ago, the arrests in this city were nearly 100,000; in 1880 they were only a little over71,000; 35 900 of theso hail from the United States, and 27,000 hail from . Ireland. Our German population, which equals the Irish, only furnishes oija quarter as' many criminals, and the nature of the ofFencC* f"1' which they are convicted are generally fci>8 '^htGr grades. Our Irish criminals figuJY* 1"rKoly »» 1burgla ries, violent assa;.'1^ wife beatmgs. Considering that only' OUQ-half the people who deserve punishment reel *'e ' y°11 have the gratify iug assurance in Br:i. vn alu' New York, that every fifth man or ,Tonla|J ;you meet in tho street ought to be behind prison bars. Just tliiukofauarmy of over 90000 thie-es, burglars, murderers, drunkards men and women marching along. With such an element around us, I wonder that we are as good as wo are, and think with the im mortal Bulirer; " We aro not so bad as we seem." We are much exercised just now on the subject of an underground railway, which shall run beneath Broadway. Tho matter lias been delayed many years because we did not like to see our grand thoroughfare torn to pieces while tho road was in tho process of construction, and another consideration was that property- owners were afraid that it would endanger tho foundations of their liouses. Both of these objections have been removed by the proposition not to interfere .with tho street bed at all, but to work ou "tirely under ground. A short section of this Toad was finished many year.-; ago, and was exhibited to country visitors as one of tho sights of the capital, at ten cents, a head. It is now proposed to utilize this work, and make it the nucleus of the coming road. We are not as much enchanted with our elevated railroads as we were. We accept them in lieu of something better, for we expect any day to see a whole train coming smash down in tho street, and that it has not oecurrc-l before this can only be attributed to the mercy of Providence." Another pious fraud has been operating in the city. She litis baau working church societies and clergymen with the most, gratifying succes.i. This time it's a widow pretty, at that-and not over thirty. Now, a good-looking widow of thirty is quite irresistible. She li.id a son in the Hebrew Hospital, or she said she had, both of whoso legs wero paralyzed, and one of wliojo arms was 3 dislocated, besides, suffering the loss of one of his cye3, receiving a serious injury to his spine, and having been accident ally shot in tho head, lie could hardly be con sidered a healthy boy. ;Woll, this widow wanted a little money to get medical treat ment for this unhealthy litilo boy. Where ever she could not get ducats alio was willing .to accept anything from a pair of breeches to a bottle of whiskey; and strange as it may yseein, she had drawn at various times on one ich&rUable; liquor-dealer fpr fourteen bottles of brandy for tha suffering patient. She worked the sick racket for over three years, and as near as can be estimated, has collected in that time not far from 12,000 dol. in cash. The Hebrew hospitals have been ransacked by the charitably inclined, but the boy with the lame legs cannot be found. Laat week she came near being caught by an officer, but she ran into a building and vanished like a ghost. Look out for tho pious widow. The recent hot weather lias depopulated the town. Tho raiiway companies are at war again. Yon can go from Now York to Chicago for any price you please. The regular rate at presont is lifteon dollars, but if yon can't pay that, you can go for five. Its an elegant time for Summer tourists. Not owning any railroad stocks, I can stand it. Hoping that some of these railroads mag nates, -Jay Gould or Yanderbilt, may have sense enough to send 1110 a pass, I am Yours truly, . BROADBRIM. 