ECCLESIASTIC Diocesan Synod of Sydney. The Synod met at the Church Society's House, Phillip street, at 3.30 p.m. on the 22nd instant. Prayers having been read by the President (the Dean of Sydney) the minutes of the previous day's meeting were read and con firmed- THE AUCHDEACONRY OF CUMBERLAND. Canon H. S, King asked : 1. By what authority has ihe Archdeaconry of Cumberland been established r 2. was the standing committee consul ted upon cue subject ot its establishment V 3. Has any endowment been obtained for this Archdeaconry ? The President replied: 1. By the authority of the Bishop of Sydney. 2 and 3. No. TRANSFER OP CHURCH OF ENGLAND SCHOOL PROPERTY The Rev. C. F. Garnery asked : 1. Have any school buildings and school land, belonging to the Church of England in this diocese, been handed over, by lease or otherwise, to any person or persons since the last session of Synod? 2. If so, has the consent of the Bishop of Sydney or his representative been obtained for such transfer 'i 3. Is it the opinion of the Vicar- General that school property belonging to the Church of England can bo alienated from the use of the Church without the consent of the Synod 'i The President replied: 1. I believe arrangements are being made for a lease of the Church of England school at Pymiont by tho Department of Public Instruction. 2. Yes, under the circumstances under which it occurred. 3. This is a legal question which I hardly feel able to answer. THE SUPERANNUATION FUND AND THE MSHOF's REGI6TRAR. Mr. J. B. Durham asked : 1. How many parishes are therein the diocese 'i 2. How fnany parishes have sub scribed to the Superannuation Fund? 3. How many parishes are in arrears? 4. What are the duties of the Bishop's Registrar ? 5. What is his salary ? The President replied: 1. 73. 2. During the year 1880-81 23 have subscribed. 3. 12 at present. 4. The duties will be found in the records of the Standing Com mittee. 5. The duties have been discharged gratuitously. ATTENDANCE AT A ROMAN CATHOLIC SERVICE. Mr. G. R. Dibbs asked: 1. If the reDorts circulated through the Press of the attendance of a clergyman of this diocese at worship at a Koruan Catholic Chapel at Mel bourne are truer1 2. If true, has tho attention of the Bishop been called thereto, and with what explanation or result 'r The President replied: To both questions, I can simply give the answer— I cannot say. Mr. Dibbs : That is no answer. The President : lam unable to give any other answer. A COADJUTOR TO THE BISUO1\ Mr. G. T. Collins asked whether it is the intention of tbis Synod to consider the question of appointing a co adjutor or successor to his lordship the Bishop of Sydney V The President replied: I have no knowledge of any such intention. SYMPATHY 'WITH THE ])ISHO1\ The Archdeacon of Cumberland moved, — '1. That this Synod hereby expresses its deep regret at the circum stances which have deprived it of the presence of the Bishop of 1 he diocese, and its sincere sympathy with his lordship in his illness, and its earnest desire tor his speedy restora tion to health. 2. And that the Vicar-General be requested to communicate the foregoing resolution to the Lord Bishop of Sydney.' Mr. Alexander Gordon seconded the motion, which Vf as uuanimouslv agreed to. AUSTRALASIAN BOA11D OF MISSIONS. Canon Stephen moved the adoption of the report of the Diocesan Corresponding Committee of the Board of Missions for the year ending June 21, 1881. The following is an abstract of the report : — ' The committee are thankful in being able to report favourably of the work entrusted to them by the Synod, in connection with the Australian Board of Missions. On Canon Moreton's departure for Engknd, the Arcbdeacon of Cumberland kindly undertook to super vise the Mission to the Chinese resident in Sydney and its suburbs. Ho gives the following interesting and satisfac tory account of the work carried on by Soo Hoo Ten, the catochist employed by the committee:— 'During the week Soo Hoo Ten gives two days to the numerous Chinese gardeners at Botany and to the residents at Waterloo, and four daj-s to those in Sydne}'. His plan is to enter into conver sation, and, when he is permitted, to read a part of the New Testament and speak of its meaning. On Sundays he holds an afternoon service at Waterloo, and in the evening another service in Pitt-6treet in the schoolroom of St. Andrew's parish. He has lately been much encouraged by the in creasiDg attendance and the marked attention of several in the congregation. On Sunday, May 22, the attendance in Pitt-street was 65. Hymns in Chinese, written in large type on strips of calico, are sung, prayers are offered, the 33ible read, and a sermon preached pointing out tho claims of the Gospel. He generally gives me an account of the sermon ; and I have been much struck at the clear grasp he has of Gospel truth, and the admirable manner in which he draws out practical lessons from the passage read. There are some candidates for baptism under his instruction, ?whom he meets regu larly ; but he holds verv decided ideas about the danger of admitting any to the holy ordinance until they are decided in the determination to follow Christ — that the vJospnl may not be brought into contempt,'; or the way of Christ evil spoken of. Soo Hoo Ten has many difficulties to encounter — difficulties arising from the worldliness of some, the open opposition of others, the persecuting spirit of many, the ?want of proper accommodation, and the auti Chinese feeling among the Europeans with -whom be is brought into contact. But he meets it in all a very Christian spirit, tind works on very steadily, as far as I can judge, notwith standing all. I feel very thankful that the providence of . Gcd has brought him to Sydney, and that I am permitted to be associated in a humble way whh the work of such a man.— R. L. King. Sydney, May 30, 1SSL' The class for Chinese desirous of being 'instructed in English, held in St. Andrew's schoolroom, has been continued during the past year, under the care of Mr. M'lnnes. Passing from the Chinese to the aborigines, the committee have pleasure in reporting that during the past year they have undertaken, as a matter which comes very directly and specially within the sphere of their operations, the pay ment of the £50 to the Mission to the Aborigines in Victoria hitherto paid by the Church Society. They regret that it is not in their power, at present at any rate, to give a favour able reply to an application they nave recently received from the Bishop of Goulburn, asking for an annual subsidy in aid of a similar mission at Warangesda, on the Murrumbidgee, near Narandera, under the superintendence of Mr. J. B. Gribble. The Bishop writes : — ' The Government has opened a school, and appointed a master in the immediate vicinity of the settlement. There are now about forty-five of the blacks at the Mission, and Mr. Gribble writes hopefully on the subject. But the great want is that of pecuniary support.' The corresponding committee, in conclusion, would impress upon the Synod, and upon the Church at large, the neces sity which exists for a larger and more generous support being extended to the Australian Board of Missions. The funds now in hand are barely sufficient to cover existing liabilities to the end of 1881, and are therefore inadequate to meet any further demands, however imperative, which iuay be made upon the committee's resources. They trust, therefore, that before the close of this session of the Synod, some means may be devised for considerably augmenting the income at their disposal, so that not only the work now in hand mav be efficiently maintained, but that the applica tion of the Bishop of Goulburn maybe favourably responded to. The committee append a statement of their receipts and expenditure.' The statement of finances which accompanied the report stowed a balance in hand of £134 6s. 2d. Archdeacon King seconded the motion for the adoption of the rcport. The Diction was warmly supported by Mr. Alexander Stuart, the President, and others, and unanimously agreed to. The Rev. A. Yarnold then moved,— ' That, in the opinion of this Synod, the Board of Missions, as constituted by the General Synod, does not fulfil the purpose for which it was formed.' He stated that, for the past ten years, they had had a constitution for the Board of Missions which was utterly unworkable, and that fact was recog- nized by these best acquainted with the operations of the Board. The Rev. Mr. Williams seconded the motion. Canon Stephen said that, after being officially connected with the Board, he was prepared to show the unworkable character of the constitution, and would therefore support the resolution. Mr. Alexander Stcart suggested that it would be ' preferable to couch .the resolution in language of a more respectful character in approaching the General Synod. He proposed the following as an amendment : — ' That all the words after the word ' that ' be omitted with the view of in serting the following words: 'The General Synod, at its next ficssion, te respectfully requested to consider the desirability of amending the Determination No. 3, which contains the constitution of the Board of Missions, with a view to make more effectual provision for the furtherance of mission work throughout the colonies.' ' A general discussion ensued, in the course of which it was generally stated that the Board, which had been in exist ence for 'many years, had never met, because the members were separated'by long distances, and that, although the objects of the Board were admirable, the ponderous machi nery bad rendered it impossible to carry out those objects effectively. There was an almost unanimous ex pression of opinion that a radical change was necessary in the machinery of the Board of Missions; but opinions were equally divided as to whether the original motion or the amendment should be adopted. Eventually a division was taken, after which The President announced that there were thirty-seven voles in favour of the original motion and thirty-six against ; but inasmuch as one of the ayes was outside the bar when the voices were called, his vote could not be counted. That made the yotiug equal, and he (tho Dean) would have to give his casting vote. Mr. A. Gordon pointed out that, according to the rules, it was not competent for the President to vote upon any matter before the Synod. The President staged that, in that case, there could be no decision either one way or the other. Mr. Yarnold then proposed, pursuant to notice, — ' That the General Synod at its next session be requested to consi der the desirability of dissolving the present Board of Mis sions, with a view to the formation of Boards of Missions co-extensive with the several colonies.' Mr. Stuart again proposed his amendment. The Rev. Mr. Yarnold intimated his intention of accepting the amendment, lest he should lose the object tkat he had in view. Eventually the resolution was agreed to in the following amended form : — '* That the General Synod, at its next ses sion, be requested to consider the desirability of amending its Determination No. 3 (which contains the constitution of the Board of Missions), with the view of making better pro vision for tbe furtherance of mission work throughout the diocese of Australia and Tasmania.' The Synod of the Diocese of Sydney resumed its sittings at the Society's House, Phillip-street, on the 23rd instant. ENDOWMENT TOWARDS THE INCOME OF THE BISHOP OF SYDNEY. Mr. Clarendon Stuart asked : Whether any pro perty was left under the will of the late Mr. Moore for pro viding an endowment towards the income of the Bishop of Sydney ,' if so, what is the nature and extent of such pro perly ;' docs it produce any income at present, and, if sp, what amount, and is eucli sum or sums not included in tho 'Moore Estate Account ' annually laid before the Synod 'i The President replied : The property was left by will, but in the year 1839 Mr. Moore conveyed to the Bishop the property Itnown as Moorebankj containing 6393 acres. One portion is for the maintenance of the Bishop, and produces £200 per annum. It is not included in the ' Moore Estate Account' laid before the Synod, and it forms no part of the property vested in the trustees of that estate. Mr. Clarendon Stuart further asked : How many of the cononries of St. Andrew's Cathedral are at present endowed, the nature ot such endowments, and why are such amounts not included in the ' Cathedral Accounts' annually presented to Synod ? The President replied : Only one such endowment has come into the hands of the Chapter, which Is called the Chiist Church Canonry Fund. It amounts to £ 310 17s. 4d. invested .it 0 per cent. Tho interest is paid to the Rev. Canon O'Reilly as-the second senior canon. PARISH OF KANGAROO VALLEY. Mr. Clarendov Stuart asked: 1. Did not the Bishop of Svdnev promise Mr. Alex. Oeborne, at a public meeting hcld'at Kangaroo Valley, that if he (Mr. A. Osborne) gave 12 acres of land and built a parsonage, he (the Bishop) would provide a resident clergyman ? Has the 12 acres of laud, with a parsonage thereon, been conveyed by Mr. OsTjorne to the Bishop as Trustee, and what are the terms of the trust V 2. Has the Rev. Mr. Elkin, aB requested by tho parishioners of tbe proposed new parish of Kangaroo Valley, ever brought the matter under the notice of the Bisfcop or the Vicar- Genc-ral ; if so, in what terras ? What stoys have been taken up to the present time, and Low docs ? the matter stand 'at the present moment r 3. Why has not the matter of the subdivision of the parishes of Evoughton Creek and Kangaroo Valley been brought before the Synod at its present session? 4. Was a stipend guaranteed to the Rev. Mr. Withey ; if so, why was he not appointed in Kangaroo Valley, as nomi nated by the parishioners, and is he the same Rev. Mr. Withey' who was compelled to quit the now new parish of 13ulli;'if so, why did he leave Bulli? Has the Vicar General offered Mr. Withey any other parish or incum bency ; if so, where, and whs it as valuable a living as Bull), and is he aware ibat Mr. Withey contemplates accept ing work in the diocese of Newcastle ? 5. How much money, approximately, has been expended on church build ings or property in Kangaroo Valley ? How much has the Church Society advanced the proposed parish, and what Church property does Broughton Creek proper possess ¥ The President replied : 1- I cannot say whether the Bishop did make such a promise. I understand that in structions have been given for the conveyance to the Bishop of the land on which a parsonage is erected, but the deed is not vet complele, and I cannot say what are the terms of the trust. 2. A letter was addressed to me by the church wardens of Kangaroo Valley, requesting that steps might be taken for the division of the parish and the appointment of a resident clergyman. I thereupon communicated with Ibe clergyman whois the incumbent of the whole district, and in consequence of objections raised by him and the churchwardens of Broughton Creek, the matter was left over for further consideration. Subsequently to this I wrote to the churchwardens of Kangaroo Valley ad vising that a meeting should be held by the church wardens of Broughton Creek and Kangaroo Valley and Ihe clergyman for consultation upon the matter. I have informed the churchwardens of Kangaroo Valley that it is my intention, either personally or through the Archdeacon or Rural Dean, to make further inquiries with reference to a settlement of tin matter. 3. It was not brought before the Synod, as the steps required by the Ordinance have not been completed. 4\. I understand they were prepared to guarantee a stipend of £250 per annum to an unmarried clergyman, and a re quest was made for the appointment of the Rev. Mr. Withey, but he could not be legally appointed in conse quence' of what 1 have previously stated. The Rev. Mr. Withey was formerly curate of Wollongong, officiating at Bulli. I made Mr. Withey an offer of employment with better prospects, which he declined. I do not know what his present intention may be. 5. I am unable to say what lias been expended on Church buildings in Kangaroo Valley. The Church Society has helped the whole district for four years by a grant for stipend of £100 per annum, and for the past two years £50 additional for the catcchist, and by a grant* of £50 towards the parsonage at Kangaroo Valley. The only Church property that I am aware 'of is a small piece of land for Church purposes at Broughton Village and the cemetery on the Broughton Creek and Trflnffaroo Soa^. DEPARTURE OP CLERGYMEN'. Mr. Clarendon Stuart asked : How many clergyman have left this diocese to work in adjoining dioceses during the last synodicalyear? Ihe President replied: Three. LAY EEPEESENTATrVES. Mr. Clarendon Stuart asked: Is it in accordance with the provisions of the constitutions of the Synod (hat a non-communicant should 6it as lay representative? The Presided replied : The 17th of the Constitutions requires that ' Each representative shall, before taking part in or voting at any Diocesan Synod, sign and deliver to the President the following declaration: — ' I, the undersigned, A. B., do declare that I am a com municant of the United Church of England and Ireland.' CLERICAL STIPENDS. The Rev.| John W. Debenham asked : 1. Is there, in this diocese, any fixed minimum for the stipend of curates ; and, if so, what is it ? 2. Is there, in this diocese, any fixed minimum for the stipend of incumbents ; and, if so, what is it? 3. Is it true, as stated in the diocesan directory, that the stipends of incumbents range as low as £1G5 per annum, and £165 with parsonage Y 4. In view of the desire for native-born and liberally educated clergymen, as mentioned in your opening address, have any steps been taken to stimulate parishes, whose stipends are small, to increase their contributions ? 5. Is it possible, in the event of no increase being made in the stipend, to reduce such parishes to the condition of curacies such as Bulli has bc-en ? Tbe President replied : 1. No. 2. No. 3. I believe the statement in the Diocesan Directory to be correct. 4. Attempts are made from time to time, as circumstances seem to require. 5. I am not prepared to say. CLERICAL REGULATIONS. The Rev. E. G. Hodgson asked; 1. What oaths, de clarations of assent, or subscriptions are required to be made by clergymen when licensed to officiate in this diocese ? 2. Dees the introduction into the form of license now used of the words ' and the canons and constitutions in that behalf lawiully established and promulgated ' bring a clergyman coming into this diocese from the province of York into any new relation, and, if so, what relation, to the constitutions and canons of 1 6C3 'i 3. Is the Rubric ' And here it mnst be declared unto the deacon that he must continue in that office of a deacon tbe space of a whole year (except for reasonable causes it shall otherwise seem good unto the Bishop) to the intent that he may be perfect and well expert in the things appertaining to the ecclesiastical administration ' binding in this diocese ? The President replied: 1. I lay upon the table copy of Ibe oaths and declaration. 2. I am not prepared to answer this question. 3. Yes. \ SECESSION OF EPISCOPALIAN CLERGYMEN. The Rev. E. G. Hodgson asked : Is it true that two gentlemen who were ordained deacons in the Cathedral Church of St. Andrew, Sydney, on December 21, 1880, and priests in the 6aid cathedral church on J une 12, 1881, were within two years of such ordination as priest, officiating as ministers of another religious body 'i The President replied .* I believe it is true. READING THE ABSOLUTION. Mr. J. B. Durham asked : 1. Is there any canon or constitution of the Protestant Reformed Church of England which forbids a deacon to read the Absolution at morning or evening prayer ? 2. Is a deacon a minister ? 3\. Is it a dogma ot the Reformed Church of England that the congregation receive the benefit of Absolution on the Absolution being read in the morning and evening services by a clergyman in priest's orders 'i The President replied : My answer to question No. 2 is, Yes. With reference to questions Nos. 1 and 3, the phraseology adopted precludes me from giving an answer. We sit here as a Synod of the Church of England, and if the questions are amended so as to show that they apply to the Church of England, of which we hold ourselves to be a part, I shall be happy to answer the questions. THE OFFICIAL INCOME OF THE 13I6IIO1' OF SYDNEY. Mr. Clarendon Stuart asked : ' Whether the President has read the answer Riven in the Legislative Assembly by the Hon. the Premier to a question asked by Mr. Buchanan, and which answer was to the effect ' That the official income of the Bishop of Sydney is £2000 a year, £500 of which is paid from the Bishopthorpe Estate, and £1500 from the revenue of the colony,' find if such answer of the Premier be correct, then in what manner and under whose direction (the Government's or the Bishop's) is the large balance of the estate— supposed to be £1600 a year — disposed of ? The President replied : The answer quoted by Mr. Clarendon Stuart as having been given by the Premier to a question in Parliament contains some facts, but omits other most important facts, and consequently entirely fails to convey a correct idea of the relations existing between the Bishop's stipend and the public funds. It is true that the Bishop draws from the public funds the stipend alluded to in the answer quoted ; but it is also true — although not therein stated — that the public fund receives back an annual amount from the Bishopthorpe Estate, which for the last four years has equalled the amount received from the public funds, so that ihe Bishop's stipend is chiefly, if not alto gether, derived trom the rents of Bishopthoi-pe, although it passes through the Treasury and public accounts. As there appears to be considerable misapprehension on this matter I tkera it right to take this opportunity of placing the facts before the Synod. In 1856, the Governor in Council, acting upon a minute made by the Secretary of State for the Colonies, the Hon. W. E. Gladstone, entered into an arrangement by which the Bishop's stipend of £2000 was guaranteed from the public funds, until the income of Bishopthorpe (which had been given by the Home Govern ment for the endowment of the See, but which, at that time was inadequate for the purpose) should reach, that amount, the revenue of Bishopthorpe being paid into the Treasury while such guaranteed stipend was being paid, t'ndc-r this arrangement the Bishop has annually received the guaranteed stipend, and the revenue of Bishopthorpe has been annually paid to the Treasury. For the last four years the revenue' of Bishopthorpe has reached, and indeed has slightly exceeded the sum of £2000 ; and that sum (£2000) has been annually paid to the Treasury by the Bishop's attoraevs, eo that had it not been for a further complication, which I will presently state, the position would have been simply this— The Bishop receives from the Treasury the guaranteed stipend of £2000. 2. The Treasury is annually recouped such £2000 from the Bishopthorpe estate through the Bishop's attorneys for that estate. The complica tion which I have alluded to is as follows: — In tho minute of the Govemor-in-Council which embodies the agreement as to the stipend there is a clause which proyides that ' any saving thus effected in the Church of England share of the Public Worship Fund will be appropriated irom time to time as the yearly balances are now appro priated,' i.e., shall be appropriated by the Bishop for Church purposes, under tbe approval of the Governor-in-Council. Under this clause the Bishop, in the years 18-57, 185S, and 1862, laid plans of appropriation before the Goveraor-in-Couneil, which were approved, and have ever since been acted on, viz., that out of the saving created by the Bishopthorpe revenue being paid to the Treasury there be paid the following stipends : — For 1357, viz., Rev. H. S. King, St. Michael's, Surry Hill, £200 ; 1858, Rev. T. C. Ewing, St. Michael's, Wollon gone, £200; 1863, the Lord Bishop of Goulburn, £100 : together, £500. These amounts are made a charge in the first place on the Church and School Estates Fund, but are annually recouped to that fund from the revenue of Bishop thorpe/ A portion of the bishop's guaranteed stipend, viz., £500, is also charged in the first instance to the Church and School Estates Fund, and subsequently recouped from the Bishopthorpe revenue. Why these complications were in troduced, or are maintained by the Treasury, it is not for me to state ; but the results of the facts are —1. That the State pays the guaranteed stipend of the Bishop, £2000 ; the three stipends above alluded to (£500) £2500 ; and 2. That the State receives as refund, from the Bishopthorpe estate £2000. The balance of the estate is not £1600, as mentioned in the question of Mr. C. Stuart, to be generally supposed, but abont £200. That balance remains invested in the names of the Bishop's artornies of this estate, or has been appropriated by the Bishop to certain parishes for Church purposes, although by theterms of the minute of Mr. Gladstone, above ailuded to,'it is the personal property of the Bishop. CKURCn BUILDING LOAN FUND. Canon King moved the adoption by the Syno^ of ruls and regulations for the management of the Church Baildingr Loan Fund, provisionally agreed upon by the Committee of the Church Society. The mover read, and briefly ex plained, the rules, which were agreed to unanimously. DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE BISHOP'S COMKI86ART. Canon King moved,— 'That it be referred to the Standing Committee to take such steps as may be practicable to carry out the recommendations contained in a report of a sub-committee of that body upon the duties and powers o£ the Bishop's Commissar}', presented to the Synod in the year 1872.' The motion vras agreed to. INDUCTION ON APPOINTMENT TO INCUMBENCIES. Canon King moved, — ' ' That it be referred to the Standing Committee to consider whether any amendment is desirable in the Presentation Ordinance, with a view to the insertion of a clause providing for some form of induction on appoint ment to incumbencies, and if «o, to prepare and submit such amended ordinance to the Synod at its next session.' The Archdeacon of Cumberland supported the motion. After some discussion, the proposition was adopted in the the following amended form, on' the motion of the Rev. O. F. Garnset, seconded by Canon Stephen,—' That the Bishop be respectfully requested to make provision for the use of some form of institution on appointment to incum bencies in this diocese.' THE SUPERANNUATION FUND. Mr. James Vickery moved for and obtained leave to introduce an ordinance to amend the superannuation ordinance of 1876, in respect to the investment of funds. He also moved,—' That Messrs. Melmoth Hall ani R. Hills be appointed auditors for the clergy superannuation fund during the remainder of the present Synod.' Carried. ST. PHILIP'S GLEBE LAND. Mr. Alexander Stuart moved, — 'That the Synod gives its approval to the granting for periods exceeding twenty-eight years of leases of St. Philip's glebe laud by the trustees thereof.' After some discussion Mr. Stuart consented to accept the following amendment, which was agreed to :— ' Tliat the Synod authorises tbe Standing Committee, if it shall seem desirable, to consent on behalf of the Synod to the leasing of the St. Philip's glebe for a period exceeding 28 years, but not exceeding 50 years.' The Synod of the Diocese of Sydney resumed its sitting on the 24th instant. MOTION TOR ADJOURNMENT. Mr. Clarendon Stuaut moved the adjournment of the Synod for the purpose of referring to an answer made by tti*e President the previous day. He had asked — ' How many of the cononries of St. Andrew's Cathedral are at present endowed, the nature of such endowments, and why are such amounts not included in the ' Cathedral accounts ' annually presented to Synod ?' Tho answer he had received was — ' Only one such endowment has come into the hands of the Chapter, which is called the Christ Church Canonry Fund. It amounts to £310 17s. 4d. invested at 6 per cent. The in terest is paid to the Rev. Canon O'Reilly as the second senior canon.' He desired to point out that he had said nothing whatever about Ihe- Chapter, and the introduction of that word niade some difference in the answer. He thought it most undesirable that the President should import into an answer anything foreign to the nature of the question. Mr. W. J. Foster: I rise to a point of order. The member is most disorderly in addressing the President in that manner. (Applause.) And I shall not sit here and listen to such language. Tbe member is so disorderly that his language would almost justify his removal from tho House. The President : It is quite competent for the member to move the adjournment of the House, but the subjects dealt with, and Ihe language used, must be in accordance with the rules of the Synod. Mr. Stuart 6uid he did not intend to propose any fur ther resolution on the matter, because he had privately ob tained from the President the information he had desired. At the same time he thought it better always to confine the answer exactly to the terms of the question. He simply brought this forward, at the risk of being turned out of the House, for the guidance of future business. RESUMPTION OP ST. JAMES' SCHOOL PROPERTY. Mr. Clarendon Stuart asked: 1. What is tho amount at which the St. James School pronerty has been assessed, and has the Government accepted the valuation '- If not 2. What is the sum the Government propose to pay for it, and to whom will it be paid when the sum shall have been determined on'r 3. Has any plan of distribution of the amount been considered or determined upon, if so what is it, and will it be submitted to the Synod for its approval ? If not 4. Will the matter be submitted to the Synod to be dealt with entirely by it V 5. Is it the intention of the Standing Committee, in view ofthe 'special attention' with which the Synod was directed by tho Very Rev. the President to view this matter, as liable to happen to any olher parish school, in his opening address, to submit to tho Synod a general policy for adoption in the matter of the large interests which may be involved by the resumption of school lands either under the Land for Public Purposes Acquisition Act or the Education Act of 1880 ? The President replied: 1. £33,209, which has been accepted by the Government. 2. The same. To tho Bishop as trustee. 3. No. I cannot say what action may be taken by the trustee when the money is received. 4. I cannot say. 5. I cannot say what action the Standing Committee may consider it desirable to take. VOTINO JUSTIFICATIONS. Mr. Thomas B. Walcot asked—' 1. In a parish where the sittings in the Church are all free, what qualification is necessary to entitle a person to vote at the Easter meeting ? 2\. Do contributions to the offertory constitute a qualifica tion r 3. Does the possession of the necessary qualification entitle a minor to vole ? 4. Does the possession of the ne cessary qualification entitle a lady to vote ?' The President replied: 1. 'The 13th clause of the Church Act enacts that in addition to pewholders and renters of sittings, every person having been for the space of one year and upwards a contributor of not less than £1 annually towards the maintenance of the Church, and being a member of the Church of England, shall be entitled to vote at every vestry meeting. 2. I think not. 3. No. 4. Yes ; not being a married woman. ST. ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL. Mr. H. S. S. Bond asked : 1. What are the total amounts received at the Cathedral offertory during the past year on Sundays, morning, afternoon, and evening separately ? 2. By whose authority and for what purpose are the curtains placed against the wall at the east end of the Cathedral 'r 3. Is it not more desirable to have the Ten Commandments and the Lord's Prayer placed at the east end of the Cathedral rather than curtains ? 4. As I wish to join the Cathedral choir, can f do so without wear ing a surplice ? 5. Is it lawful for clergymen in the Cathe dral or other church to intone other than the portions of our Church Service which are directed in the Prayer. Book rubrics to be sung? The President replied : 1. The total amount is stated in the accounts laid upon the table— £1072 lls. 9d. I am not able to give the amounts for the morning, afternoon, and evening separately. 2. By the authority of the Chapter, for the purpose of hiding the disfigurement occasioned by some parts of the reredos which have given way. 3. The cur tains are there for a temporary purpose only. 4. It is the rule in the Cathedral choir that all the choirmen shall wear surplices. 5. I do not think there is any law forbidding it, but I think it very inexpedient. EXPLANATION. The President said : In the answer which I gaye last evening to Mr. Clarendon Stuart's qnestion on the Bishop's stipend, I find a slight inaccuracy, which, although not affecting the main result, I desire to correct. I said: ' These amounts are made a charge in the first place on the Church and School Estates Fund, but are annually recouped to that fund from the revenue of Bishopthorpe. A portion of the bishop's guaranteed stipend, viz., £500, is also charged in the first instance to the Church and School Estates Fund, and subsequently recouped from, the Bishopthorpe revenue.' 1 should have said: 'Of these amounts £300 is made by the treasury a charge in the first instance on the Church and School Estates Fund, viz., £200 to Rev. Mr. Ewing, and £100 to Rer. Canon Kins- ; but is subsequently annually recouped to that fund from the revenue of Bishopthorpe*. The other £100 of Canon King's stipend, and the Bishop of Goul bum's £100, are paid periodically bv the treasury from similar amounts fixsf paid to the treasury by the Bishop's 1 - ? ? ? :? ^Homeys &°m the revenue of Bishopthorpe, and £500 of the fl ft'shoD s stipend is treated in a similar manner.' From the ?M complicaUoMSurrounding {and, I think, needlessly sur ^H wmndinri these payments and cross payments, the Synod H «H11 scarcely be surprised that this inaccuracy crept into my S rTnlv * but I ani informed that with this correction, a 9 Strictly accurate statement of the matter is now before the H Svncd. 9 ? 6CPERANNUATIOK ORDINANCE. 9 Sir. James Yickery moved the second reading of the S ordinance to amend the Superannuation Ordinance of 1876. 9 The motion was agreed to, and the ordinance was passed M through committee, with verbal amendments. 2 EPISCOPALIAN AND DISSENTING CLERGYMEN. W Mr. Clarendon Stuart moved, — ' That, in the M opinion of this Synod, it is both seemly and desirable, in 9 true lovalty to the principles and doctrines of the Church of S England, that her ministers sKbuld take no part, directly or 9 indirectly, by their presence or otherwise, at meetings -of a « reUgious character presided over by dissenting preachers, or J| called in dissenters' interests.' He stated that there were M certain clergymen belonging to the Church of England who 9 ?were in the habit of associating with dissenting preachers, 15 attending their religious meetings and praying with 9 them. He maintained that such proceedings were inimical 9 to the best interests of the Church of England. There 9 (should be a distinct broad line between the Church of 9 England and other churches, and the effect of the conduct §1 he had referred to would be to gradually ebliterate that line H of distinction. |H Mr. W. A. Brodribb seconded the motion. i| The Rev. Dr. Barry strongly opposed the motion. He 19 admitted that he had acted in the manner indicated by Mr. M Stuart, but without prejudicing the Church of England in fa any way, and would do so again. If a thousand Synods 9 declared that he should not again perform worship with any 9 person who might not happen to belong to the Church of 9 England, he would tell them that they might pass ordinances 9 for ever, but Christ was above all, and he would obey Him. 9 The Rev. Mr. Yarnold hoped that the Synod' would §1 express itself in such a way that it would be understood §1 that they did not wish to interfere m the matter. He h thought that each clergyman should be guided by his own 9 conscience in the matter, and leave the Bishop to be the 9 judge. S The Rev. Mr. Barnier opposed the motion, and depre 9 cated any interference with his personal liberty in such a H : matter as this. He loved his Church, but that should not |I and did not prevent him kneeling in prayer with other M worshippers of the God he worshipped. m The Rev. Mr. Tress opjjosed the motion. 9 The Rev. Mr. Hodgson expressed a desire that the 9 motion should be withdrawn, although he admitted that it m indicated strict loyalty to the Church. ? The Rev. F. W. Stretton opposed the motion, and 9 moved the previous question. He thought that that was 9 *he better mode of dealing with a question of such a very i peculiai character, and upon which a direct vote might be j liable to be misunderstood. The Rev. F. C. Garnsey supported, the' proposition to move the previous question. He had no sympathy with the motion submitted by Mr. Stuart, and would have been glad to have had it kept out of the Synod altogether. Mr. Alexander Gordon appealed to the clerical mem bers of the Synod not to continue this discussion, which could onlj- be painful to the lay members in witnessing dis sension among the clergy on such a question as this. (Applause.) The Rev. E. M. Saliniere, who was met with cries of 'divide,' was .glad that the previous question had been moved. He lamented the apparent attempt of Mr. Gordon to create parties in the Synod, and desired to ask that gentleman whether they were not laymen who had put forward, in the Synod, questions reflecting upon two esteemed clergymen of the Church, one of whom had done good work at the Cathedral, while the other had made reference in public to a visit he was said to have paid to a church in Melbourne. He defended the clergy in their liberty of action, but con sidered that no clergyman of the' Church of England should Bay or do anything that would lend his influence to any sect opposed to the Church of England. The Rev. J. F. Mohan thought that an exceeding ill c-pirit had been displayed by the clergy in this discussion. (Hear, hear.) He considered that the Church of England ? would be equally wrong if it temporised with the Church of Rome upon one hand, or the dissenters upon the other. The Rev. Mr. Yarnold asked the President : Will a direct negative given by the Synod to this resolution be an expression of opinion on the question involved V The President said that, before answering the question I. lie desired to make a few general remarks. He verj' much regretted that this question had been brought before the Synod at all. (Applause.) He thought it was likely to do very serious harm to the Church in the Synod. It was calculated, in his opinion, to promote dissension among them, and in the very contrary direction to that which he, in bis opening address, earnestly im pressed upon the Synod, and exhorted it to cultivate a spirit of charity and brotherly love. He hoped, however, that they should always look on this question calmly and impartially, and endeavour to give such a vote UDon it as iu their consciences they felt they ought to give. * For his own part, he had been very much gained by the speech, with which the motion was intro duced, because he felt there was a great deal in that speech which implied a condemnation of 4he Archbishops of the Church in England, and of the other bishops, who had felt themselves perfectly justified in uniting with their dissenting brethren in Dlaces where prayer was offered. The mover of lhe resolution had referred to that grand and wonderful Institution, the British and Foreign Bible Society, which was spoken against by the mover of the resolution, but which had not only the patronage of her Majesty the Queen, but its President and Vice-President were Ibe two Archbishops. He was also led the other dny 1o believe that almost everyone of the Austra lian bishops were now connected in some way with the branches of the Bible Society in these ? colonies. (Hear, hear.) bo that to pass such a resolution as that now before the Synod,—' That the ministers of the Church of England should take no part, directly or indi rectly, by their presence or otherwise, at meetings of a religious character presided over by dissenting preachers, \- or called in dissenters' interests '—he felt that, interpreting ihe resolution by the language of the mover, that they would be passing a censure upon those whom they cad no right to censure, and that they would bring 'upon themselves very grave reproach. (Applause.) 'What would the mover of this resolution sav with regard to the committee formed for the revision of the ]New Testa ment ? Was it net composed of dissenters as well as church men V Were there not brought together the most learned men of the different bodies in the United Kingdom to join with those in America in carrying out this great work ? Did they not unite in prayer, and worship together before they entered upon the great work of the revision of the New Testament r He thought the Synod ought to be very care ful lest they committed themselves to a resolution which would be at variance with the action taken by such a fcody as that in the Church at home. (Applause.) One of the mos't pleasing effects with regard to the Church of Christ was the account given of the meeting of dissenting ministers at Leicester. They went in a body to the Church Congress, and were received by the Bishop of the diocese who presided over that Congress, treated as Christian brothers, and wel comed, while the most kindly and brotherly words passed between them. He thought 'that in a similar manner the clergy of the Church of England here should treat iheir brethren. Was not that the way in which they were most likely to bring those dissenting clergymen into fellowship with the Church ? Of course he (the President) ?would fall under the censure of the mover of this resolu- ? H tion, because, in the course of the past year he had ? delivered a lecture on the subject of ' The Lord's Day ' at am the Protestant Hall. A Dissenter, as he would be called by B Mr. Clarendon Stuart, took the chair, and a Presbyterian S minister— a Christian brother— offered up prayer before the -9 lecture was commenced. Ho (the President) was not 9 ashamed of that. (Applause.) He was there upholding *9 Jhe claims of what he considered to be our common 9 Christianity. (Applause.) He was endeavouring to 9 render a service to the Church of Christ and to the 9 Church of England as a part of that Church. He would d 9 the same again whatever might be the resolution of the 9) ^ynod, because he had a liberty beyond whatever might be 9 declared by the Synod. (Hear, hear.) He had the highest ^9 wpect for the Synod, but the Synod had no right to con. trolthe liberty of his intercourse with his brother clergymen in the Church of Christ. It had been said in the course of the debate that one of the greatest obstacles in the propaga tion of the Gospel among the heathen was the division in the division in the Christian Church. No one regretted that more than he did, but it had been stated over and over again by those who had became acquainted with the work of the Church of Christ in India that one of the greatest powers in promoting the spread of the Gospelhad been the unity of action among the missionaries of the different religions bodies, who were iirthe habit of meeting from time to time to compare notes. They had one common object in view — differing only in matters of Church government— and they were united in the grand purposes of Christianity, and ful filling the law of Christ, who said 'A new command I give unto you— that ye love one another.' He (the Pre sident) could not, however, think of asking that the resolu tion should be withdrawn. He hoped the Synod would express its mind very decidedly, but as far as he could gather of the meaning of * the question which Mr. Yarnold now proposed the difficulty was— would the Synod, by negativing the resolution, declare its approval of the opposite course, which course was condemned in the resolu tion '{ His view of the motion was that if the Synod negatived the resolution, it would simply mean refusing to entertain it. It would be declaring that'it would not censure those whom the resolution proposed to cen sure, and he therefore thought that anyone might, with a safe conscience, vote against the resolution. It would, in c-ffect, be saying that they did not wish to censure those who used their Christian liberty, and did not consider that they were subject to the Synod's condemnation. (Loud applause.) Mr. Stuart having replied, the previous question — viz., that the question be now put, was then stated by the President, and carried. The original motion was then put. and negatived on division by C4 votes to 8. The names of those who voted were not recorded. DIOCESAN DOOK DEI-OT. Mr. C. Stuart moved,—' That the Diocesan Book Depot, in preference to the depot of any dissenting establishment, should receive the cordial support of those clergy and laity who desire to purchase books for parochial and school dis tribution.' Mr. Stuart consented to strike out the words ' in preference to the depot of any dissenting establish ment,' and the motion, as amended, was adopted. The Synod adjourned at 10.30 p.m. till Monday. The sittings of the Diocesan Synod were resumed at the Church Society's House, Phillip-street, on the 27th in stant. THE DOCTRINE OF ABSOLUTION. Mr. Joseph B. Durham asked : — ' 1. Is there any canon or constitution of the United Church of England and Ireland which forbids a deacon to read the absolution P 2. If a deacon be not allowed to read it on account of the rubric etatiug it is to be pronounced by the priest alone, should he not be equally forbiden to read the sentences which the rubric states that the priest should say ? 3. Are not the words priests and ministers convertible terms in the order for morning prayer 'i 4. Is it the doctrine of the United Church of England and Ireland that the congregation re ceive the benefit of absolution through a priest pronouncing the absolution '- 5. Was not the word priest at the last revision of the Prayer Book substituted for the word minis ter in the absolution rubric r' The President replied:— ' 1. I do not know of any such canon : but the question is open to much dispute. In Dr. Burn's Ecclesiastical Law, (ninth ed., vol. iii., p. 59), I find it stated that it is not clear from the rubric in the Book of Common Prayer whether, or how far, a deacon is pro hibited thereby to pronounce the absolution ; for, although it is there directed that the same shall be pronounced by the ' priest alone,' yet the word ' alone ' in that place seemeth only to intend that the people shall not pronounce the'absolution after the priest^ as they did the confession just before ; and the word ' priest ' throughout the rubric doth not seem to be generally appropriated to a person in priest's orders only. Dr. Burn goes on to say that the argument to evince that the priest only, and not a deacon, has power to pronounce the absolution seems most evidently to be deduced from the Acts of Ordination. To the deacon it is said : — ' Take thou authority to read the Gospel and to preach the same, -fce.' To the priest :— ' Receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest in the Church of God. Whose sins thou dost forgive, they are forgiven; and whose sins thou dost retain, they are retained.' Mr. Dur ham will thus see that there are two sides to the question ; and as I do not sit here as a judge, nor as an authorized expounder of the law, I do not think I am called upon to decide it. I will only add that the custom for the deacon not to pronounce the absolution, seems almost to have grown into a law. 2. No answer need be given to this, as it was dependent upon the previous question being answered in the negative. 3. I do not think they are so in all cases. 4. I am not sure that I take these words as Mr. Durham may have intended them. The benefit which I understand to be derived from the declaration of forgiveness in the absolution is this — that everyone in the congregation who is conscious that he does truly repent and unfeignedly believe the Gospel, may take to himself the comforting assurance which the form of absolution conveys. 5. Yes.' THE CHURCH SOCIETY. The President informed Mr. H. S. Bond that there were 49 parishes in which branches of the Church Society had been formed, and 29 in which they had not. CONVENTION OF THE SYNOD. Mr. Alexander Gordon (on behalf of Canon King) moved,—' That the Synod's convening rule of 1881 be now read a second time. Proposed rule— Whereas it is desirable to determine by rule of Synod the periods within which a Sjnod of the diocese may be convened and holden, the Synod ordains and rules as follows : — 1. A Synod of the diocese may be convened and holden at any time by sum mons of the Bishop or the person by whom, for the time being, the powers vested in the Bishop may be exercised. 2\. This rule may be cited as the ? Synod's Convening Rule of 1881.'' The motion was agreed to, the rules passed through com mittee without amendment, and read a third time and passed. SUPERANNUATION ORDINANCE. On the motion of Mr. James Vickery, the Ordinance to amend the Superannuation Ordinance of 1876 was read a third time and passed. RELIGIOUS-INSTRUCTION IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS. The Rev. W. Hey Sharp moved,— « That the name ot Mr. F. W. Uther be added to the com mittee on the subject of religious instruction in Public schools.' In doing so he referred to the second annual report of the committee appointed by the Synod on the 27th day of June, 1879, to carry into effect the resolutions passed by'the Synod with regard to religious in struction in the Pub'lic schools. The report was as follows : — 'During the year which has elapsed since the last meeting of the Synod, the committee has met twelve times. At the beginning of the year the committee had in hand a balance of £63 12s. 4d. The sums since contributed amount to £55 ; and further sums have been promised, as will be seen in Appendix A. The expenditure during the year has amounted to £00 12s. Sd. The following grants have been made by the committee : — 1. The sum of £25 per annum to Mr. Raymond, engaged in giving religious instruction in eight Public schools in the district of Hartley. Mr. Raymond has now left the dis trict ; the Rev. R*. H. Mayne has not yet found a suitable person to undertake the work. 2. The sum of £25 per annum, to assist in prodding religious instruc tion in Crown-street Public school. 3. The sum of £65 per annum to Mr. Latty, engaged in giving religious in struction in the Public schools within the rural Deanery of Camden. Mr. Latty visits eight schools, containing in all 200 children. He pays eleven or twelve visits in the week, travelling for this purpose upwards of 100 miles. Grants are not made by the committee until the diocesan inspector of schools has 'certified to the qualifications of the teacher proposed. In December, 1880, the Bishop, by a circular letter addressed to the clergy, requested information as to the number of Public schools within their respective parishes, and the amount of religious instruction given weekly in each school. The returns received in reply will be found tabulated in Appendix (B). It will be seen that religious instruction is being given regularly in 96 schools, and that 82 schools are altogether without such instruction. In the case of 29 of these latter schools, the want of a class i room is alleged as an obstacle. Two public meetings have keen held in futb.cra.nce of Ihe objects of the counmttee. The first of these was held in the Masonic Hall on August 10, and the proceedings werefully reported in the daily papers. The second was heldin the City Mission Chapel, Sussex-street, on December 2. A series of similar meetings, to be held in various city and suburban parishes, was projected by the committee, but a difficulty was found to exist in. the fear entertained by some of those locally concerned that euch a plan might tend to injure existing Denominational schools. In conclusion, the committee feel that the future success or otherwise of this movementwill very largelydepend upon the way in which the subject may be dealt with by the Synod. Hitherto the difficulties of the question have been aggravated by the unsettled condition of the relations between the State and the Denominational schools. The recent settlement of those relations has at least left the ground more clear for united and vigorous action in the direction of giving efficient religious instruc tion in the Public schools.— William M. Cowpek, chair man.' Mr. Sharp regretted that a more satisfactory report could not be submitted. A great deal of feeling had been exhibited in reference to this matter, and the outcome had been subscriptions to the amount of something like £100. If the people of the Church of England felt strongly upon the subject they had a peculiar way of showing it. There was, however, a very substantial grain of comfort in the fact that religious instruction was being given in bo many Public schools. The Rev. E. G. Hodgson seconded the motion. Mr. A. Gordon pointed out that there was evidently work to be done when there were eighty-two schools which were altogether without religious instruction, i he fact, however, that there were ninety-six schools in which such instruction was given proved that there was_ a willingness on the part of the clergy to do their work if the laity would do their work. Mr. Gordon stated that, as a member of a school Board, he had bad to visit seven large schools, two of which were Church of England Denominational, two Roman Catholic Denominational, and three Public schools. He bore his hearty testimony to the efficient manner in which the Roman' Catbolic schools were con ducted, eo far as religious instruction was concerned, and in that respect they were a bright example of the Church of England schools. With regard to the Public schools the tale told by the teachers was always the same — that there was a great work for the Church of England clergy in those schools. The teachers did all they could to impress intel lectual and moral lessons upon the children under their charge; and he was prepared to say that the teachers in those schools, so far as he could judge from circumstances which came under his knowledge, in visiting the schools were as earnest as men and women could be in instructing rightly the children undertheir charge. They would welcome systematic and religious instruction by the clergy of any religious body. (Hear, hear.) Mr. E. W. Molesworth suggested that a more syste matic effort should be made in the collection of subscriptions for this good work. (Cheers.) The President (as chairman of the committee) stated that COO circulars had been sent to the laity soliciting support, and nothing had coinc back. Mr. H. S. Bond moved, as an amendment, that the resolution of which he had given notice should be added to the motion, viz. : — ' That as Denominational schools decrease in number, it is hoped that the clergy and laity will give more attention to the religious education o^f the* young than when both Denominational and Public schools had to be attended,' It was suggested that the addendum close at the word attended, and the suggestion was adopted. The Rev. ft. E. Kemp seconded the amendment. After further discussion the President said that if funds were not forthcoming the work of the com mittee would speedily have to cease. He thought that good work might be done by the employment of paid agents. He knew of two young men quite eligible for the duties, one of whom had had some little training in a Public school already. What the promoters really did want was funds, and in some way tuey must apply to the laity of the Church. With regard to the advantages that were said to arise from religious instruction in Public schools, he had the testimony of the master of the Sussex-street Public school, that siEce religious instruction had been given in that school the most marked improvement in the school had taken place. The question of class- rooms was a most important one. He did not know how religious instruction was to be given un less something was done to provide class-rooms. Even at Fort- street the want of accommodation was most seriously felt, and the same, he supposed, was the case with some other large schools in or about Sydney. With regard to the country districts the same difficulty presented itself. The clergymen in those districts could not always attend to the 'schools, which were scattered over large tracts of country. He hoped that the discussion would be productive of good, and that the result would_ be a larger amount of pecuniary support, which would enable the com mittee to employ catechists, and enlist such aid as would enable theta to carry on their business more effectively. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. Mr. Sharp having replied and intimated his intention of accepting the amendment, the motion was un animously agreed to in its amended form. CHURCH RITUAL. Mr. H. S. S. Bond moved, — 'That our cathedral should be a pattern to all churches, especially in the exact observance of the rubric of our Prayer Book ; and although, the Aus tralian Church may not be bound to obey the canons of Canterbury, England, of the year 1603, it is desirable that in our Cathedral the 82nd canon should be observed as to the setting up of the Ten Commandments on the east end of every church and chapel, where the people may best see and read the same, and other chosen sentences written upon the walls of the said churches and chapels in places convenient.' Mr. Collins seconded the motion. After some diecussion attention was called to the fact that there was not a quorum present, and the Synod adjourned. The Svnod of the Diocese of Sydney resumed its sittings on the 28th instant. ADMINISTERING THE SACRAMENT. Mr. G. R. Hare isot* asked : What authority is there for the practice Qas adopted at All Saints', Pefersham) of the Sacrament being received by the members of the choir before it is administered to the rest of the communicants ? The President replied : I am not aware that there is any authority tcr it. UNEMPLOYED CLERGYMEN. Mr. Joseph B. Durham asked: 1. Have the two gentlemen who were ordained priests in the Cathedral Church of St. Andrew's on the 12th June, 1881, and who were formerly ministers of another religious body, been presented to any living, or has either of them been r1 2. Are there any clergymen of the Church of England of Oxford or Cambridge B.A.'s or M.A.'s at present in Sydney without cure of souls, or any other preferment ? 2. If so, how long have they been so 'i The President replied : 1. One of them has been appointed by the Bishop to the charge of the parish of St. Thomas, Balmain West. 2. The Rev. W. J. M. Hillyar, B. A., of Brasenose College, Oxford ; the Rev. W. S. Newton, M A., of Cambridge. 3. Mr. Hillyar has held a general license since 1864 ; Mr. Newton holds a general license, but has never applied for any preferment 6ince he came into the dioccses about four years ago. REVISED EDITION OF THE NEW TESTAMENT. The Rev. Charles Bauer asked : Will it be allowable for the clergy to make use of the revised edition of the New Testament in the pubiic lessons of the Church without any formal order to that effect \ The Fhesident replied : I should say certainly not. The authorised version is that which has received due* sanc tion, and until another has been appointed by tho proper authority to take its place the clergy will not be at liberty at their own pleasure to substitute the revised edition. SALE OF CHURCH PROPERTY. The Rev. E. G. Hodgson moved,—' That the Standing Committee be instructed — 1. To prevent the proceeds of tho sale of anv sites granted or purchased for educational pur poses connected with the Church of England from being applied to any other than such educational purpose. 2. To prevent the similar alienation of any endowment now exist ing for educational purposes in connection with the Church of England.' He pointed out that there were many ways in which the surplus, if there were any, might be appropriated. He suggested the establishment of theological pofessorehifs ia connection with St. Andrew's Cathedral, where candidates might reside under proper control, and gain experience of parochial work. In the event of any surplus arising from the disposition of this class of property, the question would rather be one of choice as to what object the funds should be applied to, than of difficulty in finding out a means of applying the funds. He feared that from a number of causes the educational work of the Church of England did not receive the attention and support that it deserved. (Hear, hear.) Unless the Synod came forward and asked the committee to take this matter into its serious consideration, they would have some hungry churchwarden or some hungry clergyman who might come down upon one of these church endowments, and a precedent would be set which it would be difficult to depart from in the future. He, therefore, trusted that the Synod would unanimously pass this resolution. The Rev. E. M. Saliniere supported the morion. Mr. T. A. Dibbs agreed with the mover of the resolution that the proceeds of the property should be applied to purposes of education. As far as St. James' school was concerned he differed from the paragraph in the President's opening address, in which he regretted the action of the Government in resuming St. James' school property. On the contrary, he (Mr. Dibbs) thought that it was a matter of congratulation that the Government had resumed pos session of the property. For £10,000 another school with equal accommodation could be provided, and that would leave £25,000 available for other educational purposes. If that amount were invested it might yield £1500 per annum^ which could be applied to the employment of lay readers in connection with the schools. A fund would thereby be created, under which religious instruction could be given in the schools. He thought that it was one of the best things that could happen for the church, that St. James' school had been taken by the Government, (Hear, hear.) Mr. A. Gordon thought that the Standing Committee would not have the power to act in the manner indicated ia the resolution, and ho therefore moved the previous ques tion. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Clarendon Stuart supported the moving of the previous question, because however strongly he might op pose the appropriation of the money for other than educa tional purposes, be did not think that the Standing Com mittee could exercise the power which the resolution asked them to exercise. (Hear, hear.) After some further discussion, the motion for the previous question, viz., ' that the question be not put,' was stated from the chair, and agreed to. The original motion was therefore not put. SUNDAY SCHOOL PICNICS. The Rev. E. G. Hodgson moved, — ' That, in view of evidence recently given in open court by police officers, this Synod is of opinion that the sale of rickets for admission to Sunday school picnics to any other persons than those imme diately connected with the school is very undesirable.' In submitting this motion, Mr. Hodgson explained that the revelations which had been made in tho evidence given in a libel case recently before the Supreme Court had been of such a character that the clergy of the Church of England ehould no longer hesitate tb take steps to check tho evils arising from picnics down the harbour. (Hear, hear.) He thought this ? was a fitting time for the Synod to interfere because the indiscriminate sale of tickets for Sunday school picnics was so largely indulged in that grave evils must almost inevitably ensue. (Hear, hear.) Those evils had already occurred, not only at general but at Sunday school picnics, and the Dean of Sydney had himself denounced them from his pulpit. Canon Stephen seconded the motion. ? The Rev. J. F. Mohan slated that he was convinced from hie own experience of Sunday school picnics, that they would lead to the most disastrous results if thev were uer mitted to be open tc the general public. He suggested that the resolution could be made acceptable to the whole Synod by the insertion of the words ' and congregation ' after the word ' school.' The Rev. A. W. Pain Eeconded the amendment. The Rev. Mr. Hodgson accepted the amendment. Mr. F. R. Robinson moved, as an amendment, that the first part of the motion shall be omitted, so that it would, read ' That this Synod is of opinion,' &c.; Mr. Alexander Stuart seconded the amendment, which Mr. Hodgson accepted. The Rev. J. Barnier denied that it was wrong to gather a number of persons together on the green sward in God's sunshine, and make merry. (Hear, hear.) It was true that some of the circumstances connected with the picnics were wrong, and the efforts should be directed to reducing the evils to a minimum. It had been a growing evil ever since the Moores got a license for their public-house. (Hear, bear.) Some effort wasj therefore, necessary to check the evil, but he should not like the resolution to go forward in its original form. If the Govern ment would remove that public-house he would undertake, with the assistance of half-a-dozen moral police men from his own congregation, to keep the strictest order at the worst picnic that ever was held in connection, with, his (St. Barnabas') church. (Applause.) Mr. Thomas Rorertson considered that the most melancholy portion of this discussion was the admission by the clergy that for years this great moral pest had existed, and they had never 'before taken steps to check it. (Hear, hear ; and ' No.') It had been represented that these picnics were sometimes used for tho very worst purooses. For years he (Mr. Robertson) had contributed towards these Sunday-school picnics, and now he was to be told that all this time'his money had been devoted to the worst possi ble purposes. (Cries of u No, no.') It was all very well for gentlemen to say ' No, no,' but they_ could not pretend to be deaf to what they had heard that night. (Applause.) He had been told that the Dean had, from his pulpit, de nounced Sunday school picnics. (Hear, hear.) If tha Dean had the means of knowing of the existence of thesa evils why did not the other clergymen know of them, and denounce them ? On^the contrary, he had heard some clergymen advocating these picnics in such a way that people might almost think they were a sacrament of the Church. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. Thomas Kemmis considered that if Mr. Robert son's argument were pressed to its full extent, it would 6imply prove that we should close our churches or burn our Bibles, because both were sometimes misused. (Hear, hear.) The same remark would apply to the profession of which. Mr. Robertson was bo distinguished a member. [Mr. Robertson : People never go to law if they can hell) it — laughter.] If isolated bad practices should be held to con demn a whole institution, the law should not be practised at all. (Hear, bear.) He denied that the Church had waited until this memorable case arose before they took action. (Hear, hear.) He had taken, seventeen years ago, the very action recommended by this resolution. (Hear, hear.) The President was very glad that one amendment had been proposed, but the other, to insert the words ' aad con gregation,' he thought would create a danger. Mr. Hodgson had stated that he (the President) had taken measures which were calculated to prevent the evils referred to. As a matter of fact the evils spoken of had been brought under his notice many years ago by the late Inspector-general of Police, who was strongly opposed to ' the Sunday school picnics. That gentleman had specially called upon him for the purpose of asking him to use his influence with the clergy of tho Church of England to pre vent those evils referred to, and he had gone so far as to say that he hoped the Sunday school picnics would be done away with altogether. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. Mr. Moran's amendment was put and nega tived. The amendment proposed by Mr. Robinson was. agreed to. The motion, as amended, was then agreed to, viz., — ' That this Synod is of opinion that the sale of tickets for admission to Sunday-school picnics to any other persons than those immediately connected with the school U very undesirable.' seamen's mission. Archdeacon King moved, — ' That it is the opinion of this Sycod that the Church of England Mission to Seamen, lately established for the purpose of ministering: to the spiritual wants of sailors belonging to our Church in Port Jackson— both those belonging to her Majesty's Navy, and those belonging to the merchant service and the coasting trade— is one which should command the sympathy and receive ihe support of the members of the Church of England.' After some discussion, in which the Archdeacon, the President, and Mr. W. J. Foster referred in highly complimentary terms to the work of Mr. Saearston, the motion was agreed, to unanimously. 