§mmm. SOME DIFFICULTY ABOUT THE CALLS. ' Now, my dear,' said Mr. Spoopendyke, ' let me see the list of ladies -you want me to oali on. Z really don't care to go &iouud; much, but a man ought to do what his wife wants him to do on New Tear's Day. Where's the list?' 'Here it ifl,' said Mrs. Spoopendyke, nattering around with her hair in her mouth. ' I wrote them all oat with the addresses for you, ao yon wouldn't have any trouble.' ' What makes you pat old Sister Lamb at she head of the list V growled Mr. Spoopen djke. ' She's got a Jwart on her chin the size of a fire- bell, and she oan't talk anything but the advantages of egg over stove ooal for heating the Sunday school.' 'But she belongs to the church, and I don't believe anyone else will call on her.' reasoned Mrs. Spoopendyke. 'She will be tickled to death to see you ' 'What do you think I'm starting out for?' demanded Mr. Spoopendyke, very fiercely. ' Got an idea Tm going around like a missionary to Joarry the gospel to people everybody eke is afraid of? Who's this? What's this second name here ? Who's Mrs. Shklymbretov?' ' That's Mrs. Wolverton. I promised her you would call. Nevermind Mrs. Lamb, but you ought to call on Mrs. Wolverton.' 'What for? What has she got in com mon with me, except that her bonea are hollow? She don't know the difference between a Guinea pig and tbe burning of Jerusalem. Always wants to know if 1 didn't think that Sodom and Gomorrah were parable*. I* that the kind of list you've made out? Want me to run wound among the old monuments? Who's Miss Swath f' 'That's Mrs. Smith, the little widow. You know ahe'a interested in sending women oat west to set hubanda. She'll amuse yon.' 'She will if she sees me. She'll make me laugh like a hyena if ahe gets one eye on me. Who'a that yellow-headed «;irl that sits two pews la front ol ua? I'd call on her, now.' 'She'e a little chit of a thing. You don't want to^ron after those young people— a man of your age.' ' What's the reason I don't?' howled M;. Spoopendyke. ' Got an idea that I only care for the tough old people, haven't you? Think I'm a aoit ot Plymouth Bock, don't you? Got any more old landmarks that need inspection ?' 'I don't care I' remonstrated Mrs. Spoo pendyke; 'they're nice people, and lake to cultivate them. They may be along in life, but they can't help it.' 'Cultivate 'em, If you want to,' growled Mr. Spoopendyke; 'bat if you think I'm going hoeing aroand among 'em on the 1st of January, you're left. What d'ye want to cultivate 'em for? With your friends and ideas, you only need weekly prayeia and an alarm of fire to be an old woman's home. Who eke have yon got here? Mrs. Sliggonspratt, Mrs. Wonten sloagh, Miss Elmpzf — ' 'You don't read them right at all,' complained Mrs. Spoopendyke. ?? That's Mrs. Sil verspoon, and Mrs. Workhlngfcon, and Miss Hemmingvay. They are just act nice as they can be.' 'Are they the three old worthies who howl in tbe choir ?' asked Mr. Spoopen dyke, sternly. 'They've got a grandson old enough to be my father.' 'They haven't,' sobbed Mrs. Stoopen-* dyke. ' You know better.' 11 Well, most of 'em have. What d'ye want me to call on them for? Got any more old almanacs expecting me? Where's the Sphinxs P You haven't got the Sphinx down here, nor the Tower of Babel. Who're these other pyramids ? Who's Mrs. Upsidedown?' 'That's Mrs. Edgerton. She seat you the jelly when, you -were sick, and you said she was the best woman in Brooklyn. You'll have to call on her for politeness,' said Mrs. Spoopendyke, severely. ' I won't either J' shouted Mr. Spoopen dyke. 'The jelly was sour, and she made me pay a dollar toward a plainer of Pahs angel for a starving family out is Fiatbnsh. Who's this other nurse of George Washing ton's? Here, this is a mistake; I went to old Mibb Sohumslook's fuaeral thirty years ago.' ' You didn't ! You never did !' proclaimed Mrs. Spoopendyke, thoroughly aroused. 'That iBn't her name either. It's Miss Sobofield, and she is the best friend I've -got. I only want—' ' I know what yon want,' hiesed Mr. Spoependyke. 'You want a few more acquaintances, and a map to be a guide book to ancient Troy. Think I am going to call on that old monolith f Got anything here that belongs to modern times? Know any body who has been dug np within six or eight centuries ? Who's that black-eyed girl in the Sible class ? Pon't she hang out a flag to-day ?' ' I wouldn't look at her,' sniffed Mrs. Spoopendyke ; ' X wouldn't have you go there for worlds. Besides, she don't receive.' 'What's this?' demanded Mi. Spoopen dyke. ' What's Mrs. Wimpqstvxq got to do with it ? What cemetery will I find her ia ?' ' That's Wee. Willoughby,' explained Mrs. Spoopendyke,. complacently. 'She's the young widow who leoently joined the cburoh.' 'I don't mind calling on her,' said Mr. Spoopendyke. 'She wasn't bora more'n four thousand years before the Christian; era. Got any more like her ? Does this measly list contain anybody else who wasn't the mother of the Chinese Empire P Think of any more gravestones that haven't had the epitaphB worn off?' ' No,' replied Mrs. Spoopendyke, coldly ; ' and, now I remember, Mra. Wiiloughby receives calls with friends in Buffalo.' ' Dod gast your dod gasted list I' howled Mr. Spoopendyke, dancing on the unhappy document. 'What d'ye think I am— a ghoul ? S'pose Pm going to prance around among all the measly old ghosts in Brook lyn P S'pose I'm going to swash, around and eat cake and drink lemonade with & lot of illustrations of the silurian period ? Think I'm going to spend ;the day with a lot of articulated old skeletons just because they belong to the eame church that I do?' and Mr. Spoopendyke popped out of the bouse like a bung, and went next door t» see if his friend Tortorthumb knew any mummieB of whose history there was some tradition. 'I don't care,' said Mrs. Spoopendyke, as she whirled around two or three times, to practice kicking her train* ' if he doa'fe call on tbe church people they'll be hopping; mad, and if he does he won't have much o£ a time, so he'll wish he was dead either way.' — Brooklyn Eagle. ? ; ? 0 ? Mask Twain says he has just received a letter from one of ' our fellow savages in the Sandwich Islands.' It appears to be a most interesting epistle. One passage runs: 'A certain, legislator was very much put out on account of the recent riot. He was put ont of a two-storey window.' Some time sinoe a oar used to go from Wicklow to Dublin, and as the mare was found to travel much more briskly under the influence of a glass of whiBky, the habitual travellers subscribed to supply her with tbis stimulant. Traveller : ' Fat,~the mare won't go at all to-day. You rogue, you did not give her the drop.' Driver: ' Well, your honour, I'll tell no lie. It was an awful oowld mornin',aand I wanted a dhrop meaelf as bad as her, bo we tossed fox it, snd sore I won the toss.' ®»1- 21 1) 