STORYTELLER. MISSING-; OK; MARTIN HERMAN'S WILL. CHAPTER XIX. CUARLES CARPENTER GEES A CHANCE TO STRIKE — AND STRIKES. Lawyer Cheatham placed, a watch, to be kept up night and day, on tbe Puella- street bouse ; and before this watch had been es tablished a week bis suspicions were con firmed, and he became convinced that ' the birds were safely caged,' to use his own language. So long as tbe mother and daughter were hidingin fear, he was as safe j as if tbey were in the grave ; but while they j lived there was danger tbat Mrs. Hope might show asuddenEtrenglh, and proclaim to the world the true character of the man he bad declared to be tho heir in law — if not in fact — of tbe Hermann estate. The effect of such a revelation — he reasoned — would react as fatally on Miriam as on himself, and believing this, he 'comforted himself with the thought tbat he was safe for the present. But Cheatham was too shrewd a man to rest satisfied with present safety. He was always looking ahead, preparing for every probable obstacle, and imagining how. he would act under all possible difficulties. It was part of his plan to get rid of Charles Carpenter the moment he had subserved the purpose for which he had secured him. This end was already gained; but in its accomplishment the new use came up. Until Mrs. Hope was forever silenced, Charles Carpenter must live to terrify her into silence. Though Cheatham had failed in some things: — connected with the culminating venture of his life — he had succeeded as n Tvlinln unri ,'n ell nil a wnv nn to frfve him reasonable assurance of ultimate success. For many years he had looked yearn ingly forward to the time when he wonld bo sole master of the Hermann estate, and this desideratum was now virtually achieved. Of late he had looked upon tho beautiful Miriam as a desirable mis tress of the mansion ; and though he bad not relinquished this wish, be. decided not to wait for its fulfilment in order to . take possession. The day on which . Kitty and Hannah left, Cheatham took charge, and the fol lowing day he had his baggage moyed from tho hotel. Clay, who bad been hiding in dread, tnrnnri nn nnnortunelv. and was installed as cook and major domo pro i&n.;,' offices J for. which he was much better qualified than those /or which Cheatham had for merly employed him. I The mansion was comfortably, even, luxuriously furnished ; and as Cheatham \ walked through the. fine .apartments, dry washing his hands, he felt himself to be lord and master of all ho surveyed. At times ho broke into a low:laugb, with his head thrown back, till tbe heavy folds were stretched. in his cl) eel; s, aud again he would affect an air of boyish lightness, and skip abont to show to himself his own exuberat spirits and youthful vitality. He did , not want to havo, Charles Car penter, for a companion,- and how- to 'get rid of that person's undesirable society was a question, that puzzled and ann6yo,d -him.' ? ? CharlcB - JGarpentor- iad .mado up his Offn.miud not only to remain at the man sion but to direct its affairs, and to treat Mr. David Cheatham as a guest whose visit would bo agreeable in proportion/to its brevity. * | 'You'll find it very lonely out lierq Charley,' said Cheatham one oveninj. ' A man so used to a life of excitemrtit cannot long be contcnt with these sylran and entirely domestic surroundings.' Carpenter set down his glass — bc yould have been very badly off without mat — and hastened to asBure the laivyer tbat ' these sylvan and domestic Surround ings' were objects for which hii heart had. craved for very many years. And now as bo had an opportunity to gratify theso yearnings, he declared ho /would ' strip sails nm] nntna in finnlmr ' ' I'll keep open house} Dave,' aud as you've been the main cause of my coming into possession of my deceased uncle's estate,' — hero Carpenter winked and made a clinking noise with his lips—' I'll bo mighty glad to see you up here — now and then.' Tho cool audacity of this knocked the breath — figuratively — out of Cheatham. When bis breath came back again, be pursed up his Hps, then let tliem loose ill an unctious smile tbat spread all over his face. ' Ah, Charley, my boy, there'6 stili a streak of the old humor left in you,' chuckled Cheatham. 'Of course, you wouldn't be content here for a month, and you know it, you gay rascal. I'll let you have all the cash you want in reason.' ' Indeed !' said Carpenter, sarcasti T'„, » J , .tlj HIUU, J. ILL ' And,' continued Cheatham, ' you can stop at tho chief hotel in the city, if you want to. But I'd prefer to board — if I were you — down near the docks, where you can see ships, saltwater and sailors, and be in yournatiye element, as I might say.' ' I'm in my element here, Dave, and you're my guest.- Here's to you, old man. Come, fill your glass and join me. That's it. Tbey set down their glasses, and Carpenter went on : ' I will engage a corps of servants, and entertain like a nabob. I'll have a yacht anchored at the wooden pier, and go out on my native ele ment when I feel like it. I'll have a fine turn-out, and be the envied of the envied. Don't look blue about it, Dave. I'll pay you more than tbo legal fee for your efforts.' ' Ha, ha, ha, very good !' laughed Cheatham. ' It's better than very goad. Dave.' ' Yes, Charley,' ' When I reached New York this last time and got thinking about my imprison ment and my dead wife aud child, the curse pou bad made of my life, do you know what I had fully made up my mind to do ?' ' I can't imogiue, Dave.' ' I took an oath that I would kill you.' ' Kill mc, Charley !' exclaimed Cheat hom. ' Yes ; but don't feel frightened now. I've revoked that oath. You've partly made amends for your misdeeds. You sent me to the penitentiary in my youth, and robbed mo of tbo only beings I ever really loved, but in my middle age you bring me a princely fortune and place me master of a house that is an earthly para :dise. . I. come mighty near forgiving you, Dave — mighty near it. Ah 1 if money could only bring back the dead, and I had thein here — I feel as if I might even re form, and be some one again.' There was a softer look in the fierce eyes, but it was'only for a moment. ' That's all right, Charley ! all right !' said Cheatham, moving uneasily in his chair. ' I am not as bad as you think me, I hope — not nigh as bad ! But let us talk about something else. Ah 1 I came near forgetting 1 You promised to tell me something more about this Paul Neville.' 'Did I?' ' You did, indeed ?' 'Well,' drawled Carpenter, 'there aint much to tell you. I hinted that I haled the fellow ?' ' You told me that he assaulted you on one occasion. I suppose you were on the same ship 1' 'Yes,' Carpenter hastened to 6ay, ' that was it — that is where the trouble arose. Karl— I mean Paul Neville — I was thinking of another man — ho was first mate of the shipAurora, and we wore anchored off Nagasaki, Japan. That was a little more than two years ago. One of the natives was cheating me, and having a little liquor aboard I was about to knife tit 1, on 'Pnnl 'Neville interfered : so I cut 'him, and he knocked me overboard with a marline- spike. I haven't forgot | tbat, even though ho did leap over among the sharks and held me up till a boat was lowered.' t , ' He must be a powerful man !' ' Yes, strong, and brave as a lion, so far as that goes ; but he's one of your polished, goody-goody sort of fellows that I have no use for. The idea of you employing, such a man for a detective is about the funniest thing I have heard in an my uic 'Yes, Charley, but suppose I had engaged a shrewder man — one who might bave found Hermann's nephew — where would you be now ?' asked Cheatham. ' That's true 1 You are generally right in such matters. But, nevertheless, if you take it for all in all, and look at it from the inside, it's the funniest case 1 ever heard of, and I am mighty sure I never read of one that at all comes up to 'Unless you can see more than I do,' said Cheatham, ' I must say the case is not so remarkable as you would have me believe, aho reiuama'^ ''''6 — — - the fortunate thing— is your coming back as you did, bearing the name Charles Carpenter—' t- my. own name at that i inter rupted Cavponler. ' Yes, and your own name— as tar as it wont.' . , , „ They sipped their brandy for some -time in silence, watching each other out of the corners of their eyes, and trying to appear very comfortable and quite at °« Curious that that young lady should '? I as good as told her that she had nothing to fear from me.' ' If she could have the house to herself | she'd come back again. I'm sureof that,' said Cheatham. ' If you wore away for a few months she'd return and take up her home here. I'm sure of that.' 'You mean she would return if you remained ?' 'Certainly she would. She respects me as Mr. Hermann's frjend, and I flatter myself that she thinks more of me than any man in the world, despite the difference in our ages. Ah I most of them prefer to be an old man's darling 1' Carpenter was about to answer this with a sneer, when Clay came running into the room, his black face filled with j alarm, and. his eyes principally white. ' 'HVs /I jr 1 He's a wnlkin' 'bnut under de trees 1' gasped Clay, pointing toward the river. ' Who's under tho trees 1' demanded Carpenter. Cheatham, believing it was the ghost of the dead man, sat speechless ; he was not even able to pucker his lips. ' It's de goiumen what uster teach young miss music.' 'Neville?' ' Yes, sail ! hiui dat blocked de game dat night. 'You are sure?'' 'Savt.in o,,l, 1 .mlcul' Carpenter put on the belt containing his knifo and pistols with as much regu larity as he pulled on his boots. He drew the weapons within reach and half way out, to make sure that tbey moved without obstruction, and then said, with i an oath : ' Show me where ho is.' ' Don't ! don't rash into danger, Charloy ! Remember tho law !' said Cheatham, rising and extending his arms, as if he would check his impetuous com panion. ' Doesn't the law protect a man that defends his ownpvoperty against thieves?' ' Oh, certainly !' 'This man comes in that character. You will thank me when he is out of tlie way ; depend upon that.' Carpenter kicked ofl his heavy boot and went out in bis stocking feet. The black man kept noiselessly by his side and led him toward the river, where at length a tall form came to view, stand ing on the extreme end of the little wooden pier and looking out at the water. Like a tiger-cat Carpenter crept down, and as he neared tho man standing there in the moonlight, all his doubts vanished as to his identity. It was indeed Paul Neville ! Nearer and nearer the assassin crawled, and like a snake in the grass he hissed : ' I wish be could know, before dying, what hand strikes the blow.' Undetected by the young man who seemed absorbed in watching the river sweeping by, Carpenter succeeded iu get ting within twenty paces of him. A rock covered with sleepers blocked his way. Over this rock he threw his pistol arm, so making a secure rest for the weapon. It would seem impossible to miss the conspicuous figure, stauding in relief, like, a statue on a pedestal. Carpenter drew his breath, glanced along'tbe shining barrel, and pulled the trigger. Afiash, a crack, a short, sudden cry, followed by a splash in the river — and the figure had disappeared. To he continued. 