Sketcher. SOME STRANGELY FULFILLED DREAMS. BY RICHARD A. PROCTOR IN " BELGRAVIA.' So far as can be judged by ordinary methods of interpretation, it would [?] that in the days when the history of Joseph was written, and again in the time of Daniel, bo dsabt was entertained respecting the' supernatural origin of ill dn?oi, Joseph's ; acoordlnj* to the n?ratiT*,took it _ tor gran ted that Joseph'* dreams indicated ?omethinirwhichwaatoh?pP?? ia the : future. . Whether tf?sy queatiansd the validity of bis' own bttipetatlnA ' is aok altogether elesr.They bated him alter Ida : £rat drKUD, and envied hlm.'we '-.sea told, after his?e?ood: which, shows they feared he be right in his Interpretation; bat, \- Oft thoother .band, they oonspirad together /toalayhim.'whlchsoggeata they entertained com* doubts oa the subject. la fact. wo ar* exprssaly told that when theycQneplred agabnt him, they old, "Behold, this dreamer : oometh; coma : now therefore, aad let ns slay him,"-and?o foffth, "and we shall see ? what Will become of bis dreams." ' monuw,. though ha had , " observed" Joseph's "saying" about the dream: (after rebuking him for telling the storj),aeemsto have taken Joseph's death for . granted: ? "Joseph ia without doabt rent In pieces." Possibly in thoae days, even ma now, dreams ware noticed when tbey were fulfilled, and : forgotten when, as it seemed, they remained ? Ia lib iot?iur, irim the butln iud Mnr Ph*rfifh tfifth BfT* in OBe night, theywere aad (thatia, serious) the morning after: for they coold not under ?? stand what the dreams meant. Bat Joseph -?rid,. "Do not interpretations belong to . GodJ" Doubtlessthis waa the accepted \- belief ia the days when the history ot Joseph. ? waa written. It is singular that the butler, though -he : forgot. Joaeph till Pharaoh's dreamareminded him of . hia fallow. ; prisoner, seems to hare associated the* power of interpreting;. the two dreams ? with the:power, of bringing aboat the ? events supposed ta be portended by the dreamt. " It' came to pass, ashe interpreted to us, ao it waa j me ha restored unto mine office, him he hanged." It is just thus that, in our own time, persons who believe in the claims of fortune-tellers to predict the future, oommonly believe also that fortuna . tellers can to some degree control the future > . aha.-- . : Pharaoh's dreams were rather more fortu nate to Joseph than either his own or thoae of the chief butler and baker. - (It la note worthy how the dreauns ot tho stoiy.run in pahs.) In tact one might be led to surmise . that he inherited something of. the ingenuity ahown by his father'* mother—referring to .? an arrangement, a year or two before Joseph . entered the world, ia which hi* mother showed to bo great advantage, according to modem ideas. Be this as;it may,it waa ? certainly a clever. thought of Joseph to ' suggest that the unfavourable weather ho had predicted might be provided sgainat by appoiatbg a man discreet and wise to look af£nc the interests of Egjpt. Whom w?s Pharaoh likely to appoint but the person who pndfeted thessvsn bad harvests! Evsa ?o, ? in these onr own times, another Joseph told :the?dtUiPhazaoJt who lately ruled over India that years of famine in India can bo . predicted, and their efiects pment?d by ap pointing a man discreet and wiae to leak after the interests of India. And it is curious enough that this modem Joseph seems to have turned his thoughts to his ancient namesake, putting forward the idea that the seven good jeara and the seven bad years were years of many sun-spots, feQowed by years of few sun-spots. Nay, so strangely do these coincidences some times run on all-fours, that the younger Joseph has adopted the idea that the pyramids of Egypt (which were ' once thought to be Joseph's store-houses) were ? astronomical instruments. Now,. it is certain, timngh t.Ma he >"? not noticed, that before the upper half (ia height) ot fcbe great pyramid was set on. the great ascending gallery might have been nsed all the year round for observing the sun at . noon;'and that by using a dark screen at its uppermost or soathern extremiiy, and \- admitting: the sun's light only through a ?mall opening in this enrtaht, a large and woU- tfeScei image of the snn could have been obtained without any telescope, an ? imtga ahowing any large spots which might ' be present on the aun's disc- It would b? a pleasant theory (and all the better suited lor association with the sun-spot-weather theory, in having no valid evidence in ita favour) to suggest that Joseph really ascer tained the approach, of good and bed harvests hy solar observation.. His advice waa that . the fifth part at the bad of Bgypt should he. taken np—that is, stored up—in the seven plenteous years; but the Astronomer . Boy si for Scotland assures as that the numbora five and seven aro symbolised . repeatedly in the great pyramid. Could anything dearer be desired? But although I have been allowing fiutcy to laad me far away from facts, I think it maysafely be inferred from the stray ' of Pharaoh's dreams that the prediction of good and bad harvests was one of the qualities which the Pharaoh'B chiefly valued in their wise men, whether magi or astrologers. ; The story of Nebuchadnez zar's dream is still more singular. I suppose the osoal Service expected by the kings of Babylon from their soothsayer induded the interpretation of all dreams which had: left a {strong imprssrion on the king's mind—dreams like the . night visions of Kliohaz the Tcmanite, bringing, fear and trembling, all the bones to shake. It does not seem to 'hsve entered into the. . ccdiasiy course ot their duties to tall the Mng first what he had dreamed (when he had forgotten), sad afterwards what the ~ dream might aigoity. Indeed, though it ia ' not nvery uncommon occurrence toforgat a dream, yet a drsam which has been forgotten do?a not generally leave a very strong impression, and therefore would not require interpretation. It happened other* wise with Ifebochadnezzar. His .spirit was troubled,-and hie aleep broke frcin him, feeesoss of his dream, but what he had dreamt he coold not remember. His mrfinn hereupon was somewhat crazy; but we most remember there was madne?s ia : tiTg Hnhd. Hfl told the ChaMfrawi?. that if they would not make known to him his ; dream and the interpretation thereof, they \- should be cut in and their houses madea dunghiH." This was precisely the way, one would imagine, to canse them to invenfi& dreaift tot him (heconld not have detected the truth very well), and to have deriaed a suitable interpretation, pleasing in the king's eyes—which to persons of ?hot* ingenuity should nofhave been very ? difficult^*:. ? .'lowever, we nxnat not farther con rider these more ' ancient dreams, but -torn at once to the exatninatian of some of thoee 'i remarkable; dreams of modern V times which have regarded as showing that.dxearaf are really sent in some caaes aa forewarnlngs, or at anyrato as tare i ajudowb-gsofrcalevonts. Ipropotetoconaider ? tbese narratives^widi"special leference to the theory that dreams which teem tobefulfiilod ? aie falfiilod only by accident; 10 many dreams occurring and so,many events, that ; it would in fact be stranger that no such ; fulfilments tfxoold be recognised than that and a clo??r toM *.im t>? dream jpromiaed long Eft, and Jtst to __ U U anrviTe *11 Jiis relatives,' be made the man who thus the omen msnjr ; rich-jadbni?mafrestai?. some aniong ta?ta shocld josm .'rxtaeriingly' atrikiaft. ?? , - There is on? dream? siory which. can hardly bunspUireS bytijee/Mncideacetheory, if tru% la mil its particulars. It is- related by Dr. Abererombie a* deserving of behalf, though linnet oonfese thufc for my ova part I cannot bub think the actual facta : unit have' undergone ooctdderable : before the story reached it* present form. Certainly the case does not' illustrate the occurrence of dreams, as a warning, e6T?ctire or otherwise according to circumstances, for the dream happened ?izaoltsnepaaly with the event to which it mt supposed to relate. Tae. story kaus ac follows (Dr. Abercrombie gives the story in a somewhat* bnt aot essentially, different) tern)s— ' " Oα toe night o( 11th Hay, Ibl3, Mr. William*, of Scorrior House, near Ksdrath, j in Cornwall, woke hU wife, and ia great j agitation told her ol a strange dream he had j ?juit had. He dreamt he was in the lobby of the House ol Common*, and-oaw a man shoot {with a pistol a gentleman who had joat entered 'the lobby, who was said to be the Chancellor. ' Bit wife told him not to trouble himsell about the dream, bat to go to stop again. He followed her advice, but presently woke her again, saying he had | dreamt the sasea .drown.. Yβ* a third time. was the dream repeated ; after wbieh he was so disturbed that, dtsplte bit wife's entreaties than he would trouble himself, no more 1 about the House of Commons, but ? try to sleep quietly, be got np and dressed himself. This was between one and two o'clock ia the morning. At breakfast, Mr. Williams could talk ol aotiusg "but the dream ; and early the same morning ho went to Falmoath, where he told the dream to all of his acqu*in<ancs whom b? me*. Next day, Mr. Tucker, of Trematoa Castle, accompanied by his wife, a daughter of Mr. Williams, went to Seotrior House on a vlalfc. Mr. Williams told Mr. Tucker the cireuniatsncea: of bis dream; 3lr. Tucker remarked that it could oaly be Iα a dream that the Chancellor would he found in th? lobby of the House, of Gunman*. Mr. Tucker asked what sort of man the Chancellor seemed to be, and Mr. ] Williams minutely described the man who was murdered in his dream. Mr. Tucker replied," Tour description is aot at all that of the CbaacttUer, but is Very exactly that of Mr. Ptxceval, the Chancellor of the Ex chequer." Hs aaked if Mr. Williams had over seen Mr. Pereml, sad Mr. William* replied that he had never seen him or had any eommanlcaiiaa of any sort with him; ?ad, further, thak he had never been in the House of Commons in his. life. At this moment they heard tha sound of ai hone galloping to the door of the house; imme dlateJy.after a son ot Mr. WUliama entered the room, and said that he had galloped from Traro,'hs*ing seen a gentleman there who had come by that evening's mall from town, and who had been ia the lobby.of the House of Commons on the evening of the 11th, when a man called Bellmghaat had shot Mr. Perceval, After the astonishment which this intelligence created had s little subsidsd, Mr. Williams described moat minutely the appearance and dress of the man whom he hid seen in his drain fire the pistol at the Chancellor, as also tha appear ance and drew of the Chancellor. About six* weeks after, Mr. Williams, having bui neas la town, went, in company with a friend, to the House ot Commona, where, as has been already observed, he had never, before been. Immediately that he came to the steps ot the entrance of the lobby,he said. '?This place is as distinctly within my recollection to my dream as any rooat in . my, own house," and he mide the same observation when he entered the lobby. He then pointed out the exact spot where BiUiagham stood when he fired, and also that which Mr. Perceval had reached when he was struck by the ball, where he fell. The dress both of Mr. Perceval and Bellmftham agreed with the description given by Mr. Williams even to the roost minute particulars. So runs the story. Of course,' like the rt weQ-aathenticate&" ghost stories, this one is confirmed by a numbe; of particulate which sreTopsa to no other £!**dvaattge than that ot depending, like the rest of toe story, on the saxrawr himself. Is would be utterly abssrd to bate any theory respecting dreams on a story of this sort. Thefaet that oa the: night in question Mr. Williams dreamt about a murder ia the House oi Commons depends oa ma own assertion and bis wife's confirma tion. The details of the dream, the description of Pgrcaval and Baflinghn.n, Mr. Wiluame'a ignorance respecting '? Mr. Perceval's appearance and the arcaogems?t of the rooms in the House of Commons, these sad a number of other matters essential to the effect of the atory, depend on "trust worthy witnesses," wtuwe evidence has in point of fact neves been taken. All these points are like the details which appear in the papers the first few days after the occurrence of eorne "tragic event-" They may be true or not, but they are apt to undergo considerable alteration when the witnesses are actually examined. If we accepted the story precisely as It stands, we should be led to some ratzter startling results. In the fins.place, the eoindds?cea are too aumeruua to be ex plained a> merely accidental. Mr. Williams, or say other among the who* slept and dreamt on the night of the sxardsr, might be readily eseogh belisved to have had a startling dream about the murder of some member of Parliament high in office. Nor could the, trip's repetition of aucn a dream be aurpnsina;; for a dream which has produced a great effect oa the mind Is spt to be repeated. But that the event itself of Perceval's murder should be represented precisely as it occurred to a man who did not know Perceval or , from Adam, involves a multiplicity of relations which could sot eonceiwbly be all fulfilled ssuxalta&eoualy.; Wβ ahould have to admit, if we accepted the story as it stands, thai there was something, I win not say supers natural o* preternatuxal, but outside the 'range of known natural laws, in the drsams of Mr. WuTiame of Sconioz House. Now, the case does not fall under precisely the same category ac those numerous stories told of the appearance of persons, at the BKsaest of their death, to friends or relatives at a flt???V??- In the first'place, most of these stories are themselves open to grave doubt. The person* who relate them are, by their own account, of highly sensitive and readily excitable temperament, and we do not look for perfectly uncoloa?ed narradvee from inch persona. Btt?, even if we accept the general theory that, under certain con ditions, the mind of* dying person may affect in some way the mlad <Sa penon at a distance who Is in some way Ineympathy with the mori bund, we can hardly extend the theory to inelnde strangers. It may not be utterly perhaps, that some physical mode of communication exists by which one brain may receive the same impressions which aSect another—though I mn?V *?{tts I can not see my own way to believe anything of the sort. But we can hardly Imagine that the tarsia of a sleeping person In no way connected with a dying man could be afiacted by such brain- waves.' Every story ot the kind, truthful or otherwise, has described aa Impression produced on some dear friend or relative; so that we should be justified ia thinking (If we believed these stories at all) that brain-waves are especially intended for the benefit of close friends or near of km. It would be a new and startling thing if any man might have a vision of any other person who chanced to be dying; and,' considering that not a minute passes without several deaths, while there are some 1500 millions of living persons, scarcely a day might be expected to pass withont some one or other of the mnUuadlnons deaths of the day finding some oae or other brant among the J3OO millions in the proper frame for receiving the visionary communication by th? brain- wsve method. ? ~ , i \- Nor is it easy to imagine a religiously 'supernatural interpretation of the story. The dream w?i certainty hot sent aa a warn ing, for when WfllUms dreamt his dream, Perceval wm ettber bring murdered, wr mi already detd. Tie evrat could produce bo biiicficial iaflaence on lovmklad generally, o> os the Euellth people apechliy, or the Corciih folk atitt .more ?psd?Uy. Tho comber of-periou? who csuld te.c?rt?in ttut Mr. 'Waiiam? waa telling the truth (tlways on our; present assumption that: this wu th* owif) were very f?w—in fact, only Mr. and aire. WiUutse, Mr. Tucker, end perhaps one or twt> 'rion<J? ' who. retaembared that the detail* of the murder wen coramuaicatoA before the news could have reached Mr. "Williams. ? -One ? do*s not readily see how 'Williams himself-was to be beneficially ? influenced by his remarkable experience. Moot of those who heard tho etory would sit in tho seat of the scornful, and receive no benefit,: but harm. 1 The idea generally 'entertained, and most probably by Williams as' well as the rest, would bd simply this, that if it was worth while to let a miraculous vision of Per ceval's murder appear to anyone, it would have been well to have; lot the vision appear before the event, and to some one not living- quite bo far from town. Not, indeed, that the warning might aave Perceval; for in ra*Uty it is a bull ot the broadest sort to imagine that a true virion ot a murdsr c<q prevent the murder. . Bus a warning dr*un might serve uaefol pnrpotee without pnvcatiag the event it indiated. It ? man dreamt that he was to die in a week, and believed the dream, he would have no hope from the advice ot his doctor, or from any other, precaution*: he mlcht m?ke agahuit droth; yet he would usefully employ the week in arranging hi* afhirt. But it could be of no earthly use to Perceval, or an;os? elae, that a vision of his death ahould sopaar in triplicate' to some one down in Cor&?all on the very night When (he trazedy occurred in london. (To be contiKuuLJ 