ANANIAS EXPOSTULATES. TO " MELBOURNE PUNCH." SIR.—I am enabled by the help of a circle of spiritists in Melbourne to speak again after a silence of nearly 2000 years, and I trust that in the eternal interests of truth you will give a place in your paper for what I have to say. I am the most unhappy ghost in spirit land. The prominence that has been given to my name in your columns is wearing me down to a thread. 1 have numerous descendants in your city—principally in the pawnbroking and bill-discounting line, and one who is an authority on Exhibition matters, though he disowns me—and it is very hard to hear them throwing dirt on their ancestor's beard, as they do every time they use my name in the way you have taught them. It is neither fair to the Age nor to me. It isn't, upon my word. You libel me by the comparison, and you don't do justice to the splendid powers of your contemporary. You damage us both, and you don't give expression to the idea you want to convey. JuBt let me give you a brief abstract of my history, and you'll see what I mean. I was borna Jew. I became a Christian. In the ardour of my new faith, I promised to give up all my " little swindles." But my wife got at me. Religion was good, she said—faith was a great blessing, —but I had children, and I was bound to look after them. I " sold a possession," and instead of giving up all the proceeds, which I should as a primitive Christian have done, I " kept back part of the price," and " brought a certain part and laid it at the Apostles' feet." But Peter was up to me. He knew the trick I had played upon him, and he at once charged me with deceit. Did I attempt to brazen it out? Did I tell another falsehood to cover the first? No, Sir! Overcome with shame and confusion at the reproaches of the Apostle, and the stings of my own conscience, I at once " fell down and gave up the ghost." George Washington said to me the other day, when I was complaining of the way you compared me to the Age, that there was very little difference between him and me. " I couldn't tell a lie, old man," he said, slapping me on the back; " you couldn't survive one." Now, Sir, need I add anything to this ? Ask your own conscience if you act fairly to either the Age or to me when you call it Ananias. Is the Age a professing Christian? Has it ever undertaken to give all its possessions to the cause of religion ? Has it only been found out in one lie? Has it given up the ghost when its falsehood and greed was brought home to it ? There would be rather a queer collection of ghosts knocking about the editorial sanctum of my namesake if one were given up for every cracker of his that has been exposed ! I am Bure you have no wish to act unjustly towards me, and I appeal with confidence to your sense of fair play when I ask you to cease calling the Age after me,—Sorrowfully yours, ANANIAS. 