HOW A SAILOR RODE WITH THE CZAR.— A FORECASTLE YARN- " The queerest scrape as ever I got into 1' said old Jack Hawkins, " was when I was quite a young cbap, makin' my fourth voyage to Rooehis. TltaCs a qoeer place, mates. if yon like ! and the lingo s as queer as the conntry. I'd lamed to talk it a bit by the time I'm tellin' on, for one of onr crew was a RooBbiao, and I picked it np from him. But 1 tell ye, 'twas as tongh a job as shapin1 yer coarse io a fog. with no enn to take a hobservation by. When yon want to Bay " Thank yon,' yon've got to sing ont ' Blackguard ere yon,' which don't sound pnclite nohow. Then they call a speech a ' wretch" and a visitor a ghost,' (the last sort o' visitor I should like, and instead of ' Indeed f they say 'Sam Daly ;' and some o' their names are things like 'Comb-hie- hair-off,' and ' Blow-my-oose-off.' " Altogether, it's a qoeer twietified kind o' lingo, jiat what yon Slight expect from foreign lubbers. What riled me snort when I fast went over wee that everybody kep' on callio' me a mattreu , and I'd punched two or three fellera' heads for it afore I found ont that 1 mattress,' (malross) ia their word for a sailor. Jist think o' that, now, "I can remember as well as if 'twee' only yesterday, whet en outlandish place Sr. Petersburg seemed when I fast est foot ia it. Coachmen in bine frocks and led eaehes. nurses with pasteboard crowns on, cbnrob towers plaited with gold, policemen with eworda at their sides, house porte-s rigged out in sheepskin, wooden honsea painted green end yeller— fact, there was no end <n the qne>r sights all about. And when I got to know their talk n bit, it seemed quite as ontlaodish to bear 'em call each o .her John, the son of Peter,'' or ' Pahl, the son of James.' 'steed o' handlin' one another's names ship-ehspe. "And then, again, talk o' brin' tfirri / why, this here plank 'od be a joke to 'em. If one of via frigrtet «ru to be etuck all over :trtth Rooshiant heads, she would want no armor-platin,' Now I'll jist tell yer s Udnfki it atari r«h tey io»n4iyoB; end yon oan believe it or nott as you like. One day, when we was a-iying in the river alongside -o the Ojtrofl Qnay, oar -old man calls rip a RbosluanJad thaVosed to do odd, jobs for him,- andgirei himtwo twenty-kopeck : piecei (which are much the same as an English sixpenoe, or a 'Mori oan dime), tellin' him" one on em's to go for bread, and t'other for 'bacoy — which was all plain Baffin' enough, one wonld think. " Well, away goes Dmitri, and doesn't oume baok. Si then the old men be slugs ont for me, and be eays, ' Hawkins.' says be, ' just go and see what's gone with Dmitri, ru be bound the yonng dog has made a mess of that job.' "So- off I goes to .the shop where we need to bay onr things, and right at the; veiy door I comes on Dmitri, soratohin' his head, and tonkin' as if he'd clean Ice! whet' tow wits be ever had. . "Says I to bim, 'Hollo, mite, what's op? " Says he, ' What ever am I to dot I've gone a»d mixed the two pieces, end now 1 drn't koow which was tbe oue for the breed, end which was the one for the 'baccy.' " Bnt I mart coil np tbe sleek a' my yarn, or Fll never git it all in ; so now to tell yer 'boot that scrape o mine. " flight on the river bank, near the Had- miralty Bailding, there's a stattey of Peter tbe Great, pnt np by the Hempress Cath erine 'bont a bandied yens ego; and a real grand affair it is — for Booebia, It standi on a bigblooko' gray granite, as was dragged all tbe way from Finland o' purpose. ftfcrSi on a rearin' horse, pointin' across the river to where he fast began baildin the town ; end there's a serpent crumpled np npder bis bbtae'e feet, an sign of his ridiri the high bone over tbe — »i«— i ways o' the 00 nutty. "Well, I was passu' this stattey one night, oomin baok from a jollification with eomeo' my obnms, when (I don't know how it waa) It came into . my heed ell at once what a joke it 'ad be to climb op and ait npon tbe hone. So I scrambled over the ratlin', end up I goes. " It wee no easy job oHrnin' over the slippery granite, I Otn tell yer; but pre sently I got hold o' tbe serpent's tail, and then o' tbe horse's, and worked my way np as If I was climin' the ahronds. The horse's hind quarters wee a ticklish bit, hut I managed it somehow, and there I est obeekby jowl with old Peter, as snog as yon please. "But it warn'c quite so sung in another minnteor.two ;for e cold wind came aweepin' np from the river, and with that and the cold metal I waa aittin' on, my very teeth rattled in my head. Time to be gettin' down again, thinks L "Jist then I diskivered that 'git down' wee easier said than done. I oonldn't turn ronnd, and I cooldn's see where to pnt my feet without it ; and as for alidin' down at .hep. bsxsxd, 'rain's likely I'd try that, with a fivs- and-twenty foot fall 'tween me and the pave ment. Fact, I was in a regular fix ; and afore 1 could makeup my mind what to do, X bared the tramp of a police patrol. Jist as they passed one fellow Shouted, ' Hrllo ' and they all stopped. I kept mom, faopin' they hednTI seen me; when whet moat I do bnt give a sneeze fit to wake the whole town I- " ' I thought so,' ones the ohep. . Come down, yon fellow, come down dlreotjy.' " 'All very fine sayiri come down,1 lays L ' bat how tbe dickens am I to do it f "He most be an Englishman,' aaye one, Ivan, go for a ladder. " The ladder c.me, and up scrambled two fellows, and hauled me down like a sack of floor. I w« too numbed by this time to show fighlj even if it had been any good ; ao the fellers jiat marched me straight off to the watch-noose, and looksd me op for the night. "Next mornin' I was had np afore the Judge, and when tbe old chap sees ms, be Bays, with a grin, 'Aha; Angliski matroaa' (an Eogliah eailoi), aaif that was quite enough to ecoonut for whatever I might have done. When he'U. heard the charge he axsdmeif I poke Koiwhieo, and finding I did, after a fashion, he told me to spin my yarn. So I paid it ont pretty much as yon have it now. "At every -word I said the old fellow robbed bis hands nod ahnakl-d like anythin' ; and the minute I'd done, he jist lay back in bis chair and laughed as if he'd boat all so bite. " Well,' aaye he, wipin' hie eyes, 'that's the best story I've heard this year, or my name's not Pnrliipjff. But yon really moat not play snoh tricks Acre, my man ; so I'll fine yon five ronbles, and mind yon don't do it again.' " " F«vo roubles !' says I; that's a pretty high fare for a ten annates' ride.' _ " 'Can's be helped,' "saya he ; if yon wtU ride with the Czar, yon mast expect to pay first-class fare.' " ' All right,' eays I, here's the money ; but the next time I ride with the Cz-r I'll git out afore they come round for the tickets.' " 