MORE GHOST-STORIES UNVEILED. An American family resident in England oc- cupied a large old-fashioned, house in one of the southern suburbs of London. They kept two or three small but very valuable birds in a light cage inside their dining room window. The cage rested on an odd-shaped sort of stand, made of hollow tin, painted green, having one leg in the centre supporting the cage, but spreading out at the bottom, and apparently resting flat on a square piece of smooth oilcloth. But in reality the stand had three small American casters inside, by which as the whole was very light, it was easily and readily removed about if required. The family were remarkably neat and trim in their ways; the cage always stood in the middle of the square oil- cloth, and that again just in the middle of the window. One morning the servants, on enter- ing the dining room found the stand moved out of its regular position, and resting sideways, at the edge of the oilcloth. Little notice would have probably been taken of this at all when, on inquiries being made throughout the family and servants, it was found that no one had ever touched the bird-stand, far less removed it out of its position in the centre of the oilcloth. In- vestigations and inquiries alike were vain ; the stand was repeatedly found to have been moved first to one side of the oilcloth, then to the other; but as nobody ever appeared to have done it, the family found themselves in the greatest per- plexity, to account for it; and matters began to look desperate, when the real cause of the mys- terious movements was discovered by the merest accident. It happened that one of the sons was one night sitting late in the dining-room, waiting the return of a brother from the country. H appears to have dropped asleep, and the lamp to have gone out, when, just as he woke up, he was aware of a peculiar soft sort of scratching noise proceeding from the direction of the cage. Knowing that the birds must be fast asleep at so late an hour, without moving hand or foot he quietly raised his eyes, and saw, by the bright firelight, the stand slowly moving off towards the right ! 'Ho, ho !' thought he ; 'here's the mystery of the moving bird cage;' and kept his eyes intently fixed on the stand. With many stops and little jerks, it was proceeding, in a wraggling, odd sort of way, to the edge of the oilcloth , when a big heavy lump of coal fell out of the fire with a loud crash, into the fender; which had the effect of frightening a couple of large mice, both of which had been busy at work under the stand, but, alarmed at the noise had run out from the oppo- site side, and disappeared under the window- curtain. Here, then, was the mystery at once explained. A hole in the skirting-board, concealed by the curtain, admitted, these audacious little intru- ders, who were attached to the spot by the bits of bread, sugar, corn, or seed which were dropped or spilt all around the cage and under the stand; and one caster being a little higher than the others, enabled the sagacious little foragers to get in underneath on that side ; and their attempts to get out or pick up grain, just under the broad edge, easily caused so light a structure to move on its casters over the smooth oilcloth, until ob- structed by the thick Turkey carpet on which the cloth rested. I will conclude with just another story, par- taking like the last, more of the ridiculous than of the sublime, which was related to me by a relative, now deceased, who was staying in the house, many years ago, when the occurrence actually took place. Another, equally ridiculous, took place in a house situated on the north-west coast of Devon- shire. It was large and very old-faahioned, with immense cellars, long, passages, &c.; ; and there was a legend devoutly believed in by the villa- gers, that a notorious and peculiarly wicked and wealthy smuggler, known as 'Old Peter,' had committed suicide, long years before, in one of the caves amongst the rocks just below the house, rather than be taken by the soldiers who were in hot pursuit of him. It was also believed that these caves once communicated with the cellars of the mansion above ; and that Old Peter's ghost on stormy nights often walked about the rocks and caves, and even the mansion itself, looking after his many sacks of gold, said to be hidden or buried somewhere thereabouts ; although no body could ever be found who at any time had seen him either in the house, on the shore, or indeed anywhere at all. One summer night the household were greatly startled by one of the maids, in a fearful state of fright, declaring that on going to the cellar to draw the beer, she saw an appalling sight at the end of the dark passage - namely, a frightful and, what was far worse, a luminous ghost, with great glaring eyes and wide open mouth ; which, of course, could be none other than Old Peter himself, because the old rascal saluted her with a terrible groan!'One of the men-servants at once entered the passage, but far more quickly retreated from it, with blanched face and staring eyes, declared it was quite true. One or two others just popped in, only to run screaming away; but all confirmed the statement of the undoubted presence of a hideous fiery ghost, with huge burning eyes, which every one, without a moment's hesitation, at once settled must be the veritable old smuggling villain Peter — it could, in fact, be no one else. The proprietor of the house, Mr S----, now appeared upon the scene ; and on being informed that the ghost of Old Peter was in the cellar passage, at once divining the true state of the case, he called for lights, and bade those who were not too great of ghosts to follow him, and he would soon show them how to manage Old Peter. One or two of the servants — but by no means all — plucked up courage to obey, though with trembling steps. As they entered the passage, whilst the heavy old door closed behind them, the same hollow groan which had so startled the maid was again heard, and found to arise simply from the grating of a very rusty old hinge, which Mr S---, immediately pointed out. Then pro- ceeding down the passage straight up to the end, they found Old Peter looking fearfully hideous, and still glaring in all his fiery radiance ; when Mr S--- , holding aloft the lights, bade his terri- fied followers say truly what they there saw. ' Why, I declare if it beant only the big ling what Measter catch'd in the bay t' other day!' And so it really was, and nothing more a splendid ling, nearly five feet long, which was suspended by the head, about six feet, from the ground, at the end of the long passage ; and being a little stale, the whole fish, was phos- phorescent, and beautifully luminous in the dark. The great round eyes no doubt had a pe- culiar glare ; whilst the open gill just below would, to a startled imagination; look not unlike an open mouth. But for this simple explanation, a good story, would soon have got about that Old Peter had been seen in the cellar passage of the hall ; and as the sight, had been witnessed by several per- sons, It must as a matter of course be strictly true. And thus it is no doubt that many of the so-called, ' ghost-stories ' occur, and get repeated again, and again, until at Iast they come to be steadfastly believed in by foolish and credulous people. 