Our Queensland tatter. BRISBANE, November 19. Éîast vre have signB ot summer weather. Then re been frequent showers during the last fort ;ht. The country is groen again, and this raii ! not been limited to the coasr, so that th< {prospects of the season ara hopeful. Dr. Ban Äroft's, experimental wheat growing haspreviousl: "¡peen referred to. The final results may now bi Îtated, and they are not encouraging. A fey reeks ago a'l the varieties, European, Cali foruiaii, and Indian, looked well, even promising Wat the rust came, and a hot wind, hutu of then $oing their wicked -work so effective!; that there is little left to tell of an; ?I the varieties, except one, a Btou pong-bearded. Indian grain, which has defiei Avery thing. Hard anl vitreous in its nature, i M not attractive in appearance, and a mille cwould not buy it by preference for grinding. Bu **rho can tell what virtues this variety may ye Pjse? The real nourishment to be extracte* wheat is not alwayts present in cur fines , and if tiiia is th» wheat which sup tue food and the undoubted stamin: the men and women of' the Punjaub «re need not despair. If, in addition .to this « will resist the rust, which haa hitherto defied us #hen the Dr. may have made a discovery of th vreatest value. Everything which glitters is no field, and the finest.white flour does not alway v Stake'the best of bread', BO that after ali thi S&dian; grain, bearded like the pard, may be ver; Kaoh better than ir, looks, if it suits the climate Jt any rate we are much indebted to Dr. Bancrof Sor hie experiments. If the Cai fornian apr in ¡ Ärheat and the magnificent Champlain fail us 01 mko coast, it has been demonstrated at any rat jshat this Indian variety will stand the climate «nd it will be our own fault if we do not'lind ou ¿boro shout it. Sugar, however, ia the great " native industry' ' now in tue ascendant, and bids fair to eclipse al kythera of the agricultural .kind. . One of the lates '.apera describes the work of Fowler's «teas .{doughs on the Airdmillan Estate. This planta \- ti on is situated on rho delta of the Burdekin, an< appears to be managed in an enterprising way Sana the steam ploughing th ere id not experimenta jboly. Within the last six months 700 acres have apeen broken up and completely pulverised b> ' 2hoae grandest of all cultivators. Twe of Fowler'i «¿-horsepower engines have done it, and done i Snore thoroughly than any amount of ordinär] ... sloughing and cross ploughing. The cost of thii ? Sloughing is estimated variously at from 10a t< Sfôaanacre, according to whether it is easy oi ¿, ^aflt* whether foots abound or not, and so on ' If steam, can-thus bs enlisted<£:in the in pastry, it must command a great success. When TOI©- thinka of the Blow but sure old bullock yearn fi, toiling away at.their tough job, and whex y .compare them with the uncompromising Bawler's, never at a loss, and never lost BO SBK ai they can secure the services of an , Engineer and a wood and water joey« ene Äeee how much may be done even ina tropical .. ?; -animate, for steam, after all, is the grandest of all jèopliea, abd if this can bo done on the coast lands, 5jre may be sure that onr mnclpnes will find their yày inland also. Already two more double seta .Java been ordered for Mackay, two for the herbert, and one for the Burdekin. It is antic!, baited that within 12 months the whole of these «fil be hard at work, and that means a vastly . uoreaeed breadth of land under sugar cano. Al J*n4y the production of sogar is considerable, Daring the four weeks ending November ll, 1352 pons of manufactured sugar were exported from Ahe three porte of Mackay, Maryborough, and -Vriabane. . In politios there is not much stirring. The jPrösnier was last heard of from Aramac, bound sp the Diamantina country. Qeneral Fielding ^nsat Cloncurry on the 20rJ»«f October, and most Jnv be nearing hie destination an the gulf, lt ai supposed that Mr. M'Hwraith will meet him on %ts, way baot, and that the>y will come ia by falwidw, Charter» Towers, «nd Townsville. Xmmm it will be decided whether the Trans. SebttoensI sóvVeme is to be carried out W not: Mr. Kliwraith sticks to it that m will go on i?r m'ta : pf everything, onsjf .assumes, o>! oourse, that the railway syndi jP>t«> will not bask ont of it by making fresh tB^msnds which, cannot be conceded. Ia that case 4)*» shad no* hear mach more of the Transoonti >Mrtnl fox tbs present. SQ prophesies Mc Qrit «fltiav If th« Transcontinental SOBS« be made» < ^though he does t»t say that lt m tut be, then he «Maka that we shall hara to borrow the money. JSat then how are 230,000 people to find ¿88,000,000 more on the top of th« JCH,000,000 they .Jsàve already borrowed ? Thu question of indebted :f|«s* : is on« of tho topics being now . yacttgsgd on the Darling Downs at tb» election ?or«, member which ianow on. Mr. Kates, one of *W members for the district, had bess rather set «post by toms o# his constituents, because he had excessed an opinion that, if thé Canning Downs friert j was not cut np and resold, it would be irary little usa to make the Killarney railway ytach was authorised last session. Mr. Estes is tanr anxious that the Government itself should , «Odertak« the respouBibibity of buying back som« sf these big properties which have been 1pV0-empted and dummyed, and that they 3%oald theu out them up and resell them. Taking .fence, however, at the freedom of tbe eritioism < Mpplied to him, Mr. Kates resigned, and has now Mered himself once moro for re-election. But he Jisiot to be allowed a walkover, Mr. Allan, of fTOuranbah, ha« reaponded to a requisition, and Ul fight thc s«at with Mr. Kates. There is fong anti-Ministerial feelir sc in the district, raavowod Ministerial candidate would scarcely à a chance, but Mr. Allon has startod on independent ticket, and this, taken in ection with his personal popularity, it is supposed, give him a fair firospeot of success, lt is rather a remarkable ¿Ot that several members of Parliament who Jiave lately been returned.as "independent" ^members have, siuco their election, stuck very atlas« ja the Government. A day of reckoning. ? i ...-:-~ however, will come. The dissatisfaction whioh ia felt, where it exißtB, is not baaed upon any very pronounced political difference between the two parties. The Government ie recognised as not wanting m ability, but it is regarded as domineering. Every thing has been done with a high hand. Apart altogether from the steel rail reminiscences, which no reports and no resolutions of the House will completely efface from our recollection, there exists a feeling that Parliament itself has been mastered. The agreement with tho Queensland National Bank dominates everything. It is quite possible that the command thua obtained over the large Government balances may be ad vantageously administered for the general benefit of the community, and no ono can dispute the financial »kill shown by Mr. M'llwraith. By a dexterous appropriation of the money derived by the previoua Government from the sale of lands for tho special purpose of railway construction ho has squared our accounts, and thus escaped the perils of- fresh taxation. By an equally dexterous and lavish application of borrowed money to the requirements of the constituencies, be has eatiefied their demands. Thus everything has been kept going, there has been no pinohing, trade ia pretty brisk, and money has been coming freely into the country; yet there are skeletons m the cupboard, which are not quite reconcilable with the fair front which we present, and it is a ' conviction of this that wo have not yet quite laid 1 the ghosts of the two laßt sessions which prevents 1 us from believing thut wa have sufficient ¡y atoned for our shortcomings. It is this more than anything else which will indispose people to entertain the 1 Transcontinental proposals Mr. M'llwraith has in ' store for them. These proposals, it may be feared, will be looked at apart from their essen 1 tial merits, and they will probably be regarded as >' great transactions which will bind us for better : and for worBe to Mr.M'Ilwraith. It maybe doubted very much whether people would like that. They recognise his ability, but they dread his. para . mount influence. Mr. Griffith, on the other ' hand, is regarded as a man of incorruptible 'integrity, but, singularly enough, it is . thia very character which diminishes his ? influence as a politician under existing circum stances. He pleads for jçreccdent and propriety, and there is a dread that neither good precedent 1 nor wholesome propriety can bo urged in favour of a great deal that has been perpetrated during 1 Mr. M'll wraith's tenure of office. Still, it cannot be said that Mr. Mcilwraith is not a Liberal, and he has a dash about him which rather excites the imagination. Mr. Griffith, on the other hand, though the leader of the Democratic party, is somewhat wanting in imagination, and is al» moat severely practical. What we really require at the present time is a sharply defined political-iBsne-a land question, an education question, or a grave constitutional difficulty which "would give ns something serious to fight about. -It ie the duty of politicians tb'provide their parties with a good cry-something not too personal, on which the people can expend their surplus'energies, for without well-defined anta gonism on recognised issues, the pursuit of poli tica may become the avocation of mere sordid adventurers. 