THE DESTRUCTION OF THS OPERA-HOUSE AT NICE. From the Home Xevt 1 It appears that a veiy large proportion of the loss cf life in connection with the above calamity is attributable to the serious error in constructing the theatre of having omitted tu provide sumcient tacuities for the egress of a. I large audience. Tbose who were in the stalls i and in two or three lower tiers of the boxes ' were able to escape, but the more namerou | crowd who had occupied the npper tiers and I the galleries were hopelessly jammed oa the ; stairs and in the doorways, wtere tha darkness ! increased their alarm. On the stairs leading i from the galleries eone persons fell down, aad i were themselves fallen over by others ere loug, j so that those who were trying to make thair way down it in total darkness found i: birred by a homan wall, while soon the smoke niching the place added the dangers of immediate soifoci tion to those already apparent. Some few jumped out of window to meet death in their fall, and two or three o;hers were seriously hurt by jumping over into the hall bcloff. Wflea the firemen, the sailers of the squadron in harbour, and the soldiers arrived they had to take the lamps from carriages outside in order to see their way up the staircase through the smoke. Oa the upper landings thty found complete barriers of human bodies, from which it was only with the greatest difficulty that a few were extricated. Most of them were dead, either from the pressure of the crowd or suffocation from the smoke. A very few were restored to life after much care and exertion. Outside a vast crowd watched the progress of the fire, the flames rising to a great height, while pieces of blazing wood and red-hot charcoal were carried across the housetops, some falling even into the harbour. The soldiers risked their lives freely in their endeavours to save those of others, and at length General Carrey de Bellemare, who assumed the command, found it neceesary to forbid farther risks of their own safety in efforts, which had by this time become futile. There is every reason to believe that some of the soldiers and sailors, as well as two firemen, have lost their lives. The state of the building after the fire had been put out showed how appalling was the catastrophe. The stairs leading to the galleries were covered with a confused litter of hats, coats, clothing of every kind, boots, gloves, opera-glasses, fie. The walls were covered all along their length with great blotches of blood, which are to be found even near the bottom of the stairs. Many of these traces may have been from the hands of these engaged in carrying out some of the sufferers. The stage and saloon have been entirety destroyed, and the fittings of the theatre, boxes, so., have all become a mass of cinders and ashes. The City of Nice is in mourning, and the Mayor has issued a procla mation setting forth that any public rejoicing for any event is impossible in the face of this calamity, and the fetes which were to have taken place cannot be given. The cost of these fetes will now be devoted to the alleviation of the miseries caused by the catastrophe. Amongst the victims by the fire four English names appear. They are as follows: — Eliz* Kennedy, eighteen years of age; Catherine Kennedy, twenty -two years of age; their brother, and Mrs. Hagnay. They were all natives of Edinburgh, and were studying at Nice, under Bignor lamperti, and were in the theatre at the time of the explosion. They were all of great promise as singers. A feeling of much regret has been expressed in Edinburgh at the calamity which has thus befallen Mr. Kennedy, the Scotch vocalist, the father of the above named, in the Ices he has suffered. These young people left Edinburgh about three weeks ago for the purpose of pursuing their studies under Signer LampertL The son, Mr. James Kennedy, who was twenty -five years of age, had for a long time assisted his father, and was possessed of considerable musical talent, while the two daughters only recently appeared in public, and they also gave promise of t successful career. Mr. Eobeit Kennedy, another member of the family, who happened to be at Milan at the time of the disaster, went to Nice and recog nised the body of his brother and sisters. In a telegram to his father he stated they were recognisable beyond the possibility of doubt. About 100 bodies are still supposed to be lying in the rnias, which are now being cleared away. According to those who escaped, no words can describe the horror of the scene which ensued in the dark lobbies while the flamea were licking the proscenium and the heavy smoke from the burn ing scenery was gradually stifling those who were trying in vain to force their way onwards through doors slocked op with the bodies of those who had fallen down fainting to be trampled under foot Colonel Fisher, who com manded the 11th Regiment, stationed at Nice, was in the theatre with his wife and daughter. Providentially all three managed to make their escape, but the colonel's sword, left in the box, has since been found in a half-molten state. Madame Bianca Donadio, the prima donna in whose honour 'Lucia di Lammermoor' was being sung, had just left the stage when the explosion took place. She did not know her way about the theatre, but surprised in .the dark by the first rush {of affrighted chorus siDgers, she was literally carried oat into the street before she knew where she was. Others of her colleague* were not so fortunate, for a number of them are still missing, though it may fairly be conjectured that the majority have been taken into the houses of people in the neighbourhood, where their hurts are being attended to, and where they are recover ing trom the hurts they have received. The basso Cottoni'a body has been identified, and fears are entertained that the tenor has shared the same fate. Signor Oottoni was a young and promising singer. It was not the first time he had been under fire, for he was very nearly burned to death at the conflagration at the Theatre des Arts at Souen. He was to have taken the part of the Ghost in' Hamlet' on that oocasion, and he was compelled in his full suit of armour to jump from a second-floor window into the street. He was caught on some mat tresses, bat he was so much hurt and shaken that very alight hopes were entertained of his recovery. He did get well, but fate appears to have marked him oat as the victim of the de vouring element, for, after escaping at Ronen, he has now been burnt to death at Nice. 