A HAUNTED HAMLET. The Extraordinary Experience of a Stbolung English Plater. I was the leading man. We had been barnstorming' through the provinces for some months, and the season was drawing to . a close. So, too, was the time for a certain note I had drawn when the season began. Not having money enough to purchase my stage dresses, I had borrowed from a London I Shylock, telling him that as a leading man my salary was princely. My bill was already Overdue, when, by some nnlucky chance, my sharp creditor heard of the sm&Uness; of my salary. He wrote fiercely to demand the amount of the bill I had given him, or threatened immediate proceedings. I put him off as well as I could, hoping for some thing to turn up that .might enable me to satisfy his demands. Three nights before we closed my benefit was to come off. I had put up " Hamlet" and " The Road to Buin." My announcing the former of these, much annoyed the manager who had not sufficient confidence in my experience to trust me with the Danish Prince, but he at last gave way. Perhaps his compliance was the more easily obtained through the influence of his daughter Amy, who was to play Ophelia. In the early part I of the season we had contracted an alliance, I not only offensive and defensive, but also I amatory, and with connubial eventualities. I The lightest hindrance to the eventualities j was the extreme smallness of my salary and j the utter nothingness of Amy's. Her father I put her down at a high figure in the treasury I books, but scrupulously, drew the money j himself. J Weil, every bill board bore the announce- j ment, in bills half a yard in length : ( Hamlet, | Prince of Denmark, by Mr. Arthur Stanley : J Ophelia, by Miss Amy St. John ; for rest of j characters see small bills.' Things went J well. Every seat in the boxes was let, and j the tickets for. pit and gallery had gone off so J well that less than the average amount taken J at the doom would overflow the house. 1 The old church clock tolling ihe important J hour of six warned me to hurry from my lodgings to that temple of fame in which I j fondly hoped I had secured a niche for J myself. As I walked along I began to taste j the pleasure of celebrity. Shopmen nudged 1 each other as I passed. A couple of voune ladies whose profession appeared to he ' millinery, looked at me from under their bonnets, and then repeated my name in a ! whisper loud enough for me to hear half-a- I dozen yards from them. €This is indeed renown, I muttered; what matters it that my salary is small when my fame is becoming so great ?' As I said the words, I felt a hand upon my shoulder, and turned, with the glow of exulta tion still suffusing my cheek. Mr. Arthur Stanley, I believe, sir,' said the accoster. ( That is my name,' I replied, txyisg to hurry on. Excuse me, sir, then,' returned the man, ( but you must come with me. At the suit of Moses Cohen, for twenty-five pun ten, and costs.' He handed me a small slip of paper — I Idare say you can guess its contents — and took me by the arm. This is most unfortunate,' I said ; had it been but one night later I should not have minded.' » 'Case of "hook it," I suppose,' said the man. ' On the contrary, I should have been able to have discharged the amount. I suppose 1 you couldn't put off the arrest till after buai- I nefes this evening 1 ' Not on any account,' replied my captor, and I saw that he quite meant what he said, j This, then, was the end of my ambitious j aspirations. Instead of the glare of the foot- I lights and the plaudits of an audience, I was to have the darkness and stillness of a gaol ! j I folded my arms in despair, and defied my fate. J 'Let us go,' I said, 'for tonight was appointed for my benefit ; but no matter, j Denmark's a prison — a goodly one, in which I there are many confines, wards, and dun- I geons 1 Lead on.' As I turned to accompany the bailiff's man, a messenger from the j theatre accosted me. j 1 Oh, Mr. Stanley,' the man said, ' I am I sent to tell yon that we've no Ghost ; Eiggins I has just come in awfully drunk.' j I was about, to answer him when my captor interrupted me, asking me if I had put up 1 'Hamlet.' On my replying in the affirmative, i Tin caij? Via flmnoVif Via nnn1<l linln mo Rfl had been a member of an amateur theatrical club, and the Ghost of Hamlet's father had been one of his most successful attempts. If I liked, he would sustain the part on this occasion, and,- thus keeping his eye on me, would postpone my arrest until after the performance. I saw that vanity instigated the offer, hut, as, drowning men clutch at straws, I accepted the proposal, and hurried off to the theatre with all speed, accompanied by my obliging Nemesis. In the difficulty the manager consented to my supposed friend's offer, and, a few hints sufficing to take the place of rehearsal, half an hour before the curtain was to rise saw the bailiff's man donning the armour of the inebriated Eiggins. Up went the curtain, to a house crowded to the ceiling. The tragedy commenced with every promise of success, my reception was most flattering, and the applause which greeted my points almost made me forget the ! presence of my custodian, who watched me I with ever- vigilant eyes from the wing. I was I naturally apprehensive of the manner in which the Ghost would be rendered, but the interview with my father's shade was as satisfactory as it would have been had Figgins himself embodied the spirit, although it must be admitted that spirits w efe peculiarly in his line. As the words, 'Adieu, adieu! Hamlet, remember me,' were uttered, generous ap- ! plause rewarded the exertions of the stage- I struck bailiff. With a sigh of relief, I was 1 about -to apostrophise heaven, earth, and the J other place, when, turning, I saw my father's spirit still upon the stage, j Leave the stage,' I whispered, supposing that my friend had forgotten his exit, j To my horror the Ghost replied, with an t oath, not toud hat deep, that he would see me — - - first. It was in vain that I I reiterated my directions ; the Ghost would not 8 give up. And, feeling that the situation was | critical, I went on With my part, and strove | with extra vehemence to carry the audience | with me, so that they might overlook the presence of the implacable shade. Either the , p audience were not at home with the text, or s looked upon the Ghost's remaining as a new | reading, for they gave no sign of disapproval. Jj When Horatio and Marcellus came on, how- r" ever, their wonder almost brought on the catastrophe, but I urged them to go on, and '' the act drew to a conclusion, with the novelty of the Ghost speaking his injunction over my left shoulder. - The drop down, I showered expostulations I4 on my persecuting father's head, but he turned a deaf ear to them all. 'I'll tell you what it is, guv'ner.' he said ; " 'I ain't wishin' to be at all annoyin' or un- _ gentlemanly to you, but I had to arrest a gent in your profession once, and obliged him by - > waiting until the performance was over, when blowed if he wasn't shabby enough to get taken down a trap at the end, and bolt. I thought of that while I was on the stage just now with you, and, if I leave you again, my mother was a Frenchman.' Without going into the question of his parentage, I promised to surrender myself at the end of the evening, f but it was to no purpose, he was obstinate. In the absence of the manager, who had been luckily called away, I confessed my dilemma -" to the prompter, and he, influenced by good feeling, and the promise of fa, present on the morrow, consented to allow the tragedy to go on, in spite cf my being perpetually haunted. v In a few minutes the tale was in every dressing-room, and ths company choking with laughter ; but, as it was not. an affair of theirs, they did not offer any objection to the con- stant interpolation of. my father's accursed spirit. Polonius's interview was shadowed by his presence, and, although the ancient chamberlain took his leave, the substitute of . Figgins remained a. fixture. Plagued by Bosencrantz and Guildenstern, I was still , more bored by the abominable shade; he intruded upon my interview with Ophelia, listened to the scolding I gave the Queen, and ? looked on while I stabbed Polonius. I felt like a man who on the steps of the gallows receives a reprieve. Alas ! my head was not out of the noose yet. As I was standing at the wing, in readiness for my entrance for the fifth act, I noticed the manager looking on from the other side. I shuddered. I knew his violence and tyranny, - and I trembled at his zage should he stay there to witness the Ghost's unusual presence. C I spoke to the bailiff's man ; I implored him to leave me for the rest of the tragedy ; I -I promised him money, anything he should . demand, but it was in vain. My anxiety to be away from him only confirmed him in his ; suspicions that I wanted to use the oppor tunity to escape. « Despair made me desperate. I called a scene-shifter, and, while I pointed to one of the fly-pieces, as if it was of that I was speak ing, I whispered words of Very different import in his ear. The man nodded and hurried away, while I, to keep up appearances, again begged the Ghost to remain invisible— of course without making any impression upon his obstinate nature. In a minute the scene-shifter returned. ' It's all right, sir, he said. ' It will be arranged- directly.' A glance thanked him. If you still persist in being at my elbow,' - I said to my Ghost, ' I must trouble you to shift your quarters, as I enter at the back of the scene.' He accompanied me as requested, followed by the scene-shifter, and as we stopped I heard the cue given for my entrance. I turned . - to my ally, who stamped sharply on the stage, and, a knock underneath replying to his signal, he seized the Ghost, as the trap upon which they stood opened, and in a moment they were both hidden from my sight. The bailiff's man knew enough of stage mechanism not to venture upon a straggle while descending a trap, and, although he gave me a parting look of reproach and anger, he knew that he was unable to oppose hiB fate, "j Thus relieved in mind, I hurried on for the grave scene with a lightened spirit, and every- - thing went well accordingly. My quips with the Gravedigger, my Yoriek speech, ' Imperial Ccesar, iead and turned to clay,' all brought a torrent of applause, and when I leapt into the grave the whole house was enthusiastic. I had just said to Laertes, ' I prithee take thy fingers from my throat,' when I felt other hands, besides those of. Ophelia's brother, assailing me. I knew too well who grappled with me ; and, assured that the „ tima far p-mnHtnlation 'was unne. I nrenar&d; for a short struggle to get rid of the Ghost, at ? any rate for that scene. At the same moment I heard the deep tones of the 'manager, but in the confusion I could not understand what he said. I bad Dot long to wait, however; before I saw the execution of his orders. , The first Gravedigger, advancing from the - back of the scene, seized the Ghost by the arms, and, giving him a preparatory swing, slung him on his shoulders and walked off the stage with him. The violence of the motion had loosened the fastenings' of the helmet, and the final jerk shook it from the bailiff's head, displaying a vasi quantity of unkempt carroty hair. The house was in a roar, and when, amid thb din, the angry Ghost was heard threatening in language far from Shaksperean, and certainly not polite, the audience seemed a congregation of lunatios. : I jumped from the grave, but soon such a storm of laughter hailed me that, with one look of terror at the audience, I rushed, off the stage as I heard the manager's indignant orders for the prompter to ' ring down.' I did not dare to aBk the manager to renew for next season. I knew it would be hopeless. - I lost no time w writing for engagements elsewhere, but I met with constant rebuffs. ; One manager declined negotiation, ' as he did not keep a bailiff's man in the theatre.' Matters at iast became serious ; the fends remaining : from my benefit were gone. A vacancy for a j clown occurred. I replied as Signor Antonio, : obtained the engagement, and, six months after I bad played Hamlet for tnv benefit, I j went, on as a clown in a panic mime. 'To | what base uses we may return, Horatio !' . to iwai i w i —» m xwtaftAix mr .+ Grave subjects— Those in a dissecting ' room. - | 