She $orilcr Watch, PUBLISHED BVKBY WBBNE8DAY AXD SaTUBDIY MOBNIJiG. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 20, 1881. THE CHANGE 07 MINISTRIES. REIDEBS of Mr. Hawker's speech, explanatory of his reasons for abandon inu the task of forming a Ministry, will come to opposite conclusions re specting it. Some will hold that he took a manly straightforward course when he could not get a colleague in the Upper House to hia mind, while others will think that he ought to have tried further than he did. He only asked two members, and leaving out of count the two members who had made themselves obnoxious by their hostility to the late Government, it may he urged, with some show of reason, that there were at least several others who might have been asked in an emer gency. Be this as it may, there are few who will think differently from Mr. Waid, "that ho acted throughout with the highest and most hnunrablo motives." We do not think Mr. Ilawker did wisely in eaying so much or in at all referring to his successors ; but though ho spoko in a disparaging tone, evidently anticipating no good from the change his decision had ren dered unavoidable, there is nothing in his career to warrant the supposition that he will bo other than a generous opponent. We believe the new Gov ernment will meet with fair play and due consideration at his hands. That Mr. Golton was not able to tako a place in thonew Government is mattor for regret His experience and pronounced views on the questions that must be considered by Parliament would have beon of great value to the Ministry. These, howover, will still to some extent bo at the servico of tho party. Mr. Colton, though not in the Cabinet, will no doubt be a supporter. Mr. Bray, while informing the House of the commission ho had got to form a Ministry and intimating bis confid ence of being able to do so, naively admitted that ho had then no policy beyond what was in His Excellency's opening speech. It has been gener ally, and we think fairly assumed, that the Opposition prior to and at the election had no policy beyond the desire to get into office; and now that they are in thoy will try to shape one to suit tho palate of tho country, Thoy will act safely in doing so. To a large oxtent tho mind of tho country has been clearly indicated respecting tho Morcan programmo. It wants reform in tho Council; readjustment of the incidenco of taxation; retrenchment; an increase of local self-government; and some improvement in the mode of soiling and loasing tho Crown lands. Dealing with those questions will bo safo ground for tho Ministry, and they will afford them abundant em ployment for one session at all events. The new Ministry may be set I down as p safe one. We shall have no " broad and comprehensive " measures, no " progressive " programme. Not withstanding, wo do not despair of seeipg good useful work done if it is left alono, We have been going fast for some years and can afford to take breath and consolidate the work we liavo done. What we loso iu brilliancy we may make up in aolidity, Wo hopo the Ministry will bo practical and try to do what la within ita grasp. As wo have already pointed out, tiio way in which thoy havo got into oflico ia omi- : nently calculated to lav the LLouso j under obligation to help thorn. If thoy play thoir cards well thoy should disarm serious opposition for some time to come. It would bo absurd to expect tho country to get excited over tho exit of onu sot of Ministers and tho advent of another without knowing that they difler 0110 iota in principlo, or that tho now will bo able to accomplish any thing bottor than tho old. Wo aro disposod to accept the now at their own valuation, and to judge of them as they go on by tho fruit thoy bring forth. If they honestly try to do the country's work, and succeed in blotting out sumo of the anomalies and incon veniences under which wo labor, thoy may reckon on some aharo of tho country's gratitudo and sympathy. | WATER Sdtplv,-A mooting of gentlemen favorable (o getting a water supply for Mount | Qambier wat held on Monday night. There wa« a good attendance. The canvawer* for the pro water memorial reported that about two hundred ratepayers had signed, and a good many in the North Ward had not yet been waited on. They were inttrnclcd to finish their cauvaw without delay. They reported that a good many who had signed tho memorial against had signed the one for, M they rigned the tint under a misapprehen sion ; and (hat a number of others would not sign though they were now favorable, and re gretted the; had tigned the couuter memorial. A lilt of those who had siped the counter memorial was laid on the table, and it was found that twenty of them were not ratepayer* THE ROYAI. Prjwfjs.-Tho young sons of the Prince of Wale* reached Melbourne shortly after four o'clock on Saturday afternoon, and met with an enthusiastic reception. They called on the Oovernor, and afterwards joined their ihip in Hobson's Bay They had a pleasant, though fatiguing journey from Penola to Hamilton on Friday, and were most heartily re ceived at all the townships on the way. At Casterton they were presented with the follow ing neat address :-" May it please your Royal Highnesses -In the name of tho inlmtii'ants of Casterton, the bonier town of the colony, I bid you welcome to Victoria. The colony is yoong, having ticen proclaimed only 30 years, and named after Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen, We are proud of the mother country and right glad to fee her Princes amongst us, and on behalf of the people of the colony, I can assure you of a loyal welcome in every city and village you may enter. May your Royal High nc*$c* lire long, and maintain the honm of the Kmjiire." They made a short stay «t Knirnth to msh the Wannon Falls, which tiny greatly admired. They 1 earlied Hamilton shortly after six run., when about two thousand j eople were in Ihti streets to griet them. Hamilton was brilliantly lit np. They Jeft Hamilton at eight o'clock on Saturday morning. Exn,0sivtft. - At last meeting of the Marino Board Messrs. Hultje & Ri^chbieth, C. Kngclhrceht, M. C'iarkc, A. MscKcand, and \V. Day an'I Co. wtre granted licences to store explosives, the maximum tjuantitio^ being Hxed by the Inspector according to tho regulations, StATiON Sales-Messrs. Raleigh, Aitken, and Co. rejurt having sold the Canoon ana Pimpampa stations, situated 20 miles below Hay, on the north bank of the Mumimbidgec, together with 10,715 ncrfs of freehold land, also, 42,700 sheep, 3S0 cattle, and H horses, to Messrs Austin and Millcar, at A sa'isfactory £rice. Messrs. Kttersbank, Eaglestone, and lann report having soldj on accoant of tho Corona Company, tbeir Victoria blocks, A, B, and D, in the Albert district of New South Wales, to Mr, T, Edgar, ( A Gini,ST.-For aomc wucka the cscapadea of some mischief-hiving tlt-u;.f>oit:<l larrikin, who occasionally paradt-a the streets of Mount (Jambier at a Iat« hour with some thing white o\er him, haa l>ecn the subject «>{ a good deal of table-talk am) no liule alarm to the timid. Most people have a string antipathy to mealing a white rag moving about in the daik, and s i far 110 one who has encountered "The Ghost" haa had the pluck to attempt his capture. I<aat Sunday night a surly coach-driver was vowing in the Mount Gambler Hotel atahles that if ho only got a sight of the miscreant he would make it warm for him. On turn ing out to go home between 10 and 11 o'clock he found "The Ghost" waiting at the corner of the hotel. Instead, luwover, of mahing at the dread object, his courage took tefnge in his h6cls, and before he got backed tip the ghost was gone. Many of the stories about the ghost are undoubtedly imaginary, but there is sufficient reality about the affair to warrant a* in urging that decided steps should be taken to stop the nuisance. So far no great harm has been done, but serious cousequences may ensue if some persou in delioato health or of extra nervous tempera meat is frightened We hope the p.ilico and the Town Council ill co-operate in fording out the miscreant and stopping his games. MR, J. Cuorr has Ik en appointed to succeed Mr. Mann in charge of the Tele graph Office at Mount Gamlncr. rmi.HAU.MOMC SOCIETY.-In tonmjuence of a disagreement Hot Jonas, pianist, ami Mr. E <1 Maytmn, conductor, of the Philharmonic Society, tendered »heir resignation*, and n meeting of the Committee wns held on Saturday afternoon to ewtfider thim. Roth wero accepted Mr Vandroj was then appointed conductor, and the question of appointing A pianist was held over, it being understood that llerr Jonas would re#unie the position. It was resolved to give another conrert in Jniy, nnd Messrs. Vaudrey nu>l Broad were appointed to arrange the programme. Tuk I'utimiuso MATCH.-It has been arranged to hold the annual ploughing inav.h, uttdtr the auspices of the Mount Gambier A>:ii eultural and Horticultural Society, on Wednes day, July 20 It will take pl»-c on .Mr. T II Widiams's Drop Drop farm. The prise list will be arranged on S.iturday, and published next week. Onn VICTORIAN Maii. -Some geninn in the Viciorian poat-olfico has taken it into his head that the proper way to reach Mount Gambier i^ pjVi I'tnola. As a consequence for the last f< w dajs onr mails from Melhonrne have been sent that way. This causes a good deal of incr.n venience, the mail instead of being delivered at 2 p.m. is not delivered till 8 30 p.m. Wo hope the new broom will soon get to know that a mail coach runs direct from Caaterton to Mount Gambier. ON Monday Mr. A. P. Lanrio was declared duly elected a member of the Town Council for the South-East Ward in room of Mr. Williams, elected Mayor. There was no opposition. TUB game shot hy the young 1'riuce.i at Campbell House Station goes home to their father in the trowing room of the steamer Oiuco The lot consists of fonr turkeys and fifteen kan garoo tails, and a saddle of mutton and two sirloins of beef are to he added by Mr. Woodcock. MOUNT GAUDIER STOCK MARKET-Mr, C. BoHe repoTts having sold at the Mount Gambier Sale Yards on Saturday last, on account of Mr. James Curlin-4 steers at 80s each ; 10 steers, at 55s each On account of Mr II Kennedy 12 head of steers, 3 yrs, at 80s oach; 8 cows (in calf), at 55s each } i steers, at 70s cach ; 'and 2 oows (with calves), at £8 15s each. On another account-1129 cross-bred sheep (miied), at Ss 6d per head. Mr. L G. Ehrel reports having sold at the Bnrnr on Saturday last one medium draught mare, aged, £0 Is; 1 piebald hack, £8 2s fld ; 1 unbroken filly, 3 yrs, £4 10a. Cattle.-8 cows, at 20s ; 1 cow in milk, £'216s; two *pringing cows, at A'3 7s 6d j 6 three-year old steers, at £8 6s Id ; 191 merino ewes, aged, a« 2s fld Turkeys at 4s fid and 5s per pair j fowls, 2s 4d per pair. Mr. MARRIOTT, dontisf, desires us to intimate that ho has now returned from hia northern tour, and may be consulted at his surgery, next door to Mrs. Barratt's boarding-house, Commcr cial-street, OHKME-Makino.-There is now a probability that Mr. D. Millar, of Upper Maffra, Gipps land, will shortly transfer his cheese-making business to Mount Gambier, The manager of his factory (Mr. O'Keefle) is now hero making | arrangements to that end. Mr. O'Keeffe has | already been round the O.B. Flat and Yahl dis tricts, and from what ho has seen and heard is satisfied of the prospects. It is honed arrange ments will be made for securing Yahl Hoqse for 1 the factory. This huihling is admirably situated for the purpose, and can bo made to answer at a comparatively small outlay. TUB Court of Disputed Returns has unseated Mr. P. Mnrray for the District of Yatala, having found him guilty, through his ngci.ts, of brifiery. The bribery alleged against him was treating the electors and providing cubs to take them to and from the voting booths Wo should like to know in liow many districts in which there was a con test there was no such bribery practised ? Mr, Murray is the victim of a little spite, Ratepayers' MEETING.-Tenders for the new town hall, according to Mr. J. J. Barrow's design, are to bo sent in to tho Council before noon to-day. A public meeting of ratepayers is to be held to-moi row evening to decide whether they will have the ball built arcording to the de sign first chosen, without deduction, or aerurding to Mr. Barrow's design. Mr. Barrow's plan shows a somewhat plainer building than the other, but many good judges consider that as an architectural ornament tliere is not much to choose between it and the other, and that the Council thought so may bo inferred from the fact that Mr. Pritchard's design was only adopted by the casting vote of the late Mayor. The great desideratum with the ratepayers will, of course, be which will bo the leait costly. The alterations the Council have made in tho specifi cations of Mr. Barrow's design will rniso the cost beyond the intention of tho designer, hut alter native tenders are to bo sent in, and the rate fmyers will thus have an opportunely of saying IOW they will have the building earned out. A Stiuy Deru.-On Friday insr some of tho rmplojfta nt Mr. Ellis's Oooia Station, with dogs, ran down and killed a large «'ag that hud appeared on the rnn, When drewed HID weight oI the rurcaso was 3fi6lh»., BO thai with the head, fkin, ic., it must have been hea*y enough to turn the balani-emt 400)li«. It had a mag nificent head, with antlera two foet long Mr. Ellis distributed the carcase among ei-veral friend*, gj»ing a largo haunch and the head and ekin to Mr W, Thurston, of the Mount Oanibier Hotel, who intends sending the head to Mel bonrno fir prMervation. The animal probably came from the Grampians. Tjik weather yesterday was cold and Imisteroua, and a good dwil of rain fell in the evening. There waa also a good deal of lightning. Tiik race l<ootli« arc to sold tliia fun-* tioou nt th« Mount fJnmliicr Uotfd, CoMPl.tMKNT.UlV TKA AM. MkKTIm:. - On Monday afternoon n puhlio tua was held in tltc Christian Meeting House, dame# strcct, aa a parting compliment to Mr. W. Hindle, evangelist. There was a fair attend ance. In tlm evening a public meeting was hold, over which Mr. A. Killing presided. After praiao anil prayor, the Chairman said the meeting to held to give an opportunity of expressing their very hearty appreciation of Mr. Hindfc's services during the last four or fjvo weeks. During that time he had endeared himself to all who had had the pleasure of his acquaintance, Mr. T. C. Hill also made a few kindly remarks, alter which Mr. Hindlc said that in looking over liia five weeks' laliors he could "thauK(iod and take conragu," He a&smed; the meeting he only desired to live to work for Christ. There should IK: no drones in the Christian hive, as there could IK; no progress in the divine life without exertion. A good prac tical sympathetic Christianity was the great want of the hour, and if only more general would Ire of greater use in promoting the eauno of Christ and saving mhiIs than many sermons. Mr. Varley and Mr. C'rom St made short and appropriate spcicli<*, and at the close of the proceeding* a baptismal service was held, to sec which n good luunlier stayed. Two young men ami one young woman were Kipti&ou; by immersion. MiSiti Hilling and Clark presided at the piano during the evening. I Murjir MUIRHF.au I'viuic Pou.vn - 1m jioundtd-Une white heifer. like i. oif riin.f, about two years old ; one red steor, no brand* visible, a tar on forehead, about two years old ; rnie white steer, no brands visible, reii (in head and neck, tip ot! car j one red row. bald face, iike ccc top near sboti'neT, bach notch near ear ; one red cow, white on belly, and face, like JJ near rump, like jr (conjoined) off rurop, like oili«r brand* off side ; one strawberry l.uii calf, about nine tnontbi old, no brands visible, sup posed progeny of lost cow; one red and white sieer tine vr ufi ri's, like K off rnmp, like in distinct brand olT shoulder, tip near ear; one red and white steer, like J back of near shoulder, swallow on ear. I( not tlaimcd, will be tola Jnly 17, 1631, at nooo.-JOHN MCNEILL, Foundkeeper, 