Bulletin —00— Extracts. A preaclet has been struck off the " plan " fot heartlessly jilting a yonng and charming girl, without an ineome, for an elderly dame with £200 a year. Ob,.you gay tub-thumper 1 The " Cricketers' Bazair" is engrossing the attention of Hobart this week. They say they are going to get a £1000 char* Where is to come from one can hardly tell. Certainly not irom the visitors. But then, perhaps, the officers of tho Foreign " Transports " will assist. Several maid t n ladies interest themselves in illut>cd quadmpede. There may be seen following them in their »*constitutionals" a troop of prize mongrels. OB every article that pastes they (the ladies and the mcngwis) jointly and severally hate a " heye like an hawk." They're the terror ot eabmen. Joe Thompson (" The Leviathan ") and Louis Barnard Weire arrested at Jemsalem, Tasmania, for playing cards in the train on Sunday, and sentenced to one hour's imprisonment. If there IR a law forbidding person to play cards in Tasmanian trains under any circuua- (gtcnces, we can have little to say against the conviction, except that a fine might have met the case; but if, on the other hahd, the defendants, who, by the way, were Hebrews, were fined merely because lliey played on the Christian Sabbath, we consider the decision iniquitous, tyrannous, and disgraceful. It appers that after all the " Emerald" did 60me work in the Islands. They captured one nigger, but 1200 bavc bitten the dust. The defendant in the celebrated Fiji •divorce case—he was the Attorney Geuethe lady in Sydney. Lient. Blank (he's a naval officer, and a foreigner), not thinking himself distingue enough in himself, indulges in eceentricities ef eostame to attract youth and beauty. His magnificence in equestrian attire is worthy of imitation. However,, he has, eo far, spared Hobartonians a sight of that gorgeous light-blue uniform so well known in Svdney The short eoat, I allude to. Teutons dont't look well in short coats. They had strange ways of doing things in Tasmania in days gone by. Among other queer things was their manner ef advertising. Here is a Hobart advertisement of forty years ago:—"Mr. Watuhcrn is seeking assistants, and as inducements states: "Hot Supper Evening, Night, and a Mortal Gorge on Sundays." What would the Coffee Palaces do if Mr. Watchorn's ghost were to start in a feeding business now? At least, he would be kind to the poor waitresses. Filteen responsible mea—theatrical managers and other speculators—applied Co the London owners of the copyright for permission to produce " The Pirates of Penzance" in Australia. The successful applieant was J. C. Williamson. His chances were doubtless favoured owing to the big hit he made with the " Pinafore." " Cavalier C. Romano" says the Hobart girls " kees" 60 nicely, What does " Carlo " mean ? The officers of " R. N. Europa » were most remark* b'y free with their invitatations to dinner. Their hospitality wus better then than their 'disorimina* tion. A certain gay Cavalier and a Hobart brunettee had an exceedingly awkward spill at the last assembly. There was intense excitement in (society " for several days after* 