FORMS WITH CHOSTLY FACES- NEW YORK TMUUXE.1 In the parlor of a pleasant house in one of the suburban towns on Long Island assembled one evening recently a small party invited to witness certain mysterious phenomena, called spirit manifestation by those who believe in the closo connection of the present and the future life. The host was a prosperous New York business man, whose household consists besides himself of only his wife and two ser vants. The visitors were an ex-colonel from the West, a New England manufacturer, and a newsnaner man. all solid-looking persons of more than average avoirdupois ami with no ap pearance of being liable to fall victims to de lusion. The "medium" was a middle-aged woman from Boston, tall, slender and delicate, having a highly sensitive nervous temperament and low vital powers. Her husband, an elderly man, was also present — tlie couple being friends nnd guests of the family. Among the Bpiritu- aiists me maniresiuuuuft oi ims ineiuum are ranked as the most perfect of the kind known. A good deal ha been published about them in tlio journals of the sect, but tho family in whose bouse the medium is now a guest nar turally object to newspaper notoriety, nnd their name and residence arc therefore not given here. The house is a spacious villa, standing in the midst of handsome, welbkapt grounds, On tlio main floor there are two parlors, sepa rated from tbo library and diningroom by a wide balk All the rooms were lighted during the 14 seance," oxcept the front parlor, which'- was separated from the backparlor bydieavy curtains. Tho door-leading. from tbis darkened room into the lighted ball was locked, and tho: shutters of the windows were secured. At eight o'clock the medium came down from her room and lay upon a loungo in the dork'parlor. Several Bhawls were placed' upon her by tbo lauy of the house, although the evening was warm. The six spectators took seats in a semi-, circle about 12 feet from, tho curtained door. First the Lord's Prayer was said by. tho hostess and a hymn was sung. Then a largo music- box was wound and set agoing. After about ten. minutes the curtains wove drawn asido and thero walked out a beautiful girl dressed iu wliito with a long lace veil tbrowntaround her head and over her bare arraa, Sho was greeted in the most affectionate language by the lioBt and his wife as their daughter Lizzie, who- died about three years ago. The face had a curious indistinctness and tlio eyes could hardly lie seen at all, but tho hands and arms looked sub stantial enough, and tho figure advanced with a firm step, its little .white-shod feet peeping out now and then from under tho long white robo. Nothing more hcaullftrl and charming than the appearance of the girl, as she glided across the room could be imagined. Her drapery diffused a delightful perfume, her long veil; was managed with .perfect-. grace, now. thrown half across the face now stretched out ' across tho shoulders and over the arms, and now held aloft with one hand. The figure first stopped to notice some flower on the- console table, then stepped around one side of tho smnicirclu of sitters and pointed to a painting of hersalr which stood upon an easel, and returned behind tho cur tain. Emerging again, she cnino forward and threw licr veil over her father's head, then passed around tho rear of the chairs- and touched each of the visitor on tho head. Her hand was warm and of a velvety softness. As she stood under tlio chandelier where a single shaded light burned,, the reporter stared hard at her face, but it still had a ghostly, in distinct appearance. The apparition went out into the hall, entered the dining-room, returned, and again disappeared . behind the enrtaius Twice slio hc-ld one curtain fur aside so that the company could plainly see tlie medium lying on- tho lounge enveloped in her multitu dinous wrappings. A third timo the girl appeared. She beckoned her mother to come to -the curtain. A whispered conversation was carried on between tho two which tho others could not hear. To the bout and wife this was evidently us much their daughter as t hough she wore still alive. She eanio at all the sittings, tlicy said. Their affectionato delight at seeing her could not havo been feigned. In the course of the next hour and a half eight other figures came out of tlie curtained doir. Two were recognised by tlio Western eolonel, one by tbo New-England gentleman, nnd two by tho reporter. The remaining three were strangers to all the company. All were women -but one. Tlie figures varied considerably in height, size, gait and manner, and tlio garments though invariably white, were of different form and style. All the faces, though plain enough for recognition, had a curious impalpable ghostly look, ond in most cases the eyea were closed. Ono of the most dufinito countenances was that of a relative of a reporter, a woman of strong featured aud strong character, who-died at the age of scveuty. Sho came ou$ to where ho sat, took him by tlio hand, beckoned him to come to the curtain, whispered two words in his ear in a strange, gasping voice, gave him licr cheek to kiss as she used to do in life, nml lowered the curtain. The male apparition ap peared to bo a young Philadelphia journalist who died a year ago. He showed great delight at seeing his old friend, the reporter, grasped his hand, nnd patted him on the cheek, but after a vain effort to speak at tho opening of tho curtain disappeared. A description of tht ghostly visitants of the other, members of tho circle might bo monotonous. Tlicy were all white-robed women, somo young, some middle- nged. They nodded, waved their arms, clasped their hands as if in prayer, and extended them as in a benediction. The colonel knelt at tho feet of an apparition whom he called Katie, aud she put her hands on his head and when he rose kissed liis forehead. The New-England man was crcatly moved by one of his ghostly friends. He, too, knelt. Afterward lie fol lowed her to the curtain, and holding it a little aside whispered for a little while to tho form within. .Nearly every one of the apparitions was err .Jul in com ing out or returning to hold the cur tains so as to show the recumbent form of the medium on the lounge. The reporter, though greatly interested in the whole performance, was naturally most closely observant of the fomi3 which claimed his acquaintance. One of tliem, and perhaps the moat distinct aud beautiful of all the apparitions, was a girl with light brown lmir, and a singularly, sweet and dignified face. The skirt of lier white dress was ornamented with golden bars and disks. In her hand Bhe held a laco veil, apparently no longer than a pocket-handkerchief. Shu stood before tlio curtain and began to manipu late tho veil. 44 See, sho is weaving lace," ex claimed tlio lady of tho liouse. The veil grew longer and longer until it was about 5 foot square. A silver band ornamented tho bor der. The girl came forward into tho room, and beckoned tho reporter to advanco and kneel before her. lie dropped on ono knee, looked long and steadily at her face, but could not recognise it. She put both hand upon Ids head. " Who nro you V" ho asked, but got no reply. 44 Havo 1 ever «eeu you before V" A shake of tlio head gave a negative answer. Taking tho veil from hor arm the apparition threw- it over the questioner's head a o that it entirely enveloped him. Then she clasped her hands as if in prayer, aud again placed tliem on his head. She removed: the veil, and he rosu and took her hand — a small, soft, white hand Her bare arms were very white nnd beautifully formed. Her face, although the features were definite, did not havo a lifelike expression, and tho largo oyes were too nearly .closed for their color to bo distinguished. Her garments wero of a wonderfully fine texture, and- gave out an oxquiaito perfume. Ab she re tired to the curtain tho reporter followed her, botzging her to toll her name. She stood for about a minute holding tho curtain ono side, and partly concealed by it, and allowing one hand to rest in Iuh grasp. Then she whispered 44 Your guardian," and after an affectionate salutation withdrew her hand and vanished, Tho last figuro which appeared, also that of a young woman, did not come outside the cur tain. Somo ono said, <( Tho power- is almost exhausted." The circle waited ten minutes, but1 nothing more came. A moaning ' sound pumiuoncil tlio lady to tho assmtunce of the medium, who wa? found undor: her: wrapping on the lounge. It was perhaps a quarter of an hour beforo eho fully camo out of her trance. Meanwhile tho visitor wont into the dining-room, nnd talked over tbo phenomena to satisfy themselves that thoy had all wit nessed tho samo things, so that' no ono might think he bud-been tho victim of a delusion not uharcd by tho others. Two of tlio visitore re turned to tho city. Tho other romained over night As lie sat in his room lulled by tho lap- ring of the waves against tlio nca-wall that ordered tho lawn, and tho sighing of the night wind in tho trees, tho wholo oxpcrience seemed lileo a Htrango and beautiful phantasmagoria of perfumed robes, whito anns, .waving veils and graceful, glidiog forms. Recalling by an effort all the dotails of tho Rtrangc performance, he said to himself : This can bo accounted for in one of threo ways only- : first, it way havo ;bc en . a gross deception— a masquerade of living peo- . pic dressed up to roproscnt ghosts. This ox- .planation is.. hardly tenable, though. The t charaober and respectability of the family .'are against it. Then, whore -could they employ mine persons -to- rcprcsent spirits, and -how. did they all get into the darkened room ? Besides, there was something unsubstantial about all the forms. They did not look like so many living people decked out in gowns and white veils. A second explanation is that the spec tators were in some way mesmerised, and thought they saw what they did not see. The history of mesmerism, delusions, unconscious cerebration, trance; and similar phenomena, floes, not, however, furnish, any example of three healthy robust men- sitting for two hours .in tho. apparent full possession of their senses, and fancy they sec. and. speak with a series of ghostly forms, whereas iu fact they see noth- ! ing. The third explanation is that the forms were what they 'professed to he, the apparitions of men and women whose spirits have left the 'earth. Having settled down on those three alternative; propositions/ the reporter went- to bed aud slept, soundly 'till- the breakfast bell awoke him next morning. 