/' Old Playbills. N No. 8. \ " They are the abstract, and brief chron J lole. of the time." — Haiilbt, Aot 2, Soene 2. f \In order to render thete eerie at J interesting at vostible to our many \ ' reader <; we ' ihrite' the " lean of old (' playbills for the purpose of publica- J tion. wit i ch shall be returned at earliest y opportunity. Please forward Editor , ( Lorgnette Office, Royal Lane Mel- ). bourne.' (j Under most depre»ing circnm- V sta-.ces the ' eminent" trapedian, Mr V Barry Sullivan, made hiB fi st appear- /' ance before an Australian audience at V the Theatrd' Royal (now bHrnt down) V on the evening of Saturday. August A 9. 1862. The stage bad been used for V > some time before, as a home for Bur- V ton's circus, and the equestrian season (/ only closed on the previous evening. V The stage and theatre was in a filthy y condition, and only a scratch company A could be got together for the legitimate V season. The play was " Hamlet," V with .Mr Sullivan as -the moody Dane, /) and he was supported— if our memory V fails ns not — by Mr Henry Neil ( Warner as The Ghost ; Mr T. Belfield, / '< The King ; poor dead and gone Paddy y Gardiner (father of the late Mrs ( Alfred Phillips), as Polnious — with a / . most delicious Irith brogue : Mr \ . Harry JackBon as First Gravtdigger, f ' Mr Charles Poole as The Quetn, and ) '. Miss Joey Gougenheim as Ophelia. The \ -. " star " became naturally disappointed ( ' and played but a very short season, ) ) and then went up tL the Princess Y\ Theatre and played in conjunction ( with Mr Joseph Jefferson Sydney ) j then became the scene of hiB triumphs, \ . but, before leaving Melbourne for that ( ' city, he said that it was his intention J , to return to Melbourne, to mna thea- \ s tre of his own, and would engage the / ' best company that had ever been got / together in the Southern Hemisphere, ( 'That this was no idle boast will be f borne out on perusing the following 1 bill of the play : — > ; THEATRE ROYAL. \ .Sole Lessee and Manager... Mr Barry Sullluan. . \ \ The Public are informed that the above mag- / 'flifl/vtnfe Tamnla af t.ha Drama wll 1 M,AnAn \ . under the above management, r THIS EVENING, SATURDAY MARCH 7,1882 ) ) During the recess, the following alterations . and improvements, have been effMted, vis :— ) ,) The entrance 'to the Dress Circle has been v entirely renovated, newly carpeted, and ad- ) ) ditional lights and chandeliers introduoe d. I v. The Dress Circle seats have been enlarged f »and a greater intermediate space allowed to I , eaoh occupant, making them combined with f .-luxurious getting up all that the most fas- ; idious can deeire. f The lady patrons to the Dress Oircis are also v Informed that the cloak room, with its attea- / ,'dants, also the two new retiring rooms, ele- \ gantly furnished; are plaoed at their service ' /entirely free of charge \ The stall seats have been restuffed and lm- ' -proved. t The stage footlights so arranged, and the ' -new orchestra so formed as to give additional k , comfort to the numerons patrons of this de- ' - lightful part of the house, j The upper oircle seats have bseu re-arranged, / raised, and backed, which, with the additional k N lighting and the ventilation introduced will ( make the upper oircle perfect for seeing, hear- k ing, and comfort. ' The pit has been entirely cleansed, and will k maintain its prominent position in the pnblic estimation. k The gallery has also received an Improvement ' which it, 1b hoped;, will give additional comfort - | , and convenience . to' its pafrons. The'Bmlnent Artist, / B' A R R Y SULLIVAN I \ Will re-appear, supported by the most talented " 1 members of the professiou, including the Star \- , Company of Australia. I \ Mr Robert Heir, Mr J.O Lambert,- '/ „ Chas. Young, ,, k. Fitigerald, ' k ' „ Harwood, ,, Chapman, ' ' „ Ireland, . „ Burford, k „ Morrison, „ Hope, ' „ Andrews, , lord, k ,, Hogan,. - „ Uuiiingwood, ' „ Mac ready, „ Gladstone, . k n Mason „ Onll, ' . r Mrs Robert Hetr, - Miu Kosa i)hhn; ) . „ Fitigerald, Mrs Alfred Philips, r Miss Tilly Earle, M s Chapmaa, ; | ,. Milne, « -Miss Corcoran,'- -'' : Pagan, M|u Hlggins, ) - Miss Murray feo., The follo wing prices of admission have been .. 1 . i determined on, and the' management oonfldent- r v, ly trasts that the pulkllo wlll support "him in" I bis endeavoar to present the higheet Intel-, leotual amusement at the lowest ' possible 1 . charge, L - GALLHRY, SIXPBNOB. 1 PIT, ONH SHILLING. Jk UPPHR CIROLB, TWO SHILLINGS, r STALLS, THRBB SHILLINGS J . , -DRBSS CIROLB, PIVB SHILLINGS. \ Half-price to Dress Circle at 8.88, Half-a-Orown. No fees allowed >ny servant of the Estab- . ltshment. The season will commence with Sheridan's Inimitable Comedy in 5 acts, entitled, SCHOOL K OR SCANDAL With the following unapproachable distribu tion of Characters. Sir 1'ete.r Teazle Mr J. 0. Lambert Sir Oliver Surface.. Mr Harwood sir Benjamin Backbite Mr Chos.'Young Joseph Surface Mr Robert Heir uharles Surface -Mr Barry. Sullivan Orabtree Mr Chapman Careless Mr Ireland Sir Harry Bumper. .; Mr Hope Snake Mr Gladstone 7 Vip. Mr Morrison Sir Toby MrMaorendy Mutes Mr Andrews Rowley. .Mr Cull ' Servants,., Messrs Ford,' Collingwood At Mason Lady Teazle Mrs Robert Heir Mrs Candour Mrs Alfred Phillips \- Lady Sneerwsll. . .-. . . . . . . . ... . Mrs-Chapman Maria Miss Rosa Dunn Maid Miss Murray To conclude with the very laughable farce, MY WIFS'S SECOND FLOOR. Supported by Messrs Harwood, Uharl hi Young, Andrews, Ireland, Mrs Phillips. Miss Mi ins, '' and Miss Tilly Earle. ' Box Office open for sonuring'seats. Pass out checks are not transferable. . Doors open at 7 p.m. Commouoe at 8 pun. precisely. 