: (PUBLISHED DAILY.) EciTifcA.: Jujs;b 15i 1881. At the ^jPresto.iv iMdtiiigf onSaturday night) Mi'. Berry told his audience that the Reform Bill as amended by the Coun cil was such as it would be impossible for any Liberal to accept. In the Assembly yesterday evening, lie expressed his con viction that it would be better not to settle th.6 reform questidii at- all. than to settle it ill WW hiai'uier proposed by the Council. Iii both instances the statements were definite and entirely without quali fication. . And yep. during the past few weeks; Mr. Berry's arguments in the As sembly have nearly all been directed to showing that the bill as amended by the Council, although falling short of what the Liberal party desired, was neverthe less a very considerable instalment of re form, and as such ought to be accepted. The position he took , up -tfas, in fact, a rational and intelligent drie. lie would nialie diid iilth'e effort to obtain further concessions from the Upper House, and if that failed, he would submit for the pre sent, trusting to the future to obtain, a further instalment of reform fi'om a" Ooiincil cdristifci^eA on a ." more liberal "basis than the present. The whole tenor of his speeches leave no doubt whatever that this was the. course which the head of the Government had made up his mind to follow. Just a month ago lve said:—" The bill as amended " by, the Legislative Council, provides at all events for a =£10 freehold, franchise. ■" Apart from the amendment which I " shall propose by alicl bye, to reduce the "franchise to occupiers also to £10, I say ' " that the .£10 freehold rating, and the "other rating provided for iii the bill,1 " would bring a vast number of men to express their opinions at , the ballot-box^ i " in elections 'for the Legislative Council, ;' >vho never before had the opportunity of ."'expressing their opinions on such occa sions, Then, again, owing to the increase "iii-the number of members liy twelve, " there will be IS elections next year, as soon-as the rolls" are prepared, and I " don't despair, even with the franchise "proposed by the Legislative. Council, of " the Liberal party securing a majority of " those. IS; seats. ?' * If there were no other object to be gained than that of providing for 18. elections next "year, and winning the majority of them, " the/experiment would be, worth (trying, "because we would thereby obtain 18 "months or two years to dedicate to " practical questions of legislation, so that "any further, amendment of , the eonsti "tution in, this direction-could be dealt " withir'.after, other burning questions "had :been' settled." This 'was wliat Miv'^Berryv told the •: itouse .: on ;tlie fl7th ; May, and his remarks .'admit but 'oiE prie interpretation. 'It -was' evident that he anticipated tlie • rejection of $ke;amendments,which' lie,; afterwards pro posed, aiid that lie would tliea be quite prepared: to- accept the measure as agreed to , ,by the ,, Council.. ,If ^there had 'b'eeii '"ahy doubt it" jvould liave been soon removed. Two days later, Mr. Berry stated with the utmost confidence'that the Liberal party- through out tke country was strongly in •, favor of accepting the bill as an instalment, and declared liis -willingness " to go to any "meeting in any part of the country and " put the question, satisfied that .the an ?" s^yer would be that the better course at "this juncture, under all the cLrcum " stances, was to accept the Ml." ^Ihese were the deliberately expressed convictions of tlie Chief Secretary only a week or two agio, and they were shared by his col leagues. Only last week Mr. Patterson said lie would brand as an ei emy of the people, any man who stood up and wished to prolong the controversy, whilst a few days before, Mr. Vale pithily announced that he would take what lie could get to day with the view of getting more to morrow. All these references, ' it must be remembered, were".to the identical Reform Bill which Mr. Berry declared at Preston, on Saturday night, it would be impossible for any Liberal to accept, The settlement of which Mr. Berry confi dently asserted last month that the coun try: was almost unanimously in favor, is the very same settlement, without the slightest modification, of which he told the House . last night that it would be better to .have none at all.. The Chief Secretary is notorious' for inconsistency, but in this instance he has go _e beyond himself.; His efforts to make it appear that • his antagonism to the bill is based upon the fact that it continues and ex tends the system of plural voting, will not avail him. In.this respect, the . measure is exactly the^anle as it Aras .when .he so strongly itrged that it " Should be taken as " an instalment of reform." In fact it is only necessary to refer to the Mr. Berry of a week or two ago for fhe completest refu tation of tho Mr. Berry of to-day. We do not suppose'that the remarkable change of front will have much effect upon the parcy. They are so used to the extraordi nary vagaries of their leader,: and have been so ready to follow" him' in ■ all his twistings and turnings,. that we shall not be at .all astonished to find him heartily applauded for his latest feat in the political somersault • line." It appeal's that at the caucus meeting yesterday,' 35 members supported outright for liisproposal that the Reform Bill Should be dt'ooned. and it is a matter almost of absolute cer tainty that of tliesfij dt'ieasii 30 would just as readily have supported a. proposal for accepting, everyone of the Council's amend ments.^ Some 'there were, however, of wliom it will; be -remembered to their credit that they refused to bo led blindfold through the mazes of Mr. Berry's contra- < dictions and incqnsist<5ndids, arid to them the COUiitry. iS indebted for another chance of obtaining a settlement. Upon the motion last night for discharging tho bill from the .notice paper, Sir Bryan* O'Logui.ex moved as an amendment that it be again referred to a conference of the two Houses, and from the toiie of the de bate" So far a3 it lias yet proceeded, there would; appear td*be .some hope of the: amendment b,eiiig. carrid:i; It -\tfaS sup :ported last, iliglit by Mr. Fixcham, Mr. JDeakix, and Mr. Gravks, whilst other 'followers of - the - Ministi-y are so committed to the bill even as it stands at the present that their votes ought to bo .relied upon. We are not at all sanguine tliat a second confer- i eiice wiii ieaclto diiy. fih'ther concessions, and we quite, agree with the opinion ex pressed by Miv Berry a few weeks ago, that those which have been already ob tained are of sucli importance that the Assembly ought not to hesitate over, their acceptance, but there is just a chance of this- new diversion being productive of good, -and of.the question being settled, in spite of the Government. There arc few who will riot hope that it may be so;"'.' Suippino Notes.—The Pioneer arrived in port yesterday with a small cargo of wool and'hides from Hay ; slio will load again at an early date ancl sail for the Milmiinbidgee. No vessels.sailed yesterday. . The Lancashire Lass conlpietea.lnir cargo aiid, vrill>sp.il first thing this morning fdr .Hay:. The Murrum bidgeei will alsti «Ul fda? Hay to-day. The following vessels were at berths yesterday :— No. 1, Heather Bell discliargingpiles ; No. 2, Lancashire Lass, loading outward cargo ; No. 3, • Darling barge, loading .outward rcargo. The ElUabetli.^tdanUr Wrfs ^gitefdajf". liaiiled on io iiiii slip3 opposite the wliarf . fc'r repairs. • Tin? Psitrr and Blverina steamers let't Balranald on Monday for Echuea. , E/BCITAL ENTERTAINMENT.—A most 0n joyable evening was . spent in the Temper ance Hall last ni»ht, by ah appreciative and fairly largo audience, the occasion being a recital and musical entertainment given on behalf of the,funds Of Christ Oluii'dh. The reserved portion of the hall was very well filled, and notwithstanding the very un favorable state of the weather, many of those present had como long distances. The programme was commenced with an instru mental duet ,by Mr. Davis SinU arid Miss F. Ninhiid. Tlio p'iedfi selected was Hossini's \vGll- knowii gem, the Grand Duo, from La Gazza Ladra. This was done full justice to by the performers ; the ability of Mr. Sims is well-known, and Miss Nintmo performed her portion with porfect accuraoy, her bril liancy. of touch being especially admired. Mr.-John Eobson followed with some:| Shakespoarian selections, which he entitled I " An Hour With'Hamlet." The selection in- j eluded . Hamlet's Soliloquy and Regrets, j Horatio's News, the Midnight Watch, and the story "of the-ghost of Hanilet's father. The most difficult portions .were delineated Avith a master's li&ncUj; the expression, ges ture and irttOuation being of excellent order'. Mr. Itobson especially excelled iii the ghost' scene, and delivered the difficult utterances of his spiritual visitor in ft most clever manlier. He was .heartily.applauded, at the ternlirtation' of each number. A musical interlude followed, when the concertedpiece by Bellini, " Qui la Selva," was sung by the Choir of: Christ Church, with niarked effects Mis Wilkinson sang very nicely' '5 Let: me ; Dream; of, Him," -and Miv Earle "sing that masterpiece of . Cherry " Will-o'-the ' i Wisp." In:, this his fine baritone showed to advantage, whilst ■his clear enunciation' and ■ faultless time were 'greatly admired, although by some it was" considered' that the laughter passages were slightly burlesqued. She second por tion of the programme commenced with some music—"Hickenstern's Song," Christ Church Choir ; song, Miss Wilkinson : and song " The Anchor's Weighed," by Mr. Kendall— all of which wer.e .well given, the.last num ber especially meeting with- warm-, applause. Mr. Itobson resumed his recitals, and gave two very amusing readings, representative of the nationalities of Scotland and Ireland, which /wore; greatly en j ciyedf He' then re cited (by request) Edgar A. Poe's famous musical poem—" The. Bells"—which was certainly the gem of the evening. The clear tinkling tones of the sleigh; bells,, the. merry notes1 of the wedding peals, the terrible clanging of the fire alarm, and • the dread notes of the funeral toll, were proiluccd with a marvellous similarity, to tlie bells them selves. Mr.' Robson's musical tastes stood him in good stead,, and, the manner in which lie'protracted the echoing cadence of the bells was enjoyable in the extreme. The difficult subject of,the " Vision of Infinite Space," emanating from Germany,; but written by De Quincy, was dealt with in a powerful manner by " -Mr. Robson. The National Anthem: concluded the entertainment. On the niotion of Mr. Donaldson, a hearty vote of thanks was parsed to Mr. Robson and the other performers. In the unavoidable ab sence of the Mayor, the Rev. John Garliclc occupied the chair. Lunacy.—A youth of about nineteen years of age, named Thomas Madden, was yesterday brought in from "VYharparilla suf fering from lunacy. Until about three months ago he resided in" the Ballarat dis trict, but has lately been employed by a farmer at Pine Grove. He was formerly in the Ararat asylum. Drs. Croker and Osborne examined the young man in the lock-up last night, and certitiod to the unsoundness of his mind, recommending his removal to an asylum for curative treatment. The young follow will be conveyed to Melbourne this morning. Eo'HtiCA Agricultural Society.—1Two of the sub-committees of theEchuca Agricultural Society meet this afternoon. The grounds committee meets at 2 p. 111., aiulproceedf to the society's reserve on a visit of inspection. The sub- committee appointed to revise the prize list will meet at 4 p.m., at the Commercial Hotel for that purpose. The Ri.vgbarkixc Qckstiox.—Our Perri coota correspondent; writing yesterday says : —" A meeting of the farmers of Pei'ricoota was held at Mr. Rogers' Womboo Hotel, to take into consideration the question of ring barking. Mr. Edwards was voted to the chair, and briefly stated the object of the I meeting, pointing out settlement was being retarded by the squatters extorting 4 or 5 shillings per acre from the selector for ring barking. He pointed out that ringbarking had lessened rainfall and made more grass in one place to the loss of it in another. Ho also considered that grass without water was valueless. Mr. J. T. . Brown next addressed the meeting and iyas:qf o.^iriio'^, .that if the late decisions at Deniliquin and the Supreme Court were upheld, settlement must be stopped altogether. He pointed out that it was fabulous interest to receive 5s. per acre for ringbarking which only cost lOd. per acre. Mr. Chanter next addressed the meeting, and showed how the agricultural class was handicapped. Messrs. Denny and A. Leitch spoke in the same strain. Mr. J. Clark pro posed the following resolution :—That this meeting views with alarm- and regret the late decision at Deniliquin and upheld by the Supremo Court, and thinks it highly desirable to send a petition to Parliament. The motion was secondecl by Mr. J. . Littlowood and oavried.1 •' . ■< . ; Views of NE\v Zealand.—Oii Monday evening the children attending. the State School enjoyed .a treat .iii the shape of a magic lantern . eritQrtaii'uueiit': . Mr. De Beere gave & aeries ,df dxdiHldiit .vidw's of the principal scenery bf New Zealand, which were depicted with great fidelity and illus trated with pertinent remarks by the lec turer. Amongst the best of the views was a sketch of the wreck of the Tararua. After these view's came. a series of doniicalities, whicli proved highly provocative of mirth amongst1 the youngsters. Thfe instrument used was a magnificent oxy-hy.drogen .lime light lantern of great power and remarkable clearness and. which worked exceedingly well. To-night Mr. D. Beere is announced to give the same scene in the Roman Catholic school room, and 110 doubt tlid pi'estye he lias obtained wSilsdciireliini a liberal patronage. I?iRE>rAx's Implement.—We have been shown a iie\v implement very useful to fire men, wliidli lias beeii nlilniifadtilred by one of the rilenlbers of the Ecliuca Volunteer Fire Brigade (Mr. Friswell). . The tool incorpo rates a hatchet, a key, and a pointed end suitable for opening plugs! The implement may also be used as a short fire-hook. It should prove a very useful, little article. Stock Traffic!,—The stobk traffic ,on;the Deniliqiiin aiUl .Moann line is commencing, asis usual at. this seasrt;\ dl the year, to increase .in. importance. .'(Several heavy cattle trains have passed down the , line dur ing the last few days, and.on Monday afternoon a train of tllirty-six trucks of sheep arrived. 2s kw Magistrates.—Over 240 names have been added to tlielist of honorary magistrates for the colony of New South Wales. The list is published in a supplementary Gazette of Saturday' and iildiddgd- the fallowing:— ;Mr. llfwd,. Wyat.t, P.M.; .Mr. J. G. Dougharty, Baniliquin ■ Mr. W: R. Virgoe; Mathoura; Mr. John Wogn^fj iWricoota; Mossrs: Miciiael Tartakover and "William Threlkeld, Hay; and > Mr. David ' Moore, Bundyulumbali, Deniliqiiin. Provisions for Mount Browne.—The Morgan (S. A.) correspondent of a contem porary .writesj-" lit consequence of the reported .scarcity .of provisions, at Mount Browne diggings; Messrs; Symoiids orid Scliell deternlined Oil starting from Morgan witli a quantity of tea, sugar, flour, and tobacco ; so on Friday they made a start with five teams fully laden. The routo they proposo taking is that via Government Well ^iid along the Eastern plains. ,They.Miypimiie J|eiiig away abolit tlu'dc nUiitlis, alia siioulii the Dariing ,.re«Mvii\ -TOPftYisSliw -provisions will be at famine rates at the diggings, and they will fifmsfimifinfclv oht,ain liiorli nrifios fnr fh*>iv stoim" Tho writer, in a joculer strain, adds, tho party go fully armed, and it would be well for the Mount Browne rowdies, to know, that .th0 leader cif ,tlie expedition shot pnd n^an jiist befcird skrtiiig, and there is 110 kilo wing what he might do ifthe necessity for shooting arose. The shooting in question was, however, accidental, and fortunately had no very serious result, tho bullet pass ing through the fleshy part :6f the thigh." Ndx iji the Bill.—The Daily. Telegraph says :—" A little unrehearsed scene, not ;in cliuled in the programme of. "Antony and Cleopatra," took place at the: Theatre i Royal on Monday evening, shortly after the cur tain rose ou tho first act. Two fashionably attired females Were sitting in the dress circle, ^on'th'e right of - the Governor's'box, 'and on the left of the box were two well dressed ladies and a gentleman. One of the; females, -without any apparent reason, walked over hurriedly,to where the party of three were sitting, and in the most unpro-' voked manner, brdtally assaulted one of the young ladies, striking her with both fists after the style of an accomplished pugilist. The lady attacked hi Such a. sudden manner made no attohipt to defend herself but buried her face hi her la$. Tho gentleman inter vened as soon as possible, and prevented the; continuance of such a disgraceful scene. The quartette then hurriedly left the theatre. The scene, as might very naturally be imagined, caused nd. little excitenl< to the occupants of the cifcle.' Chinese IjnaGKATiojr.—The bill ;to regu late and restrict Chinese .immigration in troduced into the South Australian Parlia ment, provides that the master of any ves sel having Chinese 011 b.oard must imriiedi ately on his 'arrival, deliver to the Collector of Custonis of other officer, a list detailing^ , the Chinese 011 board, under a penalty for default not exceeding £200. The number of : Chinese passengers allowed to be carried is in the proportion of one to. every ten tons of tonnage of the vessel, according to the ! registry thereof, if British, and if not, then : according to the measurement defined- by The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854. "If this number be exceeded, the owner, charterer, or master is liable, on conviction, to a penalty not exceeding £10 for each Chinese passenger so carried in excess. 'Before any Chinese are permitted to land the master of the vessel shall "pay . to the collector, or other officer the sum of £10 for every Chinese, the penalty for non-compliance being a fine not exceeding £20 for each Chinese landed improperly, and in addition tho vessel may be forfeitod. Chinese, arriving overland are also to pay £10. Ali sums paid by or on behalf of any Chinese, and all penalties under this act shall be paid over to the Treasurer for the public use of the province. Shipping Disasters in New Zealand.— There was a heavy gale 011 the New Zealand coast on Saturday. The Pakelia, timber laden, from Kaipara to Wellington, went ashore 011 the coast off Canterbury. Captain Boer and six men were drowned. The only seaman saved was washed ashore in an in sensible condition. The vessel was owned by Mr. Findlay, of Dunedin, and was insured in the Victoria Insurance Companj''s otlico. The schooner Torea reports that a heavy sea washed the captain and all the deck hands overboard. A Singular Bequest.—The will of the Hon. George Charles Grant-ley Fitzhardinge Berkeley has been proved by Lady Caroline Fitzhfirdingo Maxse, the sister an I sole executrix, the personal estate being sworn under £5,000. The testator bequeaths to his faithful servant, Matilda Leversuch, if in his service at his decease, his little terrier dog " Jack," and an annuity of £G0 so Ion 14 as " Jack" shall live. O11 " Jack's" death he gives her annuity of €30 for her life, and to such person as she shall leave it to at bee decease for his or her life. 