PROMINENT SOPIGS§ ' THE : CATHEDRAL. THE Building Committee of St Patrick's Cathedral have set to work with renewed energy, «nd we +eeno reason wfcy their laudable efforts not be rewarded with commentsfce snooess. Victorian Catholics are never slow to give for a work of a mti«ons or charitable character, and it fe not their custom to give niggardly. Shey are free, and oprn-handed in iases of this kind, and never feck zeal to promote the beauty «f God's House. Hie Catholics ®f the archdiocese are engaged in erecting & temple to the Holy Ghost, and having Srat their hand to the good work they Vill sot torn away and leave it un- Jinished. Having laid the foundations «nd raised the walls, they are not insensible to their obligation to continue and complete the nndertaking. To do that *hey need no pressure, nor is it necessary io refer to the example afforded them by the Catholics of New South Wales, who are in liberally pouring funds into the Jap of hisGrace.the Archbishop of Sydney, for the erection of St. Mary's Cathedral in that city. There is no organisation «o complete or BO powerful in this colony lor the same purpose, but there is one • with sufficient authority and energy for .the work in hand, if Catholics as a body '"Would generously co-operate with its i^ffortg. They are invited to so assist, and afcre 'in many cases even personally asked <to do so, and, really, that is all that should necessary, since the work to be done is 'the same as" that which is being pushed •head with so much energy in Sydney, •nd the elory of doing it will be the Hyame. What other incentive than a good • motive should the Catholics here require P fit. Patrick's Cathedral, as it stands. is : *n honour to them. It bears, testimony <to their faith and their generosity in the past, and surely the faith that has so "fructified is not dead, nor is the gener- "osity that was so warm and so bountiful • Chilled. The great temple they havebeen . erecting, though still unfinished, Is already majeBtio in Its proportions, and #uch a specimen of architectural art as • can only be witnessed in those stately minsters which, in Europe, were built in L4he ages of faith, when Catholic princes "•nd Catholic guilds were munificent and Enthusiastic in all they did for the J Church, St Patrick's Cathedral is ' grand and beautiful enough to be ^regarded with pride by Victorian ( Catholics as a symbol of that holy _«nd Imperishable faith which has sublimated genius, and given to the • .world the finest works of art of which It i-can boast. And along with being a grand Symbol of the ancient faith, it may •lso be regarded as a national work, and '- mo for diver's reasons, not alone Catho- -•' Ucs, but all colonists should readily and '' generously assist in completing the great r fane. THE feeling of regret ATTEMPTED at the attempted as- ; ASSASSINATION sassination of the President of the United -i States is universal, for, as it was not provoked by political animosity, there is no party in America, or abroad, to . ^rejoice that the attempt was made, and ~ to regret that it did not succeed. Though ' there is one instance of political assassination in the history of the Great Republic, its liberal constitution is calculated to : protect, its chief magistrate from such A crime. The people manage their' own i affairs, the President is the ruler of .c their choice, his term of office is short, public opinion sways the political movetnents of the country, personal freedom '- and liberty are assured, and political ' grievances may be redressed legitixnately. In a country so governed, polir., Ideal assassination must be a deed r., of rare occurrence. When, therefore, the ( assurance <same that there was no poli- ,..< tical motive for the crime, it was only -M*rliat we had «xpeoted; and when, sub- <• cequently, it was stated that the man £> who had attempted the assassination was supposed to be deranged, that ex- *• planation was thoroughly in accord with '" : <rar preconoeived views on the subject. "'•"We had felt satisfied that it was either the act of a madman, or that of some ^jmisoreant who . had a real or imaginary .grievance of a private character to' revenge. ,Irphmeii, more especially, will > regret the attempt, for their sympathies , sr$ warpily .with; the United Stft^s. It J basiotpitably jieeeived thein in 'millions . when dnven. out of their own country \- J^ ^amifi^'arttfici^y hroiught about, or by ^aek-|%p|ing landlords. They have. 'il^, ^d'flied for the Bepublic, and 'their" unfortunate country has Tebeivfed mijnifipent help frdm it in her periods of wiant. More than that' the Irish, who cling to their native land in spite of its evil iortune, have received sympathy and encouragement, from the United States, in their struggle to raise her from her fallen condition ; and under the shelter Of the stars and stripes, the exiles^millions iir tiumber —•who emigrated " with a Vfengeabce,'* experience no hindrance • in thbir efforts to co-operate With their brethren in the old land, for her emancipation , from misrule. IriSbmeh have tio reason to like or dislike General Garfield as an individual, but there are numerous reasons why they should entertain for , him- a profound respect as the President of the United States, and., it was under the influence of motives of this kind ihat Mr. Charles S. Parnell officially expressed his regret at the attempt -that had been made on the President's 'life. • And it may be considered that this gentleman so acted in the capacity of representative of the Irish people at home and abroad. Is there any danger THE CHINESE that Australians will QUESTION. have to throw Chinese overboatd, as the Bostomans did ch«Bts of teal Not much, though the troublesome Chinese Question is likely to become still more troublesome. Some of the colonieB have already legislated against these "interesting strangers," &B; the ei-AcigHean Bishop of Melbourne was wont to speak of tbem, and others are pledged to do likewise. But of what avail will it be if the Imperial Government object to. the violation of treaties that were made for all parts of the British Empire. According to agreement, John Chinaman is free to come and go whenever the British flag flies, and Sir Charles Dilke has said that the freedom of the Chinese in that respect cannot be abridged. Colonial governors will take note of that utterance, and be slow to give the royal assent to any bill which appears to them to be at variance with treaty obligations. The bills will have to go home, and what if her Majesty's assent be refused? Then would we become so excited that we should be strongly tempted to test the question by throwing a Chinaman overboard. Or, if we did not go to extremes by such an emphatic adoption of an historical parallel, would we be satisfied with following another colonial precedent, and refusing to allow John to land on our shores P It is, of course, hard to say what we would do under these exasperating given circumstances. We could not yield, and, not yielding, could we' avoid a collision with. the Home authorities ? If a Badical Ministry happened to be in office there would be enough of tow, lire, and gunpowder in the Parliamentary arsenal for a tremendous sham fight; but if milder men held the reins of Government, negotiations on the subject would be undertaken, and a compromise would be arrived at. However, matters with regard to the "Heathen Chinee" threaten no slight disturbance, and it will not be that gentle creature's fault if weget rid of him without much trouble. He knows his rights under the treaty, and we may be sure that he will fight for them in his own way. 