T H E M Y S T E R I O U S Q E G A N I B T . A LEGEND OF THE EIIIUE. Kind hearts arc more than coronets, And simple faith than Norman blood. YKABS ago, at a grand old cathedral ovarii oking the Ehine, there appoered a mysterious orgsnist. The great composer who bad played the organ so long had suddenly died, and everybody, from tbe king to tbe peasant, WSB wondering who could be found to fill his place. One bright Sunday momi a« (be sexton entered tbe church, be saw a stranger sitting at tbe crape-shrouded organ. He was a tall graceful man, with a pale but strikingly handsome face, great black melancholy eyes, and hair like 3 raven's wing for gloss snd colour, sweeping in dark Waves over bu shoulders. He did not seem to notice the sexton, but went on playing; and such music as he drew from the instrument no words can describe. The astonished listener declared that tbe organ seemed to have grown human—that it wailed and sighed and clamoured, When the music at length ceased, the sexton hastened to tbe stranger and said • ' Pray, wbo-are you, sir?' ' Do not ask my name,' be replied. 1 1 hare heard that you are in want of AD QTgwtt, and tars wise tap »p trial/ ' You'll be sure to get tbe place,' exclaimed tbe sexton. ' Why, you surpass bim that's dead and gone, sir.' ' N". no—you overrate me' resumed the ctrsnger, with a sad smile; and then as if dininclined to conversation, he turned from «ld Hans and began to play again. And now the music changed from a sorrowful strain to a grand old peean, and tbe mysterious organiEt. Looking upward, full of groco, X'rajcd t ill from a happy place God's glory emote bim on the face, and his countenance seemed not unlike that of Saint Michael, as portrayed by Guido. Jj'iBt in the harmonies which swelled around bim he sat with hie far-seeing gaze filled nn the distant sky—a plimse of which he cou^ht tlirough an open window—when there was a stir about the. church and a royal party came HWeeping in. Amongst them might be Been a yuung nirl, with blue eyon like the vo'let bur", an.I lips like wild cherries This was the princess Elizabeth, and all eyee turned t> her a« she seated herself in the velvet-cushioned pew appropriated to the court. No sooner had the music reached her ear than ehe started as if a ghost had crossed her path The bloom faded from her cheek, her lips quivered, and her whole frame grew tremulous. At last her eyes met those of the organist, in a long yearnins l° u k ; and then the melody loBt its joyous note?, and once moie wailed and sighed and clamoured, ' By my faiib,' whispered the king to his daughter, this organist has a master band. Hark ye, he Bball play at your wedding !' The pale lips of tbe princess parted) but she could not epeak—she was dumb with grief. Like oce in a painful dream, ehe saw the pale man at the organ, and heard the melody which filled the vast edifice. Aye, full well sbe knew who he was, and wby the instrument seemed breathing out the agony of a tortured heart. When tbe service wae over, and the royal party had left the cathedral, he stole away as mysteriously as he had come. He waB not seen agnin by the sexton until the veBper hour, and then he appeared in the organ-loft and commenced hie task. While be playod a veiled figure glided in and fenelt near the shrine. There sbe knelt till the worshippers dispersed, when the sexton touched her on the shoulder, and said : 'Madame, every one has gone except you and me, and 1 wish to CIOBB tbe door.' ' I am not ready to go yet,'was the reply; ' leave me—leave me!' Tbe sexton drew back into a shady niche, and watched and listened, Tbe mysterious organist Still kept bis place, but his head was bowed upoa the instrument, and be could not see tbe lone devotee, At length sbe rose from the aisle, and, moving to the organ-loft, paused before the musician; 1 Bertram !' she murmured. Quick as thought the organist raised his bead. There, with the light of a lamp sus. pended to the arch above falling upon her, stood the princess who had graced the roval pew that day, The courudress of vtlvet, with its soft ermine trimmings, the tiara, the necklace, tho bracelets, hud been exchanged for a grey serge robe and a long thick veil, whicb was now pushed back from tbe fair girlish face. ' Oh Elizabeth, Elizabeth !' ejaculated tbe organii-t, as be sank at her feet, and gazed wistfully into her troubled eyes. ' Why are you here, Bertram?' askeil the princess. ' I came to bid you farewell; and as darr<-l not venture i.ito t^e palace I gained acccdii to the cathedral by bribing tbe bellringer, and, having tiken the seat of the dead organist, let mv music breathe out tbe adieu I could not trust my lips to utter.' A low moan was the answer, and be con. tinued ; 'You are to be married on the morrow P' • Yes,' sobbed the girl. ' Oh, Bertram, what a trial it will bo to stand at you altar and take upon me tbe vows which will doom me to a living death I' ' Think of me,' rejoined tbe organist. " Your royal father has requested me to play at tbe wedding, and I have promised to bo here. If I were your equal I could be the bridegroom instead of tbe organist; but a poor musician must give you up,' ' It is like rending body and soul asun der to part with you,' Said the girl. To-night I tell you this—tell you how fondly I love you—but in a few hours it will be a sin, Q-0, go, and G-nd bless you!' She waved him from he-, as if she would banish him while she had the power to do so. And he, bow was it with him ? He rose to leave her, then came back, held her to his heart in one long embrace, and, with a half. Bmothered farewell, left her,- The next morning dawned in cloudless splendour, and at an early hour the cathedral was thrown open, and the sexton began to prepare for the brilliant wedding. Flaine-colr ured flowers waved by tbe wayside ; flarae-coloured leaves came rushing down from tbe trees, and lay in light heaps upon the ground, and the ripe wheat waved like a golden sea, and berries drooped in red and purple clusters over the rooks along the BbinP. At length tbe palace gates were opened and tbe royal pAtiy appeared, escorting tbe Princess Elizabeth to the cathedral where ber marriage was to bo solemnized. It was a brave pageant; far brighter than the untwioed foliage end blossoms wore the tufts of plumes which floated from stately head?, and th'e fest.il robes that streamed down over the housings of the superb steeds. But the princess mounted on a snow-white palfrey, snd did in snow-white velvet, looked pale and sad ; and when on nesring tbe church, sbe beard a gush of organ music, which, though jubilant in sound, struck on her ear like a funeral knell, she trembled, and would have fallen had not a page supported her. A few moments afterwards she entered the cathedral, There, with his retinue, stood the bridegroom whom she had never before seen. But her glance roved from bim to the organloft, where she bad expected to see tbe mysterious organist. He was gone; and she was obliged 10 return the graoeful bow of the king, to whom she bad been betrothed from motives of policy. Mechanically she knelt at his side on tbe altarstone ; mechanically listened to tbe service and made the responses, Then ber husband drew her to bim in »ceav«lil?eeBbr(tee| aB4ffbi?pir«41 / • Elizabeth^ my queen, my wife, look up 1' Trembling in every limb, she obeyed. Why did those dark eyes thrill ber BO? Why did that smile bring a glow on ber cheek ? A h! though tbe king wore the purple, and many a jewelled order glittered on his breast, be seemed tbe same bumbld person who bad been employed to teach or^an music, and had taught ber tbe lore of love. ' Elizabeth,' murmered the monarch, ' Bertram Hi ffmao, tbe mysterious organist, and King Oscar are one I F.-r^ive my etralegem. I wished to marry you, bull would not drag to the alter an unwilling bride. Your father was in tbe secret. 1 ' While tears of joy raiued from her blue eyeB, the new-made queen returned her husband's fond Itiss, and for once two hearts were made happy by a royal marriage. Argonaut. 