THE ABDUCTED. CHAPTER I. Oh there are partings such us press The life from out young hearts, for who can guess If ever more shall meet these mutual eyes ? — Childe Harold. The moon rose round and clear behind the dark, venerable towers of Westminster Abbey. How very old they looked in comparison with the fair young face of the 'Lady Moon,' as she held her court of stars in the clear obscure of frosty sky! It is not fair to tell a lady's age, and therefore we will only hint, as a warning against the general proneness to judge by appearances, that, all bright and young as she looks, that moon is in reality nearly four thousand years older than that time-worn, abbey itself. Yes; even if we give it into the bargain the years when it was first a temple to Apollo and then a church, dedicated to St. Peter, in the good old days of Saxon Ethel- red. According to her baptismal register, kept in the great achives of creation, the moon was well 'up in years,' in short, of a certain age, when that strange jumble of lordly palaces and squalid hovels, haunts of grandeur and homes of misery which we call Westminster, was a muddy, reedy swamp. Let anyone presume to judge of a lady's age by her looks after this! On the evening upon which our tale opens it wanted just four days of our great Christian festival — the birthday of the Prince of Peace — Christmas Day. Six o'clock had just tolled. There was not much light left, save from the moon above and the lamps beneath. The bud had set the example of 'early closing' by shutting up and going off to 'sup with Thetis' at five o'clock. That extremes meet is proverbial, and nowhere do they meet more strangely than at Westminster, where all that is sublime and grand in architecture and in purport actually touches the most squalid, crazy haunts of the poorest and most abandoned of those whom Reformers heartlessly call 'the perishing classes' — English Kaffirs — and City Arabs. What a contrast between the broad silvery hights and ebon shadows on one side of the massive Abbey, and the Broadway, with its street night-market, lighted by flaring torches and candle- lamps, and crowded by the ragged, the starving, the drunken, the half-naked, and the lost! and that flaring Broadway itself, flanked by dark back-streets, blind alleys, and tumble-down courts, where hunger, want, and disease are visited by all the vices, and too often, alas! by them alone! We have said it had just struck six, when a cab stopped at the arched entrance to Dean's Yard. A tall, slight, graceful female figure sprang out. Her face was completely concealed by a double gossamer veil. Her form was enveloped in a large, dark cloak. The lady hastily gave the cabman some silver. It must have been treble his fare, for he actually touched his glazed hat, and said., ' Thank ye, miss. 'You're a lady, and no mistake; and if yon wants to go back again, I wont charge you nothing for waiting, if you aint unreasonable long, which females — excuse me, miss — sometimes is when we agrees not to charge for waiting.' 'I do not wish you to wait for me, I thank you, coachman,' said the girl (for she had the form and voice of girlhood), and she hastened into Dean's Yard. The cabman — a jolly, purple-faced fellow — with a very knowing look, peered through the archway at her receding form, looked into the cab to see if she had left anything, shut up the vehicle, beat his arms violently across his broad chest, for it was very cold, winked at the moon, for there was no one else to wink at, and muttered to himself, 'Poor thing! she wor in a fluster, she wor, and all of a tremble. She's out on the sly, she is. Sweet hearts, male or fee-male, is always our best riders. Love's the boy for making the money fly. Well, if she did tell me to drive fast, she paid me 'ansome; and no 'arm done,' he added, stroking his horse, who was steaming and panting, while he hung a bag of corn under his nose. 'You desarves a hextra feed, old jade,' he said; 'and I a hextra drop; and I'll have it too, and no mistake.' 'Want a cab, sir ?' he shouted, as he stood, near the horse, to a young gentleman, deformed and rather lame, who approached hurriedly. ' No; but I want to speak to you, cabby.' Cabby had taken the bag off his horse's nose and mounted the box. He did not seem inclined to come down. ' I'll make it worth your while to answer me,' said the gentleman, impatiently. Cabby was down in an instant. ' Didn't you drive a tall, slender young lady, veiled and in a dark cloak, from Brompton to this place?' asked the stranger, poking a sharp, pale face, with glittering eyes, whose brightness was heightened by spectacles, close to the cabman's purple nose. The cabman looked steadily at his questioner, eyed him from top to toe, scratched his head, and saying, ' let me consider a bit,' thought to him self, ' he's arter no good. Don't like his looks; he've got an evil eye. He aint no gal's sweetheart; 'taint loikely.' The gentleman held out half-a-crown. Cabby clutehed at it, and said, 'my last fare 'wor a party with one heye and a wooden leg — a helderly woman, soizeable loike. I took her up in Queer Street. She wor a little screwed. I can't say no more. I 'opes that's the party your arter, sir; but I'm keeping that 'ere valuable, first-rate hanimal a-shivering in the cold. So I wish ye food evening, sir, and thank ye;' then added to himelf, ' I've done her a good turn, I'm sartain, and she desarved it, for she paid me 'ansome.' 'Fool — cursed fool!' cried the hunchback, with an oath. 'Fool be I? then there's a pair on us!' shouted cabby, driving off. The hunchback did not reply; he did not hear him; he had turned fiercely away and entered Dean's Yard. 'I know I am on her track,' he muttered; 'and now, through that jabbering sot, I may have lost the chance of finding out what she is doing; what took her to Brompton; what is her object in driv ing to such a place as this at such an hour. I can not have been misinformed. I think that drunken cabman was hoaxing me, though; I saw it in his eye. Yet what mystery can bring her here? Ha!' he inwardly exclaimed, as, looking towards the ancient cloisters at the corner of the yard, he saw a tall female form standing in 'the moonlight, her back towards him, at the very entrance of those antique aisles. 'Tis she, by all that's fortunate,' he murmured. He drew his hat over his brows, and folded his cloak around his mis- shapen form, as he slunk into the dark shadows cast by the massive build ings; and moving in a crab-like manner, 'but swiftly and silently along, contrived as the lady timidly entered those dark and gloomy arches, to glide in unperceived, and hide himself behind a massive pillar. There was not a creature in the yard, not a sound, save the distant hum that re minds one that none are near. The lady raised her veil, and the moon shone on a lovely face pale as her own. Poor girl, she trembled in every limb as she moved a few steps forward and thought of the dead that lay beneath her feet, and glanced at the monumental slabs on the walls, and marked the moonbeams flitting like ghosts from pillar to pillar. 'How terrible to be alone here,' she said to her self . 'When will they come?' Alone! It was terrible to be alone in such a spot, but far more terrible to be so near the being who, completely hidden from her view, was gazing intently upon her, and noting her every gesture and movement. As he watched her, he saw her take from her pocket a white rosette, and pin it on her breast, He understood that it was a preconcerted signal, by which some one in that ' darkness visible' was to recognise her. His teeth were set, his hands clenched, his face alternately pale and red. ' What can it all mean?' he said to himself, as, from the further end of the aisle, a woman ap proached with something in her arms. As she rapidly drew nigh the outline of a babe, wrapped in a shawl, was picked out by the moon light, and a white satin bow was seen gleaming in the moonlight on the woman's breast, too. 'Thank Heaven!' murmured the lady, 'It is she, and she has brought the child.' She moved forward,and holding out her arms, received the sleeping infant, and for some moments her quick sobs and soft kisses alone broke the silence, responded to by the low coo of the infant as it nestled in her bosom. While thus engrossed, absorbed by her affection ate endearments, a firm, quick step echoed through the vault-like aisles, and a tall, elegant young man, approaching the group, exclaimed, 'my love! my angel! Is it indeed you! And were you not afraid, my lovely one, to come here alone, so dark, so late as it is? Does not this meeting, and this our old trysting-place, recall the few bright hours that seemed an age of joy?' 'They do, indeed, my own !' said the lady. 'Heaven bless you, my treasure,' cried the young man. 'Is that our little one, child of life's spring, first snowdrop of the year ?' And he en circled the lady and the child with his arms, and tenderly kissing both, he said, ' I shall lose the last train, my beloved, if I stay one moment more, and, if I lose the train, I lose my passage too.' ' Oh, go then, my beloved, go. I am not so weak, so selfish, as to wish to keep you. Go, and and Heaven's blessing and mine go with you.' One long embrace of that fond, graceful, cling ing girl — one soft kiss on the fair babe's brow — and tie was gone. 'Heaven bless him I' sobbed the weeping lady. 'Curse him !' almost hissed the hunchback, livid with rage and jealousy. 'I mustn't keep the blessed babby one minute longer in this unkind catacotomb of a place,' said the woman. ' Why, bless its little heart, if it isn't beginning to shiver already. 'Whatever will you do, ma'am? Won't you venture a bit of the way with us?' 'Oh ! no ! no ! I dare not; but go now, and mind you wrap the darling well up,' she cried, kissing it again and again. 'Stay not another moment.' 'In ten minutes we'll be home, ma'am, by a good fire, and in a little while the blessed babe '11 have had its bath and its bottle, and be asleep in the cot,' said the woman, hurrying away. 'Stop,' said the lady, giving her a small parcel; 'you have my directions? You know exactly what to do, and how to do it. Put this on across its chest, and round its waist, and, oh!, take every care of my treasure, and may God prosper our plans.' 'Amen,' said the woman, hurrying away. The lady sank on her knees in silent prayer, and after remaining thus some minutes, she arose and left the cloisters. As she looked back for a moment at the mysteri ous depths behind her she fancied she saw clearly defined on that part of the wall which was white in the moonlight a gnome-like figure, its natural deformity much exaggerated in the shadow, like that of an evil destiny pursuing her. * My morbid fancy only,' she said, with a shudder. ' Yet how like -' The name was lost in the howl of the wind that met her and was soon whistling through the cloisters. She looked up. The sky was changed, clouds were careering about, and as she hurried out of Dean's Yard, the snow began to fall fast and thick, blinding her eyes, and making it im possible for one so little acquainted with the spot to be certain of her whereabouts. CHAPTER II. There's a temple whose proud elevation Ascends through the mists of the day, And around it a dense population In squalid and dingy array — Anon. The lady, as she left the arched entrance to Dean's Yard, felt uncertain which way to go. There was a cab-stand not very far off, but the snow prevented her seeing it. She hurried on in the direction of some flickering lights and found herself in the Broadway. Here was a new and startling phase of life for the delicate daughter of luxury and fashion. Here, in spite of cold and snow, costermongers of both sexes cried them selves hoarse in lauding their wares. The whole street was lined with their stalls. Candle-lamps threw their dull light on wooden trays of herrings, sprats, and dried haddocks; on pigs' feet and tripe; on piles of turnips, carrots, cabbages, potatoes; on stalls laden with coarse earthen ware; on stands of clumsy boots and shoes, and scores of cheap trinkets, bits of coloured glass set in mosaic gold; and girls and women, with their wet, discoloured feet through their worn boots, and their clothes in tatters, crowded round the tempting trumpery, trying to cheapen a necklace or a brooch. Thee, too, were ragged urchins "caten-wheeling" in the snow, and drunken women, with famished infants at their wasted, disordered bosoms, screaming, laughing, shouting, and fighting. 'Oh, what a dreadful place,' said the frightened lady to herself, as she was suddenly surrounded by lucifer-selling imps imploring her to buy; costermongers shouting in her ear; and drunken, abandoned women looking fiercely, as they always do, at the well-dressed, modest, and respectable of their sex. The lady had gathered up her rich silk robe, for the Broadway was become ,a perfect swamp with dirt and molten snow; and she was uncon scious that, in raising her dress, her little delicate foot and ankle, the former in a Paris boot, and the latter in a silk stocking, were exposed to view; and that the rich and delicate embroidery of her petticoat was displayed. 'My eye, there's a swell,' said a bold, shaggy gir. 'There's open 'ork for ye.' 'Well, we've got open 'ork too,' said another, holding up her looped and windowed raggedness, 'only it ain't of the right sort.' ' Let's have a look at her mug,' said the first, and she rudely tried forcibly to raise the lady's veil. Poor lady, wild with terror, she rushed in at the first door to ask for help and shelter. Outside, a woman, with a black eye and cut lip, was selling hot roasted potatoes. Inside, as the lady darted into the little bare room on the ground floor, she saw a drunken man asleep on the ground, and a group of ragged, unwashed children, playing with a few very dirty cards by the light the street-lamp threw into the squalid room. The lady stood for a moment on the thres hold. The children spied her, and set up a shout. The father woke, and seizing his pewter pot, raised it, as he said, 'Get out! We want no fine lady-preachers and teachers here. Come to spy out the nakedness of the land, are ye ? We want bread, we want money; we don't want no jaw. Whether ye're a Ranter or a Pusseyite, we want what ye won't give us, and not what ye will; we wants bread, not books; and clothes, not cate chisms; and a little tea and sugar, not tracts; and I wants a drop of beer above all. So get out. Out with ye, I say, or I'll make ye.' He hurled the pewter pot at her head, but luckily it missed its aim. The lady rushed out, and darting across the Broadway, looked anxiously up and down to see if she could discern a cab. 'Will you buy a nice pin-cushion, miss, or a pair, of sidecombs?' said a motherly-looking woman, who kept a little stall of such small matters. 'I will, presently,' gasped the lady; 'but I've been frightened by some rude women and a drunken man. Can you let me sit down for a minute, and will you give me a glass of water?' 'To be sure I can, and welcome; too, miss. Step this way, miss. Nancy, show a light. Bill, go and mind the stall. Poor young lady, you ain't used to such rough customers, I'll warrant; nor to the Broadway by night. Lawk-a- daisy, you're as cold as a stone; sit down here in my good man's chear. I'll stir up the fire. There — let me take off your bonnet a bit. Have a cup o' tea, do now, do'ee. I'd just got my good man's tea ready. He likes a good cup o' tea, and so does I.' The lady smiled her thanks. She looked round. All was clean, seat, and bright. A good fire blazed. The hearth waa nicely swept. Tea, bread, cheese, butter, and red herrings ware neatly set out on a round table, and four little children, with smooth hair, clean, happy faces, and clean night gowns, were singing their hymns to an elder girl in a little adjoining room, before going to bed. In a snug corner by the fire was an old-fashioned wicker cradle, yellow with time, and with, very large rockers, and in it slept a chubby, healthy baby; its infantine and unconscious grace curiously contrasted with the stiff ugliness of a large old-fashioned wooden doll, without which 'baby' would not go to sleep, and whose one eye glared fiercely at the sleeping cherub, whose little rosy hand clutched its few rough locks, through which might be seen a black skull-cap nailed to the wooden head. A little, pale, bright-eyed boy rocked the cradle. 'What good children,' said the lady; 'what a fine baby, and what a nice, tidy home.' ' does my best to keep it so,' said the woman, with honest pride. 'We're very poor, and we've a hard job to get a living, miss; and we can't afford no school but the ragged- school in Pear- street, Duck Lane, miss, - But, lawk-a-daisy, these aint no better for teaching all Christian wants to know and then, miss, my master aint like some. He don't drink; he brings me home all he earns. He says, for he've a bit o' fun in him, 'men wor made to bring money in, and women to lay it out." ' 'And very well said, too' replied the lady, smiling, 'I Wish all husbands were as sensible. How fond your little boy seems of the baby, he rocks it so gently.' 'Ah, that he do, ma'am; he's as good son a mother to it.' ' fear he is not very healthy,' said the lady. 'He haw not the chubby, rosy cheeks of the rest.' 