TO THE EDITOE OF THE ' DAILY TELEGRAPH.' Sir, — I have read, the whole of your letters respecting ;he belief or otherwise in ghosts, and cannot refrain any longer from 'giving you my own experience. I may preface my story by Eta ting that previous to November 7, 18(59, I a'.ways laughed at ihe bare idea, and now for rev etory. I was staying in Brighton on the day men tioned with Eome friends who were about to pro ceed abroad. Two Jadies, a cousin, and myself went out to dine a Kemptown. - It being a most charm ing moonlight night, I toid my friends i should preTer -walking home to ' Brunswick-square (the other end of tie to-srn.) I accordingly proceeded on the sea-side of the Esplanade. When just opposite tbe Bedford Hotel & carriage and pair drew up alongside the rails with two men on the box and an elderly lady inside. I was greatly .startled, as the wh'eels made no noise ; 'but at once 1 took about naif a, dozen steps to* wards the carriage to Bee what it meant, when I distinctly recognised- the occupant as my grand mother, whom 1 had left perfectly well at Chel tenham a few days before, also her coachman and tootm&n; on the box- . I at once vaulted over the rails opposite the carriage. At tae same moment It struck ~aie sub most out of the ~wjgf that an old lady of 83 should bring all her Mpcgings from Cheltenham t» Brighton, withouffiriforming her relations of 4he move. As I toached the ground I made one step forward, to greet her, when to my horror the , whole thisg; vanished. When I recovered myself X went straight home and told the ?who:ecircxun3taiiOesof thecase. Of course every one laughed at me, and. told me that it was fortunate there were wit nesses who could speak to my per fect sobriety. I was very put out, and hardly slept all night. : Early next morning we received a telegram that my post- old -grandmother had been found dead, in her bed at 7.30 that, morning. This circumstance I shall never forget, as you may imagine. Hoping you will not think my Btory too long for publication in your valuable journal, — I beg to remain, faithfully yours, W. M. 