&ENEBAL; KEWS, The Bishop of Adelaide has been ordered by his medical adviser to give up his business, which has been transferred to the Vicar- General (Dean Bnssell). The Eisbop of Enllarat is ex pected- to visit.the Dic-cese of Adelaide shortly to hold confirmations. The latest report from the New Royal Grown Mice, at Heathcote, Victoria, states ttut the contractors have sunk oca foot and timbered 30 feet during the qasb week, and that the sinking cf tbe shaft is again resumed. . The proprietors of Adelaide Punch are so satisfied-with the reception which their comic almanac has had (the first edition being disposed of in twenty- four hours) that they have arranged for a fresh Supply ot the humorous colored cartoons from the Melbourne Punch proprietors, and .advertise... that they will issue a second edition in a few days. A very sudden death occurred at Maclaren Vale on Tuesday, January 4. A favui laborer named Kobert Stearne had, with others, been employed all the morning winnowing wheat, and up to dinner time was quite well arid cheerful. While eating his dinner he com plained of thirst, aud went out of the house to get a drink." Not returning, his companions went to look for him, and fonnd him lying on bis face quite dead. An inquest was held on Tuesday evening, and a verdict returned cf death from heart disease. Ine debased, who was fifty-five years of age, has left a Wife end one child. A gieat deal of discussion has taken place of late emong the farming community with respect to the American Defiance aad Ohamplain wheats, which are ajleged to be rust proof. We mentionedd a short time ago vailous experiment? which bad heen made with these wheats, and which had been of a most satis fac tory nature, and that fully appreciating the value of having a thoroughly rust- proof wheat in the colony the Commissioner of Crown Lauda had telegraphed to Messrs. Bliss ec Co., seeds men, of New York, asking them at what price they could supply the Defiance wheat, and what quantity they could send to this colony. An answer hes fcsen received from the firm stating that they would only be able to supply 75 bushels at a cost of four dollars a bushel. Since the Commissioner despatched his telegram to New York a circumstance has arisen which will complicate matters. Seme badly rusted camples of Defiance and Ohamplain wheats, grown by Mr. W. Haines, M.P., have been show a to tbe Commissioner, and although the grasa is sli right, it could not ba said that the wheats are free from the attacks of rnst. In view of this difficulty, and before purchasing any of the American wheat, the Commis doner has wrl ten to Mr. J. Daw, the president of the Farmers' Association at Crystal Erook, asking him if he thinks it would he advisable to introduce the wheat here, and requestibg him te obtain the opinions of the farmers ot his district in the matter. The fourth session of the ninth Parlia ment, convened for the special purpose of giving effect to the border convention recently entered into by this colony with New South Wales, was opened by His Excellency the Governor on Tuesday afternoon, January 4. At 2 o'clock the meeting of both Honses took place in accordance with proclamation, and con sidering the unusual period at whioh the session was held, there was a large attendance of mem bers. Shortly after 2 o'clock His Excellency the Governor, who was accompanied by Colonel Downes, Major Fergusaon, and Mr. J. Jervois (privatesecretary),arrived at Parliament House, and was saluted by a guard of honor, consisting of about fifty volunteers, under Captain Wright, drawn up in front of the building. His Ex cellency proceeded to the Legislative Coun cil Chamber, where, the members of the Lower House having been summoned, the open ing address was read. The spseob, whioh waB a brief one, gave an explanation of the various resolutions agreed to at the recent Intercolonial Conference, and explained that the objeot of calling Parliament together was to obi tin the necessary legislative sanction for the in creaseu oa articles, imposed by the Government in accoiu^"c9 with the con vention entered into with New South The terms on which the convention had been ar ranged were referred to as fair and equitable. After the delivery of the speech the only busi ness done in tbe Council was the election of a committee to draw np a reply to His Excel lency's address. In the Lower House, however, the sitting lasted t*.'l after 5 o'clock. The fit?i, business brought before members was the elec tion of a Speaker in place of the late lamented Sir George Kingston, whose death caused a vacancy in that office. Mr. B. D. Boss, one of the members for Wallaroo, was the choice of , the House, aud on the motion of the Hon. J. Golton, seconded by the Hon. L. Glyde, was unanimously elected to the Speaker's chair. His high qualifications for the office were feel ingly alluded to by representatives of both sides of theHonse, and Mr. Boss made a suit-.. | able reply, in which he referred to the peculiar difficulties by which he was surrounded in suc ceeding so able a Speaker as Sir George King ston. The valuable services rendered by the deceased gentleman to the colony, and specially the excellent tone whicn he gave to parliamen tary deliberations in this colony by his tact, impartiality, ana dignity as Speaker, were also made the Bubject of comment by the Treasurer and other members. According to the usual form the Speaker-elect was presented to His Excellency the Governor, who was pleased to approve of tbe choice of the House. . After this a I number of questions were asked of the 'Government and answered, several pe titions were presented against tbe re cent increases of . the duties on. wines, spirits, and tobacco; and the draft address ia reply to His Excellency's speech was brought up, its adop-. tion being moved by Mr. Fowler (one of the dele gates at the recent conference), and seconded by Mr. Peacock. Both gentlemen spoke in support of this recent convention, • and Mr. Fowler entered into a lengthy defenoe of the action taken by the - Government in increasing the duties, also availing himself of the opportunity to reply to the charge of personal interest in the aotion he took" at the recent conference. The debate was adjourned after the two speeches, and will be resumed again to-dav, whea both Houees will meet at the usual hour. It is not intended that the session shall last beyond the present week, as the representatives of South Australia will have to leave the city on Sunday next for the purpose of attending the adjourned conference at Sydney. The House of Assembly will be'asked to sit late this evening. : Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co. have received a telegram from the directors of the P. & O. Company, annonnolng that arrangements have been made for their steamers to leave Adelaide on Fridays instead of Sundays. The new.time table will come into operation with the depar ture of the steamer Cathay, which will leave Adelaide on the 21st of January instead of the 23rd, as advertised. The Marine Board will hold an enquiry to-day into the recent collision between the steamer Governor Musgrave and ketch Three Sisters. The following tenders for Government works were opened on Tuesday, January 4 Engineer-in-Ohief's Department— Goods plat forms, &o.;, at Kadina, Green's Plains East, Blyth,and Snowtown, 5, J. Sedunary, lowest. Hydraulic Department—500 fireplug posts. Two tenders.. J. Fountain. Arohiteot-in-Ohiefs De partment—Port Pirie 8dhool, additions, 3, J. Fitzpatrick, lowest; Laura Post-Office, addi tions, 3, W. J. Bowker, lowest. The Kapunda Herald has received a return showing the weights and values of the ores raised by the few tribnters who have been at work at the old Kapunda mine (now Mr. W. B. Morton's property) daring the thirteen months commencing December, 1879. Eleven [ parcels of ore have been sent down, aggregating | 2,313 "•.ens 1 cwt., yielding 45-tonB 5 owe. 11 lbs. 1 oi copper, a little over 19§; por cent., t;:: gross value being £2,883 9s. 4d. This,says the Herald,. is not so bad for what was regarded as a r^rked-out mine. ; A.meetiDar was beld jafc the Tanunda Hotel on Monday evening, Januarys,to consider the subject of the representation of the distr.'ct in the ensuing Parliament. Mr. W. A. Ohlmeyer was voted to the chair. After &»few prelimi nary remarks from the chairman Mr. Carl Wilberth proposed Mr. Basedow, M.P., as a fit and proper person to represent the-district, and also that a petition be presented to-him aakiog him to come forward as a candidateat the ne.*:o election. This was seconded by- Mr. W. JET. Buckerfield, and supported by Mr. Walden an-„ hfr. Tbwaites, all these gentlemen speaking highly of Mr. Basedow's capabilities. Mr. Thwaites proposed—' That the meeting is of opinion that we do not pledge ourselves to any other candidate at present till we see who comes forward." Both propositions were carried unani mously. Some very remarkable experiments which took place early in November- at the entrance of the North Hrrfcor, Peterhead, are described by the Dundee Advertiser as having been attended^ by very satisfactory results. Bottles filled with oil were sank to the bottom of the harbor, in which the sea was breaking heavily. The eil was then released, and rising to the surface it exercised an immediate and tr agical effect in smoothing the troubled waters. Instead of the waves breaking the sea-became quite smooth and glassy-looking, and there waj a visible softening down of the waves, which in place of being sharp-crested were turned into long undulating seas. The opinion of those who witnessed the experiments was that if by the use of a simple invention of Mr. Shields, of Perth, oil can be laid on continuously by pipes to the bars of all exposed harbors it will be quite possible to smooch down the stormy waves so, £8 to enable vessels to gain port in safety even amidst the fiercest storms. An ingenious method for obviating f:o quent stoppage of trains at stations, and yet accommodating the passengers from these sta tions, devised by M. Hanrez, is described by Iron. A " waiting carriage," comprising a steam-engine > with speoial gear, and space for passengers and luggage, is placed on a siding at the station, and picked up by the train as it goes past. The latter, by means of a hook on its last carriage, catches a ring supported on a post, and connected, with a cable wound on a drum in the waitiag carriage. Thereupon the drum begins to un wind, and in doing so compresses a system of springs, while the carriage is moved at a rate gradually increasing to tfiat of the train. The eDgine of the carriage then winds in the cable, the train and carriage are connected, passengers are transferred (the carriages being, of the American type) from the joined carriage to the train and vice versa, then the two are discon nected, and the engine of the carriage working on the wheels brings it back to the station v hence it was taken. A fire broke out at Mr. Duff 's farm, c-u. the Light, on December 29, which did. some con siderable damage before it wa3 extinguished.. "From Mr. Duff's statement,"says the Kapunda paper, "it appears he was reaping about a mile away from where the fire started j. on. seeing the smoke he stopped the machine and called his brother, unyoked the horses, rode down to the next fence, and then ran to the fire and found Mr. Terence HiDe, his wife, and son,, beating out the flames, which by this time had extended ■.iOm Mr. Duff's paddock into Mr. Hine'a stubble paddock. Patiiok Martiu and his son (aged nine years) resided in the paddock where the fire broke out. Martin said he heard a crackling noise when inside the hut, and on goiDg outside saw the fire on the rise just above She hut. Be fore the fire was got under it destroyed on Mr. Duff's farm, about twenty-five acreB of grass, and some fencing; and on Mr. Hine's farm, a large patch of grass, two stacks of hay (about thirty tons), winnowing machine, a shed, and some empty wheat bags. Neither Mr. Hiuesnor Mr. Duff are insured. At the inquest held by Mr. K' Samara, J.P., on the fire at Mr. Kyan's farm, . be jury returned the following verdict: —"We are of opinion that there is strong circum stantial evidence to connect Carl Conine with the burning, but not sufficient proof that he did it. Compe, who was shepherding for Mr. J. N: Smith, was on bad terms with Ilr. ttyan oh account of complaints as to the sheep tres passing." The Esndigo Advertiser reports that on the SOth of December a sensational incident took place during the journey of the noon train from Sandhurst to Melbourne. The train iu question left the Sandhurst station, the pas sengers being packed into the close atmosphere oi the carriages without any regard to their comfort or convenience—a circumstance which, of course, the local officials were unable to obviate, as they had no additional carriages available. The heavily-laden train went on all right until when ascending a steep gradient known as the Poronpine bank, between Havens wood and Harcourt, the passengers seated in one of the carriages discovered that the floor was on fire. This discovery, as may readily be conceived, hemmed in as the passengers were in a crowded compartment, created the greatest alarm amoDgst the passengers, who, in tlieif terror, screamed lustily. As the train fortu nately was dec sending the bank its pace wat slow, and the screams of the passengers reached the ears of Guard Beagley, who at crce applied the brake, and hung out the danger flag. The signal was quickly observed by the engine-driver and fireman, and the train stopped ivitbin a hundred jards. The guard then ran along to the carriage from whence the cries proceeded, and seeing what pad happened got the passengers out, procured tonie and, assisted by Inspectors Coats and Donaldson, vrho were in the train, extin guished the fire. It 7*38^ then ascertained that the fire had been caused through the springs of the carriage being unable to hear the excessively heavy weight of the passengers who were crowded into it, and the bolts consequently settling down on the springs until they became red-hot with the Motion and set the floor on fire. In order to lighten the burden of the car riage some of the passengers were plaoed in the guard's van before the train resumed its journey, and Inspector Donaldson rode with the others in the compartment in which the fire had oc curred, with tbe guard's fire-backet fall of water ready for aDy further emergency. The train, however, reached Oastlemaine without any other mishap, and the oa"ivuge in which the scene occurred was then shunted off the train. We have received from Messrs. Sarjvugoar & Sons their lithographic almanac for the c jrrent yeev. 'The wincing numbers obtained in the drawing of prizes in connection with £b. Law rence's Itomau Catholic Church, North Adelaide, will be found in oar advertising columus, ;The entertainment at the Academy of Music has been very well patronised during the holiday season, and as its attractions are un diminished it will no doubt coutinue to draw good houses. The pantomime at the Theatre Royal continues to attract large and well pleas:! audiences. The principal scenes are nightly ap plauded, and the leading performers receive the well-deserved plaudits of the auditory, espe cially of the juvenilos. ' ■There was a fair attendance at Graraer'a Theatre on Tuesday evening, when Professor Pepper's entertainment was carried out to the evident satisfaction of all' present. The-.excel lent views of London, the amusing ghost sdehes, Mrs. Jarley's waxworks, and the mitthrprdvoking - shadow pantomime, ill met with approval. The entertainment will'be repeated this evening. . On Tuesday evening, January 4," the big English circus troupe brought their highly suc cessful season to a close. -The announcement that Mr. Benhamo, the manager and clown, was to take his benefit on the occasion, and the fact that it was the last night of the clever per formances of the company in Adelaide, induced a very large number to visit the tent. As as aal the programme presented was carried out with out a hitch, and the numerous equestrian, acrobatic, and juggling feats compelled the loud applause of the spectators, while Mr. Benhamo, whose comicalities always excite great laughter, almost outdid himself, and was awarded a full meed of applause. The sp9ctaole of the panto mime pig, chased by half a dozen blindfolded lads armed with clubs, was productive of muoh amusement. The animal managed to elud9 its " pursuers for a considerable time, bat was even tually secured by one of the boys and became bis property. To- night and on Thursday the troupe will appear at Fort Adelaide, and on the two following evenings the residents ofGawler and Kapunda, respectively, will have an oppor tunity of seeing their excellent performances. Subsequently the company will proceed to other country towns, and will then probably return to Adelaide. 