NEWS AND NOTES. Particulars of a terrible disaster which occurred in the Straits of Magellan will be found in our telegraphic columns. In the Legislative Council last evening, after .tbs transaction of soma unimportant business, thn'debate on the Kcforip Bill was commenced in committee of the whole, Sir Charles Sladen; who (roe the first speaker, sttongly opposed the clause providing for the dissolution'* of the present Counoil. He was followed on the same side by Mr Outhbert, who said it would not be consistent with the formation of the House to pass this clause. The hon. gentle men agreed to the reduction of the time of tenure of office, but opposed tbs single eleo torate plan proposed,' He announced hiß in tention of moving an amendment that there be 14 electorates, each returning 3 members. The ' other speakers before the refreshment hour were Mr Lorimer, Mr M«cßa:n, and Mr Held. The proceedings yesterday in the Assembly wore of a most uninteresting character. Ques tions were put to the Ministry by hon. mem bers respecting the requirements of their several constituencies, and the redress, of all grievances promised. Maps of the mining dis tricts of the colony arp to be prepared, railway carriages are to be better lighted, passengers to and from St. Arnaud are no longer'to be needlessly delayed at Maryborough, statistics, .of the quantity of wheat annually grown in Victoria are to bp furnished with as little delay as possible, and the question of titles to residence areas legislated upon. Mr Berry took occasion, when answering a question put by Mr Carter, to say that if hon. members persisted in talking on all sorts of subjects, as they did, he could not hold out aqy hopes of a prorogation, but could only adjourn the House for a abort time prior to the commencement of the next session. The Ballarat. Coursing Club's Derby and. Oaks meeting will commence at 9 o'clock this morning, the dogs to be in slips at Smith's gate', Bnrrnmbeet, at that time. As the entries are nnmerous, and the dogs first rate,- there should, if .the weather prove propitious, be some splendid sport, the more especially as hares are said to -be very plentiful in the locality. Those persons who wish to go by. train will have to leave by the 6. a.m., as the 7 aim. train has been discontinued. At the meeting of the Ballarat Stock IJx\ change yesterday the resignations of Messrs- Stoddart and Millard were accepted after a lengthy and animated diacqsajoq. The value of house .property in the east would still appear, to keep up, as Mr Tun bridge yesterday offered for sale the premises opposite Messrs Phillips and Bond’s store in the Main Btreet, lately occupied by Mr Pavis, the .pawnbroker's shop. The highest bid was £745, and the property was bought in at £750. A boy fqur years o.f age, nampd Hjdwgrd Savage, whose parents reside in Skipton street, was admitted into the Hospital yesterday morning Buffering from a fracture of the'thigh. It seema that hs had simply been chasing a cat, when bo fell aqd sustained the injury mentioned. The necessary surgical assistance was rendered to the little sufferer, who is now progressing favourably. There was a blank charge-sheet at the Town Police Court this morning. Within the laBj; day or two ye have heard it stated that some changes are likely soon to be made.in the loeal police force, and that Bdla rat ia once more to haye the prestige which the presence of a resident euperinEendeht.of the force would confer. While of course of opinion that the importanoe of Ballarat aa- a populous and wealthy city fully entitles it to be made the hesaqaarters of the police distrjeji, aoder a resident superintendent,' we must not be understood as underrating in any way the' valuable services rendered by the officer now in charge,. The Ballarat and Sebastopol Cabmen’s Pro. teatiyo Union has issued ifs rules and regula tj<W 'foi' membership. AbouV fifty" membferh' are'now enrolled iu their union, and there'is at present, tve learn, bvery 'prospect that the organisation will Wflfh ffejj. A looal cabman (Mr frederiak Baker) met with a mishap on Tuesday evening In Lydiur'd street, next the Qlobs hotel. It seems that one of his horses, with a carryall attached, bolted, and in the course of his career came into collision vylfclj. a tj-eergnardj smashing the febdVdyanM.' Mr fellow cabmen ex press sympathy With filin' in ' hii loss, more eapegiajly r i| he has' njcf wjtb ‘two or three ptijer ifls'ssa witfein q ahflrt time,' The ereotion of the new iron palisading round the Bastern Town Hal! gardena is being' rapidly proceeded with; under the supervision ot Messrs Lewis and Boberts, the contractor's. Tho top qf the railings are spear-shaped, hand- • idmdly : pfhajhente)4’ y}t|i jcrhjl-work to match those arc pup thg police Station. Th®. stone piers Are nU in their places, and the whole;' when finished, will have a very pleasing, light, and airy appearance, and add much to the adornment of- that part of the town. The. ironwork waß all manufactured by' Mr Be-' talliSfc. " »• - ' * _. The City authorities are vey busy at present iu making a covered drain in Lydiard street, where the old Sebastopol cab-stand Hsed to be, and we are informed that it is the intention of " the City fathers'""to rgfljiqve the Qhrke and Wills monument to a position opposite the Town-hall, and make a. semi-circular drive round the Sugg lamp on that aide. A' similar sweep will also be made opposite. the. Boat office by taking a slice off the gardens on; that side of-Lydiard street.- This will not only be very convenient, but it will also be ornamental, - and doubtless do away with the to* the lamp being in the middle of the atrosß! Mayor Lewis attended at the police Court yesterday rapping ahdS&ei; j,-one drunkard 10s antojSf fid - - cab-faiSj in default three daya’. William Smith waa fined in a similar ankoqnt for.'ffaving.nsed obscene language.. Joseph FeitfierstohC, a\ very old man, vdCunkehtiess, was remanded for a Week, for medical super vision. r Yesterday evening we were afforded an opportunity of inspecting the Britannia Chal lengo Cup, for therlfeat' hosbWpraotico at tho forthcoming United Fire BrigadetfV Demon stration. The cup, which was won last year 1 -kldhe bo -won party before it becomes their ■ property. It -is a magnificent 'vase, of-feolid-eilyer, beautifully chased; and. is 23\. inches in Aeight.by -22 ipchea in circumfer ence; the 1 stand being dsrk'walfiut 1 . The cup is uow.pn view, at-.the Exhibition Mart. Tho; trophy is one which is well calculated to excito competition fortho’ownership .of it. The usual weekly-' meeting of the United Fire Demonstration Committee.was, held last evb'niug; Captainllorria in the chair. The secretary reported returns from tha various brigades showing .tho hntnher of fireiiieh who had notified their. ; intention of. being 'present to be 1878, includipg 22: bands;, also that the committee had. arranged with--the- company' wHe had taken the Academy.' : of Music for one- ofjthe o.n th.a;nightß of-the . k,- er *d 25th May. -Tha .various sub-com mittees reported progress, and the meeting adjourned for a week;G' ’• 1.1 !.t J % The monUily meeting,of the Ballarat'Horth cultural,, Society waa .held in tfie Mechanics' Institute last; night; Mr .Andrew Anderson, president) in the chair. Present Messrs .Laidlaw,-Taylor,.Rosa, Rennie,-Reid, Ca’mpbell,' Hogan; Johnston; Perry, and Rennie; 'Several accounts .were, passed, for payment..- It was resolved, that, the annual meeting of subscribers ■ be- held- in; the Mechanics'lnstitute-on'Wed nesday; the 18th inatant; also, that nomina tions for"all honorary officers of the sooiaty be mado with the secretary throe dear days prior to the holdiog of the,annual meeting. The exhibits Were as follow:—By Thomas Lang, -Rennie', and -Co.—Arbutus Unedo strawbeny tree; extra fine. Golden fruited; holly; Hex- Save;new; commended. ' By J. Ross, Hospital —Specimens of bottle gourd (ornamented) and Hewtown pippin apple; highly commended; By D. Laidlaw—Qenlaniana acaulis; a very nice exhibit.. Senicii elegans, eenicufiori albo; .-very good. -By :M. Hogan—Dish trophy . tomatoes; a fine exhibit. Dish ; apples, true Ben’. Heviß; good, 1 By James Brewster :.eix varieties -of -.ohrysanthiums, thirteen new-named varieties; a- very good, collection. 1 / : The following report of Mr J. Holland, M. A., Inspector of Schools, 'the 'resiilts of the examinations conducted By him' at : the Smythesdale State school, Ho. 978, on Monday and Tuesday last, has been kindly, handed to 'ohr Smythesdale correspondent for-phtilication: —“ School, as usual, passes moat creditably in nearly- all subjects; grammar; however, still continues rather weak. Paper wprk . of 4th class may be neater. Infant room la in capital order, good; records complete to date. There is a great want of ; reading backs; department expects that two-thirds of these be -provided by Bchqol children; Extra subjects— . I'.Was much pleased with . manner in which .easyi. dictatiou: given' in English was written jdown inoLitin, and: French; teaohing in these subjects thoroughly practical.". The number of, children examined was 242; seven were absent, and '27 obtained' their certificates. Results, B 6 598. . . ■ : 'The greon at the Eastern Oval i-s now under going ploughing operations, preparatory to'a new pitch being formed for the wickets of next season's play. The usual meeting of St. Paul's Mutual Im provement Association was held ou Tuesday evening; Mr C. Stoneman in the chair. Three persons were elected aa members. 'A piper 'entitled “ Seven months at sea " was delivered by one of the members in an admirable man ner. The essayist waa complimented by several of the members upon the very able way in which he had dealt with the subject. It was resolved to adjourn the meeting till Tuesday, the 17th, in consequence of the annual distribution of prises in connection with the Sunday-school. The business for the next meeting will be the letter-box. After a unani mous vote of thanks to the essayist the pro ceedings closed. . - The ordinary meeting of the Heil street Mutual Improvement Association was held on last Friday evening. The vice-president (Mr Stringer) occupied the ohair. Some small matters of business were disposed of. The programme for the evening, namely, im promptu speech-making was .not adhered ia, the opportunity being, taken for further dis flHssion upon Mr. Weight's lately-delivered essay on the “Holy Ghost.” Some interesting arguments were brought forward during the debate, and a most enjoyable' evening was Bpent. The meeting was closed in the usual manner, The usual fortnightly meeting of the Loyal Ballarat Lodge, M.U.1.0.0.F., was held last night at-the lodge-room, British Queen hotel, when there was a large attendance of members, and H-G. Tutton presided- A quantity of correspondence of a routine nature was read and disposed of, including the reports of oom mirtses appointed to amend bylaws Hob. 12 and 13. The reports were received, and will be . dealt with at the Bpecial summoned meeting, to be held on the l§tfl May at the lodge-room. The reports on the sick were also received, and the sick pay due ordered to be paid. The reports of committees on three candidates seeking membership'were received, qnd, being considered satisfactory, the appli cants were balloted for aud proposed. Three applications for membership were also reeeived, and enquiry committees appointed. -The re ceipts for the evening amounted to £6l 15s 6d, A vote of thanks was accorded to the •visitors,' who suitably responded.--After some /minor business had' Been disposed of, the three propositions were closed,-and the meeting terminated. List 'Tuesday 'evening the Ballarat East Lodge of Good Templare held its quarterly meeting, when tfiero was a very good attend ance of members and visitors. An official visit Was reeeived from tho Grand Worthy Coun- Bailor of Victoria, Br Binder, who had travelled twenty-one miles to be present; the brother was introduced by P.W.C.T. Br Jenkins and W.M-Be Brennan, and accorfied a seat on the W.C.T.'s right. . Most satisfactory reports were received from the secretary, Br Sayers, and finance committee, Rrs George King and J. B. Gray, showing the lodge to be in a flourishing condition financially. One. candidate was initiated, and three proposed for next lodge night. The Grand Counsellor complimented the lodge on the manner they transacted their business, being the best he had visited. The Ballarat East Lodge had always maintained its good name, and he felt confident that they would continue to do so. The executive had requested him to visit this lodge officially, and he hoped to bs able to do so ofte'n 'd'uring his term of office. He urged on the young mem bers to consider well their obligation, aud always to be on their guard, for when we least expected’;t- ye may be overtaken. He had elteays been well reoeived when visiting this lodge, and therefore felt quite at home. He hoped that Ballarat would endeavour tb-have a similar, gathering to what they had ia August last. He resumed' his seat amidst ap plause. The D.G.W.C.T-, Er Jenkins, assisted by. Grand' Counsellor Br Binder, and'P.D.D.G.W.C., T. King then installed the officers for the ensuing quarter as P.W.C.T., Br Albert Bejer; W.C.T., Br J. B. Gray- W.V.T,, Br Walker; SJ.S., Rr A- Sayers; W.A.S., Sr Chapman;'R.ECS. Sr E. Mills; L.H.S.; Sr A.Hood; W.C., Sr A Brennan; W.T., Br F; G. Evans; W.F.S., Br Heilson; W.M., BrH. Jenkins; W.D.M:, Sr Becca; W.J.G., Br Jamieson; W.0.G., Br Young. Votes of thanks were passed to the grand lodge officer, also illtallipg officers, Ths lodge waq duly closed at 10 o'clock! . ' - • -=• .- . Up to a jate' jjpqr }ast night, tfie City lock- HP had not received' a single inmate, oven on the ob&rge; of -drunkenness. ’ The Rev. J. ! H. L. Zillmanti, who preached so able ’ a sermon in Christ Church, on Sunday morning will, we are informed, be in Ballarat again;very shortly. We understand 'that Mr ZTlmann will- looture in St. John's sobool p&otn;,. Soldiers "Hill - next Week, the Right Baverend the Bishop in 'the ohair, and will preaoh in St. John’s Church on Sunday, the lSth inst. ‘ The building trade is not going to he alack during the winter months, judging frqm the wotforin'progreta and'those about to be under-. taken.--- MesSra -Watts and Jackson, architects are (reports tha Geelong Advertiser) preparing* for the erection of a two-story brick building for Mr E. Kenny, of Moorabool street The same architects-will ql,a have tha supervision of the brick-budding at Queensoliff, designod ■to take the place of Admana' hotel. These ore indications of a desire -to have eubetantisl atruotures erected*. In the event of Mr Shperintendent Choniley bewg.appointed. Chief -Commissioner of- Police, of .which there is (saye th» Geelong Advertiser) :^7 .2-£W£ihood, judging from the course of events with the Police Boafd Epqdity, thefe wilLfie a change in the appoint, monte.-of pokes officers. There is a rumour tbatbSapermteodent Sadlier will be sent to Geefong, aqdiiSub inspectors Toohey and Montfott Wfl&jbe; sent to the Horth-Easteru districts, meeting of the committee of the Victoria Racing Club waa held on Tuesday afternoon at the offices, Bourke street west, when it waß decided to.call for applications for the post of jsecretary, vacant by the death .of. MrR. C. Bagot. " Applications have to be sent uii'OGfcro the let of June, addressed , to" the' sh i r )? an ’ Ga P. tain Siandisb. . We understand a *ba question -of‘‘the-inconring"secretary's *2 be cbntidersd at the' next monthly meeting oi the committee on the 7th June. „:i;,i a ! bardl? ., I '? auU wa » (reports ths Tele graph) committed on aigirl nin £ of named Mabel Payne, by a, man, namb un .known, between .9 and 10 o'clock on Monday ' evening, at the- corner of Spring ond Bourke streets. The girl had been sent on a me3aa(;a to the White Hart hotel, and was Waiting for a'bus to. take her home, when the uQotidar addressed her, and then took hold of her, and -‘attempted to force her Aver towards the Par liament House Beeerre. She resisted, and he theh> put.-a penny iuto her hand, and threatened her with a knife. ,'She screamed lustily; and he then made off before anybody; in the locality could come up. The occurrence has . been reported to the police. Tha girl would know the man again. Squatterdom (writes the CamperdovM. Chronicle) has had a long run of it in South' Australia, and it has a longer run before it yet. Hot only so, but the squatters do things on a large scale there, and not on a small one, as theyido,in some places.; Werelbha of them to be presented with the whole, of the Victorian mallee country .whichis to be cut up into 500 C and 10,000. acre blocks, he would probably turn up .his nose at it. Only think, as we gather from-- the South-Australian Advertiser of the 21st dost., J of twenty lessees taking up a lease oi .27,000 square miles, contiguous to each other, at and' beyond. Phillip's Ponds, 110 miles to the north-west , of Fort Augusta, and of there being-about 40,000 square miles more ready to be taken up, but .upon which they did not venture, 1 because it was too distant from the seaboard, and not because they had not the means of stocking it. ’ The fact of tho matter is, that the whole of that land will be taken up and stocked as soon as they get their trans continental railway afloat,., and hundreds of thousands of square miles more—all;-' in fact,. lying between the head of Spencer’s Guli and Port Darwin, in the Hortheru.Territory—thus' opening up what is properly called Central Australia, the most productive, probably, of all. - ! .. . v ~ Commenting upon the manner in which the Government has given way on the land tax appeal coats, the Argus writes:—“ The Govern ment have seen fit to give way in the Coldham case, but under circumstances which call for comment. The Bubject was fully debased in tha Assembly yesterday, and finally Ministers said that they would recognise, not tbe judg ment of the Supreme Court ordering payment of costs, but the fact that the House waa against them. The impropriety of this position is obvious. It may be said, indeed, that every sentence which Ministers Bpoke wa3 reprehen* Bible. Mr Berry chose to take tha position, that the House ought not to diveatitaeli of any advantage it possesses in connection with the land tax until the amending bill has passed the Council. If the bill became law, the easts Would be paid at once; if not, then the claims 'would ■ bo considered. In other* words, the costs due to suitors were to be used for the purpose of coercing, bribing, or influencing the Upper Houso. And Mr Vale de nounced as * Toryism ' the doctrine submitted by Sir Bryan O’Loghlenj that a ‘judgment of the Supreme Court ought to be regarded ae aa order on the Treasury for * payment,‘ and de. clares that he will never give his adhesion to such a principle. The opinion of the House Mr Vale eays he will respect, but not the de; cision of the judicial tribunals of the realm. This is the lauguage of the Attorney-General of the day,- and it would be wroug to allow it to pass without a protest. The very doctrine which Mr Vale .denouuces, wo must insist is the only principle compatible with honest government, for if the judicial authority is to be maintained, then the Government which sets an example to the community is bound to be the first to Buhmit to adverse decisions. Of oourso the government may appeal, but it muet either appeal or pay. It has no more right to keep a judgment creditor out of his money by virtue of prerogative "than a citizen has to defeat a judgment by a- fraudulent’ transfer of his property.*’ Another instanoe of the liberality of many of our wealthy landowners ia (writes the Adver tiser) instanced in the Little River district. The Presbyterian body in that locality have long been in the want of a suitable building for divine worship, and, although several attempts had been made, the matter was always allowed to drop. Since the return of Mr R, Chirnside, of Mount Rothwell, from Scotland, however, where that gentleman and his family have been sojourning for the past two years, the necessity of the erection of a churoh ex clusively (or the use of the Presbyterians has been taken up by Mr Chirnßide himself, he having headed tho list with a donation of £6OO, the remainder to bo supplemented by the members of the denomination in that locality. Mr- Chirnside will also contribute £l5O per annum towards the clergyman's stipend. . Young ladies in Echuca apparently have a fashion of their own for settling their quarrels. The Riverine Herald reportß that a disgraceful scene occurred in Hare street on Sunday even ing . about 8 o'clock.. Two girls of about eighteen years of age having had a dispute, pulled off their ulsters, and assaulted each other, dj la Mace, in the moßt approved fashion. A large crowd gathered, and tho disgraceful exhibition continued till a constable arrived and parted the fair but furious belligerents. The causa in this instance is said - to be a young man. Aa a financial reformer Mr A, Clark:ia evidently not a success, Qn the additional Customs estimates being reported on Tuesday, Mr Murray Smith called attention to the net result of Mr A T. Clark's alleged savings. The gross savings were £9,065, but tha compen sations paid amounted to £9438, the pen sions amounted to _ £2,326, or a total of £11,764. The increase for the year is £2,718. The pensions are permanent, and, in addition, Messrs Sprout, Greyille, and Reca have to be provided (or. the immediate result is that the statistical work has broken down, and that a board has been sitting on a defaulter who is likely to be excused on the plea that hg ia overburdened with work. • A apecial cahlegvam to tfia Argus states that Mr John Dillon, member for Tipperary, has been arrested and lodged in Kilmainham Qaol, in Dublin. Mr Parnell, M.P., in alluding to, the arrest in the House of Commons, regretted that the Government had deprived his friend the member for Tipperary of his rights. The Home Rule members were muoh irritated at .the action of the. Government, and obstructed the business of the House. The loss of life by tfia wreak of the Tararqa cauqot be exactly pleasured. According to the first reports ‘(says the Argus) about 120 per sons perished; but it will have been seen from the full account which wo published yesterday that 20 or 30 passengers whose names are not known went on board tho vessel at ‘ the’ differ, ent pqrtg. and this niimber must be added to the death roll. It has been discovered, our Wellington correspondent telegraphs, that amongst the passengers whose names did not appear in the list are Messrs H, Rosenfeldt and four children, who wero comiog (q Melbourne to join Mr Rosenfeldt. Another ‘‘ job" has been perpetrated by the Ministry. We learn from the Argus that on Monday last the southern portion of tho Carlton reserve reverted to the control of * Mr Richardson's department,-and that gentlecqm —notwithstanding the strong representations made to him concerning the deeirabfiity of continuing the contract ivitfi Mr Songster—fs understood to have determined on a return to the old system. That is to say, that instead of entrusting the management of affairs to a skilled gardener, at a oast of £720 per annum, Mr Bickford and a staff are to bo employed in the woik of conservation nud improvement at an expenditure of £l2OO a year. This, we suppose, is radical economy—economy which appears to consist for the'most part in getting rid of-capable men, and in wasting the public money on political hacks and parasites. The boriDg party in the parish of Burram Burrum havo struck water at a depth of 180 feqt. But as tha 'water is salt the work has been to’a great extent' fruitless. At the same time the finding of water ot nn.v sort eiiauid induce the party to pilaavere until fresh water bs struck. The matter of Captain Payue’q pension, whjefi hqs bean decided by the Full Court, was ' brought up again on Tuesday, by au applies, tion to his Honour Mr Justice Higinbotham in Chamberß. The deoision of tho Full' Court was (says the Telegraph) that Captain Payne was entitled to, the . sum of £46 13s 43 more than the' Crown granted him. ,The Crown, however, were dissatisfied with the decision of the courtj.anfl Mr Hodges Qfadq application for ft&TOiSfssfiss.; which was that tha Crown should nav th* increased pension pending ths appeaf {?! respondent to refund the difference if the P,u Council s decision were against him. ■ ITy Another unwelcome visit of porpoises livened Portland Bay (says the oZ during several hours on Wednesday ' Th s shoal, m point of numbers) was not so lars, the last that paid us a visit, but its opetaUoS!. Jfe.ol a more lively character,and over a larger areaand a much’longer'time r? hret. appeared a., little. before noon, .and* i,. versing the bay in almost every part.’remafaLi in sight until sunset. The shoal this time arranged m something of a crescent form ana approached so near to the jetty that soi, 9 o » the porpoises passed between that and the of the Wollomai,lying at theanchoraee 1 All tt" best fishing grounds in the bay received th* attention, and it is is likely that they caused consternation'and perhaps destruction amona the fish. Some fishermen advanced in a boat towards the shoal, and for a . short time seemed to succeed in driving it off, but there is „„ «oubt that eventually the porpoises had itsU this' ? ay ’- • “ not to account fa some -T^e Ut a lfc ??? 1(3 a ?P Bar as ii „ .' inhabitants- of the ocean om.M. tia- p?A o ™r/„"r“ l * w The Orawich Advertise ..... Lone Hand about 9 o’clock i) <n„ ,®t tha just after John Hopkins and returned to their work after crib-tn^ 1 , ■of reef - came away from the face, *. JFl 1 Carthewy’s both legs, and causing a £raotur“{ one of Hopkins' ankles. Carthewy. was at once .removed to the Hospital, and placed under the'eare of the resident surgeon.. .; A shocking murder was. committed at Guthrie's Rich Avon station, near Donald, on Monday. At noon four clearers of timber-were haviog dinner, when a quarrel arose, and John Faulkner, seizing an axe, struck a fellow. - workman named James Phelan two blows killing him instantly. Tha murderer was after! wards arrested at Louis Meyr’s hotel, Avon Plains, and brought to Donald. Mr Carr, P.M, proceeded to the locality on Tuesday for the purpose of :holding an inquest. : The Colac Reformer understands that the Railway-Department stipulate that wood from the Cape Otway forest only shall be nefd ia the construction of the permanent way' of the line between Colac" and Camperdown.;. Tlig quantity required will be about 3;640,000 feet which will be a nice little windfall for the" splitters and sawmill proprietors. • A lady whose daughter had taken in wedlock a partner whoso religions persuasion differed from her own, recently set: out (says the Kyneton Observer ) to visit the erring fair oae, the object of the visit being to sympathise with her on an interesting event. S.omebody, not desiring the visit, took the liberty of despatch ing a dummy telegram, announcing the death of the daughter. The lady's nerves were so Bbaken with the news that a’sendai ilineej followed, so serioiiß, in fact, that the benefit oi olergy was invoked. A marked change,' how. ever, set in, when it was shown that the lady had been hoaxed, and. that both the young mother and child wero ‘'as well as could he expected." The telegraph is a useful- inven tion—at least, somebody Bays so, Mr Johnson, the Government Analyst, has been asked (says the Colac It former) far his opinion a3 to whether rabbits destroyed by poisoning with phosphorised oats ara unfit for consumption as ha man food. The reply given is to the effect that no danger need be appre hended . from this source, as the poison swallowed by the rabbits evaporates as soon ss the bodies are opened;- We have frequently shewn that the danger to the public from this source is imaginary, but the real safety of tha rabbit consumer lies in the fact that no ona could possibly swallow a morsel of what may be called “phosphorised rabbit,” oven ii beat ' upon suicide, and that the accidental useol an animal so poisoned as food ia quite out of the question. Fish appear (says the Gippsland Mercury) to be very plentiful in our rivers at present, and some of our local knights of the rod have had their hearts gladdened lately by fine hauls. In, one case last week an angler residing in Site was rewarded with a fine catch of forty fine fish within a very short time. He left work about half past 5 in the afternoon,; made this excel, lent basket, and was at home again by a quarter he Iff. Those of us who are proverbially unlucky in this sport can easily understand how the amusement is a favourite with fortu nate fishermen like the ono whoso success ive have recorded. The nativeß of Hew Zealand have apparently a keen appreciation of the value of creature comforts. The fotiowiug (says the Otag* Times) is the description of a Bmall mountain of provisions collected together for the native meeting at the Wairarapa. The structure con sisted of a basement storey of kumaras, or ‘‘spuds," a second tier of flour, a third oi sugar, and a fourth of fish, flesh, and fowl. The edifice was 150 feet long, 10 feet wide, 14 feet high., Bags of flour and sugar could be counted by the thousand, and there, were truck loads of dried eels, waggon loads of dog fish, oart loads of shellfish, numberless carcases of pigs and sheep, casks of mutton birds, pots and pans containing preserved pigeons, AU these dainties were packed opposite the prin cipal pah, ready for distribution among tha various camps at Te Ore Ore. Two instances of freaks of fortune have (says the Sydney Daily Telegraph) just been reported to us by Mr Arthur Cubitt, of ths Missing Friends' Office,- Pitt. street. - ' One is that of a gold miner at Charters Towers, Queensland, who for years had isolated self from bis family and friends in Scotland. He Beemed, however, to be aware that ths time might come when he would enjoy the income derivable from a property in Glasgow; but several yelatires had to pass away,before he oould claim anything from the? entailed estate. To ascertain how matters stood, Mr Cubitt was engaged to make the necessary search. Proof of tha death of his father, mother, and only sister has been obtained; all particulars essential for establishing identity have been forwarded to Mr Cubitt by bis London agent, with which theaoeount of him self given by the heir minutaly corresponds, and in a few months he will be put in posses sion of a substantial .rent-roll from soma honses in Glasgow, as well as a further income from a valuable parcel of land in the vicioity ot that city. The fortunate recipient of this annual sum will enjoy it during life-time, niter which it will go to his children in equal shares, or, fniliug issue, to the next of kin. The! other case relates to a sutu of "money which, for twenty-five years, has been awaiting a proper owqer, who has at length been found in Sydney. The last mail informed Mr Cubitt that further affidavits were necessary to complete the proofs; these are-in course of preparation, and will be forwarded to England in a few days. In due course the principal, with the accumulated interest, making to gether a good round sum, will be handed over to a well-known resident of this city. 