INDIAN JUGGLERY. [From the New York TimtsA People have often asked why some en terprising'theatrical manager does not, bring one of the wonderful jugglers of India to Europe or to this country.. We have had .J apanese jugglers whoproved to be much in feriorito such occidental wizards as Houdin and Herrmann, and we are soon to witness NautcE dances by genuine Nautch girls, "but no East India juggler has ever' left his native country. Everybody ,has heard of the ama.zing, miracles performed almost daily in India. The stories of the juggler who throws a ball of cord into the air, where it remains long enough for him to climb: up.by -it until he'disappears from sight; or of the juggler who car,'pes a-boy as he might-carve a chicken, and then" recon structs the boy out of aheap of disjointed" limbs and miscellaneous organs, are familiar to lis all. They are often quoted by spiritua lists as proof that miracles even more - asto nishing than the composition of bad poetry by the spirit of John Milton .are actually worked by the " occultists" of the Orient, , and are often-retold in the;newspaper3 as having -been vouched for hy.that -rather vague person, " a recent traveller."- Were one of these incomparable Eastern jugglers to be brought to Europe by a-theatrical manager,.thelatter would make ascertain and enormous fortune within; a very' short time. And yet tne very men -who import cheap Japanese jugglers, or .the more in teresting Nautch girls, never make the slightest' effort to secure1 a real miracle working . fakir.. This is . certainly very strange/anil, in fadt, quite unaccountable, except upon a hypothesis which, is as rude as it is unwarranted. The mention of East Indian, jugglers and .their 'feats must at this .particular period remind every onewho knows the'facts-of the recent marvellous disappearance- of :a-. small. hoy in Blackhoro,. Mass. A t the request of ' those mosfcneariy interested, the affair has thus far- been quietly ignored by-the press; but it: is now understood that there is no need of-any further mystery in the matter. The facts, according to Mr. -Ebenezer Lathrop,:,a leading citizen and .undertaker of Blackhoro,.are briefly as follow, and will be found intensely interesting:-— "• Mr. Lathrop is hot a spiritualist,' hut until lately he has taken a good .deal of.. interest in -spiritalism, and has .sometimes expressed the belief that there may be "somethingor other"in it. Three weeks -■ ago there came to Blackhoro a'-professional medium, Mr. G. T. Horner, who alleged that he was travelling for pleasure, but who, at the request of a local believer in spirits, consented to hold a stance at the house of Mr. Lathrop, whose professional acquaitance with-departed Blackhoro citi zens might reasonably he supposed to render them willing'to meet a respectable medium underj his roof. The seance was appointed to he held on the night of the 8th of De-. cember, and seven living spiritualists agreed to he present. It was the misfortune of Mr. Lathrop to. have a peculiarly objectionable boy—Master ; Thomas Wallis'Lathrop, named after hi3 maternal grandfather, aged 11-years on the 27th of last November. Thomas, or Tom, as he (was popularly called, was a particu larly ibad'-boy. Much familiarity with coffin^ and funerals had, perhaps/ its' share in rendering him callous and indifferent to serious things; hut it is very certain that he feared pnobody and cared-for nothing. He made his estimable father's life a burden to him, and it was the general .; opinion of the village that Tom's private funeral would be a most desirable under-'' taking event. . . - ' The stance was held at the time and place appointed, and was in many respects a creditable affair. Communications from a number of prominent ghosts were re ceived, and the spirits of two persons whom Mr. Lathrop had buried, Deacon Smedley and Prince (coloredj were .•'fully ma terialised, and were' recognised -by every one present. It was in connection with' the appeaihnce of the colored ghost that Tom Lathrop made known his hitherto un suspected presence in the room by-a^war whoop and a large apple, the latter being • thrown at: the ghost'with such: excellent aim as to. hit him on the nose and - elicit from: him: the" brief and- pointed remark, "Golly!" \- The indignation of the assembled spiri tualists was naturally great, and Mr. •Lathrop, who promptly captured bis grace less son, was about to leacl him. away for, .punishment, when the medium -said, " Bring him to me; I will deal with him." Tom was: accordingly given to the-niedium, who was an athletic man, and who, seating himself on a chair in the full view of the audience, "placed the boy across his knee and prepared to operate on him with the palm:of his hand. . Mr. Horner struck only one blow, for the instant his avenging hand descended there was a ..brilliant flash of light/ a loud report, and Master Tom dis-' appeared.instantly "and utterly. The doors and windows were closed, and even if they had not been it is certain that the hoy "could not have, left the medium's lap and/escaped " from jthe room unseen. From' that moment until (the present time not the slightest trace of Mister,Thomas Wallis.Lathrop has been seen.. _ /. The medium's explanation was a simple ■ one. : He said that by his occult power he had decomposed the boy into his original > gases/ and that these had united with .'the gaees; of the atmosphere. ' The people of Blackhoro, with but one exception, agreed that this was the first evidence of-any good in'spiritualism that they had yet seen, and there was talk of inviting Mr. Homer1-to take charge of the district school, -To the -astonishment-of everybody, Mr/ Lathrop seemed dissatisfied, and he has served a formal demand on the medium to recon struct his boy within ten days or to pay.his value, tobe decided by .three arbitrators or. a majority of them. Now, this is a story which is as wonder ful as anything that has ever been told:of ...the East:Indian jugglers. It is unques-1: tionably as authentic as any-story told by ^a recent traveller,", and is far more cir r.cumstantial in its details than' the best •efforts of that eminent authority. It will be runheritatingly believed by all the 'be lievers in Indian jugglery, and oqgbt tobe" ;of. Immense.. service to spiritualism, .In short/ there is not a word of truth in it> -which • is precisely the most ^ important characteristic of the tales of /East Indian, jugglers, and perhaps accounts for the fact: that no onerhas thought it wprth while:;to/ hire one of -them to exhibit, his .childish: tricks before an intelligent audience. The monthly, . meeting'.of the Adelaide : - Benevolentand, Strangers' .• JFrlend Sooietjr wasi held at the Ghuroh Office, Leigh street, on'Toes*) day Jane 7, Mr. W. Bhodes in the chair.'- The .treaiUret'e account showed abalanoeaf £1819s. hd.iii h and.- .Daring the month thirty-five cmsb , : ■ — distress* had 'been :relieved,/aid. ain9 :casp9' '-,i : jwere j brought - wader; the secretlqyto ,'hotioe >t /that meeting, .affie/'cqmn^ittee^in ;yiaw, dLtbe-^,. winter season' coming onaQd 'alteady/havmgy 0,-• more jesses brough^be£ow . them'ttan'toey- .o'411""" x'eliew, rfcscJU6d^m^e,.a.speoiaVajp^MtoT|de , general1 ^Dlrcvor %uh3cp|lcipnsl;■;B%^';i)hB -• 1 jast jrnonth, • theIpllowtog-amantbs ; djhaCjpib -others hieidfeen'-weiV^i^iz^-^atidhal'Seuh,: f $ /;#G; (NjtfSJ ^ftreet Wcrteyai# " ch'uich, £5, and Mr. ATiie'usuili 'Vole 0tJ0iJtb^ea8KimiBaiOjr 