PRESENTATION TO THE BISHOP OF ADELAIDE. The members of tbe Standing Committee of the Ohurch of England Synod met at the Ohurch Office, Leigh-street, on Friday afternoon, December 30, for tbe purpose of presenting an address to the Right Rev. Dr. Short, Bishop of Adelaide, on the occasion of his retiring from the chief pastorate of the Bee. The address, which was engrossed on parchment, was read as follows by Dean Russell:— "To the Bight Reverend Augustus, by Divine permission Lord Bishop of Adelaide.— Bight Rev. Father in God—The clergy and representative laity of the Dioeese of Adelaide feel the deepest sympathy with you in the conflict of feeling amid which you submit to the will of God in resigning that charge over this diocese, which has been maintained during so long a series of years. Tbey are well aware that you cannot without pain bid farewell to scenes which are crowded with sacred recollections, and in which so much of the happiness of your life has been found. But they rejoice with you in the establishment of so many institutions of Irating value, which will continue to distinguish the first episcopate in the colony of South Australia as a period peculiarly eventful. Those who come after you will enter into your labours, and have cause for thankfulness in doing so, although the number of institutions formed can only inadequately represent to them the many hours of anxious consultation, the difficulties that had to be encountered, the frequent checkB given to the work of the Church, tbe rallying of energy, and the repeatedly renewed efforts to carry all to a successful Issue. - Tour episcopate marks the period of the organization of the Synod with its standing and other committees; the formation of a Chapter; the establishment of a system of parochial endowments and parochial grants-in-aid, as well as of a Clergy, Widow, and Orphan Fund, and an Annuity Fund for the disabled; the recognition by the Ohurch of Home Missions and the Melanesian Mission as having a claim on its annual offertories; the establishment -and growth of St. Peter's Collegiate School; tbe erection-of a cathedral, of St. Barnabas Theological College, and of ninetyone churches, thirty-three parsonages, and thirteen schoolhouses. The number of clergy has increased to fifty, who have (as your'Lordship his reminded us) the assistance of a large number of unpaid lay readers; and the influence of tbe Church has powerfully told an all philanthropic and benevolent movements throughout the colony. It must be with deep thankfulness that you recall these results of the united work of the Church in its three orders, and your prayers will not be wanting for those on whom it devolves to carry on the work, and to adapt its form to each transition in our continually changing colonial life. We share with you In anxiety concerning your successor, and we pray for the aid and guidance of the Divine wisdom when the time shall come for choosing a chief pastor. For your Lordship we trust that the pain of the final farewell may be softened by influences of love and sympathy, and tbat the evening of your life may be full of happiness and peace.—Signed on behalf of Synod by members of Standing Committee." HIB Lordship the BISHOP, in replying, said that if he addressed the committee with feelings of stroEg emotion tbey would not be surprised on such an occasion as the present, when he was about to take leave for ever, he might say, on earth of those with whom he had worked so long aad seen grow up around him, and from whom he had received hearty assis- • tance in carrying on the work of the Church. The feeling of painto which allusion had been made in the address was softened to a very great extent from this cause that it was not any personal dissension, or difference of opinion, or disagreement with regard to the policy of the future which had led him to this parting, nor was it any dislike to the social condition at which tbe colony had arrived, nor any complaint he had to make as to the ecclesiastical state of the diocese. On tbe contrary, its most halcyon days had graced the evening of his episcopate. Some months ago there was a sort of exodus from the'diocese, and the doubt had crossed his mind whether tbe energies of tbe Church would be able, under a gracious Providenoe, to supply those vacant cures which presented the appearance of a blank for some considerable time, but sow that doubt bad been removed by the arrival of men who had been recommended to the Church here, and to wbom the state of the diocese had commended itself as a sphere o labour from its importance, its likelihood to aid in their support and maintenance, and in giving tbem a fair field in which to exercise under the grace of God those cares whioh they bad ebosen to take upon themselves. These had been welcomed most heartily, and fae could not look [back to bis connection with the diocese without a deep feeling of pleasure, as he remembered that when his state of health precluded him from taking anything but a small part in the rites of confirmation and ordination, the Church bad been able to secure viaits.trom two neighbouring Bishops, both of whom had met with a cordial reception, and both of whom by their character, preaching, and general bearing had tended to raise and support the character of-the English Episcopate. Although in better health now than some little time ago, under the will of Providence he felt that at the age of seventy-nine years and a half it was in vain for him to expect to have that vigour and power of usefulness which should sustain him in visiting the more distant parts of the diocese, and in doing the work in what was essentially a missionary episcopate. Could be look at the railway darting into the very heart of the country, and at the advancing tide of settlement spreading from Euola to the Barrier Ranges, and even tending towards the Queensland Border and to the back country of Hew South Wales, and then turn and look at the railway running through Mount Gambler and Border Town, connecting Victoria with our own ports, including Adelaide itself, and then think for one moment that at his age he oould have the vigour to attempt to reach even the skirts of this advanced population, and feed the sheep thus scattered in the wilderness. He could not, and therefore fae felt that it was an imperative call from the Lord whom he had trusted and served to ma tee way for younger and abler hands. He had at one time felt deeply for tbe spiritual welfare of the Areas, but now the Church had a. strong band of lay readers there who worked faithfully under the guidance and exhortation of the ministry amongst them, feeble aad scattered though it was. These were the thoughts which made the pain of parting from the diocese much less painful than they would otherwise be, and he left no ill- feeling and no enemies behind. There was not a man—Churchman or Dissenter— whom he could not Bhake by the hand on the score of amity -and Christianity in the broader sense, although he had always studied to be a Ohurchman to tbe backbone, because he believed tbat the Ohurch contained the germ of the whole body of saving truth and of everything that was good, hcly, and lovely in the Christian life. He did not say it was perfect, and that it had not numerous faults in its time; but he had lived to see great changes in its character, and he looked forward to a great development of Christian character when, without sacrificing one jot of catholic principle or of primitive usage, the Ohurch could feel at one with others in the brotherhood of tbe Gospel— when would be fulfilled the beautiful announcement of the Gospel—" Peace on earth and goodwill to men of love," and when, instead of worshipping in solitary camps, all would be united by - this Christian sentiment in one great Ohurc.h, and would work together in the house of God. He did not think this a vain ambition, and with these feelings he believed he was only doing his duty in giving place to younger and abler hands, and he trusted that the same cordial support would be given to his successor as he himself bad received in the great work of developing the Ohurch in this colony. God forbid that he should olaim anything but a portion of tbat work, for both laymen and. clergy had helped him worthily in bringing tbe diocese to its present full-grown state, and he did not believe that there was any other in Australia more completely furnished with the instrumentalities of religion than that of Adelaide. He could look back now with complacency to the little struggles which had taken place, and the doubts and fears and anxieties that existed, when the question of the abolition of State aid to religion was agitated, and they hardly knew where to look for help in view of disestablishment; but he since thanked God most devoutly that State aid had been swept away, and tbe Church of England thus thrown on its own resources had been enabled to ahow how nobly it could establish itself on the voluntary principle. He knew of no other body which had done more in a given time to place itself in a proper position than the Ohurch of England in this Diocese. Look at the liBt of Societies and committees and funds that its members had organized, and which were all in a flourishing state. Look -at the Synod itself, which was a great experiment. When he left England in 18S4 he sought the opinion of Sir Richard Bethel, of the great Irish Chancellor, and of other eminent lawyers, as to whecher it would be a violation of the Act of Submission to bold a conference of Synod in this Diocese, and, acting on tbeir opinion, the arrangements were made for holding Synt>d, which arranger.ients had lasted for thirty years. On the basis of tbe three orders, Bishop, clergy, and laity, joining together, tbey bad been able to raise an ecclesiastical structure of which they could well be proud when looking at its organization, and tbe effect it bad produced all through the colony. It must not be supposed, however, that he was satisfied with what bad been done. It was impossible to have the episcopal functions properly exercised by one individual in this diocese, and in coming to an agreement to divide it he did not think they had invalidated the original deed of agreement vbicb was passed for tbe original diocese. If this division did not take place the Bishop would have to bave suffragans or coadjutors to carry tne fpiecopat? functions to the furthest extent of the population. The germ of this division existed, and he prayed for the same blessing of God upon the new bishoprics as on the mother province in spreading tbe influence of the Ohurch through the area of this country. He admitted that the lay agency was not thought of at, the outset, but he had afterwards endeavoured 'to foster it as much as possible, with the result that now there were about 130 unpaid laity assisting the clergy, and he trusted that no jealousy would arise between the hieratic and the lay priesthood to prevent their working cordially together so far as the clergy could accept such assistance. Where this work was carried out in a proper spirit the wisdom from above would, he had no doubt, enable them to arrange all difficulties, and if they united in the spirit of prayer God would send them a wise and able governor. The one who sat after him in the episcopal chair he trusted would be treated with cordiality, and if, as tbey had done with him, the clergy exercised a manly freedom in advising BBd in saying that which was true, and the laity boldly expressed tbeir opinions, tbe three-fold cord united by the spirit of God would not be easily broken. God forbid that any one strand of that cord—Bishop, clergy, and laity— should ever entrench on tbe rights and duties of tbe others, but tbat it should remain one strong rope by which the car of the Church— not a Juggernaut—might be drawn in triumph to the most distant boundaries of the province, carrying peace, innocence, and happiness through the land. St. Barnabas College bad been referred to in the address, and be hoped it would carry on the primitive training of the Ohurch of England, and would produce well-taught clergy; and while it wonld answer the purposes of a chapterhouse it might also serve as'a hostel for clergymen seeking rest from their work in distant cures. He had brought with him a picture oC the Cathedral as it would appear when finished, and also one of St. Barnabas College, which he would hand over to Synod, as it had control over those properties. The view of the Cathedral he would have liked to have taken away with him, but he could not find it in his heart to do so, and would leave it behind as representing his wishes, and what it would have been the business of his life to see accomplished had it been granted him to remain another ten years, and he truBtea his successor would be able to complete the work. He felt great satisfaction that the old institutions under which the Ohurch of England had flourished in England now flourished more than ever, because able men had been chosen from the Presbytery. In every portion of England such men were devoting their energies and learning to the dutiea of their offices as deacons and canons of cathedral Churches, which became the centres of great moral aotivity and parochial Improvement. A life and vigour had thus been infused into the Church work which was perfectly astounding to him, looking back, as he did, to thirty years ago. It was a hard matter to find a worthy successor to Arthur Stanley, Dean of Westminster, but he had read some of the first sermons of the present Dean, who seemed to stand worthily in his new position. Besides the new Prebendary of Westminstt* there were Dr. Plum tree and other similarly capable men adorning the higher places in the Ohurch. These institutions were not made for the warm retirement of men of no note in the Church and members of noble families, and^ though they were very nearly being extinguished' at one time* he thanked God tbey were not so new; and whether a Tory, Whig, or Radical Government were in power they dared not appoint inferior men, for if they did he believed it would go a great way to overthrow the Ministry tbat sought to do so. With the best and ablest men put into these positions they became sources of exertion, light, and love throughout tbe most retired portions of the diocese. And, now, why should he doubt that the same good providence of God which had been with ^he Church in this colony for the last thirty years would guide it in tbe future, and why should he doubt in the wisdom of its servants and their desire to fulfil its work to the glory of God ? . He put full confidence in them, and trusted that on their knees and in their closets they would ask for divine grace to guide them in their choice of a proper Bishop in bis place, and entering on this duty in such a spirit they would surely have the assistance of God. The committee had requested him to draw up a prayer for. tbe use ot Synod while it was deliberating on the election of his successor, and having complied with the request, he would ask the committee to join in It with him now, and when they used it In his absence it might remind tbem of onewith whom they had worked for many years.and who would never forget tbe help, blessing, and comfort they had been to him. Tbe BISHOP, who appeared to be deeply moved at this official farewell, then read the following prayer:—" O Lord Jesus Christ, who didst appoint twelve Apostles to preach the glad tidings of salvation to a fallen world ; and afterwards didst choose Matthias in the place of Judas when he by transgression fell; we, thy servants, desirous to follow the rule of the Church, 'built upon the foundation of tby Apostles and Prophets,' beseech Thee to guide us by Thy Holy Bpirit in choosing a Chief Pastor to have the rule over us. Let there be no divisions among us. Let not party zeal cause us so to act as if Christ were divided. With one accord may we strive to choose a man approved of God, who shall rightly dispense the Word of Truth, and, if need be, correct and reprove with all long-suffering and patience. Be with us when we give forth our lots that they may fall on one who shall be a true successor of Thine Apostles, not in name only, .but in deed and truth, to the glory of Thy name, O Lord, and the welfare of this Church 'and people; wbo livest and reign est with tbe Father and the Holy Ghost, one God Almighty, world without end. Amen." The BISHOP announced that Holy Communion would be celebrated at the Cathedral at, 10 o'clock on Friday morning, and having bidden a formal farewell to the committee left the office. AHOTHEB CASE OF DEOWKIKG IK THE TOBBBHS.—The City Coroner held an inquest at the Hamburg Hotel, on Friday evening, on the body of a coloured man who was found drowned in the River Torrens that morning. The principal evidence taken was that of ft waterpoliceman named Geo. Oonnell, who said that at 10.30 a.m. he received a report to the effect that a man was floating in theS river near to the Exhibition landing-stage. On proceeding to tbe spot he found the body lying in the water about two yards from the north bank. The water at the spot was about 6 feet deep. The decessed, when taken out of the river, had on a light bolland coat, tweed trousers, and vest of a grey tint, white shirt, black tie with a sprig of flowers upon it. He was a coloured man, abont 5 ft. 6 in. in height and well built, with bald head, long slightly grey hair each side and at the back. He was shaved clean under the chin, and his moustashes had been clipped in the centre. From the general appearance of the body tbe witness thought that it had been in the water for about four or five days. On searching deceased he found upon him a portion of a newspaper dated December 24 and a leather purse in which there were silver and copper coins amounting to 6s. 9d. There were no apparent marks of violence on the body. She witness said that he had noticed no men bearing any resemblance to deceased walking along the river banks during the last week; Deceased's age was "somewhere about thirtyeight or forty. Mr. Ward then adjourned the enquiry for c week, in order to allow the police time to get further evidenoe, and to obtain some clue to the identity of the deceased. Sergeant Doyle telegraphed to the Coroner, stating that he had not been able to find that anybody was missing from the vessels at the Port answering to a description of the deceased. EUDDBN DEATH.—On Friday morning tbe City Coroner received information of the sndden death of Sarah Jane Oxley, who died at her father's residence on the previous evening. The deceased, it seems, was retiring to bed when she suddenly became ill, and died almost immediately afterwards. Dr. Toll had prescribed for her a few days before, but had observed nothing special the matter with her. Mr. Ward had an interview with Dr. Gething, of Port Adelaide, on the subject^ and as he was satisfied that death was the result of internal haemorrhage, he gave a certificated that effect. THB MISSZKS BOAT.—With reference to tbe missing boat from Edithburgh, we understand that Mr. Ingham was not in it, but his son was. The boat was last seen at sundown on Tuesday. It was then about twelve miles off Edithburgh, and becalmed. A terrific storm came on between \ half-past 8 and 9 o'clock, from the north-west. Surprise has been expressed that a Government steamer has not been sent to search the Gulf and neighbourhood of Kangaroo Island for traces of the boat. Young Brown was an expert swimmer, and might possibly bave been rescuable. The Marine Board, who have bad a sharp look-out kept all along the coasts in the Gulf, have received the following telegram from Aldinga respecting a boat, whi;b we are told does not answer the description oE the Edithburgh one:—"Boat found last evening (Thursday) about two miles north of this port (Aldinga); keel upwards. Ic was 12 ft. long and 4 ft. wide, and had copper rowlock*, wit h plain tholes. The stern sheet was gone. It was of a lead colour outside, and white bottom inside. The top of the inside oars was varnished. There was no name. Tbe piddles which were new, were 8 ft. long, and had W.O scratched on the blades." 