General News. 1 Rosewood Electorate :— The Courier Bays : ?' In uonneqiience of Mr. Meston's insolvency there will lie,a vacancy in thi.i ropresentiitioh of Rosewjxxl in tho Logis lativo A'Bnei.ibly, and it is probable that a writ will Bhortly iasne for the election of a member to anpjilyf the place of that gentleman, who seems i to have fallon undor the displeasure of his old political associates, and to huve been cunt out of tho great Liberal fold.' jHe is himself of opinion that he will survive the expulsion and, possibly through the medium of 801110 far northern constituency, aijain serve his cnuntry in Parliament, and keep green amongst Queensland lugislators tho mem oiy' of 'the mighty minds of old, his nevor-fiiiling friondn, with whom ho doth lioid converseduy dy duy/' Meanwhile the RoHOwood isdcaobite, and the fairhaired German maidona dissolve ia . porHpir.i tion. But consolation, it is saitl, in near at hand, and two probable suitors for tho favonra of Rosewood 'are already nien lioned— nrnuely, Mossrai Brady and Fro-' deriohs. Thfl foriner will, jif elected, proba bly take his seat on. the Government.' j cross tenches, while) the latter would be- | lik.ely to support tie Opjwsition; i At I present Hie otlrfo are- in fitvrnir 'of tho ^ Opposition caudi'lat-j.' ! . ?' '? ?. ; Panic rs a Losdox TnEATnE.— Mr. j Mitpleson signalised Kia suliscription ] season in Hit Mnjcaty's. Theatre by the' \ jirojlrictiun of a newjojiei-.i,-' 11-Rihm-g- S ato,' the libretto j-y the celclirateil ^ ' Hnn^arinn poot Dunk, and the music by . | the Biiron Balog Oiiczy.: A' serious: cat- '. astropho \%-a3.nnly aijened in the oonrso i of (he performance by .she .coi'iroge-i and ]' presence of tuiml of Signor Ruijcio!; and .! Mailainii Katti LinBer. ' : In the . lust act ? ?:? of-' II Rinne^ito ' a ghost should .'havo ' ?„; come up in flmnes from an. open grave. ; ;' It -will hardly be ci-udited that oyei- this ' j grave ivraa placed a r-btisb made of twigs 1 ?'nd cotton wool, undjthat wsol or pthcr ] ?nflaniiiiiable i- materiaj had been placed- : round; the sides, of thi grave. Of course, ?'. directly the name shot up from below, ? tlie bush and the grave at once caught , t fire. The ghost, who-was enveloped' in a ??{ thin shroud,- just managed to save himself ' by prompt flight. Witliin three; or four: ] feet from the burning mass was aitliin ' 'j gauze: sheet, : behind iSvhich; perclicdi up 'j high in the air and secured,:- were about i 30 or. .40 poor ballet girlB arid boys rente- j 3enting angels, and! for whom - thero. j weinedno escape. In this moment of J ?extraiue peril the hrerrjen with their. buck-; ' } ets and liose(of which there are no lesO { than seven sets in the theatre) wera no- '! where to be seen. ?Carrjentersru3hed|about j the stjige comjiletelyj bewildered. !Th&: J Baran' Ofczy, who conducted, lost [his „] lieiid, 'and most unwisely stopped ithe '.-. | muaicil Somelody . trieil . ',' fire,' -and | there 'was'a' rush of I timid women and '.*.. } cowardly men to tlie doors. A great i shont.of 'sit down !'j from' the gallery I somewhat restored confidence, for at that - ] moment Sigiior Rnncio,. rushing on ithe -.-3 stage :-fr.)in. ; the wingp, .stripped off :hig -I clqik and. dashed it thb flames. A brave ??? woman (believed on, be Madame Katti. Lanncr) rushed on rroni the 'opposite sido . 1 and spread aishawl over part of the burn- ??;? - ipa misj, while stage attendan Is, who *.; had now recovered their wits, soon extin- - guished the rest of the .fire. , The entire '' atflair occupied little more than a minute, the result must have been very serious. The behaviour of the greater part of the - . audience, and especially those ia the gal- - ; lerjes, rwas worthy of liigl) praise. ??: ? ;. i A Ghastly Joke. -[-According to the. Georgetown' (Del.) 'Inquirer '' the olOr ' salts who live down at Henlopon area .;'- l|iidless, not to say hard crowd. The paper says: — 'Some seamen wandering along the Reoboth , beach : last winter found a drowned man. They took tlio corpse up, carried it into Captain Tren dendick'a bar-room, stood it up at the ' . corner ;of the bar, anil [went out and told ' '' Trendendick a friend ^wanted to treat the the crowd. The crowd drank and left. To TrendendickjS surprise he could; pet . neituer money nor answer trom tue . : corpse, and becoming enraged, struck \ him. He tell to the floor wtjpi thud. -i fBucoming sbarod, he called inTAa man's. - friends, and each solemnly declared that . . '; the.fellow was dead. 'Erendendick, white j ns a sheet and with (rumbling voice, was ) at first duml --fouiidedj: Jjut at last ex- - ! claimed :— ' Well, 1 diil jit in self- defence. .}. Uu drew a knife on me before I struck | him.' ? '??-??? .: .I:.''' ' -..?': : ! 